I VICTORIA. 1* ,WB _havo. Melbowne pipers to tbs 1*Vh instant. ..lt«. « - following is from the Agt: Bireaae amongst tbo 'oattle- in tbo'Billaarat dlstatat, arpeara from the following, wbleb we extraot from Cha Star, to hove aprnad to a fearful extent l -" At the meal- ing Of the Western Council on Monda;, a letter waa re«d 1 from a. Mr. Murray, a furn-r at Stockyard lilli, etatlag i tb it tbo poople in that locality were tn great dang#i,eaf 'i ', ? hiving a plagan break oat amongst them id oonaequwnao nf the largo number of dead oallle that wtro lying about 1 in all dlrcolions, the animals having died from pleoto- ? pneumonia. The writer atated tbat in 300 cores of land he bad observed Iba oaioaaea of between 30O and 4ÛO dead cattle.. He expressed a hope that tbeooonoil woola! "., take some steps to abate the nuieanae. Tbe jurhdierioa - of the aounoil docs not extend co far, bat it wai resolved to! forward Mr. Murray's letter to the Central Board of t ' Hoaltb.i From, this letter! we can gather'aoholWve r"~ evidence that dlsoasad cattle are slaughtered and brought . into the market for, human food, abd the local ambo-,. . rities eboald at onoo take steps to have the oaroíeea of all nlaughtored oattle inspsoted before hoing disposed ot 1 totbe publia" ''' ? ' i The shipping trade of Gipps Land bas made avery considerable stride daring the past year, being r.o leaa> - than 24.070 tons aiainst 13 S15 tons in IR03. M This * increase," says the.Times, ". bas been entirely owing .to,',, *.. tho New Z island trade, anti, the opening of the port of Welshpool. Port Albert, it waa fOuutt, would not ed mit' of vessels of sufficient die to orry oattle safely for saab a length of voyage, and I bat larger vessels ware aeeia. sary. Welshpool was, consequently,. the only resource^ and the opening of one of tbe finest harbour j ia Victoria was the result. A tiade ia now oarrjing on bot wi at ' Welshpool and Dunedin equal to tho whole of ch« previous cattle trade with Tasmania, and tho number of i . > shippers are rather increasing than dimlniahiog- so that ' while mining flourishes in Naw Zealand, wo may expset the iooreased trade to continuo." ?'. ?': Tbe public of Melbourne aro promised a eight of tba - genuine Pepper ghost after all. All we baveaeeta, (' hitherto bava been imitations, not produced exactly.ia^ the same way as the epeolra of tho P/ofeasor wasipro- . duoed. So at least we are given to unterstand, and. tba . spectrum, for whose nightly appearance arrangements are , being no.? made in tbe Princess's Theatre, ie, wa ora assured, the bono fiât artiole, originated by means of toa Professors own aojnstment of the apparatus. ..lj>at ' evening a trial exhibition wai made in the pro jena« of a , , few privileged spectators, epeolally Invited, and (he efltat, though of the same kind SB those heretofore attempted, was certainly superlrr. The imago supposed to be gboeily appeared more diitinotly defined and in moro lumiaou* and palpable relief than any of its prodeoessors; TOoaja : equaMy nnaubBiantial, it more oloaaly simulates reality,' and. altogether the illusion is more striking and complete.,. The right of exhibition is beld by Mr. Cosford, who hie' " reosntly arrived in tba colony, and who is authorised, wa believe by the inventor himself, to prodaoe bis gboBte as ? they ta>e been and still' are 'produoad la London and'. , olaewhero. . . . , ?-???» '-.?'.. . The. cricket matoh between the All-England Eleven and twenty-two players of ' the Ballaarat district t«jt- ",' - minated yesterdoy afternoon, after a three days'contest, " '' ia the viotory ol the Englishmen ia one innings, with twelve rana.to. spare. The attendance was .larger thara-. aa the preoodiag day, there being bot ween 3000 and 4009 ' . persona present daring tho afternoon. At the tornsint tton of the great match, a ona.innings «ingle wicket match waa arranged, Graaa and Tarrant playing eight ol" ' the beBt men out of the Twenty-two. Tho two Bigltsb- ?. men mada twenty rons, and their eight opp^noiits wara . -, disposed of for eleven. ',' t ' [TBS ALÍ>EMOLAND ELSVBS OK BBNDIOO -" A Oaetfev ,;. maine Críete'en" writes to us as follows "_I visited tba Back Creek ground dorlog Ibo recent matoh', and waa ' " utterly disappointed to fiad that tbo arrangements..wera'-' of a slovenly and unaatlalsotoiy description. Whit will :: / the Eleven think of, ,tbe up-country diitrlats after, thia;; wretobed display oh B indigo t lt will require all. that ?;. Ballaarat ind Castlamaine can do to effioa tho unplea eant 'first impression' which bas undoubtedly been maila ' on the minds of the English team. Tha ground was a ! moat wretched one, notwithstanding all that tho BmilQO ' AdiertUer (with ita usual effrontery) may lay to tba contrary. In fact, the Eleven govo .frte vent to their opinions on tha ground. Tho lunoh each day . wis a miserable fallare-a mixture of dirt, dus:, and doubtful i> comestibles. The grand stand was a most unsightly . and uncomfortable place, and on Saturday was almost , " unsafe; the, wind carried away the a'wnlnr, alto »log tba ?: rain free play upon the seats and tho visitors. Ia taet¿ . tha wbole affair was, in my opinion, anything but credit- able to the ' wayside town,' aa Sindhurst bas boan faootlously ktylod. . I hope the Ehven will not ti ka this as a fair sample of thu manner in wbiob things are - managed in the provlnoep.. The. presentation of a few bats and a parting dinner will not make UD for a host! of preceding Uoliaa."-Jí. A. Mail, Mo. GBOKOB PARK.-Wa ate glad to state tbtt thia celebrated eiioketer, who, Bin oe hil Joy last» has beea confined to bi* bed at the Metropolitan Hotel, suOu- ring from erysipelas in the bead and feet, ia reooveriog, and ire hope will soon.agsln ba able to j ila bis oomrsdesia tba etioket flold.- Bendigo Ad ertiter, January 13^ ? T»B FATAL ACCIDENT AT WIIXIAM,T.W:'.-The district' ooroner held an inquest, yesterday, on tho body ot a man . named James Oreen, who died moro on tha preceding day from fracture of tba skull, baring been ttraok on tba head by a plesa of etone. . The following avidenea waa ' prodnosd ;-William Bees deposed : I am a fitter, living at Williamstown. . Yesterday, a few minutes past roar o'olook in the afternoon, wblltt working, 1 heard a repart and a whistling noise in the air, and on looking np Iaaw two or tbree'plooes bf stone, ona of wbioh atruok tho deceased, James Green, on the hoad, and be immediately fell. Ha was woiking about eight yards from myself, on the Williamstown tino of railway. - Was ? not a warn that i any blaeting operations wero going on near us. I bad no been on ihst spot mora thin throe« quarters of an hour, . Aa sooa as tho deoäaaed (ell Dr. Wilkiha was Bout for, and attendsd OB soon os.possible. The: deoeaaed lived : nearly two hours after tbe atone alrnok him. .There, were Uro of un working near, tba place wbera deceased was atruok. We had received no notion that there ware to be blasting operations going co; Alexander Cobham deposed :-I am a polo tem JU, sud waa ; working on the line yesterday when the doaessed waa atruok by the atone. Mr, Baes'a eridenos it qsite oorreor. I had been working at the spot all day, and had beatd blasting going on during tba day. Thora wera twj shads wbioh intervened * between the plaos whare blasting was going on and wherj I stood, and cha oistanoa from wbere the deoeaaed waa to tho. blasting waa ? one .hundred, and fifty paces. Were we stood wo wura not seen by tba men blastiag. No notice waa given when a blast waato.be fired. Tha blasting operatiuaa were for tha purpose Of making a newline. J hand no horn blown, and BOW no persons running before tha blast. I have on previous ocoaslos saoa gstonea flying about from blasting .operations. I havo heard blasting going on at all hoars. I have spoken to the naen , who wore blasting, and told them tboy ought to bava . given us wiroiog, but 1 don't know tho men to ' whom X nave spoken. Blasting bas been going on along tba pto. posed new Hoes for'* the loBt' two montos. Andrew Arness dóposed t I am foreman of tho works for cutting a line for the engine shod. I was present yesterday, a faw minutes altar four o'olook, when a bl nat waa flrvd. Mrrtin Danagher fired it. There wera (oar-, tosa'men engaged at work-in tao imaudiata vioiutty of thia Bpot. Danagher thoutod oat three times, ''Fire," in rhe usual way belora firing the blast. It was fired by a. fusel The bore, WOB 3 ft.A in. Tho, usual quantity of powdar was put io. i here were throo bloats exploded within hali a minute of eaoh other. They were all fired by tho 8ame man, and the three blasts wera within two i or three |vards of eaoh other. Tho atone b'acted waa bluestone like the atone produced. I havo been aoonstomod to blasting operations. I bave known 6tone to be thrown six hundred yards, wbere a large quantity of powder, bia been nsod. Danaghec lighted the fuse and fired tba blast at the tims that I tu ld him.. I oonaidertd that the. blasts were all right. Ida oastamaiy to fire blasts all day long at those noika except when a train is coming. Il bsB always been tho custom wbere I bave been employed. I waa aware that men were wot kio j ou other parts of the line.. John Wilkins, dopoaed: I am a legally qnaliflad medloal practitioner, living at-Williamatown. 1 vis sent for yesterday to see the deoeaaed, whom I found with a wound In'the aoalp, and fraoture of tbe bonos in front of tbs skull. I attended io bim, but he died In lesa than two boura. Tba oausa of death was fracture of tba skull. The pteoa of bluestone now produood would have oonaod tho injuries, ll hurled witt great foroo. The deoeaaed was quito sentible. The coroner summed ap, and the jury returned a verdict, finding Andrew Amaso, I ander whoas superintendence the blasting opérations bad been conducted, guilty of manslaughter, for gross «ara. leaaneas in conducting tho said blasting oporatlons. Thai corober aooordlngly Issued his warrant for tho oomralttal ' of Ameaato tske bia trial on tho charge,_ RUNAWAY HOUSE.-On Sunday evening about faut L'OIOOH, BB Mr, Holboro, of Gaerge-streot, was driving, from the Domain in his nog.cart, accompanied by another gentleman and a lady, thc horea bolted oil down Bridge street, et'tho top of hts ep od, roaaued Gaorijoitrce«, lurried up it, and Hom thence Into Margarot.Blreet, where i ho tell, owlnß to ' tho overturning ot tho veliitilo, oat of willoh Mr. Holborn and bin Iriood i WJIO thrown with (¡r .nt viel inno. Tho deg ourt waB BonjBVibat dnrr.ajerl; tun, urinal miraculously, thu partios Ibiövrn pu: enoaped. I i|.[.i,r. ntly, without vijy nerlous'' injury, und tho horne 1 .iud h^rnuBB aucincd but liitlo lue nome.' ' > 