EjOOBINGA. [From a&r; ownCorrespondent.1 i^oomiKa, uecemoer ' Alonday.the 26th, was kept as a general liouday ~ in this place, and on the same day the grand picnic which had been in contemplation came off The weather was eveiytliing that could be desired, being delightfully cool in the morning with a beautiful breeze blowing all day. * The spot selected for the meeting was a paddock of Mr. Seed's, about five or six miles from the Burca. on the Adelaide-road. Though not everything that could be desired, still it was well- situated and perfectly free from dust, while the trees afforded a shelter from the sun to the numerous parties who bivouacked hinder their spreading branches. There were also commodious tents erected by the Committee for the same purpose, and altogether the arrangements were very com plete, aud refleeted great credit on the Committee, who were novices at anything-of the kind before. To reward them for their gratuitous labours they had the satisfaction of seeing it torn out a great success, notwithstanding the opposition that it had met .with the day before: Every Available convey ance in the Buzra was in requisition, and there must have been at one time as many as 203 horses in the paddock and over 100 vehicles. There were considerably over 1,000 people on the ground, who all enjoyed themselves amazingly. Tents were provided for the sale of refreshments, no intoxi cating liquor bong allowed on the ground for sale. Mrs. Beed superintended the coffee and tea depart ment; for which there was a great demand Anting the day. Mr. F. Gebhardt had a separate tent, where the solids and all the different kinds of fruit in season . were sold. He also -had his fair share of patronage. . The games and amusements which were instituted consisted of.cricket, qnoit^ football., footraces, jumping in sacks, wheelbarrow races, and hunting - a. pig.. All "of them were extensively patronised,' and afforded great amusement. An efficient band waa | In attendance all day, and enlivened the . whole by : their music. UaDcing was also extensively patronised, and loss-m-tbe-ring by the j'aveniles. There was also a rifle match. The greatest satis factioiifotheCommittee was that everything went off without the slightest accident or even the ghost i of aquarreVanditwas also remarked that there -was a less amount of drunkenness in the township the same evening than on any former holiday.. Tuesday was also held as a holiday by the store keepers, who preferred to have their two days at, Once instead of on Wednesday. Many parties left the township on pleasure-seeking, and enjoyed themselves veiy much. 