? ' TbE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE IN H-TCTDELBERGL (From Me Victorian March 12).r On last Sunday, in Heidelberg, onooi^ sceotacles so charming to every Catholic bosom 2S place within the walls of St. John's. From nearly hour in the morning every avenue feaaing into the township had its fair proportion Of persons, and when eleven o'clock had arrived there might be seen, the largest congregation ever -assemble* before in the same locahty. Z,\ ? a«- «,Q Miaht 'Rav. Dr. Goold was pleased ana delighted to see such a Congregation present to greet him on the occasion. , The object of His Lordship's visit was to ad minister the Bite of Confirmation to many per sons of both sexes. At eleven a.m. the Bishop attended by the Eev. Father Finn, the local clergyman, left the Sacristy, proceeded by some Of the College Students and Acolytes, and com menced the mass of the Sunday. His Lordship was vested in purple, wearing the mitre, and pectoral cross, and bearing the pastoral staff. ! Mass having been concluded, the Bishop was seated in front of the Altar. Those to be con firmed sat immediately in front of the Bishop, the males on the Epistle side, and the females on the Gospel side. The Right Eev. Prelate now delivered an exceedingly instructive and forcible discourse on the great Sacrament of Confirmation they were about to receive in accordance with the Ibeautif ul Liturgy of the Church. His Lordship concluded his Confirmation charge in the fol lowing telling words;— 'My dearly beloved in Jesus Christ, you are now about to enlist as soldiers of Christ, in the presence of God and the immense congregation now before you. Bear in mind what this sacrament has done for 'the apostles, martyrs, confessors, and the many saints who have adorned the Catholic Church. Remember how pure and innocent your souls ought to be to receive worthily this morning the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost. After re ceiving the sacrament I am now about to ad minister, you will leave this church fortified to fight the battle against the world, the flesh, and the devil. If you permit yourselves to fall the greater will be your disgrace. The cross, the banner of Jesus Christ will be now placed on your hands. You will have publicly this morn ing sworn allegiance to that old standard, and, 'therefore, fidelity on your parts must proclaim ^to the world your belief in that glorious ensign 'Of victory. May God in his goodness and mercy this morning inspire your hearts with those noble feelings, and when you have passed your earthly pilgrimage, may you all who are here to day, when you stand on the awful boundary of eternity be transfigured into the ranks of the heavenly army for ever and ever to chant the praises of Jesus Christ in the angelic chorus above-1' The Bishop now having read the prescribed prayers of the Ritual, proceeded to administer confirmation in the usual form. The males were presented by Georg.e Bennett, Esq., and the females by Mrs. P. H. Fanning. All those who were confirmed repeated aloud with the bishop, the creed, our Father and Hail Mary. His Lordship then gave the episcopal benedic tion. Immediately after all was concluded, those who were the recipients of confirmation, partook of some of the good things of life pre pared for them in the s'obool. This concluded a day that will always hav? a niche in the minds of those who witnessed it, and certainly will form a ' green spot' in the memories of the persons who have played an active part in that work so noble and lofty in its aim. 