. SOUTHLAND SHIN-PLASTERS The Otago Daily .Times on this subject say: 7 ."-.With a, want o.Fdisqrolipn ant,rashness that no words o«n do justice, to, this litÛe'Êroviheë of sea'rcoly three yeara distinct existence has ontorcd into engagements of, to it jv gigantio nature ..with no adcriujt J re ison to rely [on beinl> - «bl» ¡to meet them. iH»vin^ ¡ rec. ir jd the' consent of tbo Govornor to issuing debentures to the extent bf £250,000, it borrowed upon them prior td their negotiation/£2G0,' 00 f om two aocomodating banks. But tt is was not enough It enterad into engagements for works far exceeding this amount, and pissed additional loam ordinances; for, more or leas another £200,000, Without wattin? for tba assent of the Governor to the new Ordinances, the Provincial Go- , vermont oom inned its oontracts, and suddenly found itself without any money at its command, htav'ly Indebted to con- tractors and labocrers for works already performed and with large proBgeotive liabilities fur agreements to nlfeh it has bound itfelf. .* Tho workmen threatened to riot, ard disported them- selves as might be eipeotcd of men who hal given their [ -? JabbuAii^^^fliBtMlI/BjfgrM^Hf» heing paid for, and found \- -ttmirwaget-riot-fOTtbtwiafno;,-Toe aabiiUnoa-cf tba banka * w*a äcsiiirBäiißlit,'. put^besa ips|i(,u(iorjs did not «ea H \- *. "Tliii^rnerijepoy »a» a »tartiing one. and to meet it 'be \- -Cover- ainaat .hit npnn an BippdiajJi-that wonld have bein e»tyaordinau if, {thad. nrflpeeded f em any other .persons 1 "ihífn tfidse -w^¿áe iribrédiWe'folly bronchi ihe emergenoy »buW^'1Theif pro'poáéd'to isaua'TreaBuryl botta at three ' d»ya'''8Íg'ht;fpr.|bé "suras' of frorá'oliB'lo Afro pounds^and to i convert' them into* a-.eir t 'ii-niriffno^a pnjaWe almost on demand, with nothing with , -which to pay them'sè mèd to have struck the Go ernm nt," >' and instead of three?davs, T.inety-days was aubathnted. Thia 1 would at any rate çive three mintbs matter, stands.:' "We Have before"na aa unsigned note fur five ' "fóundev ??.*?< . 0..'iuH.: . ..>: .-. I : "."'JThe nate waa'arffttld - a-palpable fraud,-and utterly " valuelêafe. ~ littio provinoH of Southland, , thè.1 reveriuès nf r Southland; the-Tieasorer or" Saperin endent ,of Sjutbland, aira hot bound by them in the least '.Tbey.soWy depend for . 'their legalrvalue on 'the personal, not official, liability of the ' person Bignipif them " , <.???. ..?? ; ' 'rhe Ti'm<«Tthen-shows the illegality of the attempt :to issue Buch paper promises to ply ¡"by ¡quoting the following '-rclBUB^njrHWConBtitntional-Act. ïheeaid-Aot-exjtreBsly 'IK sajafeyIt/shall pot' b>_IawfuV for, the .Buperintendent or 1 Provincial Council, ,to make or, ordain any Jaw or'ordraance for regulating any pf,, tba auront "coin, or the isius of ar>y ihills/ootea, or: other pap^r currency/! . . : - , r , . ' i [Thia no doubi had: bee'n.ppiuted out lo, th« Southland : Government, fur the. notes have never been is;U*ed, arid will not te now,-ED.-.Co'oni'jr, Nelson ] .-. .j.'.. ,* < , .- j Ail the bapda employed op. the railway at Southland are paid of. " ' .. . ,'."' ',i PAIKFDL STATS OT S30TtiLA>'nj-A vessel came in ' to .tPjatonla. ,few_days. ago¿wjth-about "fifty passentjers from , Southland nearly all af whom are reported tobe in a very porerty-fitrcken condition, nuny of them not having a single* [ I pound, anaThot' a few all bat totally des itute. ,v. ' 1. , ^ilTna'M'iiy .Caws'Usn JIILKIUTOS OP HOÍLÁKD;-Thô '.'most really 'píóturesqao'attraction of the scene ia the herd« 'of cattle.-0Thea* are of a native treed-peculiar tb the -. country^ kr.d;from the quantity and quality of their milk, "aa weil-' as ;from the landible. propensity of the beef to -* aceurmla'.e on.'those 'parla that a'e worth' a handsome :s p'ricö 'per'pouid;are gTeatly valued by the people ? ' They. 'are generally of a c ol-bloek hi:o bu*, spotted and attéakea with white in the most cufiörs manner The 'pride wÉioh ,the Hollanders .take in - their catt le ¡B well deVerved and ia f very conByicu'ma1 in -the ca're tboy take of them. The T5íwS"¿re*íéJit~t^ bwa ?I kitchens; and far-neater than some bf them. .The- majority -, ot übe poorer daises tn our country are not acoom-nodated I-with 8Hoh good quart rs. When they are taken to pasture i>'-theîr feetmre oovéred «iib leather shoe«, lest the dampness ' ? vf thè'Boil'sh'oult'cause disease of thatpirt; they are al ways carefally curried, ant brushed, an 1 Wisted, whibs in gammer >"'ihey >'ra"' QJTered 'wita cotton cloths, that they may¡ not ; j autfrr^ from,thea'.ttokiof".those little winged Zouaves thai despoil tis so 6! ten if ('mc night's rost. In, winter they are ^ protéo'ed fr,bm tlfó.cóld'by blanVets. -'On their, way .to the ' ' fi-lds* they] are attend, d by milkmaidens of the -ruddiest '^complexions, who take good eire'that tteir tempers are not 5,. i ufBed^andjSppw thenj ist 'afleet'onate r-gard fbrtneir welfare. _jh¿H_pilajnd^s^h^ Üse raceoj^milkrrmids to dis fiOptt ai-we.Jjaye, .and.one can "hardly, avpid li s'-itucing- a "'rfl'smricholy' cpmpirison'between the present tlme^ond the j'ôld.Mn^hls'rèBpeqt-in'our.'Own CDUn'ry. iJow> great the .i, difference'but'we'ert those who in the dajsof our" ancestors. , : used'tp" darry about the richest of milk in neat little tubB ]çri'theîr.''b:eiid8,ratb|l after their dav's labours were over did '.',' nothing1 but dance w th their sweöthe'ir:s in conconirincirole's 'round' tJpwV-cio'irneoVunijpoles1 and that gouty fellow who ', Blinka round io] ctis'aTjaekdoör in the morning bof-jre llghti I as if ne we're ashamed of himself, nncMetves.a wine qua-t of water and chalk; af terjirst carefully ^halting'it Irr order'to ? mix lt - Eitler, i'ä'l}ofiiän^'cor^fi'''~? '/ . I II.AÎGKKATÇK MAIÎ TITAN, WE-_tKaTOK,-A great sheep farmer, who, tbongh he could.neither read not; write bsd ' nevertheless made a'large' fortune by Bheep-farmiog, was ?' open- toiany.- degree ot', flattery as to his abilities in tbisj Y department of Jabour. . A purchaser knowing his weakness, and anxious to ingratiate himself, into his good graces, I ventured one evening over their wbiskj-toddy.to remark, lam of opinion sir, (bat you are a greater.man thsD even ¿ the-'Duke of. Wellington r' ".Hoot 'toot !'1' replied the; sheep farmer,. mddestly handing' bis heàd with a. pleasing ' 6m'ile,>nd taking a large pinoh of snuff, ' that is too much] too much by far' :by far * ' But his ghost,-after eipi1 Ut- ting for a while jlpbn the great powers of'his boat io'oolleot '_ Log and concentrating in ct Sonthern markst a flock of sheep, i .'put the question,'CJUM thc Duke of Wellington bare done '. that î"l The sheep farmer thought ri little, snuffed, took a glá'sapf todüy, and replljd, «? The Duke of Wellington was,; ,'no doot à very élever, man ; very oîever, I believe. They ? tell me be,was-a good sager; bat then, d've see, be had Irrasoriable men'to deal* with--'captains, and ra; jori, and l.gerierala, that could understand him,' every one of them, j both offioerd and men j but I am nat so sure; after all, If he could manage say twenty ' thousand' sheep, besides black ; cattle, that could.nor, understand one word he said, Gaelio or"Enrflisb and bring every hoof o' them to Fa'kirk Tryat J! , I doot it-I doot. it ; But I have done that 1' J '.' . . TUB DANISH CLERO Y-The .ranish' clergy are to be classed Bimong Xhe. 't underpaid.'" They eke oat their mis ! erable stipends by farming. Some of them, indeed, are very 1 considerable farmers, and their labors are aeon rather, oa \ the facer of the ground than in the Christian deportment of their Edicts* ' The great proof of wealth ia tbs possession of a < large number of COM Í, nnl very often, the Daua in orders' baa : inoré quadrupeds than bipeds: nnder his care They ' are described, : however,, as; a- mild- mannered, 'well educated'set of-men, fond of simple domestic comforts, generally marri d"to very exemplary Wives, equally'free' from pretension, and °ch°erful and ho pitable. Their eggs, bu ter milk, and poultry, Care .-oordUHy {Offered to the " frangir-The-Jutland-olerpy are better paid than the! .'island priests . Ero'ro £,1 <0 English.; with a.house (worth fully half.as m nob more than the same sam in this country) ' to-KSGO, ja the rangs of the value of the benefices. They ' have often great: difficulty in getting their tithes, which depend in.Aal borg and elsewhere, : on the priée of «ora.1 i It is remarkable that noyoung man of hi<;h family ever thinks Il of choosing the Church as a profeBnion in Denmark.! Besides the Chm ch, each-village is provided with a school-house, partly-.eustained by the Government, partly by local o'ntri' ' bâtions, together with a gymnasium for the.use of the boys j of the neighbourhood.'' It is at; the ancient cathedral cburoh j'of Ribe that'they ttll the story, ot Bishop, Peter, who was elevated to: the ermine ia this wise :- The canons of the cathedral on a certain occisión oould not come lo an agree- ment in their-ohoice of a prelate ind in .despair adiressed themselves to a poor t ut notably pious monk, Peter of Raa Ager, begging him to indicate to them an honfat man, and offering to swear that they would aacept his choice. ? Peter consented'ta.nominate the bishop, and said, very ssnsibly.i Since ye, my vt ry good roasters, will have rae, poor simple .mau Anti nm' to a. point your bishop, Peter of Ra*'A ger ehull be thc man. I fauve always heard - that he who bears the'croBB, crosses'first himself.";, "The canons held to their' . pledge," aid Peter proved, a very ;worjhy overaesr.-Dxlilin : . .Uniyfjiiy IVpff.oai.P:u u>¿i"..í>'ic' ??. '..J .,,:t'»' PASSIVE RESISTANCE.-Buckingham went .desperately forward.1' Bent upon the war, into which he had plunged so madly, and by which already he bade broken, up tbeloague whereon he and his creatures had built hitherto, their whole w'defanobFdr all tho misgovernment of the; reign, he applied everything wruBgout by ¡the loan, which, notwithstanding these drawbacks; was aottioconsiderable^to the naval' pre " .paratidn in,hand ; and.to njl advice or complaint'he replied oaly by. fresh Duttago.: By way, of pÙDLshraenh to'Went .wor.th, j he gave old,Pavilo the, promotion ' to whioti his? sert ice in the, last Parliament,,,and, hts present" Bubmls'sion."' well entitled bim ; and hounded bim on to; nola of tyranny in Yorkshire J i He wrote with] MB, otra, hand (o members7 ot i .the.peerage ¡warning.them i.f the constquonces bf refusing" to land He travelled through Buckinghamshire abd Bexl ;fordrhire:to'Ëddeavotirto overawe ref users. TJpoi. sjKplcion cf having Bpokea against, it in Leicestershire^ he I flung his ,'old'friend and right reverend the .ex-lord'keeper into the Tourer i sand for refusing to license,'Slbtliorp'a sermon. he áuapeudeekArahbiabop Abbot. ? But willis ..individuals wore' thus singled out, whole counties, waited, to.be dealt with ; and the'ôdun'oll-tablejwaa fairly at their'"wits' ead.ai the, 'Strugple.stUL'wenton. Tho first step tallen was ti rem ive the prinoinalreensants into .confinement .ia /counties,away from their homes, fr'rn which they ¡were. .ultimately brought up in botches to tho council board, açd remittod theheo ott '. SOfitinued contutnaoy, according to their,'degrees of offence, back to their former confinements,-or,to" various Lon den prisons.c Thus for the present tho Yprkdhire gentry wereT Bent:into K"Jit, "tha Dorsetshire into B ilford, theLuTtdonera (chiefly reottsant aldertnou) into Lancashire, and Yorkshire,' the Lincolnshire into Dorset those from Suffolk and Oom wall into SIHBOX and Somerset, the Norjhampton^hiro;' men into Sditbamp'on and Wiltshire the., Easer^'mf a into North ambtcuBbiref and the men of Bucha into,,Humpsbirs But : willi the second step ot bringing the .refrabtory to ,White \- hall the real difficulties began. lt might"not be dispensed' with, because the . wavering were to be .brought to submis* si' n by the terrors ol the ciuno'l table, ;,lint,it Was found to be impraotioubla. Such numbers were brought np aa at once to »top all business, .and nothing o'.-uld be done. The" prisons filled, yet the crowded passages to the ooonoll board were hot emptied. As maiy aa two hundred of the leading gentry of England lladalilla tell- us, would be in attendance titree days a wick for as many as five br six weeks inces- santly j unable to get their hearing. At last it was dis oovoied that there must be limits to put'tlng the majority of a nation into prison ; selections bad to be nude ; and powtr wdB fain to be ooutent, if, in the earea it was able to retch, ; ' Kg nrm nrirlit bo felt tua more boaruy. -ctr John ÍÍÍIPÍ . / a Bfgrai hy. 