The Worst Ass in Batliurst. The local correspondent of the Empire furnishes us with a graphic ac count of the various funny circumstances attending the performance of : a farce called the " Barrel Brain," in which our old friend, Mr. Fred erick Younge, sustained the principal character. His impersonation was so unusually clever that it not only " elicited roars of laughter from a crowded house, but also got him into the hands ot the lawyers. A criminal information has been filed against him by a Mr. John Wadsworth Ashworth (we give his name in full, so that there may be no mistake about him.) This gentleman alleges that he considers himself the " worst ass " in Bathurst, and complains of Mr. Younge for having borrowed the character. Such is the extent of his annoy ance that, although the rest of the Bathurst folks were unable to : restrain- their laughter, he has got into a serious passion, and means " to have the law " on the actor. We are told that "the fun and mer riment caused by the entertainment was most innocent and inoffensive, which is frilly proved by the fact that most of the aldermen were pres ent, and -treated the matter as a well-timed joke." Mr. Ashworth, however; takes a very different view of the matter from his brother aldermen. In his deposition he swears that the farce was " calculated to disturb, molest, and disquiet me, and to traduce, scandalise, and -vilify me, and to provoke me to a breach of the peace." If such were tho natural and probable effect of the farce, it must have been a very extraordinary one. We never heard before of a man returning from the play, and asserting that the farce had " disturbed, molested, dis quieted, traduced, scandalised, vilified, and provoked him to a breach of the peace." There is an amount of concentrated tragedy involved in these direful words that leads us to imagine that the " Barrel Brain " must have been what is termed a sensational drama of the first water. Mr. Pepper's celebrated Ghost could never have exercised such a ter rible influence on the mind of the most sensitivo of aldermen. So that Mr. Younge has let himself in for a criminal prosecution; and will have to hold up his hand at the bar to answer for the perpetration of a '-'scandalous, malicious, and wicked libel, in contempt of Our Sovereign Lady the Queen and her laws," and will then and there be " dealt with according tolawJ' This is the first time, Mr. Punch imagines, that one of the most popular of our comedians has circulated a li- bel in stead of a play-bill, but he is convinced that his friend the A. G. will give it as his opinion that the bill won't lie. He reads with great satisfaction that "as soon as the initiatory proceedings at the Police Court became known, it was resolved to telegraph to Mr. Younge, giving him to 'to understand that a subscription was on foot' to defray his expenses to Bathurst, and that his company would be invited to return to Bathurst, to repeat the performance,"' and pronounce the people of Bathurst to be jolly fine fellows. : , 