[iii Engraving of the ihooting of Sergeant Parry, by Gilbert, '- is unavoidably i- ; hrtd over till next mouth.] _ CHRISTMAS! Ov «ll commémorant! seasons, commend us to merry CHRIST MIS. We want nd-^storical criticism in the ¡premises : it is enough that the a^j^edent idea (disenthralled from dim dogmas .aj^onr^ties)^^:^ us the imaged and humanized type of . rn ! ? . "7 , ... i. Divine goodness. J Who questions the authority of its official investiture ?-who refuses;'Iiis part in the universal homage? Hail to its adyjènt !Memory and hope-the past and the future-blend iii; its promise of man's immortality. Yes, we shall celebrate filions of Christmases yet unnumbered,-where, we know nofc^lbüt somewhere certainly. Sensation, self-motion, intelligence, power, BOUI, spirit, individuality, know no pause have endless existence. Thought of thoughts !-thrilling with sublimity I 'Christmas' is one of the most exhilarating of all the religious ideas of the age-rit.is, in fact, the initial idea, robed in the primal lights of our faith.. It it eminently and essentially Christian : its persuasive, illuminating, and moral influences point us to gladness as well as purity. Hail to its advent ! leaping over every barrier, winch arbitrary rules have, created between the classes, laughing aristocratical frowns out of all countenance, melting the glaciers from alpine heights.into grace- ful luxuriance for slopes and valleys, kindling in all hearts kindred emotions, and giving additional impetus to a progressive world. See how it levels restrictive distinctions born of the dust, dividing and balancing human power ! Instinct with high and holy thoughts and god ike. motives, it breathes on our common humanity, and lo ! we leap from oxir mang rs, discharge our missions, endure our Gethsemanes, brave our crosses, and mount into glory ! Wc joy in wishing the sovereign People a * merry Christmas !' Resp nds the fraternity, 'So mote it be!' The twenty-fifth proximo will, be the issue of eighteen hundred- and sixty-four ancestral worthies, all flowing into it rife with hallowed reminis-. cences. The family 'tree' already protrudes its foremost branches into the dawn of its twentieth century. In the twilight of the eve of the age departing we hear the stroke of the passing hour by Nature's timepiece-'What is't o'clock!' and where- fore should not the watchmen cry out, ' All's well /' What are the present characteristics, the forms, hues, proportions, ex- pressions, impulses, influences ?-what can be said of the popular phases of human development ?-what of the march of mankind to freedom ? The Western World responds witlvbugles, fifes, and drumSj^and blood-stained banner-folds. Martial music is pleasant enough if it be not over the dead and dying, with mournful cries of widows and orphans. 'Christmas' in battle-fields ?-rather say Devilmass ! What report from expatriated Poles in Siberian chains?-what from Hungarian patriots cowering in the shadows of mosques ?-what from defeated Danish valour, where 'might is right ?'-what of Napoleon and Garibaldi ? Are we not * loyal with all due fealty to happy 'Christmas,' albeit we sympa- thise with brothers of other lands whose sorrows circle the day therewith gloom? Thoughts get entangled, perforce, with foreign idealities, and one link, leads to another, extending through- out the chain : man must philosophize. Hence, we enquire, What is the world volunteering in arms for- what can it mean ? Magnifying and minifying glasses fail our enquiring vision ! It is very puzzling ! We know that all space is eccentric with ideas-as well as all Europe ; but who can discover them ? Earnest speculation is lost in multitudinous nebulae. We cannot distinguish the stars on either side of our focus. AU is bewilderment ! We have heard that boys from the bottom of a well have seen stars at noonday. Let us, therefore, go down into tho solemn depths of nature to seek an observatory. Our readers will not be surprised by the doctrine of nervous influence oxtending from every man's centre to his electric periphery. They know the physical relation we bear to voltaic nature. There is further philosophy.-We possess amore subtle substance within called mind-spirit. Perhaps it resembles the primum mobile, in that it is supposed to act through the medium of elec- tricity on grosser matter. Let those who are reckless of the affluence of intellectual power-whofhave never calculated its cubic greatness, as capable of an infinite expansion-content them- selves with Egyptian papyri, and. study the alphabet of nations. We rather prefer that Volume whereof all recognised sciences are but the preface. We really do believe in the growth of man. Not that we would be understood to object to our share of the spoils of the past. We love to play with the very same marbles which so much amused the ancient philosophers ; admire the. recent return to fashion of classical beards j and often converse with the ghosts of antiquity j-but our genius, such as it is, is germane to onward tendencies. We obey the tnunpet-call to the future which sounds in our ears. While celebrating a ' Christmas ' of Railways, Telegraph Wires, and Aeronauts, we cannot look backwards. It is true that we are not yet navi- gating the ocean of atmosphere-not yet taking our breakfast in Sydney, dinner in London, and supper iu Palestine. We have been toomuch flurried with commerce, finance, and electioneering: , but see what the next Parliament will in its wisdom bring forth. Speramvs meliora ! ONE consolitary symptom {anticipated) of the season is the liberal manner with which our#patrons will reciprocate with us the felicities foreshadowed. Those magical letters £. s. d. have a cheering influence. The courteous reader willUnderstand us. The stern realities of life are not so flexible in our hands as marble is said to have been in the hands of Michael Angelo ; nor can we, like the Abyssinian, dine on a quivering slice from the haunch of an? stray ox we chance to meet. We require more genial meair of support, and expect them only in ratio with the acknowj id worth of our undertaking. To say the least, The Illustra. Sydney Neirs evinces a laudable spirit of enterprise, and we wish to enlarge its sphere of patriotism. Our unity of idea and aim with colonial arts and sciences merits peculiar consideration-not only its actualities, but also its possibilities, of enhancing the pleasures of intellect, taste imagination, and mental culture. Every increase of means will increase our efforts still in the right direction, and no amount of honest expenditure shall ever be spared where assets quadrate with liabilities. We have it in contemplation to strengthen our literary and scientific staff;-will our incomings justify the movement ? Let the public determine. 