OCR MFECAXTILE STEAM MARINE. TUE colony of New South Wale*, al- though forming but part of a great whole in the system of Australian colonisation, occupies so prominent a position ta the commercial relations of the world as to constitute its chief port, Sydney, the principal depot for the surrounding co an tries. Although it has a powerful rival in that of Melbourne with whom to share this honour, yet the harbour of Port Jackson, from its geographical posi- tion, great dimensions, safety, and small tidal influence, makes it a natural do k, requiring but little improvf- ment t-a faci- litate its usefulness : and which is fur- ther increased by the proximity of the coal fields of the Hunter Hiver district on the north, and those of Wollongong and Bulli on the couth, affording advan- tages of a ready supply of fuel for the use of steam vessels, forges, factories, aud manufactures requiring a large con- sumption. These facilities, together with the geographical features of the country, have contributed and necessitated tfte means of establishing a steam marine of such proportion in number and tonnage as to bear comparison with many of the principal port« of Europe, of which the majoritr belong to the port of Sydney, engaged in the commerce of a coast line ¡ along the Australian continent, from j George's Sound on the souti-weut, aUbg j the colonies of Sooth Australia, Victoria, New South Wales, and Queenaland ; on ita north-eastern coast to the Pioneer Biter, the most di*tar.t port. The navi- gable rivers ore traversed br Tewels of a peculiar construction, suited to the shoal and narrow channels of the inland waters,, acting as feeders to the aea-goiug vea*ela spreading the irfl uenoo of trade aa tar at the alienes will allow. The number, tonnage, at >d power of these véasela mo engaged, «mi connected wi l= the port of Sydney, art as follows : Tho Au«tr»1«*>*ii Anni J>'<njt»ti "i Gu... 2t fflareuoe end K. B. S- V Coinjuuij . Q Ularara fi. K. Company . 4 I Kew Hunter R. 8. V. Cotapstiy. 4 i Individual propriété» end others. il , Sold io «lier ftart* .. 4 y*e«Bs.te,!f.8.W. . * 11\. E. Mail Campen; (Ve« jutland ilu'l), ¡ priacipal orpé*, ärdnsy. H P. mai O. 8. N. Company (mail eerrtor), 1 principal depot, Srdnej. 9 London (»stied m). U Calcutta . 1 Hcl bourne. J Hobart Toms . 1 Queensland .,.,. 3 New Zealand. % Total. Î05 Total tonnage (gross registèi) . 35.3*7 tons. Total nome ¡tower of engins* . 9,363 That thia fleet of véasela (combining as they do all the requisite (qualifications of condition and power to insure safely, confidence, and that rapidity of transit which commerce requires) contributes to thc trade, wealth, and importance to the port, is unnecessary to comment upon, and necessitates the establish- ment of extensive docks, and engineer- ing works, in which the most expensive tools and machinery of such various sizes and uses are provided, as to meet every emergency of accident to which machinery ts subject, and by their number to represent a very considerable capital, and constitute the port of Sydney the centre of marine engineer- ing throughout Australasia, and thc dépôt to which steam vessels from all parts concentrate to receive new boilers, docking, and that general restoration of machinery periodically required. The very common use of iron, superseding that of wood, in the construction of vessels, has made it necessary to iutM-ease the cajiabilities of the several ?establish- ments to expedite repairs in instances re- quiring sui-h assistance. The doeks and principal engineering works of the port of Sydney are as fol- low«: Thc Fitzroy Dock, belonging to thc Government, situate at the penal establishment of Cockatoo Inland, is capable of taking in vessels of the largest tonnage. The worktops ad- joining are supplied with a lar-je class of thc best tools, steam-hammers, ready for immediate URO. &c.; The Waterview Dock is very largely used in docking thc vessels engaged in the mail service, and those belonging to several local companies and proprietors, j and is capabio of taking in the largest class of fhips. Adjoining arc ship- wright and eu^ineeriu^ works, large shears for masting purposes, and evcry requisitc for the repair of vessels in the several branches to which they apply. This dock and works form part of the establishment of Mr. John Cuthbert, the ship-builder of Darling Harbour ; the engineering department beinR a branch of the firm ot' Messrs. P. N. iiusscîl sud Co. Its proximity to Sydney, and the regular eouiuiuniv&tion; by an established steam ferry, gives great facility for ex- peditious repair, painting, &c.; The floating dock in Darking Harbour is ch.e3y used in docking sailing vessels and small steamers, and is capable of floating a vessel of about 500 tons. The ship dock and works of the Australasian Steam Navigation Company ia a most complete establishment for the construc- tion of iron steam vessels, large power boilers and heavy machinery, profiled with steam hammers for heavy forging, large lathes, and all requisite tools f IT the construction or restoration ofengiues of large dimensions. Thc slip-dock is capable of taking up, separately, two vessels of about 1,<XX> tons each. At these work?, four iron vessels have lately been built, and the engine* made under tho management of Mr. Thomas M'Arthur, the Company's Superintend- ing Engineer, adapted to the peculiar requirements of shoal river navigation, one of which was a gunboat built for the New Zealand Government, fitted with »hot proof towera, which has done service, and takes a very prominent posi- tion in the history of the present New Zealand war. Thc vessels are of large dimensions to ensure a light draught of water. At present they have in course of construction au irou vessel for sea voyages of about ISO feet in length by 24 feet in breadth, for which engine« are being made of 80-horse power, on the hi;;h pressure expanded and surface condensation principie. Thc building of such a vessel, of iron, in the colon}' is a great event, and is expected to bear comparison, iu quality and cost, with tho.*© imported, as w«!i at giving facili- ties for the establishment of such a cus- tom as msy extend to vedarla of larger dimensions. The use of wool in the building of steam vessels, for which the timber of the country is admirably suited, being of a very durable nature, gives consider- able facilities for such a purpose. Mr. John Cuthbert has lately built two screw steam vessels of about 200 tons burden each, one paddle-wheel, tug vessel, newly launched, and has another on the slocks *.50 feet long. The engineering works of, Messrs. P. N. Ru-welî and Co. are very extensive, and well supplied with a large plant of the newest tools and machinery, with every requisite for thc construction of powerful engine«, boilers, eastings, and forgings. The branch establishment at the Waterview Bay Dock affuvds every convenience for repair of stettu vessel«. This firm have built several iron vowels for the navigation of the rivers of New Zealand, and hare been very successful in the construction of the boilers and machinery for others. The engine work« of Mr. Joseph Mather are of a similar nature, although not »a extensive, and are constantly en- gaged in the erection of machinery and boilers. In addition to those already described, there are several less extendive works occupied in connection with ateam véa- sela distributed throughout the city, such as engineers, founders, pattern- makers, boiler-makers, coppersmiths, blacksmiths, shipwrights, joiner», pain- ters, and labourer», which, if taken col- lectively, in addition to the number of persons regularly eagased st the several worin, together with the larg« _____ _ r.jtJjEJj1 . number eui ploro J tn navigation mi on the different wharves and dock», will prove our «te*m fleet, independent of ita commercial convenience*, auch an acquisitiiiM aa to eontribute materially to the general benefit twt.l wealth ot iii« pori of Sydney, as well as being a repre- sentative of its com inercia! importance. A Smocii* STOUT-á strange «torr it told in connection with the report ot thc nmrder mt j sea on board of tb« barque " Pontiac," of hirer pool, by Otan ïioystoâ, a Greek sailor, now ts 1 ciutodr in Edinburgh. We do nf* know ¡ whether the particular» we are about to relate 1 hare come out in the investqration, but undoubt- 1 edle they harr a strong bearing on the «K, and i make it probable (hst, hot for tb* halluatiatiofl of om» of Ore crew-not tita Orara sailor-the [ murder would not lea*« tis opened. It may be i remembered that on the 131 h of OctoVr last, j (ire divs after the " Pontiac " left Gehan, Jean ; Moyato* murdered one of ht* feflow-sesruen, and ! ttablted another in such a dangerous manner j Ui st his lits was despaired of. Two night« before the fatal oa urreiioa, the mate of tb« ' "Pontiac" was standing near the mat* at the | beim, no other person being on the quarter- deck at the time, when the latter, I iu grest terror, called out, " What ir that ! near the cabin doorF" Ti ie mate replied j that he saw nothing, ana looked about to ace \ if any one was near; hot be failed to discover j moy person. ll>e steersman then naen tern- j Bed, seid Ute figure lie ssw waa that of a «trenne looking man of ehostly appearance, i and almost immediate!? afterward* exclaimed, j " There he is again, stand Tig at lite captain's j window." Tlie mate, though in view of the ! captain's window, saw no figure near it nor at ; any other (nit of the quarterdeck, th<i«g1i be ] looked round and ronna. Neat day th« report ; went from one to the other that a ghost was j oo board, which filled tome of the sn ¡lora with j alarm, while oilier« made a jesî of it- Nert : night a boy (a «tosa»»;) wa« so dreadful!; j slirme.t in his bunk by something lie «aw or fett (we do not know which) that he cried i ont so loudly ag to waken all the seamen ia j bed. The boy waa sure it «ss the shout aeon the previous night that had frightened hiin, an i i others of more roulure yeurs were inclined to think so too. Perhaps tn 're Vim one half of those on board believed that aotnething auper nstural was on board, and tlist come calamity was about to happen. But th*re were two on board who did not believe thc ghost etorit», and : these were the men who was murdered nnd his companion who wn« sluhbed. Hie former joked with the hov about thc ghost, ani said lie would li»vc hi* knife well sliarprnrd and ready for the ghost if it appeared the nest night. Ile would gire it a rub and "chuck " j it overboard. The Sutler joined in the joke, j saving he also would help "lo do" for the' ghost, and others said they would have letters i ready for the ghost to carry to their friends in the other world. Jean Moyatoa o veril tard : »hit nae said as to «tabbing and tlii-owing over- board, and in consequence of hil imperfect knowledge of thc Knglish language, and haring previously supposed títere was a combination against him, thought that threats were made against him, and therefore resolved to protect himself. A few hours after the jesting we have briefly explained took pince, he stabbed tije two men who principally carried on the jest, with that fatal result known. Tin? murder, a» might ; he exjiectcd, Hied every one on board with horror ; and the terror of the sailors, who ba- li red tin r¿ wa« a ghost ou board, was over j whelming. At night, whether in bed or on j watch on deck, they had great dread, which was j heightened hy reports that strange noises were j beard below. Not even at the end of the voy I a*e it*ti the f.-ar been overcome, fur after the j ship was moored in thc dock two of the crew, j who had agreed to sleep on board, became so ] j frightened after their companions were paid off, j that they refused to remain in the vessel at I night.-ScoUmaa. 