THE SCHLESWIG-HOL STEIN DIFFICULTY. The Duchy of Holstein may now be considered to have passed entirely out of the hands of the Danes. Not only have the royal troops retired beyond the Schleswig frontier, but the officials engaged in the local administration have either been obliged to follow them or to acknowledge the Prince of Auguslonburg, nnd conduct thou 1 business in his name. The Federal execution has led to the transfer of the Ducal throne to tho new claimant. As the Danish troops retire the party favorable to him engage actively in the work of revolution, and even those who do not favor a change think it well to acquiesce in a cause which is evidently supported by tho whole German Federation. Prince Frederic actually remains on Holstein soil after having caused himself to be proclaimed in defiance of the as sertion of the Diet that tho decision rests entirely with them; yet, though he thus takes tho matter into his own hands, n motion requesting him to leave tho Duchies is rejected nt Frankfort, and the Diet conse quently accepts a complicity in Iris acts. At tho sitting of tho Federal Diet on 2nd January, a motion, introduced by Baron Kubeck, the Austrian minister, and the President of the Diet, to tho effect that the hereditary Prince of Augustenburg should be immediately summoned to leave the Duchies, was lost by 9 to 7. By this decision the Diet indirectly ac knowledges the Duke’s title to the Duchies. The Austrian and Prussian Governments, alarmed at this indication of tho growtli of a “ third Power" in Ger many, formed out of tho petty States, proposed to the Diet to allow them to invade Schleswig, not as instru ments of the Diet, but as great Powers. The Diet refused, and Vienna and Berlin instantly intimated that they could not permit tho Diet to become aggres sive, that they took the matter into their own bauds, nnd that they would themselves invade Sciricswig. Alluding to tho advance of tho Austrian and Prussian troops, the special correspondent of the Times says:— What was contemplated was merely a national war be tween the Duchies nnd Denmark, which should decide upon whom the sovereignty * of Schleswig-Holstein should devolve. "Whatever friends Denmark might be able to enlist in. her cause, the Duchies felt sure of tho support of all Germany in a quarrel which involved, as they thought, universal German interests. But now tho two great Powers of Prussia and Austria, making up between them much more than two-thirds of the might of Germany, take the affair into their own hands, aud occupy the Duchies with views not altogether friendly to Denmark, but no less nt variance with those, of tho Frankfort Diet and of tho generality of the German people. With Austria aud Prussia there is no question either of nationality or of disputed succession. They are not ilnprcpared to recognise the integrity of tho Danish monarchy; nay, they are in a certain man ner pledged to support it; only they think themselves entitled, nnd oven obliged, to meddle with the internal affairs of the Danish Government, and demand tho repeal of a constitution which tho King, perhaps, deemed necessary to the safety and well-being of his State. / •A letter from Stockholm of the 19th says :—“ The feeling here against the Gorman confederation, and especially against Prussia nnd Austria, lias increased to such an extent that the Government cannot but net upon it. Everywhere meetings arc being held to sign addresses requesting the Government to prevent by every means tho success of the attack in contemplation against our Scandinavian brothers of Denmark. Com mittees are being formed in the principal cities of the kingdom, for the purpose of receiving national subscrip tions intended for the formation and arming of corps of volunteers, who will march to the support of the Danish nation. Perhaps they have not sufficiently con sidered yet nt Vienna and Berlin the opposition to bo met with on the part of Sweden.” “ So surely,” says the Post of the 26th January, “ ns the Germans cross the Ryder, so surely will they array against them the arms of England ; so certainly will they find the soldiers of France presently moving on the Rhine, and tho forces of Italy ou the Venetian frontier. Wo cannot too often repeat tho names of Hungary and Poland. The statesmen of Austria and Prussia treat them ns if they were more Pepper’s ghosts, instead of being earnest solid nations, eager to rise, and to fight for freedom nnd independence. Cala mity upon calamity will surely fall upon tho authors of this war if ouce it is brought about. We, therefore, while there is yet time, seek most anxiously lo impress upon the German governments the fearful extent of tho responsibility which they seem so ready to assume. The pence of Europe, upon which the prosperity and well-being of all depend, is a sacred trust chiefly com mitted to the bauds of tho great Powers, If by them it is violated and destroyed, those who perpetrate the crime will have to pay tho penalty. Aggression and tyranny will he defeated and punished, and those who shed blood in a wanton and unjust quarrel will find that in the last reckoning they themselves will bo chief sufferers." Wo road in tho Times: —“Wo have reasoned on the supposition that Prussia and Austria, urged on by tho German patriots, refuse to listeu to the remonstrances which will bo offered anew by the chief European Powers, Wo trust it will bo found possible to unite Franco, Russia and Sweden with Great Britain in a pressing request that tbo two Powers will refrain from attacking tho Danish positions at the Danncwerk. It the collision can bo delayed for a time, there may bo still hope of avoiding war. In favor of this chance, it may be said that tho thaw and the activity of the Danish gcnoral have given the defenders so many advan tages, that it is unlikely any prudent commander will attack them without a very considerable preponderance of force. This preponderance can only bo obtained after the lapse of some little time. The Prussians and Austrians are only just making thoir wav to the scene of action, and some time longer must be neces sary for the transport of supplies nnd munitions of war. With the telegraph and railway, tho European Governments can communicate with each other, nnd resolve on common action before tho Prussians .and Austrians have carried theiv aggressions to the length of shedding blood. No means should bo neglected to prevent so great a calamity, It may be that tho two powers are not indisposed, rftir all, to come to terms, and that, having maintained their dignity by refusing delay to Denmark, they may be willing to acquiesce in it when it is by European opinion. In that case, things may still go well; but it is evident that a single false step at this crisis may lead to very serious events.” Hamburg, 24th January.—Mysterious rumors are in circulation hero of serious conflicts between the in habitants in several towns and villages in Holstein and the Prussian troops ; the latter hating in some places been hooted and hissed in passing through; whilst in other's the inhabitants, supported by their local authorities, flatly refused to give them quarters for the night or food, even on payment. 