THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1861 Tho progress of the war in New Zea- land continues to bp entirely satisfac- tory. The advance of General CAMERON into tlie enemy's country has hitherto met with no check since the fall of Ran gariri. The vigorous steps taken by the General to follow up his successes, even more than the capture of the Wai- kato stronghold and the occupation of the royal villago of Ngaruawahia, aeom to have struck a panic into the hearts of tbo Maories; and it is now probable that the -war will close without any further' stand being made by the insur gents. The great tribe of the Waikatos, beaten and disheartened, are already suing for peace through their foremost chief, WILLIAM THOMPSON. The King ites have been dispersed, and the King is a fugitive. What is of more import- ance still, the tribes are no longer under the influence of a common feeling of nationality, but are divided among them- selves. The Waikatos are incensed against the Ngatimaniopotos for desert- ing them in their hour of need, and are not indisposed to join us in punishing their faithless countrymen. The rest of the tribes do not appear inclined for any further trial of strength with the Pake has j and the chiefs of the populous native district of Napier have already sent in their submission to the Govern- ment. The Ngatimaniopotos alone, who inhabit the country on the western coast between Kawhia harbour and Taranaki, may be said to "be the only enemy actually in .the field, and their subjuga- tion cannot be a work of much difficulty to the powerful force now under the command of General CAMERON. It is gratifying to perceive that the measures taken by the local Govern- ment to preserve the future peace of the colony, partake of the energetic spirit in which the General has con- ducted his short and brilliant campaign. The influence of the philo-Maori and peace-at-all-price party, is scarcely per- ceptible in the new policy which is being pursued by the local Government. Even Governor GREY is said to have abandoned, at the earnest remonstrances of the General, his original feeble purpose of permitting the Maories to retain their arms. A general disarmament is to be insisted upon as an essential prelimi- nary to peace ; and there is power enough in the hands of the General to enforce such a decree The lesson we have already taught the Maories would be incomplete were wo to leave them means of raising another such insurrec- tion as that we have quelled. Other measures for preserving the peace of the colony are about to be adopted, of the success of which there can hardly be a reasonable doubt. The disturbers of the QUEEN'S supremacy will be made to pay for the trouble' they have .occa- sioned, after that plain and simple fashion which will carry certain con- viction to the Maori mind. The makers of the war are to fur- nish the cost-the shedders of blood pay the legal blood penalty, as under- stood both by English and by Maori law. The forfeiture of the conquered lands is indispensable for the pacifica- tion of the Northern Island ; and the most fanatical advocate of Maori claims will hardly deny that we have now acquired a perfectly legal right to do what we please with the territory of the beaten enemy. The exercise of such a right need not be attended with any hardship to individuals, -or want of generosity to the enemies who have fairly fought us, and have been fairly conquered in the field. In extinguish- ing the tribal right, we need not refuse to acknowledge the rights of individuals ; and it is certain that even those who have been taken prisoners of war, will receive every possible consideration that a sense of humanity can suggest. They have chosen their lot, however, and they cannot grumble at the dispensation. The lands hitherto occupied by the insurgent natives aro enormously in excess of their requirements ; and their possession by us is indispensable to the advancement of the colony, as well as to the true interests of the Maories them- selves. It was impossible that the British authority could be maintained, and the resources of the Northern Island developed, so long as four-fifths of all the richest agricultural soil remained a wilderness, in the occupation of a handful of half-savages, who could not, if they would, cultivate and turn to use a hundredth part of their property. The difficulty has now been solved by the action of the Maories themselves, and it will bo our own fault if there is another war of races in New Zealand. The policy of confiscation is not only expedient, but just and laudable, if the peace of the island is to be maintained ¡ and we are glad to perceive that the local Government is at last thoroughly awake to the duties which the war has imposed upon it. The victorious march of General CAMERON has thrown into our hands the whole of the rich Waikato valley, lying along the banks of two navigable rivers, every acre ol which probably is fit for the plough, when cleared of timber. On the eastern coast, also, all the fertile country watered by the estuary of the Thames, and extending to the Bay of Plenty on one side, and to Eoto-rua, the de- lightful region of the lakes and hot springs, on the other, has come into out possession through the fortune of war. Proper means have been taken to pre- serve and utilise the fruits of the war, bj the formation of military settlements on the conquered lands, and any feeling oi sentiment which we may have in favoui of the former proprietors must give wa] to the obvious desirability of extending British colonization southward over th< beautiful forests and valleys of th< Northern Island. It is a little hard perhaps, that the bravo Waikatos shoulc suffer the chief penalty of the insur rection, but it is hardly wortl our while to prptract the wa merely that wo may include thi other tribes in their punishment. A the same time, the work of subjugatioi can scarcely be said to be completed si long as any considerable body of Maorie is able to keep the field, in defiance o the British authority, It is absolutel; necessary for both the European and thi Maori that the whole island should b brought under the QUEEN'S dominion and the Ministry of Messrs. WHITTAKEI and Fox is clearly right in insisting tha no terms shall be made with the Maorie so long as any of the tribes remain ii open rebellion. A porfect subjugatioi of the entire race of Maories i the only guarantee for a lasting peac in New Zealand j and the more euee tually the work is done now, the mor bloodless will our path be in futur* There is not room in the island for double authority, but there is ampi field for the Maories as well as for th Europeans, to live peacefully together a one race and one people. It would be a great calamity if th Maori race, -with all its rare and high qualities, were to perish altogether j and the best chance of its preservation and of ita ultimate amalgamation with our own people, lies in a conquest so decided and thorough as to leave no further question of rivalry between the two races. Mining is the largest industrial in- terest yet developed in Victoria, and in the success of the miners we are all more or less concerned. It is satisfac- tory, therefore, that we can look back cheerfully to the results of the mining operations, as a whole, carried on during the past year, and hopefully to those which we expect to achieve during the year on which we have entered. The gold-fields aro still tho groat source of our wealth, and when we turn to thein we find that they have been almost as productive in 1863 as they were in 1862. Twelve months ago, the rush to New Zealand was proceeding in full vigour. The poorer fields of this colony were deserted for those of the lakes in the district of Otago, and appre- hensions were entertained that the exodus of the miners would tell seriously upon the yield of the Vic- torian mines. The result has been, however, that large quantities of New Zealand gold have been sent to Mel- bourne, in exchange for commodities, and to swell our exports of the precious metal j while the returns from our own fields have scarcely fallen below those obtained in the previous year. If we reckon with the exports for 1863 the quantity shipped on the first day of the present year-which clearly belongs to the produce of 1863-we find that the ex- port of gold for the past year falls short of that of 1862, in round numbers, by only some twenty thousand ounces. The Treasurer's tables of revenue show that, while the amount of gold-ex- port duty collected during the quarter ending December, 1862, was £36,152, the sum obtained from that source dur- ing tho corresponding period of 1863 was not less than ¿£30,221, although the duty in the first of these periods waa 2s. an ounce, and in the latter Is. 6d. only. That the yield should have been so well maintained is the more striking when we find that the comparatively small ex- port of gold from New South Wales was less in 1863 by over 160,000oz. than it was in the previous year, and that the gold-fields of Otago-comparatively new as those fields are-have already shown signs of exhaustion. Nor is the comparison which may be drawn be- tween the mines of Victoria and those of New South Wales and New Zealand found less favourable to this colony when the subject is closely looked into. Wo owe the excellent yield obtained in 1863 less to the discovery of now fields than to systematic working of the old mines, both alluvial and quartz. We depend little upon new rushes. A Sebastian or a Raywood may be dis- covered, but the escort returns show that the great bulk of the precious metal is obtained from the old fields, where mining is prosecuted steadily by the help of capital and machinery. Nor are the prospects presented on these old fields in any degree discouraging. The discoveries in the alluvial in and around Ballarat, show that we are still far from living ascertained the number and extent of the leads which traverse the soil deep under the basaltic rocks ; while the experience of the Ajax and Hustler's companies proves that the quartz of Castlemaine and Bendigo-like that of every other district of the colony-will afford pro- fitable labour for many years to come. We enter bn a new year, however, with excellent prospects before us as regards the produce of gold. A field, which promises to be tho richest, as well as the largest, yet opened in Victoria, has only been commenced upon. The Jordan, Donelly's Creek, Gaffney's Creek, and Woodspoint, are but the first names on the map of a new mining dis- trict for which the Minister of Mines has yet to find a name. The Waverley, the Sir Walter Scott, the All Nations, and the Locbfine reefs, rich as theyiare, are but the forerunners of many as rich yet to be developed. The country in which these new diggings are situated is moun- tainous, and so covered with scrub as to be difficult to traverso and hard to prospect. But the spirit of enterprise which characterises the miners of this colony will overcome these obstacles, and with the. gradual introduction of machinery, an increased yield of gold will be obtained from the mines of the Dividing Range, which will more than compensate for a falling-off in other places. Moro attention is also being given to the means of saving gold in the quartz-mills on all the older gold-fields. There is little likelihood, I therefore, that the yield of the mines ' of this colony will fall much, if at all, for years to come, below that of 1863. The miner, however, is not now ex- clusively engaged in the search for gold. The commencement which has been made in silver-mining at St. Arnaud is encouraging. No great quantity of silver has been shipped as yet, but that metal will figure in tho export returns of 1864\. The extraction of the silver from the quartz has hitherto been retarded by a variety of causes, the chief of which has been want of experience in the treatment of the oro. Euro- pean or American systems are of little value tero. The ore exists in a shape altogether peculiar. In some instances, its ascertained characteristics are such as to render useless the ordinary Mexican methods of separating the ore from the matrix, while in other cases the peculiar mixture of metals renders the Friburg process still more objec- tionable. In the course of timo, no doubt these difficulties will be got over. The ores exist in abundance, and science will not be always baffled in their treat- ment. Good results have already been obtained by somo of tho processes adopted, and experience will gradually make these more perfect. Enough has been done to show that silver will hereafter constitute one of the staple products of Victoria, Less success than could have boen desired has attended the efforts made during the year to developo the coal- fields of the colony. Considerable sums have been spent in the Western District, and in the neighbourhood of Welshpool, in boring in likely localities ; but, so far, the operations have been un- successful. At Cape Paterson, also tho most hopeful attempt yet made to open a workable mino has ended in loss to the spirited company by whom the works there were undertaken. Coal undoubtedly exists, but the difficul- ties of getting it to market are at present insurmountable. It cannot be carried overland to Melbourno, and it cannot be shipped at a profit, because tho coast is too much exposed, and no shipping facilities exist. These diffi- culties, however, aro capablo of re- moval. To develope the coal will be a work of time, but the material is so necessary to au industrial community that we cannot contemplate the possi- bility of the search for available seams being discontinued, or such seams, when found, being left unworked. It is the opinion of competent geologists, experi- enced in the coal measures, that the fine veins of New South Wales are identical in age and characteristics with those of Northumberland. They have been ob- tained at comparatively small depths in the sister colony and in Tasmania, and there is no good reason why we should despair of finding them here. The depth of the deepest bore at Cape Paterson is so insignificant that it offers no evidence as to the true character of our coal deposits ; and that workable veins have been found close to the surface is cer- tainly no reason for supposing that still moro valuable beds will not bo found at a greater depth. This is a search which Government has encouraged, and which it will do well to promote with a still larger measure of help. In other directions, preparations for mining adventure are not wanting. The slate of the Moorabool has been intro- duced in the market, and if it is proved to be durable, it will, no doubt, take the place of the Welsh article. Castlemaine furnishes flagging which will reader im- portations from Caithness unnecessary. Preparations are going on for working the lignite or brown coal at Lal Lal, of which there is an enormous deposit. It has been found to yield a large quan- tity of gas, and is likely to bo used ex tensively in the furnaces of the mining districts as wood becomes more scarce. Little advantage has been taken of the clays of the colony during tho year, and proposals for the establishment of potteries have not received the attention they deserve. It is evident, however, that before 1864 has far advanced, pottery will be numbered among our local industries, though the fiist attempts will probably be made on a small scale. The attention which the district of M'lvor received some twelvo or fifteen months ago has not been with- out its fruits. The export of antimony is increasing. The demand for it in England grows larger, and works for raising the mineral in large quantities are approaching completion. We may remark, in conclusion, that much of the distrust which at one time attached to all mining adventure, has passed away. »Substantial progress in mining was made during the past year, and the experience gained will go far to further the legitimate development of the mineral resources of the colony in the future. Much may be done by the assistance of Parliament, and there is every reason to suppose that tho Legislature will be asked, early in the coming session, to remove some at least of tho causes which have hitherto op- pressed mining adventure. The match between the All-England Eleven and the Twenty-two of Ballarat waa brought to a close yesterday afternoon a little before four o'clock, and the result was a vic- tory for the Englishmen ia one innings, and with twolve runB to Bparo. Tho total of the eleven was 188, while that of the Twenty-two, in both inning?, was 176. Willa was tho highest scorer for Ballarat yesterday, with a ^ ell-got thirty-two. At the closo of tho gamo a sirjgle-wicket match was played between Grace and Tarrant on the one side, and eight of tho best of the Victorian players on the other. The result was an undoubted victory for tho two members of the English team. Grace, who went in first, made eleven, while Tarrant made ninoj total, twenty. To assist them in the field, the Englishmen had only one man-J. Cox. They disposed of their opponents for cloven runs, or as many as wero made by Grace alone. The next match the English team play is a three days' one, at Ararat, beginning with to-day. The members of the Medical Society of Victoria last night unanimously adopted a protest against the curricula of studies di- rected for candidates for medical and surgical degrees at the University of Melbourno ; and a deputation was appointed to wait upon the council of tho university and present the document. One of the principal reasons urged against the curricula is, that the time required to finish a course of medical and surgical tuition is considerably longer at the University of Melbourne than at any of the first schools of medicine in the United Kingdom. A meeting on the subject of the propo3ed re-v«4val and extension of transportation to Australia has been called for this day, at three o'clock p.m., in the Mechanics' Insti- tute. The occasion will be taken to present an address to Mi. Edward Wilson, for his ser- vices to tho colony in England in opposing the movement. We regret to leam that Mr. Haines, the president of the Anti-Transpor- tation League, will bo unable to be present, having been called yesterday to the country. It is anticipated that his Honour the Chief Justico will preside. A splendid nugget, weighing 111 ounces, was obtained yesterday morning from the Metropolitan Company's ground, Ballarat. It is described as being one of tho finest Bpscl mens of the kind which has yet been found. At the weekly meeting of tho council of the Acclimatisation Society, held on Tues- day-present, Mr. Edward Wilson, Dr. Black, Professor M'Coy, Lieutenant- Colonel Ross, Dr. Madden, Messrs. James Smith, S. H. Bin don, G. W. Bunden, and F. E. Otodfrey-a letter was read from Mr. O. W. Ligar, request- ing the society to accept a barrel of living oysters, which he had brought from New Zealand. These oysters aro of the rock variety, and are said to possess a much fiaer flavour than the "Sydney îocka." A vote of thanka was passed to Mr. Ligar for his kind services, and the secretary was instructed to at once take possession of the oysters, and havo them attended to. A letter was read from tho Colonial Secretary of Natal, offering to continue his exeitions to prooure elands for the sccioty, if desired. The counoll postponed taking any action in this matter until the Euhject of the expenditure of funds for this year comen under discussion. The president brought up the circular which he had prepared for the societies in the adjacent colonies upon the subject of concessions made by the Lords of tho Admiralty, which, after thankias Mr. Wilson for, the council decided (o print. The project of holding a dog show was then con- sidered, and ultimately it wa? resolved: " That the first rule of the Acclimatisation Society] embracing the perfection of domesti- cated animals, it ia desirable that an exhibi tien of dogs be held in this city at an early opportunity, with a view to the recognition and improvement of the various breads ;" and that a sub-committee be appointed, to report upon tbo best means of forwarding this ob- ject. Tho secietory reported that he was Bending, per Moravian, in cbaTgo of Captain Edward, fifteen wonga pigeons to tho English society ; also, that daring the past week six llama alpacas had b:en placed lu the South Park, in accordance with the request of the St. Kilda Borough Council. In the case of Laurence v. Atkyn, heard yes- terday in the Dictrict Court, the plaintiff sought to recover the sum of £113s. 63., alleged to be illegally detained by tho defend- ant, Walter Atkyn, barrister-at-law. In a late case heard before the Court a verdict was awardtd the present plaintiff, together with -£113s. Cd. C03t8. Tho amount allowed for costs the plaintiff slid had been drawn from the court by the defendant, who had acted for him as counsel, and it was this amount which ho now sought to recover. Mr. Hackett said it appeared a piece of mo3t irregular practice, but was not a casa which carno ?within the jurisdiction of the Court. Casa dismissed. A man of colour, named Samuel Johnson, who keeps a boarding-bouse in Bourke- street west, mostly frequented by seamen, appeared at the District Court yesterday, to answer an infor- mation preferred by Mr. Shillinglaw, the Go- vernment shipping master, charging him with assisting one Peter Angus, a sailor, to make a false representation, by furnishing him with a certificate of discharge which did not belong to him. On the previous day the man Angus had been brought before the City Court, on the charge of presenting a certificate of dis- charge made out for one M'Nabbs, or M'Niell. He then stated the certificate had been given him by the present defendant, with whom he was lodging. On this statement, the present steps had been taken. The man Angus now stated that on Thursday last he came into town from the country, and had been staying with the defendant over since. He had got a promise of a berth on board the brig Felix, but the captain re- quired a certificate of discharge before ship- ping him. The defendant hearing this, said he could furnish him with an old certficate, and found him the discharge of one M'Nabbs. On going down to the shipping-office on Tuesday morning, tho defendant told him that the captain of the Commodore Perry was inside, engaging men. Witness, on his advice, went in, and signed articles with tho captain of the Commodore Perry, presenting tbo certificate produced to enable him to do BO. Not reading the name upon it correctly as M'Nabbs, witness signed tho certificate na M'Neil), and by this means tho fraud waB discovered. In cross-examination, wit- ness said he had lodged with the defend- ant about twelvo months bafore. lie had iben left the schooner Poarl, and had recched a certificate of discharge, which he had lost while back in the bush. Ho had not told Johnson that he had left the discharge al his house. Johnson first offered him a dis- charge, saying he had a few old ones. John ton knew him by the namo of Peter Angus when he left the schooner Pearl. Tho attor ney for the dofendant having addressed th< Hencb, Mr. Hackett decided, as tho chargi waa one of an important nature, to postpom it until the following day, bail being taker for the appearance of the defendant. Tho morality of a class of omployers or Bendigo seems to b3 somewhat low in tone The Advertiser reports the police magistrat to bave said, in a case wbich came before hin on Tuesday, that "Latterly, what betweei contractors and sub contractors on railwayi and roads and mining managers, rejisterei and unregistered, tbo labouring man on Ben digo had his hard earnings pilfered am cheated from him to an almost incredibl amount. His court was constantly beset b, labouring men suing for their wa_es, whos simplicity and ignorance were attempted fc ho taken advantago of by their employers but he would take care that so long as ho sa on the bench tho labouring man shoul be protected from the quibblings of dlshones men." \ The Tarrengower Times state3 that the Er terprize Company, at Nuggetty, are raiain stone likely to yield from twelve to twent ouncea of gold per ton, The same journi states that the Beehive Association have als once more got into good stone. The absurd stats of the mining regulation as regards jumping, is indicated peculiarly i the annexed paragraph, which appears i the Maryborough Advertiser:-"Conslderabl anxiety is felt by the minors as to the pn clamation of the 19th and 20th instant, ti days of the great cricket match, as holidayi BO that in coming to see the English Eleve claims will not be ' jumpable.' We fancy th< a notice from the wardens in tho varioi districts will bo sufficient, even if 'jumper were inclined to be on the alert on sue an occasion." At the Richmond Police Court yo3terda; Daniel Daly WOB brought up for being drunl and attempting to beat his wife, wl escaping to a neighbour's lW. Davls's) bous led him to buist open tho door which sep rated him from the object of his drunkc wrath. The Bench, after hearing the ev dence, fined him 63. for the drunkenness, 20 for the trespass on Davis's house, and 2. damages incurred by the hursting-ln of ti door. As ho had no money, he was sent ? gaol for eleven days. George Smith, ali charged with damaging property, did not a _iear, and the case was dismissed, on au e planation that he had been sent to the Yan Bend Lunatic Asylum since the offonco w, committed. A private exhibition of the real legitima ghost of Professor Pepper, recently importt hy the Bhip Lincolnshire, took place la evening, ¡n the presence of a few gentleme at tho Princess's Theatre. Mr. Cosford, ti gentleman who has charge of this interesttr stranger, holds a power of attornoy from Pr feEsor Pepper, under whose superintonden the Illuminating apparatus was prepared 1 .the London Polytechnic. The exhibition la night waa confined to the production of ti ghost upon the stage, without any attem; being made to conceal the apparatus 1 "wbich the effect was produced. The ropresei tatton was perfect, the reflection of tho 01 sinai being complete to the minutest deta As the illuminating power was lowered, ti igure grew gradually dimmer; but still beit the only source of light upon tho mirror, was still faintly discernible until all w utterly dark. A very curious effect, ahowit tbo action of one sen»e upon another, w¡ produced' when the lady who acted 1 " image" sang a atanza of a ballad. The li of the reflection being seen in motion, ti ears were irresistibly persuaded by the ey to believe, in spite, of knowledgo of the co trary, that the sound issued from the rene tion, in quite a different direction from ti actual singer. Altogether, although the a cce.ories of situation, surrounding circuí [ stances, ghostly attire, &o.;, were all wanting, and actual illusion was consequently oat of the question, yet the merely optical part of the exhibition, that which was alone at- tempted, could only be regarded as an emi- nent success. The differences between the modus operan di of the ghost of last evening and that of former pretenders to the name, consist mainly in a more scientific arrange- ment of the reflectors and a more perfect power of illumination. For some time past much dissatisfaction and unpleasantness have prevailed amongst the members of the Melbourne Cricket Club, In conscquenco of several candidates for membership holding respectable positions in soolety having beon"black-balled,"apparently without any sufficient reason. It was felt that these proceedings were detrimental to tho interests of the club, besides casting un- deserved odium upon gentlemen who were desirous of being members, and steps were therefore taken to conveno a special meeting of the club, with the view of considering the propiiety of either abolishing election by ballot altogether, or altering it. The meeting was held yesterday evening, in the club's pavilion, the preciso purpose of it being, in the words of the official notice, for "revising and altering tho existing rules, and also, if considered necessary, of making additions thereto." The president (Mr. T. F. Hamilton) occupied tho chair, and tibaufc 109 members were present. The proceedings occu- pied upwards of an hour and a half, and were of an exceedingly noisy and irregular character, while the business done was absolutely nil. By rule 3, it is provided that the election of members shall be by ballot, that no election can take place unless fifteen members vote, and that one black ball in five shall exclude a candidate from election. After one or two amendments to this rule had boen proposed, but not seconded, a moticn was proposed by Mr. 0. F. Cameron, and seconded by Mr. Hope, to the effect that in future the elections should ba by open voting, instead of ballot. In the course of the discussion which followed, tho motion was supported by Mr. Cohen, M.L.A, Mr. Judd, Mr. Bagot, and several other gentlemen, who charac- terized the luto ballotting proceedings as stabbing men in the dark, and stated that the result had been to exclude many gentlemen who had enjoyed tho respect and esteem of their fellow-citizens for years, and who were equally as eligible candidates as any of the present members. Mr. Bagot further stated that the members had no right to make their club exclusive, as the deed by which the ground -was granted for cricketing pur- poses provided that it should bo for the use of tho citizens of Melbourne. Against tho motion it was urged that no sufficient reasons had baen adduced for alter- ing the rule, and that, in all probability, the ventilation which bad been given to the sub- ject would prevent any repetition of the evils which had been complained of. Oa a divi- sion, there were found to be forty-eight mem- bers in favour of the motion, and forty-seven against it. The motion wa3, therefore, vir- tually lost, as one of tho rules provided that no alteration of tho rules could ha mado without the consent of three- iourtho of the members present at a special meeting. Mr. Bagot pro- posed another motion, to the effect that one black ball in three, instead of one in five, should exclude a candidato, which was seconded by Mr. Langlands, but shared a similar fate. No futther motion was submitted on the ballot question. The Bev. T. F. Fellows, however, proposed that any member sweating within tho precincts of the pavilion should be fined 2s. Cd. for each offence. He proposed this ad , dition to the rules because he had heard more bad language in connexion with the Mel- bourne Club than during nil tho cricket matches in which he had played in England and because ho had been personally in suited by a member swearing during th( All-England match, which was, the firs' occasion on which he had been so in suited in his life. Mr. De Pass secondée the motion, and admitted that he swore him Belf occasionally. A discussion ensued, in th course of which it WOB generally admittei that swearing was of too frequent occurrence amongst the members, and that it ought ti be stringently prohibited. Several members however, appealed to Mr. Follows to with draw his motion, urging that, if carried, i would reflect disgrace on the club, and tha the simple fact that it had been thought de strahle to propose it would have a sufficient!; salutary influence. Mr. Fellows consented and withdrew the motion. Speaking'of the effects of General Cameron'i movement to Wata-Wata, ond the landing c a ' force at Raglan under Colonel Waddy tho Southern Cross says :-" This movemen will put us in possession of half the provine of Auckland, and removes the Eeat of war 10 miles from tho capital." The strike of tho miners at Pleasant Cree reefs still continues. The Ararat Adverlist of the 12th inBt, reports as follows on the stat of affairs:-"Several diggers went to wor this morning at the reduced rate, and a nurr ber are"working oa the eight-hours system, c paid by tho hour ; but a still larger numbe aro altogether holding out, and aro prospeci ing various places in the district on their o w account, while a good many have left, or m about leaving the place, for some other di triet." Since the termination of tho sories of M BuBuell's " electro-biological entertainments at St. George's-hall, that gentleman has di voted himself to a round of suburban pe formances, which commenced on Monda loft, at St. Kilda. The Town-hall of tho borough was well filled, and his cxperimeni created much amusement. He appeared i the Prahran Town-hall on Tuesday eveninj with nearly equal success. He is to appel this evening at Emerald-hill, and to-morro night at AVilliamstown. Mr. Bushell has ii creased the attraction of his entertainmei by the exhibition of some powerful electric effects. Tho price paid by the Government of Ne Zealand for the steamship Alexandra, no employed as a transport, was £13,000. Ti Alexandra, it will he remembered, was ni fitted np for tho passenger trade. The Soulhern Cross contemplates with som thing like enthusiasm the prospect of stea communication being opened up botwet Auckland and Melbourne. In its summai for England, at the close of the year, the Oro remarked :-"Wo are glad to say that a trat is being opened with Melbourne, and thi there is a prospect of a regular steam between Auckland and that port. We ha' had six cargoes already from Melbourn which have been sold at remunerating rate and we hope to see a steamer on the Iii before long. Wo recommend this line to ti Intercolonial Company." A correspondent of tho Yat» Courier giv some information as to the state' of ti alpacas in tho neighbouring colony. 1 writes as follows :-" While on my way hon I paid a visit to Wingello, for the purpose seeing the alpacas now depasturing thei under the superintendence of Mr. Payten, noticed that they were severely sufferir from scab, some portions of their bodies we quite bare, as if they had beoa lately shot Mr. Payten was having them dressed wi some new and approved specific; but ti poor animals wcro in very low conditio Tho increase at the time I speak of (Decet ber 23) was about 100; but there had bei serious IOBSCB Moro that from scab and fluke. Tho grown animals wore, however, in an improving state. I would suggest that they bo taken to a saltbush country for six months, by which chango of pasturage tho scab and ¿uko would be eradicated. They should afterwards be brought to a limestone country to lamb down. That should take placo during the summer monthB. If this plan was attended to, I am sure the alpaca would become a permanent and lucrative in- vestment in this colony." At the Emerald hill Police Court yesterday, Anne Harman was complained against by Bridget Durning for making UBO of threaten- ing and abusivo language. The charge was hold to be proved, and the defendant fined 10s., and 2s. Gd. co3ts, or the alternative of three days' imprisonment. Four householders were summoned by the inspector of nuisances for offending against the sauitary regulations of the borough, and were each fined Is., and 2s. 6d. costa. Tho time of the B.nch was taken up to a considerable extent ia dealing with a small debt case, which had been post- poned from the previous court day. The action was originally brought by Mr. T. Noble, auctioneer and commission agent, against fivo individuals, to recovar a debt for work and labour done in his professional capacity. The claims as against four of the defendants were settled by thom out of court, and the fifth was ordered to pay lo J. towards the amount claimed, together with £1 Is. coats. The remaining business was of no upecinl interest. The magistrates on the bench wcro McB3rs. Finlay, Haig, and Marlin. Yesterday, at the Sandridge Police Court Elizabeth Macey and Mary Jane William- son, two young women of questionable re- pute, were charged with using obscene lan guage in a public place. Macey, whosename is not unfamiliar to the polico records, was remanded till Thursday, but this being Wil- liamson's first appearance, she was dis- charged with an admonition. Mr. T. Swal- low, J.P., was the presiding magistrate. The princiral business beforo the Church of England Assembly yesterday was the fcheme proposed by the Vicar-General and Council for distributing the general fand of the diocese in 1864. The scheme had been un- der consideration some time- indeed several of tho items had been adopted, and in one instance an amendment had been made when it occurred to certain lay representa- tives that the entire proceeding was highly irregular, inasmuch as it was not conducted in " committee of the whole house." The dis- covery led to a discussion on Parliamentary practice, which occupied something like an hour, and ended in an agreement to com- mence mattera de novo. Tho assembly ac- cordingly resolved itself into committee, and for the rest of the sitting business was con- ducted with a precision which muat havo satisfied the most rigid stickler for Parlia- mentary forms. The X'etv Zealand Herald (Auckland) of the SOfch December says,-"It is generally under- stood that the Colonial Treasurer, Mr. R. G. Wood, will leave by tho mail Bteamer on tho 6th January, for Great Britain. His visit to the home country is supposed to be connected with the negotiation of the £3,000,000 loan the procuring the Imperial guarantee, and thereby saving the colony a large additional annual interest-and on other important public business connected with tho colony, We wish Mr. Wood success in his mission. Ho is a practical business man, and we predict good results from his going home." The sixth annual meeting of the Victorian Church of England Sunday School Institute was held yesterday evening, at the Mechanics' Institution, Collins- street. The attendance hardly comprised thirty persons, but in the opening remarks of the chairman (the Very Bev. the Dean of Melbourne) this waB ac- counted for by a statement that many insti- tutions in Victoria were well supported by personB who nevor would attend the annual Meetings. He then dwelt upon the impor tance and advantages of the institute, anc expressed a strong hope that it would be the means of much usefulness. Mr. H, A. Clarke the hon. secretary, next read the report whereby it appeared that tho last year hat been a successful one, especially as regardée the book depot, in which there had been sala during the lnst twelve months amounting to £584 10i. 4d, or nearly double thosi of all the preceding years. Subscriptions hac fallen off, but, with a view to revive them tho committee had determined to allow ir futuro all subscribers of 6s. yearly, or schooli subscribing £1 yearly, a discount of 2s. ir the pound on all they purchased from th< depot. The financial statement was nox made, and it appeared that there waa £21 ode In hand, and a balance of capital in asset; represented by £191 15s. 8d. On the motlor of the Rev. H. Wilkinson, of Bacchus Marsh seconded by Mr. Jas. Mcoro, the report ant balance-sheet wero adopted, and officers fo the ensuing year having been appointed, th proceedings shortly after cowcluded, as the] began, with devotional exercises. A lecture will bo delivered at eight o'clocl this evening, in St. Mark's Schoolroon George-street, Fitzroy, before the Fitzro, Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associa tion, by the Bev. James Ballantyne, Subjec -" Hints on Self-Improvement." Admissio: will be free. The treasurer of the Benevolent Asylun begB us to acknowledge tho sum of £25 fror Mr. Wm. Kay towards the funds of this insti tution. We havo been requested by tho committe of the Amateur Concert to be glvon on Fr day evening next, for tho benoflt of tb Melbourne Benevolont Asylum, to contradit the report current in town yosterday thi tickets had been issued to a larger number < persons than the room (tho Town-hal Prahran) could accommodate. Stich is n< the case ; and tickets can still bo obtaine from members of the committeo, price 5 each. How to eave fine gold has long been problem on the gold-fields, The Creswh Advertiser reports briefly on the practici working of a patent plan, which seems to I successful to some extent at least t-" Davies patent for saving very fine gold is now UBC by Bennett and party, who aro working tb creek bed. Without the use of this inventioi which conBiBts of wiro gauze, twenty-fit holes to the square inch, and blankets in ti ripples of the Bluice-boxeB, tho undertakir would be a complete failure. Tho captain simple but useful invention bos now had fair trial, and ia proved to be very valuab in cases where fine gold exists, in arrestin it." Last night's Bendigo Evening News says, " In reply to inquiries made to-day, we at glad to leam that Mr. Georgo Parr Is rapidl recovering from his late severe indispositio and will soon be able to take the command < lila sporting regiment." Tho annual meeting of the Medical Social of Victoria was held last night. The retirlo president (Mr. W. Gillbee) read a valedictor, address, reviewing the proceedings of ti society during the past year, and congrat latlng the members upon tho position wbic It occupied. A vote of thanks waa accorde to Mr. Gillbee for the services which he ha rendered the society daring the year. Froi the cash account it appeared that there wi a balance of £60 18s. 8d. in hand, and thi twelve new members hod joined tho social during the yoar. Dr. D. J. Thomas was elected president for the ensuing year. Dr. Martin and Dr. Cutts, vice-presidents ; Mr. G. H. Fetherston, bon. treasurer; Mr. J. Blair, bon. secretary ; Mr. J. E. Neild, librarian ; and the following gontlemen tho cjmmitteo of management :-Messrs. F. Lloyd, \V. H. Campbell, Graham, Lilienfield. Tho superintendent of the Immigrants' Home dcEires to acknowledge tho receipt of two cases of straw bonnets-a donation from Messrs. Wm. Watson and Sons, of Littlo Col llnB-street. We have our intoicolonial files to the fol- lowing dates :-Auckland, Canterbury, Lyt telton, and Rockhampton to the 31st ult. ; Wellington, 80th ult, ; Christchurch, 1st, and Brisbane, 4th inst. From Taranaki we have dates to the 2Gth ult. The Theatre Boyal has had good houses every day this week, and the attractions of the Christmas entertainment appear to b3 unabated. The crush and drive of the first few nights of tho holidays have passed away, but the treasury still feels the beneficial effects of tho liberal and judicious outlay of the management on the gorgeous burlesque and pantomime. 