UNWHOLESOME MEAT—THE WE EAT. Mr Gamgee's Report respecting the sale of diseased meat, in the last blue-book issued by Mr Simon, is so startling a com munication, that we are somewhat suprised it as not madcmorenoise at this season when sensations are 50 scarce (says the London Review.):— Mr Gamgee, who is the principal of the Veterinary College, Edinburgh, and is, perhaps the best authority in the kingdom on such matters, tells us that during the six years ending 18G0, disease caused loss among the stock of the three kingdoms, of no less than 2,255,100 cattle, fully one half of which was due to pleuro-pneumonia—a disease which was imported from the Con tinent when free trade turned the attention of foreign breeders towards our markets. The loss in sheep and pigs has not been so large, but it has been sufficiently great to account for the high prices maintained by our butchers during a period when all other kinds of produce have been gradually falling.' This astounding loss, the money value of which is calculated at L25,934,6'54, not only affects the British consumer in a pecuniary point of view, but' there is good reason to believe that it affects him still more in a sanitary point of view. As long as it is a mere money loss wo console ourselves with the idea that that is made up by the penny or three half-pence a pound we pay extra for our meat; but arc afraid we cannot make things pleasant in this manner, for we arc told that at least one-fifth of the animals that have thus died of disease, or have been killed to save appearances whilst in the act of dying, are slaughtered and sold ; a very larae per-ccntage finding its way to the London market. : S This is a mattqri avhioh toucbesgud all -^far^vri "arir alicuVtbiffc'dTfo'^^ligtlrt^ oui . roast-beef,"and itisnofcplcasarifcVto'be'^told, tliat we stand a very good chance of con suming a sirloin cut from a breast that suffered for months from diseased lungs. . .. Many of the worst forms of disecise are very sudden, and very slightly affect the colour and texture of the muscular appara tus. A fine fat bullock with florid meat may have died from splenic apoplexy, or been merely killed pro forma when already on the point of death. Remove the spleen, and the carcase appears sound. Yet dogs and pigs in this country will die from eating any portion of such cattle, although it has been cooked. This certainly is not a con solatory statement. It shows that but small portion of the mischief is reached by the constables acting under the officers of health, although we are told that from one to two tons of impure meat are seized weekly and destroyed in Newgate Market alone. This foul food falls to the share of the poor mainly, but not altogether, as the most respectable butchers occasionally resort to the dead-meat markets to supply their customers with "prime cuts." That this diseased meat is productive of much illness among this population admits of no manner of doubt. And it is not only the sirloin that is little to be trusted, but the leg of mutton and the mutton chop. Of late years chiefly since foreign importations have taken place, sheep and calves have been liable to epidemics of anthrix—a blood disease ex pressing itself in a carbuncular form. Mr Gamgce, indeed, unhesitatingly states that we may ascribe the very remarkable pre valence of carbuncular boils in these islands within the last twelve years to this cause. The tendency of all substances which possess a cadaveric venom to produce boils in the human frame is well known, and it must have been observed that these boils attack persons suddenly, who are otherwise in possession of robust health. But how are we to combat the evil 1 Nothing less than a system which covers the entire country can do this in the opinion of Mr Gamgee. There is another source of uneasiness and ill-health, however, which we can directly trace to diseased meat. There can be no manner of doubt that human beings suffer from intestinal worms, throueh eating what is termed measly pork. In a very large proportion of the Irish pigs, the larvre of the tapeworm are to be found. So well is this fact recognised in the sister kingdom, that in the transactions between the breeder and the pig butcher, the services of a pro fessional are called in, who goes by the name of " the measle trier." "Every pig has its measlc," according to Pappy, and it is the duty of this individual to find it out in order to depreciate the price of the pig. Before the bargain is struck, the measle trier cither makes deep incisions in the porker's tongue, or he cuts him in the rump muscles, where they are usually found, and their discovery at once lowers the pig's value. If the presence of these parasites in flesh intended for human food is disgusting, we cannot derive much consolation from the fact that such meat, in consequence of its being riddled by worms, " takes the pickle better," and apparently presents the appear ance of being better cured bacon and ham. We are told that all the measly pigs, and the measly bacon and hams, are forwarded to London, the Irish being too knowing to buy it. But we may at least circumvent the Irish by declining their porcine deli cacies in favour of our own, as we are told that the measle is unknown in Wiltshire hacon or Yorkshire hams. Mr Gamgee tells us that at least 50,000 pigs in Ireland are full of these measles, or undeveloped tape worms, and that for every pig thus colonised by a parasite there is one human being similarly afflicted through eating its flesh. It has long been a puzzle to physiologists how the parasite is transferred to the human body. Where pig meat is eaten raw, as it is by some persons under the idea that it " improves their wind," there is difficulty about themattcr; hut cured cooked ham or bacon, it has been supposed, has been subjected to heat fatal to the parasite's life. But this has been a mere supposition, and there is sufficient evidence to lead us to believe that these hardy creatures survive the heat of cooking, especially in underdone pork, and in bacon and ham, and thus find their way into the human intestines where the filthy tapeworm is in course of time developed. The tapeworm, however, is not the only parasite wo are apt to contract through eating pigment; quite recently it has been discovered that a very small thread worm, the trichina spiralis, affects the flesh of beasts, and is capable of similarly affect ing that of man. Professor Zinker, of Dresden, mentions a case where a servant girl, who had been occupied in pig curing with other farm servants, and, as it was supposed, had taken a small taste of the raw sausage-meat made from a diseased pig, fell ill, and died in five weeks, when it was discovered that hor body swarmed with trachinso, and with myriads of the larvre. Uther servants were similarly affected, al though it only made them feel ill. The Professor states that he has found similar parasites in his post mortem examinations. Mr Gaingee is of opinion that the greater part of the disease which affects our stock to such an extent that all the agricultural insurance offices have been ruined through the mortality—is prevcntible. The epidemic diseases are due, entirely to contagion, and are wholly of foreign origin, which might in great part be arrested at our ports of entry ; the destructive endemic diseases, on the other hand, are due to malaria, which good drainage would dispel; whilst there is another source of disease, which is wholly duo to the ignorance of man—namely, that arising from high feeding. Oil-cake has the same effect upon beasts as too much turtle and other aldermanic feeding has upon men and plethora and anthrix may be said to be brought about by the prize shows and medals of our agricultural meetings. It certainly seems strange that whilst we are perceiving the necessity for active exercise in human beings, and are acting upon our lcnowlodgo, we are taking the very opposite course with our live stock—taking them from their fields, where they roam to find their own food, and shutting them up in close sheds in order to fatten and breed blood diseases, which ultimately tell upon ourselves. • A. P rnssvERiso Lovkr.—A most interest ring nit 'ir has amused 'he residents of Sinen ton during the last few days. A damsel in 'the employment of one of the farmers, thought it no sin to fall desperately in love iwiih one of the reapers, and, being bap year, 'she wob determined to avail herself of the privilege she possessed. Accordingly, in plain " language, she made the delicate propositi >n. The youthful swain s»w nothing for it but to be off; fin h" tnndd •racks immediately for Oeswick. Th* love* stnjtten damsel gave cb.'ee, with a firm d>'ter«* minaticn not-to bo done out of n husband she had B^t, her heart upon. She pulled him up near Birch's Creek. He remonstrated with ber upon the impropriety of such a j roceed ing; but it was nil to no purpoa-*—ehe held her ground firm, and never flinched in her d • termination, although the shades of night were coming on. The p refuted youth, being tired of a chaBe in which he gob the worst, saw nothing for it but to take her buck again, und so ho didDayIctford Mercury. Nw? Youk Fashions.—We rr.ust say the pretty peripatetics of Broadway present a dazzling spectacle- Bright ye!l<-w cloaks wi'h scarlet hoods, scarlet clonks with yellow hoods blue cloaks with white hoods, purple cloaks with orange hoods, ood striped and checkered cloaks with crimson hoods, tnovirg continu ally in prismatic procession through that groat exhibition thoroughfare, threaten..with " color blindnessM the man of weak vision who ven tures into the flare. The raffron, bright red, green, azure, and white and creatn-colored feathers wherewith th" ladies in conflagration decorate their vivandiere hats, planting the flaming tufts like torches in the forefronts of the same, add much to their incendiary nnd auto da /e.ish aspect, and deepen the impres sion produced upon feeble retinas by the blaze of their garments. It really seems *s if New i York beauty and fashion had determined to substitute for the fancy b«lla that a pre so much in vogue last winTe-a general street mas querade. One would never surmise that a tremendous war whs swe ping "ff by thousands I and tens of thousand* tb> very flower of our 1 population.-—New York Timem The Cheat Eastskn a Haunted Ship. —In'course, of a paper read by Opt.n'n James Paton.jOnTWednesday relative to the repairs Jo[,:;th'eji:B'rMtSEflfi|fCP| )■»elolcil' thnt'- nn 'im the ship was haunted, that nf nn-uhfortiinate ri^t^^wirai»M''ritril'plying'hie avocation Tiionftpttlie.woji^pr.iompartirienla Onptain Paton stated .tfioltjefore the vessel Irfi lliis cmntry he believed that one of the men em ployed m ber construction was missing. The man was a rivetter; ho mas missed from tbe ship and never came for liia wage*, the sup position being that he had been tivettsd hp ill some part of the vessel. So firmly impressed were some of the men with this idea that they left the ship in consequence. They affirmed that they had heard their departed friend busily engaged rivetiing in the middle of the night. 1 he story was believed by many per sons in Ibew York, and on one occasion while the ship was under repair a diver signal I'd to be drawn up. He appeared pale with fright, find declared the ghost of the rivetter was busy in the bottom part of the ship j' in fact that he begun revotting immediately over his head. Such was the consternation amongst the divers that they called in the aid of one the spirit mediums who are somewhat numerous in the city of New York. The medium came on board the svip, and after an examination declared that the missing man was there both " in body and Bpirit." For tunately he (Captain Paton) by pum accident was able to despel tbe illusion. Being' in a boat near the hows of the ship, he discovered that a swivel connected wi'h the moorings worked to and fro, the movement causing a chink or vibration which at times, more espe cially at night, was he"rd th-ough ut the vessel. It was this sound which bsd con jured up, in connection with the supposed fa'e of the unfortunate rivetter, the phantom whose mysterious doings spread such conster nation on board the big ship. Extraordinary Runs with a Threc. Leooed Fox.—In the Pau (south of France) corn-try a fox was run to ground for the* first time on the 13th ult.; she was dug out and brought to »hn kennel of the "mixed pack." Her left hind-leg was hut a short stump, com* plrt ly healed snd covered with hair. En larged on the 19th at the warmest hour of a very sultry day before a email party, as it was not expected that she could shf»w much sport, one slow, musical Fr- nch hound being first laid on to keep her mnvine, the pack was, after the lapse of ten minuteB, brought up.' She made at once for her native hills, where, aft»-r n long hunting run of two hours, over a very trying linp of country, she again got to ground in her parish of Assafc. As a ion as tho earth stopper and his attendant terriers came up, operations for unearthing was at once com menced, which proved successful after a little over two hours' labour. Shaken out again on the 24'h on the Morlaas road, she at once net her hesd in the same direction, crushed tho Sarbes road, ran again through Idron, swam thtt Ousse, climbed the steep .hill at Bizanos, selecting, as if in sport, the' very severest country, swam the Laroin, crossed the plain, plunged into the Qave and got to ground in a rock at Narcastet, after a severe run of two hours in a broiling sun. This rapid mountain stream, the " Gave de Pau," has been faced but fonr times, by a fox since fox-hunting was first introduced her^, and always by bagmen. It is scarcely possible that this extraordinary vixen knew this earth or the opposite shore of such a s'renm; if not it wan a lucky chance that led her to it. for a peasant informed the only two up'wi'h the bounds that Bhe was but a few yards ahead. Over the plain the pace had been firs'rste. The rest of the run, though not fast, had not been mark'd by a single long check. The line was a very severe one, and the fox, as I said befoie, had doue all she could to live her self. Altoeether it w»a a grand run, and will in all probability be the run of the se'ison. No rain had fallen for over a for night, the roads ar* covered with duBt, the ground is is hard as a rock, tho heat in the sun as great as that in old E' gland in summer, and altoge ther the we-ither is as unpropitious for hunting as can well ho conceived ; yet, owing principally to the "nose** of the French hounds, associ ated with the English and half-bred on^B in this little pack, we havo had in the space d£ one wefk, despite tho drought and beat, two grand runs, and both with a three legged fox. —Field. 