ST. PATRICK'S DAY REGATTA. THE experiment of a regatta on St. Patrick's Day has fully realised the most sanguine anticipations of its projectors, and but for the immense counter at- traction elsewhere, and the circumstance of unfavour- able weather, the affair would have been a great success. Notwithstanding the dark, gloomy appear tince of the weather in the morning, a large number of persons had congregated at Dawes' Point at the appointed hour for commencing the regatta, while a considerable number had proceeded on board the fine steamer City of Newcastle, which did du'y as ihg ship. This fine vesiel (moored eff the point) was admirably adapted for the purpose for which she was used, but had the regatta bren the only attraction of the day, her accommodation "would have been found insuf- ficient. During the forenoon the visitors to thefhgship increased until the number on board could not hâve been less than 300. An excellent band was engaged, and added not a little to the entertainment of the .\¡sitora, espec'ally to the younger portion of them, who vere not slow in availing themselves of its pre- sence to indulge in the favourite pastime of dancing. AB before stated, the weather was unpropitious. At the time of starting the first race the wind was very light and from the west. Later in the day it went round to the north-east, and blew pretty frtsh for a time, a heavy shower of rain falling at the same time. Subsequently, however, it died away to almost a calm, and it wa* not until the evening that it blew at all steadily. Showers fell throughout the day, and of course edded to the genrral unpleasantness. With regard to the racing, little of a general character need be said, and a detailed report will be found appended. The best contested races were the first, the ninth, eleventh and twelfth. The sailing races were but little better than drifting matches, and hence they were not satis factory tests of the boats' real qualities. Mr. Alder- man Oatley performed the duties of umpire in a manner that would lead none to suppose it was his first attempt in that capacity, while the deteimination evinced by Mr. Reynolds, the starter, to give fair play to every one left nothing in that line to be desired. At half-past one o'clock, the company on board the shiri adjourned to the saloon to luncheon, the umpire taking the chair, and the Hon. G. Eagaï, Colonial Treasurer, the vice, chair. Having dis- cussed the excellent viands and wines, The CHAIRMAN rose and proposed the usual loyal toast of "The Queen," which was received with en- thusiastic expressions of loyalty. The next toast, also proposed by the CHAIRMAN was, "Her Majesty's representative in this colony, his Excellency the Governor," which was also received with applause. Mr. DALLEY rose, and said he had been asked to perform a somewhat difficult duty-to propose a toast which he was sure would be received by aU Irishmen present, and all who were receiving the hospitality of Irishmen in this festivity to their patron saint-" the memory of St. Patrick, and success to this mode of spending this anniversary day," (Cheers.) However little many of tbem may know ot what St. Patrick gave to Ireland, and how much she was indebted to him for the benefits she had enjoyed for many cen- turies, they must all acknowledge that the character and qualities which Irishmen had exhibited to the world entitled them to the world's respect. (Applause.) Whether they owed this to St. Patrick or to others, it was not for them to inquire ; but in celebrating this day, which to the prêtent time had not had such a celebration, he was sure they would welcome those who formed such a large section in the community ; men who were first in their display of patriotism, and whom the natives of the colony-of whom be was proud to be one- found among their, beet friends. (Cheers.) He was sure that they would all welcome this day, and be glad to testify their reve- rence and regard for the country from which they had sprung. (Cheers.) They had T» hitherto had a whole day in honour of their patrc Saint to give to recreation of this kind, this being th. first occasion on which they had had a regatta on St. Patrick's Day. They had day B devoted to the celebration of the patron saints of other countries-and he alluded particularly to a country from which many of their most noble colo- nists sprung, Scotland-but they had now presented to them an opportunity of celebrating the anniversary of a saint who was said (at all events, in ballad poetry,) to be par excellence, the gentleman of Saints, (Laughter.) In selecting this festivity, he thought they had shown the proper mode of celebrating the day. They were taking advantage of this splendid harbour, which they were told was one of the finest in the world te give to the world an exhibition of their prowees upon the water. (Hear, hear.) He would not detain them longer, for he was sure that the toast would be received with enthusiasm. They should all unite in celebrating this day, and in doing so would show too much appreciation not to wish it any num- ber of successions. (Loud cheers.) 1 he toast was drunk in solemn silence. The VICE-CHAIKMAN said upon him had devolved a very pleasing task-pleasing as a visitor to the flag- ship, and pleasing as a native of the country in which regattas appeared to be a peculiar and special institu- tion-to propose the health of the promoters of this regatta. (Cheers.) He thought a festivity of this kind upon this particular day was preferable to a picnic or a banquet. (Hear, hear, and cheers). It appeared to him that in a regatta upon this day, they had hit upon a happy medium-a something which not only brought people into amiable relationship, but founded in some degree an institution for the training of seamen upon wLom much of our future prosperity would depend. (Cheers.) The toast was drunk with all the honours. Mr. CAÁROLL (secretary to the committee), appro- priately responded. Mr, Aldeiman HTJBLEV proposed "The Ladies," and Mr. DALLEY returned thanks, Mr, Alderman BUTLEB proposed the health of the chaiiman, and Mr. OATLEY acknowledged tho com- pliment. The company then returned to the deck to watch the progress ot the races, with these preliminaries we proceed to give a detailed account of the sport. Pint Rice.-For all amateurs in wager boats. Pint prize, £8 ; second prize, £2. Course : From Dawes' Point round Goat Island and back to flag, ship. Entrance, £1 Is. htran-rer-J. Galbraith-Wal ta .1 Novice-J. Comlor-White with (twa sash.2 Fancy-W. Cownot-Green. This race lay entirely between J. Connor and ¡Gal- braith, the other having given up the contest shortly after starting. J. Connor led Galbraith till within a few length« of the flagship's bow, when the latter pat on a spurt, went np, and beat bia opponent by about eighteen inches. So close wen the .boata to each «ther when the gun fired, that muy believed Connor to be the winner. Second Race.-AU pulling dingiea under canvas, not exceeding 15 feet overall. Course : Frorri moor- inga in Sydney Cove, round the boat off Goat Island ; ihen round Fort Denison, back round boat off Goat Island, and ii to flagship. Fiwt prize, £7 ; second prize, £2. Entrance, lös. 6d. Midgo-W, Birklnsbaw-Magenta.J Dodger-B. Stephens-Green ... ... ... ... * Emma-J. Bell-Bed Happy Jim-J Small- White with blue ball Shamrock-G Montgomery-Green Bipple-A Fisher-White witb blue cress Pointer-J. Phelps-White and blue Ella Leone-W. Paul-Blue Will Watch-W Turner-Black and red 6trangei-J. M'Carthy-Ecd und white 8and Fly-John Greenwcll-Black with white bau. This race WÍB started when the wind was very light, and the positions of the boats for the first hour of the race varied, as they felt more or less of the breeze. Eventually, as the wind increased, the Mi-lge took the lead, was never afterwatds caught, and won with ease, Didgfr being tecond. The remainder came struggling in considerably astern of the leading boats. Third Race.-Second-class yachts of 12 tons and under, centre-boards excluded ; time for tonnage half a minute to the ton. Course : From moorings in Farm Cove, round boat off Goat Island, then round Light- ship and Sow and Pigs, back round flagship, thence round Shark Island, and back to flagship. First prize, cup, value £15 15s, ; second prize, £3. Entrance, £2 2s. Australian-W, Webb-Dark.bluc and white cross ... ... 1 Ida-J. Josephton-Blue «iib. white star ... ... ... 2 Why Not-F. Munton-Bluo .3 'Ihis also was but little better than a drifting match for an hour or two after the gun for the start fired. In proceeding towards the boat off Goat Island they were all more or leas becalmed j the Ida, however, got a statt, snd forged ahead, îounding the boat first- Ko sooner had they rounded the boat than n fresh breeds sprung up from the north-east, accompanied by a shower of rain, and Ida at once struck her topsail ; this enabled Why Not and the Aus'ralian to pass her, which they did in the order indicated. Finding that the breeze w as dying off again, Ida reset her topsail, and when they reached the red buoy off Fort Macquaiie, they appeared to be all together. As the breeze freshened from the north-east, the Australian gradually drew ahe ad of her competitors, a very short distance separating the Ida from the Why Not. When they rounded the fanal point, Shaik Island, before passing the ship, the Australian had a strong lead, Ida being second. In this order they ran up the harbour, and came in as follows : Australian.., ... ... ... ... 5h. 15m, Oscc, Ida .5 26 0 Why Not.5 25 14 Fourth Race.-Champion pair-oared race, in light skiffs. Course : From Dawes' Point round Goat Island, then round boat moored in Farm Cove, and beck to flacBhip. First prize, £15 ; second prize, £3. Entrance £1 Is. Btar of Australia-J. Donnelly and J, Connor-White with green sash ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 Champion-J, Dunnctt and G. Nash-Pink ... ... ... 2 Fa\ orita-K and It. Green-Blue and white .. It was beliçved that the Brothers Green would pull off the first prize in this race, and certainly they held a prominent position for the first three or four hun died yards, but the younger Green wanted the stamina of his world-famed brother, and they then fell to tile rear. The race then lay between the Star of Austialia nad Champion, and the men in both maintained the struggle to the last, Donnelly and Connor havir g the advantage, which they kept to the finifh. Fif h Race.-All open boats not exceeding twenty two feet oierall. Course: From moorings in Sydney Coie round boat off Goa', Island, then round Shark Island, back round boat off Goat Island, and in to flafship. First pr'ze, £10 10s. cup; second prize, £2 2s. Entrance, £1 Is. Leisure Hour-Captain Rountrcc-Blue and white diagonal.. 1 Why Not-J. W. Dunn- Blue with white crosB ", ... 2 Lora-W. Watti-Pink and white diagonal Leisure Hour was the favourite for this race, and she won it entity, thus adding another to her long list of victoiies. Lora gave up the contest before half the di«tance had been sailed over, leaving the race to the other two boats. Sixth Race,-All bona fide amateurs, in light skiffs, pulling a pair of sculls. Course: From Dawes' Point rcund boat off Goat Ibland, then round boat in Farm Cove, and back to flagship. Prize, £10 10s. cup. Entrance, £1 la. Cornstalk-A. Crook-Blue and Bcarlet ... ". ... 1 FMOiita- J. Crook-Blue ... ... ... ... ," 2 Hebe-W. Jobson-Blue and white. It was stated that this race was " arranged " before the start ; and, in accordance with that arrangement, Mr. A. Crook, in the Cornstalk, came in firet, and Mr. J. Crook second ; Mr. Jobson having given in shortly after the start. Seventh Race.-All watermen plying for hire, and amateurs pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs. Same course as No. 8. First prize, £10 ; second prize, £2. Entrance, £1 Is. Star of Australia-J. Donnelly-White, with green sash, ... 1 Champion-J. Dunnett-White ... ... ... ... 2 Lurline-G Nash-Pink ... ... ... ... ," 8 Favorita-G.M'Cleer-Blue and white ... ... ... 4 A splendid start was effected for this race, which promised to prove a close one. By some mistake the whole of the men took the wrong courte for a consi- derable distance,-pulling as though they were to round Goat Island instead of about the north-east point of it. Upon discovering theil mistake they turned toward the boat, and rounded it in the follow- ing order:-Donnelly first, Dünnett second, Nash third, and M'Cleer fourth. Donnelly kept his lead to the finish, notwithstanding the most determined efforts of the other competitors, and the whole finally passed the flagship as indicated above. Eighth. Race.-All skiffs classed as watermen's skiffs, under canvas, artificial aids excluded. Course, same as No. 6. First piize, £10 ; second prize, £3. Entrance, £1 Is. St Patrick-D. M'Lean-Green .1 Dait-J. Richards-Dark blue ... ... ... ," 2 Taddy from Cork-T. WGregor-Green and harp, Fairy-W. Joinerville-Pink. British flag-T. BichardB-Red and blue. Btar-T. Mulhall-Light blue. This was a very pretty, but not particularly well contested race, as tne first two had no great difficulty -in disposing of the remainder. St. Patrick made an easy victory of it, Dart being second. Ninth Race.-All persons engaged in offices, mer- cantile establishments, &c;, who have never won a public prize, pulling a pair of oars in light skiffs. Course : Same as No, 8. First prize, £8 ; second prize, £2. Entrance, £1 Is. Favorita-W. Jobson and G. Merriman- White and blue ... 1 St. Patrick-J, Garvan and R, Dally- Green ... .,, 2 Swan-G. and C, Harden- White, This was a capital race between Garvan and Dally in St Patrick, and Jobson and Merriman in Favorita. The former led during the greater part of the race, but upon reaching the red buoy when pulling towards the boat in Farm Cove, Jobson and Merriman put on a spurt, took up the premier position, and kept to the finish ; Garvan and Dally a good second; the brothers Harden nowhere. Tenth Race.-Youths under twenty years of age, pulling a pair of oars in light skins. Course, same as No. 8. First prize, £8 ; Becond prize, £2. Entrance, £1 Is. Zcrlina-W. Connor and G. Reynolds-Blue aud white ," I Champion-J. Huggett and W. Lyons-Pink and blue ... 2 Ina-A and B. Yeend-Magenta and white .. ." ... 3 Swan-P. Markoy and W. Griffiths-White Bt. Patrick-r. Burkct and H. Farrell-Blue. This was an interesting race, inasmuch as the com- petitors were for the most part unknown; some of the "knowing ones," however, had an inkling of the probabilities, and quietly put their money on Connor and Reynolds. The race wa8 a good one between Zerlina, Champion, and Ino. Swan gave up the struggle, and St. Patrick might have done so, for the boat had not the ghost of a chance from the start. Eleventh Race.-Double scull race, for all working watermen and amateurs, in watermen's boats to be approved of by the committee. Course; Same as Ko. 8. First prize, £10 ; second prize, £2. Entrance, £lls. Pat the Rover-J. Dmuiett and J. Connor-White, with green sash. ... i Champion-G. Nash and J. Donnell-Pink ... ... ... 2 Patriolan-J, White and J. Phelps-White and blue east ... 8 This race is easily described. The boats got away well together, and had but little advantage of each other for the first few hundred yards. D urinett and Connor then cut out the work, were never collared, and won with ease. Champion (Nash, and Donnell) being a good tecond. Twelfth Race.-All watermen, who have never won an advertised race, pulling a pair of sculls ia licensed boats, approved of by the Committee. Course : Same na No. 8. First prize, £8 ; second prize, £2. En- trance, 10s. Gd. Phoenician-J. Ives-White .1 Champion-H. Reynolds-Light blue ,., ." ," s Phoebe- C, Reynold»-Dark blue This was simply a match between Ives and H. Reynolds. The latter led nearly the whole of the dutance, and it was not till within a few boat*' lengtha of home, that Ives pressed his rival closely. The struggle for pride of place was a gallant one, and resulted in favour of Ives by about a foot. Thirteenth Race.-Gig and dingy. Price, £3. Entrance, 2a. 6d. Glg-E. Ireland. ,7. '". -.1 I DiW-BpKm-W. Patu-BU« ' j Jbis afforded but little amusement, as tho dingy, I after ft^itl? dodging, was caught even without al plunge into the waißr. The band on board the steamer now pliycd the National Aiithem, and the holiday keepers on board the steamer and those on thore made amive home- ward, all parties being apparently well pleased with the day's sport. 