Meeting of Parliament. THE fflBST DISCUSSION. After the opening day of Parliament the House of Commons generally falls into a quiet, dreamy, idle state for a few days, meeting at the usual hour and rising about 6 or 7 o'clock. But this year it started into life and energy, and went to work at once; and there is every appearance of a lively if not a very effective session ahead. Mr Charles iSuxton had the honour ot in troducing the first contested motion and of setting the division bells ringing for the first time. It would appear that Mr Boston had no wish to set these bells ringing. Satisfied with Lord Palmerston's explana tion, Mr Buxton would have withdrawn his motion, and the famous Kagosima business which had been so much talked about, and at one time seemed portentous of damage if not of rain to the Government, would have ended in smoke. But Lord Robert Cecil and a few of the lively spirits who cluster round his lordship below the gangway wonld not have it so, and when Mr Speaker put the question that the motion be withdrawn, they shouted out ' No !' so loudly that Mr Speaker was obliged to say ' the noes have it.9* And here it may be mentioned that, when once a motion is made it becomes the property of the House, and cannot be with drawn without the consent of the House. Generally, the llouse is glad to allow motions to be withdrawn; but on this occa sion, at the instigation of Lord Robert and his friends, it refused. But the House did not, after all, divide upon Mr Buxton's motion; for^when it had refused to allow Mr Buxton to withdraw bis motion, Lord Palmerston, like the clever tactician which he is, dexterously moved*' the previous question' — that is to say, moved that Mr Buxton's motion be not put, and it was upon this motion that the House divided. ' A motion has been made,' said the Speaker, ' that this House, while only im puting to Admiral Kuper a misconception of the duty imposed on him, deeply regrets the burning of Kagosima, as being contrary to those usages of war which prevail among civilized nations, and to which it is the policy and duty of civilized nations to adhere to. Since when the previous ques tion has been moved. The question which I have to put is that the question be now put.' And upon this the House divided, and tbe '* noes' beat the ' ayes** by 16 i to 85\. Of course, after this, the business was over. Mr Buxton's motion might, how ever, have been brought on again on another day, as the House had only decided that the motion ' be not now put.' If the House had decided in the affirmative, Mr Speaker would have proceeded to put the main question at once; for the House having decided that tbe question now be put, no further debate or amendment could be allowed. To strangers ' the previous ques tion' is puzzling at first sight; bat after a little reflection it is found simple enough. It is a convenient plan for avoiding giving an opinion. It has often proved a capital loophole for harassed Ministers, and very acceptable to timid, hesitating, undecided, wavering politicians. *' I cannot vote with you ; my people will call me to account if I do,' such is the language to the Treasury whip of a member who usually supports the Government, ' and I do not like to vote against yon; why not put the ' previous question,' and let us escape that way.' ' But*' it may be asked, ' would not a man's constituents be as likely to call a member to account for avoiding the question as they would be if he had voted wrongly upon it?' To which it may be answered, ' Very few of said constituents would understand the business ; and to the few sharp fellows who did the member, when catechised, might say, * Well, my dear fellows you see if we had gone to a division on the mainqoestion, we should have been in such a miserable minority that I thought it better to avoid it altogether; but, if the main question had been put, I should certainly have voted against the Government.' ' And now a word or two upon the honourable gentleman who brought this question before the House. Mr Buxton is unquestionably a clever man. He can write well and speak well. He can get up a case satisfactorily enough — few men better — and he can make his case clear to his hearers through the medium of an easy, flowing and graceful style. His facts are arranged in admirable order; his reasoning is on all occasions clear and cogent; and his language is as flowing, and smooth, and pellucid as a summer stream. What, then, does he lack to qualify him to bring before the House such a subject as this ? Graphic skill, force, energy, passion; in short, some of the higher qualities of the true orator. Mr Buxton described the burning of Kago sima, but, somehow, no one saw it. It was still a long way off, He convinced the judgment, but he did not rouse the feelings. ' This gentleman,' said a member, ' has not devil enough in him for a business like this;' by which he meant that he is too amiable, too placid, and is incapable of anger. Injustice should always move to anger. The House listened to Mr Buxton with placid, languid assent; but, if it did not condemn, neither did it applaud. In short, it was not moved; and yet, if ever there was an incident brought before the House calculated to move it to the depths, it was the incident of the burning of Kago sima — a vast city destroyed in a few hours. FUN OUT OP HALT. Would any one suppose that fun, or rather a vein of humour, could be struck out of a debate on a bill to allow malt to be used in the feeding of cattle ? Yet even out of sach a barren source a tolerably jolly discussion was got. In the first place, this is one of Mr Gladstone's little bills and every one knows how assiduously he watches over these petlings of his, and, as on this occasion be happened to be absent when it was called on, he was subjected to a sice little shower of 'chaff,' which, he bore with a grim good-humour peculiar to himself. Then Mr Morriit, a comparatively new member, who last session, in a speech which showed him to be possessed of a rollicking kind of humour and an odd turn of phrase, beneath which larks no little good sense and a straightforward way of looking at things, came out in still greater force, and amused the House and something more, for he got cheered as well as laughed with, for a pleasant 20 minutes. As Mr G. W. Bentinck, took special pains to come oat in this debate in bis peculiar semi forcible style, it is a fitting place to mention a little circumstance which has come about in relation to him this session. By virtue of a courtesy which prevails, and which allows certain members to appropriate to themselves particular seats, and which by degrees rises to the height oi prescription, Mr Bentinck has long occupied without dispute the last seat on the second Opposition bench above the gangway. It was with surprise, therefore, that it was observed that after the first night of the session he vacated this place and attempted to effect a lodgment on the front row below the gang way. His first effort was promptly and sternly met by Mr Roebuck, to whom belongs the front seat on this bench; his next essay was fruitless, because Lord Robert Cecil would not yield a place that nobody ever thinks of taking from him; next came a repulse from Lord Robert Montagu, who is not likely to -cede his pretensions to anything distinctive to any man; and, last and unkindest cat of all, when Mr Bentinck tried for the fourth place he was absolutely obliged to knock under to Mr Alderman Rose, who, happening to be Lord Mayor when he was elected to Parliament, was probably on that account allowed to seize on this, which is an advantageous position in the House. And so Mr Bentinck flits like a tall ghost about the bench on which he desires to settle; bat, finding no per manent rest there, he keeps warm those of the regular occupants while they are absent, and goes out of the House when they are all present. Carious persons are asking what is the reason of this, ia itself, perhaps small, but certainly unusual, circumstance. Who has turned Mr Bentinck out of a seat he has so long occupied without the shadow of a claimant to it ? — Home Neves. 