HOME CORRESPONDENCE. IFrom our London Correspondent.! London. April 26. The hero of this month a news is, beyond all question, Garibaldi, uud hh reception in Eng land tho topic which overshadows all others, in interest at leaBt, if not in intrinsic impor tance. J)or nearly a month the phlegmatic English people have been in a fever of excite ment, the like of which can scarcely have been surpassed in the annals of hero-worship. Much was expected in the way of demonstration and of gratification also ; but events have ran ahead of till expectation, and a great incident has been chronicled in our history, almost without our having intended that it should be so. Tho General arrived at Southampton from Caprera in the P. & 0\. Companj's steamer Ripon on Sunday, tho 3rd inst., and it being Sunday, the gay people of that town could nat give quite such a reception as they would have done had he arrived, as was expected, the day before. Still he received 'a thousand-voiced welcome, which was repeated and intensified the next day, when he received the address of the Town Council. For a week he was the guest of Mr. Seely, M.P., at his seat at Brooke, in the Isle of Wight— that honour able gentleman having thereby acquired a degree of fame which would hardly have been looked for by a Lincoln tradesman. During that time tho Isle of Wight was in a state of commotion, as indeed were Ports mouth and Southampton also. Deputations went down to secure promises of visits from the General to their respective towns. Special correspondents of the daily press chronicled all his movement?. Tho poet Tennjson, who lives on the island, spent much time with him, and Lord Shaftcsbury and other notables ? ? Mazzini included— went down to see him, and the telegraph was constantly at work to .arrange for his entry into London and his visits to the principal towns. ? Two bodies took upon themselves the work of preparation for the reception in the metro polis—a General Reception Committee bnd a Working Man's Committee — both being rather democratic in their complexion. The London and South Western Company supplied a special train, and allotted their goods station at Nine Elms for a reception hall, where some 3,000 persons, who had either subscribed to the reception fund, or had some other special claim, had- the right of entrSe. The scene on his arrival was a thrilling one, and will never be forgotten by those who had the good fortune to be present. The ardour with which the ' Liberator of Italy' was greeted was over whelming—except, perhap?, to Garibaldi, who has borne himself throughout with a composed majesty of manner which, combined with his noble countenance and picturesque costume, has filled all who have Been him with admira tioD'. . , .,. ,, \- But all that transpired within— addresses and replies, shouts and handkerchiefs— were nothing to what was witnessed through miles of London streets for hours subsequently. The working classes made the day a holiday, and the day wa« singularly fine. The Oddfellows, the Foresters, and other bodies, with flags and music, assembled in one long procession. The Btreete were crowded, and so were the windows and housetops, along the line of route. As a pageant it must be confessed it was a failure, for we do not understand Btreet-pageantry in England: and the length of the pro cession and the vastness of the concourse set almost all arrangement at defiance, and made the progress from Vauxhall to Stafford House a four hours' journey— at the rate of about a mile an hour ! But as a spec tacle, considered in its moral aspects, it was anblime. The enthusiasm of the people, high and low, was unbounded, and their patience and order so great that the simplest police arrangements sufficed. Except as regarded minor matters, there was nothing to occasion, the slightest regret, and Londoners, no less than Garibaldi himself, could look back upon the occurrences of the day with pleasure and with pride. ,' Up to the time of his arrival at the Duke of Sutherland's the General had been pretty much in the hands of the middle and working classes ; but Stafford House is the entree to the fashionable world, and though Garibaldi still showed himself to be as much a people's man as ever, he now became a lion iu aristocratic circles. That, indeed, is the only surprising part of the affair; for he has not hitherto been thought to be an idol of the Upper Ten . Thousand. But he was invited to banquets, at which both Whig and Tory leaders have been present; has gone in what may bo termed state to both the Opera Houses ; has had tho whole Sutherland family, Lord Shaftesbury, and namerous M.P.'s constantly at his elbow, as though he wielded a Bceptre and were the dis Denier of royal favours ; aud has given ' recep Sons,' to which the whole fashionable world has flocked. . ... I will not attempt to chronicle »U the General's movements— as every paper, in Eng land has done— to describe hfs two visits to the Crystal Palace, his admission to the freedom of the City of London and of tho Fishmongers' Company, his visit to Portsmouth Dockyard aud Woolwich Arseaal, to (he Houses of Par liament, and to Bedford for the special and practical purpose of seeing a steam-plough at work, nor can I advert to his more private visits to individuals— to Mazzini, Mr. Stans feld, Mr. Taylor, M.P., sad to Italian*, Poles, and others, towards whom he must have felt himself drawn as by irresistible attrac tion. It must suffice to say that from early in the morning till late at night Garibaldi has been coming in contact with all classes of the London publio ; that crowds have waited for him wherever there' was a chance of seeing him— the weather being splendid nearly the whole time; that the ad miration with which he is regarded has in creased day by day; and that he has conducted himself with a degree of simplicity, of kindli ness, and of gratefulness which have made people love the look of him, listen with emotion to his voice, and look back upon his career with wonder and with reverence. It is a thousand pities that a visit begun under such auspicious circumstances should have come to an abrupt close, and under cir cumstances which have excited anger where previously there was a unity of national senti ment not often manifested in so marked a manner. But it is a fact that Garibaldi, instead of visiting Manchester, Birmingham, Newcastle, Glasgow, and other provincial towns, the inhabitants of which were pre paring for him ovationB as hearty, if not as imposing, as that given him in the metropolis, has suddenly resolved to quit England, and will in another day or two return to his solitary home in Caprera. I cannot undertake to say how this has come about. I can only state the facts as they appear on the surface. Yesterday week Garibaldi was at the people's fete at the Crystal Palace; and that morning a letter from Mr. Partridge, the surgeon, appeared, stating, for the comfort of his friends, that his general health was excellent. Yet during that very day there appeared another letter from another surgeon, the well-known Mr. Ferguson, stating that the General was injuring his health by incessant activity and excitement, and sug gesting the desirableness of his relinquishing the proposed visit to tho provinces; and accompanying this was the announcement that ho would immediately return home. It cume upon tho people like a thunderclap, and instantly suspicion was felt that the plea of ill- health wbb a pretence, and that for political reasons Garibaldi was to be hurried but of England. The facts looked ugly enough certainly. The French Emperor was assumed not to be pleased at what was occurring on this side the Channel, and Lord Clarendon had just been to Paris. The Conference on the affairs of Denmark was also to assemble in a week, and it was supposed that that had something to do with tho event. For a few hours there was a danger of a political storm which would have svept away the Minis'ry; but the next night both Lord Palmerston and Lord Clarendon declared in Parliament that the popular sus picion was uufounded ; that tho French Em peror had expressed admiration, rather than displeasure, at tho recent expression of feeling on the part of the English people ; and that Garibaldi was acting on tho udviue of friends only. Subsequently Mr. Gladstone mado another explanatory statement, to the effect that he and other friends of the General had been consulted by the Duke of Sutherland, who had become anxious about the work cut out for him in the provinces, and wished him to be advised to visit only seven or eight instead of 20 or 30 towns. Mr. Gladstone undertook to make tho suggestion to Garibaldi— a circum stance which, not unnaturally, led to the6uppo sision tbat he had acted for the Government. But the General refused to take the hint, saying that he could not select some towns and disappoint others, and that Mfr would rather return, and come again at a future time. Not all the requests and remonstrances of excited Committees and deputations have availed to dissuade him from doing what he soys he is 'obliged' to do. Ho has therefore issued an address of grateiul thanks to tbo English people, spent a quiet two days at the Duke of Sutherland's feat near Maidenhead, going from there to General Peard's (' Garibaldi's Englishman') in Corn wall, from which he will sail in the Duko of Sutherland's jacht to Caprera, the Duke and Duchess accompanying him. Evidently we have not' got to the bottom of tho mystery. Judging from a hint in Mr. Gladstone's speech, I think that Garibaldi's aristocratic friends were afraid, not only that his provincial tour would be of a le-s dignified character than his reception in London, but that a questionable use might be made of his visit when ho would be in the hands of tho unrestrained democrats of the north. If no political motive influenced Garibaldi's advisers, they have been unfortu nate in adopting a course which necessarily exposed them to grave suspicion, and should have shown their kindness in a less abrupt and bungling fashion. To Garibaldi's admirers in the country it is a bitter disappointment, for which London and Londoners will not be thanked. But, notwithstanding this draw back, it cannot be doubted that Garibaldi's visit has been a great event for him, for Italy, and for oppressed nationalities everywhere. It must leave its mark on the popular mind ; and when wo hear, as we shall do ia enming days, of stirring events at Rome and at Venice the heart3 of Englishmen will thrill as they could never have thrilled had not the brave and unselfish Italian have visited our shores. I should add that it was intended to arrange for the presentation of an address to Gari baldi from Australians in London, and u meeting was called far the purpose; but the notice was too ehort, and it was held on tho day the General was at the Guildhall. There were present gentlemen from Victoria, Sydney, Adelaide, and Auckland ; but in consequence of the smnUuess of the attendance, and the fact that Garibaldi was about to leave, it was thought better to abandon the idea. Never mind. There are plenty of addresses which were adopted, but which have not been pre sented ; and Garibaldi has by this time seen enough of Englishmen to believe that, whether they have lived all their lives at home, or have been to the other sido of the world, their love of liberty is unquenchable. The Parliamentary history of the month has been of a more than usually interesting cha racter. When Parliament reassembled after Easter rumours prevailed that the Opposition would make a grand assault on the Treasury bench. Some of the party had been over to Paris, where fresh evidence inculpating Mr. Stansfdd in tho Greco-Mazzini plot had been collected; and it was expected that, as tho result, either him or the Ministry would be driven from office. But when the House of CommonB met it was seen that the scheme had been defeated by an unlooked-for occurrence. Mr. Stansfeld took his seat below tho gangway, instead of on the front bench. He had leaigned! Then, speaking once more as an independent member, and with all the greater freedom for the change, he not only repeated his denial of all complicity in the alleged plot, but disposed of the facts which had assumed so damaging a shape in the French capital. The Conservative leaders were absent, and so there was no retractation, and none of that display of generous feeling which is usually elicited by Buch statements as that of Mr. Stansfeld on this occasion. Much sym pathy with him is expressed in independent, political circles as having been the victim in part of political persecution, and in part of his own mistake ; but he leaves office a more im portant man than when he entered the Ministry, and as his character is untarnished and his reputation for ability has increased, he may be expected to enter another Liberal Ministry— if we see one within a reasonable time. Another member of the Government has also fallen in the guerilla warfare, in which the Opposition is now engaged. Mr. Lowe, the Vicc-Preaident of the Privy Council Com mittee for Education, has never been a popular member of the Administration, his style of speech being as sharp and unconciliatory as it is able. Added to this, bis known connection ? with the Times has caused him to be looked upon with , suspicion ; while he has drawn upon himself the anger of a host of educa tionalists for his attempts to out down the expenditure on education by means of a revised code. I referred last month to the fact that he had been obliged to abandon a new Minute, and since then he has been charged'by Lord Robert Cecil with mutilating the reports of School Inspectors by publishing what coincided with the views of the Board, and suppressing contrary opinions. Lord Robert's motion, de precating the practice, was carried by a small majority ; and Mr. Lowe forthwith did— what he is said, through the columns of the Time*, to have urged his colleague, Mr. Stanefeld, to do— resigned office. He is supposed to have done this because he was not sufficiently sup ported by the Government, and because Lord Palmerston had declined to ask the House to rescind its vote. Then came Mr. Lowe's un official vindication of himself, and it is proved to be so complete that probably the House wished that it could undo what it had done. I must refer to his speech for a statement of the frets ; but it ippean that the hostile vote was ' mainly occasioned by the handing iibout among the members of an ' Inspector's 'report; marked by one of the underlings without Mr. Lowe's knowledge, - ?????)? ' . This, with, other events' occurring at tho samo time, has brought about a series of Ministerial changes. , The Duke of Newcaitle has at length resigned the Colonial Secretary ship, and at one time I feared tbat this mail would carry out news of his decease. He is now, however, said to be improving, though his condition is admitted to be critical. His successor is Mr. Cardwell, hitherto Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster—a well-trained Peelite, of good abilities and unexceptionable manners. Perhap?, for the colonies this sub stitution is not a gain ; for the Duke of New castle could act with a degree of boldness, as well as with a breadth of view, scarcely likely to be displayed by his successor; but Mr. Cardwell will; be a safe and painstaking ad ministrator, and will be likely faithfully to act up to the new established principles of colonial rule, as wril as to pay respectful at tention to the wishes of the colonists. I may add that Mr. Chichester Forteacue has been made a Privy Councillor — I suppose to recon cile him to the fact' tbat he is no longer chief representative of the Colonial Office in the Lower House. It would be well if Mr. Cardwell made it his first business to search through all the contents of bis predecessor's pigeon-holes, to see that there are no unopened despatches or memorials from South Australia, or elsewhere, on the transportation or any other colonial question. It has been suggested to me that the appoint ment ef a new Colonial Secretary affords a good opportunity for another deputation to the Colonial Office to endeavour to put the tran sportation question on uu intelligible and lasting basis. I think the suggestion is not a bad one, for if the Dake of Newcastle would plead ignorance of the feelings of any of the colonists, bis successor maybe able to do so much more plausibly. Mr. Stansfeld'a post has been given to Mr.: Childors, the member for Pontefract; Mr. Baxter, to whom it was offered, being unable to accept it. Thus, while one ex-legislator from the colonies goes out, another comes into the Ministry at home ; Mr. Childers having, I think, displayed more interest in colonial matters than Mr. Lowe. Mr. Bruce exchanges the Under Secretaryship at the Home Office for the office given up by Mr. Lowe. Mr. Baring, tho Indian Under Secretary, goes to the Home Offico ; and Lord Wodchouse is to have the Indian Under Secretaryship. ' The almost sinecure post of Chancellor of tho Duchy of Lancaster has been accepted by Lord Clarendon, whose accession to Jho Govern ment will, it is thought, strengthen Lord Russell, and may also pave the way for more important changes. This shifting of the cards is connected with another incident which I have not yet men tioned. Mr. Disraeli has called attention to the fact, hitherto unnoticed, that a curious* legal blunder has been committed by the Government, in connection with appointments to tho Under Secretaryship of State. By law only four such functionaries can sit and vote ia the House of Commons ; but since the appointment of Lord Harlington, five have both sat and voted, and, as Mr. Disraeli solemnly reminded the House, a vote more or less on the Ministerial side in these days makes all the difference between victory and defeat. Lord Palmerston has admitted the illegality of the proceeding, and good-humouredly divided . the blame between the Government and the Opposition. The timely resignation of Mr. Lowe has made it possible at once to restore the balance by putting an UnderSecre tary in tho other House; but it is a nice point whetheritiBthelast-appointedfunctionary,Lord Harlington, who has been sitting illegally, or whether all the Under-Secrctaries are iu the same boat. This, together with the question of an Indemnity Act, has been referred to the consideration of a Select Committee. Mr. Gladstone's Budget has been tho most practical Parliamentary event of the month. By the public at large it was looked for with out excitement, for its leading features had been pretty generally anticipated; but the anxiety of individuals to hear the great financier on the occasion was unprecedented. 'Strangers' actually took up their pssitions in Westminster Hull ns early as 7 o'clock ia the morning, and the gallery was opened at 12 instead ol at 4 o'clock. Those who succeeded in getting in could not have been disappointed. It waa not so great a speech as some that have pre ceded it ; but it was pre-eminently symmetrical in arrangement and clear in statement, and was characterized by the vivacity and the high moral tone which distinguish nearly all Mr. Gladstone's speeches. It was known that he would have a good surplus to deal with, and it proves to be £2,800,000. He disposes of this in a way calculated to gratify several classes. The income-tax is reduced from.7d. to 6d. The sugar duty is reduced. Hawkers, clergyman, refreshment home-keepers, and public companies are benefited by the remis sion of special taxation of no great amount. And the advocates of a reduction of the duty on fire insurance are met by a reduction of tho duty on stock-in-trade from 3s. to Is. 6d. The Chancellor of the Exchequer grappled boldly and successfully with the malt tax repealers, threw out some suggestive hints about the income tax, and finally supple mented bis statement relative to the growing prosperity of the nation by adverting to the vast amount of pauperism existing, and in sisting onco more on the necessity for a reduc tion in the national expenditure. Tho success of the Budget was ensured by the reception it immediately met with, and its various details are likely to be adopted with less than the usual opposition or criticism. An attempt has been made to pit malt against sugar, but it egregiously failed, even the Tory leaders voting with the Ministry. The attempt to further reduce the fire in surance duty lias also been unavailing, and the advocates of a uniform instead of a classified duty on sugars have been ' nowhere' . in the division list Mr. Gladstone's success has therefore been complete, and he will, I think, also succeed in carrying his Government Annuities Bill, since, though he has been obliged to let it go to a Select Committee, he has defeated an attempt to open an enquiry into the principle of the outline, which would have had the effect of shelving it for the session. When Mr. Gladstone lately told the working men that he thought they had not been well treated in respect to the franchise, and that he should have something to say about it in another place, it waa surmised that the Govern ment was about again to hoist the reform flag with a view to the next election. What has happened to Mr. Locke King's Bill for reducing the county franchise to £10 has not counte nanced that supposition, for not only was the Bill defeated by 254 to 227 votes, but Lord Palmerston supported it only that ho might make the £10 £20 in Committee, and also mode a speech calculated to encourage Liberals to desert the author of the Bill. There has been a Reform Conference at Manchester, convened by working men; but it excited so little enthusiasm that there were not more than 200 persons at the Free Trade Hall meeting. It is because of this apathy kand its probable effect on the Liberal party at an eleotion tint the Conser vatives look forward to the public so jubi lantly, and that Sir Stafford Northcote has lately been making a slashing party speech at Exeter, to incite the party to fresh efforts. The pleasure with which the public learned that the Queen was about to hold some recep tion?, and in' other ways to show herself among them, has been damped by the post ponement of one of thorn, because Her Majesty is suffering from neuralgia, and still more by an announcement-, just out, evidently by the Queen herself. The idea that she 'is about to resume the place in society which she occupied before her great affliction' cannot ' be too explicitly contradicted.' She will do what she can to gratify the public wish in this matter; but she has higher duties to perform than to take part in public ceremonials ' which can be equally well performed by other members of her family.' Those higher duties she cannot neglect, and they 'weigh uncea singly upon her, overwhelming her with work and anxiety.' She will do what she can to afford encouragement to trade in the manner least trying to Her health and spirits ;' but 'more the Queen cannot do, and more the kindness and good feeling of her people will surely not exact from her.' This mournful explanation and remonstrance will, it ia to be hoped, at least shut the mouths of those who, for their own pleasure or profit, have been trying to drive her out of her privacy ; but it is a melancholy notification, since it looks like an intimation that the Queen has finally withdrawn from that outer circle iu which ro)alty has in recent times displayed itself to Buch advantage. Lord Chelmsford has been calling attention in tho House of Lords to what he term*, the complete failure of the Land Transfer Act, only. 65 applications having been made and 11 estates registered under it. He said that the truth was that the Act was one for the regis tration of deeds, and not of titles ; but it was possible it might be amended. To that the Lord Chancellor replied that many of the earlier Acts of the like nature had been in operative at first, and that, notwithstanding the opposition ' of the great solicitors, nearly two millions worth of property had been brought into the office. Was that, ho asked, a failure ? Tho solicitors admitted thit they kept the Act from the knowledge of their clients because of its probable effect on them selves; but he intended to bring in a Bill regulating solicitors' charger, so as to remove their objections. He said that if there was any act of his public life by which he would desire to bo remembered hereafter, it would be tho introduction of this Land Transfer Act. The Times has followed up Lord Westbury's advertisement of his Act by insisting tbat it is only necessary to make known the benefit offered by the Act, and recommexding land owners not to trouble their solicitors, but to go straight to tbe Registration Office. If the transportation question does not now attract as much attention in England as it did a few months ago, the consideration of the best mode of dealing with the criminal class is forced upon us by circumstances. Thus the Grand Jury at the Gloucester Assizes have called attention to the fact that of the prisoners committed iu 1862 nearly 10,000 had ' been previously convicted five times or. oftener, and yet in the sama year the sentences to penal servitude for above 10 years amounted to only 146, and for above six years to only 652. They therefore urge that sentences of longer dura tioh should be passed, whether the punishment be transportation or penal servitude; while they also express the opinion that it is highly : inexpedient that a convict who has been con victed of murder and sentenced to hanging, but whose sentence has been commuted, should be allowed the indulgence granted to other convict?, and especially should not be entitled to a commutation of sentence, by ticket-of-leave or otherwise. This sugges tion is made with reference to the Penal Servitude Bill, which has gone through Committee,- and Mr. Hunt, a Northampton shire Justice, has defeated the Government by carrying a clause requiring ticket-of-leav? men to report themselves monthly to the police, or oftener, if they remove from place to place. This is, practically, the adoption of the Irish plan, which has been the subject of eo much controversy. : . ; I observe that the Judges during the recent Assizes have made u liberal use of their newly acquired power to order the infliction of the lash pu offenders of the garotting class. The Marquis ofWestmeath has also brought in a Bill for the infliction of flopging on accom plices in the commission of criminal assaults on women. It is not pleasant to find ourselves slipping back into tbe adoption of what we hsd come to regard as barbarous modes of punish ment, but the determination of our colonies not to allow the overflow of our moral filth on to their shores will drive us into experiments some of which, may be expected to fail. 'A Prisoner in Alderney'— who, I suppose* wants company — writes to tbo Times to sug gest that, as Parliament will not vote more money to finish tho harbour at* Alderney, con victs shall be sent there to do it. The island of Alderney, he says, appears to have been in tended by nature and art for a convict settle ment, being surrounded by rocks and currents and strongly fortified, whilo the whole of it belongs to the Crown. . I was mistaken in Baying last month that the valedictory service in connection with the de parture of the Rev. JV Graham . for Sydney had been held, though there had been one leave taking on the part of a section of' his friends. The actual valedictory service- was a painfully interesting one, Craven Chapel being crowded in every part, and many of the leading ministers and laymen of the Independent body being present. The Chairman (ilr. Morley) said that he believed that the claims of the colonies had been too much disregarded at home, and, though he was sorry to lose Mr. Graham, ho would comfort his Church with the statement that wherever a Church had willingly parted with its pastor to goto the colonies, it had been very successful in finding a suitable successor. The Rev. J.L. Poore spoke in warm terms of the Australian Colonies, as the result of more than ten years' experience, and was sure that Britain would have no reason to be ashamed ot her children there, He enlarged on the importance of the position of Sydney, and on the religious influence it was. capable of exerting, and said that he had boen fortunate in having Mr. Graham suggested to him as the right man to go before ho (Mr. Poore) had been forty-eight hours in London. Mr. Graham himself, in a deeply-interesting address, said he had been led, as he believed, in the providence of God, to acquire an amount of information respecting Australia which qualified him more than most men for accepting the post to which he was invited ; yet, nevertheless, he had for months deliberated whether ho should go or not. The Rev. W. Landulls, who also spoke, explained why he did not go when asked, and gave as one reason that he was not invited by a settled congregation, as was Mr. Graham. He, how ever, added that he hoped to pay a visit to Australia next year, if his people would give him six or eight months' leave of absence. Mr. Graham sailed for Sydney on the UMi inst., laden with presents and good wishes, and if prayers offered on his behalf are answered there is a great future before him. The last Cape mail has brought news of the effort of Bishop Gray and his two colleagues in: the. episcopate to steer clear of the legal difficulties which the recent decision in Mm Long's case has put in the way of episcopal action in the colonies. The minutes of the Synod of the Bishops of this province of Cape Town are lengthy, and must be referred to rather than be summarzad ; but I greatly1 doubt whether the Bishops have got rid of tho control of the English Courts, by declaring that the Church in South Africa is independent because it is unestablished. The Duke of New castle has also sent out a despatch to the Cape (which was also Bent to Canada), calling attention to the effect of the recent judgment, and offering suggestions, the'drifuot which is that colonial churchmen must be careful to re frain from attempting anything approaching to jurisdiction in temporal matters. It is a well meant document, but not much calculated to help those to whom it is addressed ; both be cause it is not free from perplexity, and because it does not point out how it is possible to exer cise spiritual functions without in some degree interfering with civil matters. The case of: Episcopalians in the colonies in tho matter of self- government is embarrassing enough, and the issue of the proceedings in tho Colcnio case is likely to make it more so. The time for the Bishop's retractation is passed, and if the Bishop of Cape Town doposes him, how is a successor to bo appointed with tbe present Bishop's royal patent still in existence? Mr. Gold win Smith, who considers that the colonists of Australia have gained a final victory on the question of transportation, thinks the event a very instructive one. The fact that the Government has been obliged to give way shows, he thinks, the unreality of the dominion exercised by the mother country over practically independent communities ; while it also shows the danger of a rupture which is involved in the present system, and dissipates the graceful fiction ' that in keeping the colonies in a state of dependence we are educating nations.' He refers to that class of colonists who are in favour of transportation simply because they look upon the colonies as markets in which they may make fortunes to enable them to . return to this country, and thinks that an Australian interest at home will be no greater benefit to the colonies than the. East or West India interests have been. Deprecating the growth of a body of mere mercantile adventurers, he expresses satisfaction at the check ihat class has lately received in China andJapau; but fears for the full of the Maories in New Zealand, whom the Government has handed over to the colonist?, to bo beheaded as aliens and enemies. He denounces the Confiscation Act in searching term?, and declares thar, if it be sanctioned by our Government,' it will make England a party to as gross and dastardly an act of injustice as ever sullied the honour of a great nation.' Whatever may be thought of the Professor's theories, he has a wonder fully quick eyp, and a wide range of observation in detecting faots which can bo in any way used in support of his views. There has been laid before Parliament a collection of papers relating to the recent attempt of certain Peruvian merchants to revive the' Blave trade in the South Seas. The British Gavernmenr, and tbe Peruvian Government also, together with our fellow countrymen in Australia, hare reason to congratulate themselves on their success in patting an end to so iniquitous a design. There are three or, lour books devoted to Australian topics, which arc just now going the round of the reviewers. The most impor tant of these is Mr. Westgarth's ' Colony of Victoria,' in noticing which the Star points out the necessity for the production of some thing more than superficial books of travel or manuals for emigrants, now that the Aus tralian Colonies ate becoming wealthy and populous states. The great interests now at stake, and the great prospect before them, require the production of works of an exten sive and thoroughly trustworthy character, and the critic proceeds to speak of Mr. West garth's work as worthy to take a place among standard works on the colonies. Mr. Hsj wood's 'Vacation Tour at the Antipodes' is probably one of the class of books disparaged b/ the Star critic; and I observe that tbe reviewers cannot say more for it than that it { contains nothing objectionable ! The author , writ* fom an anti coloniil point of view, not being pleased with what be s«w of colonial life, and strongly deprecating indiscriminate emigration. Another writer, Elizabeth Mur ray,- has written a novel— 'Ella Norman ; or a Woman's Perils' — to discourage female emigra tion to Australia. She is evidently one of those who ought to be discouraged— for her own sake, if uot for that of others ; for being one of the ultra-genteel class, the colonies are, in her eyes, insufferably vulgar, and the Irish emi grants arc especially objectionable. Neverthe less, she is obliged to admit that the Irish im prove in tbe colonies, so that they acquire both money and influence. I suppose that the fact is known in the colony, though 1 have seen no announcement of the fact here, that the Bill passed by your Legislature legalziing marriage with a deceased wile's sister has been again disallowed by the Crown, on the groand of its contrariety to the laws of England. But I imagine that the Colonial Legislature will persist, and byand by it is hoped that ; a more advanced state of feeling on the question, in, England will; remove the obstacle to the* realization of iU wishes. _; .. ? ? _, * ? It is singular how completely the Lanca shire distress question has been pushed out of the public view by other topics. This, how ever, is partly the result of the gratifying fact that the number of the unemployed hands continues to decrease ; and as the importations of cotton at Liverpool have lately been enormous, it may be expected that tbe improve ment will be progressive. At one of the recent weekly meetings of the Cotton Supply Asso ciation a letter was read describing the cotton growing efforts of a colonist near Adelaide, who bad received a supply of seed from the Asso ciation. He speaks of the season as having been very unfavourable, the winter being wet and the summer cool, and says it will be impos sible to calculate what hi* crop will be ; but as some of last year's is valued at 3s. Cd. per lb., he believes cotton will remunerate the former better than wheat. He, however, adds that, as a body, tbe farmers do not give the attention to the matter which it deserves. After the Garibaidian demonstration, the Danish question still chiefly occupies all minds. Tho poor Danes are in a very painful position. They are losing all save honour. The Danne werke went last month, and now does not exist ; then village after village was occupied by the Germans; then Duppel was besieged and now Duppel is taken. , This Sebastopol of Denmark has since April 18, when the grand assault took place, been in the possession of the Prussians, and there is very little fo pre vent the enemy from marching straight upon Copenhagen. ; . . The history of the 'Danish question during the last month has, with this exception, not been a very eventful one, and the siege of Duppel will not tako the historian long to write. It commenced in thorough earnest on the 28th March, when an attack was made, along tho - whole line of the fortifications. The engagement lasted several hours, and ended in the defeat of the Prussians. This defeat was a disgraceful one, for the Prussian soldiors absolutely refused to fight. They could not stand the' musket fihot of the Danes, and the raking fire of the ' Rolfe Krake,' which steamed into the har bour and poured grapeshot and shell right' into the midst of the Prussian ranks. This brilliant engagement has been brilliantly described by 'Our special correspondent.' The Times' description is especially good. The writer saw the whole of what was going for ward, and has given, a perfect photograph of the scene. It opens with fine artistic effect :— 'It was not more than half-past 3. It was onoof the loveliest mornings lever saw here. The air was perfectly still, and the larks were soaring up into heaven with their sweet morning hymn. The moon was far down on tho western horizon, with a morning planet in hpr suite, which I think must have been Mercury. The stsrs were all out. Behind us was the faintest possible streak of earliest dawn. The cannonade from the Danish bastion was terrific, the rattle of the shells and bursting incessant ; and, as an accompaniment to the roaring muBi'c, the musketry fire swelled up in the air active and lively. Above the somewhat mufilod grumbling of the common musket, we could easily discern the sharp ringing ping ! ping ! of the Prussian zundnahel setoehr. The air was all alive with flashes of fire, and the smoke lingered pale and ghastly over the vast landscape; the smoke in a thousand puffs from largo and small firearms ; the smoke also from a. vast* conflagration' arising from the doomed houses of the unfor tunate Duppel village. It was a scene worth walking many hundred miles to see— a scene worth waiting for many a long, w^ary day. Above' the noise of cannon and musket we could hear the hurrahs of the Prussian?, and the counter-cheers of the Danes.' Then-comes the first movement of the Danish army :— ' Battalion followed battalion ; cavalry pressed on infantry ; battery, pushed on after cavalry; the walk broke into a run; swiitly and eagerly tbe column advanced, combining: the utmost speed with the most admirable order. The ardour of these brave Danes shcok my prudent resolution; I followed Captain Fallesen's battery, the 11th, across the bridge, ascended the fort at the tite-de-pont, then fol lowed the road up to the vicinity of the Duppel windmill. The whole movement of the army was managed with the most praiseworthy method and precision. Tho pioneers were at their places on the pontoons; the palisades were lined with riflemen; every soldier* fell into line as if by instinct; the masses of in fantry were deployed as they issued from the defilo of the lSle-de-pont, and formed in long denso lines all along the crest of the hills. It was about 5 when I reached the Duppel wind mill, and there was for about half an hour something like a lull in the musketry fire. The Prussians bad evidently suffered a first repulse, and were preparing for a second onset. At half-past 5 the action brightened up again, and slackened once more towards '7 o'clock.' The gallant Rolfo Krake at this time makes her appearance, and one can almost share in! the excitement of .the writer when he says that to seethe icon-clad steaming up was 'one of the most glorious sights' he ever witnessed. She did her work well, and, according to a: writer in the German army, astonished as much as baulked the Prussians. This gentleman Bays ;— 'The unexpected revival of the Rolfc Krake, so long inactive, has made quite a sen-j Bation. Gliding ghostlike through the gloom past the astonished batteries, when she got to the inner end of the Venningbund (where there is plenty of water) she went about and lay with her stem pointing seawards, ready for departure at short notice. Thence, at ? dis tance of about 600 paces, she sent grape at the infantry, which stood without' cover from her fire. The Prussians talk of the peculiar noise made by the rush of the heavy shells she fired. The 'grape was of a kind habitually used on board ship. When she had done her work, the Danish monitor sent a couple of shells at Schmoel, a village a little north of Broacker, and about half a mile from the water, and then she departed— probably uninjured, per haps even untouched, although it is reported that four shots from* the Gammelsmark batte ries bit her.. This may or may not be, but in any case it was a dashing thing to run into tbe very., heart, it* may be said, of the enemy's lines, braving such batteries as those which now. command the entrance to the Venning bund— batteries vastly superior in weight of metal to those which so maltreated her at Eckernsund.' ; . : ; ;,]'..,, Three assaults were' made' this! day, and at each the Prussians were driven back. At last they retired venting their rage in a sullen storm of shot and shell at the untaken works. By-the-bye, ' au Englishman, the Hon. A. Herbert, brother of the Earl of Carnarvon, made himself very conspicuous in the battle. Right before the enemy he stepped forth from the Danish fortifications and drew in a wounded soldier— an act which was greeted with tremendous applause, and has been re warded by the Xing of Denmark in the pre sentation of one of tbe highest Danish orders. ; What were the Prussians to do now ? Only one course lay before them— to follow up seige operations by digging parallel after parallel, and so getting nearer to the fortifications. This they did, and did with part success, and so day by day the news came tbat parallel No. 1 was finished and occupied ; then came No. 2, and then No. 3, and so on until the assailants were within 300 yards of D u ppel. All this time a frightful cannonading took place, but the Prussians were not satisfied with the cannonade of fortifications. On the tights of the 2nd and 3rd April they commenced, without the smallest warning, tbe bombard ment of Sondorburg, a town of 4,000 inhabi tant*, and threw their shells right into the midst of the women and children. This act has caused unbounded indignation throughout Europe. It was a violation of all the practices of civilized warfare, as cowardly as it was brutal. For 48 hours the fire was kept up. The town was burned and destroyed, and tbe inhabitants, such as were uot killed, made to fly for their lives boneless md mined. Amongst those who were compelled to quit were the newspaper correspondents, each one of whom has a tale to tell of the barbarity of the Prussian proceedings, tbe suflerinfs of tbe people, Their own adventures after ttw fr search of lodgings arc not a little amusing ; but they could not forget what they had seen. This w a picture taken between the first and second bombardments of the town :—w No-less than 90 or 100 dwelliugs in one cluster were made utterly uninhabitable ; about a tec-re were burnt to the ground, some of them wete still crackling and reeking; the furniture of many of them, rescued from the ruin*, was piled up, a miserable heap, in the middle of the street. People moved tbaut, gazing their full, forget ting their own errands in speechless contem plation of other people's trouble*. Business did not seem to have ceased in the town ; life was not to all appearance extinct. Most shops were open, never having been closed ; owners laid do claims to their property ; nor did any body covet what seemed to belong to nobody. The two streets eloping down on either side of the Town Hall were comparatively uninjured; but they were tho dullest and most deserted of the town districts. All interest centred on these poor fragments in the centre. At that window used to sit, and sat till last evening, a pretty milliner, the most arrant flirt of the town. There, past that gateway, that good old doctor stopped you, on hospitable thoughts intent, and offered you a bed, screened, as he fancied, by the position of his house, from the enemy's fire. Where are the bed and the house now ? What has become of tbe doctor? What of tbe little milliner ? Safe, somewhere or other, very likely; but their home is no more, Iu that house General Gerlaoh dined onlyyesterdsy ; further, theoffioers of the Staff welcomed you with a friendly smile not 24 hours since. This was the town Post Office; that tbe array Post-Office; yonder lies the Holstefnische Haus, long wonted to refresh us with its rancid emorbrod and bitter thin beer, Why, our familiar haunts of the last two months are all blotted out at one swoop ; our dearest associations with beleaguered Son derborg have vanished like a dream. And these poor inhabitants ? Why, to them the haunts of youth and age, the associations of a lifetime, are gone for ever. Tbe Prussians made their home a target for their untried artillery, and the substance of their life recol lect iouB was blown down to a mere blank.' Tbat day 22 inhabitants were picked out of the ruins, and the next night 57 more were found. 'Women and children were among the dead. A young shopkeeper and his pretty wife had closed their premises and were standing at their door ready to leave, when a Bhell burst almost at their feet, and their bodies were so shattered that the limbs of the Dne could not be told from those of the other. No intimation of tbe intended bombardment bad been given; the Prussians allowed not one minute for the removal of non combatants. The complete razing of Sonderborg, as they must be aware, would not dismount one single Binnon on tbe Duppel bastions, and all the havoc of the last two days did not weaken the Danish position by a tittle. Anything more wanton, more objectless, or void of all result than all this noisy cannonade the annals of war liave not on record. Truly, the art of war is very difficult to compass, or tbe Germans of our timo are the merest bunglers at it. Here they have been for two months hammering iway at Duppel, and the result is tho profitless destruction of one-third of innocent Sonder borg.' The bombardment did not cease until the town was made, as it now is, uninhabitable, and Bverj form of life had been driven from it. In such way the Prussians have made war. What their motive in this case has been none can tell. I believe that it was mere wanton and savage cruelty, excited by their defeat on the 28th, and by the exasperating news telegraphed throughout Europe that their soldiers ran from the Danes, and flatly refused to fight any more. Then came the last episode of the siege }f Duppel. For days the Danes had seon their snemy slowly approaching them without the power to hinder their advance one inch, for their numbers were so. smali as to prevent sorties being made, and their guns only teld where one, if it was fired, could be imme diately dismounted by the heavy Prussian can non all the time the bombardment continued. We recollect the bombardment of Sebastopol just before the grand assault, but it was child's play compared with the bombardment of Duppel. It seems fabulous to read of tho number of shot and shell thrown into the rank*. Nothing was spared. The little army of 17,000 to 20,000 inside were doing nothing. Every day a hundred or two of their number were told off to the grander army of King Death.. At last came the assault, and after a desperate resistance they were driven out. We have had during the last few days tho particulars of this assault. It came a little earlier in than was expected, and a good deal earlier in the day than was expected. There was terrific fightiug ou both sidea, and the Prussians redeemed their reputation for bravery. But then theyVere more than two to one, and were bicked by some of the finest artillery in the world. Is it worth while drawing . the battle per force ? I think not. Every man can see it before him without the aid of words. The last soene in it represents the Danes at Alsen ex pecting every moment another attack, and knowing thst that attack means to them nothing but death, defeat, and capture. And still thty hold out, and still they are not un ready to fight. But they fight with sorrow ind despair, and simply inobedieucc to'orders. The last defeat cost two generals, 80 officers, snd something like 4,000 soldiers— a quarter of their whole army. And now what is to be done ? This is most probable— thar, in obedience to orders from Copenhagen^ the Danish army will' remain at Alsen, and, when it is attacked, fight until it is beaten. There is no use in thie, : but such appears to be Bishop Mourad'a will. It has transpired that the commander of the Danish forces at Duppel telegraphed just before the assault, asking whether it would not be better to abandon, without further lois of life, a posi tion which had become untenable. The Bishop's reply was they were to fi^htiothe last. What for? Heaven know?, but man does not. Not for territory, for the territory is sure to be captured; not for time, for tbe advance of the Prussians might tako place and be finished to-morrow ; not for bonour, for their honour is undisputed. I sup pose that two feelings may posBess the mind of tbe Danish Minister at this critical juncture, rhe first is fear of the people, who were on the eve of revolt when tbe Dannewerke was aban doned ; and the second is fear of the opinion at Europe. The first is something tangible ; bat then the Copenhagen people may well, |ust at present, be recklessly brave, because the war does not touch them. Bishop Monrad u a Boarageous man, but he evidently has not courage enough to be unpopular, which, if not the fiVat requisite of a statesman, is most certainly the first requisite of a patriot, is for the. public, opinion of Europe, it has already condemned the useless slaughter it Duppel in so strong language as, minus Grermany, it has condemned the whole of the proceedings of Austria and Prussia. The German Powers were never in so low a public position as they are now. They are despised m all hands, and every man's heart would leap with joy on hearing that they were to be token to task. Garibaldi's visit has strengthened this feeling, and all men expect tbat very soon we shall see Austria, at any rate, attacked. There is a map of Europe ' in 1865' now being jxhibited in the shop windows, which pretty faithfully, I tbiuk, represents in some points the general opinion of the people. In this Den mark, Sweden, and Norway are formed into a ' Scandinavian State ;' Germany is made homogeneous by the consolidation of all the present Powers into one German Empire; Italy is in possession of Rome and Venice; France has her Blune frontier and our Channel Islands; and Spain has regained possession of Gibraltar. England, I may add, is still in existence, and the Fenians, have not taken Ireland. A portion of this prophecy will do doubt be fulfilled before long. This map, however, has drawn my attention, is it did when I first saw it, from the subject in hand. What are we doing ia the Duriuh question? But, first, what have we done? We hsve had, at last, a good debate upon it in Parliament, in which Mr. Bernal Osborne led the assault on tbe Ministry. His was, of course, a clever speech, and he had well read up hu case. It is thought that he expected to be supported by the Tories; but, unfortu nately for him, Mr. Disraeli himself gave notice that when Mr. Osborne should make his motion he should move the previous ques tion. The result was that Mr. Osborne was nowhere. All parties, in fact, are agreed that it is unwise to open up this question just at preient, and even the Tories have made an explicit declaration that England mnnot go to war for it. What, then, is there as between two political parties to de bate? Simply tbe conduct of recent nego tiations, which are no doubt open to tome criticism, and in a few cases a rather unsparing criticism, but which can end in nothing more than tbe usual effect of Mr. Osborne's wit and. Mr. Disraeli's sarcasm. It is curious to notice bow, in all debates now, Mr. Disraeli will never precede Mr. Gladstone, but he cannot help, if he is to speak at all, generally preceding Lord Palmerston, and the noble Lord in bis first sentence takes tbe whole sting out of tbe Tory leader's speech. One sentence and tbe House is convulsed with laughter j all Mr, Disraeli's arrows fall down,', and' tie wounds they made arc healed. So it was Jthis night, and the policy of the Government was fully vindicated. ; . For after all we are to have a Conference; nay, more, the Conference, is sitting, and at this moment iu high debate. Notwithstanding' predictions and sneers the little Earl has accomplished what ho has been driving for, and bas actually got the representatives of. all the Power*, to sit down toge ther at table. Even the Federal Diet is not absent, although it put in it* appearance rather late, and kept the other company waiting. I do not pretend to be in possession of the secrets of this Con ference, and I know no one who listens at the keyhole to hear whit was said either yesterday, when it first met, or to-day. But this is rumoured — mind, only rumoured — that Earl Kussell at once proposed an armistice, and that the Germau representatives replied they had no instructions on that question. In fact, until Denmark proper is in the full occupation of German troops it is very doubtful whether those gentlemen wiil have instructions on any ?ubjeot. But we all earnestly hope for a ces sation of hostilities, so that this worst and most barbarous of all modern wars may bo brought to an end. _ lhere is not much other news this month. France has had a little excitement in the pre sence of the new Emperor, Maximilian of Mexico, and in the prohibition of the Shak speare celebrations hut Saturday. The French celebrations were unresarvedly prohibited, and the English dinner commanded not to take place. This last step was, however, retraced ; but I am happy to say that the English residents declined to take advantage of the liberty to meet and dine. What could the Government have been afraid of? Victor Hugo's letter was harmless enough, and no English resident in Paris would be very likely to talk too much about French politics. Walls in Paris literally have ears, and one's nearest neighbour or waiter would be sure to be a spy. But these prohibitions havo made a pro found sensation. They indicate the great weakness of the Government and its fear of everything. Think of its striking at the shadow of the ghost of' Gentle Will' No news whatever now comes to us about tho Russians or the Poles. The last told of some more wholesale seizures and imprison ment, but nothing of any successful resistances of the people. . Wo do not, however, suppose that the revolution is not dead. Spring has hardly arrived at thoBo latitudes yet, and with it the old valour may revive. Sussia, however, is falling in the way of for tune. The . Circassians are at hut defeated, and, it is believed, finally. At a battle on the lit April the Circassians lost 2,000 and the Russians 1,500 men. But 2,000 to the former is a much more serious thing than 10 times the number would be to the latter. It is not, therefore, surprising to hear that the people are now negotiating for permission to settle in Turkey. Schamyl, as you know, long ago gave up this contest, and is now living on a Russian annuity at his ease. I am afraid that the last of the Circassian wars have now been fought, and that the brave contest of 30 years is ended. It would not be correct to say that there is no news from America, but such news as there is is of no manner of importance. The most exciting event appears to be tho New York Sani tary Fair, of which tho Daily Netct correspon denthassentanadmirable description. The army is doing nothing. General Grant is now reor ganizing it, and it is said has demanded the teappointment of McClellan and the nomina tion of Butler as Secretary of War. The army is paid to be in fine condition, and to have re ceived lately heavy reinforcements. The old story is revived of a simultaneous march, from more than one direction, on Richmond ; but it has been too much talked about to tako General Lee by surprise, if anything can do that. It is more likely that Grant will have to face Lee in Pennsylvania. Richmond itself is now thoroughly fortified, and with an army before it could hold out, I should say, againBt any force that the Federals could bring. There are little battles taking place here and there on the vast continent ; but they lead to no result, and do not for an instant change the general current of events. There will, however, no doubt, be news of the first importance to send next month. Heaven grant that it may be such as to shorten this fearful contest. 