REV. IMR. TAYLOR. Now that this Californian preacher has completed his 'ngagetments in this,island, the expression of an impartial opinion may be permitted. We pass by his manner, respecting which persons may differ, and refer exclusively to the matter of his sermons. No man ever before in this colony stated the truth of God more plainly, or defined it more sharply, thimn Mr. Taylor has done; and if his ministry has been successful, it is to be attributed not to the man, but to the truth as an instrument, and the Holy Spirit as an agent. There can be no doubt that the minds of many were prepared for such an exhibition of the Gospel both among the young and the old. The grand doctrines of justification, sanctification, christian,--not sinless-- perfection,and the personality of the Holy Ghost have been preached with a fulness, clearness, and force to which most hearers are little accustomed. Yet without embracing the doctrine declared by Mr. Taylor no one ever did or can obtain peace with God. All else is a snare and delusion. Nor did he speak of such things as if they were abstractions, or formed part of some sys tem of hunian theology, exerting about as much influence as the alleged facts a lecturer on chemistry or astronomy might place before an audience. With Mr. Taylor the Gospel in all its entiretyis a reality: a, sornthing that lie 'lives' and acts every day-a thing that pervades both the inner and the outward man. 'Neither the straitest nor loosest of the sect of the Pharisees could hear him intelligently and still continue wrapped up in self righteousness; and those who jeer and scoff at Mr. Taylor, or his message, may lay it down as a certain fact that they are still ignorant of vital religion. They are either blind guides, leading the blind, or blinded followvers wlhose fate the Scrip ture declares tobe, that they shall both fall into the ditch together. What Mr. Taylor stated respecting his own personal experi ence, can be endorsed by every Christian taught by the same Divie; agent, and what Mr. Taylor proclaimed are the same old truths whichi: the Apostles oreached and recorded in, their writings, and which produced such' manavellous effects in the first century; of .our era nmong the ignorant and'the learned, the rude and the refined, the rabbiland the disciple, the phikcsopheir and his ,school. Mr..Taylor is no mountebank who by a thaumaturgical process produces certain effects, but he simply declares the truth of God in all soberness and eanriestness, and wvith perfect adaptation lii might adopt the words of an Apostle and say, "Bute I certify you, brethren, that the Gospel which was preached of me, is not of :man. For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught but by the revelatioi' of Jesus Christ."' It ii not often newspapers refer to siuch topics, but the easeis excep tional, and we should be sorry Mr. Taylor should leave these shores under the impression that christian ipersons'do not sympathise with him in his. work, or that the ribald abuse lie has encountered differs from that with 'which the first teachers were assailed, and which the truth invariably provokes .in the hearts of the hypocritical Pharisee land 'openly profane scoffer. 