M li L Ti O URNS. LATEST INTELLIGENCE. (FROM ODB OWN COUtlBSrONDHNT.) Monday, 24th October. The speech of the Attorney-General to ins consti tuents .it .Brighton, on Saturday evening, has formed the chief topio of conversation amongst our political .quidnuncs to-day. By many pehsonft it Is regarded as the best address which wo have yet had from nny member of the Ministry, and by all as the most out-spoken ono. Tlio protectionists, howover, are by 110 means pleased with it, and rumors are already afloat as to the wrath of tint almost mythical body the " League" and tho intention of its chief represen tatives—whoever thoy may bo—to bring forward an out-and-out stickler for their peculiar doetriucsasnn opposition candidate, I think they may jlist as well Spare themselves the trouble of taking tllat step, if any such intention exist for however much tho elec tors of Brighton many differ in particular points with the political opinions of the Attorney-General, there is no doubt that a very largo majority agreo with those opinions in the main, and that any protcgi of the League would not stand the ghost of a chance against him. Whatever faults they may have to find with Mr Higinbotham. they firmly believe in the sincerity of his political convictions and that belief alone will go far to secure his return. The "Destitution meeting," advertised to take place at St. George's Hall on Saturday evening, turned out a stupid failure, apparently from tho want of proper steps having been taken beforehand for the arrangement of tho proceedings. Soon after I eight o'clock, tho hour named for the commence j raent of tho meeting, about two hundred and fifty .| i persons had assembled; but it was only alter con j siiderablo delay, and a long conversation with Mr I Joshua Cowell, tho newly-elected M.P. for East j Bourke, that Air John Thomas Smith, the Mayor I of Melbourne, consented to take the chair. When ] at last he had done so, he at once deprecated most strongly any attempt to turn the gathering:to poli I tical account—alluding, of course, to tho introduction I of the topic Protection to Native Industry "—and i thus seems to have succeeded in putting an extin guisher upon the whole affair; for, after a sort of half apology from Mr Cowell for tho absence of some persons who were to have addressed tho meeting, it quietly broke up without any further speechifying. A few benevolent individuals present, however, I furthered the object f.ir which it was ostensibly con | venod by subscribing about LB, which amount the | Mayor undertook to distribute amongst the moat <lo | serving of tho destitute persons that might apply to ' i him for pecuniary relief. I At the City Police Court this morning, Ching Hee ' and Ah Paw, two Chinamen, wero brought up on a j charge of burglariously entering the store of Messrs j Weaver and Co, in lilizabeth-stroet, at a late hour j on Saturday evening. The Celestials, with tho , combined industry anil cunning by which the lace is 1 characterised, got into the store by making a hole through a fourteen-inch brick wall at the back of ; tho building, which abuts on to a right-of-way j Having thus effected an entrance into the premises, thoy had made up some .bundles of miscellaneous small wares, and were preparing to take their de : parturo when they were detected and captured by a police constable, just as the biggest of the two was ; wr'gSjl'"a back through the hole in the brick wall. ! The case against the prisoners was perfectly clear, and they were at once committed lor trial. 