VOTES OP CENSURE. We have no desire to deal harshly with Mr. Sutherland. His intended censure upon Mr. Stow has recoiled upon himself. The no-confidence motion which he had placed on the Notice-paper, coupled with a special charge against the Attorney-General, hus been treated with an indignity which Parliament seldom visits upon any act of its members. It has been erased from the Notice-paper and ex punged from the records of the House. Even Mr. Coglin, who was to have seconded that motion, has thought it right to read Mr. Sutherland a lesson on the conduct of political men; and, after this, nothing that we might say could add to the humiliation which has been heaped upon the honourable member, He made a grievous mistake, and the House immediately and severely condemned him for it. This, then, is the end of the no-confidence motion, and is also the end, we hope, of the serious delay to public business which has recently taken place in theHouse of Assembly —an evil which has been aggravated in Parlia ment and out of Parliament by an amount of political intriguing which fortunately is seldom witnessed iu this colony. No stone has been left unturned to get up an agitation in the country — to set party against party and class against class. But the good sense of the community will not tolerate such proceedings. The grievancemongerss must be woefully dis appointed if they thought that the people of South Australia were to be led away by a meaningless cry against one class of the colonists, or if they expected that the Parlia ment was to be intimidated and overawed by a little meeting held at the Norfolk Arms, where a few citizens — actuated, doubtless, by good though mistaken motives— were found ready to support and adopt the resolution which an hour before had been negatived in the Legislative Council. Public meetings and public discussions are good things in them selves, and nothing is more desirable than that the constituencies should watch and criticise the doings of their representatives. But when disaffected members of the Legislature foretel the coming of public excitement, and state that n0 pains shall be spared to raise a storm, it is time for the thoughtful portion of the electors to be on their guard, and for the Parliament itself to take care that its dignity is main nined. The ignominious way in which the Assembly yesterday dealt with Mr. Sutherland's motion was a good answer to the agitators who have been trying to get up a cry againat the Go- vernment on the ground that the last "crisis" was not conducted alter the manner in which rises ought to be conducted. It will be seen by the reports of the Parliamentary proceedings that as soon as the Assembly met yesterday Mr. Bagot sought to have the no-confidence motion postponed until the vacancy on the Treasury benches had been filled up; and then the House showed a disinclination to this it was suggested by other members tl at the motion should be modified by the striking out of all reference to the Attormy-General personally. But this was even more strongly objected to, for it was felt that the manner in which the Attorney-General had been impeached for some imaginary un- constitutional proceedings whilst forming a Ministry could not be allowed to pass un- noticed. Grave charges had. been insinuated against a Minister of the Crown, and it was for those who had set them in circulation to come forward and substantiate them— not to sneak away without either attempting to prove them or allowing them to be disproved. The House, taking this view of the case, resolved that the motion which had been put on the Paper should be at once proceeded with. It was therefore called on; but to the sur- prise of all parties the mover had fled. Mr. Sutherland's chair was empty. He had a few minutes before left his place, and had therefore intentionally abandoned the charges against the Attorney-General and the complaints against the Ministry. He had disappeared suddenly like one of Professor Pepper's ghosts— even as the baseless fabric of a vision. The course which the House took on making this dis- covery was a proper one. They had resolved, in opposition to Mr. Bagot, not to postpone the motion merely on account of the resigna- tion of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and they therefore now resented the sudden disappearanee of Mr. Sutherland, whose object it evidently was to get the resolution put off and yet retained on the Paper as a lapsed notice of motion. Mr. Strangways accordingly moved, in order to prevent this, that the resolution should be erased from the Notice paper and expunged from the journals of the House, which motion was carried without a dissentient voice being raised against it. Thus, the threatened attack upon the Ministry came to nothing, and the only vote of censure which was passed was a vote of censure upon Mr. Sutherland. Into what 'regions below' this gentleman dived, or by what stroke of inspiration he was induced to leave his place at the moment he was wanted, are matters which history may clear up, but which as yet have not been sufficiently explained. He came back when the question had been disposed of, and stated that his object in leaving the House was to cause the motion to be put on the Paper for some future day— a step which he had been recommended to take by several of his friends, who wished to tee the vacancy on the Treasury benches filled up before any discussion on a vote of want of confidence was proceeded with. All this seems to show that there has been a little pulling of the. strings in reference to this no- confidence motion and that Mr. Sutherland has had other backers besides Mr. Coglin. This last, member, indeed, has been very badly dealt with. There was he, as starter, anxious to see the pending struggle, waiting to say ' off,' and fully convinced that his horse would win ; when lo and behold the favourite never came to the post, and there was no race at all. This is certainly a hard case. Judging from Mr. Sutherland's explanation and Mr. Bagot's remarks, we must suppose that the chief reason for their desire to post- pone the motion was that the Ministry was not completely formed. The filling up of the office of Commissioner of Crown Lands would make all the difference, perhaps, as to the way in which some members might vote. It would therefore have been awkward to have gone on with the motion during the present un- settled state of affairs. A Minister expectant might have been voting against himself by voting against the four holders of office and the one vacant seat. Thus there was a good reason why he should wait and watch rather than precipitate affairs whilst all was uncertain. The vote of censure, then, was to be kept hanging ever the Treasury benches until it pleased those who held the strings to let it fall. But the House would not allow this. They sympathized with Mr. Coglin in his grief at the dreadful jibbing and bolting propensities of the favourite which he had backed, and were determined that if the race could not be run at once it should not be run at all. Thus one more stage in the annual crisis has been passed through. But when will it altogether end? Another week of the present session of Parliament is now closed, and the work of legislition is in about the same posi- tion as it was before. The only useful thing worth notice which has been done since the Assembly met on Wednesday is the carrying of a proposition made by Mr. Kingston, whose measures we are always delighted to approve of when we have a chance of doing so. His motion on this occasion was t0 the effect that the Bill for imposing a rate on newspapers should bo read and discharged. This was carried unanimously, aud the public have now heard the last, we hope, of the proposition for fettering the Press of the colony. South Australian Rifle Association.— The necting of the Committee of the South Australian iifle Association, at the Governor's Offices, which Tas to have taken place on Friday, the iUh, vas adjourned. Hi3 Excellency (the President of he Association), the Hon. G. C. Hawker, and Mr. i. S. Kingston, ALP., were in attendance. The Secretary was directed to announce to those nembers who were absent that when the rifle jutts were in a more forward state of completion he subject of arranging the programme for the brthcoming matches would be taken into con sideration. Board op Competitive Examinations.— A neetingof the Board of Competitive Examinations vas held at the Governor's 0m;c3 on Friday morn ng, July 29. The:e were present His Excellency in the chair), His Lordship the Bishop, the Hon. fl. Ayers, Mr. N. Blyth, M.P., Dr. Wyatt, Messrs. I. Gawler and A. H. Davis, and the Revs. R. laining, J. S. Jackson, J. Maughan, and J. .Gardner. The Secretary (Mr. J. H. Clark) stated liat Mr. G. W. Hawkes and himself had audited he accounts, and the iiev. J. Gardner aud he had irranged the pieces for recitation. His Lordship inquired the opinion of the Board as to the desira bility of substituting lwoks for money prizes. It vas agreed that the principle of awarding money irizcs should be discussed when the programme of LSU5 was under consideration. The Secretary an nounced that in the first class there was one candi late for examination— Mr. D. C. Ibbetson; in the second class there were 11 candidates— an increase if one on previous years; and iu the third class 20 -a smaller number than last year. In the junior iivision there were but four candidates. The schools represented were the Collegiate and those of Messrs. Martin aud Burgan, the number hem*,' two less than the previous year. The appoint ment of examiners was then proceeded with, and resulted as follows:— Greek— His Lordship, the Eevs. B. T. Craig and C. W. Evan. Xatiu, iirst and second classes— The Revs. J. Gardner and R. Haiuing; third class— Mr. E. Dewhirst. English, first aud second classes — Messrs. H. Gawler and A. H. Davis. French, for which class the Secretary reported there were two candidates— Dr. (iunsou. German — Messrs. Frew aud G. von der Heyde. History and Geography, first aud second classes— Messrs. Gawler and A. H. Davis; third class, Dr. Wyatt aud Mr. Dewhirst. Mathematics— The Keys. \\\r. W. Ewbank and J. S. Jackson. Bookkeeping— G. W. Hawkes. Chemistry— The. llev. J. Maughan. Euclid and Arithmetic— Mr. N. Blyth, M.P., and Dr. Moore. Surveying— Mr. B. Boothby. Draw ing—Mr. J. H. Clark. Political Economy-Mr. W. C. Belt. Elocution— The examiners in English. It was resolved that the Executive Committee of last year should be reappointed, and asked to select other examiners in the event of then- declining to staniL The Secretary then stated that the Go vernors of the Institute had tendered the use of the Institute to the Board for the examination. It was decided, on the motion of the Rev. Mr. Maughan, seconded by the Rev, J. Gardner, that the kind offer of the Governors be accepted. The Executive Committee were authorized to appoint the Superjn tendent. It was thought desirable, and sub sequently agreed upon, that the programme of 18G5 be issued as soon as practicable after the ensuing examinations. An understanding was come to that the reports of the examiners should if possible be issued ou the first week after the examinations, in order that the prizes mi^ht be awarded without the least possible delay. A Sub Committee, comprising the Executive Committee —the Revs. R. Haining, J. Mauglian, and J. S. Jackson— were appointed to prepare the draft programme for the year 1SS5. The meeting then terminated. South Australian Insurance Company.— The Directors of the above Company have purchased from-Mr. Singleton the block of land at the corner of King William and Pirie streets for the sum of £2,000. The site is a very eligible one, and as the Company will have to leave their present offices at an early date building operations for new offices will at once be commenced. Victoria Theatre.— On Friday evening the ' Octoroon' was represented for the fifth time at the Victoria Theatre. As on each of the previous occasions, there was a very large attendance, and the drama was in every respect quite as successf uL It will be repeated this evening, probably for the last tune this season, other novelties .being an nounced. Christy s Minstrels.— Friday was a com mand night' at the Christy's Minstrels, when the attendance was numerous and fashionable, in the front pait of the room especially, Lady Daly, Mrs. J. G. Daly, and other members of her family being present The entertainment went if in a very spirited manner ; but high encomiums 13 to the vocal or instrumental music are unneces sary, as the Christy's have gained and still retain a world-wide fame, 'they perform again to-night Ornamental Designs.— We have been shown some neatly executed and tasteful designs drawn by Mr. C. Hill for Mr. Firnhaber of emu egg-cups. Our silversmiths appear to have an increasing demand for these peculiarly Australian ornaments; and it is therefore satisfactory to see that there is no lack of talent for the production of them. Steam to Queensland. — We beg to call attention to an advertisement in our business columns announcing steam communication with Queensland via the Darling, Mount Murchison, and Fort Bourke. The new iron steamer Maranoa is advertised to leave the Goolwa on this destina tion about the middle of August INQUEST.— Dr. Woodforde, the City Coroner, held an inquest at the Ship Inn, Currie-street, on Friday, July 29, to enquire into the circumstances connected with the death of Amelia Ada Catch- love, who was killed on the previous day, being run over by a light cart driven by Mr. Thos. Dodd, of the York Livery Stables. Mr. John Crimp was chosen Foreman of the Jury. The first witness called was Henry Catchlove, landlord of the Ship Inn, who said that the deceased was his child, and was five years old. A minute before the occurrence he saw her in the yard. Her brother had just given her a halfpenny, and she was running out, it was supposed, to spend it. When he next saw her Mr. Bolt was picking her up after the cart had gone over her. He then noticed the horse and cart standing in front of the house. William Bolt, butcher, of Hindley-street, said that he was going out of the bar between 3 and 4 o'clock when he saw Mr. Dodd driving a horse and cart down Currie-street towards the Shamrock Hotel Mr. Dodd was quite sober, and was driving at a gentle trot. Saw the child in front of the wheel, which knocked her down and passed over her head. Witness ran toward immediately and picked her up, but she was apparently quite dead. He could not attach any blame whatever to Mr. Dodd, who was known to be a very careful driver. Thomas Dodd stated that about 3.30 he was driving along Currie- street, and when opposite Mr. Catchlove's he turned his head for a moment to look at a drunken woman who was passing along on the other side of the street. He suddenly felt the horse start, and upon looking down saw the child lying dead under the cart. He was going at a moderate pace, and the horse he was driving was very quiet. The above evidence being corroborated by several other witnesses, a verdict of "Accidental death" was returned, the Jury attributing no blame to any one. Supbemb Cor^T.— The'iargament oil,: the rule list for a new trial in Heriot and Another r. Bpcnce vas continued before ttfe Full Court on Friday/At ts close the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Gwynne lecided in favour of making the rule absolute, and Mr. Justice Boothby iri opposition thereto. His Bonor also intimated that he would give written reasons. The case of Sparks v. Pepperill was post i»ned. The bill in Spence and Another v. Martin md Others was, by consent, dismissed for want of prosecution. In the matter of Walter Burford, an insolvent, the Court held that the signature of an attorney to the acceptance of an offer of compo sition was sufficient if a proper authority was filed with the proceedings. A number of motions brought forward by Mr. Palmer were dealt with, »nd the Court adjourned until Friday next Insolvesct Court.— At the Insolvency Court m Friday, July 2ft a second-class certificate with aut suspension was awarded to J. A. Moore. In [he adjourned final hearing in re J. Wlieatley, the insolvent was examined, and the meeting adjourned till August 22. No business beyond the proof of a ilebt was done in the first hearing in re A. J. Solomon. Local Coubt.— At the Local Court of limited Jurisdiction (Civil) on Friday, two actions-Brew v. Pilkington, for £7 14s , and ftlkington v. Brew, for £ll-werc taken together. The decision having been left with the Court, His Honor gave judg ment for the amount claimed by Brew, and dis allowed the claim of Pilkington. Adelaide Police Court.— The case of greatest interest on Friday was that of Honora Bourke, charged with having exposed and forsaken her newly-born male infant in a drain at the Cemetery. The particulars of examination and committal, with the prisoner's admission, will be found fully reported in our police columns. A licensed vic tualler of long standing was fined £10, with costs £1, for allowing four girls of the town to remain in his bar instead of excluding them at the hour of dosing-11 o'clock. ACUICULTURAL AND HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY. —At the monthly meeting of the General Com mittce of the Agricultural and Horticultural Society held on Friday last it was resolved to established a model farm, and a Committee of nine was appointed to confer with the Acclima tization Society, and to make such other pre liminary arrangements as might be deemed necessary. It is confidently expected that a por tion of the Government Farm will be obtained for the purpose. A suggestion made by Air. MeEwin that prizes be awarded to the best diggers of ground was generally approved, and recom mended for adoption in connection with the ploughing match of ISoa, From an advertisement in another column it will lie seen that the annual ploughing match in connection with this .Society, 03 well as the trial of implements and show of entires, will take place on Tuesday next, on Mr. McGutou's section, Bowden. - The Far North. -Advices from the neighbour hood of Mount Serle, received on Thursday, state that the weather still continues very dry, and that the country is looking miserably short of feed. The blacks have passed on up north, after having killed five or more head of cattle on a run in the neighbourhood. At Mount lteruarkablc there had been v*ry heavy rains lately. Destruction of A Chafel.— Under the head of ' Wallaroo' will be found a letter giving parti culars of the total destruction of the Independent Chapel at that place by a violent gust of wind. The lioman Catholic Chapel appears to have escaped very narrowly a similar fate. Buiiua Mine Office.— We understand that the Burra Mining Company will remove its place of business from the present offices in Kundle- street to the first floor of the Impel ial Fire Office in King William-street, in September next Adelaide Marine and FiheInsuuanck Com pany.— We beg to- call attention to an advertise ment in our business columns, from the Secretary vf the abovenamed Company, respecting the size of the scrip about to be issued. Proposed Division op thk Naikne District. Wo learn from a correspondent, who writes from Harrowgate on July 23, that 'a public preliminary meeting h^s been held at the residence of Mr. Thomas Smith, to consider the propriety of peti tioning Government for a division of the District of Nairne. Most of the leading ratepayers of the neighbourhood were present Mr. T, Hair, of Kanmantoo, was unanimously voted to the chair. He briefly stated the objects of the meeting, after which Mr. P. O'Neill proposed ' That the time has now arrived when steps should be taken to secure a division of the present Dis trict of Nairne.' He alluded to the large amount taken from this portion of the district by rates, depasturing aud timber licences, tVc, the benefit of which went to those in the upper portion of the district, whilst this portion was fearfully neglected. Mr. T. Smith seconded. He spoke of the great inconvenience those living in this portion of the district were subjected to by the bad state of the roads. If he wished to take a load to Kanmantoo or Callington he must go seven or eight miles out of his road. The children were often prevented attending school, whilst others were unable to go to a place of worship. Mr. Slattury objected. Dr. Herbert supported the motion. Those living in this part had been treated with sreat injustice by the Nairne District Council. They had ignored the rights of proi-erty. He had taken up laud on the faith of being allowed to run on Crown lands accordmg to his acreage. The Council had endeavoured to deprive him of an entry on Crown lands. If they were to do this it rouiu grcauy uepreciaie me value of Ins property, le paid the Council something like £70 per nnum. He did not believe they had spent £70 in he Hundred of Monaito within the last four ?ears. Mr. Smith doubted whether they spent ven the dog-tax in the hundred. Proposition carried. Mr. Ladyman moved — 'That such Iivision shall consist of the Hundred of llonarto.' Messrs. Slattery and P. O'Neill, jun., ?bjected, on the ground that such division rould be a manifest injustice to many who had 1 right to expect to be allowed to avail themselves if Crown lands. Mr. P. O'Neill seconded the notion. Mr. T. Smith and Dr. Herbert supported t. The latter remarked that any separation would nect with opposition, as some would, whatever he boundary, feel aggrieved. A thing that was lot worth fighting for was not worth possessing, [here was no doubt but that they were now in a wsition to manage their own affairs to theirown ad vantage. They only wanted what the Nairne people nade such a fuss about— local self-government fhey must take the best natural boundaiy. It vould be most likely to get the consent of the Jovernment Motion carried. A Committee, ;onsisting of Messrs. Herbert, Hayes, Shepperd, Ladyman, Smith, Martin, O'Neill, and Sanders, »as appointed to call a public meeting, &c.; ; after irhich, a vote of thanks having been given to the Chairman, aud suitably acknowledged, the meeting :losed.' ADELAIDE WESLEYAN MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT Association.— The annual general meeting of the Adelaide Wesleyan Mutual Improvement As sociation was held in the Lecture Hall ou Friday evening, July 29. There was a large attendance of members. The President of the Association ccupieu the chair. Having opened the procced ugs with prayer, he proceeded to congratulate the aembers on the satisfactory state of the Associa ion* The Literary Secretary (Mr. J. D. Hill) read he annual report, which detailed the proceedings of he past twelve months, and from which it appeared ha: the number of good members was 134, the iverage weekly attendance being about 70. During he past year thirteen lectures had been delivered! nostly to large audiences. In addition to the ecturcs. a large number of essays had been read, ollowed with discussions thereon by the members if the Association ; as also short lectures by the Pre ident and members on the chemical properties of he atmosphere, electricity, pneumatics, light, the nicroscope, the gyroscope, astronomy, &c;, all of rhich were of an interesting and instructive cha acter. Four soirees had also been held during the rear, and the elocutionary element of the Associa ion had manifestly improved many who had aken part in the exercises. One pleasant feature )f the report was that endeavours had been made owards the formation of classes for various studies ; md although some difficulty with respect to -Uaining suitable persons able and willing to tike ;harge of them was experienced, the Committee ixpressed their intention of keeping the subject 11 view. The library was reported to be in a lourishing condition, the number of books it con fined being 255, and the average issue for each light 12. A report from the Secretary to the Penny Savings Bank, after expressing the belief )f the Committee in the superior advantages of :he Association, solicited the support and hearty ^-operation of the members in their endeavours to uake the Society increasingly useful and attractive, rhe Penny Bank in connection with the Associa tion was opened on the 26th October, 1863, under the management of 12 members and a Secretary (Mr. P. Millner). During the nine months the Bank had t-een in existence 513 accounts had been opened, £374 received in 4,438 deposits, and repayments £(31ij.6d. The sum of £300 had been placed out it interest at 8 p^er cent The report then stated that the increasing business of the Bank had deter mined the Directors to open it twice a week—on Monday and Friday evenings. With regard to the financial position of the Association, the report showed it to be— revenue, £144 12s. 7d.; expen liture, £123 16s. Id.; and balance in hand, £20 16s. 6d. The adoption of the report was then moved by Mr. W. (I. Coombs, seconded by Mr. Maley, and carried unanimously. Mr. Sharland moved, and Mr. Bounsevell, seconded, a vote of thanks to the Committee and officers for the past year, which was carried unanimously. Mr. J. Colton, in a eulogistic Bpeech, proposed a special vote of thanks to the President, wliich was seconded by Mr. J. Scott, and carried with great applause. A special vote was also accorded to the Secretary. The llev. W. Brown and Mr. James Scott were again nominated as Vice-Presidents, Mr. J. Colton was re-elected Treasurer, Mr. E. C. Corlett was elected Hon. Secretary, Mr. J. D. Hill was re-elected Literary Secretary, Mr. C. t! Newman Financial Secretary, Mr. J. Twigg Librarian and Mr. G. Rhodes was elected Curator of Instruments. The electionof Committee was then proceeded with. Twelve members were nominated, the ballot resulting in the election of Messrs. Coombs, Dobbie, Greer, Johnson, Thomson, and Stacy. A motion to alter the rule in reference to attendance waa discussed, but negatived. The prQ 