THE POLITICAL EGOTIST. If personal ego tism is the most i snobbish of social qualities, what shall be said of no- ! litical egotism P At the worst the egotist of th q salons has a very limited audience upon which he can in flict his torture, and you can dodge him — you need not be his vis-a-vis in a ; quadrille, nor se- \ lect the next place i to him at supper I — and sublimest of all. principles of manhood, you can cut him — and so get rid of him al together. But what are you to do with the egotist of the Assembly, — protected by the \- Speaker and the . Serjeant-at-arms ? ; How can you es- cape a man who is before you in lead- ing articles — is reported to you each morning— whose egotism not only insults you, maddens you, but governs you. You read that last night he occupied the deliberative wisdom of Parliament for a considerable time in what is termed a personal explanation. Some scrupulously accurate reporter had for once given two or three sentences of the hon orable gentleman's speech verbatim et literatim, and the honorable gen tleman immediately repudiates the report — and denounces the journal in which it appears. Have you ever thought, dear reader, of the sad time those respectable looking young men in the gallery must have of it P Did it ever occur to you what a delightful and. exhilarating and improving pastime it would be to go to the Theatre for the express purpose not of seeing, but of reporting a pantomime — of giving the substance of the Clown's jokes and the letter of Pantaloon's drolleries, with a faithful portraiture of all the machinery, tricks, and events of the busy drama P And to do this not one night, but every night, with the performance changed each evening. At what period would mad ness come ? — how long could any brain stand such awful wear and tear P Yet Columbine is pretty, and Harlequin graceful — while grace and beauty are not objects upon which the reporters usually look down from their dreary box in the House in Macquarie-street. It were a curious psychological enquiry to follow these mild and melancholy re porters when the House is adjourned long after midnight — to track them to their haunts — and watch their movements. They cannot go home. The calm of their own room — the peaceful slumbers of tneir wives and children, would be too great a shock to their systems, after having witnessed for hours the awful scenes of Parliament. In what dens of savage solitude do they meet, it may be for an hour or two, before they seek their rest ? At these assemblies speech is of course forbidden — they sit and weep probably — and drink while their tears fall upon the foam of tankards — and their hearts are full of bitterness. Meanwhile the snob sleeps. He has made his explanation — he has put himself right with his constituency and the country — he will call for the morning paper in a few hours — and find that these patient long- suffering reporters have graciously rendered into neat English his assault upon them of the previous evening. Do the statistics of suicide show any marked disproportion in the numbers of these unhappy men P — or is the information to be sought in the registers of our Lunatic Asylums P These are queries to the answering which Jones or Brown might address themselves. These illustrious men might then discover that they were not only bores but murderers and brain-destroyers — they might convince themselves that they had hastened to an early tomb or immured in the dungeons of a mad house two or three young inoffensive, intelligent, and promising fellow- creatures. The discovery might benefit J. or B. If it taught them how precious time is — how insignificant they are — and yet what miseries they can inflict, it might frighten them. The pale stenographic spirits, the poor ghosts of dead reporters, floating before the mind's eye of J. or B., might touch their pity, and lead to repentance and amendment of life. What a beautiful vista of blessed circumstances opens out for us at the mere thought of such a change ! No more risings to order— which means generally violence, intemperate language, mutual recriminations. No more il lustrations of Parliamentary ' privilege,' which is popularly associated with attacks on all who cannot be heard, in reply — no more words ' re ported ' to the House, and which are too bad to be reported at all. Jones and Brown penitent and speechless — and the country exercising its prerogative of mercy — and pardoning the hardy but humbled crim inals. 