| LICENSED HAWKERS ACT OF 1863 (To the Editor of the Border TFafcft*) Sir,-It is natural that after a man has been fined for what he considers no crime he should feel a little sore on the subject, and inclined to lay his grievances before the public. This is my case Mr Editor, and the particulars are as follows I am a licensed hawker, of the Wimmera district of Victoria, and have been in the habit of occasionally crossing the Border and selling in the South Eastern District of South Australia without license (no license being required until very lately. On the 31st De cember last I arrived at Narracoorte, and finding a license necessary, I at once applied for one to the Clerk of the Local Court of Narracoorte, who directed me to apply to the Treasurer, in Adelaide. I telegraph eel to the Treasurer, requesting his permission to hawk in the colony upou my paying the fees re quired by the Act to the Clerk of the Court of Narracoorte, and giving him a certificate of character approved by a Justice. While waiting for the Treasurer's reply, itnd not selling, I was on tlie fourth day taken before the Magistrates at Narracoorte on a,charge of having goods in my waggon, such as are usually carriisl about by a hawker, without license, and fined £10. This may be law, but certainly is not jus tice, This may help to swell tbe Adelaide Treasury, but not honourably. If such laws as this are what the people of the South Eastern District are governed by, rio wonder their cry is Separation. I cannot blame the Justices, but the Act under which they fined me, which left them no discretionary power. ' The Act compelled the magistrates to inflict the penalty of £10, this sum being the lowest fine for being in possession of goods usually carried by hawkers. 1 am sir, vour obedient servant, W. BltYANS. [Air Uryan's case was one of particular hardship, and we had hoped that the Treasury would have remitted, the fine on having a' statement of how matters stood laid before them, The Justi ces who imposed the fine signed a recommendation to that effect, and it was only because they had no alternative that they imposed one ut nil, -Ed,] Tiik M uiiii.VY CROSSING,--At the mooting of the Central Road J3oa» d on Tuesday, the Chairman (Mr W, Duffield) gave a bnef, ac count of his tour to Wellington and Thomp son's in company with the Commissioner of Public Works and Crown Lands and other gentlemen, lie stated that his opinion in favour of Thompson's crossing was as strong as ever, and intimated that he was inclined to recommend the removal of the large punt to Thompson's for the purpose of of conveying stock across the river, leaving the small one at Wellington to bo available for the ferrying over of passengers and light carriages, it being his opinion the dray traffic, &c.;, would not be diverted fromW&llington.; A plan of the reserves at Thompson's was also forwarded from the Commissioner of Public Works Office, which was carefully examined by the Hoard, and with reference to it they decided to press upon the Government the propriety of leaving entensive reserves to afford facilities for the camping of sheep., Tho route ad vocated by Mr Ash win htHvucn Callingtou and Thompson's, coloured brown in the plan, nnd was stated tojpQsscss advantages over.its rivnl l oUi as regards length nnd natural ex cellence, wo)) alsVj adopted, an opinion bcinvj expressed that a wide track of country should be allowed oh each side, this being deemed a great desideratum in a track, traversed by sheep. The Board, however, arrived at no vote respecting the establishment of a crossing at Thomson 8. CURIOUS .ROBBERY.--A rascal at Dunollv, this week, accomplished a feat that all the police in New South Wales wore unable to effect, by sticking up the celebrated bush ranger Frank Gardiner, and robbing him of his revolver. A collection of waxwork was being exhibited at Kruyne's .Theatre, and amongst them was the representation of this colonial Claude Duval, revolver in hand, sup posed to be in the very act ofroquesting some unfortunate traveller to "level up;" and we are informed that some individual, doubtless in a state of happy ignorance n* to the exis tence of the nl»l rule n(' mum and itunu, went in the night with tho inteution of purlong ing the pistol, and finding that he was unable to wrest it from the hand of the figure, actually broke off tho hand, and carried it away with the revolver It was certainly an audacious proceeding. The model will nave to bo sent to Melbourne to he repaired,A*avi/borough Adve) User. Tun GRRAT Eastern A TIauntkd SHIP.-In course of a paper read by Captain Paton, on Wednesday relative to the repairs of the Great ftastern, he stated that an impression got abroad that the ship was haunted, the alleged ghost boing that or an unfortunate rivetter, who was heard plying his avocation in one of the wells or com; artments. Captain Paton stated that before tho vessel left this country he believed that one of the men employed, in her construction was missing. The man was a rivetter;' he was missed from the ship, aiid never came for his wages, the supposition being that he had been rivetted up in some part of the vessel. So firmly impressed were some of the men with this idea that they left the ship in consequence. They affirmed that they heard their departed friend busily engaged livetting in the middle of the n:gbt. The storv was believed by many persons in New York, and on one occasion while the ship was under repair a diver signalled to be drawn up. He appeared pale with fright, and declared the ghost of the rivetter was busy in the bottom part of the ship; in fact that he began rivett ing immediately over his head. Such was the consternation amongst the crew that they called in the aid of one of the spirit mediums, who are somewhat numerous in the city of New York. The medium came on board the ship, and after an examinating declared that the missing man was there both " in body and spirit.' Fortunately ho (Captain Paton) by pure acci dent was enabled to dispel the illusion. Be ing in a boat near the bows of tlie ship, he discovered that a swivel connected with the moorings worked to and fro, the movement causing a chink or vibration which at times, more especially at night, was heard throughout the vessel. It was this sound which bad con jured up in connection with the supposed fate of the unfortunate _ rivetter, the phantom whose mysterious doings spread such conster nation on board the big ship. 