THE MERCURY. THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1864. A REQUISITION is now in course of signature to Mr. W. L. DOBSON to allow himself to be placed in nomination for the district of Campbell Town in place of Mr. T. D. CHAPMAN, resigned. The requisition speaks of the great loss the district, and, indeed, the whole colony, have suffered by the retirement of Mr. CHAPMAN, and is, as might be expected, in the highest degree complimentary to Mr. DOBSON. It contains, moreover, one clause, which reflects the highest credit on the requisitionists themselves. They have no local interests at variance with the general welfare, and have therefore no pledges to exact from that gentleman. , We can hardly bring ourselves to believe that Mr. DOBSON will, under such circumstances, decline to accede to the wishes of the requisitionists, when their requisition is once forwarded to him, which will be the case, we understand, in tho course of a few days. Meanwhile, it will be handed round to the great body of electors in the district, and there is not, we should say, from the names that already appear at the head of the list, the least doubt of its being generally signed. Among these, the name of Mr. R. Q. KERMODE is one of the foremost. We mention this, because it was at one time thought that Mr. KERMODE would have stood for Campbell Town himself. But he has since, we understand, been prevailed upon to promise to offer himself for North Esk, when that district becomes vacant, by the retirement of Mr. GIBSON, which is now daily expected. The course is thus clear for Mr. DOBSON, and the same, we apprehend, will be the case with regard to Mr. KERMODE. Should this be so, the opposition can hardly be said to have lost anything in the Assembly, and they will most assuredly have gained an accession of strength in the Council. Mr. DOBSON will be no mean sub si flute for Mr. CHAPMAN, and Mr. KERMODE will be a most efficient one for Mr. GIBSON. We say this, without wishing to detract, for one moment, from the merits of either of the retiring members. Nor have we, in fact, any reason to suppose, that either of them would wish to see any other persons than those already named in their places. Be that as it may, the future is now in the hands of those gentlemen themselves, and in those of the electors of the two districts respectively. If they allow themselves to be put in nomination, and there is, we understand, a requisition in course of signature to Mr. KERMODE, as well as to Mr. DOBSON, there is not, we apprehend, the slightest doubt of their being returned. We know of no one, in fact, that could be brought forward to oppose either of them with the least chance of success. In town, it would, perhaps, be otherwise. Bat oven there, if eligible candidates could be found, they might not, with the present altered feeling of the electors, have so much of their own way as they had at the late city elections. They would have to fight for it, and fight keenly, with the chance of a defeat. Bat in the country, a ministerial candidate, whether for the Assembly or the Council, would be nowhere. He would not have the ghost of a chance. And that we believe, ministers themselves well understand. For with whatever favor their measures may be looked upon by a portion of the towns- people, they meet with no countenance whatever in any part of the country. If ministers think otherwise, they will now have an opportunity of trying their strength, both for the Lower House and the Upper, but discretion would, we think, in such a case be the better part of valor. They cannot be said to be beaten, if they do not make the trial. But we do but echo the public sentiment, when we Bay, that is so sure as they try, so sure are they to be beaten. A single word more may, perhaps, be added to this with advantage, and that is, that both Mr. DOBSON and Mr. KERMODE are in point of position. and in all other respects, unexceptional man. If all Tasmania had been selected for candidates, no two gentlemen more fitted for the post to which they are assigned by the wishes of the electors of the districts of Campbell Town and North Esk could have been found. This, we think, will be generally, if not universally admitted. And not only have they been brought forward at a time in which their services were most needed, but in a way that is no less honorable to the electors, than themselves. The electors want no pledged men, and they have too high a sense of the honor of Mr. DOBSON and Mr. KERMODE to believe that they would submit to any exactions of that kind, if demanded. JUNE opened up upon us yesterday with a regular down pour. We needed none of SAXBT'S tables to guide us as to the state of the weather, or to let us know that winter, with its concomitant duties, was approaching. There was no sunny morn to dewy eve in great as in this " island of beauty," but a thoroughly leaden sky, and rain, rain, rain, with scarcely an intermission, from break of day till its close. All our thoughts were as to what was to come of this. And they naturally took two very opposite shapes. Our first thought was as to what the farmers, and others having to do with land, would think of it. To them a good soaking rain, of some days' continuance, would, no doubt, be of immense benefit. So far as we can gather, they are rather behindhand with their ploughing this year, and this will mellow the land for them, They will thus, supposing it to be moderate, and not excessive, be able to get a greater breadth of land under crop, and so take advantage of the not improbable consequence of remunerative prices for all kinds of cereal produce. For the pastoral interest, we can hardly predict a more favorable season, than the last proved on the whole. Nor had the fruit- growers then much to complain of, although their prospects were at one time far from encouraging. All had a fair average season, if not much beyond this. And they must now look upon the skies as dropping down fatness for them. With regard to those residing in town, and dependant upon their daily toil for the means of support, the case is far different. Winter brings little or nothing to cheer them, or to be pleaded as a set-off to its discomforts. With them, there is no looking forward to Spring, as the time in which their eyes will be gladdened and their hearts cheered with the sight of their increasing flocks and herds, with the appearance of their growing crops, or with the thought of what will follow the present budding and blossoming of their trees. They are pinned down, for the most part, to the present, and are strangers to thoughts and feelings of this kind. With (hem, the emotional is overpowered by the material. In winter time, their wants are ordinarily greater, and their means of providing for them not unfrequently loss. They want butter food, warmer clothing, and more fuel, but owing to a slackness of work, they have often to put up with a more scanty allowance of one or other of these. THIS is the time, therefore, for giving full play to our philanthropic feelings and efforts. Nor should this be confined to that portion of the public, which stands out with more or less prominence from the rest as the benevolent and humane. It should find its way to those in authority over us, in outward seeming at least, if it does not go farther. This is not like some countries, England or Victoria, to within which winter brings round with it a large amount of distress, and recourse must be had to soup kitchens, and a general distribution of blankets and fuel. There is no distress of that kind here except as regards a very pitiable class, those deserted by their husbands or parents, who have made their way to one or other of the neighboring colonies, in hope of bettering their condition in life, and have, perhaps, never since been heard of. But that class is unhappily an inconveniently large one, and is rather on the increase, than the decrease, it we are correctly informed. Their natural protectors are, doubtless, greatly to be blamed for this, and we occasionally indulge in long and loud complaints against them, but that does not exempt us from the duty of caring for the mass of comparatively helpless and even innocent misery they have left behind them. From the highest to the lowest, those have claims on our sympathy, and, at this time of the year. more so than at any other. All should do something to assist, and all should do all they can. We say this, without, for one moment, overlooking the value of our benevolent societies, or other public institutions. It is rather said in their support, and as a reminder of the increasing demands that will shortly be made upon them. There is always something to touch; to move, or even to compel the helping hand, and the discomfort arising out of the inclemency of the weather is not one of the least potent of these things. Moreover, as we are now on this matter, we may as well refer to a somewhat hackneyed topic, which is more closely connected with it, than may at first sight appear. We allude to the starting of a system of reproductive public works. This was promised eighteen months ago, but we are no nearer it now, to all appearance, (than we were then. Bat is it conceivable, that much of the distress to which we have above referred would not have been averted, if that promise had been kept P Would not many of those who have gone to seek their fortunes in other lands now have been here to take care of their wives and families,ifa system of reproductive works had been started, instead of leaving them dependent on the eleemosynary aid of others for support ? To this, only one answer can be given. And whatever may be said of the propriety of undertaking a system of reproductive public works, with the view of providing employment for a people, there can be no doubt as to that having been promised here, or as to many having left us in disgust in consequeuce of its non fulfilment That, perhaps, would have been more true, however, or more generally applicable some months ago, than it is now, the greater portion of what might then have been called our surplus labor having in the meantime been drained off. And if this state of things be permitted to go on much longer, we shall probably feet the inconvenience of this to an extent of which we do not at present dream. Of this, we have some symptoms in the late attempt at the introduction of the eight hours' system into this colony. We have no faith ourselves in the benefits the laboring class expects to derive from this, or from any similar factitious movements. But we cannot otherwise regard the attempt to introduce that system into Tasmania, than as a sign of an incipient struggle between the employers of labor and the employed, arising out of oar having allowed too many of our best men to be drawn away, when we should rather have sough t to find employment for them. In this, as in other things, extremes meet. By narrowing the field of employment for labor, we as much increase the rates of wages in the end, by those we drive out of it, as we do by unduly enlarging it. This by the way, however, and only by the way. We do not pretend to its connexion with the distress we shall be called upon to relieve during the winter months otherwise than inferentially. Nor do we see that anything can be done to affect the status in quo, except by a very slow process. If something were to be started in the shape of reproductive public works, all classes would, no doubt. find immediate relief from it, from the highest to the lowest. Its fertilising influence would be every where felt, and we should all be in a better position to extend help, where we saw it most needed. The government would be no less benefited by it than the people, and then come winter or summer,- -come June or December at would be all one to us. As it is, we are sometimes at a loss to know how to act for the best. But we must suffer no abatement in those generous impulses of our nature, which would lead us to seek to alleviate distress, wherever we find it. 