ST. LURE'S CHURCH LECTURE AND SUNDAY-SCHOOL ROOM. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the lecture and Sunday-school room in connection with St. Luke's Church was performed by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide on Tuesday, May 24. The structure, which is to be erected at the hack of the church, will be GO feet long by 30 feet broad, and 15 feet m height. The front of the room will face Sturt-street. There were about 130 persons present, including a large number of children. Besides the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, there were also present Lady Daly and Miss Daly, Miss Short, and Mrs. Farrell; also the Key. C. Marryat and the Key. H. M. Pollitt, of Woodvilie. The proceedings were commenced by the singing of the 117th Psalm—" From all that dwell." The Key. J. Pollitt then read the collect, com mencing with "Prevent us, O Lord"—the collect for the second Sunday in Trinity—and also the collect set apart for Innocents' Day. The 34th and the 1st and 2nd parts of the 119th Psalms were then read by the Key. C. Marryat; after which the Key. J. Pollitt read the 2nd chapter of Luke, commencing from the 39th verse to the end of the chapter. The Loed Bishop next proceeded to lay the stone, in doing which His Lordship said—" In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, we lay this foundation- stone of a Sunday-school room, in the parish of St. Luke, for the advancement of the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ and for the glory of His name." The 283rd Hymn having been sung. His Lordship said that before they parted he should like to say a few words to them on the sub ject of their pre.-ent meeting. He then made a few ; remarks respecting the parents of the children and the matter for rejoicing it must he to them to see their children brought up in a knowledge of the Holy Gospel and thus led to Christ, and he thought that every parent would view with satisfaction the laying of a foundation-stone of a Sunday-school room. He next spoke in an impressive manner regarding the duties of the teachers, and encouraged them in their work of instructing their pupils in the Holy Gospel, and he urged them to endeavour to follow in the footsteps of Christ. He next addressed hftnself to the children, pointing out to them the way to profit by the instruction imparted to them, so that thev might be led to a knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. His Lordship concluded his address by offering thanks to God for having permitted them to engage in those pro ceedings. The Kev. J. Pollitt, in a few remarks, referred to the deficiency which there was in the funds necessary for the erection of the schoolroom. He alluded to the large amount which ha(J lately been Eaid for the use of White's Koom during the late azaar, and he conclude?! by expressingahope that those present would show their desire for the education of the children in the Scriptures by sub scribing liberally to the object. A collection was then made, which amounted t j£9 lGs. Three cheers were given at the call of His Lobdship for His Excellency the "Governor-in Chief; after which three more were given for Lady Daly; and finally three hearty cheers were given for the Queen. The proceedings were brought to a close by the singing of " God Save the Queen." White's Vailey, A ldinga.—A corre spondent lias supplied the following:—"The anniversary services of the Aldinga Congrega tional Chapel were held on the 22nd and 23rd May. On Sunday, the Eev. G. Stonehouse preached two impressive sermons to large and attentive audiences. A tea meeting was held on the follow ing day, after which there was a public meeting. The attendance, notwithstanding disadvantageous circumstances, was very gratifying. The Eev. Isaac Prior (the minister) took the chair, Miss H. Sheppard presided at the harmonium, and Sir. Albert Chapman led the choir. Mozart's ' Gloria,' &c..; having been played, and nraver offered un. tlie Chairman gave an opening address, alluding to the reasons for thankfulness for the success.of the past year. Evident attention and earnestness had prevailed, and the increasing attendance liad ren dered the building uncomfortably small. The choir then sung the anthem ' How beautiful upon the Mountains,' after which the Eev. G. Stone house gave his lecture on 'The Catacombs of Borne, or the Burial-places of early Christians.' It was listeued to with rapt attention; and during an interval the choir sang 'Comfort ye my People' with good effect. After the lecture the Chairman called on Mr. C. Goode, of Adelaide, who, in an interesting way, narrated his travels in Italy, and his visits to the catacombs just referred to by the lecturer. He said he could endorse the description given, and confessed his inability to couvey to the meeting anything more descriptive than what they had listened to. He congratulated the minister and friends connected witn the chapel on various grounds, especially on this—that they, as Pa;dohaj)tists, had a Baptist for their minister; thus showing that the bond which united them in their common faith was not divided by the stream of their differences. An event occurred on Sunday morning which cast a shade of solemnity on the : exercises of tliis anniversary, viz., the unexpected death of an amiable youth 19 years of age. who was connected with the Sunday-school. In his life lie was much respected, and in his death evi dently deplored; for the attendance at his funeral was larger than any ever witnessed here before under similar ^circumstances. In consequence of this, as well as in deference to the wish of the lecturer, the votes of thanks common on such occasions were dispensed with; so that, after the hymn " Give me the wings of faith to rise' had been sung, the meeting was closed with the bene diction." Kapotstda — Teetoialism. — A corre spondent sends us the following:—"A meeting in connection with the Kapunda Total Abstinence Society was held in the Public Schoolroom on Tuesday evening, the 17th instant. Mr. D. Nock presided. Messrs. Wm. Hawke, Bobert Jones, John Williams, John Jones, and B. Barrett severally addressed the meeting. All the addresses !were earnest and effective. The Band of Hope band played at intervals. The meeting was well attended, and all seemed interested ar,d pleased. Several names were added to the pltdge-uook at the close of the meeting" 