THE NEWS OF THE DAY. A meeting of the members of the Bar was held on Saturday, to consider the new rules submitted by; tho committee appointed to-nrepare them. After sorno disaussion, it was agreed to amend the pro posal to constitute a governing body, consisting of: . the inferior judges and three practising barristers,, by substituting the Attorney-General for the time being, tho Queen's Counsel, and six practising bar risters, threo to bo appointed by tho judges and. three by the profession. 1!he meeting was fu^her; adjourned. Tho wholo of tho election returns for the North Western Province hate been received, from, whicli it appears that Mr Fitzgerald has secured a majority of CGover MrBayne. The total numbers are:. — Fita- gerald, GOO; Bayne,. 630; Robertson, 357.. Wo have our files from New South Walc3 to tha 10th in'jt. Tho S. M. Herald gives the following relative to tho finances of the colc-cy. — 'The propeY incomo for the year amounted to £1,534,187 0s 9fl. This, added to the balance in hand at tho beginning of the year, gave available funds to tho am.ount of £1,747,913 16s 2d. But the actual ex penditure, cxclusivo of loans, amounted to not less than £2,-M3,4.G1 lis 10d. Owing to this extrava gance v,*a snent in the course of the year £295,520 15s Sd more than wo received. This not only sucked up all the balance in hand wo started with, but left an absolute deficit at tho end of tho year of £71,704 03 3d— a deficit reduced in tho books to £GG,8S3 7s 4d by tho balance of adjustments over advances to public officers. These figures only givQ the actual fiuance of tho year, aud do not show how much of the extravagance of the year vas thrown ,1 #.11 ? f ? rtnlT* forward on to tue lonowuiy jcui. — J bo fully exhibited when we find how much of tha expenditure for 18G4 has been due to obligations contracted iu the previous year.' We are in receipt of our files from Wellington to the 1st, aud from Otago to tho 5th inst. No thing of importance had occurred iu connection with° ths gold-finds. On the 2nd inst., a nume rously attended public meeting was held in tho Princess's Theatre, Dunedin, in promotion of tho agitatiou in favor of opening tho ports for tha importation of cattle. Resolutions were unani mously passed declaring that an unjust monopoly existed to protect vested interests ia cattle ; that thero was no monopoly on tho part of the batchers ; that (he proclamation of diseased districts ought to I.e withdrawn, as well as tho ports rpened ; and that a petition should be signed by the chairman, and presented to the Superintendent, as from the meeting.' Tho de putation waited upon the Superintendent on tho f jllowing day, and in answer to the representations ?msde to him', his Honor gave the following reply : —'I inter-d to open the Southland market, and I understand there are many cattlo fit for market there. Then I intend to immediately appoint an intelligent commission, of men who will be able to collect information and give an intelligi n: opinion on the subject as to what are really the canses of tho high prices of meat in the market, and whether they aro likely to bo affected by tho importation of stock. If I find, whatever their Ycport may be, at tho end of a reasonably short time — say three weeks or a month, at least — that prices of meat are not materially reduced from some causo or other, I shall certainly tako steps to get meat from other places.' As considerable anxiety has been manifested to learn what casualties occurred during the late cyclone at Calcutta to vesssels trading from or be longing to this port, wo givo the following list : — Lew Chow, lost ; Sir William Eyro, back broken ; Anne Royden, on shore, hogged, and much strained ; Thalatta, on shore, doubtful whether sho can be got ? off; Tornado, only slightly damaged; Solway, Groat Tasmania, and Rod Rosa badly damaged ; John Lidgett, sustained no' damage ; Dirigo was at moorings at commencement, but has not since been lieard of ; Tchemaya, ashore. The Southland Times (Invercargill) of the 4th instant, referring to the railway works, states that a rumor has obtained currency that an offer has been made to tho Government by a gentleman who, for a bonns of £8000, agrees to advance the sum of £60,000 to bo expended in the completion of the lines of railway from the Bluff, to Wiaton, said sum of £60,000 to bear intorest at tho rate of ten per cent. Tho necessity of retrenchment appears to have forced itself on tho attention of the Government of Otago. In committoe of supply, on the '27th ult., the Provincial Treasuror explained that £1000 would be saved on the half-year by reducing the salaries of the officers in tho Civil Service of tho province, and £1000 more by a reduction in tho number of officers employed. The proposed reduction in tho salaries, however, did not meet with the concurrence of tho Council ; and, on tho 4th instant, it was re solved, on the motion of Mr Vogel, that 'no reduc tion of salaries shall take place during the current six months.' We take tho following from tho Daily Southern Cross: — 'Mr S. Stephenson, of Russell, writing to us under dato 10th October, says : — ' Tho en closed paper was taken out of a bottlo picked up on Pakcha Beach, Bay of Islands, on Sundaj', 9th Oc tober, 180i, which you will please publish. The paper in question, which will be found below, would appear to havo been enclosed in tho bottle for a period of no less than two years and nine months. It spi aks for itself. [copy.] — Ship Eucalypti, at sea. Lat. 10° 10 ' S., long. 180° E. 30th January, 1861\. The ship Eucalypti, from Singapore for Otago, Captain Jeremy, waterlogged. Down on her beam ends ; foro and mainmasts carried away ; cookhouse and all the boats, except tho gig, stove in. The captain aud chief mate, Mr Lowe, and soven seamen, leave tho Bhip in the gig this day, in hopes of roaching tho coast of New South Wales. May God protect us. S. H. Jeremy.' ' The Castlemaino Daily Newa sayB : — 'It is stated that the missing man, Pownall— whose clothes were so mysteriously found on tho banks of the Yarra, and who was generally supposed to have gone some where on a sea voyage — is quietly housed in the flourishing locality of Daylesford.' Tho first spring exhibition, for tho present year, of the Horticultural Society of Victoria was held in the Botanical Gardens, on Saturday, and was visited by about 3000 persons, including his Excellency tho Governor and party, and tho elite of Melbourne and the suburbs. The accommodation provided both for exhibits and visitors was very good, and tho ar rangements generally reflected much credit on the committee. The entries in nearly every department were numerous, and tho display of flowers, fruits and vegetables such as to make tho oxhibition a decided success. Tho head-quarters band was in attendance and played a variety of pleasing airs daring the afternoon. We understand that Mr George Watson, Lonsdale street, has, by tho last mail, received from tho Grand Lodge of Gardeners in Scotland a charter for the establishment of a Lod-;e of Freo Gardeners iti Victoria. The charter, which bears tho date a.d. 1864, aud of Gardenery 5863, which shows the antiquity of the institution, is the first that has been recoived in any part of Australia. The lodgo which Mr Watson and several other Gardeners propose establishing will thus be the provincial grand lodgo in this colony, especially as the charter gives the power to tho proposed lodgo - to inaugurate and establish other lodges. Tho prospects of the pro visional loilga are highly encouraging, as not only have they a large balance at the baulc, but a con siderable number of gentlemen havo already become members, and will bo duly initiated and admitted when the lodge is fully organised. Tho second day's shooting of tho fifth meo'ing of the Victorian Rifle Association came off on Sa turday. Tho ties on tho previous day's matches were first shot off, and resulted in a few readjust ments of tho prizemen. The second match, con sisting of tho twenty best in Match I., resulted in favor of Sergeant Rainsford and Lieutenant Temple ton, who took 1st and 2nd prizes respectively, at COO yards. M'Hutcliinson was first at 700 yards, and Captain Cnuchman socond. At 800 yards, Forsyth and Hinuay took the prizes, and cn the total scores, Lieutenant Templeton carried off Major General Clmta's enp, and also tho medal of tho National Association, whilo Colonol Audersou's rifle was awarded to Sergeant Flanagan, aud Private Forsyth came third. In the Mem bers' Match, Sergeant Cole and Lieutenant Russell won tho two prizes of plato re spectively valued at £10 and £5. In Match V. tho best twenty of Match IV. wore to talio part. Some of them retired from the contest, but tho prizes wero carried off by Templeton aud SI'Ewan at 700 yards ; Lynch and A. B. Smith at 800 yards ; and Richards and Templeton at 900 yards. On tho total score, Lynch, of New South Wales, stood first for 65 points ; Richards second, 05 ; Lieutenaut Templeton, -H ; M'Ewan, 50. The challenge cup has been assigned to Cap ain Couch man, of the Castlemaino Corps ; but there is some dispnte about the possession of it. We learn from tho Ballaarat Star that a number of people have left Clunes, Kingston, and Smeaton, to proceed to the new settlement about to be formed at Camden Harbor, and valuable landed property has in somo instances been sacrificed by those anxious to rea'ise for that purpose. The farm of Mr Charles Ford, comprising about forty acres of land, upwards of twenty of which were under crop, with commodious dwelling, outhouses, &c.;, was sold for £300 ; and tbo well known property of Mr Woodhouse, at Smeaton, only brought £800. Tho above named gentlemen have also taken thoir families with them. We tako the following from the Ballaarat Star of Saturday: — ' Our police courts present many me lancholy spectacles to the thoughful observer, but seldom has a sight occurred moro humiliating to our boasted civilisation than that of Friday morning at the eastern court. No fewer than jive juvenile offen ders, nono of whom was more than twelvo years old, were brought up by tho police authorities for disposal by tho magistrate. Two fathers and one mother of ?three of these waifs of humanity had the hardihood -to eater the witness-box to gire evidence against ii — 3 a™ witness the conduct of all them, and no ono could . these parents without comi^S t° the conclusion that a very poor example had been shown and very little care taken to teach tho children their -^-7° God aud their neighbor; and ono father displayed a very discreditable indifference to tho futui 0 prospects o his child. As tho only method of dealing wlt' these poor children, three of them wero sent U1 tho gaol for fourteen days, and two, who wero more L''miual, wero sent to tho reformatory for threo years.' On Monday the intercolonial match commences between ten Victorians aud the same number of Now South Wales men. The men nomiuated on the Sydney side are— JRaynor, Sharp, Lynch, Slade, West, Brownlow, Smith, Richards, Roberts, Storey and J. Dickson, with H. C. Danger as umpire. Frcm thoso tleven, ten will bo selectod on Monday morning, tb.a oleventh being at present added as an emergency man. Tho samo rulo applies to the Victorians also nominated, who are — Messrs Tem pleton, M'Naughton, Sargood, Macartnoy, Frost, Cole, Couchman, Rede, Middleinis, M'E wan, Sleep and Douglas. The Sydney men engaged in the matches on Friday and Saturday, besides those al ready mentioned, wero — Glennic, S. Dickson, 'Wick- ham, Spouco, M'Lean and Cohen. Tho annual show of the Smeaton, Spring Hill, and Bullarook Agricultural Association was held on Thursday last, and was the most successful, both in quality of exhibits aud amount of visitors, that has occurred siuco tho formation of tho associu- - tion. The dinner in tho evening was also largely i and iullueutially attended. The Ballaarat Star says that ' sales of agricultural machinery, horses and cattle, wero held at the show yards, Smeaton, on Friday, by Mr Everingham, and also by Mr Brawn. The prices realised for tho machinery wero very good, but tho stock went, on the average, at rather a low figure.' Tho M. A. Mail states that 'Mr Alfred S. Gal braith, a commercial traveller, was apprehended in Melbourno tho other day on a charge of deserting his wife, who resides in Castlemaino. Tho appre hending constable, mistaking his duty, put Mr Gal braith in irons, aud thus conducted him to Castle maino. It is tho intention of Captaiu Harrison to bring the matter before the Chiof Commissioner of Polico.' An amusing case cams before tho bench at Wood end, on Thursday last. Constable Hanlon, of that place, summoned Mounted Constable Edward Hall, of Kynetou, for riding on tho footpath upon tho 3rd inst., being election day. 'The offenco,' says the Kyneton Guardian, ' was committed unwittingly ; but, on tho principlo that thoso whoso bnaiuess it is to prevent the law from being broken should not themselves break it, ovory one expected that the usual sentence of 'fino iSa and costs' for n first offenco would havo been tho result. Hall, how ever, combated the jurisdiction of tho bench, ou tho ground that there wero no footpaths in Woodend, and that the streets were not defined iu the Govern ment Gazette, as required in the Town and Country Police Act ; an objection which tho polico, assisted by the town clerk of the borough, could not get over, and tho case was dismissed.' A narrow cscapo from a destructive lire is recorded by tho Tarrengower Times. Our contemporary states that ' on Wednesday night last, shortly after ton o'clock, when Mr and Mrs Pettit, of the Cricke ters' Arm?, were at tho Volunteer Ball, a fire broko out in the room of a lodger, Mr H. Woodfull. It appears that two or throo of Mr Woodfull's children sleop iu one bed and thoir father in anothor, in tho samo room. He went to bed and thought lessly left the caudle alight. Whether ho was reading and accidentally dropped off to sleep wo aro unawaro. Fortunately ono of tho little ones was awakened by tho fall of a burning picture, and, instead of being scared, ran into tho other part of tho hou3e where Mr Easton and some others were. It was quickly understood what was the matter, and Mr Easton lost no time in rushing to tho room, which was discovered to bo on firo, rescuing the children, aud by prompt and energetic measures putting out tho flames. Undor Providence Mr Easton was instrumental in saving tho whole side of Main stroot. The flames had nearly got a firm hold, and, had this nearly been quite, nothing would have saved a general conflagration.' The charge sheet at tho city polico court, on Saturday, was a very light ono. A number of per sons who had imbibed rather freely on the previous night suffered the usual pecuniary penalty for their imprudence. A point of considerable importance to seamen was decided in the caso of Daniol Roberts, one of the crow of the- Istanboul, charged with neglecting to join his ship. It has long been a popular belief nmangst tho Beafaring class that a sailor desirous of obtaining a discharge othorwise than throngh the Government shipping office, has only to commit an offence for which ho will receive a sentence of imprisonment, which, having under gone, exempts him from further sorvico under tho ship's articles. This, however, has boen decided to be a fallacy according to tho ruling of tho bench in this case. It appears that Roberts, on the arrival of his ship at Melbourno, recoived a sentence of eight weeks' imprisonment, at tho expiration of which period he was discharged, but not returniug to his ship was arrested at tho instance of the captain and sent on board, notwithstanding his plea that tho punishment ho had undergono constituted a dis charge. Tho caso of tho littlo girl Francos E. Howard, although ono of almost daily occurrence, has a painful interest attached to it. Tho child's mother dying iu tho Melbourno Hospital, the little one was left without a natural pro tector, and, hut for the kindness of a neighbor, Mrs Bennett, of Nunawading, would have been thrown friendless and destitute on the street. This lady, however, took the unfortunate child into her ownhoino aud provided for hor, until, becoming anxious to have something like a definito provision made for her future welfare, sho now brought tho child before tho Melbourne bench, by whom she was transferred to an industrial school. James Goro, a boy of tender years, was charged by his father with volnritarily forsaking his home, and becoming tho associate of tho juvenile scum of the streets. As tho father appeared desirous that tho hoy should be subjected to a reformatory process, of which he intimated ho would defray tho expense, tho boy was ordered to be placed in an indurtrial school for a period of three years. The following cases wero disposed of at the Richmond police court on Saturday : — John M'Grath was brought up on warrant for assaulting his wife, hut, as thero was no appearanco of tho prosecutrix, ho was discharged. Elizabeth Cubloy was lined 40s, or, in default, to go to gaol for fourteen days for making use of obscene language in a public place. Wm. ltigg was fined 10s for leaving his horsa and dray unprotected. At tho Emerald Hill polico court, on Saturday, a young mau named Robert Doig, a boilermaker, was brought up, on remand, charged with indecent be havior towards females. It appears that for some time past ho has been insulting young women in a disgusting manner. There wore lifteon of the young women he had so insulted assembled iu the court to give evidonco against him. After hearing tho evidence of two of thera, tho bench were of opinion that tho offence was sufficiently proved, and fined the prisoner £10. James and Eliza Murray wero summoned by Henry and Martha Basford for detention of property, valued at £6 7s. Complainants had beou lodgers in tho honse of tho defendants, and, somo misunderstanding arising about rent, several articles of clothiug had beeu detained. The bench ordered them to be ' returned within four days. George Dykes was fined 20s, with 6s costs, for allowing a nuisance. The adjourned application of Wooton Edward Busholi, of the Albert Park Hotel, Moray street, for a publican's license, was heard. Mr Sturt had been requested by the local magistrates to adjudicate ia this case, aa thero was a division ot opinion among them as to tho legality of a memo rial which had been presented against the applica tion by certain residents in tho neighborhood. Mr Sturt decided that the memorial was illegal, and, as no cno appeared to support it, the application was granted. Seven small debt cases wore also disposed of. Messrs Findlay, Haig, and Moore were tho prosiding magistrates. Yiu Sydney, we have our Auckland file3 to tha 1st instant, but the intelligence contained in the local journals has, for the most part, bean antici pated by telegram. We havo Queensland papers to tho 3rd inst. The. Guardian of that dato says : — ' It has been rumored lately that the Queensland Government is ot length about to bestir itself in tho canso of exploration. Wo havo beard that an expedition is shortly to be started alonj onr northern coast, for the purpose of making tho psblic more fn!ly acquainted than -hcy are at present with tho cap ibililies and resources of tho country on our seaboard, a good portion of which yet remains a terra incognita. From what fell from Mr Herbert near the close of the last ses sion, when a vote of thanks was passed by the As sembly to Mr F. Walker, tho explorer, wo aro in clined to give more credence to this rumor than such reports geuerally desorvo.' A man, named John Clarke, has been committed, at Kyneton, to tako his trial for manslaughter, for having caused tho death of ono August Hoist, whom, on the 3rd instant, he had struck on tho head with an iron bar. Tho affray is thus described by Clarke's wife, who was examined at tho inquest as a witness : — ' Deceased was at witness's house at the Great Hills on Sunday afternoon last, between two and four o'clock ; the prisoner (Clarke) and deceased had a few words together, the latter saying ' he was a fighting man ' ; sho did not know the cause of tho quarrel, but thought it was about a pipe ; iu reply to Hoist's remark, Clarke said ' I think I could fight you myself.' Deceased told prisoner he could not, saying ho (Hoist) could fight a biugcr man, and, at the samo timo pushed tho prisonei with his hand ; a quarter of an hour elapsed without anything passing, aud Clarko went iuto the bed room, took off his waistcoat, and, returning, took up an iron bar and struck Hoist iu the head with it ; witness said, * you havo killed tho man,' aud then ran ont for assistance. Mi'3 Heffer came, and pickod up deceased, who was lyiug insousiblo on tho floor, aud washed tho wound ; it was a largo wound right across Llio forehead-; he was partly insensible tho whole night, and in tho morning ho was removed to tho hospital, when ho died.' Tho regatta committee, wo understand, intend applying for a grant of land on tho banks of tho Saltwater River, as a site for a grand stand, &c; i hey expect that, should thoy bo successful, they will bo able to havo moro and bettor acquatic sports during tho year than can be obtaiued on the Upper Yarra — the course being wider and straighter. A lecture will ho delivered this evening in St. George's Hall, by tho Rev. C. T. Perks, of Rich mond, on the subject — ' Sojourn, exodus, and wan derings of Israel in tho Wildornoss, illustrated by recently transcribed monuments.' As the subject is one of deep interest, and tho Melbourne Hospital, in aid of the funds of which the lecture is to be delivered, ono of tho most deserving of our chari table institutions, it is hoped tho attendance will be numerous. The following information rolativo to tho death of a gentleman formerly woll-known in this city, we take from the New York Tribune of the 25th August : — ' A largo circlo of persons interested in phonography will regret to hoar of the death of Mr Wm. Murray, late of Melbourno, Aus tralia, and recently of this city, who died on tho 22nd inst,, after ten days' illness. Mr Murray was a nativo of Scotland, aud, while in that country, edited the Phonographic Examiner. He was a skilful reporter, and was much respected b - all who knew him for his amiable disposition. His illness was contracted while roporting a military commission in Washington.' Wo understand that n .meeting of tho regatta committee will bo held at tho Freemasons' hotel, Swanston atreet, to-night, for the purpose of con sidering tho protests lodged by crews against tho results of several of tho races on Wednesday last. The committee, wo aro requested to state, ^ ill feel obliged by the attendance of gontlomen who may bo able to inform them of the circum stances of any foul they may have witnessed at tho regatta, aud so enable them to como to a correct decision. Gentlemen holding subscrip tion lists aro also requestod to hand them in to the seorotary, Mr. Hollick, at this meeting,- as it is desired to wind up tho business of the regatta as speodity as possible. Tho prizes will not bo pre sented for about throe weeks hence. This delay, however, solely arises from the fact that tho com mitteo aro having tho cups specially manufactured in tho colony, aud thoso wo understand will bo much superior to any that havo beeu presented in connec tion with any previous regatta here. Mr J. Balfour will, this evening, deliver a lcc tnre entitled ' An hour with somo popular preachers and orators,' at tho Scots' Church, Collins stroot east, in connection with the Presby terian Young Men's Association. Tho second subscription meeting of tho Industrial Building and Investment Society, will be held this evening at tho Bolvidero Hotel, Victoria Parade. After tho sut-3ciptions have been taken, a sale of shares will tako place. The dramatic entertainment of Mr and Mrs George Caso (Miss Graco Egerton), aa given at the Polytechnic Hall, has become established among tho theatrical representations of tho city. Thero was tho customary largo attendance at tho hall on Saturday evening, aud theso favorite performances seem to run no danger of losing their popularity. On Saturday- evening, the well-kuown and standard drama of Buckstoue's, entitled ' The Groen Bushes,' wasagaiu presented to a Melbourno audience, at the Haymarket Theatro, with the usual acceptability and success, especially when Lady Don sustained tho part of the heroine — Nelly O' Neil.- Thoro was a very good house, and tlio piece was vory creditably supported throughout. Tho evening's entertainments concluded with an elegant musical comediatta termed ' Perfection,' in which Lady Don deligbte 1 tho andionco with two effective songs — ' Kato Kearney' and ' The Last Hose of Summer.' If anything could make us forget the presumption of tho dramatist who ' adapted' Dickens's delight ful Christmas piece, ' The Crickot on tho Hearth,' it would bo Mr Jefferson's impersonation of C'a'eb Plammer, which is so singularly true to nature aud instinct with the soul of its literary prototype, that the spectator has difficulty in persuading hiinsolf that it is not tho veritable toy merchant — in his rugs and misery, living in the ideal mansion sur rounded by every corufort, which, by a kind hearted deception, dictated by a touching affection for his blind daughter, ho ha3 painted for her — who stands before him. The dramatic illustration of ' The Cricket ou tho Hearth,' as produced at tho Theatre Royal, on Saturday evening, diiVaroil but litttle, n9 far as its representation is concerned, from its successful performance at tho Trincesa's Theatre, when Mr Jefferson first placed himsolf on such good terms with Melbourne audiences. Mr aud Mrs Heir again appeared as John Peerybingle and Dot, and enacted that domestic hero and heroine with great fidelity. Mr Harwood was tho close-fist d ' Scroogey' old landlord Tacklelon, who undergoes a similar moral revolution to him who saw Marley'a ghost, albeit the portraiture was rather weak ; and Mrs Alfred Phillip3's Mrs Fielding, with hor never-ending lugubrious references to what might havo happened to her in the way of commer cial prosperity but for a certain calamitous crisis in the indigo trade, wast a source of constant merriinen t Miss Mortimer's representation of Tilly Slowboy, that extraordinary oreatioa who had ' the mechanical ! power of reproducing scraps of current conversation for tho delectation of the, baby, with all the sense struck ont of them and all the nouus changed into ths plural number,' was very effective ; and Miss Carry George played the blind girl with an un affected simplicity quite suited fo tho part. Mr Lawrauce's Ned Fluuimcr was all that was necessary. The whimisicalities aud tho burners of tho piece, as well as the tender and pathetic scenes, woro ad mirably sustained by Mr Jefferson throughout with h'S accustomed felicitonsness, and the curtain fell aitid loud applause. The performances conclndod with the farce of ' The Spitfire,' in which Mr Jefferson, as Tobias Shorteut, kept the house in roars of laughter. 