TvTLLIAMAND .LAVY. A Pastoral Pom. loCQiE— The Crown Lands: villagers standing by; squatters, with nocks aud herds, in the distance.] William (the new Shepherd). See. O see! the ninurnful law Comes this way with dog and crook Comes with heart and eyelids heavy, Comes with dark and dismal look. ' Well I know his cause of sorrow— His no more are flocks and herds ; All his sheep must go to-morrow, All his milk be turned to curds. I, the joyful shepherd fated To receive the nappy charge. Come with tuneful pipe elated— Lavy wanders forth at large. Chords of Squatters. Let him wander where he will, Cattle-slaughtering with him goes, Also that atrocious Bill For branding sheep upon the nose. Shameful laws, O wretched clause! To brand the sheep upon the nose. Lavt. Yes, my masters ; but I pray you Be not quite so merry yet; In my wand'rings I may play you Little tricks you won't forget As to ' Villiam,' who comes crowing. With a face all shiny bright, I can tell a tale worth knowing, Which won't give him much delight— I can tell of sheep all wandering Through the vale and by the brook; These your William, always pondering, Ne'er will find by hook or crook. He, of self and pelf is dreaming, Goes wool-gathering all the day ; I, with every virtue teeming; Could not lead the flocks astray. Cuoaus of Villagebs. O you Lavy, spiteful Lavy ! Let young William try his hand; Well be is known through all the valley, Gentlest shepherd in the land; He will lead the flocks to water, See where every lambkin goes; Never bring in Bills for slaughter, Never brand the tender nose. Shameful laws, O wicked clause! To brand the sheep upon the nose. William. Softly, neighbours! dp not mind him; William's heart is right and true ; Friend and foe will ever fin j him Quite 'all there,' and faithful too. Let those bitter words be taken At .their value, and no more; People's faith remain unshaken— William served them well before. Chorus of Squatters. The lambkins skip^the lambkins ploy, For dreadful Lavy goes ; He goes and takes the Bill away For branding every nose. Lavt. Murrain seize upon your bullocks, Scab devour all your sheep. Drought descend upon your hillocks, Blight through oil your valleys sweep! Ain't that strong enough to please you! Then, pray listen to my words:— May the ghost of Lavy teazc you— All your nocks and all your herds; May his warnings strike with terror All the land from hill to sea. Till the people see your error In thus sacrificing me. Full Chorus. What a dreadful imprecation, Because the Association Just threw the Branding o'er— The Branding and the Bill To slaughter and to kill, Which again shall meet our eyes O never, never more. [Lavy at the conclusion of this chorus disappears. Shiny William and the villagers join in a country dance, and the squatters stand a treat. J 