\\.. ARRIVAL r; - .?-????? THE MADRAS; WITH THE FEBRUARY MAILS \- The R.M.S Madras arrived in Hobson's Bay on Thursday, with the European mails to the 26th February. The following are the most important items of intelligence :— ENGLAND. .The commissioners appointed by the Queen to consider the forms of subscription and declaration at present required of the clergy of the Church of Erig and, altered 'consistently with the due security for the declared agreement of the clergy with the doc trines of the Church and their conformity to its ritual,' are, the Archbishops of Canterbury, York, Armagh, and Dublin ; Earl Stanhope, the Earl of Harrowby, K.G. ; the Bishops of London, Win chester, St. David'a, and Oxford ; Lords Lytteltbn, Cranworth, and Ebury; Mr E. P. Bouverie, Dr. Lushington ; the Eight Hons. Spencer Walpble, Joseph Napier, and Sir J. T. Coleridge : Sir W. Heathcote, Bart. ; Mr G. Buxton, M.P.; the Dean of St. Paul's and Ely ; Archdeacon Sandford, B.D., of Coventry ; Dr. Jacobson, Regius Professor of Divinity, Oxford ; Dr. Jeremie, Regius Professor of Divinity, Cambridge ; the Rev. Henry Venn, B.D. ; and the Rev. W. G. Humphry, B.D. In the com position of the commission, it will be noted, various elements of opinion within the Church are repre presented ; but, on the whole, there is a prepon derance of those who are already known to advo cate a Considerable change. - . The ceremony observed at the christening of the Princess Royal has been selected as the precedent to be followed on the occasion of the christening of the infant prince. It will be performed by the Arch bishop of Canterbury, assisted by four bishops, the Queen and the King of the Belgians being sponsors. After the christening a state dejeuner will be given at Buckingham Palace. , Sir, George Grey, in a letter to the Derbyshire magistrates, states that, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, he requested four medical gentle men of great experience in mental diseases to examine into Townley's state of mind, and report thereupon. The report of these gentlemen appears to sir lieorge i*rey conclusive as to xowmey oeing of. sound mind ; and, taking all the circumstances of the case into consideration, Sir George has decided that the capital sentence should be commuted to penal servitude for life. The annual return of the gross public income and expenditure of the United Kingdom in the year ending the 31st of December last has been pub lished. The total revenue was £70,433,620 5s 9d. The total ordinary . expenditure was £66,910,987 11s lOd, which would show an excess of income to the amount of £3,522,632 13s lid; but £900,000 is to be deducted from this for expenses of fortifica tions, so that the available surplus amounts to £2,622,632 13s lid. The balances in the Ex chequer on the 31st of December last amounted to £7,491,813 3s 9d. . A meeting of the committee for completing the adornment of the interior of St. Paul's Cathedral, aa originally designed by Sir Christopher Wren, has been held at the Mansion House, the Lord Mayor presiding. The work had been proceeding gradually since 1858, and during that time £10,000, in addi tion to , several considerable sums from city corpora tions, &c.;, had been collected. The estimated cost of the work is from £60,000 to £70,000. There is an idea that the Great Eastern may pos sibly be chartered to lay down the Atlantic cable. She seems adapted by her size to hold the mon strous coil, and it is to be hoped that two unfortu nate speculations may date from that voyage an era of prosperity. ? ? . ^Nineteen arches of the South London Railway, in course of construction at Cold Harbor lane, Brixton, to connect the London, Chatham and Dover Railway WXUU bUD \Jl JOlJtXL X U1UUO UUU JUUUUUU -LJllUgCi BbULiUIlS, have given way and fell to the ground a heap of ruins, These arches had been finished only about ten days, and the shoring under them had been re moved. . The catastrophe is supposed to have been caused by the sudden ohange in the weather from frost to rain. Of the nineteen arches only about four half -piers remain upright ; the rest is a heap of rains. Mrs Dawson, residing at North Shields, wife of an absent sailor, went to bed with her child who was . sick, before 'retiring to rest she placed a candle close to tho bed. Next morning, as she did not ap pear, her sister sent a 'girl to inquire about the child, who noticed smoke issuing from the keyhole. An alarm was given and a man entered the house by a ?window,, and found mother and child wasting by a slow fire burning on the mattress. They were quite dead. There is a new scheme broached for connecting England with the Continent. This is nothing less than a railway, the piers or supports of which are to be of iron, hollow, and of various sizes, to corre spond with the different depths of the sea. 'Tho largest,' says the inventor, 'might perhaps be 200 feet high, tho diameter of the base being 300 feet, and of the column rising from this base, 60 feet. Tho smaller piers might possibly average about 50 feet in height, and bo made' exactly like tho larger ones, so far as tho baso is concerned. Tho piers, being hollow, would, of course, float, and it is proposed that tho required numbor of piers, after being con struoted on land, should bo floated to their sovernl positions, and then sunk by boiug filled with water.' Tho inventor further states that ' whou sunk they will naturallv and of necossitv remain firm and im movable, and that tho piers, being perfootly smooth and round, would offer tho least amount of resistance to tho waves.' A bold scheme this, my masters ! We wonder what tho engineers will say to it. A sad railway aooident took plnoo on tho York, Whitby and Scarborough lino. Tho train was, as usual, drawn up tho Grosmont inolino by a ropo attached to a. iixod engine, and when a considerable way up tho ropo broko with tho strain, and tho train I rushed back down the inolino, loft tho rails, and overturned. Two of tho passengers wove killed Bud eeveraj others SQYWly injured A man named William Cox, aged 52 years, a | notorious miser, was recently discovered dead at his residence. For some time past the deceased oc cupied a room at a low rent in the Model Lodging House, Columbia square, Bethnal Green. . He was found lying dead on the floor, his head in the grate, where, however, no fire had been. On the table was some money, which he had apparently been counting when seized with his death-fit. His clothes were not worth a shilling, and the stockings were sewed oh his feet, and had literally grown into the flesh. He was in a state of emaciation. Deeds, leases, policies of insurance, money, watches and other property, to the value of between £6000 and £7000, were found lying about and concealed in the room. Amongst other articles, 17 coats, the same number of waistcoats, and 17 hairs of boots. all nearly new, were found in the place. , Two hundredweight of coals, which, it is ascertained, were purchased by him six months. ago-^ doubtless because they were then cheap — were found nearly untouched. It was. his habit during the severe weather to sit shivering in his room, and no one could induce him to, allow a fire, to be made. A large quantity of food was also found in the room. A fire took place at some blasting powder mills near Plymouth. It originated in the packing-room, and at one time threatened to reach the place where the main quantity of the: powder was stored. Sig nal was, however, made to the flag-ship in the harbor, and the harbor, and the boats and the en gines of that vessel, together with those of the St. George, Indus, Canopus and others, under the charge of about eight hundred men, were conveyed to the scene of action. The sailors, in the most courageous manner, entered the mills, and succeeded in removing a large quantity of the powder from the premises, and finally in suppressing the fire. There TTtrtfl Ana . nnvtml ? awilnairtYl . Ann T.TtTrt TY1OT1 ? Wfil*A n«iO VilO tJO/LVXUdt.- VAUJUO1UU) Uliiv* WITV *jl*wa* nv*« injured. ? ? ? ? ?? A scene of a very unusual character lately took place in the streets of Lowestof t. It appears that last summer the accomplished daughter of a clerical, gentleman eloped with an officer of the army, but was subsequently discovered, and taken home by her friends. For some days past the officer has been residing in Lowestof t, and while out walking one afternoon he encountered the object of his affections riding on horseback, and es corted by her reverend father, also mounted. He addressed the lady, and insisted upon doing so, in spite of the protestations of her father. The latter at length dismounted, and rushed at the military gentleman, using extremely unclerical language, and generally acting like a lunatic. The young lady en deavored to shield her lover as much as possible from the violence of her father, by wheeling her horse between them, but only partially succeeded, the officer receiving many severe kicks and blows, which he bore with the firmness of a stoic. At length the persons assembled seized the infuriated clergyman, and prevented him from inflicting further injuries on the gentleman, until the conversation between the lovers terminated. He was then let loose, and rode away with his daughter, the officer intimating his intention of taking legal proceedings for the assault. The Liverpool Mercury tells the following story of the life of ' Jenny Keefe :'— She was a woman of low birth, and about twenty- five years ago she married the hon. Augustus Yelverton, who had pre viously had two wives, one a Spanish and the other an Irish lady, and they had during the last twenty years lived in the Isle of Man, and were notorious for their depraved habits. They had been com mitted to prison at least one hundred times for drunken and disorderly conduct. The husband's children by his former wives had been taken from him. He was allowed an ample income by his brother, Lord Avonmore, but this was spent in drink as soon as received ; they had scarcely enough of rags to cover them. They had no home, and lived for tho most part either in the streets or in prison. About two months ago the husband died in a low lodging- house in Liverpool, and since his death his widow had been receiving an allowance through a Liverpool solicitor. Late on the night of . 19th February she was heard trolling out, in a voice husky with drink, the words of the song, ' True blue for ever;' and at two o'clock the following morning she was found lying in the filthy water of the gutter, in one of the most miserable back streets of Douglas, frozen to death; Her only covering was a thin gauze frock, that scarcely reached to her knees, an old pair of socks, and a pair of thin shoes. Tho coroner's jury returned a verdict of ' Death from exposure.' The hon. Augustus Yelverton, her husband, was uncle to the well known Major Yelverton. . A fire recently broke oat in the Mint, Borough, inhabited by probably the lowest and most wretched of the population of London. How the fire origi nated does not appear to be known ; it was first discovered by the policeman on the beat in a house which was crowded from top to bottom with lodgers. The flames soon attained to a great height, and, darting across the narrow street, nearly set fire to the opposite house before the fire-engines arrived. When they were got into operation the flames were quickly subdued. A great number of persons made their escape from the building, some ap pearing to bo almost .enveloped in flames ; but it was found, when the house was entered, that three men — a crossing sweeper and two dock la borers — who were in one of the rooms, had perished in the flames. A laborer has been shot in Warwickshire by a gamekeeper. The murdered man's name was Clif ton ; that of his slayer, Ditton. The latter was gamekeeper to H- J- Sheldon, Esq., at Brailes, and appears to have made himself most obnoxious by the manner in which he has brought charges of breaohes of the game laws against the laborers of the parish. No poaching, however, led to tho crime which he has committed. Clifton was walking along a foot path across a field, when Ditton ordered him back, and took him by the collar to force him. A struggle ensued, in whioh Clifton freed himself from his assailant's grasp, and struok him with a stick. Ditton then raised his gun, and dolibrately, in the sight of witnesses, shot the poor fellow dead. A coroner's jary have returned a vordict of wilful murder against tho gamekeeper. It is said to be tho custom in many hvrge west- end houses to have a table laid out in some baok room, ooverod with tho delicacios of the season and with different winos, and horo about midday tho butlor and gontlomau's gentleman drop in and do justico to the exoollont faro. In one largo and well-known establishment a cask of wine is always on draught, and no upper servant over dolivors a mossago, or ordov thoro, without taking his glass or two us a matter of right. It is uunooossary to say that tho cost untimatoly cornea out of tho pocket of tho The Cambria Leader says 'that recently a lad »ed fourteen, living at Dowlais, went out into the back yard in the evening, and returned almost in stantly in great fright, exclaiming that he had seen his own ghost. When sufficiently recovered to give an account, he said that on opening the back door, he saw himself white and deathlike, standing in front, and he at once ran back. His friends en deavored to joke him out of the belief, but he was not to be shaken ; and, singular to add, he sickened and, though a healthy lad up to the date of his fright, grew worse and died. ' . : 'A good deal of excitement,' says the Birming ham Post, 'has been produced in Stone by a some what mysterious discovery. In a street leading out of the town resides a member of the medical profes sion, with his wife and family, and in the same house has lived for many years a maiden sister of the wife's, but she had not been seen out of the house for eleven years. The recent discovery of a concealed lunatic in Cornwall ultimately led to an application to the magistrates for a warrant to investigate the circumstances, and a few days ago two magistrates and some police officers entered the house for that purpose. They found the lady in a front upper room, sitting on. a straw mattress, her limbs drawn close together, and her body leaning forward on them, with but little covering on her, and looking as if she had been indifferently fed. The room was covered with dust, dirt, and cobwebs. Under the bedstead and even on the bed (or rather mattress) were piles of dirty plates, altogether about 40, on which the occupant of the room had had her meals served, and on which were bones, some of them yellow with age. She held a bone, which had been polished by lick ing, tightly gripped in her hand,- and was with diffi culty induced to let it go. Her hah- was matted, and a compact mass of it partially covered her face. Her toe-nails had grown to. a length of about three inches, and were curled something in ihe form of a cork-screw, with sharp. points. It is said that the only way of reducing them to their proper propor tions will' be by. sawing them.. The finger-nails, were not so bad, the lady, no doubt, having kept them short by biting them. The strangest part of this strange story is that the lady herself is said to have chosen her retreat, and those who know her peculiarities are disposed to place some amount of credence in the story. She appears to be about 48 years of age, and to have been all her life known by her relations as a person of 'queer' disposition, and exceedingly unsociable and reserved, and is said to have been ' crossed in love' in her younger days. She has been removed, cleaned, and comfortably clothed, and is, we learn, now being carefully at tended to. It has been suggested that she is insane, but that does not appear to be the case.' A youth, about fifteen years of age, has been committed to York Castle for firing his master's stackyard in revenge for some fancied injury. This is the third prisoner committed for the recent Yorkshire fires. A movement is oh foot in the East Riding, to memorialise Government to bring in a bill to legalise the - use of the lash in cases of convicted incendiarism, as is now legal in the pun ishment of garotters. A working man was bitten by a mad dog in November last. His hand was much lacerated, but being immediately dressed by a surgeon, healed rapidly, although many weeks elapsed before the cure appeared complete. On the 21st January the wound was so much better thai the man went to work ; but oh the 26th he felt very unwell and went home. On the 28th he became worse, and in the evening it was as much as four or five men could do to hold him, and the dangerous symptoms of hydrophpbia had greatly increased. He suffered indescribable agony, and after remaining for a short time composed, he died on the evening of 20th January. A girl, aged fifteen, went out one night recently into me Duci£-yuru 10 get some wuier »o. mo uyj. She saw one or two men on the roof of the house, near the parapet. She shrieked out much terrified, and she called her brother. He ran out and saw the top of a man's hat as he was making his escape. The girl went indoors, but she was so terrified that her brother had to go in. to her assistance. She was taken seriously ill, and a doctor -was sent for, who found her laboring under the effects produced by sudden terror. Next day she became insensible, and some hours afterwards expired. The immedi ate cause of death was apoplexy, resulting from the fright she had sustained. SCOTLAND. The Prince of Wales has been pleased to Gonfer upon Colonel the hon. Sir Charles Beaumont Phipps, K.C.B., ' the honorary appointment of Secretary, Chamberlain,, and Receiver- General, and Keeper of the Signet of his royal highness as Prince and Steward of Scotland. The members of the Royal Scottish Academy have given a grand banquet, within the Exhibition Rooms, Edinburgh, to his Royal Highness Prince Alfred and a number of distinguished citizens. Sir J. Watson Gordon occupied the chair, and there was a large number of honorary members, academicians, and associates present. A jovLnq lady was skating lately in the centre and deepest part of Lochend, Scotland, in company with two gentlemen, when the ice broko and all three went down. The gentlemen managed to scramble out, and the lady, who was left in the hole was buoyed up by her crinoline. She was ultimately rescued from her perilous posi tion by means of ropes. A few days ago Sheriff Russell presided at the examination of a witness at Thurso, in the case of settlement between Olrig and Bower parishes. On being asked her age, she replied, ' I was 102 years of age on the 9th day of June last, old stylo.' Her name is Peggy Wares, born on the island of Stroma, on 21st June, 1761. She continues sound in mind and body, goes about her house with wonderful agility, and gave her evidence in a manner equal to the intelligence displayed by the best witnesses not half her age. The sheriff more than once remarked on the exceedingly clear and collected manner in which the venerable centenarian answered tho ques tions put to her. Tho first turf of the Aberfeldy Branch Railway was cut recently, at tho east end of the village of Aborfeldy, by tho hon. Miss Menzios, of Chesthill. A young lady, of about twenty yoars of ago, the daughter of one of the first Edinburgh families, eloped recently with a young shopmen in a large establishment in Prince's street. Tho brother of the lady immediately followed them to London, but found, on his arriving there, that they had departed for Paris. Ho pursued them to tbo gay capital, aud, aided by tho authorities, discovered them in apart ments in a fnshioimblo hotel. Finding that his sister would not come, ho threatened tho gay L.oj;liario. with, pevsosfri ghastimeyt, bn$, in attwpHpg it, he was knocked down. The noise brought up the proprietor and others of the hotel, who carried off the prostrate gentleman, ' and consigned him to the care of the commissary of police, who accommodated him with prison lodgings, and from which, next day, he was only released, through the explanation of the young husband, for it appears he had mar ried the lady in Edinburgh one week before their departure. The lady has an ample fortune at her own disposal, and it is said it was the intention of her parents to wed her to an old gouty general, well known to the community, and the proprietor of con siderable estates. The Scotch papers report a discovery at Kinghorn, Fifeshire, of a large earthen jar containing no lesa than about 30 lb weight of old silver coins, chiefly coins of the English Edwards, but with some Scot tish coins of Alexander III., John Baliol, Robert Bruce, and David II. intermixed. The latest date legible on any of the coins is 1375 ; the total number of coins is calculated (surely by exaggeration) at over 12,000. They are, doubtless, relics of the period of the English invasions of Scotland, and some of them might even carry the imagination back to the time of the occupation of Scotland by the English under Edward I. The place of the dis covery is also most suitable ; for it was at Kinghorn that there happened that fatal accident to the Scot tish kingdom— the death of the Scottish king Alex ander III. by a fall from his horse— which, by cutting off the direct succession to the crown, led to the English interference and the Wallace and Bruce struggle. Rather a strange bill was anonymously pla carded through the town of Inverness, recently, against ^countenancing the Saturday evening con-' certs, giving the . following reasons thereanent : — ' 1st. Because the sober and virtuous are enticed there, and are in danger of being contaminated. 2nd. Because the night and hour are unseasonable, and the hour for retiring (eleven o'clock) is in dan ger of encroaching upon the Lord's day. 3rd. Be cause the minds of the people, in attending upon the public worship of the Lord on the following day, are confused and filled with vanity from the effects of the preceding evening.' ' An unhappy state of matters,' says the Elgin Courier, ' has existed in the Free Church congre gation of Hopeman. A presby terial visitation of the congregation was recently held there, and the Rev. Mr Gentle, of Alva, the moderator, was to preach. A goodly company assembled, and Mr Gentle en tered the pulpit. During the first psalm, the Rev. Mr Corbet (the minister) entered the church, and went to the pulpit to stop Mr Gentle from preaching. As a hint of the course he should follow, we believe he pitched Mr Gentle's hat and manuscript to the foot of the stairs, and seized the pulpit Bible, declaring that it was hia property. This strange proceeding was followed by a prayer of considerable length, he having before hand summoned the precentor to stop singing. After prayer he opened the Bible, and commenced to read, but before going over many verses, he was interrupted by the hubbub among the audience. He exhorted the people to dismiss in quietness, and to respect the authority of her Majesty's represen tatives. This allusion had reference to the presence of three policemen. After Mr Gentle had left the pulpit, Mr Corbet, standing in his place, demanded of one of the policemen if he would not help him to clear the church. The officer replied that he took no orders from any one except the presbytery. 'But,' exclaimed Mr Corbet, 'do you not respeot private property ? ' ' Yes,' added the other, ' but I regard this church as the property of the Free Presbytery of Elgin.' The scene of excitement and confusion presented by the congregation during such altercations as these may well be imagined. Soon after this Mr Corbet retired, and the pres bytery having re-assembled to record what had occurred, they adjourned to meet in Elgin on an appointed day to consider further this painful case.' IRELAND. A crim. con. case, which excited much interest, . has been settled without a trial, in the Court of Queen's Bench, Dublin. It was that of the Rev. T. Bennett against Count Ernest de Lusi. Mr Bennett is a clergyman of the Established Church, and the defendant (who is married to an elderly lady of considerable wealth) is son of a former Prussian ambassador at the English Court, and a naturalised Irishman. Mrs Bennett is a woman of considerable personal attractions, and belongs to a very respectable family in England. She is much younger than her injured husband, and it is said that it was while the count was on a visit to Mr *Dnnr- nit- i *'» 4-\i a nf\nY\t-m? tliof- ♦ nn TiT-fni«fTilnftto f*nT*~ nection commenced. Her present -whereabouts are not known to her relatives. At the sitting of the Court of Queen's Bench, when the case was called on, Mr Whiteside said that the Count de Lusi was ?willing to submit to a verdict for £1000 — the sum which the court had obliged him to lodge, some months since, as security that he would defend the action. At that period, on the de fendant showing there was reasonable ground for believing the count was about to quit Ireland, in order to escape the action, a writ was issued against him, and he was only enlarged on placing the above sum in the hands of the court. Counsel for Mr Bennett, in reply to Mr Whiteside, said his client's fii*3t and primary object was to vindicate his own character, by showing that he was not in any way to blame for what had occarred; next, to prepare the way for ulterior proceedings in another court. Damages were no object to him. He would, there fore, agree on his behalf to the proposal of Mr Whiteside, which would save the harrowing details of the case from being at present dragged promi nently into light. By direction of the court tho jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, with £1000 damages and 6d costs. Serjeant Sullivan applied to his Lordship that the money which had been lodged in court should be paid over immediately to the plaintiff. Mr Whiteside, Q.C. : Oh yes, my lord, certainly. His Lordship : Take down a rule — verdict for* the plaintiff on all the issues, £1000 damages and 6d costs. Both sides had the most able men at the bar engaged. At a public meeting, held in Limerick, pursuant to a requisition of the citzens. to discuss the subject of the taxation of Ireland, Mr Fisher, of Waterfowl, quoted statistics from which he sought to prove that Ireland had paid more than her share of taxation, and referred to tho Act of Union to show that the arrangement which was then entered into to the effect that Ireland should pay taxes in tho ratio of 2 to 17 as compared with Great Britain, had not been adhored to. Resolutions were passed deplor iug the increase of taxation, the deereaso of capital and income, and the emigration of the people. Tho Clonmel Chronicle states that there is a strong reason for believing that Michael Hayes, the jnyrflereyof My Brazil, ia gUU in toe neighbor* Hood of the property over which the unfortunate gentleman was agent. ''If so,' it says, 'the sympathy of the peasantry . with the criminal has proved more than a match for constabulary zeal.' Both of Hayes's sons, who always bore a had. re- putation, are now in the hands of the law, for an outrageous assault upon two. women, leaving both in a most dangerous state. It was subsequently discovered that the motive which led to this brutal assault wa3 revenge for their having given evidence against Michael , Hayes's eldest son, who, at the time they appeared against him, was committed to gaol for twelve months for threatening the life of a farmer. . - A robbery, which; savors more of the daring of Italian brigandage than ah ordinary Irish affair, has taken place at Rockingham house, the seat of Lord Lorton. This superb mansion, is beautifully situa ted on Lough Key, about . two miles from Boyle, county Roscommon. The grounds, 2000 acres, ? tastefully planted, are protected by strong walls and thick-set thorn fences, .with four grand entrance lodges. It is the very last place, imaginable for so extensive a robbery to have taken place. The roofs have been literally stripped of sheet lead and leaden pipes, several tons in weight., Two persons were detected in open day leisurly driving a cart with five; cwt weight. of the lead, in it. The constabulary found about two cwt more in a pit dug in the garden, and other pieces concealed in various places. It ap pears the greater part of it had been carted away. An address appears in the Dublin Nation, signed by John Martin, :one of the '48 heroes, and who is amongst the cleverest of that rebel band, on behalf of the' provisional committee of the Irish National League,' setting forth that the object of that body Vis to obtain the restoration of a separate and inde pendent Irish Legislature and Government.' Admass meeting was convened for the evening of 22nd February, in the Rotunda, Dublin, to protest against the vote of the corporation granting a site in College-green for the statue of the late Prince Con sort. It was very largely attended, there being from 4000 to 5000 people present. This audience ?was composed of the most disorderly people that ever, perhaps, were congregated together. Shortly after the proceedings commenced, some of the people become incensed at the mention by The O'Donoghue, M.P., of the name of Mr T. D. Sullivan, of the Nation. The malcontents were members of the Fenian Brotherhood. Some of Mr Sullivan's admirers took his part.. A row ensued, tables and chairs were broken to splinters, which were used as weapons by the combatants, but no one was serionsly hurt. The O'Donoghue slipped away ; so did the chairman, Mr James Crotty; and. their example :was followed by Mr Sullivan and a large number of priests. The audience had possession of the house. They shouted, swore, and cheered until teii o'clock, when they were induced by the police to leave, which they did quietly. Dublin is preparing to hold a second exhibition next year. It is proposed to embrace a double show of the products of human skill ; on the one side, works of pure art, and on the other, works of industry. The matter has obtained the support of Lord Carlisle, and a great success is anticipated. A few nights ago, a band of six.armed man, with faces blackened, attacked the house of a farmer named Nash, residing near the village of Adare, Limerick, and, after having forced an entrance, they dragged him from his bed, placed him on his ' knees, and one of them fired at him, inflicting a serious, and, it is feared, a fatal wound. The only cause' assigned for this outrage is that; Nash ejected three widows from a farm of land, of which he had become tenant. Another outrage is reported from Roscommon. Three men attacked a man named Frallon, near his house at Laragh,_ and having knocked him down, beat him unmercifully with bludgeons, inflicting no less than nine wounds on his head. The parties have been arrested. The Rev. Mr M'Loughlin, of Enniskillen, has been arrested, and is lodged in the county gaol in that town, on the charge of celebrating an illegal marriage between a young man named Peterson, a Roman Catholic, and Susanna Quinton,. a Pro: testant, a minor, and a ward in Chancery. 