LORD OAKBUHN'S DAUGHTERS . Br Mrs. IIenrt "Wood. Tlic originator and chief of the sensational school of English novelists will not suffer loss of reputa tion through her present novel, on which she luw expended wore than ordinary care, and in which her faculty for constructing a strange nnd painful plot is sccu to ndvautage. Bigamy makes no con tribution to tlio complexities and troubles of the drama ; but the story is highly seasoned with murder and incest, the murderer being a diaboiicnl surgeon, who kills bis wife withprussic ncid, in order that lie may be at liberty to marry her sister. " These crimes," oliservcs the gentle author, offering a faint apology for the repulsive character of her main incidents, ft having their rise iu tlio evil passions of our nature, are not the most pleasant for the pen to record ; but it cannot be denied that they undoubtedly lienr for many of us an interest wc!l-nigh|amoimtii)g to fascination." It is almost needless to say tlmt in accordance with tlio first principles of sensational art, the murder » committed nt the outset of the first volume, nnd tlic criminal escapes detection until the close of the story,— when retributive justice makes nn end " of the unravelling of tlic fate of Clarice Chcsncy." Nothing is more character istic of Mrs. Wood's system than the coolness and promptitude with which she kills her bnhy, as a commencement of business, and ultimately termi nates three volumes of mystery by erecting the gallows. In 1 Lord Oakbum's Daughters she opens in the old way with more tlum usual dexterity. lire tlic render lias passed lib eye over 00 pages he is. tortured by at least a dozen exciting questions, any one of which would cause a sensitive lady nights of sleepless ness. What stern fate can be in storo for tho beautiful girl who has arrived in South Wennock at close of day 1 How comes she to be so near her confinement ? Is she a wife, or only another victim of man's lawless passion ? Will she survive uiu pnuu ui jouour i is uie scvcu-uioiiuis uauy likely to do well? Whither has the hard- featured woman, mysterious visitor to South Wcnnock, 011 tlic day following thcnccouchcnicnt, carried the wailing infant by tlic night train ? What is the nature of the interview )>etwccn Lcwb Carlton and the lonely mother ? Who gave tlmt lovely girl the pruasic acid which deprived her of life, and consigned her to a pauper s grave in the parish whithcrslie bad come a few days before, a sorrowful und unattended stranger I These arc but a few of tlio questions whicli renders put to themselves before they have hurried through tho first third of the first volume. Of course, after so spirited nn opening, the interest of the story slightly diminishes, and the action la less rapid ; but from first to last the book is more closely and evenly written than any of the author's earlier tales. A widower and poor officer of the uavy. Captain Chesney. is living in the neigh bourhood of Plymouth witli four unmarried daughters, Jane, Laura, Clarice, and Lucy, when, to the great indignation of her needy, but aristo cratic, family, Clarice Chesney determines to earn her living as a governee. Clarice b n girl of rare beauty nnd strength of will; and leaving her father anu sisters to their genteel indigence she goes up to London, where, under the name of Bcnitchnmp, she obtains a teacher's situation in a private family. Her father refuses to counte nance her whilst she thus disgraces her ancient lincago; nnd lie forbids her name to be mentioned in lib hearing. In London, Clarice Bcanch&tnp;, alias Chesney, marries a young surgeon, slie and her husband resolving to keep their mar riage a profound secret until he lias earned the means to support her. Leaving London, this surgeon, Lewis Carlton, settlesatSouth Wennock, a sinnll country town, where he hopes noon to make a good income. Just about the same time that Lewis Carlton settles in South Wcnnock, Captain Chesney and lib tlirce daughters leave the neighbourhood of Plymouth, nnd also establish themselves in tlie surgeon's recentlv-adopted town. Lewis becomes tlio Captain's incdieaf at tendant, and is introduced to- tlio Cnptnin's chil dren. Clarice, it should be observed, married him under tho name of Beaucliampond nevr told him the truth of her own. privato history. Conse quently, on becoming a constant visitor at Cap tain Chcstiey'.s residence,, lie is altogether unaware that the ladies of the- house- are his sisters-in-law. Moutlis jiqss- onr and ao sooner lias lie fallen in love with. Laura Chesnev, than Clarice enters South Wennock, in total ignorance tliat her father ami sisters have become inhabitants of the place. In- her seventh month of pregnancy the poor girl, pining to l>c near her husband, tnkas lodgings in. Jriouth Wcnnod under the assumed name of Mn?. Crane,, and writes to Lewis Carlton, who> occupies a house in another part of the parish, informing him of her abode, and begging him to visit her without delay,, as ; the exertion and excitement of travel have- pre maturely brought upon her- the pains of child birth. Unfortunately Lewis is absent from home, and. another surgeon Mr. Stephen Urcy, ® sum moned at the last extremity to Clarice, who gives birth to a boy. Before 48 hours have passed, however, Lewis sees ha wife, and, era the mnrilimr follrnvin V tlio tnfoppinur 1»A fa fninwl dead iu lier bed, appnreatly poisoaed 1>_\\- n cora- jiosing draught scut to her from Mr." Stephen Grey's surgery. The inquest which follows ends hi wlmt jurymen term tut open verdict, and in a general suspicion that the poor woman lost lier life through Mr. Grey's carelessness. His wife bcinjr thus put to rest, and li!3 child having been earned off to Scotland, Lewis Carlton marries his wife's sister, Laura Chesney, a little before the time when, through the death of a kinsman, Captain Chesney, H.N., succeeds to the em-Mom of Oakburn, and something more than LOOflO per milium. Commiserating the poverty of the new- Earl, Mrs. Wood says : — " Indeed there was scarcoly a poorer here on Great Britain's roll than the new Earl of Oakburn ; hut to him and to Jane this poverty was as very riches. Ilis not revenue would ho little, if nny, more than L3000 per annum." Mrs. Wood over-esti- mnlfto lltfl wnnltll nf mfinv mnmltnve nf Uio peerage, if she thinks the possession of L3000 a year an exceptional degree of poverty for. file ' poorer personages of that noble order. Anyhow, tlio pride whicli is a proverliinl characteristic of indigent rank was a feature of tliis lord with a modest rental. Even more indignant with the daughter who, against his will, litis married a country apothecary, than with the daughter who dared to become a governess, the Earl of Oakburn discards Laura from his olfactions, und omits her name from his last will nnd testament. Brighter fi.rtuims are nssio-ned toLndv .Tnno nnilLndvT.uev Chesncy, hut of their experiences we will say'', nothing, as tlieir loves and sorrows have no clrc connexion with file main' interest of file st'ory which depends entirely on the perpetration! consequences, nnd detection of Lewis Chiton's crimes. The weakest part of the trje ;s that wlticli relates to the villain's ul'jmntc ex posure, which is mainly brought -.out by the evidence of a remarkably keen- witted, daring, and self-dependent young -woman named Judith Eord, who nursed Clarice in lier dying illness, and saw Lewis Car'pon pour tlicioison into the draught sent frjm Mr. Stephen Grey's surgery. Strange to sa.y( tills clever, courageous young woman rcfraincj from telling the coroner that she saw the p'oilty surgeon tampering witli tlio composing 'jraught. She was warmly attached to_ Mr. Stephen Grey, whose prospects were most injr.ri0usly nfl'cctcd hy the prevalent suspicion thi'Jt tile prussic ncid was administered through lu j want of caution ; she had con- ceiveil r. strong womanly affection for the murderer's victim ; she lind' no leaning whatever towaujs the poisoner whose infamous net she had witnessed; moreover, her reputation ns an honest, tr'uthful servant, stood high in South Wennock ; '.md yet, when 'the whole town was in the highest sfrita nf f>Ynlh>mnnf nltnnHhn mimlni nn/J wlirin ten words ; from Iter lips would have saved tho character of Mr. Grey, and eonrignsd the criminal to his appropriate doom, she v, a-.- silent. The rehson which she gives at :ii- <.!.<« of the hook for her silence is laughably Insufficient. "An ini|iulse," she says, "came . ky. -r <!.. to step out before the coroner nnd de clare ui' I hnd seen and heard, hut somehow I did not ti:.! .-. I feared ho might turn round and set i:. - :k defiance by denying it, or even accuse me iu iii-i .Htead, and wliieli of us would have been lis-. Hoied to- -an established' gentleman, sucli as lie ; oi mt, an obscure servant?" The cowardice nnd folly finis attributed to Judith Ford are directly at variance witli lier character. Enough hns been said to show that " Lord Oakbum's Daughters" is neither a natural nor a wholesome hook; but it is superior to most novels that, making no attempt to create charac ter, tiim only.nt arresting the reader's attention hy mysterious crimes and unpleasant positions. In mere stylo, " Lord Oakbum's Daughters" is n decided advance on the author's previous books. It lias comparatively few slip of grammar, hut in places the eye falls on words that are not correctly used. For instance, when Lady Jane Chesney says to Lord Oakhum, "You are quite sure, pnpn, that you have ovcrgot your objection to our taking a resident governess," she attibutcs a wrong meaning to nil objectionable word. Inlike manner Mrs. Wood is under the impression that " mindful " and " remindful " are synonymous, when she says " Then, remindful of wlmt the medical men had said about its being kept from his wife . . lie dismissed tlio child." Again, is Mi's. Wood guilty of verbal inaccuracy, or docs she merely display insufficient knowledge of her own sex, when she remarks thnt "it is tlic spccinlito of mnn to tie fickle ?" What can ho tlio force of " hindering " in the fallowing sentence : " ' And whatlmveyou got to say for yourself, young gentleman, hindering so much time down here ?' inquired Sir Stephen, as they drove back ?" Occasionally Mrs; Wood blunders when" she is bent on making nn effect : "They were within a mile and a half 01 Lichford, and Mr. Carlton was urging his horse madly along, like a second l'imiton, afraid of missing the train, when thera occurred a check." It may be fairly assumed that Mrs. Wood docs not wish to hint that Phroton came to grief because lie was anxious to catch a train.- -Aihenaum. It is a remnrkable fact that, although common sheep delight in verdant fields, religious flocks are uot anxious for green pastors. JIt is stated that the young King of Bavnria intends to pss several years iu tnedillerent States of Europe m the strictest incognito. Miss Bunnr.tt Coutts was the purchaser of the copy of Shnksnere, first edition, sold at Mr. Daniel's sale. For tills rare volume Miss Coutts gave file enormous sum of L71C 2s. Last week It. ft. H ungerford, Esq., of Bally- rizzard, shot a seal weighing nearly half a Ion. It took five men to get it into a car, aud from the monster about 12 gallons of oil were extracted. . Mu. Dikcjcs, who invented the patent ghost, is about to write the " Life, Times, and Scientific Labours of the Marquis of Worcester," nnd will reprint that curious book, " The Century of Inventions." A jeweller wishing to excuse himself of seeming inattention on the plea of ill-health, sent the following to a customer : — " The brooches would have been sent before but havo been unwell." On a certain railway the fallowing intelligible notice appears: — " Hereafter, when trains moving in an opposite direction are approaching each other on separate lines, conductors and engineers will be required to bring their respective traixs to tl dead halt before the point of meeting, and be very careful not to proceed till each train has passed the other." Ilis Hoynl Highness the Prince of Wales pro ceeded to tiie Licensed Victuallers' Asylum in the Old.Kent road, to preside at tho uncovering of a statue of his father, which the patrons of tlio in stitution have erected in grateful recollection of file fact that the Prince Consort laid the founda tion stones of the two wings of the institution at two different periods. 