PAYNEHAM". Monday, November 28. Present—All the members. Hours lor burning stubble within this district fixed. Clerk to obtain a set of weights and measures to carry out provisions of Act No. 13 of 1843. Receipts, £30 10s. The Migration oe [Squibbeis.—The extensive migrations which are undertaken by this species, either from a scarcity of food, or some inexplicable cause, have often excited not only wonder but ap prehension. They generally take place in autumn, but by no means with regularity. It appears that in the far north- west, multitudes congregate in different districts, forming scattered troops, which all bend their way in an easterly direction, collecting into larger bodies as they proceed. Neither moun tains nor rivers stop their progress—onward they go ; a devouring army, in fact, laying waste the cornfields of the farmer. As their numbers are thinned by the gun, others fill up their ranks j few, perhaps none, ' ever 'return westwardly; those that escape the carnage take up their abodes in the forests of their newly-explored countries. Scheffner, in his " History of Lapland," cites Olaus Petri as a witness of the following facts, in reference to the northern parts of the Continent of Europe, where these animals are found, as well as in several districts of America: •' They occasionally migrate to immense distances, so that |sometimes there is not one of them to be seen during a whole winter in places where there were millions in the preceding year. In their journeys from one part of the country to another, when it becomes necessary to pass a lake or river, they lay hold of a piece of pine or birch bark, which they draw to the edge of the water, and mounting upon it abandon themselves to the waves. They erect their tails to catch the wind; but if it blows too strong, or the waves rise high, [they are overturned. . This kind of wreck, which often consists of three or four thousand sail, generally enriches some Laplanders, who find the dead bodies on the shore." The Decay oe Conyebsation.—The ancient art of talking is falling fast into decay. It is an ascer tainable fact that, in proportion to the increased population, the aggregate bulk of conversation is lessening. ~ People, now-a-days, have something else to do but talk. Not only do they live in such a hurry that there is only leisure for just comparing ideas as to the weather, but they have each and all a gross quantity of reading to do, which puts talking out of the question. If persons remain at home, they read; if they journey by rail, they read; if they go to the seaside, they read. We have met misguided indi viduals out in the open fields with books in hand. Young folks have been seen stretched underneath trees, and upon the banks of rivers, poring over the open page; on the tops of mountains, in the desert, far within forests—everywhere men pull printed sheets from their pockets; and as the earliest, latest, highest occupation of life, they read. The fact is incontestably true, and modern men and women are reading themselves into a comparatively silent race. Reading is the greatest business of the present time; it has become a sort of lay piety, according to which the perusal of volumes reckons as good works; it is4 in a word, the superstition of the nineteenth century. Chambers's Journal. A Countey oe CiniBEES.—In South America everything climbs. The trees climb, and so become parasites, when elsewhere they are independent and self- supporting; and not only one special kind of tree, but all kinds, even to a certain palm (surely the last to be thought capable of parasite flexibility ?) which we call the Desmoncus, but the natives the Jacitara, and which is a great nuisance in the forests, because of the strong recurved spines at the tips of the leaves, that catch off the hats and tear the clothes of the unfortunate traveller not mindful of his steps. The monkeys climb ; there are no groundlings as in the baboons and ourang-outang of the Old "World, but all are arboreal, with long tails to help them at a pincb, flexible at the tips and sometimes naked and sensitive, like a fifth hand; the gallinaceous birds, answering to our cocks and hens and partridges and pheasants, climb more than they fly, and perch only on the highest parts of the trees ; a creature allied to the bear family, a genus of " Plantigrade Carnivora," has a swinging length of flexible tail, like the monkeys, and climbs as well as any of them; and the very ground beetles of other countries have here changed their natures, and live exclusively " up a tree," like the rest. In fact, the law seems to be that everything shall climb, whatever its nature or habit. —Dickens's All the Year Round. The Howling Dog.—In the office assigned to the dog of the Aryans, as a messenger from the world of the dead, we see the origin of that very wide- spread superstition which recognises a death omen in the howling of a dog. An intelligent Londoner tells me he has often seen the omen given, and verified its fulfilment, The dog's mode of proceeding on such occasions, he says, is this:—"The animal tries to get under the doomed person's window j but if the house stands within an enclosure, and it cannot get in, it runs round the premises very uneasily, or paces up and down like a sentry. If the dog suc ceeds in making an entry, it stops underneath the window, howls horribly, finishes with three tremen dous barks, and hurries away." The same supersti tion prevails in France and in Germany. . In the latter country, a dog howling before a house portends either a death or a fire. If it howls along the high way, that is held in "Westphalia to be a sure token that a funeral will soon pass that way. In the Ger man, as in the Aryan mythology, the dog is an em bodiment of the wind, and also an attendant on the dead. It appears in both characters in Odin's wild hunt. Dogs see ghosts, and when Hel, the goddess of death, eoes about, invisible to human eves, she is seen by the doss. -Kelly's Indo-European Tradition mi Jfyllt Zore, 