WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY VI, 1861. I lu tho Legislative Council yesterday, The Trading Company's Bill waa passed through committee. The Customs Duties (Removal of Doubts) Bill, and the Laws Consolidation Bills, were brought up from the Assembly and road a first time. Tho Council then adjourned till to day. In tho Legislativo Assembly yesterday, In answer to Mr. Casey, Mr. HiaiNBOTHAJi stated that the written judgements of the Supreme Court were those alono which the Court considered binding, or of any authority. He proposed to print those decisions, as regarded the colonial statutes, in the form of foot notes to the acts. Messrs. Wyatt and Webb'o repoits would preserve the judgements of the Court for the future; and ho thought it would ho useless to attempt to collect and reprint from the nowspapers the unwritte n decisions of tho Court, In answer to Mr. Edwards, who said that a set of stand ard weights and measures had been distrained upon and sold for, rent of the inppector's office, Mr. FBANOIS said each set of standard weights had cost £124 4s. 9d. It was the duty of the inspectors to provide for the safe cus- tody of the weights. A portion of tho weights at Kyneton had been cold, and proceedings respecting them were still pending. Mr. TUCKER said the weights referred to had been sold at his instance, for arreara of rent. In answer to Mr. Anderson, Mr, FBANOIS Baid it was Intended to bring in a bill to amend tho Weights and Measures Act. In answer to Mr. Anderson, who said ho had found that £C0,C0D of the sum available for Immigration in 1863 remained unappro- priated, while the contributions for "assisted immigrants" would swoll that amount to ,6100,0, Mr. FRANCIS said tho appointments con- templated In the Immigration Bill had not been made, and wero not intended to be made, for the reason that the sum dorivablo from tho land for immigration purpc3csup to August last-when it wa3 necessary to come to a decition-was only ¿57O.C30, an amount which did not justify tho carrying out of the Bchemo provided in the bill It had also, at a later date, been thought, unwice to forestall the revenue devoted to Immigration purposes. The machinery at present in work wai suffi- cient to expend the fund. The £09,000 al- luded to would not lapse, hut would bo ox* pended. Dr. MACKAY gavo notice of a bill, for tho purpose of creating an additional Beat in the Legislative Assembly for North Gipps Land. The Attorney-General's Laws Consolidating Bills (with the exception of the Roal Pioporty, the instruments and Securities, and the Trusts and TruBtets Bills) wero read a third time and passed. Mr, HEALES then loso to move tho second reading of his bill to amend the Land Act ol 1802\. Tho hill did not propose to changa the tcnuicoftho pastoral tenures, nor to meei tho ohjecti'.ns of those who thought the samittcrs raid too little foi their loi-da If the bill passed, the income from the lands would be £100,000 more than if the old system of assessment had been in force, because there were no facts to hear ont the argument that the number of as^eesable stock would have increased. Tables he held in his hand showed that from tho foundation of tho colony, as the assessment on stock increased the number of stock de ci eased. He considered tho Parliament bound to the nine years' leases to the pastoial tenants. He divided tho:e tenants into two classes-thone who wero in possession when the Duffy Act passed, and those who entered on the lands under the provisions of that net. Tho latter demanded largo con- sideration at their hands. He admitted the force of tho 128th clause of tho exist- ing act, but it would not justify tho House in reducing the tenure. The object of the bill was to keep faith with tho3e who asked for a fii.cd tenure for the pasto- ral tenants, and those who had fought so nobly for the free selection clauses, and who had special interest, therefore, in the ton mil- lion acres. He warned the House agilst thoee whose cole object was to defeat any measure on the land question. The lion, mem- ber then entered in detail into his calcula- tions of revenue under the bill, and of the syBtcm of selection of land for sale which he proposed io follow. The system hitherto pursued was a wrong one. Certain runs bad been annihilated, and others had been saved. He proposed to sell special lands in conn xion with tho blue, but not of the bluo to the extent of 26.CC3 acres, and in the whitallO.OOO acres by public auction. 200,020 aerea in the blue would to selected under "Gammins's clause;" 9,C30 actesundor the 47th clause; 192.CC0 acro3 would he sold as grazing farms, and 670,000 acres leased in connexion with them. The total result would b3, that in 18CÍ there would be 392.CCD acrc3 nlienaLd in tho blue, and 891.E33 in the white. In thiB arrangement ho had endeavoured to do justice both to tkeco who held land in the blue and those who did BO in the whita. The bill contained Jive new principles. There was, flrat, the selection in the blue ; next, the leasing of the surface of auriferous land where the leads wore deep (which ha thought would produce agricultural settlement amongst the minen) ; third, the right civento occupation licensees on auriferous land to complete~their purchases in cer- tain caces, or their removal, with com- pensation, where the lands c;3upiod wore required for mining purposes; fourth, there were the grazing farms; and, fifth, tho appropriation of one-half of the amount of tho land salea for grazing farms either to the extinction of loans already incurred, or of the money proposed to b3 raised for the pur rioee of water supplies to the gold-fields. Ho did not defend the division of the lands into " bluo" and " white," but it was necessary to prescrvethe distinction,for the sake of juetic: to existing interests. Tho hon. member then described the systom and conditions under which ho propoxd that lands in the blue might be selected. The reduction of the maximum area from 620 to 32C acres was adopted only as a check agaiusl thoso «ho desired to ovade the provisions ol the bill. That the land should be fenced and improved, he desired for tho same object while residence before the right of purchasi acciucd was no hardship to the bona fid settlor. The cardinal point of the measun was, that the Qovomment of the day must bl satisfied that the required improvements hat been made before the right of purchase wai obtained, and that viow of the case he pro cceded to support at considerable length After pointing out the distinction betwoer the occupation licencj 6yettm a3 explainet by Mr. Brooke, and es undeistood by himself and arguing that the bill embodied view: more just, and at the same time more liberal than thoso enunciated by the hon. mombe for Geelong West, the hon. member showe; that at the end of tho three years the settlei of a fixed entent of land would havopald, o have to pay, JE620 under the Land Act of 1805 £9CDnndor the occupation licence system, ant £f52 under the amending bill. He defondci the reduction of the area from CiO to 32C purchascable by a settler at the end of thre yeais. The average size of farms in Englani was only a little over 1C0 acres, and in Bool land-where farming was far advanced- onl; seventy-four acres. Experience showod tha the conditions applied to the leases would b willingly entered into. His reason for re ducing the amount of agricultural lam to be opened for selection at one tim from two millions to one million was t reduce the chances of violation of the Lan Act. The Government had failed to d( vise means to prevent evasions of the act, an therefore the agricultural areas still romaine closed. It was intonded that, after twelv months, the grazing-farm system Bhoul be extended to the agricultural area It was ltgal already that that syatei might bo applied within the whlta lim and if the amending bill did not pas that power might be exercised. Eve if tho squatters did purchase some i those grazing farms, tho loss would not I great, because it was proved that, as soon i land became private property, its grazlr coracities were increased from fifty to 31 percent. (Mr. Levey.-"False returns!") tho greatest increaso taking place on ti smallest iuns. This grazing-furm systai therefore, coupled with public auctio would bo productive of many advautagi Ho calculated that in the fifth year this S3 stem (without the introduction artificial grasses) tho increase in tho vail of tho wool for expoit would be equal £220,00á per annum. The incaased ro: vi ould in the fifth year bs £S10,030, from whii the deductions for lauds alienated wou amount to £96,0C0. Tho lands then wou produce Eomething like their real value. Ti farmers were just as poor as the squatte were rich. The objects of the bill was toi troduco a very useful middle class of yeome Facilities for settlement would bring mai back from New Zealand. The bon. merni concluded by moving the second reading tho bill. Mr. DUFFY said the bill was not an amen ing bill, but substantially a new mcosu He had carefully examined the bill, wltl desire to support it, but ho could not cc scientiously do so, unless it wero extensiv« altered. The first proposition was to subs tuto loaslng, pure and simple, for tho systt of deferred payments-a sweeping change r justified by the experience of the oa pation licence system. The objections the former system equally applied the latter. The land measure must Bull so long as the leasing Bystom lasted, deficiency to be made up by selling I choicest lands, which would soon ba i haustcd. The immediate effect of the bil during tho present yoar-would be a large ficitney of revenue If his choice were limit he would prefer the bill to the auction systc but he thought the middle course, as in bill of last year, was prcfeiable. After toa ing on tho question of the penalties uuder Nicholson Land Act, he asked why the dei rations and other impediments in tho waj evasion contained in tho act of 1862 w Btiuek out of tho hill? The ballot t tho appeal to the jury were also struck c There vas a hole in Iho measure throi which tho evader of the law could i as Eccurcly as membors could pass out the door of the House. For two yoara the settler need not go on his land, and the speculator might safely calculate on the changes of Government and the law in that time ; while ho risked lc3S than iu any pre- vious measure. As to the grazing-farms, that idea was due to Mr. Morton, whose proposition was better than that of the bill. Ths maximum area was too small by at least one-half. The system Bhould be applied to the whola terri- tory at once, and no pastoral tenant should he allowed to hold such a farm. If that wore not done, the bill would simply give every pastoral tenant four now pre-emptive rights, while he would be required to pay only seven and a half per cent, for the remainder of the land, though at present he borrowed money to buy land ot from ton to twolvo por cent. He would vote for the bill if pas- toral tenants were prohibited from acquiring grazing forme. He was surprised at the atti- tude tho bon. member (Mr. Healc:) took, as to the rents tobe paid by the pastoral tenant3. He trustsd that the bill would b3 amended so as to be acceptable, becauso he believed there was a numerous party in and out of the House who desired to Eee no new land bill made law. The bill would bo a lesson, ho trusted, to many hon. membars who sat behind the Government, seeing it wai much less liberal than the bill of 16G2, which was objected to ci not litoral enough, He asked the law-officers what new foroo they intended to apply to carry the bill through the other House, He could not forget that the hon. momber who took charge of the bill of last year in the other House, almost invited the Council to throw out tho measure. Mr. HIQIHBOTHAM thought the question deserved an answer at once. Ho had no hesitation in saying that the Govern- ment did not think the House would be uselessly employed in considering the provisions of the present hill. He believed the hon. gentleman referred to hal done his best to carry the bill of last session in the other place, That hon. gentleman fully con- curred with all the provisions of the present measure-as, in fact, did all the members of the Government, though they had not endea- voured to obtain pledges of support in either House. It was prematuro to ask what tho Government would do if the bill were re- jected elsewhere. In that event, it would bo for the Government to resign, or to appeal to the country. They had endeavoured, however, to do justice to a11 classes, and, therefore, they believed they would ho able to carry their meaiuro by the force of public opinion. The hon. member then replied to the criticisms of Mr. Duffy, whom he reminded that neither Houso would have the occupation licences. The country needed immediate legislation on the land question, ond the Ministry, therefore, wero justified in bringing in a measure which did not ombrace the objectionable features of previous bill?. How else were tho agricultural areas to be opened? The bill nBsumed that the Government must have full power to deal with the lands, and as he bolieved that power to be essential -though some membors might object to that view-ho fctated frankly that this was ono ol theobjecta oí the measure. Residence wa3 no1 a condition of a settler's lease, bub if ho did not reside on his land, he lost the right te purchase the land at lees than its real value It would not pay any grazier to tako ut moro than one lease, because he rausl fence the land in the first year. That was the beBt security againBt abuse that could be taken. He had heard with surprise the opi- nion of the bon. member for Villiora and Heytesbury, that squatters should not hi permitted to take up grozlng farms. It wai the unfortunate result of the long- protractoe debates on this subject, that such an opinion 'could be onttrtained by earne3t and thought ful men, such as the bon. member. The prin ciple was iudtfensible and impractloablo. H< belioved. at the same time, that thosi whom iho squatters had permitted to re present thom in the Houso had invariable permitted motives of personal or class aei vantage to animate them in the discharge o their public duties. The squatting difficult) had always been the substantive difficulty!! the land question, and it had been reoreatet by the act of 1802, which created a tenure til the end of 1870, which no lawyer coult describ?. Ho did not say that if the squat tera' representatives defoaüd this bill.Parlia ment might not be compelled topas3an act ti sweep away the act of 1802 from the statute book. The motion was then agreed to and the bil commi I ted pro forma. Mr. HEALKS moved the second reading o the Australian Mutual Provident Society' Bill, tho object of which was to allow the com pany to BUO and be sued. Mr. O'SHANASSY suggested that it would b well if reciprocity between tho colonies, as re garded th« power e<äked by this bill, could bl established. The motion was agreed to, and the remain ing buEiness having been disposed of, th Houso adjourned. The apology whick Mr. HEALES Las offered for his new Land Bill, turns out to be precisely such, a one as we had an- ticipated. The favour of Parliament is entreated on behalf of the measure, not because it is the best which Mr. HEALES can give us, not because it is based upon abstract principles of right and justice, but because it is as near the Act of 18G2 as the Upper House will allow. Mr. HEALES steadily refuses to go beyond the broad principles of Mr. DUFFY'S act. According to his notion, the existing act includes the essence of what every land bill ought to be. He will not insult tho genius of his predecessor so far as to go beyond a mere amending act. He will not undertake a fresh point of depar- ture, but clings to the framework of the present act as the sum and crown of all agrarian legislation. He begins by informing the House that it has no other duty than to "maintain the Land Act of 1862;" that it is not called upon to do any- thing more than to perfect that schomo of compromise which the Duffy Act was intended to contain. He will not look beyond the four corners of the act, ex- cept in the direction which the act itself may point out. And for the first time, that which no Minister has yet boen bold enough to confess was openly avowed by Mr. HEALES last night. Ho tells us plainly that he does not ask our support for the bill because of its in- trinsic merits, but because it is a " com " promise" And he goes beyond any of his predecessors in delivering him- self of the extraordinary plea in favour of the bill, that its object is to " deal fairly," not only by the two parties supposed by every Go- vernment to be solely interested, but by " two classes of politicians." The squatters, we are naively told, have to be propitiated, as well as " the indi " viduals who fought so nobly for tho " free selection clauses." We shall be curious to know -what the latter class of " individuals" think in their hearts of the Minister who coolly avows that he has given the squatters their seven years' leases, in order that he might bo able to work his free- will over the agricultural areas. For our- selves, not claiming to be of either class of " individuals " for ~ who3o joint and exclusivo benefit the bill is dovised, we can only viow it in tho common-place light of a mea- sure intended to promote the settlement of the country. "We must repudiate, on the threshold, any sort of bargain or compact by which the people are bound to take the Land Act of 1862 as their only point of departure towards fresh legislation. If ive have criticized Mr. HEALES'S amending act on the principles laid down by his two immediate prede- cessors, it is only Mr. HE ALES himself who could possibly fall into the error of supposing that we approve of those principles. We have a light to com- pare Mr. HEALES'S performances with his professions. Wo aro justified, even though we may not hold with the so-called liberal principles ourselves, in proving that that which Mr. HEALES offers is less liberal than what either of his two predecessors offered-that in pretending to do moro for tho settlor of small means, he has done less ; that while the bill does not favour the poor man, it will certainly not benefit the rich ; and that the only result of abiding by the principles of the Act of 18G2, is to project into a still remoter distance, the prospect of a final settlement of tho land question in Victoria, Mr. HEALEs'slaboureddcfenceofhisbill will not remove any of the leading objec- tions which have been made to his scheme, We are not, of course, in the secret of his difficulties, and we cannot pretend to teE how much trouble he has had to meet from the " two classes of " politicians " to please whom the bill is devised. The five new "principles" claimed to reside in the biU may con- veniently bo resolved into two-the institution of a general system of lease- hold throughout the agricultural areas, and the attempt to form a class of small graziers within the squatting districts. As to the former principle, the best defence which Mr. HEALES has to offer for it is, that it is intended to " per " petuato the privileges given in the " act to small agriculturists." The notorious failure of the small agricul- turists to take advantage of the act, Mr. HEALES insists upon ascribing to the machinations of the speculator and the large capitalist. Ho continues to see, and to be deluded by, the same mirage which proved so sore a stum- bling-block to his predecessor. Tho homes for the people not having come through deferred payments, through lot, and through penal clauses, he believes that they T\ill come through a general system of leaseholds. He will havo no freeholders, lest in their guise should come capitalists. He liiw cut down the maximum size of tho farms from 640 to 320 acres, because the smaller allotments " placed an additional check " upon those who wished to take up a " large quantity of land," in violation of the intent and purpose of the act. The source from which Mr. HEALES derives his faith in his leaseholds and grazing farms is of the slenderest. There is not a word said in excuse of the gross breach of the laws of political economy in positively debarring every man from becoming a freeholder at once, if ho pleases j nor has Mr. HEALES anything to urge on behalf of his scheme, as viewed from the side of the intending British emigrant. He bases his hopes of the success of the leasing system solely upon the results of the proclama- tion licences, and upon the working of Clause 47 of the present act. Yet every one will perceive what Mr. DOTTY has pointed out, how delusive are any expectations so founded. The pro- clamation licensees, in the first place, took caro to pick out lands of special value, so that it was worth their while to pay up their rents promptly, and to fulfil all the conditions precedent to the fee-simple, In the next place, the great majority of the licensees were certainly not of the class whose special interest i. sought to be served in this bill. They were land speculators, mining jobbers local contractors, members of Parlia- ment, and people of that sort-no1 professed agriculturists, to whom tht upset prico of land was an impedi- ment to settlement. As to the in dustrial leases under clause 47 o! the piesent act, their popularity car be no argument in favour of Mr HEALES'S proposed system. The per sons who have availed themselves of tin privilege of these novel industries an not, it must be borne in mind, require, to reside on their allotments. The} also are almost entirely of a class highei than that for which the agricultura leases aro designed. As to the grazing faims, it is needless, perhaps, to ade any further arguments to those whicl we have ah cady adduced, to show tha they are doomed to be a failure. The whole scheme stands in so mud jeopardy that it would be, perhaps, ¡ waste of words to criticize Mr. HEALES'I defence of it minutely. It is easy to de tect the shadow which already overhang the bill, and which threatens to consigi it to the same place where so many lan» bills have gone before. And Mi HEALES'S plaintive appeal loses half it interest amidst the very general sus picion that prevails, that the bantHn.i was never intended to live-that its pre duction is but a political necessity, whici ends in its decease. Mr. HEALES com plains that only those make objection who don't want legislation at all ; bu this must bo regarded as the last effoi of his very laudable attempt to assum a decent expression of grief ovc a predestined and ordered affliction. 1 cannot be ourselves, at least, who war to let things remain as they are, for w have never ceased to urge the necessit of an entire reform in our land systen It is Mr, HEALES only who persists i sticking to the principles of the Dufl Act, and who, therefore, does not wai legislation in any new direction. One of tho most striking features in the House last night was the consump- tion of iced-water. Scarcely less con- spicuous than the figure of Mr. DON, like PAIUDEL in the " Dunciad," " Stretched on the rack of a too oosy chair, stood the water-bottle ; and the frpquent appeals to it from all sections must have conciliated the apostolic sympathies of Mr. HEALES. The reason of its popu- larity in that .particular debate might be woith. investigation, had we time for" metaphysics, but we mu3fc content ourselves with the reflection that the appetite of legislators might have been either dependent on tho volcanic condition of the atmosphere . or else, as Mr. "WELLER suggested of his friend Mr. STIGGINS, " p'raps " they felt rayther thirsty with the " melancholy spectacle afore 'em." How- ever it was, whatever explanation phi- losophy may have to offer, if it is to the decanter we owe the extraordinary coolness and spiritlessness which charac- terised the controversy on the Land Bill of 186d, then the cause of temperance and hydropathy in its various other foi ins has a claim on tho gratitude of the country. We aro not surprised that Mr. DUFFY, like HAMLET'S ghost, more in sorrow than in anger, should have called attention to the spirit of peace and concord which influenced his criticism of his opponent's scheme, or that the House itself was confounded at its own forbearing demeanour. Where was tho pugnacity of Mr. O'SHANASSY, andwhere the chivalry of Mr. BROOKE, on behalf of his own 1 Had the water-bottle been too much for the nervous suscepti- bilities of Mr. ASPINALL . And what had becoino of that Rupert of debate, the impiger, iratus, iracundas mem- ber for Warrnambool? Perhaps they reserved their fire for another oppor tUDity ; perhaps, for special reasons, the controversy was left to be done " in "another" and a-warmer place. lu sober earnest, we congratulate the As- sembly on the improved feeling which has as yet characterized the session, and we accept their forbearance last night as an omen that they intend to adopt the very unparliamentary practice of saying nothing when they have nothing worth to say. Next to tho kindly tone of the debato, the exhibition of simplicity on the part of the two last speakers was, as Mr. PEPYS would say, " most pretty to see," The naïveté with which Mr. DUTFY asked the Government to tell "what " probability there was of the measure "becoming law," and "what new " force they proposed to employ (on the " Upper House) to insure the measure " becoming law," was scarcely less ad- mirable than the candour with which Mr. HIGINBOTHAM, on behalf of the Go- vernment, answered him. The question itself really involved the exposure of the whole Cabinet management, and the interrogator had as much right to push it as he had to make inquiries into the line of domestic strategy by which Mr. SMITH proposed to enforce his measures on Mrs. SMITH. But, delicate as was the sub- ject, it is due to Mr. HIGINBOTHAM to say that ho made no affectation about treating it. Through the kindness of the Attorney-General, the country is now certified that there have been " no meet " inga or invited conferences with legis " lators of the ' other place," that as the "other House set its face " against the conditional sale system " last session, it was the duty of " the Government to discover some " plan for getting rid of the difficulty," " and that ho was in a position to say " that the gentleman to whom the hon. " member for Villiers referred (Mr. HEK " VEY), heartily concurred in every pro " vision of the bill." Such wasMr. HIGIN BOTHAM'S reply to Mr. DUFFY'S ques- tion, and with every acknowledgement to his bonhommie and courtesy, we can- not help regretting it. The curiosity of Mr. DUFFY was in bad taste, to say the least, and the willingness of his respon- dent to satisfy it was unconstitutional and unparliamentary. îïbreferenceshould have been made to the political idio syncracies of the Council, and the treat- ment of the bill in the Lower House should not have been influenced by any intimations of its prospects else- where. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM clearly com- mitted a mistake in tactics, though his object to remove the suspense of Parlia- ment which had been created outside as to the fate of the measure, was laudable enough. The country would have it3 laws discussed on their own merits, and it has no desire to see the Upper House either intimidated or conciliated. A popular Law, that is, a law that consults the popular interests, is pretty sure to surmount obstacles, and can afford to defy obstructives. But this was not the only instance in the course of the debato last night in which the geniality of Mr. HIGINBOTHAM tripped him. Honesty is the best policy, but the honest man is not always the best politician. WALPOLE, who should be a good judge, maintained that a statesman needed "a touch of devilry" in his constitution. He must havo the faculty of " not always saying what he thinks, " and not always thinking what he says." A mischievously scrupulous susceptibility, that will descend to no compromise, has vitiated more than one public and private life. It made ADDISON in history an impracticable colleague in a Cabinet, and in fiction it was continually marring Mr. PICKWICK'S private peace, without any equivalent. It was a matter for compassionate reflection to witness the dilemma in which Mr. HIOINBOTHAM got entangled last night, by this mis- chievous habit of vindicating his con- science. For instance, if Mr. HEALES takes credit for one provision moro than for another in his bill, It is that whick creates the class of grazing farmers, whom he would preserve from the omnivorous maw of the squatters. Yet for no reason that we can see, Mr. HEALES'S colleague grows nervous under the situation, and declares that " the " squatter has a right to purchase the " proposed farms ; that it was absurd to " say that thosquatter should be excluded. " Why should he be excluded? He could " not seo why they .hould prevent " a squatter getting land ! " And all this in the teeth of his colleague's mea- sure-in the teeth of the Ministerial programme! We have not noticed it for the purpose of magnifying the dif- ferent and antagonistic materials of which a coalition Government may be built. We only make use of Mr. HIGIK BOTHAM'S language to illustrate a certain trait in his character which stands h the way of the politician, however mud it may exalt the man. Mr. HEALES, OI his part, has a right to exclaim, witl GASSTOS " A ft tend should bear» frlond's infirmitlos j But Brutus rankes mine greater. What Mr. HIGINBOTHAM'S real opinioi of the squatters is we cannot protend to, decide, though he has not been reserved. His speech, indeed, tells us toomuckrattier than too little. " He cannot help saying " that ho found that the course, adopted "by the squatters, or by the persons who « íepresented them, had been one devoid « of honour and principle." "He believed « that the squatters were as little to be " trusted then as at any former time." Then in the same breath, ho owns that " he did not wish to speak ill of them," " lie believed they were neither better " nor worse than other men," a confes- sion which leaves him either inconsistent or a misanthrope. If this is meant as au exercise in trimming, all wo can say is, HATJFAX might fairly have been ashamed of his pupil. Public interest in the land question seams io have exhausted itself, if the attendance in the gallery of tho Assembly to hear the de- bates may be talton as evidence. La3t night, ivben Mr. Heales ro:e to move the second leading of his bill to amend tho Land Act of 1802 the galleries wero very sparsely filled. Two or three members of the Upper Houso appeared in the rlaces reserved for members of the Counoil, and the front row of the upper gallery was not full. When Mr. Hea'.es re- sumed his address, after the hour for refresh- ment, there wero but five membors on the Opposition side, and barely a score on tbo "sunny side," (as Mr. Don calls it, including tho Ministers. The attendance, however, was considerably larger before the discassion came to a close. Tho motion for the second read- ing of the bill was agreed to without a divi- sion, after Mr. Healea, Mr, Duffy, and Mr. Jliginbotham had spoken. The bill wa committed pro forma, and will b with in committee this evening. The Chamber of Commerce met yeäterday at the Melbourne Exchange, to pass opinions upon the proposed imposition of wharfago rates by Government. The attendance was numerous, being almo3t wholly composed of merchants of standing and infiuonce, and the lesult of their deliberations was the expres- sion of a feeling of strong opp osition to the Go- vernment scheme. The first resolution, which was moved by Mr. J. Spowers, and seconded hy Mr. F. D. White, declared the inexpediency of levying wharfage rates for the purposes of the general revenue. The ccond, walch was proposed by Mr. S. P. Lord, and seconded by Iii. F. J. Bligh, set forth that, while the Chamber did not object to wharfage rates levied for the maintenance of wharfs, thoy regarded the rat« proposed by the Govern- ment as excessive, and calculated to injure commerce. The next resolution, proposed by Mr. J. Lorimer, and seconded by Mr. D. Wil thin, declared that it was inequitable to pro vide for permanent harbour improvements out of wharfage rabs, unless those improve- ments wero effected with borrowed money, tj b3 gradually repaid from that source. Finally, on the motion of Mr. Hammill, seconded by Mr. King, it was declared, that to reduce the proposed exports they should he charged on all tho exports of colonial produce, imported goods that had already paid these rates Ibeing exempt when rc3hipp;d. These resolutions, which were all unanimously car ried, comprised the principal mattera dealt with, and tho proceedings terminated with the adoption of a re:olution empowering tho Bub committee of the Chamber to petition the legislature on the subject. Mr. P. Turnbull, vice-president of the Chambor, officiated as .chairman. The first Criminal Sittings for the year 1804, although not involving so much heavy bubiness, or so large an attendance of wit ncEECs as usual has yet once moro shown the scandalous want of accommodation for those poitions of tbe public whoso duties compel them to be present in court or within its pre- cincts. Jurois in waiting, tho professional men whocc business calls them there, wit- nesses and tbo officers of justice in attend- ance, are all crammed into a Bpajo inadequate to the comfortable stowing away of one-third their number. While tho publio buildings and publio offices aro being enlargod and im- proved all around, it is a most unbecoming ueglect that the public, who pay for all, Bhould bo lett all uncared for in the matter of itconable accommodation while attending tho courts in tho discharge of their publio duty. At prêtent, only one court-houso is employed, and the evil is ordinarily doubly or trebly aggravated when two or more courts are Bitting. A match was played on Saturday last be- tween the Emerald-hill and Civil Service Clubs, on the ground of the latter. It resulted in a very easy vlctoiy for the local club, the, Ecores being eighty-one and thirty-nine nypcctivelj. Messrs. Miller, Cowper, and Ryan, with fourteen, twelve, and oleven, wero tho highest scoiers for the local club ; and Messrs. Iieland and Freeman, with four- teen and thirteen, were the highest scorers for the Civil Service eleven. A match was played, on the St. Kilda ground, be- tween the St. Kilda and Bichtnond Cricket Clubs. The St Kilda mado, in the first innings, 109 (of which Simmonds con- tributed sixty-three, not out, and Wray sixtce-n); and in the second innings, forty fhree, Fowler making ten. The Richmond men, in their first innings, made 256 ; tho double figures being-Hewitt, twenty-seven, Greaves, eighty-nine, Huddlestono, forty-two, Mortimer, thirty-seven, Bryant, fourteen, and Chandler, nineteen. The match between tho Eecond .'elevens also resulted ia a victory for Richmond, by sevonty runs. Tho principal scorers being, for the Richmond Cricket Club, Langlands with fifty, and Johnson, not out, with forty six; while for St. Kilda, Smith made fourteen, and Thompson, ton. The fifth annual demonstration of tho Bands of Hope, in connexion with the Vic- torian Band of Hope Union, takes place this day. Tho members will assemble at the Eastern-hill Reserve, at ten o'clock in the forenoon, and march in prc?3Ssion through several of the piincipal streets, and proceed to the Richmond Paddock, where refresh- ments will bo piovided. In the evening, a concert and fruit soi.-ie will bo held in St. George's Hall, commencing at half-post Eeven o'clock. The Revs. Geo. Mackie, J. 0. Sj mons, and Jocpk Date, will deliver short addresses. The concert will Lo given by tho ladic3 and gentlemen of St. John's choir, assiBted by Miss Liddell, Míos Budden, and Mr. Blanchord. Conductor, Mr, T. Green- wood, organist of St. John's ; Mr. Harcourt Leo presiding at the pianoforte. The pro- gramme promises an excellent evening's en ttrlainment. The competitivo designs for the proposed Town-hall at Emerald-hill aro on view at tho council chambers, Dorcas street. A sad occident occurrod at Fitzroy on last Monday afternoon, by which a boy of six J ears of age, named Samuel TomlinEon, lo3t his life by drowning in a quoTry-hole. After dinner the deceased lett his home as usual to go to school with his brother. As he was returning, ho met with somo more boys, and they all went to a quarry-hole for the purpose of ¡hunting frogs. As deceased was walking along the side of tho hole, ho trod on a piece of lcose dirt which gave way, and ho fell into the hole. An nlarm'was instantly given, and a man. named Guy came to tho spot, and hearing what was the matter, at once dived into the water, and at length succeeded in getting out the deceased. He was then quito dead. An lnquc3t was held on the body yes- terday by Dr. Youl, when the jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death,' The hon. membor for North Gipps Land (Dr. Mackay) apparently feels tho weight of the repu-ontat'on of the constituency of that district rs too much for one pair of shoulders. Ho gave nolle 3 of motion in tho Assembly yesterday for lcivo to bring in a bill to creato an additional teat for North Gipps L"nd. The Attorney-General's bills to consolidate the laws wero read a third time and passed in the Assembly last night, with the excep- tion of three-the Beal Propsrty, the Instru- ments and Securities, and the Trusts and Trustees Bills- which wero postponed. A special general meeting of the share- holders of tho M'lvor Caledonia Quartz mining Company wes hold yestorday afbr noon, at the company's offices, 80 Collins street west. The Hon. J, M'Orae, M.L.O., was voted to the chair. A report of the directors was reid, giving a sketch of the ope rationsof the company during the two mouths eLding January the COth of the present year. Tho directors regretted that their anticipa- tions of a profitable return had not yet been realized. Eut little pro2rc:s had been made in developing tho reef to which their opcrationa had lately teen dircctsd ; tho Btone, however, promised well, and it was hor:d that the one or two cruBhings that would take placo during the following month would return a yield which would pay off, or largely reduce, the company's liabili- ties. By the flnanco report, it appsared that thcee liabilities at present amounhd to £262 133\. 3d. In reference to theso reports, the chairman said ho was sorry he was unable to congi atulato the shareholders uron the working of the mine. It was now seven months slnco any pi out had been lealized from it, and during that time they had not only received no profits, but had accumulated H3arly £270 of liabilities. The reports were then adopted ; affar which Mtssra. W. Ross, G. H. Elliott, and W. Law wero proporcd by Mr. Bruce as directors, In the room of Mcjsrs. Sichel, Sawell, and Hay, resigned. Mr. Pinniger seconded the nomi- nations, which wero then confirmed. In an- swer to a shareholder, the chairman said he, as one of the director.: and creditors of the company, had no intention of pressing the judgements lately obtained against the shareholders. All he wanted was, to coe the works progress in a proper manner, and he was aware that the undertaking would soon work off its liabilitiei. Somo dfceussion ensued upon stat:ments made by Mr. Bruce upon the management of Mr. Manduifc, who wc3 in charge of the works, and who had lately teen gazetted as the manager of an- other company, still continuing in the pay of (ho present one. Ultimately a motion, made by Mr. De Pas?, and seconded by Mr. Perry, was carried, to the effect that the dis- missal or continuance of Mr. Manduit ia hit present situation should be referred to the directors to consider. With a vob of thanks to the chairman, the mcaiiug then termi- nated. Yesterday morning, about nine o'clock, the body of a lad was picked up floating close to the ship Pride of the Ocean, lying along- side the Railway Pier, at Sandridge. The body was identified as that of William Edwin Wethered, sixteen years of age, a midshipman belonging to the Pride of the Ocean. It ap- pears that he had been in town at the theatre along with some of his messmates, one even- ing about the end of last week, and on their return to the ship, deceased, who had taken some drink, was put into his berth by his mates, but in the morning he was not to be found. It is surmised that he had felt sick and gone to the ship's side to vomit, and so fallen overboard. The body was removed to an empty tene- ment, near the Freemasons' Hotel, there being no morgue in Sandridge at present, to await the coroner's inquest, which will be held at the hotel this day, at noon. Another caso of drowning is reported as having oc- curred on Saturday evening, near the old pier. The missing man, in this instance, a sailor, named David Howard, belonging to the barque Matador. A boat's crew from the vessel had been on shore, and on putting off from the old pier, about half past ten at night, Howard jumped out of the boat, with the intention of swimming back to the pier, it is supposed, to get some more liquor. An active search is being maintained for the body, but hitherto without success. The adjourned meeting of shipowners ar others interested in the formation of the Shi owners' Insurance Association is to be he to-day, at Scott's Hot?l, at three p.m. It portant business will bo brought forward. At the St. Kilda Police Court yesterda Robert Henry, landlord of tho Village Bul Hotel, was fined 103. for selling liquor with the prohibited hours on Sunday. The f Kilda and Brighton Bailway Company, EUI raoned for non payment of ratc3 due to t borough council, failed to put in an appe: ance, nnd judgement wa3 awarded in favo of the plaintiffs, with 6s. costs, pending pre of proper service of summons. The n gistrates present were Messrs. Bunny, M. Pi tcrson, MaEon, M'Donald, and Cowderoy. There were Eoventy-fivo candidatos in t recent volunteer examination in field- exerc -parts three and four-and the result v that the following six names stood at t head of the list in the order montioncd Black, Prahran and South Yarra Rifles, : marks; Stoclr, CollingwoodRifle3,105 marl Trytball, East Collingwood Eifks, and Sit herd, Emerald-hill Artillory, 100 marks oat TJther, Collingwood Rifle-, 99 marks; n Templeton, Collingwood Rifles, 98 marks. At the Sandrldgo Police Court yesterd James Hiller, a sailor, was charged with suiting hini6olf without leave from his si the Anne Melhuish, and sentenced to foutt days' hard labour on the hulks. Dr. PI« mer end Mesare. Swallow and Barker were magistrates present. A deputation from Hawthorn, Kew, t Boroondara, was intrcduccd yestsrday, to bon. Commissioner of Railways and Roi by Mr. O Grady, M.L.A., tholr object being induce the department; to proclaim the Ri mond and Hawthorn road a common I road, within the meaning of the now Mun polities Law. It was stitt J tho toll was no3 the hands of the Richmond Council, fr whom it wes difficult, if not imponible, procuro a division among (JJOJO entitled share in the proceeds, so that the only reta for the ouhido bodies was to procure the pointaient of a common toll manager an division at the hands of Government. Grant, In conclusion, promised that tho quired proclomatlon should be made. At the East Collingwood Police Court ; tcrday, James Thompson, accused of obti ing goeds under falce pretencc3, was senl gaol for forty-eight hours, with hard labi Juno Reed, for assaulting Marianne Gi nor, was ordered to find a Burety for £2i keep tho pence towards complainant for month. Eliza Reed, summoned by the tpector of nuisances for allowing cow wander through tho streets, wes fined Is., Cs. coats ; and Matthew Evans, for obstrucl the thoroughfare was fined Is,, and 2s, costs. In the suit Thomas Greenwood Fred¡Tkkr Hardy-uri application for a i rant of ejectment-the warrant was ordt to be issued as applied for, to givo possess within seven dayp. Tho i_3t of the ci-3.3 wcro actions for tho rccov.ry of small sums owing. Mr. W. Templeton, P.M., the hon. J. P. Fawkner, and Mr. Gr. Harker wera the magistrate-] on the bsneh. We are requested to call the attention of jurors summoned to attend itt the Criminal Court-, on Thursday, tho 18th, to the circum-, stance that they will not ho required, cn the sittings will hi concluded this afternoon. We have rec3.vcd papau from Otago to Fcbiuaiy 9, Invercargill to February 10, Wel- lington to February 3, and Lyttslton b January CO. The committee of the Head-quarto« Band beg to acknowledge donations of five guineas each from Mo3.rs. J_mc3 Henty and Co, Mr. Kyt?, V-.L.A. ; Mr. Cohen, M.L.A. ; and Mr. L. Throckmoiton; besides smaller sunn from many other gentlemen. The Prahran and South Yarra Hlllca will parade on their own ground, with the Rich- mond Company, fa-morrow morning at half pabt five o'clock, for battalion drill. A general meeting of the company will bo held at tho ordctly-room tho same evening, at eight o'clock, for the purpo:3 of nominating the subaltern and non-conirmo.ioiic'i ofliceis. A meeting of the Collingwood Itiilc3 will bo held in tho drill rom this evening, at eight o'clock, to tlcct Bub_ltDin officrs; and tho Metropolitan Coip; of tho R. V. Aitillery, in accordance with ht ¡gado order, will parado in the Richmond Paddock to morrow morning, nt half-jest five. The Invercargill Times of February 10, saya : '-"Yesterday the transmission of messages by telegraph between Invercargill and the Bluff w£3 commenced, and in the course of the day the rapid means of communication were made available by a number of com- municants at either end. It will b3 ECOD, by reference to another column, that we have received our first report from our Bluff cor- respondent by telegraph, containing the latest Bluff shipping, and news from Mel- bourne to the 29th ult. This message, al- though of a very lengthy character, waB promptly convoyed hy the department, after eight o'clock last night. We received the following official communication before ton o'clock yesterday morning:-'I havo the honour to inform you that telegraphic com- munication was established between Inver- cargill and the Bluff at thirty- seven minutes past nine a.m. this day. The line is now 01 en for tho uce of the public. A. M. WEL- DON, Director of Telegraphs. Bluff, February 9.18G-:.'" Our Geelong correspondent write3, at oight o'clock last night, saying intelligence has just reached town that the ure at Mr. Cum- min's fui ni at the Duck Ponds broko out afresh yesterday afternoon, and consumed the whole of his buildings and stables, leaving him and bis family without a roof of any kind to shelter themselves, on tho plain on which the homestead stood. Nothing but a few articles of furniture were saved. This pro- perty was insured, but to what extent our coirespondent did not leam. The net amount realicci by tho bazaar in old of the funds of the "House of the Good Shepherd" will reach the handsomo sum of £1,4.3, being, it ia b.ltoved, with one or two exceptions, tho largest amount produced by a bazaar in Melbourne. The charity to which it is devoted is ono which needs no advocacy. Already thirteen penitent3 of different religions denominations have been received, and, it is hoped, rescued from a depraved life. At the Geelong Polico Court yesterday, Patrick Botar Collins, t.acher of the Ashby National ¡Schcol, No. 2, was examined on a charge of fraudulent insolvency, at the in- stance of the official assignee, and wa. remanded till Monday next, being allowed bail in two sureties of £103 each. The charge against him is, that lie did, under the 78rd clause of the _n_o_v«;nt Act, embezzle or conceal the sum of £93 12a. Cd. which he re- ceived from the Board of Education subse- quent to his incolvency. Mr. Verdon gave notice last night, in the Legislative Assembly, that on Thursday night he would ask the House to assent to the remaining votes on the Estimates. Theso, it will be remembered, includo the vote for educational purposes. We have received tho first number of the St. Arnaud Mercury, which appears to bo con- ducted with ability and energy. The Lytteltcn Times, with referenco to the Panama service, says,-"Wo hear that France has already offered to como to terms for a call at Tahiti, and if they pay well the request will bo met. Her Majesty's Govern- ment aro to carry the New Zealand mails to Colon free, and to account for all poetases re- ceived, except the inland rate of Id." Representatives of the road boards at Heidel- berg, Pentridge, Epping and Morang waited on the bon. Commissioner of Hallways and Hoads yesterday, to mk that the road from Eccendon to Heidelfcjrg should be mado a main road. Mr. Darling, chairman of the Pentridge Boad Board, pointed out that the load was now an important one. Tho Pent- ridge Boad Board had spent £1,303 on it, and the other bodieB largo sums in proportion, Besides, Government had built three bridge on thi6 line, another having been erected by the Pentridgo Boad Board. The traffic was considerable, and until lately people travelling from Essendon io Heidelberg had in the winter season to go vid Melbourne. Theso and similar niguments wero repeated at some length, but Mr. Grant definitively stated that, though doubtless an important cross line of communication, the Government could not and would not regard it as a main road. The deputation then withdrew. Some conversation took place in the Legis- lative Assembly last night on tho subject ol immigration. Mr. Anderson asked tho Com' missioner of Customs whether the Govern mont intended to make tho appointment! contemplated under the Immigration Acl passed while the late Government was in office, adding that he found from returnB laid on the table that £601C.D of the fund ap pllcable to immigration purpD-ea in 1803 remained unappropriated. Mr. Francis stated in reply, that it wa. not considered necessary to make those appointments, as no difficult} would be found in expending the immigra lion fund, and no necessity for a local boarc of advice had arisen, as the whole of the im migrants brought out at tho expense of thi state (excepting soma of the Lmcashin people) had readily found engagements, whlli tho assisted immigrants had been received bj their friends. The hon. member added, tha the £C0,C30 alluded to would not be aJdoi to the savings of the year, but would be speu in 1864 Mr. AV. Owen, whose excellent map of Vic- toria was recently noticed in these columns has just published tho Squalling Map of Net Souüi Wales and Victoria. In this, to thi foi mer map of Victoria is added that of Nev« South Wales, with tho squatting stationl clearly marked. The Blvciine Dlstriot le ceives special attention, and adds greatly t< the value of a map of which wo can speak ii the highest terms of praise. The seule of th map is twelvo miles to an inch. A man named John Burns states that be tween eleven and twelvo o'clock on Satur day night, as he was walking along Bath downe-street, when near the house of Si ¡Redmond Barry he was stopped by two men ono of whom threw his arm around his ned and garotted him till he became insensible Some of his pockets were then rifled of a few trifling articles, amongst others an empty purse, which, when he carno to himself, he found lying on the ground beside bim. What money he had about him was in a pocket which the robbers left untonchtd. A meeting of the Ei9t Collingwood Rifles ' was held at tho orderly-room, Yere- street, on Monday evening, for the purr/oso of electing non-commissioned and commissioned officers; Captain Sir FiauciB Murphy in tho chair. Tho commissioned officers were first elected, and the following members were chosen: Messrs. Tiythell, Allen, and Otittls. The captain, in declaring the result of the ballot, congratulated tho corps in having chocen for its first lieubnant one who had ppsscd na third upon the list of those examine! in Paris 3 and 4 for honours at the lato examination. The election of sergeants was noxt preceded with, and the following were elected ¡-Messrs. Swift. Pettit. Watkins. Lowe, and Johnson. A rather singular case of death fiom drown- ing occurred in the bay during the night of the 13th inst. A party of shipmates came on shore on that evening from the ship Pride of the Ocean, returning to the ship about mid- night. One of them, a young midshipman, named William E. Ethered, being rather in- toxicated, was taken to his cabin, and left there. The next morning he was missing, and all search after him, and inquiry made as to the cause of his absence, were alike unavail- ing. A reward of £10 was offered for informa- tion respecting him, but as none came to hand it was at length concluded that he had left his cabin during the night, and had fallen into the water and got drowned. This con- jecture was painfully confirmed yesterday by the discovery of the corpse of the unfortunate young men floating not far from the vessel. The body was recovored, and removed to the morgue, where it now awaits inquest. At the Criminal Sittings of the Supremo Court yesterday, Andrew Arness was tried, and found ' Not Quilty" of the manslaughter of Jamc3 Green, who was killed at Williams- town, by Bomo pieces of rock thrown upon him through some blasting operations carried on under tho direction of tho defendant. George Davis, found "Guilty" of a criminal abEault upon a girl of ten yea« of age, was sentenced to two years' hard labour on the roads. Emma Mitchell and Sarah Mitchell, charged with stealing from a dwelling, were found " Not Guilty," after a trial which lasted some time. The All England Eleven Cricket Match Com- mittee met yesterday afternoon, and desided upon tho colonial players who are to play in the Two Elevens Match (Parr's side and An- derson's side), which is to take placo on t»io Melbourne Ground, on the 8rd, áth, and 5th of March. It will be seen that the sides are i s equally divided as' they possibly oan ba. Parr's sido will be formed as follows :-MesBrs. Pair, Caffyn, Carpenter, Tarrant, Tinley» Cosar, Marshall, Hewitt, Huddleston, Bryant, and Cameron. Anderson's sido will embrace Messrs. Anderson, Grace, Hayward, Jackson, Clarke, Lockyer, Simmonds, Greaves, Will. Wardill, and Cosstick, Wo aro informed that a splendid return has been obtained in the laBt ciudhing of quartz from the claim of Messrs. M'Dermott, and Co., Wood's Point, thirty-3i_ tom of Btono having yielded no less than lCSloz. 2dwt. of gold, or áloz, to the ton. Referring to the letter of Mr. Ellery, in another column, concerning the shock of an earthquake, felt at the Observatory yesterday morning, at about two o'clock, we may state that it was very distinctly felt at the time stated by a gentleman residing in the Gar- diner's Creek road, near the Punt-road. He had ridden from Melbourne, and was stabling his horse, when both he and his horse were startled by a loud report, which violently shook the wooden stable. The noise might have been produced by, and closely resembled that of an unusually loud explosion of a blast in a quarry, within a few hundred yards of the place where the observer stood. So near was the resemblance, that the person who heard the noise took it for granted that he should hear of some accidental explosion later in the day. It never occurred to him that it was the shock of an earthquake until he learned that it had been felt at the same time at the Observatory ; and on entering the house he asked his wife if she had heard the ex- plosion which had just taken place. She, rather to his surprise, had not done so ; but, probably, the lady was not quite awake until her husband had entered the house. We have also heard of a house in Fitzroy-terrace having been violently shaken by the earth- quake. The shock was also felt at Upper Hawthorn, and in the immediately surround- ing neighbourhood. The shock was sufficiently strong to awaken and alarm the residents in that neighbourhood, and even to displace glass and earthenware. The Ballarat Evening Post is informed that a vacancy will shortly tako place in the re- presentation of Dundas and Follett, in con- sequence of the departure of Mr. Mollison for Europe. Mr. Mollison intonds to sail in March next. The All-England Eleven, according to tho Ballarat Evening Past, intend returning from Now Zealand earllor than they orlgiually de- signed, and their match at Castlemaine has been fixed for the 26th ins.., instead of the 29th. The Ballarat Evening Post gives us tho fol- lowing account of a newspaper quarrel : " At the We3torn Police Court to-day, the pro- prietors of this journal were sued for the de- tention of cettain typo loft in their possession by Mr. Pope, M L.A. The type was brought to the office by Mr. Pope's directions, and he paid for its carriago, at the Eamo timo con- tracting with tho propiietois for the publica- tion of tho Grenville Mail, and the payment for the printing. The Grenville Meit survived its birth a few days only, and the rcsord of its existence remained in the books of this office in the Bhape of an unsatisfied debt of £30 odd. Mr. Brown, tho plaintiff in this morning's case, claims tho type as his, although ho never appeared in the transaction, and ba3 not oven proved his ownership. If Mr. Btown'a claim had been recognized, ho would have got that to which ho could show no right, and tho proprietors of this journal would have boen left to recover a debt for which thoy held a security, which un- doubtedly was left to induce them to Epcnd thofr money and timo on Mr. Pope's affairs." " Venice Preserved" was repeated on Mon- day and lest night to good houses, and tho tragedy will bo leroated this evening and ta« morrow. The farce of " The Siamese Twins," in which Mr. 0. Young has n capital character, Mr. Forceps, an elderly and enthusiastic vir- tuoso, and in which Mr. Stewart and Mr. W. Andrews havo good comic parts, is rcceivod with shouts of laughter nightly from be- ginning to end. It is underotood that Miss Cleveland, whoso recent arrival here by the Blanche Mooro was noticed a few days back, hoB accepted an engagement here, and will short 1 j; appeal at this theatre, In a round of favourite characteis. Mr. Vincent, -who arrived hero hy the samo ship, has also made an cngagemint at the Royal. INDIGO SuTEitSEnED.-At Elhouf, in Nor- mandy (a seat of tho broadcloth manufac- ture), a newly-devised chemical combination btiB been dlscoveied, which is said to produce a brilliant blue, lebs costly than indigo, if not also a fastor colour. It has bom brought under the cogulzanco of our Board of Trade, and may posible affect a largo class of in- terests in India.-Builder. 