BOYAL VICTORIA. j Tho highly oíTeetivo and popular sensational drama of tho " Poop o' Day Boy" waa revived on Monday, uni went oil' with the freshness of novelty, the inherent (Ira- ni nt ic interest pertaining to tho picco receiving due prominence hy tho exertions of tho company. Mesín ¡ Baynor mid C. Miran played excellently well as Kuan* 1 ngh mid Stephen Purcell, and Miss Arnott gavo a highlj characteristic personation of that " broth of a boy," Barney O'Toole. Tho low comedy characters of Paddy and Norah McGeo were rendered with great unction by ¡ Mr and Mrs li. McGowan, and Messrs Ifogan and Mil- i ner deserve notice for their nblo personations of thu Ber. j Mr O'Clcury and Captain Howard. Mrs Charles Pool» was particularly efl'ectivo ns Kathleen, and tho great sensation sceno between lier mid Bluck Mullens (com mondubly sustained by Mr Flynn) elicited enthusiastic; nppluuso. Tho (arco of tho " Alarming Sacrifice" con- cluded tho performances, in which, ilr und Mrs h. McGowan sustained tho weight of u very amusing trills most efficiently. On Tuesday tho performances «ors for tho benefit of Mr Cusliln, tho " entrepreneur" of tho attractive " Clussicul groupings," when u well filled IIOIM afforded ampio testimony to tho public's appreciation of his efforts .to gratify them. Another sensation dram was produced on Thursday, entitled " North and South," but tho'loss wo say about it tho bettor ; wo may hate seen worse, though wo cannot recollect whore. Pro- ductions of this culibro aro calculated to injure tho reputation tho small but elleetivo company at this theatre havo deservedly acquirad. The really meritorious drama of tho " Trovotore," and an evidently compresser! versicn of " Tho Irish Emigrant," havo formed tho supplementary items of tho week's bill of furo. In the latter piece Mr h. McGowan's Irishman was an admirable piece of neting, roiniuding us forcibly of tho lamented John Drew, lie was ably supported by Miran: as Tom Bobulink. Ve hear u new feature of interest ia in atoro for the fre- quenters of this theatre next ' week, being neither mow nor less than tho "latest novelty in Ghosts." 