HOUSE OP ASSEMBLY. FRIDAY, AUGUST 25TII, 1864. The SPEAKEiitook the chair at 4-5 o'clock. NOTICE OF MOTION. Mr. DOBSON gave notico that he would movo " Thnt the Ministry do not sufficiently possoBS the confidence of this Houso to en title thom to ctrry through the House, measures which they deem of essential importance to the public welfare.nnd that their continuance in office under such circumstances is simply at variance with the spirit of the con- stitution." (Wednesday next). RULING OP THE SPEAKER. The SPEAKER desired to Btato to tho Honsn. that in permitting tho lion, member for Hobart, to address tho HoubO on lite previous evening at a late pei iod after ho had proposed an nmendment,he (the Speaker) WBB in error. According to the practice of the House of Commons, a member who had moved an amendmoat was considered to havo spoken, and therefore could not be permitted to speak at a subsequent period of the debute, without the leave of the House. PERSONAL EXPLANATION. Mr.A.J.HORNE said that.before the orlors of the day were called on.hewlshed to make an explanation. Since tho last overing he had telegraphed to Long- ford, and found that a letter from Mr. Grant WOB lying there for bim. Its contents were telegraphed to him. nnd he* (Mr. Horne) considered himself bound in honor to Mr. Grant not to take any part in the proceedings of that House, and he did not intend to do so. Ho considered, howevor, that he hnd.bcen perfectly justified in taking tim courso ho did on the previous evening, and that even now he was quite freo to take pnrt in the discussions of that Houso, and to vote, because Mr. Grant did not comply with the conditions of hia(Mr.Horne'd)lotter. That gentleman was to reply¿minod'tately ; instead of doing so, however, ho bud delayed it until Tues- day, and consequently had put him (Mr. Horne) to the oxpoiiRo, trouble, and annoyance of coming the whole distanco to Hobart Town to no purpose whatever. Howevor, as the matter lind turned out, lie would not take any activo parc in tho debate. MESSAGE PROM THE COUNCIL. Messrs. Carter and Corbett brought down a mes- sage that the Legislativo Counoil did not concur in tho resolution transmitted by the Ilouse of Assem- bly that nu address be presented praying for an appiopriatiou of £3,000 for ii pailinmontnry engi- neering survoy, with plans and sections and all necessary particulars ns to the rolling stock for carrying out a main line of railway between Hobart Town and Launceston ; but that tho Council COU- CH ried that an address should ho presented to His Excellency the Governor praying His Excclloncy to bo pleased to place the sum of ¿3,00J on the esti- mates to bo expended on tho proposed survey, pro- vided a sum of £2,000 bo raised by private sub- scription. Tho message was ordered to be, taken into con- sideration on Tuesday noxt, Mr. MURRAY said that ho was not in the House when the lion, member for Ringwood had spoken, and ho (Mr. M urrny) desired to explain anything he (Sir. Murray) had said there. Ha would be cxtiemelv sorry to place the lion, member for Ringwood in a false posilion as regurdod tho Houso or tho country. He (Mr. Murray) had received a ines?ago from Deloraine yesterday, and although not strictly in order, yet as ho wished to offer an explanación ho would like to be permitted to read the telegram. Mr. SHARLAND rosa to order. A satisfactory explanation had been given by the hnn. member for Ringwood, who said that he would not take part in the proceedings, nnd (Mr. Sharland) did not think that anything further was required. Mr. MURRAY wished to explain that ho had not done anything with the view of injuring the bon. member foi* Ringwood. The telegram was as follows : ' Copy of a letter received from Mr. liorna on Tuesday night, "PattncntoiiC.cssy. " 20th August, 1864. "DKAR Sin-' I am desirous of contlnulutrf my " pair" with yon for another fortnight. If you agree to this please reply at once, otherwise, I shall be la Hobart Town at the termination of our agreement. «luhaslp "Yours tiuly, (Signed) "A,J. HOItNB. " C. Grant, Esq., M.II,A. " Deloraine " To this Mr. Graut replied that ho hud no objection. In other words, he acceded to his request. Mr. KNIGHT roso to order. Mr. MURRAY said that his explanation went no farther than what he had stated, namely, that the lion, member for Ringwood applied to the hon. member for Deloraine, wishing to be absent for another fortnight. Tho telegram further stated, " Grant wishes you to kuow this, and explain to Mr. Meredith. By bis letter to me this morning, he is very anxious to learn if Mr. Horne has kept faith with him. T7io original pair-off would camira on Friday." The original poir-off would not expire until that evening, and, therefore, undor no circum- stances, would the hou, member for ltingwood bo entitled Mr. SHARLAND rose to order. The SPEAKER ruled that the bon. member'was not in order. Mr. DOBSON said that the lion, members paired off for a fortuiybt nt six o'clock on Thursday even- ing, and it consequently expired at six o'clock on the previous evening, and not on the present day. ORDERS OP THE DAY. Adjourned debate on question for a select com- mittee to enquire into the appointments made by the present ministry. Mr. BALFE asked if the nmondmont of the hon. member for Hobart Town was now bofore tho House P The SPEAKER replied that it was. Mr. DOBSON enquired whether the amendment did not substantially negative the motion P The SPEAKER ruled that it was in order. Mr. DAVIEiJ thought that at this stage of the proceedings he might veiy fairly and stfely con- gratulate the House on the temper with which the debate had been cariied on. He WUB of opinion that in a question of this kind-and there could be no doubt that it was ono involving many serious conbideiations- the House might safely continue the oourso it had begun, aigue the casa on its. merits, and on them nlone decide the matter. He believed that neither invectivo nor vituperation would have the slightest influence on the decision of the House, whereas sound reasoning and common sense arguments might bavo their effect on those who were in doubt at the present moment (hear, hear.) The motion under consideration which had been put on the paper, and tnbled by the bon. member for Now Norfolk was for a select com- mittee to enquire into tlio appointments made by the present ministry. Now, it was noc his inten- tion to go into tho particular of all the appoint- ments, but during the course of his address ho would confine himself exclusively to what he con- sidered the broad principles of the case and the piivilflges of parliament, under the cireumstunces. He believed that on a question of this sort there was d wide difference between those piivilgos-that a far wider nnd greater distinction wus drawn than the paltry consideration as lo whether that or any government nossessed tbe confidence of the country and the present was a question to try the rights and privileges of the representatives of the people with regard to the expenditure of public money. The expenditure of the public money was inherent iu that Assembly, and it was the boundcu duty of every bon. member to conserve the public purso.atid see that the money they voted as the representa- tives of the people was properly expended (henr, hear), on that he believed there could be no second opinion. He would also lay down, as a con- stitutional principle, tb.it it was the right and privilege of au executive to make appointments for the country, but at the snme time he would insist on this as anothor constitutional privilege, namely; that it was the right and privilege of ¡.arlinment, if any question arose, to enquire into the correctness or otherwise of thoso appointments. These wero tho principles to which he intended to confine him-ell'ou the present occisión, and he would put it fairly to bon. gentlomcn whether in a case of this sort.oponed up with the explanations they bad listened to, with the statements of the bon, member for New Norfolk on the one hand, supported by the bon. member for Longfoid on the otliei,they were pi eparca to "bulk aneuqiuiy? (Mr Allison No) He was glad to heal the lion member say so, as he had expected notbiu/ moie fiom lum, (Mi Allison In a pioper mannei) and bo would nsk bun if he could pioceed with the amendment nftci his exclamation of " no" and thus in cllcct bullee the enquny that the bon. menibci foi Now Noifolk a-,kod foi ? Mi ALLISON The bon mcmbei is not quoting mo rightly I stud I would not but Le enquny in n piopci ¡mannei, meaning one bcfoie tho whola House, Mi DAVIES said that be need scnicely point out that inttiiuptionsof this kind wet o 1 Icely to bo inconvenient, although ho did not think that they would piovo so to himself, beeauso ho wa3 fully awne of tho position ho occupied He would again put the question oioadlj, and ask if tho bon uiembu foi Hobai t Town, 01 nnv othei hon gentleman, wnsptepaiod to buike enquny into the appointments of the countiy (Mi Munay No) whethoi made by the piescut 01 any suceodinir government, because if they were, ho would lil o to know what then answei to their constituents would bo nt any futuro pouod when thoy might hu ve to landor U2> nu account of tlitm BtowurdBUip P 'Iho bon membei foi Hobait Iowa, Mi. Allisou had proposed an amendment to the effect that the House had confidence in the piosent administra- tion, and that was to be an auswoi to the enquiry made by the bon member foi New Noi folk as to the nopointuients of 110 pet sous ' Hon gentle- men woula lemembor that statements had been made with logard to some of these appointments that must bo most damaging to the present or any goi eminent if ti no, and he would put it to the bon gentloineu ou the trensuiy benches, if tbey should not be enquired into and moie paiticulaily if they wereuntiue Hepiesumcdthnt be was in oidei ia referring lo what had been said last night as constituting ono and the same debate (hear, hear), and if what the Treasurer then said was true, he (Mr. Davies) thought it was that gentleman's duty to have snid something like this, " I object to tho time that it is proposed shall elapse between the tabling of this motion by tho lion, member for New Norfolk and the period at which it is proposed to discuss tho question, seeing that the government aro quito prepared for enquiry now. We aro anxious that every imputation-tho slightest imputation with regard to nny of our nppoiutmcntB should be examined, and that not n week-nay, not even a day shall bo allowed to elapse, but that the lion, member for, New Norfolk Blinll make his motion nt an earlier pciiod, in order that thoonqiiiiy may be had." If thura was not '* something rotten in tho state of Denmark," (laughter,) with regard to theso appointments or some of them-and he was only going to partían laiise one as au illustration of his position-he would say that, if thero was not-somothing rotten, something that would not bear tho light of day, why should not those gentlemen opposite court enquiry in tho same way that a statesman of equal ubility with themselves-una occupying nearly as high a political position as either of tho bon. gun tlemen who occupied the treasury bonohos were likely to enjoy-namely, Lord John Russell, did with regard to tho appointment of a judge in Vic- toria ? What were tho circinus tau eos of that case ? Ho would beg the attention of lion, gentlemen to two or three cases that ho would illustrato in oidor to show how differently tim imperial government' and the authorities iu other colonies acted iu respect to similar cases ; to bring before Iho members of thegovernmcntitiid other lion, members what had been the custom nnd practice of parliament under such circumstances, and to show that thero was nothing novel in the position occupied by the lion, member for New Norfolk with regard to lils wish for nn enquiry into certain circumstances. It was well known to lion, members thatnMi'.Stoiiorwnsnppoinledby the homo authorities in 1854 as a Judge in Victoria duriug the temporary ubsoncu of Chief Justice A'Beekott. It was also known that lie positively suihd for Victoria with his appointment in his pocket (hear, hoar) ; that ho took his commission with bim ; bur, scarcely had tho ship loft the British shores when a charge was brought, ngalubt bira of having been guilty of bribery and corruption at au eleotioiieering contest. The propriety of tho appoint- ment wna brought under the nolloo of the House of Commons, and what was tho result ? A siijjersedcas was forwarded by the ovorland mail, which reached Victoria before Mr. Stonor'a arrival. Tho case was argued in the Houso ol' Commons, and tho course taken by Lord John Russell-the thon head of the administration-was dißViont to that proposed to bo adopted by the lion, gentlemen on the opposito beuchos. When the question was raised on the 3rd of April, 1851, by Lord Dudley Stuart, who moved tho adjournment of the House, Lord John Russell said in reply : "The noble lotd had oommenced by saying ho would malle a motion, the effect of which, murtho to set aside the order of that House that on that tiny orders of tho day should take prccodunco ot mêlions; for if any member could give notico of a question and thon make a motion for tho adjournment of tho Houso nie omer would ne 01 no ettect. He was very glnd that the noble lord had contented himself with ono irregularity, for certainly if it wore not supposed that be was going to end with a motion he would have received an interruption from tim chair ia tho course of bis speech. He hoped tho noble lord would not repeat tho course ho bad now taken, On tho caso which the noble lord bad brought before the House there was a motion foi a coinmitteo, to that motion the government wore quito ready to accede, so that all the circu instan JOB relating to Mr, Stonor's recommendation to office might be known." Ho (Mr. D.W03) was free to admit that this wns nu isolated ouse, but ns he had said when Mr. Stonor «rriv,d in Victoria, ho found his dUchnrga or siijiorscu'eas awaiting him, in consequence of wliioli be returned to England, and the colonial govornmout refused to allow him his passage rooney and expenses, bocnuso be had beon improperly appointed. But ho woiilJ put ¡t to bon, members that although tlio gqyprnniont revoked the nppqiqtmont thoy bad given this gen- tleman, they did not consider that bocnuso tho question iras put, it should bo looked on as a voto of want of confidence. And in like manner when tho bou. member for New Norfolk mudo a motion for a certain enquiry, was it to bo tortured into a vote of want of confidence P It wus merely a eat-ery to burko enquiry, nnd to prevent thut investigation whioh miuisters dare not-ha would repeat it vrhioli minUters dare not submit to, The bon, ' member for New Norfolk himself, whoso word was j to be relied on, unquestionably assorted in his place | that bo never intended it AB a vote of want of con- fidence, nor was it such. His (Mr. Davies's) bon. friend Mr. Allison who went on the broad piineiple of doing right to all men (boar, hear), lind put an amendment on the table of that House that would b'irko dhcussion on a voto of wnnt of confidence, (no, no, hear, hear), flo would insist upon it, bon. gentlemen might say " no" but ho would sny yes, and assert that the proposed amendment virtually closed discussion on that questiou, (hoar, hear). The matter assumed a more tangible form becauso they had heard that evoning that a notice of want of confidence would be placed on the paper ; now tbcro was no doubt about that. (Mr. Allison : Was that known when I made the amendment?) There was no doubt that it was there,and it would open the door of enquiry. Every act-every promiso-every failure -evory description of action undertaken by the ministry would be sifted, and investigated, but to move this amendment was to shirk enquiry, (erics of no, no.) Hon. members might say " no, no," but they would not succeed in diverting bim, they wanted to burke investigation (no, no). They were afraid,-some of them at least-of going back to the country, they were afraid of a general election, and dared not face their constituents, (loud erics of no, no.) The bon. member might call '* no, no," but that geutlemnu would not be returned for Brighton again. (Laughton) Tho case of Mr. Stonor wai certainly one in point, but, of course, ho knew the argument in that House would be that an enquiry was demanded into the appointments of 116 individuals. Now it was a mero absurdity (hear, bear) lo suppose that out of 116 appoint muuts made by the present government somo had not met with the approbation of both sides of the House (hear, hear.) Ho believed however that when the lion, member Mr. Perkins moved for a certain return, he wanted to seo the nature of the appointments that bed been muda by tho present government, and amongst thom ho found some that were objec'icmable, and they were tho ones to bo brought under the considération of that Houso. No one bo presumed would pretend to argua that the government were so corrupt, and bad that ont of 116 appointments a number were not acceptable to all. He bad not the return before bim at the present moment, bnt he belie/cd that it included the whole police força of the colony-lion, gentlu mon .vould correct bim if ho was in error but ho was of opinion that ho was right. It certainly could not bo supposed that when the hon. member moved for a committee he intended to go into tho question of the 116 appointments; no, he purposed to select those that were not only obnoxious, but had brought scoi n and contempt on the presentndministiation nnd thtir suppoiters That was what was intended, but the lion member had nevei meant that because Unce or four objec tionabls appointments had bean made they were to be considerations upon which to found a want of confidence motion in that Houso At least he (Mr Davies) bad undei stood the bon member ^o say in eQeof° yostorday, "Gentlemen, hero aie two ot three appointments that requuo to be investigated, as they aie objectionable, not only to myself, but also te tho House mid the country at laige Cet tain rumois have gone abroad, and all I ask is foi an enquiry as to whethei the muustiy aie right or wiong" He (Mi Davies) believed that the ministry should have acceded and said "Wa couit enquiiy into this niattei, we ask 3 ou to do so at once, because we shall occupy a stronger position in vom esteem than we did pievious to the propagation of those calutn nious repoits" That would bo the propoi way, and that was the course adopted m the case of Mi LIWIPJ', who was appointed Governor of South Austiulia No sonnet had that gentleman been nominated than the objection was liusod-although he had been pi ivate societal y to the Right Honoi able Mi Gladstone whan he hold the Ililli and dis tinguiohed position of Chancello! of tho Exchequei that he had hal some questionable ti&usactions; on the Stock Exchange and dealings on the tuif, which weie cousideicd by mumbeis of tho Houso of Com mons to bedeiogatoiy to the position of a min who had been nominated Govotroi of a Bl ici-.li colony An enquny unquestionably took place in the House of Commons, and the appointment was defended in tho same way thoie that tho Tioisuroi defended those that weie made lioie, but what was tho losult ? The appointment had to be ctncellail, and Su Richaid Macdonnell wns seut out m his place But the mtuistiy of the day did not con sidei it was a vote of want of confidence Ho (Mi Divio«) di I not pi "tend to say that all the appoint- ments should be disputed, foi he was us libciul in his sentiments as rogaided his political opponents as ho wus to himself, and he believed m the right of patronage as a pait of the puviloges of office (hear, hen) Ho believed in tho ri^ht of making appointments, always considoi ing that tho poisons Bolocted weie cipnble of peifoimmg choir duties But thoy had two molo cases noaioi home Loadet s eise in Victoi ii « as a t ecent ouo This person was a Ministei, Postmaster Geuctnl, and the Directoi of Railways, and it «as îepre scntod that on a ceitaia occasion bo went into ona of his offieoB in a state of intoxication A com- plaint was made befóte pitImment.and thePicmiei himself jumped up and said that as a chat go had been mudo agninst a high official, ho would like to havo it investigated by & select committee This was done, and the tesult was that he had to íesign li is office, but the ministry did not considoi that because one of then colleagues hid to icsign for unpiopiiety of conduct thoy should considoi tho motion tor nu enquiry in the light of a want of confidence question. There was a case, however, of fir greater magni- tude than either of those ho bad already men- tioned-a. case that h.id been referred to on tho previous day by tho bon. member for Now Noi folk. It concoruod the privilege of tlio Speaker in the parliament of Now South Wales, nuil occurred at so late a period ns 1860. The Speaker took excep- tion to the executive appointing nu officer in ibu House ol' Assembly without com.ultation with bim. The matter was brought under the considération of the Assembly iuNew South Wales, and it was dis cussed there on the complaint of tlio Spanker. He (Mr. Davies) wisliod lion, members to inntk tho aualogy. The resilt was, that an address was carried to the Governor-General, Sir AVilliam Denison, praying that in future all appointments having reference to the House of Assembly should first have the approval of tho Spenker.no would call the pai liculur attention of tho bon. member for Oatlands to that point. (Hear, hear, from Mr. Murray). Ceitain privileges were claimed in the Housa and resisted by the government-would tho bon. gentlemen remember that ?-they were car- ried, bon ever, by a majority of six, although the government brought all their, influonce to bear against the question, aud the reply to the uddros3 was, that His Excellency saw the right of the House to have the whole of these appointments in future brought under the consideration of tho highest officer in the Assembly. The conse- quence was that those appointments could not be mndo without the consent of tho Spenkor. This was wbut ho (Mr. Davies) wished to draw attention to, namely, that, notwithstanding the re- sistance offered by the ministry,their defeat and tho admission by tho Governor of tho right of enquiry -the ministry did not regard it in tho light of a voted want of confidence. Would the hon. gontlo man mark that. Was it not close to the vary door of this discussion, nnd could it be said that lion, gentlemen should take the present motion ns n vote of want of confidence under the present circum- stances ? Notwithstanding all this, however, bi-i lion, friend the member for Hob irt Town would still bui ko nu onquiry. (Mr. Allison: No, if con- ducted in a proper manner I will not.) Ho had a great regaid for the lion, member ns hu know. (Liuglitei'i and hem', hear, from Mr, Gregson.) Tho bon. member know well that be (Mr, Davies) lind a great regard and respent for him, but ho bad fallon into an error on this occasion (no,) nnd would burke tho enquiry bocausu he was a thick aud Ultu Mipportor of tho ministry (no, no.) Well, Hint was his (Mr. Dnvios's) opinion. (Mr. Allisou : I dany it though.) Ho could not help forming an I opinion, and ho did so upon tho nets of tho lion, member. (Mr. Allison : I know my own mind.) It had not beuu his intontion-ns bo bad stated at tho outsot-to particulariso these appointments, but ho must refer to the pension grantod to Mr. Henslowe. It was tho only ono ho intonded lo allude to, but ho uoiibjdarcd tlia ar- rangement was of so peculiar-ho would not say suspicious-rn chnraotor, as to require investi- gation, and what woro tlio oirounistnnaos of Mr. Henslowe'» retirement P That gontloman had held <i position In that Houso and he (Mr. Davies,) had always oiitortainud tlio highest opinion of -bis qualifications und peculiar fitness for Ihn nfllw 1m Ulled. Mr. Henslowe luado nu application, as they know, to a former government to be nllowed to retire on his pension. ¿ho government, however, did not concuivo that sufficient rensoim for so doing had boon advanced, nnd ho (Mr. Divies) woll re. membercd seeing a letter from Mr. Henslowe stating that he should look for jitstioo tq li|s claim, when Borne future government held administrative powers, i" this colony. This was a fact for ho saw it In that gentleman's own handwriting long prior to tho retirement from oilloe of tho Into administrai ian, and ho believed that the learned Attorney-Gunoral held office at tim time tho correspondence was going on. (Tho ' Attoriiey-Ûouoral : I never heard of any letter from Mr. Henslowe or of his intention to resign, until j, letter canto to tho prepont government from Mr. Henslowe upon a illflbront subject which I did see,) Tho letter ho (Mr. Davies) alluded to had reference to soino iiijuslico dono to Mr. Hens- lowe who, as ho (Mr.D.ivics) ballivud com- plained that " ho could not got justico from tho government in power, hut ho hoped when nuothor government assumed power to getjuslico." His (Mr. DaviuVt) object in drawing attention to this WAS to slio?/ Mint tliatgontloiinin had sympathy with tho prosent government, and a fortiori that tho government had sympathy with bim, for thoy had given him a retiring pension of botweon JÜ20U and ,£300 a year, in oonBequonoo of that gentle raau'a stated incapability to porforra tho duties of his office, and of some medical certificates | But he behoved that it was the first time in the annals of the colonial government in which any official rccoivcd a pension on a statement of in- capacity, without first giving bim leave of absence for a certain period, in order to see whether ho would uotiecover from what ho complained of, by means of a reluxation from duty, and a change of air and scene. But it appeared to bira that Mr. Henslowe had boon thrust o way with a largo pension for the purpose of ouiibllng the present government to exercise a little patrouago among their friends. It iras well known that this gentleman lind gone to filia situation nt £\ 2Û0 per annum in an Indian which was tantamount to Baying an unhealthy climate, and if he was able to go and undortake high and responsible duties connected with irriga- tion in the Madras Presidency, be (Mi. Davies) was of opinion that it aigued very fairly that ha was in a position to occupy his former situation Uno, or to perform some other duties of an equally valuable character to the colony.instead of which, howover.ho had gone away to obtain a large income in in other country. Ho (Mr. Davies) did not oomplain of that, on the con- trary he wished him success with it, but what he did complain of was the fict that he took away a large pension from this country in the manner he bad just detailed, and if be could porfoini certain functions elsewhere, why should he not be brought back and made useful, for they knew hta general Utility. ' He lind not made these remarks with any intention to disparage tho gentleman in question, but be bad spoken against the principle of pen- sioning him off in tb¡B wny for the sake of enabling the government to exercise a little patronage. If that «as one ot the things complained of by the bon. member for New Norfolk, surely it was a matter to bo enquired into by the House. The people-he (Mr. Davies) did uot appoal to them frequently as bo did not caro for thom-but nevertheless he would say that they were taxed over and over what they had formerly been for the payment of tbosa intolerable pensions. He had an utter abhorrence for the pension system in this colony. (An bon. member : They are done nwsy with.) It waa au incubus of some £10,000 or .£12,000 a yonr, and yet the system was done away with ! It was to die away, but it had been most intolerable. He believed that tho bon. and learned Attorney-General had been the first to introduce a system for doing away with it. (Heir, bear.) Ho was of opinion, however, that no bon. gentle- man in that parliament could fairly say that the present caso ought uot to bo enquired into, and yet-ho must say it nguiu-his lion, friend wanted by a side wiud to burke enquiry. (No.) Yes, not- withstanding all this ho would shut out enquiry.nnd said .. hiing it before tho House." (Hear, hear.) Ho (Mr. Davies) was sorry to use the term, but be would show the absurdity of doing so, and of examining witnesses at tho bar. (Hear, hear.) Where was the precedont for it P (An lion, member: Many.) The lion, geutlemnn said " many," but if he would find him one, in colonial parlance be (Mr. Davies) would " shut up." (Tho Attorney-General : Mr. Watt's case, (laughter.) He knew Mr.Watt's casa (an lion, member ¡ You ought to kuowit), but it was not nn aualagous one, for the enquiry was not with reference to the fitness of nn appointment or the propriety of giving a peusion-but it was an enquiry ns to the im- propriety of a servant of the government in insult- ing and slandering his master. (Mr. Horne : Who is his master?) (The Speaker: Order). He could reply to the enquiry of the bon. gentleman, but be thought it unnecessary to do BO. The lion, mem- ber (Mr. Homo) wns more testy on the slightest interruption than almost any other bon. gentle- man, diidyot bo could not resist the temptation of interrupting another himself. He (Mr. Davies) admitted his right to interpolate, but all he would say to him would bo to request that he should not bo angry with bim (Mr. Davies) if bo did the same thing. He had not used the term iu an offensive sens«, for it wns no disgrace to a man to havo a master, ho used it as between the employed and the employer. The Premier of the day was the apparent employer for tho timo being. (Tho Attor uey-Gonornl, No.) (Mr. Sherwin, Yes.) Aud as such his servant bail no right to slander him, and that was the enquiry at the bar of tho House in the casa referred to. They could not ndduco a pre- cedent where an enquiry as to an appointment or pension had boen conducted at the bnr of the House, for a ense in which the sum of Ü100 was in- volved might occupy that LTouse or any other de- liberative body for a mouth Theio were 28 repre- sentatives in that House who could taku part in the debates, and the lion, member Ifnow that hardly a question would mise but nearly every member would bo cross-qnestiontng. But bis bou. friend wanted to burko enquiry, and to savo the ministry from degradation (Mr. Allison : Ab I) as ho believed in his conscience that tho bon. gentlemen on tho ministerial benches wern nft'nid to~A'mifcui>o-lnt«-t.ltA_/uioiaKnn_(Mr._ Allison : I IJCUCVC no nu c1, thing. I deny it most emphatically j ho«annot look into my mind, and see how it is actuated. The (Speaker : Order). (Mr. Allison : Ho should not apply ofleu«ivo observa- tions). Ho (Mr. Davies) bad not done BO, and ho intended strictly to avoid making offensive remarks but he wai of opinion that the lion, momber thought-(Mr. Allioon : I tell him it is not so), Ho accepted his explanation at once, but bo did not know what tho lion, gontieman did mean except that ho wished to burko onquiry becauso ho sup portel tho pro-out adininistialion, and thought that ho (Mr. Davies) might Fit down with au amend- ment on his amendmQut,andhc(Mr. D.ivics) was of opinion that it would boa very propor one. Tho bon, member had propose! an amendment to tlio motion of tlio bon. member for Now Norfolk that that House bad overy confidence In tlio piownt govorn iuoiit,(lioat',hear),andho(Mr Dnvio-)thoughtthntlie might putas an a-inondmont, to that " Tlie present govorntnont havo no confidence in , tho prosont opposition." (Hear, hoar). How was tho HoukQ to bo divido J. (An lion, member: Divide) Would it boa fair test that lion, mombors did not like to hoar the ti nth as to confidonco or no confidence in the pio.ont administration. Assuming that tho govorumont enrriod this motion by a majority of tbroo - and as tho Trcasuror and A'tornoy-Gouernl w'oull vote it would in reality bo reduced to one, and was thal to bo con- sidered a test of tlio strength of tho present govern. inontP Ho believed that no government without a large working majority in an Assembly of thirty members could entry on the administration of public nffuirs successfully, and for tho benefit of the country. Whatever the present result might be it could not but bring odium on them, evan if they won, and this would bo tba opinion everywhere throughout tho length aud brradth of tho island. (Hero Mr. Rose said something that our reporter could not catch.) Yes, even in that portion roprosontod so ably and eloquently by bid lion, friend, tho member for Morvou, it would go forth that the onquiry bad boon lurked, and that tlio bon. member for Morven had assisted in burt, ing it. (Mr. Rose again interpolated nu observa« tion.) If bo (Mr. Davioj) lound that tlio bon, metnbor votod for tho enquiry, ho would be delighted to apologise to bim; for if ha thought thntgeutleman would do so ho would nut havemnda these observations. But ho believed tho bon., momber would conscientiously give a vote ngainit' the present motion, or rather that he would give a voto of confidence in the ministry, assuming tbat tho bon. member for nobnrt Town could not with- draw his nmendment,nnd let thom go to a que.-tionof coufidonco or no confidence in a legitimate manner, Ho (Mr. Davies) was propared tj say that bo bad no confidonco in them, ns ho had s'ijd over nnd oyep nguiu. He did not repent it offensively, but if the question could bo opened up now ho would bo propni ed to specie nt that moment, with regard ta Iii« viows of their ncltnini-trntive capacity, (Mr. Murray : (Hear, hoir.) Ho did not bellew) that tho hon.'gcntluinnn could seo ns ho did on the. present occasion. Hoar, hear.) Ho (Mr, Darius') would bo proparod-if a roport favorable to tilt administration was brought up, stnting that (li^fy appointments li.id boon proporly made, and that tho porsons who bold tho offico3 wore oompetent ho would bo ono of tbo first fco oöngmtulnte tho government on tlioir having cansan ted to nn enquiry or tlioir having gone through an ordeal which must have bp.pn najnful, frqm aconsolonsneäs of rectitude, and passed through tho fiery trial scatholoäi. (Mr. Horne: Shndrnob, MqsQjli, and Abodnogo.) Yes, ho would ba prepared to do so in spito of tim interpolation of tho bon. moinbor, and he behaved that the refusal to grant this enquiry would be moro damaging than anything that oould possibly (nippen to tho «rovornment. no was of opilan, that Ibeir best friends woro tboso who would vote for the enquiry, and that the greatest fooa tp thoi» futuro political prospects were tbqso who would suppôt t thom now. No udvorso coramitteo ncodba appointed, the ministry had a innjoiity'. (Iíoftr, hear, from Mr. Murray.) A ballot, could ho d»» mandad linder the standing arderá, nnd with the exception of tho mover, the government might eleot tiroir own n ¡ends. (Mr. Murray : Hoar, hear.) If tho lion, moinhor said " Hoar, hoar," why did, kfo not voto l'or a select committio, and, njpfé fo^ a ballot? (Mr, Murray: Boc uiso hu does not, see, the way to do BO.) HO waa afraid that if the. lion, gentleman had a pair of spectacles that mag, dified onoi luou&ly.; |m would not bo able to seo that) tho ministry could do anything wro.ng (lau.gh.tor), Ho\Yover,ho (Mr. D.ivius) had done Ijis ijuryoti this occasion-:hu bud oudoavored na fur as ho could to point out tim clroiimstanoos us regarded this enquiry* and to show that the honorable member for Hobnit Town was endeavoring t> burko the qiiostlon (Mr. Allison s No). Thero could bo no doubt that tho votu of want of confidence ol' the holt, member for Campbell Town would bu lost, (laughter) but thorn wore l8 or 14 lion, mumbüi'8 who would bo prepared to voto for it (ñamo them.) Yo* ho could do so hut ha would no» bo prepared to uaino that lion, member. (Laughter.) Ho had now trospassod for a ooiiBldorablo time on the Houso; ho could liavo Bpoken at much greater lungtli and referred to th-i whole career of tbi government from their inauguration to the pi»« Bont moment, for ho carried the reoollection of nearly every act, but ho was uofoi(niiiRtoly shut o*b ii» so. De thanked the House for the Mi which they had received bis address, ,ped that ho had said nothing that .could ted into an intention to givo offence, for uJt with the Bnbject generally ; and if he io unfortunnto as to give offence, ho could .as his ro"ret, and say that it was uttered ,t of debate. (Hear, hear.) And if he in convincing any hon. gentleman Jw was t. (Hear, hear.) JDGSON said that after the eloquent iv had just heard from tho hon. member be was almost afraid to address the He told thom that the members who imported the government saw through of such enormous magnifyiug powor that not see anything wrong in what thny . he believed that tho bon. rnsmbor for 'looking through similar spcctaoles could g that they did was right. Ever siuco Lmher had been iu tho Houso he had By opposed the goverumont. He (Mr. Hi mis hore to assert what he believed with Bba anyone. (Hear, hear.) Ho asserted Ka confidenco in the prosont government. H¡d that since they had been iu office thoy BUt the finances of the colony into a satis ?State (hear, hear, and oh), and if they had lithat alone, it would havo beeu a great Bfor them. But they had not that alone to fin for their confidenco. From what had Mm tho lion, member for Devon and other B ho gathered that all that annoyed them B the present govern moot had succeeded flhíear, hear, and laughter.) They had been B lue reproductive works were a myth, that &y; in tho treasury chest was a myth, but ho Bbtliey were facts they wera not ablo to get fiflie opposition tiied hard to throw dust into y$s but had not succeeded. They knew too Zjft the facts ho alluded to were realities. It ?ftuat as tho session was drawing to a close Mosition was determined to havo a last Band tho appointmeuts were to bo the sub 43o the appointments, who were they ? Thora ¡She thirty medical gentlemen in the différent Band the majority of tho rest were school JS' Jle observed that among tho appointments Sne washermen at the Brickfields who were Hea nt a snlal'y ofi£3 2 Pcl aQnum- Di<1 llley Benquire into thom P Did they want a select Jgtee for them ? Last night it was the St Clerk and the Solicitor-General. Failing Sjj the bon. member for Devon wont to the Uti Mr. Henslowe, He had been au old and jj servant, and it was known that his eyesight Bing. If therefore he had gone to another Hncl had received a temporary situation ought fit rather to bo glad of it. The ministry Bathing to do with his new appoint mont. Kould rejoice that one who had served them Bli] got a place where ho would be able to Kprovlsiou for his family. As to the appoint Efthe Assistant Clerk-that gentleman had Esome timcamemberof this House-had been Kuy tho hand by those who now called his ?latent in question-and lind acted on several EDS as Chairman of Committees. Ha could not Et for the feelings of some men, but if he had Sited for that gentleman holding a responsible if lie would never say one word against him. it feen said that he was unfit for the office. He [never seen bira intoxicated, but then he july did not live in Hobart Town. But even, rere so, the fact reflected more on those who id to put him into e. higher office than the tant Clerk of the Hou>o. He was at a loss to rstand how those who had voted for his election e office of Chairman of Committees should now .gainst the government for making bim itantClerk. If it was derogatory to the House ive hiai as a clerk, surely it was far more so to i had liim as Chairman of Committees. Those had voted for him should not be the first to iiv stones. As to the Solicitor-Geuoral he was ified, that they could not get a better, and r what they had heard last night the bon. iber for Dovon must have been satisfied too. could not see what they had to be disappointed i, unless it was with the washermen at the klields, and that they wore too highly paid at per annum. (Laughter.) But tho government nothing to do with them, lor they merely ap tcd those whom the Board had recommended ; it was properly so too. But if this proposod liry was to go on, it was evident they would i to make it every session, nnd no appointment !<1 bo made by the government until it had the ¡lion of tho select committee. But the ministry rall were mel ely a committee of the House for purpose of currying into effect the re-solutions I instructions of tlio House. If. he could seo i single appointment which the ministry had do which could be blamed ho would at once go li the opposition. But if they were to turn tho sont ministry out, where could they supply their ces? (oh, oh, and laughter). The bon. member Devon might laugh, but ho had no doubt he aid bo very glad to fill a placo in the treasury sr, hear), but ho would be very sorry to see bim ire. Ho bud, however, no doubt that there re some bon. members in the House who could Ítho olIicoB. and whom he should be glad to sec them if the present government wera to retire. Kd, however, no desiro to see the ministry out, £"ld opposo the motion of the lion, member Lwrfblk. 'Blr DAVí^6""! Ihnt ho would not lntcuupt iff l,0n meu'.bei when he said that bo (Mi »IM) bad consfnntlj votad againbt »-ho govoin j W>t IU simply lefaiod bun to the % otes and < Mvcccdinps of tbo Douse, nnd tho lion member IKajU nnd time on ma ty occasions, and especially IfSpnsäing tho estimate«, ho had given thom an agjjepenucnt suppoil As tj tho appointment of ! EB Solicito General, ho lind nt vu taken an creep /Eon to it Ho lud gono on geuoial puuuples, and luid not iluso a ungle objection to any of the ap 'jpomliiients and only excopted loone, nlio lind lift »4e eolonj I Mr HODGSON said be understood that tho bon Juenibor lind said that ho would not suppoit the feovcinmint ni nnj thing, and it he bad uitj otho! tat er in lus muid ho was not awaio of it Ho would admit that ho had lienid tho bon membei Jay puvatily that he was satisfied with the appoint- ment of tho Solicitoi Qonoinl Ho would bo sou y iodo tho linn membei an injustice I Mi HAYES said he would like to say a fiw twoids Ihcy had li cat d a gi eat deal of the appoint wents of the ministiy, and if tho opposition could bet up a vote cf ceusuie tb y would do so, but the feround was too shppeij for thom What had thohon [momber for Devon enid PIf bo was to give rn oj înion [be would say it was nothing but a pack of rubbish (laughtei ) It WOB said that the government kniw lof these illili unties, but bo dcnud it It was bald ¡that ho was a drunkard and a sot Ho did not know it, for ho had ncvci seen bim di mik He did, howevci, know that on seveial occasions, when the lion member for Fianklin bad been unwell, that ho was culled on to fill the office of Chan man of Committees Now because be was the brotbet of the Attoiney General they wanted to pick a bolo in his cont (Laughter ) It wns a pick, nnd what bud they puked ? He would say that what they lind done was most unmanly (Heal, bear) If they wanted to bung foi wai da vote of want of no confidence,wby did they not do it at the commence- ment of the business It bad been said that what- ever tbo ministry did the mombers on this sidewould btick to it-and that thej weio not ablo to seo wrouglí a magmiyingglass, and that it tins motton witb curried the ministry would go to the country. Ho believed that those on this sido would bo able togoto tho country with safety, and would bo re- turned again by a largo majority. Ho was not afraid although ho did not covot the placo. As to always supporting the ministry it wns ridiculous. What did ho want from them ? Ho did not want their places nlthough thero wore several who did. 'i'lio only person lie kuoW whom tho ministry could have made Solicitor General was tho lion. n-ombor for George Town, but if thoy had appointed bim tiley would have negleoted their onn fiiends. 'i'lieaa thon wore tho two great appoint- ments-the two great" mistakes - and who could say anything nguiust them. Then the Jato Clerk of tho House had got a pension and jifl4 gone to Judia, What bad the ministry lo do with that ? Ile Und It scorns tried t|)c othor minis- try, and thoy would not let bim go, and that, there- fore, wiiB not a scheme of the present ministry. ïf lui lind been refused his peuslou, then thero might liava been a charge made against him. Ile could see no reason for an enquiry, unless it was into the washermen of the Brickfields. But not a word wns Baid about them. But because two friends of tho ministry got nn appointment thero was a ten ¡bio fuss. But if tho opposition could only got in-if they could only got tho bon. member for Davon into the'treasury, all would bo light. (Hear, bear, and loud laughter.) They had been hoto two months, and what had beeif 'Jone ? (Hear, hear ) Thoy had done nothing but wrapgju, and the opposition had been doing their utmost) to p|ok holes in tbo costs of the ministry (hear.hoiir). lio glmuld sup- port the ampndmont. Mr. pUBSON snid that betöre tue motion was put he food n few remarks to mako, and ho had (iesiiod to, givo asilont voto on this occasion, but was unable to dp so. Hu oould not look on the question as of so trivial a nature IIB bad huon con- tended by somo members, ft IJjoy were bound to (Jo anything it wno to tnko cnru that tjiorp should be polling coriupt in their appointments, When they earns to sot utinizo the appointments of the ministry they would find thule was ample grounds for In- vestigation, and tliey should not endeavor to burke the enquiry. It was quito correct that Lord John Bussell bad consented to the appointment of a select committoo when Mr. Stonor's case wns brought before tim House of Commons, mid if the appointment of n. judge was suflloiout to seouro the appointment of n solect com- mittee in the Homo of Commons, surely tho Appointment of u person to au ollico in this House was sufficient to justify it too. But it lind boon bioadly stated that all enquiry wis to bo stifled by a scheme of tho bon. member for Hobart Town. The scheme had boon concootod by the ministry in order to get rid of tho enquiry by a sido wiud. (Hear, hear.) The ministry would not give them a chance of coming down prepared to support a vote of want of confidence-with a heap of political crimes of which they could bo proved to be guilty. But with theil* thick and thin supporters they wero deter- mined to but ko nil enquiry. Ho believed thoro werq many who would not always voto with the ministry, but who considered the voto of a want of confidence to bo premature. He knew th.it there woro several on the other side who would say that the ministry bad uotthoir full confidence, yet would vote for thom now. He novar knew or hoard of any ministry coming with a concocted schema for tho pnrposo of preventing enquiry. It was a mere trick, aud a ministry who would doscend to a trick of this kind would net long possess tbo confidence of their supporters. On this side tlioy bad abstained from making it a want of confidonco voto. He had done so himself, and should keep to the necessity for nu enquiry. That was tbo real question at issue. Arid what did they fiud ? That there had beou a person appointod as Assistant Clerk at a salary of ¿8300 a-year, who had not the slightest claim, while there were men who bad grown groy in the public service.and had struggled to bring up large families on their .£200 or £300 a-year. These men wet o thus deprived of the chance of promotion, to which they were justly entitled. What for P In order that a porsou who was utterly unfit, should lie appointed. The pre- sent ministry had abolished the classification by which the clerks got a small annual ¡ncreise to their salaries, and now they denied them that fair promotion from office to office to which they wore entitled. It was positively disgraceful to have a poor needy hanger-on of the government, appointed to such a situation. But it was not only a disgrace, it was an injustioo to others who had better claims. It was a robbery of the public chest, to give the eppoititmont to this needy hanger-on of the govern- ment, and for whom .£85 had boon paid a short time ago, to take bim out of goal, in order that he might como down hero, and vote for his friends. Ho was au expensive item for his party. But the salary to the appointment, which had bean given him, came from hiä-pocket, as well as that of others, and it was done in defiance of all right nnd wrong. He could lay his hand on a gentleman who had a pension of ¿6200 a year, and who was thoroughly fit for the office, and would be able to perform thn duties well. But the ministry did not loolcto the pensioners. All they wanted was to put in a creature of their own. It was a public robbory, and no other construction could bo put on it. He could refer to a gentlemau who was now in the House, and who had held for a long period the office of Immigration Agent-but ns there was littlo Immigration now from England, the olfico was to be abolished. He had not an hour's work in the day, and at the present timo was doing his own work and performing the office of Assistant Clerk. Why had not the appointment been offered to him ? He was a graduate of Trinity College, Dublin, and a gentleman of talent, ability, and business habits. No such claims could be urged on the part of the person who had been appointed. To give bim the appointment was just so much gold taken from the treasury to rewatd a gentleman who had been a faithful political partiznn. This could not bo con- sidered a tiiviiil matter. It was corruption in its worst form. It WHS not done to benofit the colony, uor was it done from motives of economy. He said that it was not the course any honest ministry would have pursued. It was a lavish and improper expenditure of tho public funds. It was a reward for political services rendered lo. his party. Ile would admit that in some cases no objection could be taken in providing for relatives, and if the Treasurer bad put into the office his own child, ho would say that it was right and proper if ho was fit to discharge the duties. So careful were they in the other colonies, to prevent anything like corruption and jobbery, that the legislature had provided that they should not tako a member from the House who had been voting for thom and placo him in an office. This Act had now received tho Queen's assent, and no man could now accept an office until he had been six months out of parlia- ment uuder n penalty of .£50. This wns framed to prevent corruption being practiced-that they should bo un&blo; to say to their supporters, "You voto for me, and. I will find you a place." no had hoped that a pro- per spirit would have prevented them from coming to this-that thny would have had no necessity for íesorting to legislation. Ho had, however, observed another caso of the same kind ia another place-a gentleman had jumped from a seat in tho other House into tho office of Solicitor General, no had avoided all personalities in the dis- cussion, but these two cases plainly showed tho necessity thero was for an enquiry ; but the course of tho ministry shewed that they would get rid of any enquiry by a trick. Why bhouUl they burt» all enquiry if their nets would bear the light of day ? Tho hon.mombor for Hobart Town told them to havo the enquiry in a proper way. What was thn right way? In the House of Commons it was done by a select coinniittoeúviul in Mr. Stevens'scase. (Mr. Gregson : You have not got another.) One was quito enough. (Mr. Murray : Aye, Stevena's case ) It seemed to him that lion, members could not understand the case, nor his argument. Ho was quite conteut to bo guided by what had been done in the House of Commons. What ho contended for was «imply the necessity for an enquiry. It thero was something tho miuistry did not want to be known, something that would not bear the light of day, let them whip up all their friends, and have no enquiry. But those charges ' would go forth to the colony, as having beon made, and nil enquiry prevented. An enquiry would either prove thom to bo true or false. If the latter, how uiuch bettor would the government stand. Tho government must have known of tho nature of these objections to their appointments, and if so, what con uption was thero displayed. If tbuy did not know them, how glad should they bo to court an enquiry. But the ministry knew how many members would rally round and support them, and they were detorminod to butko all eu quiry. Mr. GREGSON suid;that ho rose for tho purpose of throwing a littlo oil on tho troubled watcis. He could readily imagine that the Attorney-General must be very excited after the speech ho had just heard, and ho wished to give him time to calm down, and get rid of tho asperities of tho debute. But how the houorablo Attorney-Genornl must havo revolted at what hail been said by tho last speaker, no should like to havo a verbatim report of his speech. Would not any ono have revolted nt Ino charges ho had made. II was a porfect lago address. Then ho said lie hoped ho had not givon offence. Ile believed he must have sat in his room for days to have con- cocted such an address as ho had spokan to-night. Hu had talked of the miserable men-the needy hangers-on of the government-in fuct everything bad been said to give offence, and he had told thom that he was the leader of the opposition. The clock struck sir, und the House adjourned for an hour. EVENING SITTING. The House resumed nt seven o'clock. Mr. GREGSON said lie had no intention of trespassing upon the patience of tho Houso at any length in connection with the subject now under consideration. He believed the motion was un- precedented, to seek an enquiry iuto every appoint- ment mado by the ministry from the lowest messenger up to the very highest olficor-the Solicitor-General himself. Ho veutured to say that nothing of the kind would be found in parlia- mentary usago. Thoy heard about tho case of Mr. Stonor, but that was wholly exceptional, and ho would dare the bon. member, or the Attornoy Goneral himself to give another such instance. That gentleman had boon appointod n judge, when ho ¿had buen found guilty of soma great aad heinous offences ; his case was brought eofore tho House of Commons and he lost his appointment. He did not, however, know of another case, but they were told now that a proper enquiry should be made into all the appoint- ments made by the government. That they should go from one to the other from the very lowest to the very highest. Well he would try to do so, and he would take our Mr. Solomon Blay (laughter). He believed he had a right to enquire how the go- vernment had treated him. He was told that this officer was complaining that he had not enough salary, and he had applied to the ministry for a rise—had he got it ? He believed one hon- orable member of that House had recently asked the ministry if they could give him an ap- pointment. They replied that they could do so, and on the hon. member enquiring in what de- partment, the reply was, "Well, Solomon Blay has been asking for an increase of salary, and we don't quite see that we can give it to him." The hon. member replied, "What, you offer me the appoint- ment of Solomon Blay, the public executioner ?" "Yes," was the reply, "for we don't exactly know any other office you are fit for." Well, that was no doubt particularly smart, and was not perhaps meant, but still there was a powerful sting in it, aud probably it had caused the hon. member to speak with more asperity anil bitterness tuan uo otherwise »auld have done. Tho bon. member had evidently come down with the intention of making an impression on that House, but hu did uot be lievo he had ninda any impression whatever, and ha did not believe any lion, member could. Ho believed they had all mado up their minds how they should vote. They had all decided Qii a certain conrso, and nothing could change thom Soma bon. members wore apparently dissatisfied with tho eonrso pursued by thoministiy inreferonco to Boma of theso appointments, but, instead ot pursuing nu honest and fair cour.se, tho hoiiornblo momber for New Norfolk wanted to bring under review tho wholo 110 appointments, going down ns low even as the common hangman. Thoy proposed to maka a clean sweep, but tlio great thing roally was to point to omi iiKliviilualjtiud that onea gentle- man of high qualifications, a gentleman that the mombors ol that Housa wera awuro bad been trained Up in a Behool which alone had imparted to.him tho highest education, und tho finest moral soutimonts. A genttoman whoso education and talents had mot with tho roapeeb of that House, and tho conâdence of the constituency ot Hobart Town for a period of four year«. TI1Í3 was tbo gentleman who was objected to, and be was surprised that the lion, member for Now Norfolk should have brought under tho notice of the House the thing be had done, in reading from a newspaper which was, with- out exception, thelowestand most scurrilous journal on the fuco of the earth. Ho had read most of the lower papers at homo Ho had read the Scorpion and the Snfirisi and other papers of that stamp, but they contained nothing which could vio with, or beat, thu low scurrility and blnckgunrdism whioli characterised thecolumns of thoZaunccsfonEnmiino r. That auy bon. member could bave besn guilty of such conduct ns the bringing forward of that paragraph made him almost shudder when be thought of it, especially when ono so noar aud dear to tho gentleman to whom it re- ferred was sitting opposite to him. That tho lion, member should bnve dragged forward that low piece of scurrility at such a time surprised bim. It could not affect the unfortunate gentleman who was now suffering the toiture of a broken leg, and it could only bave boon brought forwnrd to anuoy ono who was near and dear to him. It was all very woll to Beek enquiry into appointments which had been made improperly, or where there was want of ability, but hore they had brought under rovtew the whole -116 appointments. He undertook to say that there was nothing in parlia- mentary usage like it anywhere, and the ministry very properly said that rather than submit to such an indignity they would resign. (Hear.kear.) It was a monstrous indignity which was offered to them, and tbey could not do otherwise. And what did tho leader of the House say about it for instance ? Ho bad taken a note of what ho said, and he hoped on the same rule honorable members would take a note of what be said. The TREASURER ro3e for information. Did the lion, member mean the leader of the Houso or tbo leader of tho opposition. They wore very different terms. Mr. GREGSON : Hem I Well he did not choose to reply to that question. There could scarcely bo any mistake about what he was about to say. Well the leader of the opposition said he saw the minis- try looking round on this question, and counting on tlio support of their needy and trusty followers. Now that lie considered was a direct charge against lion, members of that House. There could bo no mistake about it. (No no, and hear, hear). And ho would ask if the lion, member for Queenborough, for instance, the Mayor of the city of Hobart Town, Mr. Walker, was be a needy supporter of the uiinistrv P (Hear, hear). I Mr. DOBSON rose to correct the bon. member. He did not uso* the word needy as attributed to lum. He meant the honost and trusty followers of the ministry. If ho did make use of tho word attributed to bim, it was quite an inadvertence, as it could not possibly have any referonce to the gen- tlemen sitting now upon tho opposite benches. (Hear, hear, nnd ironical cheers). Mr. MURRAY : But you did say so, sir. (Order). Mr. GREGSON : Oh yes ; the bon. member did say so, and he would repeat the question as to whether tho Mayor of the city was to bo classed among the needy supporters of the ministry ? Was the bon. member for Kingborough, Mr, Perkins.one of tho needy supporters of tho ministry ? Was tho bon. ruembor, Mr. Rose, a needy supporter; or Mr. Hayes ; or Mr. Lewis ; or Mr. Lette; or-(Order.) Tbo SPEAKER : Order ! The hon. member is out of order iu calling hon. members by their names. Mr, GREGSON thought such a slight observation mighthavobecn passed unnoticed.However.he would ask further was the hon. member for Sorell one of the noody lot t Was the bon. member Mr. Allison a needy momber? Ho believed such a charge wus never before attempted to be made in any House of Assembly. He wondered how the bon. momber dared to get up now and say that he never used tlio expression. (Ordor.bear; and Mr.Dobson : I dony it.) You deny it ? Well.tbe bon. member's denial would no doubt go a long w ly, but tho use of the expres- sion could be proved by every bon. member of that House (no, nnd hear.) Mr. SHARLAND thought as tho hon. member said he did not intend to make use of the expression that should bo enough. Mr. DOBSON said ho might havo intended tho expression to apply to a gentleman n ho had former- ly hclda^cat in that House, but not to those who sat there now (hear.) Mr. GREGSON maintained that the lion.- mem- ber had used the term needy nnd'trusty supporters, and that was enough (hoar.) That was what was said. But the lion, member said ho never Bnid this. Well granted that ho did not say it. Ho lind his opinion however, nnd believed that he did Bay it. He could, however, forgive the observation ns mado in the House, but lie could not forgive the wnnt of truthfulness which tempted bim to deny it. The bon. membei would no doubt fin! the expression reported on tho following day, and thon no doubt he would still deny it. Mr. SHARLAND rose to order. The bon. member was addressing tho hon. member for Campbell Town instead of the chair. Tbo SPEAKER desired tho bon. member to address the chair. Mr. GREGSON had never looked at the lion, member. He bad no wish to look at such a person and ho did not mean to do so. (Hear, hear, from Mr. Dobson.) Ho looked at the process of this motion ns one of the most remarkable features in the debate, but tho fact was, there was a hostility to the present ministry which lind now lost all bounds of discretion. The bon. membor now cania forward and charged the ministry in their appoint- ments with robbery and corruption. Ho used tho expression many tim». (Hear, hear.) Well per- haps it was not plain enough lo full from tho lips of tbo bon. member-the lender of the opposition ! He would look round nnd tnke a squint, at this opposition extraordinary. (Liugbtor.) Well he must say he had novcr seen anything Uko it in the whole course of his life, and this was the opposition which desired to displaca the present ministry. One lion, member samo down and told them that tboy would turu tho ministry out. Ho bad no wish to make use of the vaunting expresions which woro made use of out of the Houso, but the lion, member had even gone so far as to say ho would turn tbo ministry out. Did the bon member mean to sny.or to suppose that bo lind any power in that nouso? What power bad be that he should presume tu say that ho would turnout the present ministry. The lion, momber certainly had a power nt his command in a par- ticular portion of the press, and he (Mr. Gregson) WB3 prepared to admit that there was a consider- able amount of tnlent employed on that press, but bow was it used P Was it honestly used P The bon. member no doubt dictated everything that appeared, and, no doubt, he dictated every passage with honesty and care, but tbo public wore the judges of that. (Hear, hear.) Now they were told that there was an attempt to burke this matter, but ha did not quita understand. He had beard of Burke nnd Uara (laughter), and hu believed there never wore two greater scoundrels in tbo world, unless they were to be found in Tas- mania (laughter and bear). In tho wida range of the world's infamy he believed there never wore two worse mon, but jf there wore he thought tbey had them in Tasmania, but ho hoped not in that Houso. Ho had heard that Burke had a great hand, and a peculiar face, a3 drawn by Professor Wilson in one of tbo ablest articles from his pen. It bad been said by one of our bosk writers, Dr. Blair, that bo thought nothing of a man's talents, if his character was infamous, because all the lan cruaiio in the world would uot support a man's character-ho could not bo attended to, if his character was infamous and it would soon becomo so if devoid of that leading clement, truth. That was the principal qualification that was wanted to ad dross a public assembly, and if an lion, member had not that, ho was an admitted scoundrel, and would not bo heard in that House. What lind been said to inducu tho Houso to beliavo that the present ministry should bo removed from office by the ex- pression of a want of confidonco ? Woro thoy to enter into the appointment of every messenger? The lion.mombcr lind given thein u caso in which an enquiry had been made and where the person had consequently lost his oQice.but he should blush to seo such an enquiry made hero, and to adopt such a course, a man tiuut have all sense of honor dried up in his pal clim&nt; skin. Ho would blush to take such a courso as had boon taken in bringing such charges ngaitibt bon. momboi's, Mr. SHARLAND roso to order. If tho lion, mom bor moant lum, ho would explain. Mr. GREGSON : No, you hav'nt got a parch- ment hide (laughter). He waB sorry, however, to soo the bon. member in such a position, und ho was surprised ho did not blush when he brought forward such charges. Mr. SHARLAND: I riso to ordor. The hon. member should not address mo. Tho SPEAKER: The lion, member will ploaso address tho chair. Mr. GREGSON thought it wns seldom tho lion. Speaker had to check him,as he generally addressed the chair. This seemod to bo regarded as an all-important question, and ho had never seen the Houso so crowded. Ho supposed it was iii expectation of a turn out of tho ministry, but they had a great audience, nnd he feared that poor theatrical gentleman had quita lost all his company, and would not be listened to, for every one seemed to have come to the House. (Laughter.) Ho was very much surprised to seo men of business coming to that House, for thero was really nothing to be seen. The ministry would not bo turned out, and, as regarded publia fueling, hu boliovod it waa as nearly disgusted as possible. He had not intended to address tho Houso at nil, but hearing tim obser- vations which had boen mado abqut agoutlcmati well known to bim, nnd in the prosonco of one wl|o was near and dour to him, ho certainly was surprised, and if tho lion, member had sprang across the House and killed tho person who mado those re marks, had ho (Mr. Gregson) boen on a jury bo would havo found him not guilty. (Hear, hoar). Tho bon. Attorney-General had waived his right to address tho House in favor of bim, and ho was glad ho had done so, as ho got up to speak ouly to give the hon. gentleman tim« to calm his excite 1 temper. His natural passions had been greatly «roused, but he hoped ho would now be able to address tho Honso without allowing his feelings to overcome discretion, and thnt he would make a speech of a calm and dignified nature. (Hear, hear). Ho know tho severe naturo of tho remarks that had been made, aud ho believed they had bean brought forward wilh a view to incito tho hon. niPinbor to say something which ho would after- wards regret. (Hear.) Tho whole proceeding was most unwarranted. Let tho honorable mem- ber como down with some specific charge against some officer if thoy wanted enquiry of this kind. Beyond that they should not go. He re- gretted that ho should havo addressed the House at all (bear), and he should voto against tho motion. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL before speaking to the question desired to express his grateful thanks to the bon. momber for Richmond, for the 'great consideration and kindness which he bad expressed towards bim. .From tho honorable member more than from any other ho could not have expocted auch geuorous treatment, for the bon. member was the personal and near relative of one whose appointmont he the Attorney-General had opposed in favor of the gentleman who was now sitting near the bon. member. In regard to that gentleman who had been his near friend, with whom he had been bound by many ties of fellow- ship, he coull only now say that he bad no further sympathy, and never again Bhould he clasp his hand in fellowship while bo breathed this mortal air. (Hear, hear.) He had sat and listened to the remarks which had been made by bon. members, and he had endeavored to restrain himself, and sat down, when he saw that the bon. member for Rich- mond desired to speak. The provocation which bo bud received was strong, but it was infinitely worse, much stronger because another was stabbed through bim who was not there to defend himself. By the ready acquiescence be had given to the honorable member for Richmond it would be seen that ho bud command over his temper, and just such a command ns every gentle- man ougbt to have before be entered that House. He knew the feelings which generally guided a body of Englishmen under such circumstances, and be wns aware that bo had no right to take his place in that House, if ho felt that be could not fairly command his temper. Ho was there then to defend himself and those who wore dear to himasfuras'he could do so with propriety, but if ho should be tempted to say more than a sense of decorum and his own wishes would incline him to say in favor of ona who was not there to defend himself, who could look to no other champion under such circum- stances but his own brother, be hoped that the House would forgive him. He had intendal at the wish of many lion, members who were his friends, to keep bis lips sealed. The Speaker h.id oven put the question, nnd be had not risen. He had sat quietly through the attacks of the previous night ; he had witnessed bon. members use language which was most inciting, and drag up filth (rom the very cess-pools of journalism, aud uso that against him, and yet bearing that, he did not display temper, he had beard all that was said about publia opinion without yielding, but all the best feolmgs of huma- nity were outraged in bim, when he saw one whom he had always considered a oloso friend, one whom he bad almost looked upon as a brother, and for whom he had almost broken all those political ties by which he had been for so long bound, when he saw him get up and drag forwnid the private circumstances of a gentleman, who was as far superior to him as heaven was to earth, or earth to hell, (hear, hear,) then he could not longer maintain silence, be felt bound to come forward and to explain the part bo had taken in those matters, and the ap- pointments which had been made with his sanction since ho had been a minister. Ha could declare most solorunly before God that lie had never sought to itifluauco any appointment with the exception of one to assist the needy family of him who had been his friend. For his own family lie had not allowed his influence to operate in any way whatever, and with the appointment roferrod to, ho had firmly declined in any way to interféra. Ho had oven re- fused to allow tho question to ba discussed in his presence, and the matter had been decided without bim. There wa3, howovor, a skelctou iu evory House, and the family of tho honorable member even was not free from it, but ho would not say more about those for whom he had always entertained feelings of the warmest respect ; but he would certainly be neither more nor less than an angel if, after what had occurred last night, he could continué to entertain feelings of friendship towards that man. (Mr. Dobson: Hear, hear.) Now, what were the two questions now tabled, and whnt did they involve ? The question placed on the table by the lion, member for Nuw Norfolk was for a committee to enquire into the whole circumstances of the government appoinc incnts.fromthe time the present administration took office down to the present time. It was said that this was only nominally placed by the lion, member for Now Norfolk on the table. It was said that the government plotted, counted heads, and so on, and brought their most trusty sup- porters down to support thom. That was a mode of proceeding very absent from the courso pursued by the opposition. They had not, of courso, met in solemn conclave, excluding the bon. member for Devon from their deliberations Mr. DAVIES rose to order. Ho would explain. He bad been invited to nttond. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: The hou.member was not present nt all events. Mr. DAVIES bad received an invitation to attend the meeting. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL would of course accept tho statement of the lion, member, no (the Attoruey-Goneral) was not ono of their Sir Fertinax Macsycophants who was always booing and booing, and he would not 'slandor any one and especially neither a newspaper Editor or a newspaper Proprietor. However, bo might say that tho bon. momber's speech was an hnuornbln exception to the speechos of those bon. members who considered themsolvos very far his social superiors. Tho resolution now on the table had boen agreed on by that meeting of the opposi- tion, but where was its rocognisod head ? Who was it that should bring forward every ¡nipoitant motion of this kind ? This was a motion of extremo importance, and why was it that it bad been put into a follower's hands ' to bo tabled in that House ? Why did tho leader of the opposition slink in tbo dark behind tho shadow of the bon. member for New Norfolk? Why was it, lie would ask'? Why, but to gratify the safo malevolence of the lion, member. (Hear, bear.) It was therefore when they were told that tbero was plotting on the side of the government, and that they had met together in solemn conclave, that ha asked, what did the opposition do? Ho thought tbo-ministry might well leam a lesson of that kind from them.He was not one of those, nor were his colleagues and supporteis men to deal in little street gossip, and to whisper away tho character of thoso who wera opposed to them. The government, conscious of rectitude, did not descend to tho means adopted by those opposed to them, they did not consider their supporters as a set of sheep, to follow the bell wether, to come when he bloats, and to ran when tho bell tinkles. His wish had always been toset overy measure fairly before them, and to let them be discussed fairly in the House. His desire had been to give cvory time for consideration, and this was what was now termod plotting. The govommcut bad acted perhaps injudiciously. They had boen too careless and conscientious to a fault. Their friends had a right to expect moro confidonco perhaps thnu tbo government had given them, but if that bad been tbo oise they had paid tlio penalty. And it was himself principally who had the mortification of finding his measures on which sn much caro had been bestowed defeated to find gentlemen who were tho friends of tbo go- vernment voting agniust thom from erroneous im- pressions. Thoia wera always thoro on the other sido of tbo Houso ready to pat refractory spirits on the back, to cry " bravo," and to encourage thom with " Go on, we will support you." It was no matter what their private opinions might have boen, they were always prepared to support any. lion, member belonging to the government sido of tho House, who, in tho exerciso of their duty as councillors nnd representatives of tho people, took exception to overy qnes lion whioh tho government brought forward. The members opposite had boen careful that evory such opportunity had bean given thom. (No.) No ; wall lot thom take tbo division lists mid tbo sub- jects. Whore was the bond of cohesion between those gentlemen now ? Wuero was it but in the determination to got rid of tho present government? What ot har cohesion was thoro ? Wore thoy all tbo advocaces of railway progross ? Were the lion mombors for New Norfolk and George Town tho advooatos of railway progress? no had supposed all who bad before opposed the railway would still havo siiDiiotted the government, or still havo re iiiaiiiod on the side of the opposition to railway progress. Was the bon. member, tho leader of the opposition, a raliway man previously ? No, and he lind not becomo one until lils conversion was happily timed with interest ; but batoro,this gentle- man-and he might also add his littlo fiiond, the lion, member for Hobart Town-wore of all men in tho community tho two who most frequently and loudly expressed their opinion against thn Delot'aino line of railway. From sotno reason or other, they had altered their opinions. In the north, there wns nu unholy convocation, called a league, which pledged ovory bon. member within its influence, and threatened all who would not support the Deloraine railwuy. (Mr. Murray : That's not true) He did not say that the loaguo \yaa successful ¡n its endeavors, but it sought to do what ho had said. It was, however, a singular coincidence ¡n tho acts of lion, mombors connected with that league, and tho spcophes of moiuburs of it as quoted in tho public prints from day to day. Thoy sought to cooroo tho go vorn meut, though a small body, and endeavored to muko bon. members believe that thoy were the only source to whom any on« need look to assist thom iu their ambitions aims. A change had cer- tainly come over the dream of the bon. member for New Norfolk. The bon, member for Georgo Town was fortunately made of sterner stuff. Ho was older, nnd (ho would not say honester),bocnuso that would be an imputation on others, but the bon. member would soon find out tbo punish- ment of .his consistonoy, and be would bo soon once moro driven on his wanderings after a constituency unnble to find again even a littlo pocket borough. The bon. member bad noted always in accordance with his conviction, no doubt, and con- tinued of the same opinion which he always was.Bnt where was the bond of cohesion betwoon these gentlemen P Ho had noticed-and others must have done the simo-whan his lion, friend the Treasurer and himself were in their plnces.apenking even against the interests of a largo hody of the com munity, that thosohon.gentlemon wore down below. In what did their cohesion consist ? Ia opposing the present government ? Thero could bo no doubt of it, and under what circumstances ? He would como to that presently, and now he carno to speak of those appointments which he had recommended. What did this motion mean ?-was it to enquire into the 116 appointments ? Was that the honest intention of the motion ? If so, the return was already on the table, and lion, members could pick out any case they pleased. He believed, however, the case of the Solicitor-Geueral and that other which had been mentioned were tho only grounds for the motion. What then? Was it made solely for the gratification of private ends ? Mr. SHARLAND rose to order. Those words were decidedly irregular. The SPEAKER said the expressions were unpar- liamentary. , The ATTORNEY-GENERAL bad merely asked i a question, and bad not sought lo give nn answer himself. The answer would be given there aud elsewhere. Spoaker after speaker had addressed the House, and what did they point out? Tbo two appointments only, and they were told that the appointment to this House was a public seaudal. (Mr. Sharland : Yes.) Yes, and tbo lion, member said he conld not sit down under it. (Mr. Shar- land : Yes.) Yes ! How painfully the bon. mem- ber muBt have felt during the past eight or ten weeks. Why did not tho bon. member come down on the first nigbt of the session and demand an answer from the Treasurer or himsolf.or an enquiry of some kind into this matter P Why did bo not then come down with the paper he had quoted and demand nn enquiry ? Mr. SHARLAND bad not then seen it. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : No.for be did not expect that the paper with such a paiagraph would bo soon on any decent man's table. If the lion.mem- ber alluded to the article he could well understand tlioiewerenotuianywhowouldhavooxpected to see such an ai tide as that. But when brought to notice by the bon. member for Westbury, that gentleman did not seo that it was a public scandal. His friend, however, took care to remind him by banding lum a Blip of paper. (Mr. Dobson. That is not true.) Why was that gentlemnn not the min when the bon. member for Westbury was speaking to inter- rupt him ia tho middle of his speech by banding him a slip of papar, when the bon. member recurred to the subject, and put the matter again iu a more offensive shape. Mr. DOBSON said tbo slip of paper had nothing whatever to do with the subject. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: What a strange coincidence then that the bon.member should pass a slip of paper to another bon. member when speak- ing and when he had passed anray from the subject that he should at once come back and make stronger expressions than bo bad at fliafc dono He believed the government was justified in taking umbrage at this motion, they could not treat it otherwise than as a vote of want of confidence. It was, however, slided in as the vote against the Im- pounding Bill was slided in. There had been plenty of opportunity to bring this matter forward before. Whon the estimates wei a before tho Houso in coinmilteo it was quite compotcnt for any hou. member to ask for an explanation of any of these appointmonts. Why wero tbo questions not nsKod 1 then as to those appointments. No quoätion was asked then, however, but now the matter suddenly became n public scandal, aud must be fully on quired into by a committoe. He would leave tho question of usage to ona wbo wai moro familiar thau bo was with parliamentary practice, viz., the bon. member for Franklin, nud to bim bo would leave tho task of convincing tho House that this motion was unconstitutional and unparliamontnry. When they .spoko of the gentleman wbo bad obtainod tlio situation of Assistant Clerk of that House, ho could appenl to every momber of the Houso wbo had sat there since 1851 up to the timo he had loft tho Houso soma throe or four months ago. He would ask did they ever see him in a state through which bo was unable to discharge his duties with ability and industry. When constitutional government was introduced bore, whou thara was a clash- ing of principles, and when every constituency was singling out its host man, whom did the con- stituency of Hobart Town single out ? Mr. Maxwell Miller. Ho almost a stranger at the time having arrived in 1855, was carried almost unanimously into that House, and ho had filled tho post of a representativo ever since, with credit to himsolf, and to tho entire satisfaction of his constituency. He bud been a most earnest attendant on com- mittees, and bad ever done bis full share of par- liamentary duty. The bou. member for Now Nor- folk had even taunted him with beiug less wise than his younger brother, because ha was not liko bim a promotor of that system that would send the bon. member's own son home with -2200 a year. The Tasmanian Educational Bill, let him inform the honorable member, was the joint production of Sir E. Smith and Mr. Maxwell Miller. Tbo lion, momber for George Town was now enjoying through his son tho benefits of this system. Yet tho bon. member for Ne Y Norfolk carno down and asked why tboy did uot appoint some hireling clerk to this office, whoso serviras could not be of any uso to this Houso, in preference to this gentleman, who wns a man of great expérience, and who had boen an lion, mem- ber of the Houso itself. Mr. Maxwell Miller was one of the first members of the Council of Educa- tion to this day, and the ardent and indefatigable champion of the educational system, a man who, if ho bad his way. would give as liberal an education to the son of the poorest tradesman as to thn son of the richest gontloman in the laud. And yet it was Baid the community owed that gen- tleman nothing. It was said that bo was a needy dopondenl.an expensive banner on. Oh sbamoand degradation, out of the blaok depths of malignity, that such charges should be mado against ono who aimed to be tho neenser's friend I (No, from Mr. Dobsou). The wretohed lad himself was still upon his Blok bed. (No, from Mr. Dobson). Woll, per- haps he had loft the bed, and was hobbling on crutches through the ward of a public hospital,mid yet these chargea wore aimed at him. (Mr. Dobson : They are aiaioil at tho ministry and not at him. I pity him.) Aye the lion, member pitied bim indeed, but what had tho Houso to do with his peculiar circumstances. It was true that Mr. Maxwell Miller was poor, ayo miserably poor, but ifi Uko the honorable member (Mr. Dobson), he bad gone on and gone on, he would not have boen so. It waa, bscause romantically and generously, when his friends wore in a position to serve bim he had not asked them to do BO, but remained, giving the labors of his brain, and the hopes of his young life.to the country that lie had ro ínaincd poor. He had asked for nothing j and nothing not even common gratitude did ho obtain. (Cheers.) No doubt he was miserably poor, but had ha not received this appointment ho might, though some- what late in life, havo carried his talon ts to anothor sphere, whore perhaps thoy would havo boon better appreciated. Ho (Mr. Maxwell Miller) was con- sidered fit to bo Chairman of Committees, and yet ho was regarded as not fit to be Clerk of the House. /(cheors.)And what was thofeoliiigof tho House itself on that point ? Why.that it had placed Mr.Millcr in competition with the powerful mind-ho might say tfio gigantic ability-of the him. member for tho Frankliii, for ho had always said when that lion, member was opposod to him, ns he said now, that thora was not a man in the House, the calibre of whoso mind approached that bon. member's. Well, in competition with that bon. member, Mr. Miller had reeoived the support of the Houso no later than last session to fill the Chairmanship of Committees. (Cheers.) That was tho opinion of tho legislature, Ile (the Attorney-Goneral) bad beon shookod to hoar tho lion, mombor for Longford gol up, his name beiug unrolled with that of tho bon. mombor for George Town, and say thnt he was accusing the government of doing what, ? Of prostituting thoir opportunities by bestowing patronago improperly, oi coriuptioo, and of preferring political claims to nil othor claims. That lion, mombor had voted for Mr. Miller, and then the lion, mombor said " I did it only for political purposes." (Hear, hoar, from Mr. Dodory.) Thoro appeared to him (tho Attorney General) somo inconsistency in that. (No, from Mr. Dodery.) Tho bon. mombor had seen Mr. Miller until tho last occasion on which be appeared in the House, aud hu (tho Attorney-General) defied tho bon. member to say ho had seen any difference in him. The lion, mombor had seen how when tho unfortunate illness of tho Chairman of Committees occurred, tho House at tho suggestion of tho bon. member for Devon(Mr.Davles)iminodiatoly selected Mr. Miller as naturally tho persou to fill the Chair- man'» placo. Yet the bon. member would vote for Mr.Millcr as Chairman ol' Committees, whether from political motives or otherwise, but not for the clerk- ship of tho House. (Hear, hear, from Mr.Dodory.) Sorry was ho (tho Attorney-Geneml) tliatouo whoso mild and unassuming demeanor lind mado so favor- able an impression upon him cry .'hear, hoar," and unbliuhingly avow the principle on which tho lion, member admitted having acted. Ho (the Attorney Geiioral) had now said as much as ho need say on this appointment. Ho had nover appointed Mr. Miller, and had had personally no pilli in tho making of tho nppoiutmout. Indeed delicacy would havo rostrainod him from taking any part in it whether ha wished the appointment mado cr not. At any rato it could not be said that ho had boueflttod by Mr, Miller's political services seeing that during nearly tho whole time that gontlomnn was in tho House they bad differed in political opinions, and sat on opposito sides of the HDUSO. (Choars.) Ho had never recommended Mr. Miller for the office, although tho bon. momber forDovon bad said to bira "I think younro wrong, no Í3 your brother and you aro bouud to do it." Ho therefore had nothing to do with the appoint- ment, nnd when he defended tho government for making it, ho did so ns any stranger to the gentle- man accused might do. Of course it might bo true that tho government were influenced by the con- nection between himself and Mr. Miller. Thoy would be moro or less than men if thoy wore not; but Mr. Miller had claims upon thom fur beyoud any that bo (the Attornoy-Gonornl) had. Mr. Miller had claims for long aud faithful political services.for unrcmuueratcd services. And yot when there was a post vacant for which thoro was no applicant, tho post to which Mr. Newell had sinoo been promoted, did tho govornmont put Mr. Miller into it ? Some governments would not havo hesitated to do so. Had thoro bcon nu Assistant Clark in tbo other House, thora might have boen a difficulty in tho way but thoro was none. It was said that the gentleman who was ap- pointed, had political claims upou tho government. Ho had no such claims, and yet because ho was tho locum filions of tho luto holder of the office, and an old servant, not of tho government, but of the colony, ho was without a word, appointed. Indeed, it was dono almost too hastily, for when he (the Attoruoy-General) was consulted on the matter, he (the Attorney-General had said "of course," without oven thinking that perhaps tho very gentleman ot whose case ho was speakiug might havo better claims elsewhere. But as be was tbo locton iciiens of the previous holder of the office ho was appointed without a thought of the advantage of tho patronage. Ho had now done with this appointment, and would come to otheis which had been named. The government had been tauntoJ. with the appointment of tho Solicitor General. The Houso was told that tho Solicitor General was appointed contrary to the wishos of tho Attorney-General, and that he was appointed behind the back of tho Attorney-General. Tho last statement was utterly unhue in tho BOUSQ in which it was uttered. That Mr. John Compton I Giogson was to bo Solicitor-General he (tbo Attor- ney-General) well know as being the action decided upon by tho mnjority of the executive to which of oui se he was bound to givo way. And why had he not given way earlier ? Because ha was on terms of warm friendship" as ho supposed-at least there was that feeling on his sida-with tho bon. member for Campbell Town, Ho had believed in that bon.momber. He did not believo bim to bo a man of great talents, but ho beliovad bim to pos Ress those more useful qualities of patiout attention aud assiduous application, which would fit him for .a subordinate situation. Ho behoved that iu tho whole colony there was no mau superior to tho bon. - member in tlieso qualities, and nccordiugly ho felt that without cor- ruption ho might givo way to his strong feelings towards that gentleman, and insist upon his ap- pointment in preference to one wbo was to him comparatively a stranger. Ho had so insisted with with all tho warmth of friendship, and lost no op portun'ty of trying to persuade his collongues of the superiority of his (tho Attorncy- Geueral's) can- didate over Mr. Gregson. Yes he had done so, aud well he remembered one remonstrance given to him upon his indiscreet warmth by ono bon. member of tho government who said " You are misled by your indiscreet friendship. You have to deal with a man who to gratify his petty vanity, or to promote his personal interest would sell you like a bullock." (Order,.order, Mr. Knight and Mr. W. S. Sharland rising st the snmo moment.) Mr. W. S. SHARLAND called attention to the language of the Attorney-General. Tho TREASURER: Tho Attorney-Gonornl did not say that ho said that, but that it was said by ono of his colloagues, moaning myself. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that if tho expression was out of order ho would withdraw it n t once. But if bo bad finished the sentence, ho would have said, that ho had iudignaully repudiated tho statement. The result was not a personal quarrel, for ho and his lion, colloagues had novor o pproaehed that, but it had boan the subject matter of n very strong differonce. When ho found that the whole cabinet was against lum, that there was no one with him, and ns it was not a question upon which ho could leave the government, ho had given wny, and Mr. John Compton Gregson had been appointed. And now ho (tho Attornoy-Genei'al) admitted tho superior wisdom of his colleagues, and thanked them that they did uot, ns ho once thought thoy ought to do, givo way. As regardod the fitness of Mr. Grogson for his office ho (the Attorney-General) appealed to the gentleman who bad practised in his court. That gentleman had now been somo months fulfilling the duties of his office, and though ho (the Attorney-Genera!) was aware that his mode of discharging his duty had given offence to ona bon. momber of the Houso, looking to his whole caroor as Solicitor-General, he (tho Attorney-General) could seo nothing to find fault with. Whether that opinion was echoed by the public and the profession, it wa3 for the public aud tbo profession to declare, but on tho day on which Mr. Gregson took his seat as Commissioner cither of tho Insolvent Court or Court of Requests, ho could not say which, a gentleman met bira (tho Attornoy- Genornlj in tho street and said with great glee, " Here, it's throo o'clock in the afternoon.and tho business which would have taken tho whole of tho day lately has boen gone through." (Honr, hoar, from Mr, Davies.) That was something pro- fitable. As to tbo manuor in which Mr. Grogson had discharged his duties as Crown prosecutor, ho (the Attorney-General) bad no occasion to object to it, except in one casa tried at tbo last criminal sittings of tho Supreme Court, and sineo that timo ho had carefully read tho evidenco mid tho sum- ming up of the Judge, and ha could state that thora had been no failure of justice, and that ho could not see that tho jury had not como to a right conclusion or to a conclusion "which llioy would not havo arrived nt with any other counsel prosecuting iu tho case. But during tho interval whilst the question of tho nppoiutment of the Solicitor-General remained unsettled, what elsa had ho (tho Attorney-Gonoral) done ? Looking on the lion, menibor for Campbell Town as tbo pre bablo successor to the office, hu had treated that lion, member ns such, and as junior counsel for tho orown bo lind asked that bon. member, at a timo whan ho was without assistance, whan ho had a largo amount of work to do, with n new govern- ment and a session of parliament approaching, ho had asked tho lion, member's nssistanco in tho mechanical drafting of certain bills which had been brought boforo the Houso during tho present session, ne know although tbo lion, member did not think so, that that assistance wns liberally paid for, but what was the result, when ho had poured out his spirit to tho bon. member, when ho treated that gentleman as his porsonnl colleague, when, if there was any political ad vico which he required as to any political action ho should take, it was to that lion, gentlomnn ho should have lookod as the most confidential person ho could adviso with and that from him, morojthan from any other, ho should have oxpected friendly assistance ? How tho measures were drafted under these circum- stances bo would leave it to tbo House to deoide. The bon. 'member had lost bis opportunity in 1863 from not being Mr. SHERWIN rosa to order. Tho arguments of tho bon. member bad no bearing on the question boforo the House. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL submitted that tho bon. member for Selby wnB not in order in inter- rupting him, Tho SPEAKER said that tho conduct of tho bon. member for Campbell Town was not in qnostion. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERALsnid that of courso ho bowed at once to thoruling of the Sponkor.TIo con- ceived that thequestion wns whether tliogovernmont collectivolyor individually by tho inodoin which thoy mado their appointmons hadlorfeitod tho coufldoiieo of tho House, and ho wished to show lion, membora bow ho had endeavored to fulfil tho duty in his own person. Tho way bo had dosoribod was that in which ho had sought to exercise, his patronage, but it turned out that it was not the modo adopted by tho government, and whether ho (tho Attorncy Gonernl) was right, it was for tho nouso to say. Well what othor pitronngo had he oxorcisod ? Ho thought thoro was a clerkship vacant in the ofllco of tho ltecorder of Titles, and ho loft it to bo fillod by tho Recorder. There was a ines¿onger wanted in tho Recorder's Ofllco in Launceston, mid ho left it to bo fillod by tho Recorder there. _ The only appointment' ho (tbo Attorney-General) had mado which approached corruption, wns the nppoiutmont of the bon. member for Campbell Town's brother to a junior ofllco in tho troasury. (Choors.) Tho young lad was fresh from school, but bo tho (Attornoy Goneral) was not ashamed of tho appointment, for tho boy had entitled himself already to tho confi- dence and osteotn of the department in which he wns placed, but ho (tho Attornoy-Gonoral) wished to point out that tho nppointniont was made in favor of tho bon. momber for Campbell Town's family. That was tho one nppointniont from first to last that ho had mado since ho had been in tbo govorninout, so 'thnt it could bo seen whothor ho was cornupt in this rcspoct. With respect to tbo caso of Mr. Honslowo, al- though he might bo betraying a oibiuet soorob, bo must state that Mr. Henslowo was most unwillingly allowed to leave, mid that in spite of a ?nodical certificate, and his own statomont that it would bo impossible that ho could porform his duties for another session without a cortninty of blindness. Moreover, these certifientoä wore con- firmed by his (tho Attornoy-Geiieral's) own obsor vntions, for ho had noticed during tho last so3-ion that whilst Mr. Honslowo wrote and rend.constnntly whilst tho Hjiiso wns sitting.tbo moment his notivo duties ccasod, and tho Chairman of Cominitloes took bia plnoe, Mr, Honslowo dosed his cyos.to shut out tbo light, nnd givo his fevorud, aching hoad the relief it required. Nevertheless tho government refused to allow Mr. Honslowo to loavo upon tbo medical certificates buhad received, and said, "no, wo think that leave of absonoo for a time would do I.-.UL, i II II ipj.1.11 "munga-^ for yournilmont." And accordingly Mr. Henslowe bad to submit to a second medical examination, and from Dis. Agnew and Bright two honor- able aud intelligent gentlemen of high standing in thoir profession, he obtained_ a much stronger certificate than tho first, stating thnt nothing less than four or five yonrs' rest would afford bim an adequate chnnco of relief from tho terriblo blindness impending over him. And again Mr. Henslowe had shown him (tho Attorney General) a lottei- from India in inference to his appointment there. That "Mr. Henslowe could lire with his family in this colony, or in England on Ü30O a your was absurd. Ho must dio in harness. Ho must savo his oyes.though he should lose his life.. ITo could not remain in the colony on his beggarly pension after his 25 or 2G years' service, but before ho went, ho showed him (tho Attorney-Goneral) tho letter he had referred to. That letter stated that in his new appointment he would have no night work, and very littlo writing at all, and that his duties wero to consist principally in negotiating. In the face of theso facts what government could refuse to let Mr. nenslowo go? The government woro moro machines in the matter. But oven then it was not until just as tho session waB about to begin that the appointment of a successor was made. Tho government had tried as long as thoy could to- put it off, and whilst thoy could savo a penny, the appointment was not made. In The Mercury 'they had been repoatedly twitted for not making the appointment, and that journal said, "never mind the paltry pay." But nevertheless, they went on steadilv. because thev would savo tho last farthing they possibly could. Wus that Uko corruption t ne had now nearly doue. Ho believed and the House must believe that tho government need not shriiikfrom enquiry and thoy would bo i alie ved when bon. meuiboia opposite brought forward any one of tho cases, and put it ia tho full light of day. The government courted investigation, but when hon. members asked them to submit to the surveillance of tho opposition, aud to offer every appointment thoy had made down to the washerwomen of a charitable institution for criticism thoy asked what no government should submit to though it was what a government might submit to if composed of tho opposition. (Laughter.) Tho first meeting over held by tho government was held in conse- quence of their own supporters coming round and asking " Do you moan to submit to this ? Do yo» mean to trent this motion as anything but a want of confidence?" Well a meeting was held and the Premier was present. Hon. members shonld hear what took place, for thero had boon no plotting or caballing. The govoininont said that looking on this resolution as a voto of want of confidence they could treat it as nothing olsc. It was said that the government, tried slily to got a vote of confidence but. what had they done ? Thoy asked tor time to onaoie nil lion, members to be present, and all metnbers but one who remained away relying on lils pair were now present. Every question which could bo raised on a voto of want of confidence could bo raised on this motion, but no, the opposi- tion wanted a littlo moro time. Even when at length thoy wore brought to bay, thoy dared not meet their opponents. When the ministry pioked up their challenge, they asked for a littlo more delay, a littlo more writing down in the publia press, a little moro talking at street corners. They had a sort of Micawborish feeling that something might turn up, and upon that they relied to put out the government. Lot the House either by granting the investigation or refusing the vote of want of confidence, give them notice and they would not find much unwillingness on the part of the government to leave their places. (Cheers). Mr. DOBSON wished to say two or throo words in explanation which would meet part of tho personal attack mndo upon bim. Ho referred to the govern- ment work ho had performed, or what the lion, the Attorney-Gonoral had callad the mechanical workof drafting bills. He (Mr. Dobson) looked on that as the highest kind of work. The only bill which ho had drafted and that was uot road a second time was the Rural Mumcipali'ies' Bill, and ho had taken ex- ception to tho modo of creating muuicipipalitias and the power to dismiss the wardens Tho TREASURER roso to order. Tho lion: mombor was not speaking in explanation. The SPEAKER rulod that tho lion, momber was not in order. Mr. DOBSON said ho waB referring to what had boen said by the lion, tho Attorney-Gonoral. Tho SPEAKER said tho lion, member could only correct any misrepresentation mado by tho Attor uey-Gonoral. Mr. DOBSON submitted that bo was in order. . Tho SPEAKER thought the bon. momber was going beyond the bounds of explanation. Mr. DOBSON said ho had beon misrepresented by tho bon. tho Attorney-General in this respect, that tho lion, member hod stated that bo (Mr. Dobson) opposed the bills ho had drafted. Now, the only bill bo had drafted and opposed was tho Municipalities Bill and whoa that Bill was given over to him, the first 19 or 20 sections were in tho lion, the Attorney-General's own handwrit- . ing. That portion contained tho objectionable provisions ho had first referred to, and tho portion as to the dismissal of wardens was inserted after tho bills loft his hnnds. The ntatemont of the Attorney-General was, therefore, an absolute mis- representation, and ho believed the bon. the Attornoy-Goneral would bear him out in this. Tho TREASURER rose again to order. Tho hon. member was not confining himself to explanation. Tho Attorney-General said that a groat deal of what tho lion, momber was stating was incorrect. If this was allowed the debato would never oud. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL said tho hon. member for Campbell Town had opposed the bill as being unnecessary legislation. Mr. DOBSON : And bad in printiple. Mr. BALFE said ho bad lionrd a good deal had boen said of what woro called the thick and thin -supporters of tho government. He trusted that although ho might be amongst the thick, ho was not amongst tho thin supporters. (Laughtor.) no spoke as a porfectly ¡udopendont member of parliament, and ho was not at all bound to the present ministry. But ho bollovod that the principle of reproductive works now about being developed by tho govermnont was what the salvation pf tho country depended chiefly upon. Ho saw that effort waa being mado on the part of the govern- ment to carry out this great principle, and as it was tho first effort of tho kind mado he looked with groat caution upon motions of tho doscription now before the House. (Hoar, hear.) Ho knew and felt the force of tho interruption of nn bon. member who Bnid " Are you going to burke onquiry ?" That was n vory iraportaut question,'and any bon. mem motnbor who ns3iiniod the responsibility of repre- senting others, assumed a great responsibility if ho nttomptcd to cushion enquiry. He (Mr. Balfe had always boon in favor of enquiry. Ho was in favor of a good strong opposition and of froe-dom of dobnto which placed the mini-jtrjr and ejecutivo of the day in thoJpositioTi of men who ought to bo watched. (Hoar, bear.) Now wai ho consistently with that principle to vote for a burking of this enquiry ? Ifo said ho was. (Hear, hoar, from Mr. Murray) boeauso it was not a bona jilla enquiry wfco appointments announced to the [louse. If bon. members disclaimed any such inten- tion thoy had a perfect right to pursue their own tactics but with all duo respect to them this motion could not bo regarded in any other light than as a direct vote of want of cottfidence.Any administration which would submit to have an enquiry made into their appointments on tho score of corruption-let lion, members mark, on tho score of corruption ought not to be in power, and was ' not fit to bo ontrusto.l with the government of any country. That ho distinctly asserted. Tho lion, mombor for New Noi folk bael takeu oxcoptioti to ono appoint- ment, but he (Mr. Balfe) was not going into that question, Ho would not presumo to treat upon that subject. Of course, all mon had relations of a cortain description. But tho lion, member lim! said that one objection ho had to the appointment was tlmt it WHS not mudo an or con- sultation with tho Speaker. That was ono of the charges of tho lion, member, and ho hud said in sup- port of it that in Now South Wales before such an appointment was made a consultation took place batwoon tho Speaker and the executive. Of course, if tho circumstances were tho same boro as in New South Wales tho snme course should bo pursued.. If thero was a pro-arrangement to that oiloot the executive would be bound to consult the Speaker, but was thero any snob ngrcomont hero ? No, the appointment hail always beon mado without any reference to tho Speaker. Tho Spoakor's nomina- tion would no doubt givo confidence In the appoint monts. But was thora over any ngrcomont mado to that effect here ? Did tho ciroumstnncos whioh existed in Now South Wales exist in this colony t No, decidedly not. Was there any arrangement bctwoon thoSpoakoi* and (ho oxecntivo. Mr. SnARLAND snid that in Now South Wal« tboro was no arrangement with the previous ministry. Tho arrangement wns only with the oxisting ministry. Mr. BALFE said that ho had spnlcon in reply to tho hou. member for Devon, who had ontorod on tho question with noonsidorablo amount of informa- tion. Ho wished to show that bon. mombor that tho oases oited hy him did not apply to the CAM beforo tho House at all. Tho first oaso cited by the lion, member for Davon was that of Mr. Stonor, That gentleman was, upon tho report of a select oommitteo of tho nouso of Commons, distinctly censured for bribery and corruption in tho oaso of tho roturn of Mr. Townloy for tho borough of Sligo. That report of tho committoo waa on rooord in the papera of .tho Houso. Th«l ngain, tho lion, member had cited the caso of Mr, Lawley, That case also was quite dis- similar to tho enso now iii quostion, There wat an oxprcss regulation of tho Jockey Club, by which Mr, Lawloy was oxoluded from tho dub for non- payment of his debts, and whioh was ripped up by somo persons at tho timo of his appoiutmont. Tho cases wore therefore not parallel with that of whioh ho wns spoaking. The records of McssrB. Lawley and Stouor's guilt woro established boforo thoy wort appointed, but in tho oilier case tho unfortunate occiu'i'Qiico took plnoo aftar tho appointment waa made And then tliero was another point. Honoiable members wcie asked continually bad not the House power to review the appointments of the government? He acknow- ledged at once that tho House had that power, and ought to have it, (hear, hear.) But then bad not the House a light to íefuse reviewing thom? (Hear, bear.) Had it not th it power ? And in this particular instance it was not tim ministry that would refuse enquiry, but the Houso. And he bad no hesitation in baying that the only meeting be was at since he bud come to town, ho had said, and nn doubt it lind struck bim in the snmo light ne other honorable member--, that this ims a dil ect vote of want of confi (once. And if the ministiy lind not taken ¡tai a voto of want of con- fidence they shuni J never have had his (Mr. Bulfe's) vote. All the cases cited lind i oferenco tj special nnd individual cases, but no teference to general appointments, and the former did not aflî'ct the stability of a ministry. Tu tho case of the present ministiy thero bud bee» 116 appointments. It bad been said by bon. members that tbo whole cf there appointments were not objected to, but coull anybody misunderstand what was meant ? Only tiro dises had been brought forward, but why not question them when fie cstiniatps were undor con sidóíation? Were th»y piecluded fioni doing bo, or compelled to buike enquiry? Hon. members had votsd the eulaiiid, and now they carno down to ask tho House at the eleventh hour to go into a genet al onquiry as to all the appointments of the government. What was that but n vote of want of confidence ? Houoia.ble members inubt bo guide! by circumstances. There was a poweiful opposition, and there were great interests at stake, as, foi' intanc -, the Launceston and Deloraine Rail- way. He had always supported that line because hobeliovod it would bo a public benefit.but he would never consent to sacrifice to it tho interest of the whole countiy. Viewing all tim consequences, and seeing that it would prodnce such nn interruption to tho public business, ns must injure tho country ho wns not prepared to voto for the motion. In doing so ho would not be pel forming his duty, and would bo unfaithful to the principios which wero approved by his constituency. Whan ha saw that the schemu of reproductivo works would bo imperilled and viewed all tbe suirounding circum- stances of the case ho could not vrto for the motion. So long back as 1850, ho recollected that ho had brought forward a motion in the nouso having paitioular rofeicnco to the gontloman whoso naiuo lind beau under consideration, and the premier of tbo day Sir F. Smith had objected to it, and it was refused. The opinions which Sir P. Smith bad expressed so fully on that occasion wei o recoided in the uoA'spnper which bo (Mr. Balfe) held in his band. He was much puzzled to recon- cile tbcm with tbo views of some bon. members now. ne trusted the House would not under the pretext of enquiring into the conduct of particular officers risk the position of tlio ministry, but that it would givo the government an opportu- nity of developing its policy. His opinion was that no greater calsin'ty could befal tho country than that the effoits of bon. members in the oppo- sition should preventtbo government fiom carrying on their scheme of public works, for that was the great object tho country had in view, and tbo only principle upon which, in his mind, the future pros- perity of tho couutry rested. No doubt there might bo modifications of the scheme, but to bacrificetbe piactical piinciple.and place ¡tin nbcyanco by a voto of want of confidence, which hn believed was suggested by the railway league would bo most injin ious to the country. Ho had intended to say nothing upon the question, and as to the character of some of ¿ho observations which bad boon made ho deeply logretted thom. He was sorry to boar thoso observation!1, for when bon. members came to consider, who was fit to judgo others. (Hoar, hoar.) Dr. SHARLAND said as to the appointment of Mr. Miller it did not anpear to him that that gon tieinan wns not fully qualified. Ho (Dr. Sharland) had not been long a member of the House1, but be had seeu something of Mr, Miller, and be bad never found that gentleman disqualified fiom acting as a member of the House. Ho thought, therefore, that so far tbô ministry wero justified in making the appointment, nnd as to what bad occuirod binccho had no wish to allude to it. He regretted very much that such a serious accident should have in capacitated Mr. Miller from the perform- ance of his duties, and lie held that the door of reformation should not be shut against any person. He could not bring him- self to believe that the ministry had beon guilty of corruption. As to the charge about the vaccinatoi'B, there was one gentleman in his neighborhood who had no connection with tho government, and who rocolvod ¿6125 a year. He also thought that the goTornm'ciit had carried out thoir promises of ro trcucliinent, aud ho should tlieie."oie suppôtt the fimondmont of the bon. member for Hobart Town, Mr. Allison (bear, hear). Mr. PERKINS believed that he had caused all thin confusion ,by his motion, asking for cm tain returns, but ho had not tho slightest idea when bo placed that motion on tho paper that this discussion would take placo ; but bis wish w s to seewhether the government bad carried out their promise of retrenchment. Thoro was a sum of about £11,243 over the salaries and expenses of last year. He jiadhad no intention of going into the character of these appointments, tie was satisfied that the pre ceodingRof the ptesent government had not boon , iboEC of economy. It was, understood that they would take mon off their pension list to fill up cer- tain ofiico-, instead of taking on fic3h bands. Ho kaw thoy had to pay a pension of over .£200 to a gentleman who had îoeoiitly boon lemovod from t'io printing office uni who would have been glad to havo taken tho office of Assistant Clerk in that Houso at a salary of ¿8300 a year. (The bon. member then lefonod to othergontlemon who woro quite fitted for appointments.) Ho would say to tho gentlemen on tho other side that ho did not h'eliovethey weio ripe for a change yet, and bo would not vote upon this as a motion of want ol' confidence, (hear, he ir) but ho must oppose thoso appointments. The enquiry should bo " Could you not do without thom?" and he had lind no intention of going any fin thor whet ho mado the ¡motion alluded to. Ho would say that thoy weio not in a position to hour this additional expenditure. It was well known that whoa those appolntmonts were mado the common «bbervations wero " They have disposed of another." Hu believed those appointments were not what was i»uecte4 from tho ministry, and he would say that ¿ibé of them was unfitted to perform tbo duties of his .tmce. Did nat tho Treasurer last night bring a letter td the House, and ask tho Clerk to read it as he could not do BO. (Mr. Mun ay : No.) He said it was so bad lia could not read it, and however talented tbo gentleman in question was they wanted ttClerk whose writing could be icad. He was with the ministry in everything but those appointments, au-'l if a voto of waut ef confidence was brought forwnru uo»* Wednesday evening be would tell tbo ".n;0t,.t, n," *. bo would voto with thom, but he must ipÔsethemto-n^W. With regard to the gentle e bau hepel to see his resignation the HouC tbnt evening, lind his friends, ii" f'hoy were true isohim todo so. (ui"»"» W ho miniflfÊ'v lind a snlinmn ,.5-OrO oppose them to-nibl -, ,.- ,. . - .. man in question bel.au4 «epel to see his resignation on the table of the Hout? that evening, nnd lie thought that friouds, would advise 1 He believed that the ministry had a schomo thom that would be of benefit to the country, anu ho would support thom in it. They need not fear tho opposition, but two or tbreo of their own mem- bers, who would not support them if tuoy^bould be guilty of any corruption. Let thom net in a straight- forward manner, and thoy need not fear. Mr. KNIGHT said that tbo lion, member for Franklin admitted that that side of the Houso had a perfect right to make the onquiry, and he would ask if that lion, momber bad not shown that it wns upon this principle that enquiries took place. The han. member said that these leproductive works would be very useful, and why should thoy bo cheeked. Ho (Mr. Knight) would Bay that when the report of the committee waa brought up, bo should not wonder to see a recommendation for a nice little grant for the -distiict of tbo hou. momber for Franklin. What were tho argumonts of tho Attorney-General ? That gentleman wbo was or ought to bo the head officer of the law, told them as plainly as words could speak that tho bon. member for Campbell Town was the fittest for the office of Soiicitor-Gencrnl,and /yofcho allowed the ministry to appoint another .gentleman. Tbo Attornoy-Gonornl had told thom 'during the pio:ont session when a bill was intro- duced contiining downright nonsense that ho had ?left it to a cloik in the office. The bon. member for ? Eobait Town snid tliut he approved of the measures introduced by the ministry. Did ho then approve of tho withdrawal of the Rural Municipalities and other bills ? With referenco to the appointment of the brother of tho honorable member for Campbell Town bo (Mr. Knight) would . .venture to say that that young', mau would never disgrace the position he filled. It bad been . shown that there was oause for tho present onquiry. Mr. MURRAY bad patiently listened to the argu- ments that had been brought forward by various bon. members, and so far as be could see, all the \- argumenta were dircctid ngainst the appointments of two gentlemen, and he was glad t' find that nil that bad been said against tho present Solicitor ..General, must go for nothing. When he heard the . lion, member for Campbell Town spunking of a gentleman, being nrrested for debt, be thought that that bon. gentleman mubt have f ir ' gottju his own father and alt near and dear to bim. '_ When ho had heaid him speak of u gentleman superior to tbut bon. momber in bit th and educa- tion, mid i bo could stand l.efoie the constituents . of Hobait Town und hold up Ids bond when tho other mun would bo kicked out, ho (Mr. Mun ay) i Miislii-J to bear tho lionor.ablo member. If , the piui,¿itt ministry bad political objects in view, . they would havo kuown that thoy uara losing ono ol'their be-t suppoitors and yet thoy said that thoy -, woio willing to t.uego bib suppoit, iu order to le- eward a faithful adboiont. Mr. Miller bud always , bean totnrnol by an overwhelming mnjority, and . be believed that if a vnoiuoy occurioJ, ho could be , ireturuo I now. Was the. o any corruption in the min , i»try thus depriving themselves ot a tried supporter P When ho read the speech of the bon. member for Selby in thnt morning's paper, for he had not beard it, nnd saw the remarks directed against a fellow creature.and tho statement that tbecountry groaned in consequence of the .appointment of Mr. Maxwell Miller, he wondered that a man could have the absolute impudence to call himself a Christian gentleman. He(Mr.Mnrray) was notastonishednfter that to hear of gentlemen preaching in chapels and on hedges, and theu villifying their follow créatures as some persons had been villified. Each f ittintion in the public sei vice was submitted sírtaíini by the ministry, and why couU not objections to these ofliee-i have been taken at that time. The govern- ment were always rt-ady to listen to any suggestions On the subject. When the honorable member lor Frauklin brought forward his motion with regard tj the Public Works concerning the report that a bribu hal been received by an officer in that department, the moment he (Mr. Balli) heard the ourse that the government intended to pursue, he said that it was clearly his duty to withdraw the motion. No charge hal evrr been laid a-jains Mr. Maxwell Miller, and he be'ioved none had ever bean made against the present Solicitor-Genei al He stood thero to defend «n absent friend, and if any man would say anything against bim, beyond the preoincts of parliament, lie would be ready to defend his friend ti the last drop of his blood. Let tho owho belonged to the newspaper that published the repoit of the gentleman iii question falling out of the window-let those who published his shame look tothemselvcs,and if they could exhibit as clean asbeet thoy might thank God Mint thoy had gone through life without the commission of many sins. He would not have spoken so long, but in defence of an absent friend, nnd any remarks he had made were uttered in a defensive spirit. He felt that any charge brought against the ministry had failed, and he would support thom on the pi osent occasion. Mr. ADAMS Baid it was very well known they might have too much of a good tbing.nnd he thought the Houso would admit that they had had too much of a good thing, for thoy lind listened to no less than three indignation speeches that evening, and the last ono appoared to bu founded ou the model of the two first. Then ho had attempted to millee attacks but could not do so. He did not know to whom ho was alluding. Ho had Bpokcn ol' ouo for whom be (Mr. Adnms) had a great regard. But oven if ho had not he should bo afraid to say anything if he was to have to fight the lion, member tor Launceston out of doors. It was was quito enough to have to contend with the Chronicle, without having to fight the han. member for Launceston. He must he supposed speak with bated breath. There had been personal attacks made and motives imputed. It was said that the Treasurer made the first attack by styling bon. members " leaguers." Ho did not know what bo meant. He was an opponent of the government, but ho bad nothing to do with the railway. What ' had ho to gain by it ? (The Treasurer : A seat for Launceston when you are turned out of Hobart Town.) He bad no doubt the bon. Treasurer, after all he had heard to-night, was a little distui bed in his intellect. He bad voted for the railway on in- dependent grounds. He hoped the bon. member for Hobart Town would withdraw his motion. (Mr. Allison: No.) Then it would havo the effect of preventing the vote of want of confidence from being brought forward, but if it wns brought forward, lie should be found opposing the government. He had no desire to defend the bon. member for Campbell Town from the attacks of the Attorney-General. That bon. member was excited , no doubt, buthe went too farin imputing treachery. But what would be said* when that bon. member was Solicitor-General under the bon. member for Campbell Töwu ? It was well known that in plmost every case the Solicitor-General was in opposition to the Attorney-General. If there was any treachery it might be said to' bo in this case, but he did not think there was any. But whether the remarks wera in good tasto bo would leave it to the House to decide. It had boen asked why this had not been brought forward bafore. Thero had been a kind of motion brought forward by toe membur for Kingborough who had complained that ho was unnble to got the informa- tion he sought. It had been asked why tho bon. member for Campbell Town had not brought it for- ward. But if thoy looked at England they would find that a motion of tl.is kind was seldom bl ought forwatd by the leader of the opposition. As to the appointments be said nothing. His tongue was tied. He bad long known and regaided the tiro geutleuion, and had voted for Mr. Miller as Chair- man of Committees. But if he had voted for lum yeai s ago when ho was qualified for the office, he had to-night beatd fuotB stated which bad thoy been known lo tbo ministry should have prevented the appointment from being made. It had been said that this matter should havo beon brought for- ward when the estimates wore under discussion. But he hud heard such n com se deplored and had been told that they should vote for the office and not for the tuan. Hu now came to a question on which gi eat stress had been laid, whether the precedents which bad beeu cited were pertinent. The Attorney-General would not touch it.butsaid ho left it for a greatiutellect to aigue. The bon. mem- ber bad not brought forward any precedent himself but had contended that in England the offences bad been committed before the appointments were made,-but that was not tho cuse here. But he (Mr. Adams) said it was before tho gentleman was unpointed, and it should have been known to the ministry. If they did not know It, thoy should have enquiied into it. It was with gieat pain ho mado these remarks, for be had a groat regatd for the gentleman who had caused thom. Mr. ALLISON explaiued that he said " no" because his amendment waa on the table belora tho motion of tho bon. member for Campbell Town. The TREASURER said thoy had been here for six hours, und what had they leaint? the last speaker had said if the Ministry had knowu his i infirmities, they should not have appoiuted him, but ho did uot know whetl'or the ministry know it or not. Now, it was singular that that bon. member had confidence in the ministry, but twelve months ago, but now when the ministry IWB got them out of debt-when ho (tho Tieasuier) had proposed a return ol reproductive woi ks-and had .£30,000 in hand towards it- ho said ho had no confidence in tbem. AB to the honorable member for Kingborough,(Mi'.Poi'kius,) he said the salaries and expenses for 18(54 woro JE255,000,and for 18G5 theie were £266,09 *?, being an increase of £11,243, and hu asked if this was not a ground for enquiry? If he bad looked into the estimates bo would have found it tbo very" revet se. The lion, ] member then went into the items of inciease, and showed that the salaries for 1865 wera 413,459 less than for 1864, and that of the increase .£2,800 was for the Government House at Launceston, and ¿£2,168 for the Survey Department, while in the land fund there was añ ¡no ease of üíl.OOO. Yet the lion, member for Kingborough, a man of business, said that that was the reason be should vote against tbo government to night. The bon. member then referred to his scheme of re-productive works, and said he expected to have received a considerable amouut of support, especially from the bon. member for Devon, in whose district largo suma wero to be spent. Ho did not anticipate that referring the scheme to a select committee would be made into a want of confidence. They could not be surprised, therefore, at his ndopting the present motion as on6 of confidence or not. He then read a letter from a resident at the Cam, approving of the scheme of reproductive works. Ho hoped how over, that he would havo sufficient aid to carry his sobemo through tho parliament. As to the bon. member for Campbell Town, ho was shocked at bia speech, but sufficient had been said to show the disgust which the House felt at his conduct. He then referred co vati*us appointments made by the lato ministry, and contended that tbpy wero indeed corrupt, and that there had been nothing like it since tho present ministry had been in office. With regard to Mr. Honslowo, ho was entitled to retire, aud ho sa* with a Treasurer's oye.that there would be a saving of ¿870 a year by it. Ho had not, therefore looked I as closely into tbo certificate as he otbei wise might have done. Thaïe was nothing to answer in all tnat had boon Enid. It was ¡ike Pepper's ghost, nothing tangible, and when they went near ittbeie was nothing to touch. Ho hoped tho decision would be tbnt ho had tho conlidenco of tho House. Mr. DAVIES explained that with rCBpeut to tho select committee, tho Treasurer bad been disin- genuous, nnd bo could say that what the Trea- surer said was noL correct. Mr. DODERY said tbo report of the committee was sntisfuotory to the Treasurer, and yet ho enid he was doing all be could to obstruct the works. The TREASURER said bo bad not alluded to the bon. member at nil. Mr. DODERY said that the Treasurer had made , a mis-statement. He nnd the member for Devon ' had moved the resolutions on reproductive works in thecommittee.and bo would help to carry them out in the House. As to the appointmeut of Mr. Miller bo bad voted for bim because he believed Mr. Balfe had voted unfairly iu the election of the Speaker. Noone who had replied on tlie pait of the government bad answere'd his charge that the situation had been given to Mr. Miller wheu there wero others wbo had better claims to the office. Mr. HORNE siid that wheu the motion was first placed on the ?paper, ho believed that it was a direct vote of waut of confidence in too government. What were the charges against tbo ministry P What did they result in p In an accusation that might be u death warrant. Had they not been investigating cbaiges all tho night, and wheio were tho charges? Why if Mr. Miller lind been subjected to epileptic fil3 tho same charge would hold good. They had no right to look intoulwrges wbioh wera notngaiutt tho pelton uot being able to disehnrgo his duties. It may bo said that an officer was drunk going into tho Police Ollico-lliut would bo a eburg-» against him. But mppose he lind been to a friend's houso and got drunk, would that bo a churgo ngiiiiibfc being able lo do his duty. There lind been no one ublo to say that be wus not competent. That ho was not a gentlemau of education, talent and abilities. As to the Solicitor General, tbere bad been no charge against bim, and be did not think there was ti better lawyer than he was. Ho would not have read the paragraph from the Examiner to snvo lils life, it was such a monstrous production. The House could not donioie than it had done. The ministry had taken the motion as one of want of confidence, and really nil the cases required to be iuvestigsted.wero two. Thero wns no necessity tor thi» sweeping motion. How the questions which had been biought foiwaid that night could have any connection «¡Hi the motion, ho could not tee. Thoy had lefened to Mr. Henslowe-'s case nnd others. Mr. Hull's caso oven was mentinued, hut he believed had that goutleinan not been pro- moted to this position, there would bave been u gi eat outcry against the government. Mr. GREGSON rose to «peak to the amend- ment. The SPEAKER said the lion, jnenber hud spoken to thn whole question. Mr. GREGSON bad never spuken on the amend- ment. The TREASURER said the amendment was made on the pievious day. The SPEAKER said the bon.- member had spoken on the whole question. Mr. GREGSON insisted that be had not spoken to the amendment at lill. The SPEAKER : Tho bon. member ansuercd argument for and againet tho amendment. Mr. GREGSON resumed his seat. Mr. SHARLAND suid the bon. member for Franklin said he was uot ptepared lo be the censor of auy man. This was realty a now doctrine. They had policemen and many other minor officers dis- missed every day after enquiry. This matter had gone to the world through the press and ho aid not en re for the chai actor of tho paper. He did not blush for what he bad read or for asking for cuquiry. The perBon accused WOB entitled to enquiry alone, especially as the truth or falsity of the state- ments wus neither admitted nor disputed. The Treasuier bad given a false turn to the affair. He said the qualification of this gentleman was that he had been returned by the constituency of Hobart Town. This was really no qualification. He had muda nochaigCi, against any mau, and be did not blush for anything he lind sahl. This gentleman had a right to be picsotit in this Houso during the Se8sion,but by some inadvei tonco be bad gone out of tho window. Ho thought thero was every icason for enquiry. Mr. MURRAY called attention to the fact that thai e was no house. ijevcr.il members entered, aud Mr. SHARLAND said it was the goverment benches which were empty, aud it looked as if th°y wnnted to got rid of this matter by a count out. No doubt the ministry would defeat this motion, but he thought it should have been made, aud he theiefore brought forward the motion. The oppo- sition had only dono their duty in bringing it ior ward, and Ibeie was no doubt the government were longawaie of the facts which had been rcfeired to. It waa only fair aud right that enquiry should be demanded. He bad nothing to Bay about tho Solicitor- General. He merely said that informa- tion should bo given to the House as to whether this was a political or a perma- nent appointment. They wero accused of banding together. Well, if the Treasuier thought be was going to govern this country without oppo- sition, the sooner representative government wns done away « ith the better. This iufoi m at mu could not bo obtained at the time tho estimates were pio duced, and a committee was the propei course*. Had hon. members met this mutter faiily, they would not have found the motion of want of confidence tabled, which bad been bl ought foi wai d that clay. It was said this was a matter for private en- quiry. He did not admit that. The Houso waa thb bar through which all these matters should be investigated, and he did not know any- thing about private enquiries. It would have boen far better bad the gentleman who now I did the woik of Clcik Assistant been appointed to the office. It would have bceu more satisfuctoiy. He should like to Bec all appointments in that House under the direction of the Speaker, and he hoped it would soon be so. The bon. Attorney Geueral had had gi eat latitude allowed him, and ho bad ceitainly taken advantage of it. The bon. member had used language towaids the bon. mem- ber for Campbell Town, and towaids his family which was to say the least of it disgraceful. Ho hoped the hon. member regretted that part of his ( speech at all events. Tlio TREASURER : I hopo he does not. Mr. SHARLAND: I hopo bo does; for the expressions he mado use of wero most shameful. The TREASURER: I say they wero not. Mr. SHARLAND: I say thoy were. To mako use of such expressions towaids tho family of a member of this House wus most disgraceful, and if | anybody bad a right to blush, it was tbo bon. member. (The Treasurer: I say no. Order,order.) Ho (Mr. Sharland) would not say moro at present, but would leave tho motion in tho bands of the House. The motion that the words proposed to bo struck out stand part of the question, was then put aud nogatited. A division was called for,whioh resulted as follows :- , Ayes 10. Messrs, Sharland, Dodory, Knight, Douglas, Sherwin, Davies, Dobsou, Adams-, Lette, aud Swan (teller). Noes 16. The Treasurer, Attorney-Gone al, Dr. Sharland, Messrs. Allisou, Hodgson, Gregson, Hayos, Balfe, Jamos Lord, Murray, Walker, Lewis, Rose, Degraves, Horne, J. Lord (teller). The motion for the addition of the words of the amendment was then put and cat ried. A division was called for,which resulted as follows : Ayes 16. ' The Treasurer, Attorney-General, Dr. Sharland, Messrs, Allison, Hodgson, Gregson, Hayes, Balfe, James Lord, Walker, Lewis, Rose, Degraves, Horne, J. Lord, Mnrrny (teller). Noes 10. Messrs. Sharland, Dodety, Kuight, Donglas, Sherwin, Davies, Dobson, Adams, Swan, Letto (teller). I The motion was then put and carried. The House then adjourned. 