"FOR EVER."* [BY AN ADMIRER OF HENRY KENDALL.] Out of that "BODY" for ever, And wrung very much in the wither, A PREMIER that wasted his chances Has come to the length of his tether! The voices of those who had trusted Are, murmuring, borne on the blast, Crying loudly and fiercely--"JAMES MARTIN, Your hour of sunshine is past! Thy auricles prick up, and listen To what these wild murmurers say, That the idol of brass which they worshipped, Has its head and its feet made of clay." One saith:--"It is well that he goeth Afar from the scene of his shame, Pursued by the Ghost of Protection, And haunted by lost hopes of Fame! See, how he fleeth, my brothers, Midst the jeers and the gibings of those Who welcomed his advent to power, Till he made them his bitterest foes! The reptile that stings the warm bosom Which shelter and succour extends, Is an angel of grace when contrasted With the recreant traitor to friends! This soul hath been one of those "dodgers," Who, with coats of deceit on their backs, Seek Power to give them a license Man's Freedom and Knowledge to tax! Now, had he been faithful in striving, And warring with wrong to the knife, He had gained the applause of a Nation, And made a fast friend of Bell's Life!" A second:--"Lo, Power was tempting, Its radiance dazzled his eyes, So he stifled the whispers of conscience, And recklessly grasped at the prize! It lured him--that gew-gaw resplendent, To bask in its glittering rays, Till, moth-like, the bright flame adoring, He fell with wings singed in the blaze! Was it well, oh, you shameless deceiver, When your country again and again, Groaned bitterly under her fetters, To rivet more links on her chain?" And another:--"You offered Protection, Yet no one amongst us but sees, And knows the protection you offered Was that of a femme compromise! Henceforth, will thy name be a by-word, A sham, a delusion, a snare; Men's 'golden opinions' you've wasted, Henceforth be thy portion--Despair! Soul that hath ruined us shiver! The voice of a Nation doth cry; With character tarnished for ever, Wrap thy face in thy mantle, and fly! Drifting from popular favor, Detested of those you've deceived, Your pathway henceforth will be downward, Thy word never more be believed! Your short-sighted schemes for Protection In the grave of the past now are laid, While springing to life from their ashes Shall, Phœnix-like, flourish FREE TRADE!" Out of that "Body" for ever, No refuge--no succour--no stay-- Floateth that truculent spirit Away--and away--and away! *[It is almost akin to desecration to parody the beau- tiful poem of Henry Kendall; but, as we last week took a similar liberty with that wonderful composition of Edgar Poe--"The Raven," we trust Australia's most promising poet will pardon the writer's presumption.] 