I MISCELLANEOUS. S A SAD STOUT.-Some timo ago a young'lady, who i moat respectably connected, went to reside for a fei weeks at an hotel in Liverpool. A middle aged gentle man, a captain of a barque, was living at the same place and an intimacy seems to have sprung up between; Hr and the young lady. From tho disparity of age of th parties and other things the intimaoy seems to ;hav escaped tho notice of the other residents nt Hie hotel. J fortnight ago, howevor, the captain sniled in his vessel and tho young woman left tho placo under the prctenci of visiting some relative, but her frionds were led to sus peet that she had gone off with tho captain. A neal relative of hers went to Holyhead, and found her thon with tho captain on board Iiis ship, but, despito all on treaties, she refused to leave him. As, however, it wm discovered that she lind taken a shawl with her belonging to a female relative, a worrant was procured for hoi apprehension on tlio ohargo of felony, and she was thei brought back to Liverpool, but no evidence being offeree against ber, she was discharged, her friends taking bei under their care. She was convoyed homo, but ofter re- maining there a short timo she managed to get away. Il is stated that she went to Holyhead ngnin, and thero mel witli tho captain, whose vessel was still lying nt that placo During the tórrido galo on Thursday, tho vessel which tho captain commanded was wrecked near Holyhead, and ho and all the rest of tho crew were drowned. It is oise stated that the body of a female, whose description answered to that of the lady in question, was found oil tho beach at Holyhead, and there is too much roason to fonr that she has been drowned also.-Liverpool Mer' eura. TUB AUTHOR, AT REHEARSAL.-In my imagination, I had always pictured a stage rehearsal as a very pleasant affair. Realising it I found that, as the author, I wns regarded as an enemy by every one who had a port in the piece; ond that I had not only modo oil of them inimical to myself, but to each other. Tho leading low comedian and tho leading young lady had been on tho best terms possible until I sowed tho seeds of discord between them by providing them respectively with the parts of Jack and tho Giant. Jock confided to mo privately that, so far as tho lines woro concorned, sho would much rather havo been the Giant ; wi ile tho Giant protested, for! tho san.o ronson, that ho would have infinitely preferred to bo Jack. Thoro was only one point on which they were unanimous, and that was in their hatred forme, and their envy of ench other. The discontent of these two was so unreasonable that I could treat it with iudifferonco ; but it cut mo to tho quick to be pitifully informed by the second old mun, whom I had been partly instrumental in casting for Mother Hubbard, that his lino of business, until ho lind joined that theatre, had been tragedy, and that ho hud boen accustomod to enact Macbeth and Coriolanus. I had a follow feeling for tho second old man, and contd havo sympathised with him if he had only been commonly civil. But he would insist on altering my couplets and introducing " gags," which I could not approve. Thus, without any rhyme or reason whatever, ho..persisted in substituting far a very neut joke the vulgar expression, " Hollo boys, thero goes another guy !" which ho said was snfo to bring tho house .down. Tho Giant also took similar liberties, and finished lines witli " What's your little game ?" " Who's your hatter ?" " How's your poor foot ?" and other expressions of the streets, which had no relation'whatever to tho subject of tho dialogue. I pro- tested that I could not allow my namo to appear in con- nection with such nonsense, and begged tho Giant to speak only tho words sot down for him. I had my repu- tation to study. Tho Giant rot ort ed that he lind, his reputation to study too ; nnd he had tho audacity to say that there was not a laugh in tho whole piece, and that, unless he was permitted to do something to " hit tho people up," it would bo damned.-Dickens's " AU the Year Round." BRIDE IN FOWLS.-Fowls havo plenty of vanity and pride. They aro very sensible to admiration from man, and miss accustomed notice. A prize bird knows itself. The queen of tho poultry yard must cat first, and stand by tho king at feeding time. She resists any invasion upon her rights, and will hove n precedonco in nil things. Indeed, precedence in tho court-yard seems ns ruined as ot earthly courts. Ago and priority of residence in tho yard, not less than sizo ond strength, constitute right to preeedopco.. No dowager over treated young chits of girls moro contemptuously than tho senior hen trouts her juniors. One has heard of a Swiss cow which died of vexation whon a boll was taken from her. So did a hen of minc, long raistross of tho poultry-yard, die ot smothorcd pride, wheu o new quecn-hen, partner to a new king (a pair I bought at a poultry show), came into my enclosure The rival queens eyed each other for a moment steadfastly, and then rushed to; the combat. The new comer, though tho old hen fought bravely, was the stronger. Mrs Mercury, ns wo callod tho old hon, from i tho wing-like feathering on hor legs, never attempted to try her chancoaguin, succumbed in a melancholy manner, and, after a fow days' moping gave up tho ghost. " Cocks and Hens," in All The Tear Round. TnE FIRST PARLIAMENTARY REPORTER.-William .Woodfull became tho printer of tho Morning Chronicle, which was started in 1769. Of his reporting tho press traditions are full ; and ufter making every allowance for tho exaggerated expressions of those to whom the whole process of reporting was now, his work was a wonderful feat, and such as justly to cntitlo him to the designation of" Moraory Woodfall," hy which ho was generally known. It was his practice to go down onrly. to tho lfouso of Commons, nnd securo for himself n favorito corner in Hie front row of Ibo strangers' gallery. Thero ho sat tho long night through, never budging from his place, solacing himself, as he grew faint, with thc indigestible but portable dninty of a hurd boiled ogg, und with his eyes and his attention fixed upon the various speakers, but without taking a singlo noto : tho appear- ance of a note-book or pencil would havo led to imme- diate expulsion by tho sorgeant-nt-orms or his messengers. He would absorb, as it were, tho wholo scene passing bc foro him, and would roprodaco it on paper, to thc extent of several columns, in time for the publication of tho following evening. In this woy ho gove a character to the Chronicle, which raised it far above all its contem- poraries.-London Society. ; WRECK OP AN EMIGRANT SHIP-APPALLING LOSS OP LIPE.-Telegrams reccivod in tho City from Lloyd's agents at Nicu Diop, on the Dutch coast, communicate I ho brief particulars of ono of tho most dreadful ship « reeks during thc late storm that has hnppencd on this range of coast for many years past. The ill- fated ship was tho Wilholmsborg, Captain Jvross, commander, built in 1853, and upwards of 1,200 tons burden. Sho left Hamburg in the early part of lost week for Australia, and is roported to have had . nearly 4Û0 emigrants on board, -mon, women, and children, Germans. Sho had also a cargo of general* merchandiso. It would seora that sho had-scarcely cleared tho Elbo, before the awful galo ol' Thursday was encountered, and the wind blowing direct upon the coast, tho ship evidently was unable to got an offing clear of tho long line of low shoals which abound on this purt of tho coast. Tho ship was brought up, ot her anchor, but tho furious gale, and tho heavy waves .which kopt tumbling iu from tho North So.i no doubt quite overwhelmed tho vossol, and sho was driven on tho Terschclling sandbank, a dangorous shoal near the Zuyder Zee, where sho speedily begon to break up, nnd of-100 lives on board only 44 oro reported to hove been saved. Probably no portion of tho const of tho north of Europo suffered so' much from the effects of tho late storm as this lino of coast. Upwards of 100 coasting vessels aro enumerated by tho agents which have been wrecked or stranded, and many of tho crews were drowned. Several wero bound to England. SCRATCHING RACE HOUSES.-A caso of considerable interest to sporting mon came before Mr Kerr, iu tito Sheriff's Court. A Mr Pyno was plaintiff, ond Mr Slat- ter (described us of Dixon's, Bucktersbury) defendant.: Tho action was for tho recovery of a sum of 6/.^ entrusted to defendant to make a bot on Barchottina, for tho Shrews- bury Cup. On tho morning of tho race the horse was scratched, aud plaintiff demanded book his ' money, which defendant refusod to return. It was argued on the ono sido that the mouoy was > fairly lost according to the rules of tjio London betting-ring, mid those of tho Jockey Club ; but on'tho other it was assorted that the Jockey Club had laid down no such regulation, and that it was generally .recognised throughout, tho country that when a horso was scratched, tho money was roturnod. Tho defendant stated that ho had .handed tho money to a Mr Fisher, con- sidering that it had been fairly lost by plaintiff. His honour pointed out tho evil effects whioh would inevitably follow from the'rulo that a bet should bo lost even if the horse was scratched ; but as tho evidonco tended to show that such a recognised " cödo of cheating" was in forco, he could only conclude that tho plaintiff had lost his 5£. Plaintiff then elected to bo nonsuited, with costs, with a vio w of bringing the action before a jury ina suporior court. THE GREAT EASTERN.-PnoposBD LOTTKBYDISTHIDU TION.-'ibo Liverpool creditors mot again on Monday-to consider tho two schomesof tho formation of anew com- pany iii which tho creditors shall stand as poid up share- holders, and tho disposal of the ship by lottery. Tho opinion was decidedly in favour of tho latter project, pnrticulorly os it wns ascertained that counsel in Louden had reported in favour of its practicability Tho arrange- ments for tho lottery would bo carried out ot FranUfnrt, on-thc-Maine, though tho shares would oil bo held in England. It is proposed to havo 200 prizes, ranging rom £20,000-to £850.-^Dispatch, Dccombor 2fi. Haw TO SIXENOK A. Foo*.-A Galway gentleman ono< entered- a-coftfao-housB-in- London-and -oalled- for toa His brogue attracted the attention of a scouted civil ian ii; tlie opposite box, who relying upon his superior accent, r.'solvod to have a jest at the expense of tho strangor. The civilian called for tea too ¡ tho Irishman called fot muffins, so did tho"civilian, toast, milk, sugar, &c.;, were sereiatly callod for by tho Irishman, and as severally dilled for by tho fop, who enjoyed in his cornor the sup- posed embarrassment to which ho wa3 subjecting the Galway gentleman. At hist, with tho greatest com- posure, and, if possilbe, with a richer brogue, tho Irish- man desired tho waiter to " bring up pistols for two !" Tho jester's echo was suddenly silenced, and he quickly made his exit. AMERICAN ESSAT ON WIDOWS.-They aro tho yory deuce. There's nothing like "em. If they make up their minds to marry, it's done. I know one that was terrible afraid of thunder and lightning-and every timo a storm carno on she would run into Mr. Smith's house (bo was a widower), and was half distracted for fear she would bo killed; clasp her little hands and fly ground till the man really felt for her, and tho conséquence was, , she was Mrs. John Smith before three thunder-storms rattled over her head. Wasn't that diplomatic ? American Paper. '? AN IRISH: SPEECH.-The following is a speech mado by tho manager bf an Irish theatre. There were only three persons composing tho audience :-" Ladies and gentlemen-As thero is nobody hore I'll dismiss you all ; tho performance of this night will not bo performed ;.but tho performances of this night will bo repeated to-mor- row evening." ENEMIES.-Aman that has n soul worth a sixpence must oxpect to have enomies. Tho truo motto of life is to do right, and then let tho consequences take carp pf themselves. It is all sheer vanity to strive to accommo- date yourself at every point to tho whims and notions of somo other porsons, and strivo to squaro your ways to please this or that ject or party. NEroiiiiouiîs IN inn FAR "WEST.-" Whoro is your house?" asked a traveller, in the depths of "ono of ¡tho old, solemn, wildernesses" of the great west. " House ? I ain't got no hous,o." " Well, where do you live ?" " I live in the woods, sleep on the great Government pur- chase, eat raw bear and wild turkey, and drink out of tho Mississippi." And, he added, "It's getting too thick with the folks out hero. You'ro tho second mau I've seen within tho last month ; and I hear thero's a wholo family como in some miles down tho river. I'm going to put out into the woods ueain."-Field. As a young lady was presiding nt a tea-tablo tho other evening, ono of her sleeves got burned o little from a spirit lamp underneath a small urn. A young fop pre- sent, thinking to be witty on tho nocid en t, remarked with a drawl, "He did not think Miss Alico BO apt to take fire."-" Nor nm I, sir," sho answored with great readi- ness, " from such sparks as you." LOVE.-A sweet contagion, which nttneks pcoplo with great severity between eighteen and twenty-two. Its pre- monitory symptoms aro sighs, milled shirts, ringlets, bears'grease, and whiskers.. It feeds on moonlight and flutes, and looks with horror on " bilcd nork." or baked beans. -American Paper. 