FRIDAY MOEKIXG, APUJL 20, 1801. Fop. the last tune we call upon those of our readers who are entitled to have their names on the electoral roll,' and who have not yet taken out their " rights," to go at once to the registrars of their respective districts and get their names enrolled." To-morrow, Saturday, is the last day prior to the general election that this can be done. Those who'have dis regarded our previous warnings, and who will still persist in procrastinating, must care very little about their political pri vileges, and must be so apathetic as to deserve to suffer should their interests be placed in jeopardy , by the return of wrong candidates. The business of the session is con verging to the vanishing point. Every night's sitting of parliament serves to clear the notice paper and diminish the number of "orders of the day." The slaughter of the innocents has, commenced —the first victim being Mr Sullivan's Mining BilL When that measure, was caljed on the other day,. Mr Mich in announced that only one-third of the Bill would be gone on with, and subse quently a motion was made and carried that that third should be divided into two, so that, if even all should go on smoothly, there is no chance of more than a sixth part being passed into law. The members of the Assembly seem to be in a fog with regard to,their powers of splitting up a big measure into a lot of little ones. The thing can't be done. Of course the big measure may be whittled down until only a single clause be left, but the heap of chips must be swept out as so much rubbish The Mining Bill is thus virtually dis posed of. The next measure that has been whittled down is Michie's Licensing BilL So eccentric has the author of this measure been in his character of nurse to the bantling, that we have a difficulty in forming an idea of the appearance of what must now be the ghost of the original measure. Thus, in reference to the beer licenses, the original bill excluded Melbourne, Geelong, and all boroughs from the ope ration of the clause. Then Mr Michie agreed to strike out the boroughs j sub sequently he consented to bring in Bal larat; afterwards, when it was proposed to bring in Collinowood, and a host of others, he, like Jt/acieth, became alarmed lest the line should "stretch to the crack of doom," and lie then sought relief in a suggestion thrown out by Mr. Hioua rdso.v to the effect that the introduction of beer licenses into any corporate or borough town should be optional with the local council; last of all, he beseeched the committee to pass the clause anyhow, and he would consent to the bill being recommitted for its reconstruction. ' What shape it will take we know not, but as the committee have got into the schedules it will now he disposed of, most likely, in a single sitting. These two measures sent up to the Council, talk about minor matters will become tiresome. A compromise about the Industrial and Reformatory Schools has been arrived at; the amendments to the Local Government Act, recommended by the Road Board Conference, cannot, it is admitted, be considered this session ■ the hlectoral Act Amendment Bill, the object of which is to restore the inte grity of the ballot, will, now that Mr InELANp has resigned his seat, meet with no opposition ; the Dog Act amendment Bill;, which proposes to empower local councils to increase the tax on dogs, will not take five minutes to pass. These things done, and they need not be spread over more than a week, all interest in the session will expire. True, there is some private business on the programme, but all efforts in log-rolling have failed to get a quorum to agree to a single meeting on the privati members' night. This indifference ma1 be dispelled for once by Mr Evei:ard'i counterblast to the resolutions of thi upper house on the land question ; bn making all allowance for the desire tlia will prevail among those members wh< intend to offer themselves for re- electioi at the general scramble to say something that will popularise their exit from-theii several benches, it is' hard to conceive that the Assembly will hold together foi more than three weeks. In the Upper House the only thine that can excite the members to an hour's discussion is the notice of motion by Mi FuASERfor leave to bring in .a Bill tc reduce the qualification of members and electors to one half of the presenf amount. So far there has been no in dication given of the disposition of Mi F.-ASEf.'s colleagues in reference to this motion, and we are all in the dark about its probable reception ; but Looking to the see-saw system, which works with even more regularity than we gave it credit for, it seems likely that the motion .will be favorably received. If the Councillors had practised humility in acknowledging they had no right to entertain Mr a'Becketts motion about the land, they might have determined to "stand by their order" on Mr^ Frazek's motion. Hayim* struck high at their last meeting, it is to be expected that they will strike low at their next. * Should the franchise he lowered, the interest in the comin<* elec tion will be greatly enhanced, and we shall then have to renew the' cry of " Register 1 register !" with which this article was commenced, and with which it may appropriately be closed. . 