Biura Spectres. — Tho brain makos ghosts both sloeping and waking. A man was lying in troubled sleep when a phantom, with the cold hand of a corpse, seized his right arm. Awaking in horror, ho found upon his arm still the -impression of the cold hand of tho corpse, and it was only after re flecting that he found the terrible apparition to bo due to the deadening of his own left hand ou a frosty night, which had subsequently grasped his right arm. This was a real ghost of tho brain, which the awakening of tho senses and tho under standing explained. M. Gratiolet narrates a dream of ins own wmen is singularly illustrative oi now the brain makes ghosts in sloep. Many years ago, when occupied in studying tho organisation of the brain, ho prepared a great number, both of human and animal brains. Ho carefully stripped off the membranes, and placed the brains iu alcohol. Such were his daily occupations, when one night he thought that he had taken out his own brain from his own skull. Ho stripped it of its membranes. He put it into alcohol, and then ho fancied he took his braia out of the alcohol and replaced it in his skull. But, con tracted by the notion of the spirit, it was much re duced in size, and did not at all fill up the skull. He felt it shuffling about in his head. This feeling throw him into such a great perplexity that he awoke with a start, a? if from nightmare. M. Gratiolet, every time he prepared the braiu of a man, must have felt that his own brain resembled it. This impression awakening in a brain imperfectly asleep, whilst neither the senses nor tho judgment were active, the physiologist carried on an operation iu his sleep which probably had often occurred to his fancy when at his work, and which had then been summarily dismissed very frequently. A pursuit which had at last become one of routine, and tho association of himself with his study, explain the bizarre and ghastly dream of M. Gratiolet. A sen Bation from the gripe of a cold haud, misinterpreted by the imagination acting without the aid of tho dis cerning faculties, accounts for the ghastly vision of tho othor sleeper. — All the Year liouvd. Hoarding in tiie South. — Take Confederate money at its market value to-day, and see whether it is Mr Meinminger's fault that the cost of living is eo ruinous. A Confederate dollar is worth, say ton cents in silver or gold. Therefore ten Confederate dollars ought to buy as much as a gold or silver dollar in old times. But will they ? Let us see. In old times a gold dollar would buy ten pounds of sugar or coffee, or ten yards of calico. Now a-days ten Confederate dollars will buy about throo pounds of sugar, a pound and a half of coffee, and a yard and a quarter of calico. So thore is, something moro than depreciated cur rency at the bottom of those ruinous prices. ' Things are scarce.' Yes, but not so scarce as producers would havo you beliove. Tho Government wantod to buy bacon in Georgia. None to be had. Sugar was offered in exohaugo, and bacon came in plenti fully. 60,000 lb of bacon woro found in Vicksburg after the garrison had surrendered on the 4th of July, for want of something to oat. Tho fact is there is such a thing as hoarding. Hence an artificial scarcity ; hence high prices ; hence a salary of 1500 dols a year barely pays day board, leaving nothing for room ront, fuel, lights, clothes, taxes, doctors' bills, and othor incidentals. Hoarding! Could a human being board tho necessaries of lifo when his follow men are struggling for existence ? They say so. They say salt was hoarded last spring and will be again this fall. They say farmers aro hoarding their wheat at this moment, aud compelling poor people to pay 45 and 50 dols. a barrel for Hour, when they might get it for 25 dols. if tho whoat wero sent to tke mills. Thoy say there is a man in this city who has npwards of 100 hhd of sugar hoarded away. They say thero is plenty of flour hoarded in cellars and garrets. They say that these merciless auctioneers can always find somewhere ' a friend ' who has a few barrels of sugar to deal out as prices continue to rise. Every rise in sugar brings out a few moro barrels from tho secret and inexhaustible storehouse o£ this mysterious ' friend,' who allows tho auctioneer only his ' commission.' In the English dictionary will be found a word of talismanic power, to which we advise our readers to turn in this time of trouble. That ward is. 'Disgorge I' — Bishmand Whig* 