? 'SPIKIT HAPPING.-IMPOSTURE >XP03KD. ' TUE following is an («poserait the apiti! rapping im« poatura deteotsd in Glasgow..wbloh we extrait from tod Glasgow HVraii, átatefl apon editorial authority r- . Some sixteen reputable gentlemen of this city' dabbed together, ind resolved, if postlb'e. to fl Dd tba truth rr ftlsehmd ol tho" spirit, mittel" oat. They applied to the " Marsball mediums" in London, bot the bead of that enterprising" Arm declined,to make', her appearanoa in Glasgow on any terms, although abe recommended an American substitute of the mala sex,' .< warranted tobe more highly favoured in spirltnal! mattera" than eren the celebrated ''mediuma" aborenamed, jo doe time thia dlatioguiahed person made 'bia appear- anoa in Glasgow;, he attended''above r à doe en seance*,"' pib'io and private', and: ¡the result ia now before na in a pamphlet written by a gen'leman who also attended. "Seance . No. 1 took plaoe"io preseooa of twelve witnesses. ' Bat the spirit .medium, waa evi- dently not in goad spirits, and (bia important fast lelcat, as a matterot ooaree,,well known to the''supernaturals present,' the spirit' of,George Fox, the Quaker, Indicated ttironjh tho proper ohannoli that be (the medium) " was not in a favoarable pbysieal eondltion for manifestation» that evening, and' moat not' perform."- The medians took this advioe, and did nothing. Tbs second" seanoe" opened with a "alight tilting of tho table," and then oertaia names were written on slips' * of ' parer and folded, np, when ¡the" medium f> gueraed " . the natara, of .the writing, and was eorreet two timeB~'out of three; After ' this, ' one' of tbs gentlemen . waa informed tb at tbe spirit ol bia sliter was present, and, without aboding b's band ? or hiding tho motion of the pencil, he wiote ibo words "Are jots happy t" This question waa ohjeoted to, however,'by soma of tba company as hiing too oommoo,, »nd beoause tho medium was sittingdireotly opposite,and observing th« motion of' tbe writer's band. Another-question, namely, "Ii spirit rapping untrue ?'' wal therefore substitute! ; and in thia instance tba band and penoll were carefully concealed while the query was bting written down. ' But tbs ghost-a s er fdit deeply indignant at tbs substitution, and repliéí-through the medium, of course-that abe would not answer tba re;ond question, bat tbe urara wbloh she did, or be did, by writing, I am happy." Several questions: wera written down after thia in Bach a manner that the medium waa left' in . the dark regarding their contents, and the attendant spirit» lott bim In tba same predicament, for in not o singlé io« atanoë waa a oorreet answer giren.' Then: Mr. Medium proposed '! some pbyefb'al manireatatlooe,'* but'the spiritsi wera evidently out of tone,.and, moreover; the table was heavy weight, ao (bat nothing wba'ever waa done. At tba third meeting a ricket ty " pembroke," with pmj ?oting> "flapa," supported,bybraokett, waa substituted tor tba solid dining table ol tbe previous evening, and for a few minutes tba !'pembroke "danced about on Its four 11 pins " at an amizing rate. While this was going cn the lags of tba medium'.were under the. table, and hil hands . testing, upon it. He waa narrowly wotoher"» and when the table moved again, the hnea of (ha medium waa discovered to ba in eontaot with one of the brackets of the " pembroke." Then a learned dootoi who waa present aat down under tba 'table in order to make asauranoe doubly eure, and this pot an end to,tba mint« festationa at onoe. . The table, in short, stood stoob.atilf, when tba medium was watched, and after a time the poor man gava in, protootiog that " ¿pirlta rrqulrod filth,.. and finally be deolined to proceed any farther that evening. The weary work wont on from nigh! to night till the list aeene or "seance" of ali. On' this eventful evening the spltit.of one gentleman's, father waa summoned, and in due time it signified its presence by a " tilting" of ihe table. The gentleman ¿at opposite tbe medium, and allow- ing the latter to watoh tba movements of hie hand while be apparently wrote the word», '-Aré you happy f" though Io reality tba question written wr s '.' Are you' hungry 1" tba spirit without a undent's hesitation, said " I am." Then tho gentleman wrote down." Have you Been my mother, and is eba hungry Î" and the ghost, cr rather the medium, teplied, "I have, and, «be ia." .Then fol- lowed tba queatloi, ' Are all, then, hungry in heaven f* oed the Bpiritof bia fa'her auaweted'" Y-sl* Qaeatioa No. i waa then written down in the, followiog Buap«: "Ia the medium a gross'humbug?" and immediately the spirit rapped ont an impatiental Tea l''and, whoa the queation waa repeated a eeoond, time " Via" isa retained still more empbatls than lb/first. Tba ques- tions and answers weie then dalibernte'y read over ia tbe presence of tba hoeiased medïnmv and tho poor map, we are Informed, looked unutterable things. WAIKITO -Slnoe the sale of Ngatuawabla an Impetus bas ? been given, lo the settlement ot the'-Waikato o.untry. The enterprise 'aeBUtriea an appearanoa of reality .-it -did not possess; and wa believe a good num- ber of aubatantial buildings will soon be erected at NgrruawahiB, and amongst them a hotel by Mr, Young, whoso long oatered for the publia in that oapioity ia Drury. Following' In the footsteps of Mr. Simpson, who wab the drat private person to purohase a steam vee» ael to ply on the Waikato, and, carry up bia storer. Mr. Yoong haa plaeed tbe Weipa on tho river, and opened tba ocrrylng trade. The trafilo on tba river ia already considerable and1 must steadily Inoreaie, as it would be idle to suppose .now, wbatevtr : tam uffaira may take in the colony, that ever tba Waikato will be again abut up against progrosB and battlement. Owing; to the large and ioereaalng number ol visitors to tba Waikato, we bopo that hotel accommodation will bo pro- vided, nat only at Ng'aruawahia, but also at Alexandra ard Cimbridge, wbioh will soon become oeulree ofpopu latlon and trade,-Soulhern Croit. ' THE MILLER'S FIAT MURDER.-By our ' previous adviaes from Dunedin wa learned that a maa named William Wilson bsd'baan apprehended et Canter- bury, and. sent on to Dunedin, cbarged with tba mur- der of a man namtd " Yorkey," lu 1H03, We now per eeive that be hos been honourably acquittod, and also learn tbat tbe man's ebaraotor la moat irreproachable. Tb»-Dunedin Daily 'lim*; of tba lat inst nt, says: " Ytsterday morning, during tba silting of the Resident Magistrate's Court, the Commissioner of Foliae made ata applloatlon to the Benah for the. discharge of tba ptiioner William Wilson, who bad been .' remitted fronvObrlstohuroh on a'charge of being tba murderer of ..Yorkey," on Millei'a Flat, in 1603. The prisoner wa» brongbt up, and tba commissioner of polios produced evidence wbloh proved conclusively that the acouied could not possibly bare, committed tbe murder, as ha was at the time o Beaman on board the ahlp Coldatream, from London to Otago, arid be did not arrive in tbs colony until three months after tba data of tba murder. Two meet respectable witnesses, wbo had been p.a songcrs in tba Coldstream, awore to tba identity of tba prisoner as being » seaman who joined tba ship al Portsmouth. The magistrate, after hearing; the ev. denee, dlsohireed the. prisoner." '-< -,. ??!. . f A EnooauKO AdcimsBT - Tbe Oma>u Tfm«#|of Augustas eays :-" A dreadful aooldent ooonrred on Fri- day, lash instant, at Fortification Booba, about tbiee and a bait miles from Omaru, to a quarryman of tbe name ot William Doak, while opining a quarry.; Ii appiata that, while standing on a large block of stone, he was trying to remoto another block, when tba one be wai' standing on, being undermined, toppled over, ' carrying bim witta, it, when by tba falling blook, or by .falling fourteen feet, or both, be sustained dreadf ai injuiles, having bia tblgb» two iib«, and bia jawbone frao rued, and'his noie being severely braised. The polloe sent but'medical auls tanoe, Dir. Wai',.WilllamB, and Myles promptly attent!» lug, and applying-tbe propermsdlcal and snrgloal reme- dies, Messrs. Weymouth and Pinkerton, who happened to be on tba Bpot, eff.rded all tba attention in their power, the former having ridden into town expressly to summon aid. Tba peor man still surtlvos, and there*ara even hopes that: he may reaover. He li a Bingle man» about thirty-two years of age, a- native ol K'l wining. Baot'and, who arrived In the colony by the City of Dunedin, and has to .relations here... Other papers ara , requested to oopy «bis notice." 