TOPICS OF THE DAY. We have received a copy of a pamphlet entitled “ Glimpses into the Unseen and Unknown.” On noticing this sensational title we thought, of course, that the book would contain revelations of the spirit- world, either by “ rappers” or “ second-sight” people, or spiritualists of same kind or other ; nor was our curiosity one whit diminished when we saw that these “ glimpses” were afforded by the Rev. B. Haining and the Rev. J. Gardner ! However, not to keep our readers in an agony of suspense, we may at once state that the “ Unseen and Unknown” are the composi- tions (unseen and unknown by the general public) submitted to the abovenamed gentlemen as “ specimens” of what various South Australian youth could do in the way of writing from dictation. Messrs. Haining and Gardner, it will be remembered, characterised somewhat strongly the ignorance of English composition betrayed by various candi- dates at the recent Competitive Examinations, the censure being afterwards objected to as indis- criminate and sweeping. The result is the appearance of the present pamphlet, consisting of 24 pages, and certainly including a most amazing number of blunders. The errors in spelling are such as the following :— Assylum, ulugists (for eulogists), Mazepper, Micham, ordianory, untaugt, chappels, suberbs, manal (for menial), suden, strugling, Govenor, hossepital, nashional, Australissia, minial throne (for menial throng), Botany gardens (for Botanic Gardens), Urtle Square, Witmore- Square, Mr. Peacoks, torens, gass lights, and no end of corresponding novelties. The compo- sition is on a par with the spelling : thus —“ A rail- way laves Adelaide at various hours of the day.” “ The Botanic Gardens, which is visited, and which affords” &c.; “ These with a great number of churches for it may be said that the greater portion of the city and its inhabitants are civilized, and have em- braced Christianity.” “ Adelaide has about 6,000 inhabitants which are greatly increasing.” “ A new Govenor has lately come to this country, named Dominic Daley the latter one was Sir Richard Graves Macdonnel.” “ I now close my report, which I hope will meet with the approvel of the Examinors.” We think, considering that 20 pages of each errors as the foregoing can be selected from the written compositions of one class in a competitive examination, that the Examiners were not only justified in calling attention to the matter, but that they were in duty bound to do so. On Tuesday evening, January 26, a soiree in con- nection with the Port Adelaidn Young Men's Improve ment Association, was held in St. Paul's Church' School-room, the proceeds of which were for their benefit of the St. Paul's Church Enlargement Fund. The large room was crowded. The President of the Association, the Bey. C. Marryat, occupied the chair. The report of the Society's progress was read by the Secretary, Mr. G. Jj. Anthony, from which it appeared their first meeting was held in July, 1863, numbering eight members, since which they had increased to 16 members. Their meetings had been' held weekly for the object of mutual improvement, which had included Scripture reading, recitations, debates on vairous subjects, reading history, sciences, &c; The Society was progressing very satisfactorily, and it was hoped beneficial results and further progress would ensue. After this a number of reci citation? were given by the members. The " Arab Steed," by W. Bosse; " Hamlet's Soliloqy," by J. Lake; "Burial of Sir J. Moore," by J. Barm; " Wolsey and Cromwell," by Messrs. Hopkins and Frewin; the latter being well delivered by Mr. Hopkins, and the others evoked much, applause. The Hey. C. Marryatt gave an excellent lecture upon " Wit and Polly." The lecturer read and repeated numerous extracte of celebrated wits, and in the second part of his lecture detailed various events of wit and folly in the " Life of Theodore Hook," and was frequently applauded in the course of his lecture. . A humorous recitation by Mr. Green—" Misadven tures at Margate"—was given in a most successful 1 manner, and received an encore ; a song by Mr. J. 1 Lake —Til think of thee," was given in a, creditable ' manner. Recitations followed—the Ghost scene from i "Hamlet," by Messrs. Bosse and liane; "The I Spanish Armada," by J. Clarke, with great applause j • and " Virginius," by the Rev. Mr. Pollitt, Jan., was well rendered, Two overtures on the piano, by lady amateurs, were played daring the evening, and a glee by three gentlemen amateurs. A vote of thanks to the ladies and Chairman, and the National Anthem closed the meeting. The entertainment will realize a nice little sum for the object intended. Mr. T. P. Hill gave his farewell elocutionary enter- ? tainment at White's Room on Wednesday evening. • There was a very large attendance, including the > members of the Ministry, many ministers of religion, I and members of the Legislature. It is no slight task for I a man, alone and unassisted, to undertake the amuse , ment of an audience throughout an evening, but, | judging from the general applause which followed his efforts, Mr. HOI succeeded perfectly last night. He • commenced his entertainment by expressing the ~ pleasure he felt in seeing co many old Sooth Ans ; tralian friends around him, and he then proceeded, • after passing a high eulogy on the Pickwick Papers, to read from them the celebrated trial of " Bardell v. r Pickwick." At the conclusion of Serjeant Buzfuz'e 3 address to the Jury there was a short interval, after which Mr. Hill gave with much effect the examina tion of the witnesses, altering the tones of his voice ? for each character, and then went on to the end of the 1 trial. Another short interval followed, and Mr. y Hill then opened what he termed his "Box of Vocal ' Curiosities,"givingimitationsoftwoVictorianmeinbers ' of Parliament, a Melbourne etump orator, and an B American Bevival Preacher, all of which were well , received, bat a loud burst of applause followed the j recognition by the audience of the voice and manner when Mr. Will, coming nearer home, imitated 8 a certain well known South Australian legislator. s The entertainment concluded by the recitation of 3 Tennyson's celebrated lines on the charge of the Six Hundred at Balaklava. Mr. Hill then thanked the ' audience for their attendance, and took leave of them in a few well chosen words, expressing his hearty • wishes for the welfare and prosperity of South Aus ! tralia. Before closing this notice we must say a l word as to the great disadvantage under which Mr. . HQI laboured last night—we refer to the room, i Since the Assembly room has been decorated the I drapery which formerly hung round the walls has ? been removed, and though no doubt the removal l improves the appearance of the room, it renders it , much more difficult for a speaker to make himself \ perfectly heard. The modulations of the voice are ' lost, and the echo drowns the speaker's words as soon 1 as he begins to raise his voice or express himself with ' much energy. This fault is of course more noticeable 1 at the lower part of the hau, and in fact last night it 1 rendered many of Mr. Hill's words quite unintelli ? gible, although he is as clear and distinct a speaker j ) as we could wish to hear. We take leave of Mr. T. i P. Hill by wishing him all the success to which his 3 study of the elocutionary art and his devotion to his 3 profession co justly entitles him. j Frank Fowler's name is well know a in connection with Australian literature as the author of " Southern Lights and Shadows " and several other works. His death, which occurred a short time ago, has been mourned by a large circle of friends—not only because of his comparative youth, being only 30 years of age, but because of the evidence he gave of great ability as a public writer. His life was marked by many changes and vicissitudes which prevented him from making provision for his widow and threechildren, who are consequently left in need. The friends of the young author knowing these circumstances have formed a Committee, headed by Dowager Lady Filmer and Lady Catherine Long for the purpose of raising a fund for the support of Mrs. Fowler and her children. Subscriptions can be forwarded to Mr. William Walter, 18, New Bridge-street, Blackfriars, London, E. C, and no doubt a little from the deceased's Australian friends and admirers would be very acceptable. The new foot-bridge connecting Gawler north and south was opened by the Mayor of Gawler Town in due form on Wednesday afternoon. Tbe Ancient Order of Foresters are, we are in formed, about to make arrangements for a grand picnic and procession to take place on Easter Monday next. Various Courts have appointed Committees to make the necessary enquiries. It is probable that the Exhibition Building on the North Park Lands will be the scene of the festivities. The following tenders have been received at the office of the Colonial Architect, for supplying a corrugated galvonized iron roof for the boathouse at Macdonnell Bay:—E. Brooks, £47 (accepted) ; F. H. White, £48 10a. ; J. Madham, £49 ss. ; English & Brown, £57; W. Reynolds, £62 10s. We find that Dr. Cumming has been again ven- turing upon specific dates for the fulfilment of Daniel's predictions. He recently laid before a New- castle audience certain deductions of his, which pointed to 1867 as the close of the present economy. He said he believed the last desperate battle-field would be near Jerusalem, and that France, Russia, and England would be the combatants. Mr. Aldridge is making strenuous exertions to get Mr. Marshall's offer accepted for the All-England Eleven to visit this colony. Mr. Marshall's offer is more liberal to us than to any other colony, and having offered him terms which he appears willing to accept, it will be a great reflection upon as if we cannot muster sufficient to enable the bargain to be completed. The appearance in our midst of the All-England Eleven would be the most novel thing we have ever had here in the recreation line ; and its novelty alone would probably ensure its success. We would again urge our cricketers to band together and make a strenuous effort to carry out the affair creditably. We omitted to state in our report of the perfor- mances at the Victoria Theatre, on Tuesday evening, that the First Adelaide Rifle Band, aided by various other musicians, gratuitously rendered their services on the occasion. The orchestra numbered nearly a score. 