ANIMAL AND VEGETABLE DIETARY. | (Front Notes by a Soldier, in the U, S. Gazette.) I BY way of introduction to the annexed letter, the editor remarks we consider the following communication, which is that of a practical non-commissioned officer, should stimulate the military authorities to extend the system of soldiers' gardens as much as pot sible. . Singularly enough the plain common- sense of the soldier has here brought him to the discovery which has been made so public by the pamphlet of Mr. .¡Bunting. Mr. Bunting eats flesh exclusively, in order that he may grow thin ; " J. W." recommends vegetables to the soldier that he may grow fat. Like that eminent physician, Mr. Harvey, he has found out the secret of obesity. Our correspondent, taking for his text, Army Rations and Soldiers' Gardens," observes A strong healthy agricultural man was Joe Smith. A finer never followed a plough, though he lived on fat bacon and cabbage from one year's end to another, banking Sundays, when he had a little fresh me. it. His limbs were like horses', and for the matter of that they were quite as strong. Where he got the flesh from" that covered his face no one knew. Some said he helped himself to barley meal, thereby depriving the pigs of their daily allowance; others said he was ¿ntSiC.nately fond of oil-cake, whilst others, still bolder, attributed it to his master's home-brewed are. None in the village had the slightest idea that the fit which covered his cheeks came from the garden, where vegetables grew abundantly, particularly cabbages and turnips, These were to' Joe Smith better than all the flowers that ever bloomed. Vegetables were his mainstay. They kept his whole frame under subjection, his blood I never got heated, he never complained of illness, no one ever saw him troubled with the rash, but his skin was clear and transparent, Por feats of strength he was not equalled. It was a sad gloomy day to Farmer Greenfield when he took the shilling. The old men of the village prophesied that he would come back as far as a pig. Three-quarters of a pound of beef a day, the idea ! Why, he never ate beef but once a year, and that was at Christmas time, when Farmer Greenfield generally (to use west country language) killed one of his own fat " heat." However, Joe Smith never forgot the day he left his native village accompanied by therecruiting-EOrjeant; neither did he forget the roast beef the first time he sat before a barrack-room table. How his eyes leaped as if they were under a delusion ! It was right what the recruiting sergeant had told him, for the actual thing stood invitingly before him. He ate sparingly, for he did not intend going back like a fat sheep ready for the slaughter. To his astonishment he very soon found that he was falling off he was getting thin, very thin. What could it be Certainly the three quarters of a pound of beef did not agree with him, though he was sometimes boiled, baked, and roasted. He longed for a change-he longed for bacon and cabbage to put his disordered frame in order. Too much of one thing without a change for months did him harm. It was beef and mutton one day, and mutton and beef another. Cabbage the men of his regiment So"_Ti5-Ä-'?-0T??tta?*et?evxcni- even then made inquiries on thïï'lk&oTA-;î1 wing's- H? gave him a satisfactory answer; everybody shook their heads, and said " They didn't know." It would be a waste of time and paper to record what took place. It will be enough to say the first time he entered his own familiar village dressed in regimentals a panic seized the villagers. Was that his ghost is it would not be Joe Smith ! Alas ! every one had to admit it was him, a hurdle compared to his former self ; but he soon made amends. It was then the mystery was dissolved, for he soon got double his former size through nothing else but eating cabbage. The parson of the village took it up, and wrote letters to the Horse Guards. They might have been mislaid, they might have been lost, for they were never acknowledged. It is a lamentable fact, Sir, that the soldier never sits down to dine off cabbage, a plant so common that a regiment might, for a couple of shillings, be overstocked with them. We must discontinue the oft-repeated cry of more beef." Those who advocate for more flesh know not what they are clamouring after. Last year, a terrible noise was made. Three- quarters of a pound of beef for a soldier was scouted by gentlemen high in authority who sailed with the stream. It was to be nothing short of veal, but like last year's leaves, the subject IS dead and forgotten. I knew then what it would all come to. No one said a little vegetables twice a week would be a better substitute than an additional half-pound of beef. The idea never struck any one high in authority. Although at that time, a deal was said about raising soldiers' gardens, that is forgotten too, though your columns for weeks teemed with it. We have thousands of men whose hands are idle, yet we cannot cultivate cabbages and potatoes. We like going the dearest way to work buy small quantities at a time, so that we may look genteel. What were the troops doing all last winter at Aldershot? Not manly labour. Sitting over a stove and poking the wind with their rifles for a couple of hours night and morning, was all the work done at their hands - not profitable for the service in any way whatever. Would it not have been more to our credit to have employed them in a more useful manner? Does any one say discipline must be kept up, drill must be kept up ? I will guarantee that a regiment shall be digging and planting all the winter, another shall be eternally at drill, and the former coal! drill much better than the latter, be better in health, more in pocket, and fine-looking men than the sick imbeciles who embraced the stove all the winter to keep their ships and hands warra. Let no one say that soldiers are idle, can they help it? They want work, so that they may raise their own vegetables, and give their labour free and willingly, so that they may not be the same as they are now, without a cabbage, without a turnip to grace their tables. Like the labourers in Holy Writ, they remain idle because his Royal Highness has not yet made up his mind whether they shall have a vineyard or not. They may cover one as eagerly as the King of If rael coveted Naboth's, but, unlike him, their wish will not be gratified, at least not yet. It will be brought about some day. Although incredible persons may now shake their heads, in years to come, when the British soldier is at peace, he will take up the side instead of the rifle, and plant during the winter months. In summer he will resume his vocation. If men's rations are fairly dealt with, no one except a glutton can complain ; if there are two ways to do a thing, somehow we generally go wrong to work. We have lost ourselves in this case. A soldier's duty allowance of bread is three half- pounds, just enough for three meals, and it goes with the three meals, particularly in cold weather, consequently the soldier has to go to bed supperless, or else buy. A penny for broad is not much, yet it is more than he can spare if he has to buy it. This alone is sufficient evidence to show that he does not get enough. Often have they, like policemen, to take care of the night, often have they to march for hours, heavily armed and accoutred ; often do they find themselves in such places as Alder shot where the very air is of a cold hungry smell. I try it, then, and that most emphatically, that the soldier has not enough bread. Another quarter of a pound and the ration controversy, that breaks out in fitful gusts, is at an end for ever I must, however, add, to stamp it, vegetables twice a week, and then the British soldier can challenge the world with its innumerable armies to cope or bear the least compari- son with his own, as far as rations are concerned. 