itISOELLAUNEiOU Tli G'rosa of iI Til:' n'laitr na.' The Livecrpool Albion states thiit, in : cou·?rs of a paper read by Captain Piatdo;iolitive .to the repairs of thi-Great Eastern; he stated that ala impre'ssionbgot abroad thati licoslili iwas lianuted, the:alleged ghost.l;beiii thait of' an ufiortmiiteo rivetter, .hl0o 'iwas ard, plying his avocation in oe idof,. the :ells or compartiments. CaptainPatoli stated'tliat ,before the vessel left this coiintry heobe lievetd that one of the men employed in heer construotion wais missing. The mias was a rivotte',;lhe was missed froin the ship, aid novpecamie for lhis wages, the, suppositionr bdic that h had bIcenrievtted up in a part df the vessel.. So firnily iiplressed. were solue of the iumen ith this ide?,i:tllit they. left the shipiin conisequence 'Thiy itibliised, thiat they3'had heard their, depiiited ifiiend busily; engiiet iivettiing'ii'tthe niiddle of. tle 'ighit. -The story i wvs blievel -hy many persoiis inr cew York, and jn on .occasion :while :the ship i itS.ueder repaire a,; diver' asienll?d to6 be drawn; up, ito iidpeai.d pale iiiti friglit, eid doelaieed: the glihost' of theor ivetter` was bisy 'iatlle bottone part of the ship ; in fatt thiit he'. b'an riv6ttiig inunediatoly?aoer 'his heuad. iSuhe tis thwn conster:nationi aminiost th idiviie 'tlit ithey, called icitheiutidit, oiie of thd:spirit iic " diums, ;wholi.e :somewhat imnoeroui iitilhe "i?k"6t-N'&Vi-; 1?,E:'>T.li?"flcldiiiiiitcuiioon{, 1city aof , ireE Pl'heiciclsin ensue on .board, and.at'tOran u examiinatioi declared. that the missiing, iinc was 'there both '" in' body and spirit. Fartunrately be (Ociptalii Paton) hby pure iaccident was eiia6iled to dispel- tle ilhisioi ' Being in it boat near the bows of the ship, he loiscovered that a swivel .conneuteid with the moorings worked to aind fro, the movement causing i clhink or vibraiti6n, which, at tilmes, more esped. ally at night, iwvas heard. tihroughioiit the vessel. It- wis' this. sbund whicih had con juroed, in conjminction with: the supposed lute of the icnfo tinate ri:vetter, the plhantom whose mysterious; doings sliread such con steerition an''boardrtho big ship. 