XUE HVEnPOOI 81£EPI,E- ?? ??? i ? ' - ? OH*SJB..; u-. ?., ? . , .... ' : : (From the Sporting Gaictto.) .:?'? '??'? i ' E?w?'?!?Al?0;,C0,m-1 fonvard, and uliorc fn thoglory ' Which shall always illumlno yeur awcct'slster's ' name; ? ,- ^ ,- ? ? For you and George Sfevona shaU long IlTOin Btory, , As BUoceBSful aspirant! to Liverpcfllfamo I' ' '?.Aladdin,' Ia Sporting Qaatltt. j Whon wo quitted AIntroe, yestoraay :evonlng,j ,.^1!?,°°' PoiFLwl'°.tl-« tho Grand National,! ..» ,»» uuumi oieepieonase, ?woald Have to bo! postponed; but not a trace of snowwaa ' vWbloTni the stroets of Liverpool this morning, though it .froze with sufficient intensity dorfng the night to havo stopped coursiog for two or three hourn, It that sport had been tho object of oiir visit to tho great maritime oity of the north-west. Tho sun possessed too much power, however, tooause MarsofortoppngBto racing or steopleehaaing, and ns the doy advanced, tbo streets soon gave] evidence of tho popularity which tho 'crnok'! cross- country event of tbo season continues toi enjoy amongst all ranks In this money.gettin?! dlstriot. Tho attendance on tho oourso wsb tht, largost wo ovor witnesied on this or any other sporting anniversary within uur recollection ; and r, 1 8 far beyond tho Inauguration of tho 'Grand National,' in 1839, which dtow together; an assemblage, of which Aintree or Maghull, where the Liverpool racos were provioulsy held, had never 'seen tho like.' fortunately, tho, weather, though oxtremely cold,- was fine nnd^ bright oyorhead ; and the ground, thanks to the drying Influence of tho north-east wind,, wae' scarcely so sloppy as yesterday. Tho stoaplo-! oba;o -course, howover, was frightfully hoavy.j owing to so many of tho fields being in seod and: plough; addod to which, (bo whulo of tho fences had been- strengthened, in' accordance with a suggestion mado in thoso: columns, aomo wooka back, so that the lino cam no longer be ridlouled as being moro adapted to! racehorses than hunters, as the 'moving acol-' dontjby flood and- field' that charaotorisod to-i duy a contest sufflciently proves. In fact, moro1 thaa ono rider considered that It was ' too muoh of » good tblne,'and Mr. Topham reoeived' a hint that somo of tho most ' obnoxious ' pOBts and: rails' would bd 'eased,' by being sawed through ; though Mr. T. took every precaution o.guurd ogainsfBUch unsportsmanlike conduot, ly placing extra policemen and mon at each of theieaps in quostion. From the 'mess' iho competitors In tho Hunters' Steepleohaso mado of tho ' line,1' when their turn camo, tho postpone ment .'of ? that raco until after' tho great ;? evonr, instead of tunning it first,1 at Is usually dono with a' ' remanet' from tlra.pi4vfoiis-d.ajrj was a happy arraDgemont, us tho ' line' would havo been '?' knocked about,1' and tho cours.e__effictuiilly-.' cleared' for tho ohlcken-liearted, .Aftor.thp.arrlynl of Iho. Crox-j toth- 'parly, the'', sports '?'. were: npprdprintely .inaugurated by' tho handicap namod afior thd lor/ular lord of tho soil, which brought bnt tbd largest field of «hy of the 'logitimatt.' eventB during the , meeting. The weighing of the ockeys ' for tha ! Steepleohaso was 00 easy1 tOBk iu auch ? ' cribbed,' confined' spnee ns ls,_ allotted for ? tho purposo j in addillon to which, tho room, which aadlyrequirea enlarge. ment,1 was' crowded with interlopers; cocso quently several of the competltora wero aotusily mounted before tho tolegraph, indicating tho fivc-and-twenty runners, was hoisted. We havo oliewbere given a list of tho official '.Bcrntohinps 'f wherein tho namos of Sinking Fund, Worcester, and West End, who wero 'coloured' on the card! do' not appear, nor was any declaration made : about eitbor, although on the spot. Mr. Baker having the management of tho Jerusalem com mission, withdrow his horso' in favour of the latter, who thereupon became n tremendous pot,' and lumping clean over tub h'ead* of both Bantam nnd.Emblematio' (between whom there was little- to choose at tho opening ot the hotting ; in. tha enoloauro, though the.Cheltenhnm horse: perhaps, who enraa again ? 'about town'' over night, had Blightly tho call), left off decidedly first favourite at 4 to 1 (taken); whilst tbo Bffntam party seemed equally stanch— albeit their 'crowing' found no echo amongst tho public, by whom the .' bottlod-up' ion of Woolwich, though as clever as hfa sire, was generally pronounced too small for suoh n country in Its present hoavy state. ? Aftor the demonstration' fn favour nf JeniBalem, tho most noticeable' feature of 'iho bolting was the advance of Serloua Cas'o from 100 to 0 to 10 to I, at whloh price Real Jam like wise had' -a, ^groat many enpportors, both among tho 'awellB' and the followers of Mr. T. Hugbea's stable, by whom her chanco was in truth regarded as ' sweetmeat.'1 David I Hughes was.tho flrst monntod, and havlngsbnvail off bia whiskers, was scarcely recognised for somo time in Lord Courtonsy's colours, whose property tho maro beoamo a'tor winning ? the hurdle rnclo at Derby, the week before. The stewards having put their veto on Kendall's riding, It was only t|l tho last moment 'that tho services,, of Mr. A; .Goodman (wbo did not fsnoy his amount over- ? muoh on the,' groggy' Czar, npon'whom he won tha Grand National; nt Market Harborougb, last Spring) were secured for the Jamalo.i-bred horab, whd becamb a better fnvourito fn cooaeq uonbo ;' wlitlat tli6 outaidera In most demand, at last, woro Arbury (who looked ai.d went bo .well that \- many, bearing in mind, too, his last year's por iormonco, ' threw away' a ' flvor' or ' tenner' onthooffohdnco),'Thomastorfn, and Miss Maria, who, it turned out, had been with Chamadb. ueean iriton wont oock a little when soon, nor did Wee Nell becorao so prominent a fuvourlto as was expected ; whilst Emblematic, about whom the utmost curiosity bad been manifested on all sides, went completely out of favour when led into tho enclosure, ready saddled, attended by her noble owner, whose confidence was in noway ahakon by the good-naiured 'chatf' her Ifjrtit, leggy appearance, and ' cocked-hnt rmnp' colled forth. .' She can't fall, and unless knocked over, sho'll como In alone I' was Lord Coventry's open opinion of tho mare, whose fine-drawn frame presented such a contrast to the jolly proportions of her good-natured, well-conducled trainor, as to oliclt from George Scovens (who had never ridden, or ovon icon, Emblematic nntil that moment), tho remark, on being lifted, into tho saddle, of' Sho don't seem as If ahe'd had much corn, my Lord I' On tho other hand, tbo maro is full of redeeming points, such as magntfloent shoulders, immenao depth of brisket, great width across the hips, wicii tho aotion of a greyhound, which, as sho cantered past tbo stand, couied quite a reaction In her favour, and made her backers foel comfortable again. At ono moment, Mr. Jaokson offerod twelvo ' fifties' agninst Emblematic, but iuat before tbo start took placo, she was baoked repeatedly at 100 to 12, and at that price— the falre3t, according to the loading bookmakers, who assisted ua in arriving at a correct quotation of the betting at starling — we have returned her. Jemmy Adams was on the spot to- ride her, in case George Stovena was not sufficiently recoverod from hla severe fall at Derby, the only vbiblo traces of which are a broken email finger on tho left hand ; though from being a fine-mcuthed, tmotoblo, snaflle-brldle- marc, It in no way In tor feted with his riding. The raco was tct for threo o'clock, but it was nearly hiilf-past before tho fivc- nnd-twenty competitors were despatched upon tliolr journey, throughout which it is not oar Intention to follow them hero, as tha raco will bo found fully described below. It will suffice, for the sake of completeness to this portion of our report, to slate that such a 'chapter of accidonts' has not been recorded here or elscwhoro for very many years, ai no fewer than eleven or twelvo of tho fivo-and-twenty competitors wero put hort (te conbat, though not one of thom, fortunately, met with serious oasuallies. No fewer than threo were down at tho artificial wator jump opposite- tho stand, to the great amusement of the ' Lancashire lads,' and it was »t first fearod that both Martha and tho French horse (Harry) wero killed ; but thoy wero only ' pumped out,' and soon rallied sufficiently to walk away to their stables. Tho pace waa a ' crackor ' from start to finish, Ireloy cnt ting out the work the first timo round, throughout which Emblematic laid off until crossing tho Liner clrclo of tho raooeourso, when ehc draw into the front, and wns amungat tho first balf-dozon that jumpod the witter opposite tho stsud, over which Real J.uii, who headed Iroloy just boforo, led. After entering tho en closures to commence the second nn.l last round, Arbury took up the running at suoh n pneo, that it soon found out tho weak points of bis followers, who dropped off ono by one, after lumping Boecher'a Brook, over which be was followed, nt wide Intervals, by Thomastown, Real Jam, Leonidas, and Emblematic, with the latter of whom Georgo Stevens hi led his timo— as sbo Bcemed beaten at one tlmo in tho plough — until jumping Volontine's Brook by tho ciinal-Bldo, when, oil reaching tho grass, ho passed Real Jam and Thomastown, aud overhauling Arbury, it waa reduced to a match between them noarly a milo from home. Bon Land was ' hard ' npou his horso, after landing upon tho raceraurso, but tbo weight, coupled with tho sovoro running be had boon innkiug, told; nnd Stovens, l)in|; a longth or so off until near tho last hurdle, thcru doprlvcd him of tho load, and Emblematio gal loping on, pricking her oars, won in gallant style by four lengths ; nothing else being ' within hall,' though no little importauca attached to; tho con teat between Chester and, Thoinastoivn, both of whom wero rlddou homo for.n, 'placq,' which tho formor sbcurod. 4 ; .-.! : . Tbo loud cheering thaUooompankd tbo roturn of tbo .winner to the enclosure, exhibited the great popularity of iSinblemotic'a uoblo owner, nml pf her straightforward, well-behaved jockey, who rod 0 throughout with tho skill and ja'Igmont that have secured for him the proud position that Tom Olllver alone previously enjoyed— the winner of threo Grand Nationals, two in succession, on o,wn Bisters, for tho same owner, . who, on this .oconelnn, put him on-a 'monkey' for nothing 1 Lord Coventry wins between, £7i.00 , and £8000, ?and the Croxtoth-party and his friend) generally likewiao land good atakes; whilst the public had sniTiclont eorifldonco in Jiis lordship's and Weever'a. judgment to stand ISmblematio, when the latteK.-wos iclcoted by - them,: In preference to thq,bcrolnq of 1863 ; hence,, Emblematic is a bad' winner -for .tho Ring, one of,thomost rC3psoted members of; which ,had;tlio misfortuno to lay, some time, back,, the treble ovent. bet of 10,000 to H against Bopjamin ifinningthe iincoln Han dlo-p, Emblematio the Liverpool Steeplechase, and Scottish Chief tho Derby I, It was ' hard lines' for Mr. Aatley to run second for this great prize two years In succession ; and nobody, w feel sure, will begrudge so good a sportsman tbol winning of a big Btake with Arbury— one of tho 1 old sort, or genuine stump, of steeplechasers— ; beforo the termination of tho present season, i Emblematio (to whom we stood sponsor,, whon n two-year-old), was bred by Mr. Halford, -who sold hor to Lord Coventry, shortly bofore the last ; Liverpool Steeplech»Be, during a visit to Defford, where ho saw her leading, Mr. H.'a young onea Da the common, and waa so atrarir with hor action through Iho mud that his Lordship, though aware, what a wretched two-year-old she was, from having tried her for Mr. H., bought her ; there nnd then, for something under £300. She was a wretched performer on tho flat, and her only efforts (whilst Mr. Halford's) in the jumping line, previous to the present, were in the Hurdle Race, at Worceater,- Autumn Meeting, 1802, wlterein sho rnu fourth to Evorlasting, Butterfly, and Holdersyke, beating seven others; and in a steeplechase nt Upton on Severn, where she fell. Sho did not ran in public last year, and only commenced 'schooling' last season, when, ridden' by Walters, sho generally followed Lord1 Coventry with' tho Hoythrop nnd Cotswold hounds, fn which counties nor stone- wall lumping and brilliant fencing satisfied her noble ownor; thnt she would - turn out a prfza like her sister, and that a socond' 'Liverpool' was within his grasp I .... ? The running of Bantam wo cannot attempt to explain, and bis party seemed completely flabber gasted with his wretched exhibition throughout' the race. Nor mnst wo extend our. introductory remarks further than to compliment Mr. Topham on the very triumphant result of the meeting in1 general, and his two sons upon the businesa-liko manner in .which their onerous and important' duties wero performed. ; ; ; TniS GUASD NATIOSAt. STBEPLEOnASE, Of 20: sova eafch, h. ft., .with. 100 added ; tlio second to savo hia stake ; .winners extra. About four! : miles and a quarter; ,87 subs., 26 of 'whom! declared and .paid . 5 sovs enoh, and 2 did not name. ? . . ? , 1 LordCovcntry'schmEmbletnatle.byTeddlnRton, ' I out of Miss Batty, 8yrs, lOatelb .;(G.SUvens) 1 Mr. J, Astlcy'B Arbury, aged, 11 et Ulb (B. Land) 3 Mr. Dalton's b -r Chcater,a(red, l0st..(W. White) ' 3 Mr. T. M. Naghteu'e b' h Ihomaatown (h b), 1 aged, 15st ..-. ? (Murphy) 4 Capt. Lamb's pocan Witch, 6 yrf, lost Jib ? ! ? (W. Hceves) 0 Mr, i'ldttflinaa's b h Reporter, 5 yra, isst alb . . . . I ? (Cant Towhley) . a Mr. T. Irens's b g 81r William .h b),,6 yra, i ljst 10lb. . ?. : ; .'.?..; ;.?..-.?. ; : ...... . (Mr. Davlson) 0! Mrs W. Murray's- bg Jerusalem, aged, list 101b 1 \- ?..'. ? (Mr. Kdwards) ' O Count CosBett's b g Hnrrr, aged, list alb (Cassidy) 0 Mr. J. Asplnall's ch g Bantam, aged, 1 1st 6lb. . . . , ? .;. ? ^...'.(G. Holman) 0 Mr. T. Hnnt'B b ra Wee NelL aged, list 6lb .:.... : ? .' ? (Knott) 0 Capt. Machtll's ch h Leonldas, 6 yrs, l'»t4lb I (Including 01b extra) ? (C. Boyce) 0 Mr.' Dawson'sbg Serious Case, aged, list 31b.... I ? (G. Wuudlngton) 0 Mr. De Grey'B b g Romeo, aged list. .(F. Martin) 0 Mr. W. Murray's Little Bob, aced, list. (P. Igoo) ' 0 Mr. II. Matthew's b h Portland, aged, lost 151b.. ? I ? ..'.(Mr. A. Goodman) 0 Marquis ot Drogheda's b m.Batanelk, 5 yrs, lost ! 121b ? , ? , ? (D. ifcany) 0 Major WomWU'a Bell's Life, 8 yr«, loat 131b ! (Including 81b extra) ? (Griffiths) 0 Mr. B. J. Angel'a b ^ Ireley, aged, lost lelb ? ' ? .(Mr. It Blake) 6 Mr. J, Lanlgan's b U-Kallonal Petition, aged, lost ' sib.... ? ; ? ..(Monoghnn) 0 Lord Conrtcnny's b m Heel Jam, s jrs, lOstslb. . ' ? : ? -.D. Hughes) 0 Mr. Lawrence's cb'gTHlari Bdrliolme, ageil, lost j 4lb ? „ ? (PoinecB) 0 Mr. T. Connolly's b ra Martha, heed, lost (J. Land) 0 Mr. II. Melville's b-m Mlsa Maria, aged, iojt . . . . , ? (J. Holman) 0 Mr. Sparks 's Silk and Satin, aged. lost. . . (Jcrvisj b Betting: 4 to 1 agst Jerusalem, 5 to 1 ngst Bantam, 100 to 12 agst Emblematic. 10 to I each ag«t Real Jam, Woe Nell, and Serloua Case, 12 to-1 ogat Portland, 25 to 1 each agBt Borneo and Ocean Witch, 30 to 1 agat Martha, 33 10 1 each sgst Tbomastown, Harry, Ireley, aud Boll's Lifo, 4-J to 1 agstArbiiTy, 4&to; 1 agst Ghoster, 60 to 1 ognf Maria; and 1000 to 10 agst Brian Borkoime. ?' Tbe start took place precisely at h»lfrp«it threo, and the front rank, oa they settled into places; befora reaching tlie lane, was composed of Ireley, Weo Noll, Renl Jam, Thnmnstown, Jerusalem,' and -Satanolla; Arbury, . Portland, Choster,' Leonldas, and Bell's Life, heading tho ruck, at the tail of which were Krhblomatic, National Petition, Silk and Satin,' Little Bob, and Sir William, tho latter, who commenced kicking when the BJgnal waa given, actiug as whippcr-ln some distanco aatern. Alter entering the enclo sures, in tne msr- 01 wnicn coo scan lonneriy took place, » fow changes occurred, and at tbo second fence tbe ' chapter of accid^nls ' com menced. Satanallft slipped up on landing, nod her bridlo breaking, Menh'y had to give it up thus early ; whilst Jerusalem, who never rose nt tho leap, rolled over, and' ran about tbo field some time beforo he was caught, whereby be lost no much ground that ho w«b last of overythlng ovor Beecber's Brook. Before reaohlng tills well knotrn l«ap — ipnorantly confounded by somo of the reporters with Valentine's Brook, near the canal — Ireley, who put on the stoatu after jump ing the first fence afongsido of Wee Nell, took a commanding lead, and making uo mistake, went ovor at^ least halt-a-doxen longtha In front nf Bell's Lifo, who was nea-ly as far beforo Wee Noll, who mot with a disappointment ot tho posts and rails beyond, and was thrown into the renr, Tho next lot, separated by a wide Iatorvul from the leading division, aa thoy rounded the extreme tnming flag, oompriBed Arbury, XlioruiMowii, Cheater, Heal Jam, Leonidna, and Brian Borhoimo ; Bantam lying in abont the middle- with ticriona Ctse and Portland, who thus early bold out algnala of distress j while Emblomntio had a clear berth to hors:lf just on their right. Nuthing happened at' Valentino's Br^ok, so far as wo could see or learn, nor was there any diminution in tbe pnee, or In Irelcy's lead, along tho canal side, where, aftor getting over the last f.nce but ono before reaching the racecourse, Portland dropped from sheer oxbaustlon, arid lay, ba his disgusted rider afterwards observed to us, llko a dead cow ! As' Is' generally the case after landing on tbe raceoourse, the rear division began to make up their loe-way on tho turf, and closing up with tha front rank, a good-sizod cirens-sheet would have covered somo dozen or so ns thuy crossed Iho inner circle of the raooeourso towards tho bush fence, noar tbo distance-post, npproaching which Ireloy began to ' como back' to Mb hortes, nnd tiring from tho effects of his own outtiug-down exortiooa, ho jumped It sideways, and ho vory slovouly as almost to disappoint Real Jam, who -took it almost at tho Fame instant, so olosely followed by Arbury, Chester, Thomastown, Loonidna, National Petition, Littlo Bob, Bantam, and Emblematio, that wo cannot attempt to assign their exact positions ; sullko It to. add that from tho wild 'angu- lar' manner in which several of tho lot jumped, it is '«' miracle thoro wns not a far more ecrions Jiasco than at tho s'ueceoding leap, tho artificial water jump opposite tbo stand, whereat a trio of the competi tors oarao to grief. Putting on the Btenm to get clear of hla ' rolling' companion, David nughoa was first over on Heal Jam, nearly a length in advance of Ireloy, at whoso boola, on tbu right hand side (where the greund w»9 higher and the turf hotter going), succeeded Tliomastown aud Chester, which two, and Arbury, who jumped it nt tbo left-hand coruor, wero in tlio air together. About a length hobind them camo Lconidns, Boll'a Life, and Emblematic, tho Utter of whom had a olear tetli to hereolf on tho for Bide, in the track of Arbury, whom Georgo ttev^ns, liko a good general, eoleclod to follow, from a l;now lodp;o that so perfect a fencer would not lend his less cxporiimced but equally clover maro Into misehiol. Tuo not t lot comprised Ocean Witch, Brlau Borhoirao, Bnnlam, Littlo Hob, and Sotioua Case, who woro followed by lteporttr and Woo Noll, 'jut ih what precise order wo ounnnt specify, as tho ' eouBiition scene' of thU exciting drama occurred at this very Instant. Tho performers woro Martha, Harry, aud Koineo, all of whom were so dead beaten, that thoy iloundeted into tho water, but fortuiintoly fell clear of ench other, and in no way injured tbuir ridora. Tbo French hor-6 turned a compkto somersault, aud it was at first feared that both ho aod the Irish mare bad broken neoka or books, as thoy lay on tlio ground motionless though it turnod out they wero only ' puinpedv' and all throe shortly afterwards walked away npparcutly nouo tho worse. Iu tho meantinio, the »rrn;glors pasted by, anil amongst the extreme ' tall' was tho favourite, who nuvor nftorwards ? got 'within bail'5 bf tbo loadiug hoiEes, whom wo must now nccompany during tho lust round— not that we nocil extend 'our narrative to any great length, as tho raco was virtually loft to samo four or flv» aftor crossing' tho lane into tho enclosures, lrolcy had resumed the load after rounding the top turn, but he was there deprived, of It by Aibury, who went on with the running at a tremendous pace, consider ing tbo ttnto of the ground and tho distance already rnn, and jumped Beeohei's Brook the second time half, a- dozen lengths in advanco of Tliomnston, who passed Roal Jam and Iroloy in tho long ploce of plough this Bide of it. The latter fell at tho water jump, from which Leonldas went on fourth, with Emblematic In closo attendance, Brian Borhoimo, Choslor, Ocean WItoh, Serious Case, Woo Nell, nnd Bantam being next, separated by a wido intoi-val from Lord Coventry's mare, upon whom, according to tho jockeys riding in tho race, and the spectators stationed at Valentino's Brook and along tho ounal bank, it looked 100 to 1, 'bar accident,' a milo and a half from homo; Reporter, we should add, as well ob Beli'e Life, having come to grief soon nftor entoiin1' tbe oncloaurea, tho formor from having been struck into, whereby he was badly out. After rounding the extreme turning flag, Emblematic parted company with Lconidas, and jumping Valentlne'aBrook, in advanco of Roal Jam, she passed Tbomastown In tho large grass field by the oanal-eldo, and gradually overhauling Arbury, got within a couple of lengths of him at tho fenco out of it, where Brian Borhoirao fell, and Real Jam dying away at every Btrlde, iho raoo presented a more skeleton appearance than ever, the two leaders being at least 200 yards in advanco of Chester and Thomastown on Jandirig upon the racecourse, and they were half as far 1 befere Sorlous Case, Lconidas, Wee Nell, Ocean Witch, and Bantam, the latter of whom novor showed prominently in tho raco, and was de/ul bpatcn a long way from homo. Littlo remains to bo tiild— the issue, reduced to a- match between Arbnry and Embkmntio for the lust mile, was never in doubt; George Stovens indulging tho heavy-weight with tbo load until near tbcrlast flight of hurdles, when Embloraatio, who mado an opening therein, deprived him of It, and quit ting hor opponent without an' effort, won — 'hands down' — by three lengths ; Chester, who boat Tbom»stoivn t-y four lengths for tho ' place money' attaching to third honoura, finishing nt loast 200 yards behind ' Arbury. Serious Cbbo was fifth over the last hurdlo, when Waddlngton pulled him up, and Ocean Witch passodjhim, but the latter stopping short wlihln 0 strldo or two of the chair, her jockey turned back without passing it. and re-enterod the ODclopnro in com pany witn Leonldis, Wee Nell, Miss Maria, and Bantam, who . walked l in from the distance. Nothing else waa in eight when the crowd broko into tho cQUrso towolcoino tho winner back to Bcale. Not valuo of the stakes, £1040. 