DIARIES OF A LADY OF QUALITY FfiOJl 1797 TO 1844. The " Lady of Quality," whose " Diaries" Mr. Hayward! has compiled in this volume, was the late Miss Frances Williams Wynn, a daughter of that patrician house which during nearly three generations made the name of Grenville famous in England. Her life was spent among her relations, and, as she made it her constant practice to note down all that she heard and saw at Stowe, Wynustay, and in London Society, her reminiscences bring us in contact with much that is worthy of being recorded in the world of politics, fashion, and letters in the first 40 years of the present century. She has much to tell us about George III., the Regent, Queen Caroline, and William IV. She takes us behind the scenes at the Tuileries, and shows us Napoleon at St Helena. She gives us many a pleasant anecdote about the contemporaries of Rogers and Siddons and her literary range extends widely from hints as to the authorship of Junius to criticisms on Miss O'Neil and Macready. Her book, accordingly, will add something to the stores of the historical student, and in any case, will delight those readers who take pleasure in dwelling on the life and gossip of the best society. For ourselves, we will add that if this selection does not prove Miss Wynn to have been a person of remarkable accomplishments, she evidently was a sensible observer, entirely free from prejudice and affectation, while her style, language, and manner of expression are quite worthy of the Grenville breeding. Especially we agree with Mr. Hayward that she shows a thoroughbred dislike of scandal-a rare but an excellent thing in a woman-not that she does not touch the subject, but that she never dilates upon it, and, so to speak, she treats it historically without any personal comments. " I have often thought, in reading Lord Or. ford's Reminiscences that almost anybody might make by writing down theirs, a book which would at least be sure of giving entertainment to the writer, when the recollections it records become less vivid." So wrote Miss Wynn at the age of 16 5 and the first reminiscence she seems to have noted down is not devoid of general interest, although it certainly contradicts the opinion of almost every contemporary. She thus describes Pitt in 1797 .. " I was disappointed in that turned up nose and in that countenance in which it was impossible to find any indication of mind, and in that person which was so deficient in dignity that he had hardly the air of a gentleman. After this first disappointment my every faculty seemed to me to be absorbed in listening. If not tropes, I fully expected the returns of wisdom each time that he opened his month. From what I then heard and saw I should say that mouth was made for eating ; as to speaking there was very little, and that little was totally uninteresting to me, and I believe would have been so to everybody. I was certainly not capable of a very accurate judgment, but I was as certainly in a mood very much to overrate instead of underrating what fell from the great man, and to be quite sure that what I did not understand must be mighty fine." This sketch of Fox at a later period is probably much more true to the original ¡ " At a later period, in the year 1805, I found myself for nearly a week at Stowe with Mr. Fox ; but, as there were above 50 others in the house, with the Prince Regent at their head, the whole thing was a formal crowd, and I could only gaze at the countenance of one whom I should most have liked to hear talk. Certainly in this mixed society he hardly over was heard to speak, but occasionally with some one individual we saw him entering into an animated whispered conversation, and it was curious to wilton the sudden illumination of a countenance which, when silent, had to my fancy, a heavy, sullen look. How far it might even then have been altered by malady I cannot judge, but I know that the next time I beheld Mr. Fox, not six months after, at Lord Melville's trial, I thought I never had seen the ravages of illness so strongly marked in any human countenance. All its animation had disappeared, the leader eyes were almost lost under the heavy eyebrow ; even that appeared to partake in the extraordinary change which all the coloring seemed to have undergone ; the paid, or rather livid, hue of the complexion deepened the sable line of the dark brow, and the whole countenance assumed a lethargic expression." Miss Wynn, as might have been expected, abstains from training the characteristics of her own kinsmen, the three Grenville's, but she thus describes one of their intimates, Windham, as he appeared in " the social hour" : " In my recollection no person appears to have possessed the power of making conversation delightful as much as Mr. Windham. His peculiar charm seems to me to have been that sort of gay openness which I should call the very reverse of what the French term morgue. To all, this must be agreeable, and it is peculiarly delightful to a young person who is conscious of her own inferiority to the person who condescends to put her perfectly at ease." This volume contains a number of particulars respecting George III. and his family, some of which, we think, have not been made public. The following anecdote Badly illustrates the character of his mental malady : " A few days after Sir Henry was walking with him on the terrace ; he began talking of the Lutheran religion, of its superiority to that of the Church of England, and ended with growing to vehement that he really wanted forth its praises, without mentioning that which Sir Henry believes to have been the real motive of this preference-the left-handed marriages allowed. He was very anxious to see whether traces of this delusion would appear again, and went to the Duke of York to ask for information as to the tenets, practices, Ac, of the Lutheran faith. The Duke said Watch him in Passion Week; if he fancies himself a Lutheran you will see an extraordinary degree of mortification and mourning.' Ac. When Sir Henry returned to the assembled physicians he wrote down the substance of this conversation,and,without communicating it to any body reg floated them present to seal the paper and keep it in a chest where their notes and other papers of importance are kept, under locks of which each had separate key. When the Monday in Passion Week arrived, and Sir Henry had nearly forgotten this conversation, he went into the King's dressing room while he was at his toilet, and found his attendants in amazement at his having called for and put on black stockings, bis ck waistcoat and breeches, and a grey coat with black bat- tons." Miss Wynn seems to have entertained the chat table theory that Queen Caroline's errors may have been attributable to insanity : " The idea of the unsoundness of mind of the unfortunate Caroline is strongly confirmed by the following circumstances, related to me by Lord Redesdale in May, 1828 Having been invited to dine with the Duchess of Brunswick at Blackheath, he and Lady Redesdale, coming at the time specified, found themselves there long before the rest of the company. They passed half an hour or tiers with the Duchess, who, having known him from his earliest youth, began talking very confidentially and impru- dently of the misconduct of her daughter, end- ing with saying, Bather excuse is that, poor thing. she is not right here.' He told me, also, and I forget how he know it to be true. that when the Princess was at Baden, and the Grand Duke made a partie de chasse for her, she appeared on horseback with a half pumpkin on her head. Upon the Grand Duke's oppressing astonishment, and recommending a chaffeur rather less extraordinary, she only replied that the weather was hot, and nothing kept the head so cool and comfortable as a pumpkin." We were not aware that William IV. had over contemplated taking the style which it seems he did from the following anecdote and certainly, when we remember the events which occurred soon after his accession to the throne, the prophecy respecting Henry IX. might have been quoted as near verification by Tories of the school of Eldon and Wetherell : " The King had expressed a strong preference for his second name of Henry, which he liked much better than that of William. The day after the death of George IV. Miss Helen Lloyd met the King at tho house of Lady Sophia sydney; also asked him familiarly whether he was to be proclaimed as King William or as King Henry. ' Helen Lloyd,' he replied, that question has been discussed in the Privy Council, and it has been decided in favor of King William,' He added, that the decision had been mainly influenced by the idea of an old prophecy, of which he had never heard before, nor had he any evidence that it had ever been made. The drift of the prophecy was that, as Henry VIII. had pulled down monks and cells, Henry IX. would pull down bishops and bella.' " We loyally tay, " Honi soit qui mal y pense," in transcribing this scene from Miss Wynn'i pages. \--o.M-B«a»ii " On Tuesday, at half-past 2-mile King died, and in a very short time the Archbishop of Canterbury and Lord Conyngham, set out to announce the event to their young Sovereign. They reached Kensington Palace at about 5 ; they knocked, they rang, they thumped for a considerable time before they could rouse the porter at the gates ; they were again kept waiting in the courtyard then turned into one or the lower rooms, where they seemed forgotten by every- body. They rang the bell, desired that the attendant of the Princess Victoria might be sent in to inform her Royal Highness that they requested an audience of importance ; after another delay, and another ringing to inquire the cause the attendant was summoned, who stated that the Princess was in such a sweet sleep she could not venture to disturb her. Then they said We are come to the Queen, on business of State, and even her sleep must give way to that it did and to prove that she did not keep them waiting, in a few minutes she came into the room in" a loose white nightgown and shawl, her night cap thrown off, and her hair falling upon her shoulders, and her feet in slippers, tears in her eyes, but perfectly collected and dignified." Miss Wynn appears to have been too sensible to have been carried away by the rage for the Bourbons which about the period of the Regency was the fashion with most aristocratic ladies, to judge, at least, from their letters and memoirs. In French politics she was evidently an Orleanist, and she insists that Louis Philippe was blameless of any attempt against Charles Norman assertion, we believe, unfounded : " The conversation turned chiefly on England, on those whom they had known there. The Queen spoke of the wonderful change in her situation since they had met in England, and added "Mais stars seen mieux jo me trousers bien plus hen- house, quand, stars de Pretre cote,' meaning in the Palais Royal. Here the Bung, who was sitting exactly opposite, on the other side of the table, interrupted the conversation with Mary, Sir Coutts, jo rous assurance n'est pas de ma faute serious nous tronvons her.' He went on to say how often he had remonstrated with Charles X. on his measures ; how he had foretold exactly that which did happen afterwards and all this was said in the presence of five or six other persons." Of Napoleon and his illustrious antagonist she tells us some details that are interesting. It is new to us that the crew which accompanied the captive Caesar to St. Helena was so dis- affected that he seems to have thought they might have connived had he attempted escaping. The following is an extract from a letter of an officer of Marines on board the Northumber- land : " I believe the object of the guard is to prevent communication with the crew. Napoleon told the admiral that he did not doubt he could get many to join him if he tried and indeed, they are a set of as mutinous rascals OB I ever heard of, though I don't think they would assist him to escape. What I am going to state must, for the credit of the country, be a secret ; they mutinied, and refused to get anchor up at Portsmouth ; the Artillery company, the 63d, and ourselves were under arms for three hours that is to say, till we had sailed. About 20 of the principal seamen were seized and confined but sent away from the ship; and the conduct and language of the sailors now is beyond everything ; they think nothing of striking the midshipmen." We doubt very much the truth of the following : " Napoleon always spoke in the handsomest manner of his great rival the Duke of Wellington, and did not, like almost all of the officers who fought under his banner, attribute their defeat at Waterloo to chance, to a mistake, &c.;" We believe this story is not far from correct ; there is little doubt that on the night of the 15th of June, 1895, the Duke, in the events that had actually happened, allowed that Napoleon had gained one march on him, though he remained perfectly confident as to the issue : "The Duke said he was as far surprised as a man can be who knows he is to expect attack ; he knew that Napoleon would march towards Brussels that Blucher was coming to his relief; he had a frontier of many hundred miles to defend; he could not possibly foresee on what point the attack would be first made and certainly the speed of the advance of Napoleon exceeded what he could have expected or believed possible." It appears like a mockery of history that to this hour It is a disputed education at what place Blucher and Wellington met upon the evening of the day of Waterloo. The common account, commemorated by Maclise on a gorgeous fresco in the House of Lords, describes La Belle Alliance as the spot ; the Duke, in a letter to Colonel Mudford, declared that the meeting was at Genappe and yet he seems to have afterwards fixed upon an inn called La Maison Rouge, and to have mentioned this to Mr. Gleig : " " It is stated on the highest possible authority that the Duke reached his head-quarters at Waterloo about 10 o'clock at night. It is impossible, therefore, that he could have gone as far as Genappe. _ Yet, as he passed through Genappe when falling back from Quatre Bras, and mentions it in his despatch of the 16th, it is curious that he should have confounded it with Maison Rouge, which he afterwards specified as the real place of meeting to the best and most trusted of his biographers, the Chaplain-General." As is well known, there is also a controversy respecting the number of eagles captured from the French army on the day of Waterloo. M. Thiers insists one only was taken, but the following extract from Major Percy s journal the officer who brought the eagles to London, together with the news of the victory recorded for the first time in these Diaries, should set the question at rest for ever : " Come up from Dover in a chaise and four, with three eagles out of the window. They were too long to be shut in it. Went first to the Prince Regent (before he came home) at Miss Basham's, in St. James's-square. Prince much affected. All London thrown into agita- tion people quitting balls and assemblies as the news was conveyed of the wounds or death of relatives, Many ladies fainted. There was a rumor before the news came of a great battle, and retreat, and even defeat. People were much depressed ; therefore the reaction was immense." The volume contains some provoking hints that the secret of the authorship of Junius was known to some of the Grenville family. It seems presumptuous to review the judgments of two such masters of general evidence as Lord Macaulay and Lord Campbell ; but we cannot help thinking that even yet the Franciscan theory may be overthrown in favor of BOOT one connected with the Grenville. We do not know if it has been remarked how thoroughly Junius. not only in his principles, but even in his likes and dislikes, was identified with George Grenville and Temple for instance is estimate of Lord Chatham depends entirely on the varying relations of that statesman with the brotherhood of Stowe; and his violent abuse of the Grafton Administration arose apparently in some degree from the circumstance that it made the breach between Pitt and Granville more impassable. We suspect that the Secret even yet may be found among the archives of Stowe ; but we do not believe, with Miss Wynn, that Temple himself could have been Junius : - "The Duke of Buckingham said that, examining some papers of our grandfather (George Grenville), be found a letter which entirely cleared the matter that he had immediately written this to Lord Grenville, and had offered to exchange his secret information for that which he had always understood was in my uncle's possession. No answer was returned, and the Duke said that, as it was evident that Lord Granville did not wish for any communication on the subject, he thought it more delicate towards him not to make it to any one as long as he lived. Four years have now elapsed since the death of Lord Grenville. and nothing is made known on the subject of Junius. The Duke said that James was not any one of the persons to whom the letters have been ascribed that from the situation in which he found the paper in question he had every reason to believe that his father had never read it The impression left upon the mind of my oratory this conversation was that Lord Temple was the man." Like many fine ladies of that generation, Miss Wynn was very fond of the theatre, and her criticisms on its principal Celebrities are often not devoid of interest. The following, if correct, is certainly curious : " Mr. Greathead told me he was struck with a great difference in Mrs. Siddons manner of reading the witches' scene after the appearance of Guy Mannering. He said it was quite clear to him that Meg Merrilies! had explained to Mrs. Siddons Shakespeare'! idea of the witches, i This he told, me upon my observing with delight upon their totally altered appearance in Drury- a lane Theatre, which I ascribed to the same cause." A love of ghost stories and diabetic, of which there are many details in this volume, was one of Miss Wynne characteristics and we are - happy to add that, beginning in faith, she ended in a sensible scepticism. The following is her mature version of the celebrated legend of the Tyrone Ghost, which, we doubt not had often made young ladies thrill with nervous horror:- , " A discussion on tales of mystery produced a letter from one of the Beresford family, containing an account of the real circumstances of the story. The lady of the velvet bracelet,,,, when about to be married for the second time,' '" really, had a dream warning her of the unhappiness likely to result from the contemplated union. It was well known to all the family of the intended bride that she had been subject to a disorder which had left a deep scar on her wrist-long before the visitation of the burning spirit and she had covered this year with a J velvet bracelet most carefully ever since it had, been formed." Miss Wynn died in 1857, having outlived, we regret to say, the palmy splendor of the House of Grenville Her book, without any pretence to genius, is a sensible and well-written resume of the observations of a patrician lady who lived much in the grand monde, and as such we . commend it to our readers. 