TO WOOD'S POINT AND BACK. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-If your first glance at the heading of this letter does not induce you to consign it to your waste-paper basket, on the not unjust grounds that the subject has lately been done to death by "own," "spécial," and every other species of correspondent, you may, per- haps, think the followting description of one of the pleasentest trips, during a life .con- sisting mainly of a series of trips, of sufficient interest to your. readers to give it an in- sertion. The route chosen was that lately opened beyond New Chum, known as the Yarra track, originally marked by, I believe, Mr. Sinclair, assisted by a bushman named Robely, and subsequently marked by a Go- vernment survey or with a view to clear the track of scrub. But, alas 1 like nil things done by Government, the surveyor's tracks are simply useless, being made, apparently, with the view to confuse the track-clearers and travellers, and to exaggerate the imperfections ard mistakes of the original marked line. Wherever, for Instance, an unnecessary elbow bas been made in the original line, the Go- vernment surveyor seems to have thought it necessaiy to put his marks along the outBido arc of tho elbow, even though by marking tho ohord ' he' would have made the road shorter and over better ground; and where an inappreciable devia- tion would havo given an ascent with an easy gradient, without very materially in- creasing the distance, ho has preferred mark ir g tho line up hills almost as steep as the wull of a house, for a purpose apparently analogous to tho famous operation of the King of Frauce, who, " With twenty thousand iron llarched up Clio lilli ana then marched down again." The first object of interest after leaving tho coach terminus at Now Chum, is the dis- tant view of Mount Strickland, from the ranges between New Chum and the Watts Uiver, which latter is a boauliful stream of great breadth, shallow, pebbly, with a rapid current, and in eveiy other way admirably adapted for trout, if not salmon. After traversing the valley of the Watts, the first of tho mountuins is ascended, and tho ascent may bo Bald to con- tinuo with very short interruptions until the Bummit of Mount Strickland is reached, from wbmce a few miles ot descent brings the traveller to what is at present his first stage irom Melbourne, Paradise PlainB-an opening in tho forest of about eight acres. Tho noxt day's journey is not so mountainous, thero being but one great ascent, viz., the hill at the Big River, and the night'b stage is ' Sinc'uir's," an accommodation house, obout thirteen miles from Wood's Point. This second day's ride is peculiarly interest- ing, presenting many tentures ot novelty to tho traveller. In the fiiBt place, tho timber is the Btmightest mid tallest I havo ever seen, vhethi r among the eucalypti of Tusuiania, or the innes of i he Huon or tho Jungfrau. A great extent of this forest of gigantio growth is iikeManfred's"blasted pines"ot the Jungfrau " Wrecks of a tinglo winter, harklcss, bruuchlcu ; A blighted trunk upon a cursed root." Although the theory of the miners and bnsh men is that these trees were killed by the efltcts of " Black TLurbday"-a mistake evi- dently, as the extent of the natural atmo- spheric wear and tour of tho branchos öhowd tLat the date of their death mu;t have b;en long anterior to that day. The effect of these trees on the scenery is very tàugular, looking in the misty twilight like the ghosts of untediluvian forests risen from their pros trutiou of egos to hold ghostly conclave over tho wondrous chango which is bjing wrought, in their quondum holitudeB, by those arch magidaui-timo and gold. Tnero are alsj tome of the most beautiful shrubs, prehenting e^iy rimde of green, forming a well coloured lorcground, with the assistance of the white withered tret s and occasional red and Bcarleb withering leaves, to tho back-ground of moun- tains, presenting every shudo of blue. In the densest scrub, too, thero are many birds which are either never seen or ara very scarfe in the lowlands among the finest of which are the lyre bird, and a parrot Bimi lar to the New Zealand kakopo. I havo no doubt wore Professor M'Coy or Dr. Mueller to make the trip, they would succeed in adding to both tho fauna and flora of Victoria. ' The labt day's lido from Sinclair's into Wood's Point is an easy one, the a-cent being pretty gradual, and but one very steep descent. T ho first digging~Bubuib reached is Toorak, about seven uiilea from " the Point " (as the capital is colloqutalised by the minera.) A few milts lutthcr on the traveller reaches Fruerald-hill, from whence into Wood»Point is a coutiuueiis descent of threo miles, tho last half mile being utmost a piecipici, from tbo top of which theio is a capital bird's-eye view of tho town-hip in tho valley, about which busy men may bo Been swarming like ants, some building, some digging, and many engaged in canying timber; mau being the only working animal at Wuod's Point. The hum of machinery in tho distance, too, breaks on tho ear with peculiar dibtinctness, owing to the stillness of the surrounding woods, and the rarity, I presume, of the atmosphere, which must be boro some 4,000 feet above the sea-level. Descending into the town, ono feels that tho eye of the Wood's Point public is scan- ning the individuals of which Hoyt's coach (IIB the Indian-file procession of mounted and jaded travellers is called) is composed, and one subsequently hears (through the thin wooden partitions of the hotel), perhaps, a not very flattering word-picturo or oneself, with an expression of wonder, possibly, whether the original is a bloated capitalist, a reporter, or a vihitor merely. Muking due ulio«ance for the chaotic cha- racter of the place, the hotels are tolerably comfortable. Of two-FOOB' and Kenedy's-I muy fay, from personal experience, they are, under the circumstances, very comfortable, and the charges appeared to mo (after riding tho read over which supplies aro packed on horseB) exceedingly moderate, AU to the grentolject of the busy communi- ties nestling in thetc mountuiuB- tho gold my opinion may not bo worth much, when I ccnfetB that I know nothing of tho bcience of peology or the practice of mining ; but, on the à priori assumption that like indications will give similar results, it appears to me that within a very short timo, sufficient lor tho erection of the necessary machinery, this dis- trict will contributo to the AustralaBiau gold supply as much UH, if not mor.i than, all the othei sources put together, New Zealand in cludt d. There are at present only three small crushing-mnchiues, driven by water. There will loon, however, be added three of greater power, driven by steam-ono at Wood's Point, one at the L'clifton reefs, and one at the All Nations'Reefs. Tho quartz appears to yield from four or five to lorty-four, and in one inbtunce- tho tiial crushing of the All NationB- ninety-five ounces to the ton. The dimensions of the veins of quartz through the dibtrict vary from a few inches to eight or nine feet in thickneíB, and fiom a few yards to a quarter of a milo in breadth. On tho Morning Star-hill the quartz is disposed horizontally, in distinct layers at different depths; while at Emerald-hill the quartz-ieefa are vertical, running from the Burfaco down to, as yet un fathomed depths. Notwithstanding the more than fabulous richness cf the quartz, I should say that, at present, theEe gold-fields offer but a precarious chance of gain to the working class indivi- dually. When, however, the requisito ma- > ehinery is erected, thero will bo almost un- ' limited employment for the labouring class. I have very lillie doubt, from what I saw during the many 6hort excursions I made | from Wood's Point, that before five years elapse, even with a continuance of the inge- nious obstruerions to progress which have beon BO far provided by a benign ' Go- > vernment, the district in that neighbour-, hood will provide remunerative rcctipation for a population exceeding C0,000 souls. ' Were the Ministry desirous of really be- nefiting this colony, they could not well' .have a better opportunity than the present: for, by opening up a road to and bayoud Wcon's Point, not only'will now fields of labour be provided, but land, which other- wise would continue as upeless at BO much ocean, will Bell for from £60 per acre, where .ever, townships are required, and BO more "than repoy the cost of the road-making. ' . Lfenr, Sir, I am exceeding the limits al- lotted to coirespondents in your columns, and must, therefore, conclude with tho re- commendation to all who desiro a chango of climate and ti mpcruturu a?. compLte as can be obtained by a voyage to the Highlands of I Scotland, or tho Chillet on the summit of the1 Rhigi, and to all who delight in novelty, both1 in scenery anti modo of life, to m ike the trip, from .which I havo derived to much gratifi-i cation, assuring them that they will meet, with no very formidable difficulties on the rotd, and that at the termination of the journey up they will meet with a commu-t nity whose disttnsmishlug characteristics | ni pear to be an ovoifiowing courtesy of de- meanour and kindly bonhommie, coupled with a manly sente of perfect independence and equality, not the overbearing equality, to uso a contradiction of terms, arising from the' conrciouB possession of physical or picuniaiy pewer, but that which exists wherever thero IB a desire to offer kindness aud civility to one's feiiow-creitures; in point of fact, as cousin Phoenix would say, wherover " nature's > gentility," j ollshed or unpolished, ia found. In a subsequent letter I may return to the' varions objects of interest in this very inte- resting dintrict, and brbg your reader-", if they care to accompany m», " back " to Mel- i bourne. . I I am, &c;, V. s. . 