CAPE MORETON. [ßV ELECTRIC TKtBOKAI'H.] AKltlVAtS. November 25 - Williams, s , from tin. Noi th ern Ports, at 3 45 p m At 1 p in a «choona «as in tin. offing, bound south _ IPSWICH STEAMER-Tho Biisbiine will start from tho ASN Co's whaif, at 7 o dock this moi mug The City of Brisbane s , will leave forSyduoy, at half past 4 o clock this evening 'Hie Wild Wat o and Fxchnngo pissed down the mer on lhursday last, loaded \tlth tiool fi om Ipswich, for shipment per Young Australia The rilen Collin, with tillo« and hides, and tilt. Hamlet s Ghost, with horns and bones left Harris' wharf the same evening for that tes ti Tho Settle! s , carno down fioin T ps» ich vc» tenUu, with 50 bales of wool for «hipmcnt nor the Q 3 N Co 's steamers She aLo brought down 150 bales wool and 17 casks tallo« for shipment direct to London by the Corn« allis In the afternoon the steamer took on board 50 bales of wool at Raff s whai f, foi export bt the same vessel The "William* s , left Rockhampton on lues day last at 4 20 a in , but stuck on the uppt r flats until the evening as during the morning tide there wis onlt 0 feet 8 mellis «atei on the flats At 0 15 pin on the sime day sho anchored oil the Pirate Bank On Wednesday she neighed at 515 a in , eleni ed tho litziot at 6am, und urrived at Gladstone at 1 p m , ut 3 25 p m she proceeded, and got alonB«ido the Maryborough «half on 'Ihur-day nt 10 a in She left fo- Brisbane at 3 30 p m , but anchored for the night in Wide Bav On friday nt t 15 n m Bho got undei weigh, crossed the Wide Buy bar at 7 25 a m , and arrive I at the what f hci c at 7 40 p m The Balclutha, s s , and Star of Australia s s, were passed bolo« the upper Huts in the Fitzroy, and tho Pacific, «choonei, (noting out, at the mouth of that mer Hie Clarence, s, was parsed on tho morning of Wednc«dn), steaming to the noit'i The Queensland s , bound to Gladstone nu I Rock hampton left Murtboroiuh for (lu north at the bamc time that the Williams departed on her Tovage for Brisbine The schooner Uncle Tom arrived at the river bar yesterday, having rounded Cape Moreton at l p.m. on Thursday last. She is from the South Sea Islands, and has on board a number of Islanders engaged by Captain Towns for his plantations. The health officer, Dr. Purdie, was to have visited the vessel yesterday but, owing to some unforeseen contingency, the Premier, s,. which was to have conveyed him to the bay, did not return from Ipswich. This morning Dr. Purdie will proceed to Lytton on horseback, and thence take a boat to the schooner. A telegram was received from Lytton yesterday, stating that a death had taken place on board the schooner, and that the presence of the coroner was required. lhe paddle steamer Bullnrat, winch at one time was supposed to have become a total «reck at Malua Peninsula has been safely beached in Freeman's Bay She left îuipier on the 26th instant, in command of Captain Turner and in consequence of a strong «esterly wind prevail mg on Saturday lust, she put m at Hicks' Bay, where she took shelter until Monduy etcuiug, when «leam was again got up, and she pro coeded on her pussnge to this port, nintmglieie on Wednesday morning We mulei st und that the damage sustained to her is but tuning Her engines aro to be tho'ougldt otcrhnuled by Messrs Vickert and Mu«efltld, und in a short time she may be expected to be in «orking order again -Southern Cios?, November 7 The Amy, s s , from Bl isbanc, ai i ived at Poi t Denison on the 11th Not ember 'Hie folio« mg account of her passage is taken from tho Foil Denison Times of tho 12th instant -lho Amv left Brisbane at lpm on the 31st Otlobei , anchored outside the bar foi the night On 1st November, at 5 a m got i nderncigh it 8 pm off Mooloolah On the 2nd, at 7 n in passed Double Island Point «nul S P , at 11 o m crossed Wide Buy bin und pioeeeled up tho bay , as 1 p m tho 1 i.glt, steamer, passed boundtoStdney atöpni «indN , still bl cc¿c at~ 7 pm, the wind freshening came to an anchor On tho 3rd, wind N , blott ing hard , at 6 a m got undent ci0h and steamed to the White Ohfls Frasti s Island, and brought up there, wind bio« ing too hard to proceed , at noon the Queensland, steamer, passed, bound to Bns bane ut 5 pin steamed fuilher down the bay for shelter On the lth «nid N and still blowing hard On the 5th, ut daybreak «teamed out of Heriot a Bay, wind drop ped On the Oth light air from NL at 7 a m a steamer parsed inshore, supposed to bo tho Clarence , ut (J p m abreast of 1 uti ig Island On the 7th wind L On tho 8th, calm, at day break sighted the Percy Islands, and passed to the east» ard of them , at 1 p m passed a topsail Echoonci, bound south, naino unknown On tho 9th, light and baffling wind i nt G p m abreast of Sir James Smith s Group, nt 8 p ra dark and foggy, brought up tor the night On the 10th got under« cigli nt daybreuk, wind NW, blotting fresh, nt 4 p m nbreuBt of Port Molle, at 5 p m « nid Tcered mund to E N \f , at mi lnight oil Cupo Gloucester, ran into tho lim bom under cun va», and hove to till da\light , on thu lilli, nt 6am, got up steam, nnd dropped nuclioi about 7am 