' Tho General's' View of tho Cup Day. Dkai; Bell, — The now club has been unlucky in its commencement. Fine weather was all' that was wanted, and fine the weather certainly was not. But with all its draw backs, tlio old course presented a glorious sight, a crowded hill, aud a crowded stand j the ladies in their light summer costume, the Governor, and all the swells. What would it not have been had we been favoured with ouch a day as wo have .1 right to expect in November. Nothing but a' bright blue sky and shining sun was wanted to ensure, a very great imcocss. How devoutly did I wish that the architect of that grand stand was exposed to the pelting of the pitiless storm as I waa — that ho had the drippings from a thousand umbrellas trickling down his neck, and that he wore subsequently laid up with an attack of rheumatism. In this climate it always does ono of two things — it either rains with a tropical vengeance, or tho sun beams down on ones devoted head enongh to frizzle tho wool off its top. The great desideratum on a stand then is shelter — and that is just whnt thore ii not on the Melbourne grand stand. Ten shillings is too much to pay for tho chance of being washed away, or burnt to death, liven tho Iadio3 — poor Httle dears — wero camping about in all inannor' of curious, nooks and coiners, pic tures of misery, instead of emblems of hap piness and joy, as they should bo, and would bo under moro favourable circumstances. It was doubly provoking after EUery had been attempting to prove Haxby an impostor, that the very next day ho had marked as dan gerous should turn out a genuine Saxbeian one — a iine blowy morning, leading one to entertain delusive hopes ; but there is uo denying Sax by now. Tho Cup day has shown nun to bo the only true prophet; when all those wlio vaticinate on horse matters have gone so widely astray, missing The Lantern, which would have enabled them to weather the storm. What will ' Old Chum' siy now ! Will he own that something good can come from Maribynioii'? Second— first and second, and first and third That's pretfcy good to commence tho season with. The stable that wan considered by many good judges not to have a ghost of a chanco of pulling off a single event Blood will tell, Sir. Tho littlo gentleman in beginning to reap : the fruits of his pluck and persoveranee, and I believe every 0119 on tho course — perhaps excopting aji old chum or two— was delighted that the Cup had fallen into such good hands. How tuunsing, Sir, to read the tips tlio day after tile fair. Joo Muggins's elegant nursery rhymes : ' When Kosc aud Chrysolite lag behind, Awl Lantern bolta and runa unkind, Who will not then misfortunes mind 7 My FlBhcr,' The littlo man certainly looked uncom monly happy under his misfortunes. Then, ' Hie diddle dlddic. The l'-Kt's Hint fiddle.' I expect some of the big touts Iinghed too at the wrong corner of their tffi»utiis wfcen i 'the big bullock' came down the tree, and was so neaf walking njif with, tho fratt. Then ?? Httle I'lill. OwvlliiK Wilh kIcowoVt be tew'-lng,' to think that his IJJrminatn n was ed^pswl by tho ntore lniUian* light that short* 4rc-m the Lio,t%rn of MmiJSyruon^. ; Talfcrag about irncing, Sir, there's uto race to ctyndl a hancEoa'p. I'm not goiu£;!t» run dntmt&K;] Derby, 'w Oaks, 'or keger, ^because tluweiTAcea intihne will bergood ones'; tout at present, whilst 'tmr popuhition is oaitsll, and trahii*g estahiiiBiment3 few, handjrciijis must lwjiflcr 'greift races.' Ellis Xlelbmtiiic Cup is an ex.imjSq, -n. proof tthat the 'Club can mjily make 3i mistake tn futures TOth their «yea open. A. fjreat handicap with a large ?bouns added will alwt.ys attr*dt a most aramcrous CTtoy. tt pizzled ,t!ie Tory belt judges to -idk a winter. Olio {(ink! judge uwore by Snfinrn, and Saturn 011I3; ' r-atuni htuc winner. Safe ae a, Sinner.' Won't it fee plummy ?' when' weVe won all the lnoner ? Another Si-t pinned tlKir faith to ?Fleur-dc-lljia, imd wiwn't there a ring «f ?admirers yrhta sho Stripped tosafidlo in tho enclosure. SSie' lookeB. bloominj; indeed, but too fivt TUen Musi&tra;, Roobuct, Barwon, each had lin« adinh'tsrs and supporters. I rcmetnlxir, SSr, going iover Mr. Fitliei-'s stud somo thus ago, aud .vrlule we were standing in LiateriTe box, a little quiet chaff toofc place about ihe Cop and Ascot Vale. In reply to tiiis badinage Mr. Filgato let fall the following remark :—' Well, now, I should not mind takisg a small bet that wo run first and second for tho Ascot Vale, nnd that if we do 'win Oto Cup, it will bo by tho horso you. are unw looking at. That wasn't far wide of the mark, 'Old Chum,' was it? Lantern, by Muscovado, a very neat, wiry, 'compact, lightish-brown colt, with Cst 31b 011 his back, seemed to me just the horse to do it ; and I can only account for his not being a better favourite by tho fact of his being trained privately, and that the touts, Httle and big, bad not Seen enough of him. How on earth could you mako such a mistake a3 that, says So-and-so, after the. race, to back Musidora through thick and thin, whilst there was a- fine three- yr-61d liko Lantern, with Gst only on lu's back, as fit as a fiddle, and able to carry that weight for two miles at a great paou ? It is so easy to pick the winner after tho race, and account for his winning bo cleverly, l'oct surprised every one except a select few who had seen tho horse go. The old adage, 'givo a dog a bad name,' applies to 1'oet. I know that Sam. Waldock always had a good opinion of him, and anticipated his running well. But Roebuck disappointed everyone; it seemed, as- if -tho horse could not move over the croundin its heavy, sticky state, Musidorn's chances being also regardod less and less as tho rain came down. It is all this uncertainty that makes a groat han dicap raco so attractive- to the million. Every one has a blind in it — from tho swell who invests his thousands, to the timid hand who ventures his fiyo bob iu a sweep, and looks unutterable tilings, unless ho draws a. winner. The Chester Cup, tho City and Suburban Handicap, and such races, iu the old country, are groat betting races, whenever tho Admiral turns out a good seal :-? of weights ; and a good fair handicap for the Melbourne Cup will always attract a tinu field to face the starter's flag. I should liko to sec somo greater inducements ottered to the horses :rom tho neighbouring colonies. There may bo many another Poet whoso fame is yofc unknown, that we may induce to pay us a visit, aud contend for tho proud position of Poet Laureato, which the Tasmanian hero was so near achieving. Nineteen horjC3 at tho post is a result tho liandicappers may well be proud of, and ono which I have no doubt may be improved upon in following years. Tho great two-yr-old race attracted a line iield of young ones, and tho descendants of The Premier, Fisherman, and Boiardo were pitted against ono another. As far as looks wont, tho gallant Fisherman decidedly had the call, for a liner-looking (illy than the winner I do not care' to look upon, aud the raco was as hollow ns that which preceded it, nuithor Maidstouc nor Tho Druid having the ghost of a ' chance with tho Mnrihymong ilioi-d, or ovon tho despised Miranda. This was a good boginning for the littlo gentle man, aud a favourable omen for tho great event to follow. It was soon after this raco that .'Aquarius' put in an appearance, nnd a damper on tho hopes of those who were taking stock of tho terribly high-bred cattle iu tho cuolosurc. Down came tho rain with a vengeance, and a general rush took place to find drier quarters. Tho rain mado tho courso very heavy and sticky, and tho raeo was iu consequence a comparatively slow-run one, Tiie road was well patronised, and I am sure, if it had been fine instead of wet, the throne of drags, carriages, and cars would have been double. I don't believe in that road, however, Mr. Editor, and I mean to have a shy at it until it is remedied. It must bo fenced-in, to begin with, or rather made first, and fenced-iu afterwards. Several cars got bogged, and tho Telcrrapli hi' coach, true to its title, was swamped, and had to be pushed out by the otitis and ins who came gallantly to tho rescue. But this is the kind of fun the million deiiijht in, and those who give chaff and get it bock in return would consider tho Cup day slow, unless relieved by some Httle excitement of that kind. To a racing man the day, on the whole, was slow, in one sense. There was but one race, and that would not have been a raco at all, if Master Lantern had not taken it into bis head to bolt, just as tho finish was at hand. Young Davis brought him round again ad mirably, and it was lucky for Mr. Fisher that it happened where it did. Queer thing, Mr. Editor, is it not,. that two horses enjoy ing tho reputation (if bolters should come in lirat and second for the Melbourne Cup ! The running for ' the great race' will, of course, throw considerable light on future events, and the dangerous ctable will now hold tho first place in the betting market. I must wind up my yarn with congratulating 'the littlo gentleman' on his luck, and wink him plenty more of it, also. his trainer, Mr. Fil gate, for the capital condition his string are 111\. He has come ' John Scott' ovor us for once, and caught us all napping. Even you, friond 2fuw)tiam Donnio, must lave been winking one eye, and had the other not quito open, to have been unaware of what they were doing so snugly and so quietly down iu that pretty retreat; on the Saltwater river. Was there no 'Old Chum' to enlighten you? Your quondam correspondent might havo improved hia health mid his pocket if hu had done a little more touting and lesa twaddla aueut this ' Maribyrnong stable,' wliich has come out iu such forca. Like poor old Flying Buck, his day is past, and he will in future hojd the rose and black in more respect. — Yours, THE GEXEItAL, ' 