/ . VAUGHAN PETTY SESSIONS. < \-- Thursday, October 6. (Before T. D: S. Heron, Esq., P.M., and Dr. Malcolm. J .l'.l The Dog Act. — Mr Thomas Bodcia and Messrs Ball and Welsh were -severally sum moned for allowing their registered dogs to wan der at lame, but the charues a sains t them were dismissed'/ Jimboni was fined 5s for having an unregistered dog in his possession. Daniel Hill, Baptista Pedro, George Weston, James Gregson, and Jones, were each fined 5s for a like offence. Public House Offence. — John Bennis ap peared to answer a charge of allowing billiards to be played on his premises during Sunday; The complaint was laid by Police Constable Molloy, and Mr Fitzgerald appeared for defendant. The constable stated that on passing by he heard the rattling of balls as if persons were playing at billiards; He went inside, /but by the time he got into the room the parties had got the alarm and all was quiet. He. then cautioned defend ant not to. allow playing on Sundays. On , his return, about half au hour afterwards, he again hoard, as ho thought, persons playing, but de fendant, being outside on the watch -for him, got in before him and put the balls in his pockets. Two wifnesses- wore called by the police, who distinctly said they, were not playing tlie game for drinks or any tiling else, bat admitted knock- ing the balls about; The .Bench dismissed the case. " . ' Debt Cases.— Moorhead and Co. v. Ah Ting. Claim of £2 7s for goods. sold and delivered. A verdict was given for the amount, and the de fendant sentenced to 48 hours' imprisonment for contempt of Court. James Vincent was sum moned for 14s by Mr Spinks; the debt was ad mitted and dhe'-amount paid.. Grog Seizure.— Mr John Smith, of Yapeen, was summoned by the police to show cause why certain liquors, &c.;, seized by virtue of search- warrant 0n the information of George Gardner, should uot be confiscated. Mr Makinson ap peared for the complainant, and Mr. Fitzgerald for the defence. The affidavit and warrant were handed in, and Senior-constable Sullivan proved the seizure was made on the 26th September ; saw n0 measures or glasses, except what glasses were on the ; shelves, as if for sale. George Gard - ner deposed that he was the informer in this case ; he was a neighbor and lived opposite to Smith's store ; had frequently seen parties com ing from the store with drink ; was a licensed publican himself and believed defendant sold drink without a license; a person once brought drink from the store and drank it in his publichouse. The line of Mr - Fitzgerald's defence was that Mr Smith had applied to the bench of magis trates in Castlemaine for a publican's license, that the advertisement had been inserted in the Mail, and that the law had been complied with in every respect by his client, who had no idea of at- tempting to defraud the revenue ; that the appli cation had only three days to run, when the seizure was made. The Bench decided that the liquor be given up to Mr' Smith, and on the application of Mr Fitzgerald, granted a license, dating from the application to the Castlemaine Bench. A beer license was granted to John; Sinclair Guildford. . . : = "/ Butler vBirt. — Charge of encroachment by erect ing a fence across a track or road in common use. The offence being clearly proved, defendant was fined Is aud costs, and directed to remove the fence immediately. ' The Court then adjourned. ' ' Why is a gluttou like' a ghost ' ?;— Because he's always agobbli-i. / 