THE ANT PLAGUE OF INDIA. (From the 'Madras Athenoenm.') The Governor of St. Helena, when he begged for a recipe to prevent the ravages of white ante, can scarcely have expected that the simple request'would call into existence eo much inventive genius, bo many curious remedies, And so numerous a brood of contrivers. Yet, as far as we are able to judge, there does not appear to have been found one specific that will perform what the Governor wants—the j destruction of tie ants. If the holes be plugged up withjvegetable wax, and a sharp look- I ; out ; be kept for intrusions in an unwaxed locality, it seems only natural that the white ants, which are not destroyed or injured, should tunnel in another direction, and invade, with tenfold vigour, the neighbouring premises. In the same way with the other schemes. All that they amount to is that, with great vigilance, plenty of wax, petroleum, or other medicameut, an easy opportunity of examining every portion of floor, roof or beam (bow seldom is this the case), and abundance of time to apply the remedy, some particular building may be largely preserved from the ants. We very much question whether a much simpler remedy, one known to every housewife, oamelythat of pouring boiling water down the beds is not infinitely superior to any of the schemes yet presented to his Excellency of St. Helena. Vigilance with this will succeed but who can be so vigilant as to detect evety outbreak or prevent the white pests from performing their favourite trick of of eating away the inside of beam or joists before the slightest puueture is made through tbe polished but flimsy shell which alone remains. We greatly fear that the St Helenese will have to suffer yet longer the evil that has well nigh worn out our patience; * Have the ingenious experimenters, who are so sharp at circumventing tbe white ants, ever thought of watching the operations of a colony? Did they ever notice that it frequently happens that a building that has been infested with white ants becomes suddenly free from them? Have tbey never broken into the earthen archway made by the persevering masons, and discovered that no masons appear to remain? The habitation is perfect, arch, house, ] store, all remain as when the clumsy-looking i architects bustled through them; but not an individual is left to tell the tale of massacre and death. Have they ever wondered how it is that we are not overrun with white ants to a degree far exceeding the plague of the Atlantic islet? Whether they have or not, others have had the patience to examine into the habits, the victories, and defeats of the devouring race; and most interesting is the result of tbeir enquiries. Our readers know very well that there are many species of the art. There is, facile primxps, the white ant (we shall eschew learned terms, which could only obscure our remarks) with its clumsy pasty-looking body, not so small at the waist proportionallyas half the bel- !( les of these or former, days. Upon his nose is i a black spot, marking the whereabouts of those formidable pincers which gnaw through the hardest wood, and make nothing of brisk and chunam. Then there is the great black ant, surely the ugliest beast ever seen, with nothing to relieve his homeliness (as our Yankee frieud says) bnt a steady good temper, which uever allows him to bite tbe most delicate member of the human family. How he scampers about reminding oae of the individuals who are always harrying after some, to them, certain prize, and always remaining empty. Who ever saw a large black ant catch anything, except it were a graiu of sugar out of a basin left uncovered by some careless servant? Then there is the small black ant, also a very active individual, but seemingly a most uncompanionable creature for he is never seen jogging in company with a friend or brother. Lastly, and most important for our purpose, is the malicious red act, never better pleased than when griping with all its force at some unfortunate leg or arm. He is a moat ferocious beast—the Bengal tiger of the lower creation. That little piushead of a cranium is all mouth, and opens and shuts like a pair of scissors of the kind used by hedge-cutters, with solemn-looking blades of substantial width and thickness at the back. They may be seen any day marching in batallions across the floor or up the wall each, oue following close after his leader's tail, and smelling his way on. If the creatures have eyes at all, they very seldom use them, for they will pass within the sixteenth of an iucli of a delicate morsel and take no notice of it. These little red-headed, black-tailed insects tied together with slenderest of red necks or bodies (which is it?), are the salvation of India and Indians from a white ant tyranny. The World does not present a more unequal contest, as far as the size of the combatants is concerned, where the tiny morsel of an assailant attacks so bravely, fights so skilfully and conquers so readily, than when the little red ant meets a white one. Those in search of excitment we can recommend to watch an attack upon a white ant community. Suppose, for instance, the destroyers have taken possession of a'piece of wood lying upon the ground an active young red in his travels happens to discover it, and falls foul of a white. With the ferocious agility of a tiger be immediately opens his jaw and throws himself upon the enemy—a little row-boat boarding a threedecker. His favourite device is to drop upon the white just behind the head seize him in the belly, throw his tail over the enemy's back out of the way of the white's jaws, and then bite at the vitals without possibility of defeat. But the white is a sturdy foe. Immediately he feels tbe thrust of the red's jaws he usually makcb a conclusive leap, sometimes to a considerable distance, and theu rolls over and over, intending to crash his assailant or make him relax his hold. Very seldom does the ruse succeed, for no leech ever clings tighter than a red ant After a short struggle, a fit of trembling proves that the white is becoming exhausted. In a little, while more he falls over on his back, violently working his legs and antenna:. A few more struggles and tremblings and the fight is over, when the red marches off victoriously, pushing his gigantic fallen foe before him till he enters iu triumph the gates of his own habitation. Often, however, it happened that the dead Goliath is too heavy for the puny David to carry off Not to be disappointed of his booty, he caiis to his. assistance a brother red. They proceed in tbe most businesa-like manner, to bite off the liead, and anatomise the body of the white, till it jg divided into portions easy of conveyance, when each walks off with a piece. We should have mentioned that the first who discovers the prize hastens back to the rest to publishes his tidings, and presently comes forth again the leader of a myriad, and it is the exploits of any individual of tbe myriad that we have been describing. The reds are, however, sometimes defeated for, if by accident, when they come near a white, they happen to be athwart his nose, the white brings down his pair of shears And nips the red across the loins. In such a case there is no hope for tbe red. After a decent amount of struggling, the red allows himself to be cut in two, and give up the ghost, permitting the victor to make a show of the dinjosta membra. It is, however, quite touching to see the evident fear of the whites during the attack. If out of their hole, they run from side to side in tbe utmost trepidation. Foes are on every hand, aud they know it. Usually, however, at the first alarm thqy rush to their holes. The Hector and Achilles of their number station them selves at the eutrance, with stretchedout necks bearing at their extremities bayonet-looking piniers aad bristling antennae. With nothing but bayonets and bristles outside of the opening, they wait for the foe. Presently, when a red appears, the neck is suddenly outstreached still more, and the rattling of the bayonets among the legs of the red bid him decamp. If, unfortunately, the head should be outside, not all the bravery of the white Achilles cati save him. But we have never seen a narrow well- defended hole captured by a red folorn hope. We have omitted many intcrestuig details for want of space, or we could have told of the self-evident elation of the reds, of their different modes of warfare, of the engineering skill of the whites and their untiring perseverance. One thing is certain, viz, that to the red ants we are more or less indebted for our comparative freedom from their white brethern, If we could send a few red Queens to St Helena we should provide no slight assistance for the destruction of the ant plague. 