BRITISH & FOURlCiX EXTRACTS. Love and Suicide. — On Monduy morning (Juno 20) Mr. Langhnm, jun., held nn inquest upon the body of Anne Rayner, aged 20, n ser vant of No. 18, Prince's gate, London, who com- mitted suicide by hnnging herself. It appeared that the deceased had been keeping company with a young man, but for some reason he had recently broken off the engagement. This so preyed upon her mind that, on Thursday last, she hung her self. Before doing so she wrote two letters, one to her mother, and the other to her brother. In the latter she remarked, " With trembling hand aud aching heart I write to you a few lines, when I shall be better off. This is all owing to George. When I am gone perhaps he will look in my face." She concluded by giving her love to several of her relations. A letter was produced from her young man. In it he staled that a man ought to love a woman' before he makes her his wife. lie thought that, after what had pass ed between them for the last few months, they should not bo able to agree. He hoped that she would meet with some one who would make her happy. The jury returned a verdict of " Tempo rary insanity." Extraordinary Duel at Heidelberg. — A tragical event has taken place at Heidelberg. Late in the evening of the 15th June a student belonging to the body of the Swabians was found lying on the ground weltering. in his blood. He had discharged a pistol in the region of the heart, but tho ball having been turned aside by touching a rib, missed the heart, passed through the lungs, and lodged under the right shoulder-blade, whence it was afterwaids extracted. At first, the natural belief wns that voluntary suicide had been in tended, but some letters which had been written by the student showed that he had been the. vic tim of a shameful kind of duel. A foreign student had been grossly insulted by the Swabian, and satisfaction was demanded ; but, instead of fight ing' in the usual way, au agreement was come to to draw lots which of the two should destroy himself within the delay of a fortnight. The lot fell on the Swabian. When the time was about to expire, the young man, whose' father was dangerously ill, solicited an extension of the de lay, but the request was refused, and the attempt at self-destruction was consequently made. Some hopes are entertained that the wound will not prove fatal, but all the entreaties of the heads of the University -and of his friends cannot extort from him a promise not to repeat the desperate act. To all their solicitations his only answer is, " I have not pledged my honour to seriously wound myself, but to put an end to my life, and I will keep my promise." Sebastoi'ol. — The Journal tie St. Petersbotirg states that the harbour of Sebastopol is being cleared of tho hulls of the ships sunk at the en trance of the port at the beginning of the Crimean war. The same journal adds that in three years the railway from Moscow to Koursk will be ex tended to Sebastopol. A Touching Story. — The Charleston Mercury says : — Miss Anna Pickens, the daughter of Go vernor Pickens, whilst ministering to the wounded 'in the hospitals of Charleston,- came in contact with a wounded officer, Lieutenant Andrew De Rochelle. The young people fell in love, and after a short courtship it was arranged that they should be married on the'22nd Of April. Lieuten ant "De Rochelle was on duty at Fort Sumter in tho morning, and it was determined that the ceremony should take place at the residence of General Bonham in the evening. At the moment the Episcopal clergyman was asking the bride if sho_was -ready, a shell fell upon the roof of the bnildiug, penetrated to the room where the com pany were assembled, burst, and wounded nine persons, among the rest Miss Pickens. We can not describe the scene that' followed. Order was restored, and the wounded wero remo\red, all except the bride, who lay motionless upon the carpet. Her betrothed, kneeling and bending over her, was weeping bitterly, and trying to stanch the blood that welled from a terrible wound under her left breast. 'A surgeon declared that Miss Pickens had nd longer than two hours to live. When the wounded girl recovered her consciousness, she asked' to know her fate, and when they hesitated to tell her — " Andrew," she said, " I beg you to tell' me the truth. If I must die, I ran die worthy of you." The young sol dier's tears were his answer, and Miss Anna, ' summoning all her strength, attempted to smile. Governor Pickens was almost without conscious ness, and Mrs. Pickens looked upon her child with the dry and haggard eye of one whose reason totters. Lieutenant De Rochelle was the first to speak. . " Anna," he cried, " I will die soon, too; but I would have you die my wife. There is yet -time to unite us." The young girl did not reply ; she .was too .weak.' A slight flush rose for an :instant to her pale cheek; it could be seen that joy and pain- were straggling in her. spirit for the mastery. ' Lying upon a sofa, her bridal dress all stained with blond, her hair dishevelled, she had never been more beautiful. Helpless as she was, Lieutenant De Rochelle took Iter hand, and re quested the.Rev. Mr. Dickenson to proceed with tlfe ceremony. When it was time for the dying girl to say yes, her lips parted several times, but she could not articulate. At last the word wns spoken, and a slight foam rested upon her lips. The dying agony was near. The minister sobbed as he proceeded with the ceremony. An hour afterwards all was over, and the i bridal chamber was the chamber of death 1 The Alleged Deterioration in the Irish Breed of Horses. — The Times publishes a curious correspondence between Sir R. Peel and Admiral Rous on this -interesting matter. . Sir Robert Peel expects that " the whole subject will give rise to a debate in the House of Commons," and he asks Admiral Rous for the benefit of his views on the matter, that he may be able to dis cuss it when it comes on. Admiral Rous replies that they have not got their horses simpfy because they have sold them, and their grievance is that they caunot sell their horses and have them too. " Nothing," remarks the admiral, " can be more fallacious thon the statement submitted to the secretary by tho patrons of the Irish turf. If -these gentlemen sell every first-class ptallion, every superior mare, and every promising .young horse, it is not surprising that they have nothing left to compete with the third-class of racehorses sent froni England to pick up their royal plates." Ireland still produces horses of themostadmirable kind. No country in the world can compete with it for excellence of pasturage. " At this very moment," says the admiral, " Ireland supplies the best , heavy-weight hunters to foreigners and English gentlemen. ... At the last national steeplechase in England, five out of the seven first horses were Irish. An Irish hunter carries the first price in every market. But, as olever agents are always on the look-out, ready to give .these prices, and Irish owners are perfectly ready .to take them, the not. unnatural result is that the good old horses are scarce in Ireland. French or English money will always buy them, and, as tie Irish breeders are always prepared to deal,' France and England gets the horses, while Ire- \ land gets the money. The fact is, they convert their best horses into specie, and then complain of the deterioration of stock." The admiral also remarks, " Handicapping may be an inducement to fraud and an encouragement to gamble, but it is incorporated into the racing system ; it keeps numerouc horses in training, giving wages and employment to thousands, amusement to the million, and augments the value of horses, to tho benefit of the breeders. The destruction of horses is owing to early training, a system based on commercial calculation — wanted quick returns to pay an ugly training hil!. What we require is, a national prize of .£5000, to be run for by four- year-olds and upwards, three miles ; which might induce horse-owners to show more mercy to the young horses, but no interference or restrictions, which are as injurious to the turf as they are to trade and commerce." Curiosities of Commerce. — When free- trado was still in the future wo were often told how roundabout and costly wero the ways by which hostile tariffs sometimes compelled mer chants to send goods to their destination. Free- trade, too, seems to have its marvels. During the last ten days several cargoes of wheat, arriv ing at Liverpool from San Francisco, have been at once dispatched to Melbourne ; tlmt being, in the present state of the markets of the two countries, the destination most likely to return a profit ; and there is now lying at New York a cargo of hemp which was shipped from Manilla to New York, was on its arrival there sent to Liver- .pool, and on its arrival iu Liverpool was sent back to New York. It is now under orders to return to Liverpool ; and it is quite within the range of possibility that a further change of price may cause it to be again sent to New York. These are not common cases, and ocean telegraphs will make them rarer than they are, but they are remarkable. The Election of a Pope. — The precarious health of Pio Nono, and the probability that his death may be tho signal for grave complications, imparts an interest to the following communica tions from the correspondent of the Times at Rome: — "In the eleventh century Pope Nicholas conferred on the Cardinals the right of directing the election, and in accordance with his statutes, the Cardinals, who had figured as a body since the eight century, were bound to demand of the Roman people and tho Roman clergy the ratifica tion of their choice. To legalise the election it was indispensible that the -same name should obtain two-thirds at least of the votes of the Con clave. This mode of proceeding, however, was found to be inconvenient. The elections gave rise to dissensions, revolts, and scandals of the gravest kind ; foreign intriguo added to the. con fusion, and the consequence was that both the clergy and the people were excluded from all par ticipation in the election. That revolution or reform took place in 1271, on the accession of Gregory X. It did not, however, and could not. put an end to intrigue. In the Conclave were Cardinals belonging to dioceses in all parts of the Catholic world, and each had his own candidate. The elections wero often prolonged beyond measure, so much so that pressure was sometimes employed to obtain a decision. Close confinement and short commons were tried, and if after three days' deliberation the Cardinals did not elect a Pope, one plate of meat, or-simply bread and wine, were served to them until they made their- choice. The forms prescribed by the ancient statutes were subsequently modified, and before going into Con clave the Cardinals repeated this oath: — 'I. take to witness our Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge me that -I will elect the person whom 'I ought to. elect before God.' There were, and, I believe, still arc, four different modes of election — by in spiration, by compromise, by -scrutiny, and by access. By inspiration, when several of the Car dinals call aloud as if on the impulse of the moment, the name of the person whom they judge worthy of the supreme dignity. It is, however, only after long and fruitless deliberation, and when there remains no chance of agreement by merely human means, that recourse is had to supernatural aid ; and it has happened that the rest of the Cardinals, or a majority of them, un willing to show decided opposition, or to be the last in giving their assent, at ouce concur in the choice of inspiration. The election by com promise is when, after equally long, and equally fruitless deliberation, they agree to lay aside their preferences and to leave the -nomination of the Pontiff to one among -themselves. It is related that it was in tliis fashion John XXII. was chosen. He got all the Cardinals to pledge themselves to accept the candidate he should propose, and, to their great surprise, he proposed himself. Taught by this example, for they had never meant to elect him, 'the Cardinals decided that tho power should not again be entrusted to any member of the College, except on conditions which would render the recurrence of such an event impossible. When the election of a Pontiff is by scrutiny or ballot each Cardinal writes Ids own name with that of the candidate he proposes on a ticket. -These tickets or bulletins are deposited with much solemnity in the conse crated chalice which stands on the altar of the chapel where they sit ; and each one approaching and leaving the altar kneels and repeats a prayer. After a pause the tickets are taken from the sacred cup by officers named ad hoc from their own body ; the tickets are compared with the number of Cardinals present, and when it is found that anyone of them has two-thirds of the votes in his favour he is declared elected. If not one can show the requisite number of votes another proceeding is gone through, This proceeding is the election by access, so called because any Cardinal has the right to accede to the vote of another-hy altering his ticket according to a pres cribed form. Tho moment the election is declar ed the tickets are burnt. The present Pope was elected by unanimity. The functions of the Cardinals are, then, highly important, and the past shows how necessary it is that a Pope should bo elected with a view to peace and conciliation. E%'ery Catholic country is interested in it, and the Cardinals are naturally supposed to be mindful of the interests of their respective countries. France, Austria, and Spain claimed, and, I believe, still clai-i, the privilege of demanding the exclusion of one Catholic each from the Pontificial throne, but only when the majority of votes is not yet ob tained by any one Cardinal ; and these Powers are supposed to have friends or representatives in the Conclave to maintain that right in their name. The Cardinals are, as everyone knows, Princes of the Church. In the early ages the Cardinals were the principal priests of the churches in Rome or deacons of districts. In the eleventh century they numbered but twenty-eight; in modern times they are as many as seventy. When assembled they form the Sacred College, compose the'Council of the Pope, preside at special and general con gregations, and govern the Church so long as the Pontificial throne is vacant. They got the red hat under Innocent III., during the Council of Lyons, in 1245 ; and the purple from Boniface VIII., in 1294. There are Cardinal Deacons and Cardinal Priests. Cardinal Richelieu was a priest and Mazarin a deacon. The great Catholic " . — '5 -w — baarabamnamanmnhmannnm Powers propose a certain number of prelates to bo named by the Pope, and these are known as Cardinals of the Crown. In the present condition of the Papal States it is supposed that the choice of the Sacred College is already made, and that the future Pontiff will bo proclaimed instantly on the death of Pius IX., without any meeting in Conclave or tho usual forms of election. This would be contrary to all previous usage ; but were Rome at once invaded by the troops of Victor Emanuel, with or without the permission of France, or were an insurrection to occur, the Cardinals would not bo bound to assemble in the Vatican ; for wherever they assemble there is the Conclave. It is not at all improbable that the Emperor of the French has already fixed on his candidate ; but who the person is the Court of Rome has never been able to discover." Cardinal Wisf.sian on "Essays and Re views," Colenso and Garibaldi — Cardinal Wiseman has issued a somewhat remarkable Pastoral, in which ho deals at length with " Essays and Reviews," Dr. Colenso's book, the judgment of the Privy Council on the appeals of Dr. Williams and Mr. Wilson, and the visit of Garibaldi to England. He puts all these together as indicating that England is setting aside " the doctrines of revelation." Dr. Colenso has taken liberties with Moses, and the Privy Council has sanctioned the heresies of Dr. Williams and Mr. Wilson, but "no Synod has beeu convoked. to. condemn doctrines more falso and fatal than those of Arius ; no sword of the Spirit drawn, if not to smite the blasphemer, to cut out his iufecting sore ; no combined assertion of ' It hath seemed to the Holy Ghost and to us ;' in fine, no decisive, irrevocable, authoi itati ve declaration of reasser- tion of doctrine, on the two vital doctrines of Scriptural inspiration, and the eternity of punish ment." And to add lo the guilt of all this, English ladies are " said " to have bowed the knee, while English prelates and priests have done homage, to the man who, a couple of years ago, reminded England that France, which at a former time had " given to the world the Goddess Reason," is now directing " her only efforts to steady on the ruins of the temple of Reason that hideous immoral monstrosity, the Papacy." " Oh, pity, pity 1 at least, if uot worse," winds up His Eminence, " that such a spectacle should have been exhibited toEngland, at the time, the moment, when every energy of every hand should be put forth, not to dully with, but to crush, the spirit, however embodied, of infidelity as well as dis loyally !" A Female Sailor. — Romantic Story. — We have received the particulars of a very romantic incident which occurred on board the brig Dolphin, Captain Bower, during her voyage to Chatham from the North. While lying at Seaham, ship ping his cargo, Captain Bower was applied to by a respectably -attired young man, who wished to ship iu the vessel as an ordinary seaman, at the same time giving his name as " John Robinson," and stating that be was an orphan. A3 the vessel was short of her complement, tho master took the new hand on board, but before the ship had been long at sea the new-comer suffered from sea sickness to such an alarming extent as to render hiru altogether unfitted for his duties. During one of the more than usually severe attacks the new baud astonished Captain Bower by informing him that, although she (we must now change the gender.) had shipped as a man she was in reality a girl. She also went .on to say that her parents resided in the neighbourhood of Dundee, and that she had run away from home in order to go to sea. The vessel at this time was some days distant from port, and Captain Bower accordingly gave up to the girl his cabin, taking up his berth in another part of tho vessel He aiso thought it prudent to keep the discovery unknown to the crew. On the arrival of the Dolphin in our river Captain Bower placed him self in communication with Mr. Lee, the mission ary to seamen, who, as well as the Rev. Mr. Adams, curate of St. Nicholas, at once interested themselves in the case, and means were taken to forward tho girl, whose real name we forbear mentioning, to her friends. She was accordingly provided with suitable clothes, and placed on board tho Leith steamer at Gravesend, and her passage paid to her home in Scotland. From the girl's statement it appeared that she had form ed an attachment to a young man, a sailor, who was just about proceeding to Australia, and, wishing to accompany him, she adopted the plan of shipping on board a vessel proceeding to London, -in order that she might there join the ship -in which her lover was serving. Intelligence has since been -received of the safe arrival of the runaway at her home in Scotland. Unfortunately there is a tragic side to the romantic story, for the father of the girl, who up to the time of her leaving home had been in his usual health, was so deeply affected at her sudden disappearance, that he died after a very brief illness, and on the un fortunate girl's arrival at her old home she for the first time learnt that she was fatherless. — South-Eastern Gazette. A Clergyman Killed while Fencing with his Son. — The Rev. Pavet Ponson, vicar of Gleanfield, near Bampton, Oxfordshire, met with his death from the hand of his son under the following circumstances': — A day or two ago Mr. Penson's eldest son, a cadet in the Royal Navy, was at home on a visit to his family, which in cluded several brothers and a sister. All had passed happily under tire parental roof till the young officer one day began to fence witli his father, who had himself been an expert swords men. During tho excitement of a spirited passage of arms the former took up a loaded gun which unfortunately happened to be close at hand, and used it en garde, when the weapon discharged, the contents being lodged in the rev. gentleman's shoulder. The horror and consternation ensuing may be easily conceived. It wns even found necessary to amputate the arm, the operation being performed by an Oxford surgeon. The patient then sank rapidly until lie died, to the inexpressible grief of his wife, children, and many friends. No inquiry took place into the circum stances, as he stated before lie expired, " no one was to blame in the matter." Princely Beneficence.— Tlie Hon. Rustom- jee Jamsetjee Jejeebhoy, member of the Legislative Council of Bombay, son of the late Sir Jamsetjee Jejeebhoy, placed some time since at the disposal of Mr. Crawford, M.P., for London, the sura of £15,000 for the purpose of appropriation -to charitable objects in Loudon, in connection with the name of his late father, more especially the charities of the City of London, of which his father was a freeman, under the following condi tion : — " The charities selected to be those which have in view the alleviation of the wants of the poor and indigent, the infirm and helpless, and not societies which are of a religious character." Suicide of an Independent Minister. — On Wednesday last (June 8), a shocking "affair oc curred at Keywortb, Notts, Mr. Suttereliff, the Independent minister of the village, committing, suicide by cutting his throat. A fortnight ago the son of the deceased committed suicide by taking prussic acid, and. this had such an. effect, upon the father that his friends considered it - necessary to watch liini. On Wednesday morn ing he left home to go to Mr. Page's, at Stanton- . on-the- Wolds, but, as lie did not return at the ex pected time, his friends were nlarmed, and a search was made. Some time afterwards he was found in a plantation witli iiis throat cut, and quite dead. 