OHABGOf OF 'SWINDLING. (From The Times, Jan. 12.) Yesterday afternoon, at the Justice-room of the Mansion-house, Alderman Waterlow was for some time engaged in investigating the circumstances connected with an extraordinary charge of swindling preferred against Henry Horace Linguarde, described as an actor, and as residing at Butler-street- buildings, East Smithfield, who had been remanded from the previous Monday. The case excited considerable interest, and the court was crowded during the examination. To render the proceedings of yesterday intelligible it is necessary shortly to recapitulate the evidence given on the first examination of the prisoner before the Lord Mayor. It was then proved that on Saturday week the prisoner, alighting from a carriage, entered the shop of Mr. Thomas Mills, a clothier in Aldgate, where he was an entire stranger, and selected clothes to the amount of £21 17s., for which sum he wrote on a sheet of note paper a check on the Provident Savings Bank in St. Martin's place, Trafalgar-square. From among the clothes he bought he selected a full suit, which he put on at once, including an overcoat. He then went to the hoisery department, and selected goods to the amount of £58 14s., which he directed to be sent to Ovington-square, Brompton. He complained of being thirsty, upon which the attendant, Joseph Mulhouse, gave him some wine and a cigar. He then asked if he could dine in the neighborhood, and the shopman mentioned the name of a house a few doors off. The shopman, whom he invited to dine, accompanied him there. After dinner the prisoner asked him to pay the bill, 8s. 7d., and place the amount to his account, which the shopman did, and they returned together to the shop. By this time a messenger who, had been sent to get the cheque cashed had returned and reported that the bank was closed for the day, and he had not got the money. Upon that the prisoner said he had no money about him, but that if the shopman would ride with him in his carriage to Ovington-square he would pay for the clothes he had on and hand him a check upon Messrs. Coutts for the balance, amounting to £69 odd. The attendant went with him there accordingly and the prisoner asked at the house No. 4 for some one by name. The reply was that no such person resided there, upon which the prisoner, still attended by the shop- man, drove to some livery stables near Russell Square, where he had hired the carriage Arrived there he was going away without paying for the use of it, when the proprietor presented himself, and, in the result, the prisoner, who had stated he had no money about him, left the undercoat he had shortly before selected at Mr. MÍIIB'B shop in pledge for 25s., the hire of the carriage, the shopman Mulhouse strongly remonstrating, on the ground that the garment had not been paid for, and eventually giving the prisoner into custody. On that evidence the prisoner had been remanded, and yesterday Mr. Wontner, solicitor, of Bucklersbury, who attended to conduct the prosecution, said it was necessary that he should take some circumstances in the pri- soner's career. He had, in the first instance, given an address at the Goat Inn, Farnham, but that statement was incorrect. He was certainly known at Farnham, and that to the cost of some of the inhabitants, but the landlord of the Goat disclaimed his acquaintance altogether. In November last he was convicted in 40s. and costs for riding to Alders!)ott by railway without a ticket, and refusing to pay the fare, and in default of payment he was sent to the House of Correction for a month. That ought to have had some effect in improving his morals, but not so, as was shown by the fraud he had since practised upon Mr. Mills on Saturday week. With respect to his transac- tion with the livery- stable keeper, Mr. Hicks, he, in the first instance, wanted to buy a horse and carriage there, but a servant whom he saw declined, in the absence of his master, to under- take the sale, and the prisoner contented him self with hiring a carriage for the day. He then went to the shop of Mr. Medwin, in Regent-street and bought goods to the amount of £8 13s., which he took away in the carriage, paying for them with a sham check, and think ing it beneath his dignity to take either the invoice or the receipt, which was tendered to him. Thence he went to the shop of ' a . tailor at the west end of the town, and, representing that he was about to be married, selected a smart overcoat,- tendering a similar check in payment, which, however) was declined, and " my lord," taking umbrage, drove off in his carriage. He next presented himself at the shop of Mr. Dent, the jeweller in the Strand, and ordered jewelry to the amount of 500, for which he gave a check on the Provident Savings bank, but that was refused, and the prisoner took nothing by the transaction. Since his arrest the result of inquiry at the Provident Savings bank in St. Martin's place showed that in March, 1860, the prisoner, who then de ' scribed himself as an actor, and resided in Nicholas square, Hackney, deposited £25 in the bank, but drew it out about 10 days after wards, and he had never any transactions with the bank since, though many of his share checks had been from time to time presented there to be cashed. Probably the Court would think it would be for the benefit of the public that this man's career of fraud should be put an end to, and that the proper course would be to send him to the Old Bailey, where a jury would deal with him and his checks man exemplary manner. - Mr James Down was called. He said I am a tailor and outfitter in the Strand. On Saturday, the 2nd of January, the prisoner called on me about 12 o'clock in the day in a carriage, with a servant, and selected a light brown overcoat, the price of which was £2 5s., for which he offered to give a shock. I said it was not usual with me to take checks from strangers, but that it he would write a check I would get it cashed and then send the coat to his address, or he could come again. That he agreed to do, and he wrote the check produced on the Provident Savings bank. In less than an hour he called again. I had presented the check in the meantime, and it was dishonored. I told him it was an ungentlemanly transaction; my father, who was present, went further and called him a swindler. The prisoner merely said something about another man in the Strand having taken a check, and he then entered his carriage and drove off. He had mentioned Mr. Dent, of the Strand, and I supposed it was he who had taken the check. Robert Verity foreman to Mr. James Medwin, of 80, Regent-street, bootmaker, deposed that on Saturday, the 2nd of January, the prisoner called there in a phaeton, between 12 and 1 o'clock, and said he wanted to be fitted with some boots. Witness showed him some, and he selected four pi>irsofboota,ono pair of leggings, and a pair of slippers, which came to £8 lies. He made out a bill and gave it receipted to the prisoner, who then wrote the check produced for the amount on the Providence Savings bank. On being asked for his address, he said, of Goat's Head Hotel, Farnham." He took the goods away in the phaeton, leaving the bill and receipt on the counter. Later in the day the check was returned to witness dishonored. John Loved Dening, clerk at the Provident Savings bank, Trafalgar-square, said the prisoner had no account there, and that the directors of the bank never paid by checks. Since March, 1860, he had had no money there at all. Alderman Waterlow. What did you then know of him P i Witness.-He attended at the bank on the 17th of March, 1860, and paid in £25, which he drew out on the 30th. He had been there since in connexion with another account which was not in his name but in that of a minor. Alderman Waterlow. Had he any power to draw on any other account F . Witness, No. The prisoner said the minor referred to was his son. Mr. Charles Hicks, a livery stable-keeper in Keppel-street, Russell-square, sudden the 2nd of January the prisoner had a phaeton from my establishment. I was not at home when it was hired, but I was when he brought it back. The charge was 25s., including the driver. He was getting into a cab to go away without paying or resuming the phaeton. He said he should require a. carriage next morning, and be \- would pay then. I asked for payment at once, he being a stranger. He replied that he had got no money about him, and then walking into the counting-house with me he said, " Give me some paper and I'll write you a check I said a check was no use to me, and that I had had trouble enough with him already, without his check. He replied that he could not pay, upon which I said he must leave HUIDO deposit with me for the charge. He said he had nothing to have. I remarked that he was wearing a good great coat, upon which the tailor who was with him. stepped forward and said, " That belongs to me.',' The prisoner then took off his under coat and handed it to the. The tailor, inter nosing, said "That belongs to me also." (A laugh.) I said I would take care of it until I was paid. The tailor and he then went away, and just as they were leaving a cabman drove up and said to me, " Mr. Hicks, I want to see you, I drove this gentleman (pointing to the prisoner) to your yard this morning, who came to hire a carriage, and on leaving the «¡ab he told me that you would pay his fare." (A I laugh.) I said I would not. The prisoner, who was then standing by my side, heard that. The prisoner. That is rather a high price for your trap for little more than half a day, Mr. Hicks, is it not Witness was told by the Court that he need not answer the question, and he did not. Mr. Wontner said it was right he should state that a few weeks ago the prisoner was taken before Mr-. Norton, the Lambeth police magistrate, as a common cheat. He was then charged with obtaining provisions from trades- men in Lambeth on various pretences. The evidence, however, did not quite establish the offence, and Mr. Norton discharged him. On that occasion a number of cabmen, whom he had defrauded, attended, and it then appeared that he was well known to their fraternity, and went by the sobriquet of "The Ghost." A gentleman from Farnham also stated that recently the prisoner got up an entertainment there, in which he announced that he would play " The Ghost." A number of people went and paid their money at the door, and when the time arrived for the commencement of the performance " The Ghost was nowhere to be found, hence the cognomen of " The Ghost " Police-constable Back in whose custody the prisoner was, said in searching him at the police-station he found nothing upon him but an empty card-case, a bill for refreshments, and some cabmen's tickets. A cabman named Charles Woolley, stepping into the witness-box, said he recently drove the prisoner to the Oxford rooms, and paid 5s. for a lobster supper and cigars for him there. (A laugh.) He afterwards drove him to a place in the neighborhood of the Tower, where the prisoner got out and went up a court. Witness novel' saw him again until now, so that he lost the price of the supper and his fare. He hoped the prisoner enjoyed his supper. (A laugh.) Mr. Anidjah, looking-glass manufacturer in Bishopgate-street without, said the prisoner, who was a stranger to him, walked into his counting-house lately, and saying he understood he (witness) was famous for the mirrors he supplied for the entertainment of " The Ghost," ordered one for £16., and asked at the same time for a loan of £2, which witness was to add to the bill. During the conversation the prisoner took witness's umbrella from a stand and began twirling it about. Witness asked to excused for a moment and went out, saying a gentleman wished to speak with him. On his return to the counting house the prisoner had gone, taking the umbrella with him, and witness had not seen him since until now. This being the case against the prisoner, he received the usual caution from the Bench as to anything he might say, upon which he said that at every place where he gave an order it was on the distinct understanding that he was to forward the money either by check or by Post-office order, on the receipt of which the goods were to be sent to him, Alderman "Waterlow But you took Mr. Medwin's goods away with you and had a bill and receipt, having given a worthless check for them. The prisoner said the boots fitted him very well, and it was arranged that he was to have more. He confessed it was an error to give the check, but he should have sent the money on receiving the rest of the goods. He could pay every penny of the money he owed. There was no intention on his part to swindle anyone, or to do anything dishonest. When he was apprehended he gave a correct address and the names of two respectable persons for purposes of reference. A swindler would not have done that; and, by the way, when the proper time arrived he should bring an action against the witness. Milhouse for giving him into custody. He might add that an accident had occurred while he was performing " the Ghost," by the breaking of a looking-glass which had cost him £20. That was all he had to say. Alderman Waterlow was afraid the prisoner was too well known about town. Prisoner (interrupting). Not in the sense in which you think; but when misfortune best falls a man there a re always people ready to run him down. Alderman Waterlow said he had not the slightest hesitation in committing him for trial. The defence he had set up was wholly ridiculous. He had obtained possession of the goods of Mr. Mills and Mr. Medwin, and had given in payment checks which were utterly valueless, not to mention the poor cabmen whom he had defrauded. He stood committed to Newgate for trial. Several cabmen stood forward to prefer charges against the prisoner, but the circumstances were not investigated. On of them, on being told by Mr. Goodman that his remedy was in the County Court, said that he had never been able to find the prisoner. Alderman Waterlow said the applicant knew where to find him now (A laugh.) The prisoner was then removed from the bar. " - I 