THE COAST GUARDSMAN'S TALE. " GOOD evening, sir." ! " Good evening. A fine night, thia." ." Yes, sir-» nicelah sort of night. Pity for us, We don't have more of them." j The scene was on the south coast of Cornwall, where I had retired a few days' before the commence ment of the long vacation,' to seek a short repose from the turmoil and worry of the law ; leaving behind nie the old time-worn buildings of Lincoln's Inn, where the old sundial, with its quaint motto,* seldom looked at, and still seldomer heeded, is perpetually reminding; us of the frail tenure by which we hold our lives; leaving the barristers, in their gowns and wigs, hur- riedly passing from courts to consultations (or, in other words, from fee to fee) ; the lawyers, in their black dress, and with their bundles of.papers under their arms ; and the office-boys, with big bags, stuffed foll of-what it would be hard to enunerate-briefs, cases, opinions, and all the other multifarious para- phernalia of the profession, evidently looking upon themselves as no mean part of their respective estab- lishments ; leaving all this busy scene (and only too glad to do so), to seek a little rest and quiet, in about the quietest part of England, I had taken rooms in a little village about half a mile from the sea ; and the short walks gradually extended, the regular hours and the quietness of everything internally and exter- nally was fast bringing me round again, when the circumstances I am about to relate took place. It was a fine moonlight evening, and I stood gazing out of my window at the few strangers still passing tip and down the village street, when a sudden wish came into my head to take a walk along the cliffs by moonlight. I had often thought of doing this, won- dering what sort of life the Coast-guardsmen had of it-those men by whom every inch of England, so theiy say, is walked round every night, as they pace up arid down, night after night, and year after year ; and BO'I resolved, at last, to put my long-fancied scheme into execution. I had been sauntering along for about half a mile, locking at the blue waves, reaching far, far out into the distance, and chequered here and there by the dis- tant sail of some fishing-boat, gleaming silver in the moonlight, and at the long golden track, reaching from far away up to the base of the cliffs-the footpath of the fairies, as I had been told long ago-and peopling it, in my fancy, with the light spirits of the air, tripping along in many a fantastic maze, on the glittering surface, and calling to their sister sprites in the water below, when I was startled by an approach- ing footstep, and, looking up, saw a man close to me, while the inviting smell from a short pipe quickly re- called me from my fancies to thc sense of ordinary existence. \ All that I noticed of his dress was that he had oh a rough pilot-coat, with a low hat, while a thick walk- ing-stick formed his only apparent weapon of offence and defence, In short, it was with him that the sen- tences " first above written " were exchanged. I soon found that my new acquaintance was one; of that very .body of men. that I had so often pondered about ; and so, having fallen into conversation,1 I walked on a bit with him. " I suppose you don't have much to do now besides walking up and down, do you ? " ""Why, no, sir. There's not so much doing as there used to be, once on a time, though I have seen some goings on in my time--. Mind where you are treading, sir !" he exclaimed. " The cliff ia not very safe along the edge, and if it gave way you would be smashed on the rocks' below, like a poor fellow I knew was some time ago. God rest his soul !". "What of him}" I said. " Did any one fall over beter" .??.?' Why, no, sir. He didn't exactly fall over, and it wasn't over thia cliff, neither, but the one we shall come to next. My beat ends there, and, as I am a pit before my time, I exjpéot roy mate won't' be up for ten minutes or so;,and, if .jou^lika'i'to hem/the tale, though it's not so much after all, I will tell you on . Kx hoc mooaato pendent M terni tas. ti e f pot where it ail happened. Indeed, to nay the tru'h, I Bhall be very glad of your company, for it's a whishtf Bpot, and, often as I have waited there, lani ! al way B glad to turn my back on it agoin." [ "We soon reached the bay by the light of the moon. After looking »long the cliff, to aee if there were any signa of his companion, and, not finding any, he sst down on a stone, and I lighted a cigar, and, taking my pince beside him, he began : " It is not BO many yearB ago, sir, eight or nine, maybe, when a young gentleman cunio down here, us it might be j ou, to spend a month or so-our to na being a quiet sort of place, like. He wasn't a bad looking sort of fellow,, and had small and white hands. Indeed, most people would hare called him handsome, though there was always a kind of look about ( his mouth I didn't like to see. He was ' staying up at the Miners' Arms, and there soon got toles about the town, of the way in which he snd two or three other wild young fellow's about here, as there are everywhere, used to go on ; the sitting up at nights, the drinking and card-playing, and the. wild freaks they used to be at. But as he always had plenty of money, and paid his bill every week (it was by his own wiahJ.Polmarthen, the landlord, Bir, never cared to say anything to him. He was a close man, was Pólmárthen, and no doubt he made plenty of money out of his customer ¡ but it would h ave been better für him if he had never let Mr, Hendon under his roof. HÍB daughter,' pretty Kate Poltnar then as she was always called, waa tho prettiest girl for miles about (I Bec you guess what's coming), ¡md many was the glass that had been emptied in her honour, and many a young man would have given much to have stood well in her good graces ; but, though she was a bit of a flirt, there was none that hod ever found favour in ber eyes but Ralph Tregarva -a likely young fellow as ever was seen. Polks often wondered how it was that eld Polmarthen over allowed his daughter to engage henelf to young Tregniva, who was only a fisherman ; but though the old man loved meney much, he loved hts daughter more ; and though I hear there was some trouble obout it, yet, in the end, he gave way to her in this. It WOB not long, however, after Mr. Hendon came down here, that a change seemed to como over poor Kate. She would sit silent for hours, and if Ralph come to try and cheer her up, Bhe would speak sharply and harshly to him, and then sometimes butBt into a flood of tears, and beg his pardon, and kiss him, snd toll him that he was the dearest and best of men, and that she was not worthy of him. I was a great friend of his, and I gathered most of this from him at the time, poor fellow. I was titting . in my cottage, one day, towards the evening, thinking it would soon be time to be going off on my bsat, when young Tregarva burnt in, with a face as white as a sheet, and scarcely able to stand. ' What is the matter, man,' said I ; ' have you Been a ghost ?' but ho staggered to a chair, and fell, rather than sat, down on it, holding his face between his hands, while the big sobs that burst from him seemed to shake him from head to foot, though not a tear fell through his fingers. I stood by him for some little time, but he seemed to grow woree instead of better, and atlast I laid my hand on his shoulder. . Come, Ralph, be a man ; what is all this about ?' He turned on me liku a tiger. ' Leave mo alone, curse you. Do you too mock at me ?' and, with one spring, he was past inc, and out at the door like a madman. I followed in haste, greatly alarmed BS you may suppose, but could see nothing of him. There was a mist rising, and any one would have been invisable at any moderate distance j and it was with deep forebodings that I went my rounds that night. When I returned to my cottage, I noticed a small piece of paper lying on the floor. It explained all. It was a letter from Hendon; to Kate, evidently written in a hurry, and was all crumpled up as if it had been clenched in the fingers. No doubt it had dropped from Ralph's hand, though how he got it I do not know. It left no room tor doubt. He urged her to fly from tho village before her condition became known, and promised that he would provide for her. Soon after, I heard more. That tame evening Kate Polmatthen had disappeared. That morning her bedroom had been found empty, ana she was gone. What surprised others, though not me, was, that her father made no search after her' -for he made none. He know only too well why she had gone. Hendon was still in the village, in order I suppose, to divert all attention from himself, as he was not aware that the note had been found, Ralph and I each keeping our own counsel. What need to publish the certainty of her Bhame? We heard nothing of Ralph for three days, when ho returned and went about his work just as usual, but resenting fiercely any mention ot the past. His manner, too, was quite changed. Oh ! so haggard and wild he looked, and with a dogged kind of sullenness in place of his former light-hearted gaiety. Even to me he never speke now, and one or two attempts I made to draw bim out into conversation were met with such bui6ts of rage that I was obliged to leave him to him- self. And now I must come to the most painful part of my tale. Youseethot the bay below h» closed in at high- tide, and the sand gets quite covered. It was high-water about half-paBt . eleven on the September evening, when I wss on my beat, and a bright night, just like this. I was walking along the top of the cliff, just where we are now, when I thought I heard a voice down below, on the beach, which was nearly under water. Surprised at this, I looked over, and I saw that there was a figure there, and , that he wai rushing about, and shouting up. I could recognise the voice of Hendon, and called out,-' Holloa, there 1' ' Help ! help V he cried, ' I am cut off by the lido. I can't swim. Send a boat. For God's sake, help me ' So it was. Sauntering along, he had, I suppose^ waited there and had found himself cut off by the rising tide, whioh would have been the case an hour and a half before I saw him, so that he must have waited at least that time with the water gradually rieisg higher and higher. Bat what was to be done. True, I had a rope, and instinctively I had taken it out, but it was only a short one, about a dozen yards long. I always carry a bit about with me. It often comes in useful ; but what good was it now ; I could not descend the cliff, and if I left my beat and went for assistance, he would be drowned long before I could return. Even while I hesitated, I heard a step behind me, and Ralph Xregarva stood by my side. 'I can go down that cliff,' said he, _ in the measured, dogged tone he had always used since then, though there seemed to be an expression of savage exultation in his tone that night that made me shudder. 11 will go. Give me that rope.' < Good God 1' ' I exclaimed, . it is certain death !' While I spoke, however, he had snatched the rope out of my hands, let himself over the edge of the cliff, and was going down hand under-hand, clutching at every little bush sad every tuit of grass. My head swam watching him. One Blip, and he would have fallen, literally ' smashed ' on the rocks below ; but he seemed to bear a charmed life, for still I could see him going down, further and further, crawling like a lizard, till he was only some eight or nine yards from the bottom. There he stopped. There is a fiat ledge of rock there, and he lay down on it. It was a still night, and I could hear him, as plainly as I could you, sir. ' Mr. Hendon,' he called out. ' Oh, thank God, you are come at last !' I heard Mr. Hendon answer. ' Here I am. How can I reach you ?' * I have a rope with me ; if I throw it you, con you get up here?' 'Yes, yes; be quick, be quick. The tide has risen up to my knees, and I am half dead with cold.' ' Just so,' was the strange answer of Tregarva. * Quick ! quick ! do not trifle with me ; I shall drown,' ' You will not drown for halt-an-hour yet, Mr. Hendon,' replied Tregarva, with a laugh. But such a laugh. It sounded like the laughter of a fiend. ' Oh, for mercy's sake, be quick.' .Mercy!' echoed Tregarva. 'Such ns you have shown shall be shown to you. Where is Kate Pol- matthen?' 'I do not know. I do not, indeed. Quick? the water is over my knees.' ' Liar !' returned Ralph, heedless of his agonising entreaties. ' I have ventured my lifo to come here. Did you think it was to save you ? No ; it was to secure my revenge. Never shall you come up here alive. Listen to me. When I heard of her flight, I was among the fitst to visit her house. Her father found a letter from you, telling her where to go, and that you would meet her. She had dropped it in her hurried departure. But never shell you meet her in this world. Liar ! Seducer ! Your latt hour is come. I have but to throw you this rope, and you are safe, lour life is ia my hands ; but had I a thousand lives, and were each of them entwined in your one, I would give up all, all, to punish you,' Again the scream "arose,-' Mercy 1 mercy!' 'Mercy!' again echoed Tregarva. 'Such mercy as the lion shows io his prey, such shall you have. You shall die, wretch-die in your sins ; and as the water mounts higher and higher, think of her whose body and soul you have murdered,-think ol me, whose peace of mind, you, in your wantonness, have utterly wrecked, and then ask for mercy. Never.' Ob, that I could forget the fearful scene that followed. The wretched Hendon, as the water mounted higher and higher, while each wave almost tore him away from his frail hold on the pro- jections of the rock, clung to the cliff, shrieking out mingled prayers snd blasphemies in his agony, while the relentless waves came dashing in,1 rearing up, with a hoarse boom,' against the rocks; while, above »ll, rose the frantic yells of Tregarva, as he exulted in hie terrors and sufferingij lisje « tyld beast oyér hU victim, The oriels arrived. Ons mountainous .wave came rolling in, and while his death-shriek «nil rings in my t Ctrnlshfoe"dull-molanoboly," t-are, Hendon waa win away from his hold. His whiij fate appeared gleaning amongat the spray for ono moment, tho next he was dashed with fearful fores against the rocks, and the next a bleeding and shit, tered body was borne out to sea. Ralph was re«, cet.ding the cliff, when, losing his scanty foothold, ht slipped away. For enc moment he hu'ig suspended fi om ihe shrub he was holding, and then, as the rootj gave way under his weight, he fell-down into the same tcmb to which he had consigned his victim. BU body was never found. That of Hendon was reco. vercd next day, end on inquest held. I was theptin. cipal witness, tnd a verdict of 'wilful murder' wM returned again¡>tTreg6rva. I have little more to tell, Poor Kate and her babe lay side by side in the church, yard. And now, sir, can you wonder that I don't much like hting here nil alone î But I aee my mite ia coming, jufct m time, so I will bid you good night, eil." " Good night " And I returned to my lodgiugs, a sadder and mow thouchtful. if not a wiser.'mon. : C.'O.-WBMJT;' \- Once a Week. 