BALMAIN REGATTA.. The people of Balmain and those who, year after year, attend the Balmain Regattas, have at length been favoured with delightful weather for their annual aquatic festival. The St. Andrew's Day for the lastfive years has been signalised by wild boisterous weather; and it was confi- dently expected that the "southerly" 0f the last few days would have extended over the day which Scotchmen throughout the world generally and the people of Balmain in particular, keep in honour of their patron saint. All gloomy forebodings in this regard were, however, dispelled yesterday morning; for a lovelier day never dawned even on this fair land of the sunny south. A cloudless sky, a warm sun, and a beautiful cool north-easter were the characteristics of the morning, which served to put everyone who intended to keep holiday in the best of tempers. At an early hour in the forenoon the citizens in holiday attire began to assemble on tho high ground near the Observatory, on the heights and slopes of Balmain, and on board the steamer Illalong, which was specially engaged to do duty as flag ship for the occasión. Boats, to, in every variety of size and rig sooned swarmed upon the waters down Ino hnrhnnr. (hn . <*"«.IllT -»»v..- -.tu,^ " .r.Ba0 of Darling Harbour till the surface seemed to be literally alive with craft. Flags of every nation and every colour waved in the breeze from the ships in the stream; the steamers at the wharves, the coating crafts sailing up and down the harbour, the swan-like yachts gliding swiftly to and fro under a press of canvas, and the hundreds of small boats flitting hither and thither, and with the thousands of people on shore and afloat, served to give an animation to the scene, most pleasing to look upon, and not easily forgotten. Tho races oornmenoed at ten o'olook, and did not term!, cato lill five in the afturnoon. With regard to the virieni contest* hula of a general oharaoter nood ba said, at sash race ia rartlcularitod in tho dotailed aoooant appended la ibu first race, for amateurs palling a pair of oars in skifft tho Deloitt es, after a gallant struggle, wera defeated hi a length by A. Crook and H. Freeman, in a beautlfr/l now boot called the Elvira. Determined .to do their utmost to sustain the reputation whioh those youni gentlemtn (tho Deloittcs) have for soino past onjoyed, ther have reeolred on obtaining a now boat, as good and fast u that in which they woro defeated yesterday. A, Jones won one of the licensed watermen's raoes, and J. Dnnnstt the other ; the Slim Jim that for pulling dlngtas und« canvas; the Dart, the sailing skiff and open bott races ; Mr. A. Crook won the raoa for .mataura pulling a pair of soulla in bkifis.in the Elvira; the Am trallon-tbo winnor of a sooro of raoes on oat watara-ins second-O1B6S yaoht raoo; the Colleen Bawn-whloh hu moro the appeoranoo of a yaoht than a ballast boat-tha raoo for ballast boats ; Donnelly and Connor tha raos for ali comers ; tho Laura the 22 feet open boat sailing raos - M'Cloer and Booker tho raoo for amateurs pnlling twj f airs of sculls in skiffs ; while Webator and Stoelo won tha raoa forlioented wotormen pulling two pairs of snails, arjj Donnelly tho raoo for amatouiB pulling a pair of acalla la sk.ffs. During tho early part of tha afternoon the wind was very fresh, and several boats capstsed through oarry ing too much canvas, but no accident of a serious oharaoter waa reported, Antscollont iunoheon was provided on board the fUg ship, and to this the oompany did ample jastloe. Tis visitors to tho flsgship numbored soveral hunirod perajni, and inoludod some uf our wealthiest and most influential citizens, among othors tho présidant of the regatta, tha rewly-eleoted member for the Gleba and Bilmaln, Mr, T. W. Smart. At luncheon tho ohalr WAS taken by Dr. O. S. Eras», one of the vice- presidents, and tho vico-ohalr by the umpire, Mr. T. Buchanan. Alter disouibing the oxcellent faro provided, the Uiiita MAN rose and proposed " The Queen," whioh waa reoeivsd with the umal enthusiaatio expressions of loyalty. He then proposed .' Tho health of tho President, Mr. X. W, Smsrr, oouplicg with it the namo of Mrs. Smart," whioh waa diunk vvfth all tho honours. Mr, ¡»MAIIT, in returning thanks, said he thought as shonld have been spared the (ask of addroesing them thsre, as be had understood it was arranged by the oommitlee that there should be no speech-making at the luuohoon ; and certainly that coursa would havo aooordod more with his fir lings nitor all the work ha had to go through dilling (be last few days. He was just leaving tbo saloon with tha satisfaction of knowing that bo bad nothing to do, but hil friends would not allow him to got off so easily. He nu happy to say that ha had been their president dating tha lut Uve years, und he only hoped that ho might, if spared, oocupy tho carno position for live years iongar-(Oheere) and that ha ehould contlnne to desotva their good wishes. (Kcnowod cheers ) On behalf of Mis. Bmart, he bogged to thank them for their kind expressions. It afOrdod Mrs, Smart and the little Smarts-(laughter)-great pleasure in visit- ing Balmain, and they would be very muoh pleased to know how kindly he (Mr. Suurt) had been reoeivod by the people of Balmain both yesterday and to-day. (Cheers ) He begged to propoeo the health of tha Chair- man of the Municipality ol Balmain, Dr. Evans, (Cheeta ) As long as bo (Mr. Smart) had known him he had been one of his most siccere friends, and one of the best friend! to the municipality. (Applause ) Ho had dons his daly to Iho municipality honestly and fearlessly, and it afforded him (Mr, Smarl) very great pleasure to propose his health. (Cheers.) Tho sentiment was oordlally received, and Dr. Braal briefly relumed thanks. Tht a mpany then adjourned to tha deck to watch tha progresa of tbo raoes. It should not be omitted to mention I tat Mr. T. Buchanan gave every satisfaction as umpire, end that Mr. Reynolds was equally happy as startor; while too much palso cannot be givon to the honorary seoretary, Mr. F. Spence, and the ooDimittoe, for their exoelUnt an ai gemente, A d-tailed acoount of the various races Ia appended. FIRST RACE.-Bona fide amateurs pulling a patt of oars in skiffs, with coxswains. Course-From flagship, round Goat Island, thence round boat off A. S. N.Co.a Slip, and baok to flagship, First prize, £8; «Miad ditto, £4. Éntranos, £ I Is. Elvira-A. Crook ana a, Freeman-F, Punch-Blue and scarlet ... ... ... .. ... ... I Zerlins-Q. and C. Dcloittc-M, Delolttc-MogcuU and ectrlet ... ... ... ... ... ... 3 Favorite-Johnson and Merriman-Atkins-Blue and white, The Deloittes, who lud won seven raoes In succession at valions regatta«, were (ho favourites for this raes, and tbey oertainly stuck to their rivals throughout tho raoa with a determination that was most oredltable to thara, bat Crook and Freeman pulled in a new and very fast boat, and this gave tbem an advantage which materially arsleted them in pulling off tho prize. The raoo between Elvira and Zarlina was a very doss ane throughout, resulting in favour of the former by a length. Favor te was nowhere from the start. SECOND RACE.-All lioonsed watermen (who have never won an advertised prize, either singly or with others), pul HE g a pair of foulis in licensed waterman's skiffs. Course-From fligship round Goat Island; round boat In Jehiston's Bay, and baok to flagship, First prize, £i; stcond ditto, £4; third ditto, £2. Éntranos, 10s. C1. Fire enttatces, and to start, or no third prize. Dashing Wave-A. Jones-Red and whtto ... ... ,,. J Star-J. Murray-Blue with star ... ... .' Firing Clond-W, Lenney-White, Thie was another good raoe between the two loading boats, Dashing Wave and Star. Murray, in the Star, led nearly the whole of the distança, but Jones, in tho Dashing Wave, pu* on a spurt a short way from homo ; passed his antagonist, and won by a length. Lenny, in tho Flying Cloud, made a bad start, and fulled to get up to the other boats throughont the race. THIRD hACE-Pulling dingies under oanvas. Cout« -From moorings at entrance of, and round boat lo, Johnston's Bay, round Fort Denison, round flagship, round Fort Denison, and baok round flagship. First prize, £8 ; second ditto, £3. Entranoe, 10s. Cd. Slim Jim-W. Paul-Blue and red ....J Maritana-F. Harpnr-Light bluo and wliito .* Tcazer-J. Mitchell-Green . LlssetU-B. Yeend-Dark bluo Sailor Boy-G ïates- White Bpraj-J. Bell-Blue and white Monkey-F. Ccar-Bed and white Leonora-W. Birkenshaw-Magenta Uncle Sam -S, Drennan-Blaok and rod. . Ibis was an interesting raoe from the number ol wau engBged in it. The lot got away upon pretty equal tonne, atd turned down round Fo t .Denison In nae SV«> In orming up tho barbour, off Miller's Point, the Leonora when runniDg a good eecond, unfortunately capafead ana tar. w her crew into the water. They were all picked np, howev er, without further injury than a good wetting^ ii paeeii g the fligship the stoond tims, Slim Jim was leatuag, with Maritana second, Xoazer third, and opray foutta. This order was maintained to the finish, Slim Jim wianing by t evet al lengihs, and about the same dlstanoe Bspanuog the Mullana and Teaz -r. The Lissette owns to grief io Johnston's Bay early In the race, and did not put ia sa appearance a fitrwdrds. FornTH BACE -AU bona «de skiffa under OIUVH. Coursa-From mooringa at outranao of, and round UOMUJI Johnston's Bay, round Fort Denison, TT*i*SM9> round Pert Denison, and back round fligship. IMret prizm £10 ; seoond ditto, £4 Éntranos, £1 Is. Dart-.1. Richards-Dark blue ... . ?" j Two Sitters-J. Lewis-Red with blaok ball... . Marios-Ross-Black. . This was a gift for Riohards, in thB Dart. He took IM lead immtdlately after tho Btart, was never oaught, ana wou with case. The Two Sisters was Booond. . FIFTH BACE.-Bona-iide amateurs pulling a pair oj rculls in skiffs. Course-From tUgship, round Gi« Ielsnd, tbenoa round boat moored off A., ». "? «"? Slip?and back to flagship. First pri«, £7 ; ««ad ditto. £2. Entrance, 10s. 6d. , F.lvira-A. Crook-Blue and scarlet. - ." j Rival-J; B. Bonnott-White . Favorita-J. Crook-Bluo ond wbito. This was regarded as a certainty for Mr. A. Oroofc and «. the event proved The Favorita went away with U» s art, hut the was speedily oaught and Puwd.byBM ra,M« '<» Ät.£nnÄ Tt^S^A^seoond-olaa. yachts (-&*£ S Ty\ «an* buey off Manly Fiar, ««j t round Fort Denison, and baok round flagship, mzj,»«* Berranee, £1 Ila. 6d. I AnstraUan-Webb-Elue and white . t> | Tha luTtxali«, wa. «utmost f«cledf4r thUi»Mg Wnv-r.ot was not wthout admirera. The latter «o« sHg&KtiUu;> .tart, and pa«ad the fligship. ato^W£ lerTgtha In adva.0« of the Australian. A« «»n al UM «» "optitd Mi'ln »"PoiDt, the wind was io strong that the Why not bau to take in her Raff topsail The Australian now went uj , trek tholead, and kept it throughout the raoo When ile (KO passed the flogthlp, after being down the barbour, tte Australian bad a lead of about twonty lengths, lut attho termination of thoraoe the Why-not bad docnoscd the distance by about fifteen lengths Xlaino fpiERird lo have started simply to oomplote the race, nider tie twenty second rule, whloh rendered it imperativo lbut three boats should start in eaoh raoe, for the bad not the ghost of a ohance agalnat the otbori EntMit KAU-All ballast boats undor canvas, Courte-ru v muorirgs at entronco of and round boat in, Johnston's Bnv, round buoy off Manly Pier, round flagship, round Fort Dewson, and book, round flagship Sweep- stakes of it) tneb, wllh £10 added from tho funds, Second boat to receive bao>* her ontranoo Colleen Bnwn-Euckncll and Greenfield-Red 1 Orphan BOY-M Baylis-Red Croea 3 Lcrerct-W Matthews-Blue Day Dawn-T 1 tnwick-Red with white bail This was n good raco from start to finish, at least between three of the builß Orphan Boy lod past the ship tho first time, Levert t being second, Colleen Bawn (conaidorably to leeward) thiid, und Bay Dawn fourth No sooner had the Colleen Bown pot fairly out into the harbour, than sho began to sb iw her speed, and fn a few reaohos workod be self Into (ho premier position Sho oontinued ta inorease her lend, and when sho passed the ehlp the seoond time, after lounding the boat off Manly, she had a lead of about flftetn minutes The Leveret was seoond, Orphan Boy third, about two longths bohind, and Day Dawn about four lengths behind her f ho Colleen Bawn now had the race for first p'i co to hereclf, but tho struggle for second place among \ b3 others was very Interesting In Anally rounding the (hip Leveret paeeod on the wrong side, and therefore lost tho second place, whioh othcrwieo she would have secured Day Dawn was very nearly making the sama mistake nnd only took the right oonrse after sho had thrown awiy her cbanoo, Colleen Bawn coming up in fine style und erouring seoond honours EIGHTH RACE - All Comers, pulling a pair of oars in skiffs, with coxswain Course-From flagship, round Goat Island, round boat in Johnston's Bay, and baok to flagship. First prize, £15, second, ditto, £5 En- trance, £1 1s Star of Australia-J Donnelly, J Conner-J Richards-white 1 Athlete-J M'Leer, J Booker-May-Pink and white 2 Champion-Green, Punch-F. Punch-Blue and white. Champion did not siart, Donnolly and Connor wore the favourites for this race, and justified the confidenoe placed in them by pulling it off cleverly. It was no gift, however, as M'Leer and Booker pushed them pretty close to the finish. NINTH BACP -All open boats under canvas, not ox «Suing 22 leet overall, having fins or oentro boards Course-From moorings at entranoe of, and round boot in, Johnston's Bay, lound lightship and Sow and Pigs, round flagship, round lort Denison, and baok round flagship First prize, £8, second ditto, £3 Entranoe, 10s Gd Dart-Richards-Dark bluo I Dove-G \ntcs-Blue n-rtwhito 2 Charra-R Bonis-Bed and white Julia-T langford-Red Julia went away with tho lead In this raco, but as soon se tho Dart (which had just vi on tho 4th raoe) got fairly underway she overhauled the leader In every reaoh, passed her at length, and then had the raoe entirely to her sell to the finish Ibo Dovo eeoured seoond money, by defeating Julia end tho Charm Ibe winning boat In this race waa built by Langford, of Miller s Foint, end was tailed by F Murray, und although only a waterman'« skiff, not only defeated her opponent, of her own alass, but two new open boats built on the lines of the Xarlfa Tho st) le in which r-ho was handled against boats of superior power, Bnd msuoh a breize, affords a loBson to our yaohts men whioh lory wruld do well to profit by TENTH BACP-Open boats undor canvas, not exoood Jug 22 feet (cci tre boards and lins exoluded). Course rroni moorings ut entronco of, and round boat in, John- ston s Bay, round lightship and Sow and Figs, round fUg sbip, round toit Denison and back round flagship First ptize, £10 sec rd ditto, £3 Entranoe, £1 Is Laura-^ anti J W nits-Bluo and white, diagonal 1 Sybil-G Ycom ns-N\ hite and red, with blue stripe 2 Thought- V Oilier-Blue and white edgo Itofcof Denmark- II Ash-Red and white Royal Oak-W Creed-W bite, with red cross Dora-A baddini ton-Light bluo, Laura and Una had the best of it in the early part of this race, the latter however, gradually fell to the rear, belog passed bj S3 bil, Koeo of Denmark, and Thought Tho Laura gradually went awaj from tho whole of the other boats, and carne in seven or eight minutes a-head, the Sybil bsing seoond ELEVENTH RACE -All amateur« pulling two pairs of sculls in skiffs , with coxswain. Course- from flag- ship, round Goat Island, round boat in Johnston's Bay, and back to flag ship First prize, £10, Second ditto, £5 Entrance, £1 1s. Athlete-J M'Cleer, J Booker-May-Pink and white 1 Star of Australia- J Donnelly, J Connor, Richards-White 2 Moira-H M'Cleer, P Mackey-Smith-Blue Donnelly and Connor were made the favourites for this event, and during the early part of the race it looked a cer- tainty for them. When about half way between the ship and Goat Inland, after rounding the latter, M'Cleer and Booker pulled up alongside of their rivals and a foul occurred. A few seconds, however, sufficed to get them clear, when the former again took up the lead. The parties in both boats now did their utmost, and for some time the issue seemed doubtful. After a very game struggle the favourites had to resign their pride of place, and content themselves with second place, the Athlete winning by several lengths. 1\\\ ELFTH K 4CE -AH licensed watermen pulling a pair of eoulls in licenced watermen's ekiffi Course-from fisgship round Goat Island, round boat in Johnston's Bay, and baok to flagtblp First prize, £8, Becond prize, £4 Entrance, 10« Cd Caroline-J Dunnctt- White and blue 1 Flying Cloud-J Connelly-White 2 Lurline-G Nash-I lok. and white The three men pulled away well together, leaving it a matter of doubt as to wbioh of them had the advantage At length Dunnett forged ohead, and kopi his load to tho end ISaih was nowhere THIRTEENTH RACE -3 30 -Youths, not exceeding 19 years, pulling a pair of oars in skiffs with ocxswain Course-From flagship round Goat Island, thence round boat moored off A S N Co.'s Slip, and back to flagship. First prize, £6, Second ditto, £2 Entrance, 10s 6d. Athlete-W M'Cleer, C Yates, J May-Pink 1 Screamer-P and T Punch, F Punch-White 2 Little John-W Smith, J Brown, J Elliott - Blue and white 3 This was another nice little match between M'Cleer and Yates on the one hand, and the brothers Punch on the other. The former gradually took the lead and won by several lengths. Little John did not go the course. FotmTEEKTH PACE,-Licensed watermen, pulling two pair« of seuils in licensed watermen's skiffs, with cox- swain. Course-From flagship round Goat Island, round boat In Johnston's Bay, and baok to flagship. First prize, £8; second ditto, £4. Eutranoo, 10s. 6d, l'lorence-F. Webster, J. Steele, Hoyles-Whito .1 Champion-G. Kath. J. Dunnett, A. Goodwin-Pink and while 2 £cho- F. Pollitt, T. Greenwell, J.Becston-Blue 3his was regarded as another oertainty for Nash and Dun- nett, but they wero outmatched by Webster and Steele, who pulled home with u load of soma Ave or six length«. Boh} did not go the cnurec. FIFTEENTH RACE,-All amateurs, pulling a pair of sculls in skiffs. Course-From flagship, round Goat Island, round boat in Johnston's Bay, and back to flag ship. First prize, £8; second prize, £4. Entrance, £1 1s. Star of Australia-J. Donnelly-White .1 Athlete-J. M'Cleer-Pink and white .2 Secret-J. Connor- While and green A very good start was effected in this race, and for some 200 yards the lot were altogether. Donnelly then took up the lead and kept it, beating M'Cleer by about six lengths. This brought tbo races to a oloso. The gig and dingy raoe, announced for Ave o'clock, did not take place, as the gig did not make any atpearance, at least not till after the stated time. Anohor was now weighed on board the flagship, and she proceeded down tbo harbour as far as Fort Denison, return- ing to the wharf and disembarking the gay company on board of her, at about half-past six o'clock. Everything both on board Ibo ihgship and on shore, passed off most pleasantly; and all pt,r'!oa appeared to be well pleased with tbo entertainment provided and the arrangements for BUO wesfully cartjing it out. MANLY BEACH -There waa not so large an assemblage of persons at this luvomile publio resort OB we bave usually seen upon a general holiday, but what was wanting in number was mode up in quality, and we may say that without exception wo heve never seen a more generally select attendance at Manly than we witnessed yesterday. Those present wero all quiet, reepeotable families who were evidently Intent upen a ds>'s enjoyment, exchanging the sucpor tho lillee, or the unvaried routine of home for tho ireih breezes and Ihe health- swing air of Manly. There «eroBPortB provided, but there wero few to oompete for them, most of the visitors heir g of the quiet Bort, and con «qaently unwilling to enter into public competition. At the Btejne Hotel Plenturo Ground there were amusements of every kind topara over tho time, and numbers availed Ihimtelvf» of Ibe (kittles, quoit?, &o;, to provide the in- vigorating exercise that makes holidays so hoaltb-gtvlug to the sedate or confined. At the Fier Hotel also evory pre- paration hed been made for even a larger number of visitors than ware present yesterday, consequently the time, brief M It was, passed pleasantly enough for the house-tied Synneyitea ; tho guntest luxury of all being the inhalation ?i u ^eea at"^ ^ut0 Dretzes 'hat oame hoalth-laden from the breast of ocean, and whioh ee°med to give almost new Ufo to tbo worn cut metropolitans. ut. o. f 0IIESTEIIS JriCNic AT CitEMOKNB.-Yesterday «f pg t 5Ddrew'B Day. the brethren of the ancient order i ?i..y *°"B,e« aseembled in great numbers, with their | {"««»ad their families, and had a grand pionloatthe ». Sf.QMfleBe- The reunion was largely attended by MmÄ°.vB.ot,L ^mediately with Forestry, It being «oputed that tho vi.itors to the gardens during the day ».. »J2"> bíen moro ,han 16oe Person«. The affair ¿Xt ", I. 8eneral management of the supreme C °;. dIr*SÎ°re» oomposed of representatives ohosen ifVH dlff',Knt ^ge« or «court«." Many \--thBl,»/jateniU.y ,a,ttenieo with their insignia, Ihw .!iien ".f" RI!inrT» Pleasing relief to the piolare! whicyhÄeniiye,i!.a by, ,he BM|° "Í »wo Und«; one of hol a« A'* to the.ctim> The Ki«n» .»«.?'er took the «»J ¿IS pa M,M» t0 Oremorn« from the Circular Quay, «offtÄ* -î,.^ "«ottghout the day. Arrived on the Sftñitoír W'I. «'"'Alf*, miutïU*«0*'T with dan tho?en7hi«8V00^balLikUVe»« Md <looIto» *°< »ppeared 