ELEANOR'S VICTORY. DY I115 AUTHOR OF LADYT AUDLEYI'S SECRET, 80. CIIHA1TE LII. Mns. MZAJOr LENNARauD was very kind to Eilednor, and if kindness and friendliness on the part of her employers could have made Mlrs. Monckton colnfortable, she ilight have been entirely so in her new position. lint comfort was a noun substantivep, whose very meaning must? I think, lhave been utterly inoomplrehensible to Major and Mrs. Lennnrd. T'lhey had married very young, and srarted in life all wrorng, and had remained in a perpetual state of muddle, both mental and physical, ever since. They were like two children who had played at being grown-up people for twenty yoears or so; and who were as entirely childish in their play now as they had been at the very beginning. loo ive with them was to exist in an atmosphere of bowilderment and confusion; to have any dealings with them was to plunge at once into a chaos of disorder, out of which the clearest intellect could scarcely emerge without having sufftered complete disorganisation. Thelo greatest mis fortune of these two Iteople was the likeness they bore to each otheor. Had Msljor Lcunnrd been a man of vigorous intellect and strong will, or had he been possessed of the average allowance of common sense,l he mighit : ';·. , " . , have raised his wife, and introduced some ele ment of order into his existence. On the other hand, if Mrs. Lennard had been a sensi ble woman she would no doubt have hen pecked her husband, and would have rescued the good- natured soldier from a hundred follies, by a well-timed frown, or a sharp matronly nudge, as the occasion might demand. But they were both alike. They were two overgrown children of forty years of age; and they looked upon the world as a great play room, whose inlabitants Iad no better occu pation than to find amusement, and shirk the schoolmaster. They were generous and kind hearted to a degree that, in the opinion of their wiser acquaintance, bordered upon fool ishness. They were imposed upon on every side, and had been imposed upon during twenty years, without acquiring any moral wealth in the way of wisdom, from their very costly experience. The major had within tihe last twelve months left the army on half-pay, on the death of a maiden aunt, who had left him eight hundred a year. Up to the date of receiving this welcome legacy, the soldier andt his wife had been compelled to exist upon Major Loenard's pay, eked out by the help of stray benefiections which he received from time to time from his rich relatives. The family to which the ponderous officer belonged was very numerous and aristocratic, owning as its chief a marquis, who was uncle to the mnjor. So the two big children had decided upon enjoying themselves very much for the rest of their days, and as a commencement of this new life of idlenesqs and enjoyment, M?jor Lennard had brought his wife to Paris, whence they were to go to Baden-Baden, to meet some of the major's aristocratic cousins. "He might come in for theb title himself, my dear," Mrs. Lennard told Eleanor, "if seventeen of his first cousins, and first cousins once removed, would die. But, as I told poor papa, when he grumbled at my marry ing so badly, you can't expect seventeen cousins to go off all in a minute, just to oblige, its by making Freddy a marquis." Perhaps nothing could have been happier for Eleanor than this life of confusion, this scrambling and unsettled existence, in which the mind was kept in a tumult by trifling cares and agitations; for in this perpetenal disorganisation of her intellect the lonely girl had no time to think of her own troubles, or of the insolated position which she had chosen for herself. Itwas only atnight when she went to bed, inn small apartment very high up in the I-IDtel do Palai., and about a qearter of an hour's walk from the chamber of the major and his wife, that she had tirme to think of Launcelot Darrell's triumph aRnd her husband's unjust suspicions; and even then she could rarely brood very long upon her troubles, for she was generally exhausted alike in mind and body by the confision nod excitement of the day, and more likely to fall asleep and dream of her sorrows than to lie awake and think of them. Those dreams wvere more troublesome to her than all the bewilderment of the day, for in them she wasn perpetually renewing the old struggle with Launcelot Darrell, per petual upon the eve of victory, but never quite victorious. The major lingered in Paris much longer than hbe had intended, for the big children found the city of heulevnrds a most delightful playground, and frittered away a great deal of money upon expensive dinners at renowned restaurants, ices, opera tickets, new bonnets, Piver's gloves, Lubin's perfumes, and coach hire. They stopped at the Hbtel du Pslais, still acting on the maniors tueory, that the most expensive hotels are the cheapest- in the end. They dined occasionally at the table-d'hdte, with two or three hundred companions, and wasted a good deal of time in the great saloons, playing at bagatelle, peering into stereoscopes, turning over the daily papers, reading stray paragraphs here and there, or poring over a chapter of a romance in the feuilleton, until brought to a standstill by a disheartening abundance of difficult words. After breakfast, the major left his wife and her companion, either to loll in the reading room, to stroll about the great stone quad rangle, smoking cigars, and drinking oc. casionally brandy and soda, or to read the English papers at GaliFgnani's, or to wait for the post, or to meet a British acquaintance at Hill's cafd, or to stare at the raw young soldiers exercising in the courtyards of the Louvre, or the copper-faced Zonaves who had done such wonderful work in the Crimea; or perhaps to stumble across some hoary-headed veteran who had fought under Nepoleon the First, to make friendly speeches to him in bad French, with every verb in a bewilder ingly impossible tense, and to treat him to little glasses of pale cognac. Then Mlrs. Lennard brought out her frame and her colour-box, and her velvets and brushes, and all the rest of her implements, and plunged at once into the delighltfil pur suit of painting upon velvet-an accomplish. ment which this lady had only newly acnuired in six lessos fpr a guinea, during her last brief sojourn in London. "' The young person who taught me called herself Madamne Ascanio de Briodisi-but, oh ! Miss Villars, if ever there was a Qockney in this world, I think she was one-and she said in her advertisement, that anybody could earn five pounds a-week easily at this elegant and delightful occupation; but I'm sure I don't know bow I should ever earn five pounds a week, Miss Villars, for I've been nearly a month at this one sofa cnshion, and it has cost five-and-thirty shillings already, and isn't finished yet; and the major l ioe-n't like to see me work, and I'm obliged to do it while he's out; just as if it was a crime to paint upon velvet. If you would mend those gloves, dear, that are split across the thumb -and really Piver's gloves at four francs, five-and-tweuty what's its names? oughtn't to dlo so, though the major says it's my own fault, because I will buy eix.nd-.a-quartcrs I should bh so much obliged," Mrs. Lennard alded, entreatingly, as, s seated herself it her wol ino one of thio long windows. "I shall get on splendidly," she exclaimed, "if the nEmperor doesn't go for a drive; but if he doe, I must leave off my woirk and look at him-he's such a shear l' eahnor was very willing to make hoersoelf what the udvertlemomes called "gene,.hi ' useful," to thei lady who bLd engagd her. She was a very high-spirited girl we know, quick to resent nny insult, sensitive anid proud i but she had no false pride. SheLo felt no shame in doing what she had undoertaken to do: and if, for her own convenience, she had taken the situation of a kitcheonraid. she would have performed the duties of t' situation to the best of her ability. s lt mended Mrs. Lennard's gloves, and arned that lady's delicate lace collars, and trined t infuse something like order into her toilette and removed the damp ends ofci"ars, which it was the major's habit to leave about upon every available piece of furniture, and lads herself altogether so useful that Mrs. Lennard declared that she would henceforward h unable to live without her. d " But I know how it will be, you nast provoking thing !" the major's wife e claimed; "you'll go on in this way, and you'll make us fond of you, and just as ws begin to doat upon you, you'll go and get married and leave us, and then I shall !lso to get another old frump like Miss Pallister, who lived with me before you, nod who never would do anything for mo scarcely, but was always talking about belonging to a good family, and not being' used to a life of de. pendence. I'm sure I used to wish she had belonged to a bad family. But I know it'll be so, just as we're more comfortable with you, you'll go and marry some horrid creature." Eleanor blushed crimson as she shook her bead. "I dont think that's very likely," she said. "Ah! you say that," Mrs. Lennard an. swered, doubtfully, "but you can't convince me quite so easily. I know you'll go and marry; but you don't know the troubles you may bring upon yourselfif you marry young -as I did," added the lady, dropping her brush upon her work, and breathing a pro found sigh. " Troubles, my dear Mrs. Lennard !" cried Eleanor. "Why it seems to me as if you never could have had any sorrow in your lifo." " ' Seems, Hamlet ! '" exclaimed Mrs. Lannard, casting up her eyes, tragically; "'nay, it is; I know not seems,' as tho Queen says to Hamlet-or perhaps it's Ham let says so to the Queen, but that doesn't matter. Oh, Miss Villars! my life might have been very happy, perhaps, but for itbe blighting influences of my own crime; a crime that I can never atone for-nev-arr 1" Eleanor would have been quite alarmed by this speech, but for the tone of enjoyment withl which Mrs. Lennard gave utterance to it. She had pushed aside her frame and huddled her brushes together upon the buel tablle-there was nothing but buhl and ormo ln, and velvet-pile and ebony, at the Hotel du Paleis, and an honest mahogany chair, a scrap of Kidderminster carpet, or a dimity curtonin, would have been a relief to the over strained intellect--and she sat with her hands clasped upon the edge of the table, and her light blue eyes fixed in a tragic rapture. "Crime, Mrs. Lennard ! " repeated Elea. nor, in that tone of horrified surprise which was less prompted by actual terror, than by the feeling that some explanation of the kind was demanded of her. "Yes, my dea', ker-rime! kI er-rime! is not too harsh a word for the conduct of a woman who jilts the man that loves her on the very eveo of the day appointed for the wedding, after a most elaborate trousseau has been pro pared at his expense, to say nothing of heaps of gorgeous presents, and diamonds as plenti frl as dirt-and elopes with another man. Nothing could be more dreadful than that, could it, Miss Villars ?" Eleanor felt that she was called upon to say that nothinog could be more dreadful, and said so accordingly. " Oh, don't despise me, then, or hate me, Miss Villarns," cried Mrs. Lennard; " I know you'll feel inclined to do so; but don't. I did it, liss Villars. But I'm not altogether sulch a wretch as I may seem to you. It was chiefly for my poor pa's sake; it was, indeed." Eleanor was quite at a loss to know how Mrs. Lennard's bad conduct to her affianced husband could have benefitted her father, and she said something to that effect. " Why, you see, my dear, in order to ex* plain that, I must go back to tho very beginning, which was whou I was at school." As Mrs. Lennard evidently derived very groat enjoyment from this kind of conversa tion, Eleaoor was much too good-natured to discourage it; so the painting upon velvet was abandoned, for that morning at least, and the major's wife gave a brief synopsis of her history for the benefit of Mrs. Monckton, "You must know, my dear," Mrs. Lennard obegan, " my poor pa was a cout;ntry gentle man: and he had once been very rich ; or at least his family-and ho belonged to a very old family, though not as aristocratic as tho major'es-had once been very rich; but some how or other, thruugh the extravagance of one and another, poor pa was dreadfully poor, and his estate, which was in Berkshire, was heavily-what's its name ?-mortgaged.". Eleanor gave a slight start at the word " Berkshire," which did not escape Mrs. Lennard. "You know Berkshire ?" she said. "Yes, some part of it." "Well, my dear, as I said before, poor papa's estate was very heavily mortgaged, and he'd scarcely anything that he could call his own, except the rambling old country house in which I was born; and beyond that he was awhflly in debt, and in constant dread of his creditors sending him to prison, where ho might have finished his days, for there wasn't the least possibility of his ever payintg is debts by anything short of a miracle. Now of courso all this was very sad. However I was too young to know much about it, and papa sent mo to a fashionable school at Bath, where his sisters had gone when they were young, and where be knew lie could get credit for my education to be finished." Eleanor, hard at work at the split gloves, listened rather indifferently to this story at first; but little by little she began to be interested in it, until at last she let her hands drop into her lap, aicd left offal worliing, int order the better to attend to Mrs. Lennard'i discourse. " Well, Miss Villars, it was at llthat school that I met the ruling stair of my fate-that is to say, the major, who was then dreadfully youog; without even the least lpretedco of whiskers, and always sitting in i pastrycook's shop in tho fashionable street, eating straw berry ices. lie hd only just got his coim mission, and ho was quartered at Bath with lis regiment, tind his sister Louisa was my schoolfellow at Miss Florathorne's, and hib called one morning to see her, and I hal pened that very morning to be practising in the drawiog.roou, the cousequouce of whioi Ia thalt we met, and from that hour our t'destinies were sealed. S"I won't dwell upon our meetings, which Louisa managed for us, nnd which were ,enerally dreadfully inconvenient, for Fretd ,scd to clamber up the garden wall by the toes of his boots--and he has told me since that the brickwork used to scratch off nil the varnish, which of course made it dreadfully ex ,nsive-but what will not love endure ?-and iook himself on as it were; and it was in that position, with nothing of him visible below his hin, that he mado me a most solemn offer of his aund and heart. I was young and fool ish, Mliss Villars, and I accapted him, without ono thought of my poor papa, who was the most indulgent of parents, and who had always let me do oevrything I liked, and ,nednsil owed upwards of fifty nounds. nt toyshop in Windsor, for dolls asni things that he had bought me before I wvs grown up. " Well, from thnt hour, Frederick and I were engeged, end he dropped a turquoise ring in among the bushes at the bottom of tbo gorden the next morning, and Lonina and I had upwnrds of an hour's work to find it. We were engaged l But we were not long nslowed to bsnk in the sunshine of requited iffection, for a fortnight after this Frederick's regiment wns ordered out to Melta, and I wan wrotched. I will pass over my wretchedness, which might not be interesting to you, 1Iiss Villsrs, and I will only say thet, night after night, my pillow wos vet with tears, and that, hst for Louisa's sympathy, I should have brohen my heart. Frederick and I correa ponded regularly under cover of Louisa, and that was my only comfort. "By-and-by, however, the time for my lmaving school came-partly because I wos snenteen years of age, and partly because pspn couldn't settle Miss Florathorne's bills snd I went home to the old rambling house in Berkshire. Here I found everything at sixcs and sevens, and poor papa in dreadfully low spirits. His creditors were all getting horribly impatient, he had all sorts of writs, and attachments, and contempt of courts, and horrors of that hind, out egninst him; and if they could have put him into tevo prisons at once, I think they vould have done it; for some of them wonted him in Whitecross street, and others wanted him in the Ouneen's Bencu, and it was altogether dreadful. " Well, papa's only friend of late years had been a very learned gentleman, belonging to a grand legal firm in the city, who had managed all his business matters for him. Now this gentleman had lately died, and his only son, who had succeeded to a very largo fortune upon my father's death, was staying with my poor papa when I came home from school. "I hope you won't think ma conceited, Mies Villars, but in order to make my story intelligible, I'm obliged to say that at that time I was considered a very pretty girl. I had been the belle of the school at Miss Florathorne's, and when I went hack to Berkshire and mixed in society, people made a tremendous fuss about me. Of course you know, my dear, troubles about money matters, and a wandering life, and French dinners, which are too much for a weak digestioei, have made a very great difference in me, and I'm not a bit like what I was then. Well, the young lawyer who was staying with papa-I shall not tell you his name, because I contsder it very dlshonourablo to tl J-.u the name of a person you've jilted, even to a ntranger-was very attentive. However, Itook no notice of that-though he was very handsome and elegant.looking, and awfully clever-for my heart was true to Frederick, from whom I received the most heartrending' ltters under cover to Louisa, declaring that, what with the mosquitoes, and what with the separation from me, and owing debts of honour to his brother officers, and not clearly seeing his way to pay them, he was often on the verge of committing suicide. "I had not told papa of my engeagement, you must know, my dear, because I felt sure he'd ?grumble about my engaging myself to a penniless ensign; though Fred might have been a marquis, for at that time there were only eleven cousins between him and the title. So one day papa took me out for a drive with him, while Mr.- , the young lawyer, was out shooting; and he told me that lhe was surel, from several things the young lawyer had let drop, tlat he was desperately in love with me, and that it would be his ealvation-pa's-eif I would marry him, for he was sure that in that case the young man, who was very generous and noble-minded, would pay his debts-- pa's-and then hlie could go on the continent and end his days in peace. "Well, my dear Miss Villars, the scene between us Was actually heartrending. I told pa that I loved anothter-I dared not say that I was actually engaged to poeor dear Fredericlk-and pa entreated me to sacrifice what he called a foolish school-girl's fancy, and to give some encouragement to a noble hearted young man, who would no doubt get him out of the most abomiinable trouble, and would make me an excellent husband." "And you consented ?" "Yes, my dear, after a great deal of per Onasion, and afted shedding actual oceans of tears, and in compliance with papa's entreatics, I began to give the young lawyer-I'm obliged to call him the young lawyer, because one is so apt to associate lawyers with grey hairs, and grumpiness, and blue bags-a little encouragement, and in about a week's time he made me an offer, and I accepted it, though my heart was still true to Federick, and I was still corresponding with him under Cover of Louisa." Eleanor looked very grave at this part of the story, and I'Mrs. Lesnnard interpreted her companion's serious face as a mute reproach. _"Yes, I know it was very wrong," she ex Claimed; "but then, what in goodness' name was I to do, driven to distraction upon one side by pa, driven to distraction upon the other side by Frod, who vowed that he would blow out his brains if I didn't write to him by every mail? "Well, my dear, the young lawyer, whom lshall call in future my eflianced husband, for ashort, bohaved most nobly. In the first p!aco heo bought pa's estate, not that ho wanted it, but becauso pa wanted the money, end then he lent pa enough money, over and above the pric of the estate, to settle With all bis creditors, andl to buy nn aunuity, upon which ho could live very colifortbly abroad. Of course this was very genorous of hit, and ho made quite light of it, duclarinrg that my love would havo reopaid him fbr much reatoer senrifice. You know ho thought I toyed him, and I really did try to love himn, anti to tbrow over poor Frederick, for pnpa's sake: but the more I tried to throw Prederick over, and the more distant and cold I made my letters, the more heartrendin, he becnmo, reminding me of the vows I bhad uttered in Ihe garden at Bath, and declaring that if I jilted him, his blood should hle upon my hlend. So, whant with one thing and another, my life wVas a hoid ,, " It toolk papa some time to settle all his ldebts, even with the assistance of my affianced hulsband, but at last everything was arranged, and we started fbr a continental tour. My afianced husband accompanied us, and the marriange was arranged to take place at Lausanne. I need not say that I was very unhappy all this time; and I felt that I was a very wicked creature, for I was deceiving one of the best of men. Perhaps the worst of all was, that my affinced husbandl lad such perfect confidence in me, that I scarcely thinlk anything I could have said or doneo--sort of whant I did at the very Ilst- ceonld have shaklen his fiaith. ile talked sometimes of my youth, and my childishness, and my silmn plicity, until I useo:l to feel a perfect Lucratia Borgia. Ah, Miss Villars, it was dreadfal, and Ioften felt inclined to throw myself at his feet and tell him all about Frederick ; btet the thought of my poor paps, and the recollection of tlhe money for the estate, which could not be paid back nagain, sealed my lips, and I went on day after day deceiving the best of men. You see, I'd gone too far to recede, and oh, my dear, that is the awful penalty one always pays for one's wickedlness-if you begin by deceiving any one you're obliged to go on, and on, and on, from one deception to ano ther, Intil you feel the basest creature in the world. "At least that's how I felt when all the lovely dresses, and jewels, nod things that my aflianced husband had ordered arrived firom Paris. If I could haove walked upon gold, Miss Villars, I do not think that foolish man -for he was quite foolish about me, though in a general way he was so very clever would have thought the purest bullion only fit for paving stones under my foot. The silks and satins--satin wasn't outre then, you know-would have stood alone if one had wanted them to do so; the lace, well I won't dwvell upon that, because I dare say you think already tha2t I shall neverl have done talking, and are getting dreadfully tired of this long story." "No, Mirs. Lennard," Eleanor answered gravely, "I am very much interested in your story. You cannot tell how deeply it inter ests me." The major's wife was only too glad to receive perlnission to run on. She was one of those people who are never happlier than when reoiting their own memoirs, or relating re markablo passages in the history of their lives. " The very eve of the wedding-day had arrived," resumed Mrs. Lonnard in a very solemn, and, intdeed, slmost trwfnl voice, "when thle unlooked-for crisis of my destiny came upon me like a thunderbolt. Pa and my affianced husband had gone out together, and I was alone in one of the apartments whichl we occupied at Lansanne. It was about an hour before dinner, and I was dressed in one of the silks that had come tiom Paris, and I was tolerably resigned to my Ithe, and ldetermined to do my best to make my gratitude for his goodness to my father. inmagine my horror, then, when I was told that a lady wrished to see me-an English lady--and befbre I could decide whether I was at homne or not, in rushed Louisa Len namd, very dusty and tumbled, for she had only just arrivedt, and of course there was no raiway to Lausanne firom anywhere, at that time. " Well, msy tdear Miss Villars, it seems that Fredurick's silence, whiichl I had taken for resignatison, was quite the reverse. Louisa had heard of my intended marriage, and had written about it to her brother, andt her bro ther had gone nearly mad, and, being on the eve of obtaining leave of absence on account of his bad health-the climtte had knocked him up--contrived to gejt away from Malta immediately. H-I and his sister had managed to persuade their rich tmiden aunt, who was very fond of Firederick, and who left him all her mone3: the other day, to take them both to Swvitzerland, uand there they were with the rich maiden nunt, who was very much Iknocked Up by tohe journey, and who had not the least shadow of suspicion that she had been made a catspaw. "Well, Miis Villars, anybody-even theo hardest-hearted of creatures-would bavo been touched by such devotion as this, and for the moment I forgot all about my affianced husband's generosity, and I gave that enthusiastic Louisa, who really was the mov ing spirit of everything, a solemn pro mise that I would see Prederick that night, if only for ten minutes. Of course I didn't tell her that the next day was appointed fobr my wedding, because I was too much afraid of her anger, as she was devotedly attached to her brother, and had heard miy solemn vows in the garden at B3ath ; but the people at the hotel toldl her all about it, in their nasty gossiping wray: the conseqoec of whichi was, that when I met Frted in the porch of the cathedral, while papa and my aflianced husband were taking their wine after dinner, his goings-ou were really awfil. "I can never describe that scene. When I look back at it, it seems likn a dream-all hurry, andti noise, and confusion. Fruederick declared that he had come all the way firom Malta to claim me as his bride, and called my afianced husband a baron all coverled with jewels and gold, firom the ballad of Alonzo the Brave, which he haId been in the habit of reciting at school. And, poor dear follow, now that I saw him again, my heart, which had always been true to him, seemed more true to him than over; and whett with Louima, who was very strong-smindeld, going on at mo, and calling me mercenary, and faithlless, nnd deceitful; and what with Fredorick going down upon his knees in that chilly porch, and ,getting up suddenlt y every time the person who showed the cnthedral to strengers happened to look our way, I scalrcely knew what I said or did, and Frederick extorted from ini the promise itht I would run a'any with him nnd Louisa that very night, nnd be married to him na soon as over we could find anybody that would mtarly us. " I can never describe that dreadfid night, Miss Villirs; slnUica it to say, that I run wayly without a bit of lug'gageo, and that Frederick, Louisia, and I, performed the moat awtul joumnoy-ealmost all by diligence-and were teoarly iolted to death between Lausaune 'and P-arls, where Fred, by the help of some English friends, contrived to egot the ceremony performed by a protestant clergyman, at the house of the Blritish consnl, bat not without a great deal of dillicunlty and delay, during which I exlpected every (lay that my affianced husband woold coma toar ing after me, "I e did nothing of the kind, however. I heard afterwards from ppal tlhat he didn't show the loeast disposition to pursue me, nnd hle particularly requested that no attempt should he made to pirevent my doinr oxactly as I pleased with re?-vrd tos Fred. If lie hal pursueld me, MIiss Villars, I have no tdoubt I should have gone back andl married hitn, for I am very weak, and it is my nattro to tdo whatever lpeople wislh me to do. But all Ie did was to walk about very quietly, looking as Ipanle as a ghost tbr a lday or two, and braving out all the ridiotle tlhat attaclel to him bo caulse of his bride's running away from him uplon thle evo of tlhe wedding.daiy, andi then Ihe partedl compansy with papa, andl went away to Egypt, andl went up the Nile, and dlid all sorts of outlandishl things." "And have yoa nover soon him since? " Eleanor askeed, aniouasly. "Yoes, once," answered MIrs. Lennard, "and that's the most singular part of the story. Aboht three years after miy marriage I was in Lonion, anal Fred andi I were very, very poor, for his aunt hadn't theno forgivden him for making a catslsaw of hBr at Laussnne, and he had no remittances from her, antil nothing but his pay and an occasional piresent from Louisa, who married a rich city man soon after our elopement. I had had one baby, a little girl, who was then a yoear and a half old, and vho was christened after Fred's rich aunt; and Fredi's regiment wast ordered out to India, and I was getting readly to join him at Southampton, and I was very un happy at lhaving to take my darling out there, for people said the climate vwould kill her. I was in lodgingis in the neighborihood of Euston-squnare, and I was~ altogether very wvretchedi, when one evening, at duski, as I wos sitting by tho firo, withl my little girl in tny lap, vwho shoultd walk into the roomn buit thie very man I hadl jilted. " I gave a scream wuon I saw him, but he begged me not to bo frightened of him ; and then Iasked him if he had forgiven me. HII said he had tried to forgive me. Ho was very grave and quiet; but though I think he tried to be gentle, there was a sort of sup pressed sternness in his manner which madr me feel afraid of him. IHe had not very long returned from the East, he said, and he was very lonely and wretched. IHe had heard from my father that I was going to India, aind that I had a little girl, whom I was obliged to take abroad with me for want of the moans of providing her with a comfortable home in England. IHo proposed to me to adopt this little girl, and bring her up as his own daughter, with my husband's consent. "He promised to leave her very well off at his death, and to give her a fortune if he lived to see her married. He would bo moPt likely, he said, to leave her all his money; but he made it a condition that neither I nor her father should have any furthier claim upon her. We were to give her up altogether, and were to boe satisfied with hearing of heri from time to time, through him. ".', "I0am a tonehu menl -i ". r,-,^.. )L" My life is purposeless and mpt.y. I h4P! -,? incentive to labour-nothing to love for to protect. Let me hnve your littlo girl; I shall be a better father to her than your husband can be.' "At first I thought that I could never, never consent to such a thing; but little by little he won me over, in a gravo, personsivo way, that convinced me in spite of myself, and I couldn't afford to engage a nurse to go out to Calcutta with me, and I'd advertised for an anyah who wanted to return, and who would go with me for the consideration of her passageo-money~ , but there lhad been no answers to my advertisements: so at last I consentedtl to wriote to Fred to ask him if lhe would agree to our parting with the po1et. Fred wrote me the shortest of letters by re turn of post; 'Yes,' he said, ' the child would be an awful nuisance on shipboard, and it will be much better for her to stop int England.' Isent hlis letter to tlhe lawyer, and the next day he brought a nurse, a respectable elderly person, and fetched away my precious darliog. "You see, MIiss Villars, neither Fred nor I realised the idea that we were parting with her for ever; we only thought of the con venience of getting her a happy home in England for nothing, while we went to be broiled to death's door out in India. But, ah! when years and years passed by, and the two babies who were born in India died, I began to grieve dreadfilly about my lost petI; anod if I hadn't been what some people call firivolous, and if Fred and I hadn't suited each other so exactly, and been somehow or other always happy together in nil oer truubles, I think I should have broken my heart. But I tried to be resigned," con childed Mrs. Lennard, with a profound sigh, " and I hear of my pet once in six months or so, though I sever loear from her, and indeed I doubt if she knows she's got such a thing as a mama in the universe- and I have her portrait, poor darling, and she's very like what I was twenty years ago. " Iknow shs is," Eleanor answered gravely. " You know she is! You knoew her then P' "Yes, dear Mrs. Lonard. Very strange thinge happen in this world, and not the least strange is the circumstance which ihas brought you anid me together. I kinow your daugh ter intimately, Her name is Laura, is it not? " " Yes, Laura Mason Lonnardtl, after Fred's rich aunt, Laura Mason." " And your maiden name was Margaret Havenshaw." " Good gaocious me, yes!" cried Mrs. Lennard. " WIhy, you seem to know every thing about Ime." ' I kInowI this mnech,-the man you jilted iwas Gilber t Monckton, of Tolhldle P'riory." "Of conrse! T'Ilihalo was pioor papa's ilace till he sold it to Mr. Monckton. Oh, Miss Villars, if you know him, hour you must desiuse me." " I only wonder that you could-" Eletanor stopped iabruptly; the termination of her speech wouldt not have been very comn plimentary to the good-tempered major. Mrs. Lenonard understoodt that sudden pause. "I kinow what you were going to say, Miss Villars. You were going to say you wondered how I could prefer Fred to Gilbert '?Moibkton; -and I'm not a bit offended. I know as well as youdio tlhat Mr. Monekton is very, very superior to Frederick in intelleot, and dignity, and elegance, and nil manner ofthings. But then you see," added Mrs. Lennard, with a plending smile, " Fred suited me." CIL'5'KtR LIV. Eleanor bad considerable difficulty in parry ing Mrs. Lonnard's questions as to how ash had come to know Gilbert Monckton nnd hi:s ward; and shel was obliged to confess thait she had been musicnal governess to Laura at HIzlewood. "But I must beg you not to. toll Mr. Monckton that I nam with you, if you should hanppen to write to him," Eleanor said. "I have a very particular reason for wishing him to remain in perfect ignorance of my prosent homoe." "'To be sure, my dear," answered Mrs. Lcnnard, "of coarse I won't tell him if you don't wish me to do so. And as to writing to him, I should no more think of doing so tihan of flying in the nir, except just a civil note of a few lines, to thank him *for sending me news of Laura. HIo only writes to me once in six months or so, to tell me how my lost darling is, anti though I've implored him again and again, he won't lot mo see hor. ' Slhe is still little more than a child,' hIe wrote in his last letter, 'andt I dread the effect of your influence upon her. It is out of no revengeful feeling that I keep your daughlter apart from you. When heor cbhracter is formed and her principles fixed, you shall know her.' As if I was a wretch !" cried Mrs. Lennard, in conclusion, "anti should contaminate my own daughter." Eleanor smiled as she shook lier head. ",Dear Mrs. Leonnard," she said, "your daughter is perhaps better off in the care of such a man as Gilbert Monckton. She is as kind- hearted and good-tempered as yourself, but she is rather weak, and-" "And I'm weak, too. Yes, I quite under stand you, Miss Vilhlar. It is my misfortune to be weak-minded. I can't say 'no' to people. The argtuments of the person who talls to me last always seem so much stronger tihan those of the person whlo talked to me fir.st. I ltae impressions quickly, and don't take them deeply. I was touched to the heart by Gilbert Monckton's kindness to my father, and I meant to marry him as I pro mised, andt to be his truoe and obedient wife; and then when that poor silly Fred camo all the way to Lausanne, and went on so about being ill-used and deserted, and wanted to commit suicide, I thought it was my duty to run away with Fred. I haven't any opinions of my own, you son, and I'm always ready to be influenced by tlo opinions of other people." Eleanor thought long and deeply over the story she had hoard fi'om Mrs. Lennard. This was the root of all Gilbert Monckton's suspicions. iHe had been deceived, moast crueolly, most unexpectedly, by a beautiful, childish creatusro in whlose innocence he had implicitly believed. He had been fooled aqd loodwinked by a fthir-haired angel whose candid nzure eyes had seemed to beam upon him with all the brightness of truth. He had been deceived most egrogiously, but he had not been deliberately betrayed: for up to the time of her trencherous desertion of her .naC'tl do"tho iM rm. Ut'nnpil"y Gil"fu ,?onckton did not know this. It ;o di;mcuni for the man who finds himself as cruelly jilted as he had been, not to believe that the falso one has intended all along to turn traitor at the last. There had been no explanation between Margnret and the lawyer; and ho was entirely ignorant of theo manner of her flight. Heo only knew that she had left him without a word to prepare him for the death blow, without a line of regretful fiarewell to make his sorrow lighter to him. The frivo lous shallow woman had been unable to fathom the depth of the strong nman's love. Margaret Raycnshaw know thtere was very little of the divine in hlier own nature, and she hlad never expected to inspire the mighty affection of a grand and noble soul. She was able to understand the love of Frederick Lennard: which was demonstrated by noisy protestations, antd disclosed itself in long schoolboy letters in which the youug main'e doubtfil orthlogtraphy was b istered by his tears. But she could not understand tihe in tensity of feelings that did not makeo them selves visible in any steorotyped fashion. Unlluckily for the Iharmony of creation, wise men do not always fall in love wisely. The wisest and the best are apt to he bound caiptive by some external charm, which they think must be the outward evidence of an in ward grace; anul Gilbert Monckton had loved this frivolous, capricious girl as truly as if she had been the noblest and greatest of woman kind. So the blow that had fallen upon him was a very heavy one; and its most fatal effect was to transfurmn a confiding nature into a sus iinious one. iHe argtued as many men argue under the samo circnmstances. lie had been deceived by one woman, ergo, all women were capable of deception. I don't suppose the Stranger placed very much confidence in the Countess, ofr had by any means too high an opinion of Charlotte; and tohe beet of men ere apt to feel very much after the manner of Mlrs. laller's husband. It seemed very strange to Eleanor to be living with Giiberlt Monckton's flrst love. It was almost as if some one had riseon out of tihe grave; for Heh looked upon that old story which she had heardl hinted at by the IInzle wood gossips, as something so entirely belong ing to the past, tbhat the heroine of tohe ro muatce must of necessity be dlead. And hero she was, alive antil merry, know inlg no greater uneasiness tlhan a vague dreoad of increasing plu"mlniess, induced by French dinners. HIere she was the very rererse of the imago that Eleanor liid conjured utl in her mind in association with Gilbeit's tleso love; a good-teumereod, commuon-pluce, pretty, middle-agedl woman, Mrs. Monckton t'elt a little pang of iealousy at the thought that her husblandl hall once loved this woman so dearly. IIer husband ! IIad shte still the right to call hlim by that nmoe? IIlnd he not outragled her honour, insultedl her truth by his baose asdl unfotumndled suspicions? Yes! he had done all this, and yet Eleanorloved him! She knew the strength of her love now that she was away fromi him, and might perhaps never ace his face looking at her in kindness again. Site knew it niov that her scheme of vengeance against Launtcelot Darrell had failed, antl lolt a great blhnk in her mind. She thought of her husband seriously now fobr tho first time, anti ohe knetv that ~he loved him. "Richalrd was right," abo thought agiin and ngain; " the pulrpose of my life was cruel enrl .unwomanly. I bed no right to merry Gilbert Mioncktlon while my mind wes full orifngry thoughts. Richard was righlt. My poor father's rest would be no more peace ful if I herl made Launcelot Derroll pay the penalty of his wickedness." She did not abondon ber idon of vengeenee all at once; but little by little, by very slow degrees, hter mind become reconciled to the idea that sthe bed filed in her scheme of rotribution, nol that there tres nothing left her but to try sndoljstify herself in the sight of the Ihutbtihan she loved. She loved hlim; and the nngry feelings which had promptedl helr to run away froom TPolldalo Priory, willingly abandoning all claim to hIis namne andl his protection, wore beginning to give way now. Mrs. Lennard's story Ihadtl thrown now light upon the past, and Eleanor mtade all kiinds of excuses for hlier husband's conduct. It was his habit to bear all sorrows quie:tly. Who could toll wlat anguislh hle might iavo felt in the thought of his young wife's fitlsohlood ?l "Io e woutld not purseo Margaret Raven slaw," Eleanor thought, "and hie makes no attempt to find me. And yet Ihe may love me as truly as he loved her. Surely if God refilsod to hear my prayers for revenge, IIo will grant me the power .to justify myself." She could only blindly hol,o for somne uin known chance thait mig?,t brilig shout lar jistification; tndl that chanco wouldl perhaps never come. Shite was very unhlpply when sho thought of this; and it was only the per peotnal confusion in lwhichl Major Lennard and his wife contrived to kecpi everybody belong ing to them, that saved her fromn suffering very cruelly. All this time she was ignorant of tile op. pearance of an adlvertisemont which had been repeated at thie top of the second column of the Times supplement every day for nearly a month, and athout which idle peoplo hazarded all manner of conjecatures ELit~Noli, come back. I was rash and cruel. I will trust you. G. U. Major Lonnard was in the habit of seeing the Times every day at Galignani's; buit, as he was not a very acunto observer or original thintker, he took no notice of the repetition of this advertisement Ibeyond an occasional " By Jovel Haw! thlat poor dov'l's still advertising for El'nor i" nor did he make any allusion to the circumstance in his domestic circle. So Eleanor huggedl her sorrows secretly in ithe gayest city of thet world, while Gilbert Maonclton was hurrying hlithlOr and thither, and brokling his heart about his lost wife. I thinlk flthat pitying angels n iurst sometinmes weep over tho useless torments, the unneces sary anguish, which foolish mortals inflict upon themselves. CIIAPTERi LV. Major and Mrs. Lonnard and Eleanor Monckton had stayed for nearly two months at the Hbtel du PaIlnis. April woas fast molt ing into May, and the atnlosphere in the city of boulevards was very different to the air of an English spring. Minaturo strawberries were exposed in the windows of tihe cheap restaurants of the Pilais Royal, sido by side "tli monstr.ous asna1racaus. and creen pens bred stranger grew confused as to the oucces sion of the months, and was beguiled into thinking that May must he omitted in the Frenchl almanac, and that capricious April skipped away in a flarewell shower to give place at once to glowing June. It was difficult for a thorough-bred Briton to believe that the FIto of tihe Firnt Napoleon had not yet conme to set the fountains playing at Versailles: for the asphalto on the Bouls vards was unplenasantly warm under one's boots; airily-attired ladies were Iolunging upon the chairs in the gardens of the Tuileries; only the most fragile and vaporous bonnets were to be seen in the Betois do Boalogno; vanille and strawberry ices were in constant demand at 'ITortoni's; idle Parisians spent the dusky spring evenings seated outside the lighted calds, drinking iced lemonade; and a hundred other signs and tokens bore witness that the .summer had cornme. Upon one of those very warm April days, Major Lonnard insisted uipon taking his wife and her companion to dine at a restaurant not very far firom the Bourse; wIhere thie astor'ally-inclined eipicure could take his dinner in a garden, a pleasant quadrangle, festooned with gay blossoms, and musical with the ripple of a fountain. Eleanor did not often accompany the major and his wife in their pleasure excursions, the culminating attraction of which was generally a dinner; but this time Major Lennard insisted upon her joining them. " It's the last dinner I shall give Mleg in Paris," he said; "for we must start for Brussehls on Saturday, and I mean it to be a good one." Eleonnor submitted, for her new friends had been very kind to her, and she bad no motive for opposing their wishes. It was much better for her to be with them in any scene of gaiety, however hollow anti false that gaiety might he, then alone in tihe splendid saloon at the HI6tel du Palos, brooding over her troubles in tie dusky twilight, and thinking of the horrible nightin which she had watchedr for her father's comning in the Rue de l'Arclhevque. 'The restaurant near the Place do In Bourss was very much crowded upon this sanny April afternoon, anti there was only one table vacant when the major and his party entered the flowery little quadrangle, where tihe rilupling of the fountain was unbheard amidsot the clattering of plates and tho chinking of silver forks. It wasn sevtn o'clock, and the dinners were in high progress; the diners nating very fast, and talking a great deal fastoer. The lit:le arnbour-liko box to which Major Lennard conducted the two ladies was next to a similar arbour in which there was a group of FPronchmen. Eleanor sat with her back to these men, who had very nearly finisbed dining, and who, fromn tihe style of their converation, applleared to have taken plenty of wine. 'lThe man who was evidently the entertainer sat with hIis legs amongst a forest of emrlty bettles; and the jingling of glasses andi the " cloop" of' newly-drawn corks drowned a good tdeal of the conversa tion. It was not very likely that Eleanor would listen to these men's talk; or, indeed, distin guish one voice from another, or one word from another, aminid the noise of the crowded garden. She had quite enough to do to attend to Mrs.eLennsrd, lwho chattered all dinner time, keooping up on ninterrupted habble, in which remarks upon tho business of the dinner-table were blended with criticisms upon the dress of laidiaes sitting in the other boxes. "You shouIld eat those little red things= baby lobsters-berivissoes, I think they call them, door; I always do. IHow do you like that bonnet; no, not that one-a little more St. Jaqueos, major-the black one with the peach- coloured strings? I wonder why they call all the clarets saints, and not the Bur undies. Do yeo think ehe's pretty in the ox-opposite? No, you don't think much of her, do you'--I lon'tt-I like tihe one in the blue silk, pretty well, if her eyebrows weren't so heavy. The dinner was drawing to a close, the maljor was up to his eyes in roast fowl and water.cres, and Mrs. Lenuard was scraping firuit out of a shellwork of heavy pastry with the point of her spoon, trifling idlly now that the great business was done, wlen Eleanor rose sutddonly from her seat, breathless and eager, as mulch startled by the sound of a voice in the next arbour as if a shell had just exploded amidst the dsbris of the dinner,. "After?" some one had said interroga tively. " After," answered a man whoso voice had grown hoarser and thicker, as tihe empty bottles about the legs of tihe president hIad becomo more nunmorous, " my otripling has refused me a little bank-note of a thousand francs. Thou art too dear, mIy friend, he has said to me; that has been paid alnready, and enough largely. Besides that was not great things. Ah I ha I said, thou art there, my drdle; you begin to fiatigue yourself of your confederate. Ioe is too rnnch. Very well; he Ihas his pride, lie also. Thou art the last of men, and I say to yeou, adieu, MIonsieur Launclot Darrell." This was the name that struck upon Elea nor's ear, and aroused the ol foeeling in all its strength. The snake had only been scotched after all. It reared its head tit the sound of that name like a war-horse at the blast of a trumpet. Eleanor starting to her feet, turned round and tfied the party in tihe next box. The man who had spokeln bad risen also, and was leaning nacross tie table to reach a bottle on tihe other side. T'Ihus it was that the faces of the two worms opposite to each otoher; and Victor Bo1 rdon, tihe commnercial traveller, recognised Gilbert Mlonckton's missing wife. 1ie dropped the glass that he was filling-, anld pouredl some wins into the cuff of his coat, while he stared at Eleanor in drunken surprise. " You are hlre, mandame? " he cried, with a look in which astonishrnent was blended with intense delight, a sort of tipsy radisnco that illuninated tihe Frenclman's fist fines. Even in the midst of her surprise at seeing him, Eleanor perceived that bleeding of expression, and wonderted at it. Beofore she could speak, Monsieur Bourdon hadl left hIis party and had deliberately seated himself in the empty chair next her. Hie seized her hand inl both his own, and bent over her as shie eshrank away from him. "Do not recoil Ironsm Ie, nmadarnlme," he said, always speakling in I"rnclh tlhat was considorably disgulised by wine. " Ah, you cdo not Icnow. I coo be of the last service to also. I havotirelnbrolle L inmyselt wntl tils Monsieur Long-cell- lotte, tfor always; after that which I have dmiens fe' uin, lie is an ingrate, he is less than that," Monsieur Bourdun struck theo nail of hIis thumb upon his front tooth with a gesture of ineftlble contempt. " But why do I tell you this, madnname? You usere in the gardon rwhen this lusni' old,-this. Monsicur de Crospigny, was lying dead. You reem mber; you know. Never mind, I lose myself tlhe head; I have dined ii little generously. Will you find your self to-morrow, madamo, in the gardlens of the Palais lRoyal, at five hours? There is music all thme Tuesdays. I have somnetbing of the last importance to tell you. Rmeember you that I knotv everything. I kInow tha1t you hate this Lonog- cellotte. I will give you your revenge. You will come; is it not?" "Yes," Eleanor answered, quickly. " Upon tme live hours ? 1 shall wait for you near to the fountain." " Yes." MIorsieur Bourdon rose, put on his .at with a drunken flourish, and went back to his friends. 'Th1' MaInjor and Mrs. Lennard had been all this time staring aghast at the drunken Frenchman. lie had spoken in a loud whisper to Eleanor, but neither Frederick Leonard nor hris wife retained very much of that French which had been sedu lously drilled into them during their school days, and beyondorderingadinner,or disputing with a landlord as to the unconscionable num ber of wax candles in a muonth's hotel bill, their knowledge of the language was very limited; so Eleanor bad only to explain to her friends that Monsieur Iourdon was a person whom she had ksown in England, and that be had brought her some news of im portance which she was to hear the following day in the gardens of the Phlais 1Royal. Mrs. Lennnrd, who was the soul ot good-i nature, readily consented to accompany Elean nor to this reltlezvous. " Of course I'll go, my dear, with pleasure; and really I think it's qucite finy, and indeed actually romantic, to go and meet a tipsyl Frenchman-at letet, of course, he won't be. tipsy to.day-near a fountaio ; and it reminds:: me of a French novel I once read in Englisbh1 wltich shows how true it must have been to foreign manners; but as the major knowi we're going, there's no harm, you know,' Mrs. Lennurd remarked, as they waulkcd frou, thie Hotel da Pilais to the gardens. 'l'h"i diners were hard at work already at thie chlea i" restaurants; and the brass band was playmt n ' lively melodies Imidst the dusty trees an(ti flowers, the lukewarm fountain, thie chitlrlenc the nursemeaids, and the rather seedy-lookint' I Parisian loungers. It was a quarter pas five, for Mrs. Lennartd had mislaid heo: parasol at the last moment, and theor ha been ten minutes emlployed in skirmuish an'', search. Monsieur VictorD ourdon wassittintj upon a bench near the fountain, but he to. toi' and darted forward wvith his bat in his han as tihe two ladies approached. : "I'll go and look in thie jewellers' shop'; Mis Villars," Mrs. Lennard said, " whi, ' you'ro talking to your friend, and pilease con tnmi look fori me when you want me. Ti c najor is to joilt us hero, you know, at hal? past six, andt we're to dine at Vdfour'. Goct moring."" Mrs. Loonard bestowed thoo final wor , upon the Frenchman, accompanied by a -graceful curtrsy, and departed. Victor Bour don pointed to the bench which hle had just left, and Eleanor sat down. The Frenchman seated hims?nlf next her, but at a respectful distance. Every trace of the tipsy excite ment of the previous night had vanished. He was qlite cool to day; and there was a cer tain look of determination about his mouth, and a cold glitter in his light, greenish-grey eyes that did not promiose well for any one ngaiinst whom lie might boar a grudgo. lHe spoke English to-day. Ie spoke it romarkably well, with only an occasional French locution. "Madame," lie began, "I shall not waste time, but come at once to the point. You hate Launcelot Darrell?" Eleanor hesitated. Thleor is something terrible in that word " hato." People enter tain the deadly sentiment; but they shrink from its plain expres!on. The naked word is too appalling. It is the half-sister of murder. " I have good reason to dislilke him-" she began. The Frenchman shrugged his shoulders as bo intorrupted liher. " Yes, you haite him !" Ie said; "you do not like to say so, because the word is not nice. You are-what is it you call it ?l-you are shocked by tihe word. But it is so, nevertheless; you hate him, and you have cause to hate him. Yes, I know now who you are. I did not know when I first saw yout in IBerkshire; but I know now. Launcelot Darrell is one who cannot keep a secret, anld be has told me. You are the daughter of that poor old man who killed himself in the PFaulourg Saeint Antoine that is enough! You are a great heart; yon would avenge the death of your father. 'You saw us that nighlt-thlo. night the wills were change ?" "I did," Eleanor answered, looking at the noan with sovereign contempt. lie spoke of the transaction as coolly as if it hadl been the mnost honourable and comlonllace business. "You are there in the darkness, and you see us," exclaimed MIonsieur Bourdon, bend ing over Eleanor andti speaking in a confi dential whlisper, "you watch, you look, you listen, and after, when you go into the house, you denounce Liuicelot. You declare tihe will is forge. 'The will is clangP. You were witness, you say; you tell all that you saw ! But they r do not believe you. ]ut why ? oBecause lwhen you say that you have thie true till in yo?. rpooke ymou cannot find it; it is gone." SThe Frenchman said this in a tone of triumphl, and then pausedt suddenly, looking earnestly at Elennor. As sheO returned that look a new light flashed upon her mind. She began to under stand the mystery of the lost will. "It is gone," cried Monsieur Ilourdon, "no trace, no vestige of it remains. You say, search the gorden ; the gardon is search; but no result. Tl'hen the despair seizes itself of you. Launcelot mocks himself of you; he laughs at your nose. You find yourself un happy; they do not believe you; they look coldly at you, they are ]horah to you, andl you fly from theom. It is like thlat; is it not ?" "Yes," Eleanor answeredl. Her breath came and went quickly; she never removed lher esyes from the man's fCee. She began to think that her j.stification was -julnluis.onlv.ta.hal nhliniul, hsvf .s, 5......... " What, then, of the lost will ? It was not swallowed uIp by the earth. It could not fly itself nway into thle space? What became of it ?" - "You took it fromn me!" cried Eleonnor. "Yos, I rememuber how closely you brnshed against me. 'IThe paper was too big to go altogether into tihe pocket of my dress. The ends were slticking out, and you-" ".I ditd all ay possible t teachu you a lesson! All when youtgn and beautifil ladies umix tlhemselves with such matters, it is no wonder they make mistakes. I was watching you alf the time, dear imadame. I saw 'you chlinge the papers, andl I fdrew tile will out of your pocket, aso easily as I could roobl you of Ithat lUidherchief." T'l corner of ai laicebotrdered handkerchief was visible amid thel folds of Eleanor's dress. 'Ihe Frenchman look the scrap of lice be tween his lingers, anid sntacled the hanudlker chief away with as niry lightness of tosch that might lhaie dolne credit to a pirofthssedl adepit iu thle art of vickintl?g pockets. I-IHe laughed as ie retsurned the hundkerchief to *E!eanor. Shlo scarcely noticedl theo notion, so deeply swas she absorbedl in the thought of the missing will. " You hiav te the will, thou?" " Si, nudlame.' " Why did you take it fiom me? " " U?lt wily, madaledsn ? For maniy roasolis. "First, because it is always good to seize upon anythling that other puoplie do not ksosw lhow to keep. Again, becauseo it is ialways well to have t strong Land, and a card that one's ad ,versary does niot know of. An extra king in one's coat-cuff is a good thing to have when one pilys 6cdtri, madalue. ThIat wvill is soy extra king." SThlle Frenclhman was silent for some little ?;time aster having mode wasbt he considered rather a startling coup. IHe sat watching 'Eleanor with a sidelong glance, and with a cunning twisnklhlr in his small eyes. "I s it that we are to be friends andi allies, .'madam ?" hle asked presently. 'flriends!" asked Eleanor. "Do you forget who I am? Do you faeget whose Tdastbhter I am? If Launcelot Darrell's was th only name written in miy father's last etter, you wore not Ithe less isi accomsplice in h vileliny that led to hIis deathl. 'Thle ipupil fas no doubt wsorthy of the isnster." " Yun s'ject tiy fliendsihi, th"en, mtialae? ou is inh to knIow nIothising of she docuitunutit h t is in iay possessiosn ? You treat se froism igh to low ? You refuse to ally yourself ith me ? Hein ?" ""I will use you as an .iustrument against auncelot Durrell, if you please," Eleanor nswered, "since it seems that you have buarrelled with yourts fiast friend." " Bit yes, nmadamei. lWhen pussy lhas Ilod tie chestnuts out of the fire, she is ce'obrward the most unusefil of animals, d they chuse her. Do you undtlerstand, andanme? cried tihe Frei'lnohman, with a dden transfbrmation from the monkey to "i 5 tiger phase of his chatacte', that was ' ,rceiy agreeable. " Do you uoderstand?" hissed. " Monsieur Lan?ncloet has ennuied !ui 'self of me. Im chased! Me!" IIe struick his gloved fingers upon his it1!ast to give emphasis to this last word. ' It is of the last canaille, this youeg enst," )9 - " he continued with a bshrug of disgust. "Ingrate, poltroon, scoundrel! When the forge will, forge at my suggestion by the clerk of the avoub de Vindsor, has been read, and all his finish, and no one dispute his pos session, and he enter his new domain as master, the real nature of the man reveal it self. The genuine will is burn, he think. lie defies himself of his clear friend, the poor Bourdon, andl he would not even tell him who would have benefit by that genuine will. It is burn! Did he not see it scorch and blaze with his own eyes? There is nothing to fear; and for this poor comrade who has helped my gentleman to a great fortune, he is less than that! Monsieur Bourdon snapped his fingers de risively, and stared fiercely at Eleanor. Then he relapsed into a sardonic smile, and went on. "At first things go on charmingly. Mon sieur Launncelot is more sweet than the honey. It is new to him to be rich, and for the first month he scatters his money with full hands. Then suddenly be stops. He cries out that he is on the road to ruin; that his friends claims are monstrous. Faith of a gentleman, I was, perhaps, extravagant; for I am a little gamester, and I like to see life en grand sewtneur. A bas la moutarde. I said. My friend is millionnaire. I am no more com mercial traveller. Imagine, then, when mon goro~on shuts up his-what is it you call it, then- clchque-book, and refuse me a paltry sum of a thousand francs. I smile in his face," said Monsieur Bourdon, nodding his head slowly, with half-closed eyes, " and I say, 'Bon jour, Monsieur Darrell; I shall make you hear some news of me before I am llluch older.' " "You did not tell him that the will was in your possession?" " A thousand thunders! No !" exclaimed thie Frenchman. "I was not so much foolish as to show him the beneath the cards. I come over here to consult a friend, an avou6." "And he tells you--?" "No matter. You are better than the avoed, madame. You hate Launcelot Dar roll; this will is all you want to prove him a cheat and a blacksmith,-pardon, a forger." "But to whom does Mr. de Crespigny leave his estate in this genuine will? " asked Mrs. Monckton. The Frenchman smiled, and looked at Eleanor thoughtfully for a few, moments be fbre he answered her. " Wait a little, madame," he said; " that is my little secret. Nothing for nothing is the rule here below. I have told you too much already. If you want to know more you must pay me." "Prove that I spoke the truth upon that night," exclaimed Eleanor, "and I promise you that my husband, Gilbert Monckton, shall reward you handsomely." "Dirt if monsienr should repudiate your promise, miloamo, since he has not authorised you to give it ? I am not very wise in your English law, and I would rather not mix my selfin this affiir. I do not want to be pro duced as witness or accomplice. I want, all simply, to get a price for this document. I have something to sell. You wish to buy it. Name your price." " I cannot," answered Eleanor; C I hove no money. But I might get some, perhaps. Tell me, how much do you want ? " \- .abubr euout tier etati oesponuennty. " Impossible l" she said; " there is no one, axcept my husband, from whom I could get such an amount, and I could not ask him for money, until after I had proved Laoncelot Darrell's infamy." The Frenchman watched her closely. He saw that she had spoken the truth. " You do not knowv how much this will is worth to you, madame," he said. "Remem ber, I could make terms with Launcelot Darrell, and sell it to him for perhaps ten times the sum I ask of you. But Monsieur Darrell was insolent to me; he struck me once with the butt end of his hunting-whip; I do not forget. I could get mote money fruomt him; htt I can get my revenge through yoll." He hissed out these words betiveen his teeth, and glared vindictively at the fountain, as if the plhantomt of Launcelot Darrell had boen looking at hinm out of the sparkling water-drops. Revenge was not ta beautiful iting, as represented hy Victor Burden. Porhups Eleanor may have thought of this as shte looted at him. " I stant my revenge," he repeated; "after all, gold is a villain shing. Revenge is more dear-to gentlemen. Besides, I do not think yot vOtld pay me ungenerously if I helped you to cruitlt tiles saoostndrol, and Itelped you to sometseitltg elso by the market, flein?" " I toll yot again, that you shall be well rewarded," Mrs. Alonckton said, gravely. "Very well, then, listen to me. It is to day Tu'sday. It ti week I shall have time to itink. In a week youwvill have leisure to gather together a little money-all you can get. At the etd of that time come to me at my apartttetst-hritng with you any friend you like. I do not think you are traitor-or ingraso-and you see I trust you. I will have my friensi, the-wvhat you call him ettorneoy, with me-and we may come to an arrangement. Yost shall sign a contract stll ruled-for to pay me in the fututre, and then the till is to ytsu. You return to Esg. Iltid; you say, 'Aba, Monsieur Launcelot, walk out of that. It is your turn to he chased.'" Victor Bousrdon grinned ferociously, then took a msssttotandum book from his pocket, reote a fesv wvords in pencil, tore out the letf tuptotn which thtus vere written, and handed it to Mrs. Monckton. "'lhis is ussy tddress," he said. "Ot Truesday, at seven o'clock itt the cveniug, I shall exptecs to see yout titers, and yottr friend. But if yotu think to bohrzuy me, roemhbr I am not tse ttan to forgive an injury. I have tbo honour to salute you, msadame. Bon jour." He took oft his hat with a flourish, and walked away. Eleanor sat for some minutes whore he had left her, thinking over what had happened, before she went into the arcades to look for Mrs. Lennard. That night she told the Lennards who she was, and all her story. She felt that it was better to do so. She must have freedom now to act, and to act promptly. She could not do this, and. yot preserve her secret. IIoer old ally, Richard Thornton, would be indis pensable to her in this criisi, and she wrote to him early on the morning after her inter view with Monsieur Bourdon, imploring him to come to her immediately. CnAPTEU LYVL No letter came from Richard Thornton. Eleanor was seized with a kind of panic as the days went by, and there was no answer from the young man, the faithful friend, without whose help she felt herself so powerless. Eleanor had addressed her letter to the Pilasters, enclosed in an envelope directed to Signora Picirillo, with a few hurried lines requesting that it might be immediately for warded to the scene-painter. He was in Scotland still, very likely, and some days must elapse before he could respond to Eleanor's summons. She felt assured that he would come to her. There are some friends whose goodness we no more doubt than we doubt the power of God; and Richard Thornton was one of these. But the week passed, and no reply came to Eleanor's appeal for help; so she began to feel that she stood alone, and must act for herself. She must act for herself, since to think of getting any assistance from either the major or his wife in this business, which demanded foresight, coolness, and diplomacy, would have been about as reasonable as to apply to one of the children playing under the trees in the gardens of the Tuileries. As far as sympathy went, Major and Mrs. Lennard were all that the most exacting individual could require. The major offered to do anything in a mtscular way on behalf of his wife's friend. Should he punch the head of that scoundrelly Frenchman ? Should he go over to England and horse whip Launcelot Darrell, and bring Gilbert Monckton to reason, and play up old goose berry altogether? This good-natured Her cules was ready to hit out right and left in the defence of poor Eleanor. But the one friend whom Mrs. Monckton wanted in this crisis was Richard Thornton. Richard, the clear-sighted, even-tempered, unproejuuiced young man, who was ready to go through fire and water for the sake of his beautiful adopted sister, without noise or bluster; and when the Tuesday, the day appointed by the Frenchman for Eleanor's visit to his apartments, came, and Richard Thornton did not come with it, the lonely girl almost gave way to despair. She felt that she had to encounter a wretch who was utterly without honour or honesty, and who, seeing the value which she set upon the possession of kMaurice do Cres pigny's will, would be all the more exacting in his demands. And she had nothing to bribe him with; nothing. She had been too proud to appeal to her husband. For ever impulsive, for over in considerate, she had not stopped to think that he of all others was the most fitting person to stand by her in this crisis. At first the thought of writing to Gilbert Monckton had indeed flashed across her mind, but in the next moment she had re membered the bitter humiliation of her last failure. She could not endure another such degra dation; and she had seen treachery and dis honour so long triumph over the simple force of truth, that she had begun to think that wrong was stronger than right, and always must be victorious. "If I were to write and ask Gilbert to come to me, this Frenchman would perhaps disappear before my husband could arrive; or he would be afraid of Gilbert, very likely, and would deny any lknowledge of ,-~sLater, who had heaped up one falseh?:, upon another, in the w'eak attelmpt to justify herself. No. Gilbort Mhonckton shall hoear nothing of me until I can go to him with Mauric do Orospigny's will in my hands." Bu1t in the meantime this helpless girl's anxiety grew every hour more intense. What reliance could she Iflace upon the words of the Frenchmanu ? She had on countered him vwhilo he -.was still smarting under the sense of his wrongs, and in that state. of his feelings revenge had seemeod even sweeter to himn than gain. But this state of things might not endure very3 long. The commercial traveller might listen to the dictates of reason rather than to the fiery promptings of passion, and mighlt begin to thlink that a substantial recomponse in the shape of money was better than any sugar-plum in the way of revenge. I-l had said that Lanucelot Darroll would be willing to give him ten times a thousand piounds for the genuine will. What more likely than that Monsieur Victor Bourdon should have thought better of his original design, and opened negotiations with the new master of Woodlands ? Mloneiour Bourdon would in all proba bility have done precisely this, had he not been hindered by one of those unlooked-for and purely providential circumstances whichl so often help single and simple- minded Truth in her encounters with versatile and shifty Falsehood. At half- past six o'clock upon thie appointed evening, Eleanor 1Monckton left the HIbtol du Pualais, escorted by RMajor Lonnard, on her way to the Frenchman's lodging. She had waited until the last moment in the hope of lichard Thornton's arrival, but he had not come; and she had beeoon fain to accept the oflfer of this good-natured over grown schoolboy, who still persisted that theo immediate punching of Victor Bourdon's head would be the best and surest moans of getting possession of the will. "Let me punch the fellow's bead, Miss TVil-beg pardon, Mirs. Monckton. The idea of your being married to old Monckton! Ho ain't any older than me, you know; but I always call him old Moonuckton. Lot me punch this d- Frenlchman's head, that'll bring the follow to book in next to no time, and then we can do what we like with him." But Eloanor impressed upon her stalwart protector thalt thoro must be no muscular domoustration, anud that the conduct of the interview was to be loft entirely to her. " I don't in the least hope thiat he'll give up the will without a bribe," Eleanor said; " lie is the last man upon earth to do that." "I'll toll you what, then, Mis. Mfouckton," exclaimed the umajor; "I haven't any ready money, I never had, since I borrowed sixpences of a sucking bill-dis counter at the first school I over went to; but I'll giveo you my acceptance. Let this follow draw upon me for a thousand at three months, and give up the document for that consideration. Monckton will enable me to mooeet the bill, no doubt, when lhe finds I was of service to you in this business." Eleanor looked at the major with a gleam of hope in her face. But tlhat transient gleam very quickly faded. She lhad only a vague idea of the nature and properties of accommodation bills; but she had a very positive notion of Victor otourdon's charac ter, and, though this plan sounded feasible enongh, she did not think it would succeed. "You are very good to me, Major Len nard," she said, " and believe me, I appre ciate your kindness; but I do not think that this Frenchman will consent to take anything but ready money. He could get that from Launcelot Darrell, rememberi at any time." Eleanor's hope was the one chance that ;he might induce Victor Bourdon to accept ner promise of a reward from Gilbert Monck ton after the production of the will. The neighbourhood in which the com mercial traveller lived, whenever he made Paris his head-quarters, was one of the dingiest localities in the city. Major Len nard and Eleanor, after making numerous inquiries, and twice losing their way, found themselves at last in a long narrow street, one side of which was chiefly dead-wall, broken here and there by a dilapidated gate way or a dingy window. At one corner there was a shop for the sale of unredeemed pledges; a queer old shop, in whose one murky window obsolete scraps of jewellery, old watch-keys, impossible watches with cracked enamel dials and crippled hands that pointed to hours whose last moments had passed away for half a century; mys terious, incomprehensible garments, whose fashion was forgotten, and whoso first owners were dead and gone; poor broken-down clocks, in tawdry ormolu cases, that had stood upon lodging-hlouse mantelpieces, in differentlv telling the wrong time to gone rations of lodgers; an old guitar ; a string less violin; poor, frail, cracked cups and saucers, that had been precious once, by reason of the lips that had drunk out of them; a child's embroidered frock; a bat tered christening cup; a tattered missal ; an old volume of the Wandering Jew; amid a hundred other pitifil relics which poverty barters for a crust of bread, faded in the evening sunlight, and waited for some eccen tric purchaser to take a fancy to them. Next door to this sarcophagus of the past, there was an eating-house, neat and almost cheerful. whero one could have a soup, three courses, and half a bottle of wino for five pence. The whole neighbourhood seemed to be, somehow or other, overshadowed by dchurches, and pervaded by the porpeotual tramp of funerals; and, lying low and out of the way of all cheerful traffic, was apt to have a depressing effect upon the spirits of frivolous people. Eleanor, leading the major-who was of about as much use to her as a blind man is to his dog-succeeded at last iu finding the house which boasted Monsicur Victor Bourdon amongst its inhabitants. I say "amongst" advisedly; for as there was the office of a popular bi-weekly periodical upon the first floor, a greongroccr in the re:-de crausccd, a hairdresser, who professed to cut and friz the hair, on the second story, and a mysterious lady, whoso calling was repre sented by a faded pictorial board, resident somewhero under the roof, the commercial traveller was a very unimportant inhabitant, an insignificant nomad, replaced to-day by a student en drost, to- morrow by a second-rate actor at a fifth-rate tl?hoatre. Eleanor found this when she came to make inquiries of the portross as to the possibility of seeing Monsieur Bourdon. This lady, who was knitting, and whose very matronly contour made it impossible for her to see hler knitting-needles, told Eleanor "sis v bsoin.. thit time. IHo was apt to re ?rihr late at nighd, upon the two hours, in offedt, botwer-n two wines, and atthose times he ~1ias enough abrupt, and was evidently by no means a favourite with madame the portress. But on looking into a dusky corner where some keys were hanging upon a row of rusty nails, madame informed Eloeanor thait Monsieur B3ourdon was at home, as his key was not amongst the rest, and it was his habit to leave it in her care wheu hle went out. The portress seemed very much struck by the discovery, for she remarked that the last time lshe had seen Bourdon go out had been early in thie morn ing of Sunday, and that she did not remember having seeoon him re- enter. But upon this a brisk young person of tweolveo or thirteen, who was busy getting up fine linen in the recesses of the lodge, cried out in a very shrill voice that Monsieur Bourdon had returned before mid-day on Sunday, looking a little ill, and dragging himself with a fatigued air. Heo was at homo, then, the portress ex claimed; at least, she did inot utter any equivalent to our English word home, anid ini thalct evinced considerable wisdom, since a French lodginig is a place so utterly unhomo like, that the meanest second-floor at Isling ton or Chelseaon, presided over by the most unconscionable of British landladies, be comes better than all the pleasures and palaces we can roam amidst-and it is not overybody who has the chance of roaming amidst pleasures and palaces--by the very force of comparison, MIonsiour was che: lIi, the portress said, and would madame ascend? Monisoun's apartment was on the entrosol, with windowrs giving upon the street. Ma dame would see a black door facing her upon the first landing. Eloanor went u1 a short flight of steps, followed by the major. She knocked upon the panel of the black door-once, twice, three times; but there was no answer. "I'd lay a fiver the feller's gone out again," the major exclaimed; "that jabber ing Frenchwoman didn't seem to know what she was talking about." But Eloanor knocked a fourth time, and very much louder than she had knocked before. Theoro was no answer even this time; but a voico was heard within blas pheming aloud with horrible French oxecra tions that seemed to freeze Eleanor's blood as sheo listened to themn. ,She did listen to them, involuntarily, as people often listen in a crowded thorough fare to the obnoxious clamour of a drunkon mani, paralysed for the moment by the hor ror of his hideous oaths. Eleanor turned very pale, and lookied despairingly at the major. " IHark," she whispored, "he is quarrel ling with some one." The big soldier deliberately turned him self into a convenient place for listoning, and flattened his oar against the keyhole. "No, he ain't quarrellin' with any one," the major said presently. "I can't make much out of his lingo, but there's only one voice. He's all alone, and goin' on like a madman." The major opened the door softly as he spokeO. Monsieur Bourdon's apartment was divided into two low-roofed chambers, a little larger than comfortable pigeon-holes ; and ia the iauer anda smaller chamber Eleanor and her companion saw the com mercial traveller wandering backwards and forwards in his obscure don, only dressed in his trousers and shirt, and gesticulating like a madman. Mrs. Monckton clung to the soldier's arm. She had some cause for fear, for in the next moment the Frenchman descried his visitors, and with a howl of rage, rushed at the majior's throat. The most intellectual and diplomatic individual in Christendom would have been of very little service to Eleanor at that mo ment, if he had boon also a coward. Major Lennard lifted the commercial traveller in his arms, as easily as if that gentleman had been a six months' old baby, carried him into the next room whero there was a narrow little bedstead, flung him on to the mattress, and held him there. "You'll find a silk handkerchief in my pocket, my dear,' ho said tou ileanor, "i you'll be so kind as to pull it out. Voulez vous gardez-vous trangkeel, dong, vous scoundrel! " he exclaimed, addressing him self to the struggling Frenchman. Mrs. Monckton obeyed. She fell into her place quite naturally, giving way before the major. Hlo was the hero of the moment. Frederic Soulid has said that the meanest actor who ever trod the boards of a theatre, has some inspired moment in which he is great. I fancy it must be pretty much tile same in the drama of life. This was the major's moment; and he arose out of his normal inanity, resplendent with unconscious grandeur. The silk handkerchief was a large one, and Major Lonnard used it very dexterously about Monsieur Bourdon's wrists; then he found another handkerchief in another pocket, and used it as a bandage for the Frenchman's ankles; and having done this he sat down by the bedside and contem plated his handiwork complacently, puffing and blowing a little while he did so. Victor Bourdon lay very still, glaring at the ponderous soldier with eyes that were lioe those of a wild beast. "I know thee," heo exclaimed; "thou hast been with me all the night, thou hast eat uponmy chest; ah, Gridin i thouart the biggest of all demons that torment me. Phou breathost the fire and the sulphur, and thy breath burns me, and now thou hast attached my hands with bands of iron, white hot, and thou hast tied my ankles with living scorpions ! " Eleanor stood at a few paces from the bed, listening with horror to the man's delirious ravings. "What is it?" she asked, in a subdued voice. "Is it a fever that makles him like this ? Or has he gone mad ? " The major shook his head. "I think I can guess pretty well what's the matter with the poor devil," he said: "he's been going it a little too fast. Re's got a touch of del. trem." "Del. trem!" "Delirium tremens, my dear," answered the major. "Yes, you can hear his teeth chattering now this minute. I had it once when I was up the country, and our fellers took to live upon brandy pawnee. I had rather a sharp time of it, while it lasted; used to fancy the tent was on fire; wanted to go out tiger-hunting in the middle of the night; tried to set the bed-clothes alight to cure myself of the hiccough; and ran after man has got a touch of it, Mrs. Monekton, and I dent think we shall get much reason out of him to-night." The conduct of Monsieur Victor Bourdon, who was at that moment holding a very ani mated discourse with a dozen or so of juve nile demons supposed to be located in the bed-curtains, went very far towards confirm ing the major's assertion. Eleanor sat down at the little table, upon wvhich the dirty litter of the Fronchman's last meal was huddled into a lheap and inter mixed with writing materials; an ink bottle and a mustard pot, a quill pen and a tea spoon lying iside by side. The girl's fortitude had given way before this now and most cruel disappointment. She covered her face with her hands and sobbed aloud. Major Leonnard was very much distressed at this unexpected collapse upon the part of hIis chief. He was very big, and rather stupid; but he had one of those tender childish natures which never learn to be hard and unmerciful. IRo was for over patting the shock heads of dirty pauper children, for ever fumbling in his pockets for copper coin, always open to the influence of any story of womanly distress, and quite unable to withstand the dingiest female, if she could only produce the merest phantom of a tear to be wiped away furtively from one eye, while the other looked round the corner to see if the shot wrent home. Hoe loolked piteously at Eleanor, as she sat sobbing passionately, half unconscious of his presence, forgetful of everything except that this last hops had failed her. "I thought that he might leave Paris, and go back to Launcelot Darrell," she said, in a broken voice, "but I never thought of anything ilke this." "Sh-sh-sh-sh!" cried Monsieur Bourdon from the bed. "Fitz! Cats, cats! Chase tlloso cats, somebody! There's the girl Faust saw upon the Bracken with tihe little rat running out of her mouth! There, sitting at tlhe table! Go then, Volouso, Gueuse, Infime!" screamed the French man, glaring at Eleanor. The girl took no notice of him. Her sobs grow every moment louder and more hysterical. The major looked at her help ossldy. "Don't," he said, "mny good creature, donl't now·. This is really dreadful, 'penmy soul, now. Come, come, now; cheer up, my dear, cheer up. You won't do anything you kmow, by giving way. I alwayo tell Mlargarot that, whno she thinkselshe can catch the train by sitting on the ground and crying because ler portmanteau won't shut. Nobody ever did, you know, and if you don't put your shoulder to thle whslool The major might have ramnbled on in this wise for some time; but the sobbing grow louder; and lhe felt that it was imopera tively necessary that something energetic should be done in this crisis. A bright tlought flashed upon him as he looked hope lossly round thee room, and in another me moat he had seized a small white crockery ware jug from the Frenchman's toilet table, anid launched its contents at Eleanor's head. This wes a second master-stroke. The girl looked up with hiead dripping, but with her courage revived by the shock her senses had received. She took off her wet bonnet, and pushed the drenched. hs from her forohead. "Oh, major," she said, "I know been very silly. But I was so takeon ? prise. It seems so cruel that this happen. I shall never got the will o.t "Stuff and nonsense, my dear," ? 1? Major Lennard. "What's to prevnt0? getting it?" "What do you mean?" "What's to prevent your taking i We'ro not going to stand upon crem i, with such a feller as this, are weeso Mfonekton ? le stole the will from yo a if you can get the chance, you'll rea' compliment by stealing it from hisim.t play's a jewel, my dear Mrs. At?si nothing could be fairer than that. SO. set to work at once; and I lhopos e excuse the cold water, which w, yo in kindness, I assure you." Eleanor smiled and gave the major i hand. "I'm sure it was," she said. "Isca liked the idea of your coming with major, for fear you should do some mise by being a little too impetuous. Baut Ido know what I should have done without yos' Major Lennard shrugged his shoull15 with a deprecating gesture. "I might have been useful to yeon dear," he said, "if the feller had been ac right and I could have punched his head but one can't get any credit out of a cdh when he's in that state," added the ma?or pointing to the commercial traveller, wb' was taking journeys on his own account into the horrible regions of an intemperate man'a fancy. " Now, the first thing we shall want, MI, Monckton," said the major, " is a candle and a box of lucifers. We must have a light before we can do anything." It was not dark yet; but the twilight wo growing greyer and greyer, and the shadow, were gathering in the corners of the room. Victor IBourdon lay glaring at his teo visitors through the dusk, while the ma?or groped about the mantelpiece for a box of lucifers. He was not long in finding what he wanted. He struck a little waxen match against the greasy paper of the wall, and then lighted an end of candle in a tawdry cheap china candlestick. " Ease her, ease her ! " cried the French. man; "I see the lights ahead of Normandy, on the side of the wind. She'll strike upon a rock before we know where we are. What are they about, these English sailors ? are they blind, that they don't see tahe light " Major Lennard, -with the candle in his land, set to work to look for the missing document. He did not look very system atically, but as he pulled out every drawer and opened every cupboard, and shook out the contents of every receptacle, flinging them remorselessly upon the floor, he cer tainly looked pretty effectually. Eleanor, kneeling on the ground amongst the chaotic heap of clothes and papers, tattered novels, broken meerschaum pipes and stale cigar ends, examined every pocket, every book, and every paper separately, but with no re suit. The drawers had been ransacked, the cupboards disembowelled, a couple of port. mnanteaus completely emptied. Every nook and corner of the two small rooms had been most thoroughly searched, first by the major in a slap-dash and military manner; after wards by Eleanor, who did her work with calmness and deliberation, though her heart was beating, and the hot blood surging in her o.oar-exc1ce51 buli. Every possibla hiding place in the two rooms had been ex amined, but the will had not been found. Every possible hiding-place had been ex amined; except the pockets of Victor Bourdon's trousers, and the bed upon which he lay. The major stopped to scratch his head in despair, and stood staring hopelessly at the unhappy victim of his own vices, who was still raving, still remonstrating with invisible demons. But Eleanor aroused her friend from.this state of stupefaction. "He may have the will about him, major," she said. " Aha! " cried the soldier, "if he has, 'll have it out of him. Give it me, you aun conscionablo blackguard," he exclaimed, pouncing upon the delirious Frenchman. " I'll have it out of you, you scoundrel. Tell mno whoro it is directly. Dites-enoi o i est, dong! What have you done with it, sir? What have you done with Maurice de Cres pigny's will?" The faemiliar name aroused a transitory gi?am os consciousness in Victor Bourdon. "Ha, ha," he cried, with a malicious chuckle. " Maurico de Crespigny, tho old, the parent of that Long-collotte ; but I will have my revenge; but he shall not enjoyhis riches. The will, the will; that is mino, it will give me all." Hoe raised himself by a great effort into a sitting posture, and made frantic efforts to disengage his hands. "He is thinking of the will," cried Eleanor; "loosen his wrihts, major! Pray, pray do, before the thought leaves him." Major Lennard obeyed. He loosened the knot of the silk handkerchief, but before he could remove it, Victor Bourdon had pulled his hands through the slackened noose, and clutched at something in his breast. It wam a folded paper which he snatched out of the bosom of his shirt, and waved triumlphantly above his head. "Aha, Monsieur Long-cellotto !" he screamed. "I will pay thee for thy inso lence, my friend." But before the Frenchman's uplifted arm had described a second circle in the air above his head, the major swooped down upon him, snatched away the paper, handed it to Eleanor, andre-secured Monsiour Bourdon'e wrists with the silk handkerchief. So brief lhad been the interval of semi consciousness, that the commercial traveller had already forgotten all about Lanncelot Darroll and his own wrongs, and had rambled off again into impotent execrations against the imaginary demons amongst the bed curtains. Eleanor unfolded the paper, but she only read the first few words, "I Maurice de Crcspigny, being at this time, &e.;" for be fore she could read more. the door of the outer room was suddenly opened, and Richard Thornton hurried through into the bed-chamber. But not Richard only, behind him came Gilbert Mionckton, and it was hlie into whose outstretched arms Eleanor flung herself. "You will believe me now, Gilbert," she cried. "I havo found the proof Launcelot Darrell's guilt at last." (lb 6e concklud next Sae(:da.) Ealte, iriLtd, ald pvubtlahd ~' YLL nUa OucbSOLL *r ai Ihe er ald Wsit u Prnting QgEs, dubUrtfltet Goarlburn, New Bouth Wanlss, 