BACKING A OOBBESPOMPBMT'B HODSK, D« of I be Corresponde nfs of lh.* V<w Y1hJrfmVL gf T wülotfojaWoñviOMot Uiho*» daring tba reoent . Confedérate »dvM.ce ur»n Washington. He tba» tell. tte »torr of bf» wron?.;-» Hering; an abiding^ faith In the ability a» well a« diiposition of tba government to protect all reaidenta within a reasonable diatance of the capital, in an unfortunate hour I hired a boneo one mile from Fort Steven« . on tbe Seventh-street pike, five and a half miles from Wash- ington-where house-rent, feel, and all the necessaries cf life are to be had at comparatively reasonable rates-and into which Imoved all my hom eh old goods and treasures in April last. On Sunday Joly 10, circumstances rendered it necessary tHat I ahonld return to the army in front of Peters- burg. The foot that Early had crossed the Potomao \- was then generally known, and the prudential qnery aa to whether I should leave a wife and four daughters outside the forte of "Washington suggested itself but all apprehensirn were quieted by the assurance that everything possible was being done, and seeing no outer lines of defence prepared between my residence and the forts, I torr naturally assumed that mypojition was really within the outer de- fences of the oapital and therefore perfectly tafe from any simple raiding party. Thus assured I leff my family and went to the ermT. Tuesday night's mall dissipated what- ever notions of'safety I had previously entertained. As . quick as possible I returned, and reached my home OB Thursday morning. From acquaintances whom I met on . the road I bad learnt eaough to be prepared for the worst, and was almost aa philosophical as tbe Irishman when about to be execute!, . who said he felt thankful that his punishment was no more, but not quite. As 1 stepped into the house there stood before me my wife and four little daughters, their nakedne'B scarcely covered by the few articles of clothing tbe enemy ? hod oonsented to leave them, etanding aronnd a table upon \- which was placed a plate of brollei ham and a few crackers, whioh a more for.unate neighbour had kindly sent in, and tho question under consideration just at that moment was bow they were to cot 'he meat; my arrival solved this difficulty, for I soon produced a pooket- knife, and six of us nsed it at this matutinal meal. Snob, a pioture of desolation as was presented ta my ejes os I entered the .house that morning I never hope to witness again. The 'dejected oaro-worn appearance of my family would almost hare exoited the sympathy of a rebel. The floors through- out the house were oovered with the debi ii of housekeep ing artioles. As stated before, I thought I was prepared for the worst,' bat I was not. I WOB prepared to see my. boose saoked of every useful artiole. either of olotbing . or furniture, but I was not prepared to fiad my children's playthings and other presents to them wantonly . destroyed ; I was , not prepared to hear that oven a . rebel soldier was deaf to the pitiful appeals of a little girl, four years old, to save her canary bird from detraction. Nor was I prepared, indeed, to find every article of virtu, which ; had been oolleoted during a period ot twenty years, destroyed -or carried away; jet all these things were done. . Dolls were stripped of clothing, heads wrenched off, and thea, as if the fellows oould not find objeots enough to vont their spite npon, they out open the bodies off the dolls and tamed . out the sawdust AB old dock excited their ire, bot instead <? of knocking it upon the floor and destroying it in a manly ? way, they filled the worka with a compound of wheat flour meal, a deodorsing |flour, flower seeds, and resin oil. Not satisfied with doing this muoh they primed.the house with kerosene, and were about to apply the match, when the intruders discovered Union soldiers scaling a fenoe into the yard, when they left in great haste ? It is said (pottioally) that there is a silver lining to every cloud. If there is a silver lining to thia affair, it is in the fact that the men who revelled in my borne knew whoso property. they were destroying, and told exultingly,, in the pretence of my wife and children, what they had done ; that they had ' gutted the homo of oro who had done the Confederate oause mere barm than any ten of Lincoln's soldiers. '" The writer then goes back to explain what had passed : Near my boase on «ither side of the pike, the enemy had planted their guns. Generals Early, Breckenridge, and nearly all of the other general officer's, with their alafia, occupied tho yard surrounding my house My wife asked if they meant to injure us. An ofiioer replied, ' We shall not but your friends may.' It is due to the rebel offioera to say that all of them treated the members of my family courteously. When the skirmish line was passing through onr yard, and some of the men trampled . upon a flower bed, my wife, being somewhat excited, told the men not to orush her flowers, whereupon General Breck- enridge laughing'? ordered the men to leave. They were seen from one ot the forts, and a 103-pou'nder shell was. thrown, whioh struck a post within five yi.rds of where my wife and ohildren stood conversing with a sqnad of rebel offioers. Three partióles of the shell hit one of my little i girls, seven years old, in her left ear causing blood to flow, and for a moment stunning ber. The rebel officers insisted that my wife should go to the rear ; but she had decided to remain and proteot her property at all hazards. Several shells successively exploded near the bc use within a few minutos, and balls from oar skirmish line came inunpleasant proximity to the party in the yard. My wife was again importuned to leave, and on account if her children . con- sented to do so, provided a guard was placed aver the housè ; whioh request was agreed to, bat never complied with, or, if . it was, no protection was afforded. 1'nder the guidance of Dr Strath,, my family was escorted through the rebel troops to the house of Oliver Clark two miles in the r«ar,_ whero Colonel Arnett, of the 20th Virginia Cavalry, made his hoad* . quarters, and where they remained nntil the last of the enemy had fallen .btok." A BIVOUAC AFTEB TUE'BATTLE.-The Sold waa rich in booty. I myself counted fifteen magnificent brass and bronze field pieoes, pointed south-west and north-west, with caissons and . horses and dozens of cannoniers, exoo ly as they were left by the vanquished owners. Cam pa, olothing, thousands of prisoner', and immense quantities of small arms, banners, drums, and other appurtenances of war, were gathered in a few hours while most of the troops lay fast asleep where they had halted, many, using a dead Federal fur a pillow 2 The destruction was awful ; and if many guns fell into oar hands, heaps of blue-Jaokota. round them told that they had been heroically defended. Many horse* were shot; and the enemy, finding themselves unable to oarry off the pieces, had deliberately cut the throats of the uninjured.animals to prevent them falling into our hands In feet, several artillerymen were caught in this inhuman sot, and bayoneted upon the spot. The ground round the \- cannon was dyed purple. Judging from the plaoid coun- tenances of many, I thought they wero only sleeping ; but, on closer inspection invariably discovered a small hole in tho side of tho bead, made by the unorring bullet o lour sharpshooter;. Two old farm.houses-one in the north- eastern and another in the north-western quarter- had been . converted into field-hospitals, and when I passed the large yards were covered with Yankees, many of their own surgeons attending them. Oar loss seemed to be ia wounded but theirs in dead 1 Though we had mach the worse position, and no oannon to assist, the numbers of their dead, particularly in tho woods, surpassed all I could have believed. The timber was literally crowded with blue- jackets, and regiments whioh bad von thoso positions could eoaroely find sufficient ground on which to bivouac wi1 bout trampling . apon the poor creatures strewn in a'l directions The . groans of the wounded were heartrending yet cur men lit ' tires, and cooked their suppers as unconcerced aa if nought bad happened, while not ten paces from them they oould not Btep without treading upon some dead or wounded ?enemy. Generals, colonels, and regimen's were eoa tered through the timber all engaged in boiling water or cooking bsocn on pronged stioks, whi le . ambulances and carriages ..wero Blowly moving ? to and fro all night, oarrylng off \- the wounded and bumping against some inanimate oaroase in the darkness. " Hospital 'corps,' little-bearers, end . others, were every where busy while now and then a sufferer . would pats in a blood-stained blanket, carried by six oom \ panions ia solemn procession, a seventh leading the way through the woods with nuning brands or lanterns. [Ammunition waggons were bailly engaged ia distributing cartridged for th s morrow, while artillerymen were deaning the' captured guns, and tho movements af couriers deliver- ing orders, the tramp of troops, and tho rouble of artillery, beapokn active operations in tbe morning. Spades were everywhere in request for interring tho dead ; oomradea pipe in mouth, consigned their relations to tba humble grave without tenrs or words while a few, more tlougbt f ul, lingered by the csmp fir«, and talked of the incidents -of battle.-- Battle fieUt of the South. MAJOR/YELVERTON ON ms NETIIEWS LEO AL VIOTORT. .xiii a letter to tho St jr Major W. H Yelverton says : - . " I am moob obliged to you for inserting the lotter whioh ' the Hon. Mr». Theresa Yelverton addróised to yon. It Is a .beautiful and noble appeal, arid I endorse every word of it. Where 'he whole question turned upon the proof of facts, «nd whore snoh proof depended on tho credibility of witne s s ramil whore the law Went along with the faots, it was a oruelty to deny the lady attrill'voce examination. I attended the whole of the trial in Ireland, and have no hesitation in nlfirmisg that on that occasion the jury, the benob, the bar, and all bj-standers believed Mrs. Yelvorton's evidence ; and there oin be little donbt that, if the throe law lords who decided against her in the late ' appeal' had been ' present, tfiev would have done the same. I rejoice, therefore to find there is still a door open through which she may again meet her foa face to faoe, and may God grant her strength of mind and body to go through her future . trials till she 'bas seo ired jostioe to herself and vlndioatod- the truth. There is nothing more remarkable about this^rjared lady thau the gre't ability, the loyalty to herself and thc indomitable pluck with whioh sbe defends her honour. 1 am sitisflid that every frue-beirted person especially those of her sex, will hotioar, appravo and support her. 1 cannot help thinking that Major Yelverton made a sad mistake -w hen he deserted euch a woman." A SuasiOAt Or«Ano*,-WbiUt I WM In the old fort to odd accident occurred to an Akll'a wife She woe playing with raj interpréter, wlio, for » frolio, instcbed ap one of ray six-barrelled revolver piitole »nd gave her chase. Baddenly abe darted into the room I waa sitting ia, bounced on » bench end cobed ber tail in my mam's face. . He, not I knowing tbe pistol was loaded pulled at tbe trigger, and diaehargtd tbe contenta of twa barrels at onoe into her fleshy projection. In an instant their fan came to an end, and great consternation ensned. Ehe thought she mnst die from it, and bolted off home to give np the ghost. Her husband now came and olamoured for revenge- her value wai so and so, and my man mast par it. The interpreter, hearing this, came cr j inn to me and wished to know if I thonght ehe would die ; for should she do so, he by the Iowa of the land, woold have to pay her price. I said I could not tell without seeing her wonads but, under any circumstances, the ballets ought te te extracted. This appeared lo them still more alarming than ever. They did not wish me to inspeot the wounds, and the woman herself was very bashful. However, the Sahib was the only surgeon present, and votos gave me the praotice It waa oertainly very amnsing to witness the struggle between virtue and neoessity, and the operation was so far satis- factory that I succeeded in extracting one of the balls The other ball, however, was so deeply imbedded I could not find a probe that would reach it Fortunately it waa not fired in a dangerous direotion, and the ball being small, I thought it would not oooasion ber any Berious inconvenience. In abort, 1 set their minds easy on that score, though it did not keep their tongue quiet frem importante begging. A PETULANT JUDGE.-Old age is making Jude Bali, if all the stories current about him are trne, peculiarly irascible and petulant. Indeed, his conduot has almeit reached the verge of absurdity during the prêtent assîtes. At Limerick, when the old cathedral bells began to ring he became greatly excited, and despatched a policeman to get them stopped. ' While the man was absent on this duty a very lodioroua aBpeot waa given to bia lordship's aot by a circumstance that occurred. The conrt was quite silent ; not a sound was heard except that produced by the still danging bells, when all at once a donkey began to bray lustily outside the oourlhouse The audience were nearly exhibiting their sense of the humour of the situation by a hearty laugh ; but the stern, unmoved countenance of his lordship quickly showed them tbe danger of such a pro- ceeding. And it is well they did not give way to oaobia natiea, for immediately afterwards an unfortunate police- man, his nerves being probably shaken by his propinquity to so short-tempered a dignitary, let fall his baton, whioh "hopped* to tho bottom of the stairs of tte courthouse. Thia caused Judge Ball to observe, ina stern manner, " that it was enoagh for asses to be braying, bells ringing, and ohildren squalling, without having those who should protect the administration of justice making a noise them elees." His lordship seems to Lave infused a very lively dread of his rebukes into all around bim. " The fear whioh he created among the constabulary force in attendance at the oonr house,' soya a looal journal "beeirue contagions, and ninny private gentlemen whose bruiness brought them into 't contracted the disease. One gentleman became io nervous when he required to leave the court, that he seemed for some time pu» ed how lie should effect bis escape with- out beiog noticed by bis lordahi p. Finally, ho divested himself of his long boots, placed them under his arms, and beat a retreat successfully. ' At Tralee here was another little " soeee " During the hearing of a oase the orier*e wand, which had boen lying up against the jnry box, fell on the il jor when bia lordship said, ' llave that policeman and his tranoheon removed at onoe."-Mr. Mason : My lord, it waa the wand that fall - His lordship : Whoever threw that down I order him out of oourk. All through the oirouit we were annoyed with polioemon throwing their trnnoheons about ; tell that man to go out immediately. A door was opened, and some person walked out A colloquy that after- wards rose created some amusement. A witness swore that a " bed-tick" bad been stolen from him, when Judge Ball Baili A what Î-Mr Gryott : A bed- tiok, my lord.-Bia lordship : A bedstead, is it ? -Mr. G ry ott : A bed tick, my lord.- Ilia lordship : A bod-stiok ? - Mr. Henn : A bed tick, my lord.-Bis lordship : A bed-tick ! I have it now. A Dublin paper, after repeating these exbibitions of eccen- tricity, to call them by the mildest name urges that " the time bas come when his lordship, like the orier who dropped bis .wand, and the policeman who did the same by his baton should resign the symbol of his authorityDublin Tjtttir. JEALOUST AND HEVKNOE.-The Tribunal of Correctional Polite, Paris, on Tuesday, tried a married woman of respectable appearance, and about 30 years of age, on a oharge of having wilfully injured a young needlewoman named Giraud, by throwing a quantity of sulperio acid ou ber face. Tho defendant, who is tho wifo of en arobiteot, was married in 1851 and livod happily with ber husband until May, last year when ehe was* informed by two anonymous letters that her husband had formed an illicit connection with tho woman Giraud In answer to the President a questions, the defendant stated that, on acquir- ing potitive proof of her husband's infidelity, ehe usad overy means in her power to induos him to reform his conduct, bul in vain for ho persisted .in visiting his miBtreis, and spent on her the greater part of bis inoome. Unable to endure thia treatment any longer shedetermined to take vengeance on the person who was the oau--o of her wrongs, andi havingprooniedabot.leof sulphuric acid, she watched her husband on the 7th of June last, and saw him enter tbe woman Giraud's lodgings. After waiting a few minutes, ehe knocked at the door, and when it was opened by her rival she threw into her faoe the acid whioh she bad procured for the purpose. The consequen os was that the woman was dreadfully barned, narrowly escaped the loss of one eye, and will be disfigured for life When the husbind, who hod been Bubpooaed as a witness, stood forward to give evidenoo. the president siid th it he aoald not be heard against his own wife, and, after severely roproaohing faim for his oonduot, ordered him to withdraw. The woman Giraud, who demanded 15,100 francs damages was also examined in conrt : BIIO protested that she did not know ber lover to be a married man ; but this was disp-ovod by positive ovidence. After hearing o.uusel for the defence, the tl ¡bunal declared the oharge proved, but owing to the extreme provocation, condemned tho prisoner to only six days' imprisonment, 1 ) franos fine and 6009 f anos. AN IBTBRVIEW WITH PRESIDENT LINCOLN.-Theoditorof the London (Canada i Frte Prtis writing from Walking- ton to this paper, thua describes an interview with Mr. Lincoln : - ' The President's private room is just over the roieptionroom, and is entered from a sort of square hill, ahem whioh thero are many waiting rooms for persons seek- ing audiences with tho President. Upon entering this room, I saw_ persons walking to and fro tn waiting. 1 at once plaoed in the hands of a meisengor my card and letters (previously prooured from friands in New York and Cincin- nati) to deliver to the President, and, with scarcely a moments delay, I was ut herod into his pre or. co, when ho arose and stepped for wai d in a stooping poiition, extended hiB band and shook mino kindly, but rather loosely, as if be was afraid of hurting it, remarking at the Bame time : ' I am glad to seo you, sir -* be Boated,' I roplied i 'lama stranger in tho oipital, and have sought an interviow with you, Mr. Piesidcut, and have boin in nob pleased with tho easy means of no:oss.' President: 'Vus; this ready means of access is, I may say, under our form of government, tho ooly ÜDk or cord whioh connects tho people witli tho governing power ; and, however unprofitable rauoh of it is, it mast bo ¿opt up. _ As, for instance a motlier in a distant Eart who has a son in tho army who is regularly enlisted, as not served oat his time, but has been as loner as she think« he ought to stay, will collect together all tho little means sho oau to b iog her here to entreat mo to grant him bia discharge Of course I cannot interfere, and can only see her and spjak nindi; to her. How far ia jour plaoe from Detroit, Bir?' 1 About 100 miles oast from Detroit, We have no water communication but have a vory nice littlo inland city.. I intend remaining in Washington for a few days; all seems stir and commotion hen-.' President i ' res ; thero never was anything in history to equal this.' ' ïour position must indeed bo roiponsible and, trying, President.' ' Yes, to think of it. it is very strange that I a boy, brought np in the woods and seeing, as it wore, bat little of the world Bhould bo drifted imo tho very apex of this great event,' ' I read your proo'amutun of tbl» morn- ing calling for ino o men; lt will, no doubt, bo filled up.' President : ' Yoi, sir, it will bo filled up.' I thon roso, Baying, 'I thank you, Mr. President, tor your kindness and courtesy.' President shakes hands again, and says, 'I am most happy to have made your acqnaintnnoa' These words are given exactly as expressed by tho President, writtoa down a few moments after uttered." A HonsB CouMiTTiNO SUICIDE.-The following is for- warded to as by Mr. E Hire, M.R.Z.O.V S, Penztnoe, Corn- wall i-" A ourionB oase was brought undor my notioe soma little limo tinco of a horse that was living on a common and doing no work, attempting to commit suicido by making his way into the sea, whioh wai in . close proximity, and deliberately backing in'oit andlying down to drown him- self. Ha was however, aeon and help being at hand, reaoued. Somo little time after he more than endeavoured to destroy himself by tho same mothod, as this time ho suo ceeJod in etTtoting his pu-poie." - Vct.rinarian. AN EXPENSIVE MEAL-Tho Semaphore of Marseilles relates the following strange (tory : - ' A tanner in thiB oity had a few days baok returned from his banker s with a Î>)cket-book containing 10.000 franos in notes. Having to eave his room for a few minutes on usinées, he placed tho pockel-bjolc on a table but, on reluming he found that a tame goat, whioh enjoyed the run of the house had got it on the ground torn it open and amusing itself with eating the bank notes. It had finished one paoket and was about to commenoo another. The tanner immediately killed tho animal, and outting it op.n, obtuinod from ita stomach a number of macerated soraps of paper, which he at onco de- posited a* the bink of Marseilles to be Bent to the central establishment, Paris in or erdor to Borve for the identifiot tion of the notes and obtain the reimburscuiement of the amount. 