DIOCESAN SYNOD. The annual' session of the Diocesan Synod was opened on Monday, May 2. In the afternoon a considerable number of the clergy and laity assem bled at Trinitv Church, where the customary service was held, and His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide delivered the followingCharge:— 'Reverend and Dear Brethren- When I ad dressed you from this place a twelvemonth ago I could not but advert to the conflict of religious opinion which was then agitating theMotherChurch. the limits of whose formularies of faith were said to be transgressed by the bold speculations of some of her clergy, and others, lay members of her com munion. The opinions promulgated with reference to the inspiration of Scripture by ministers of Church taking, as it has ever done, the Bible for its supreme rule of faith in all tilings necessary to salvation, seemed to impose a duty on those in authority to take heed that 'the mind of the Church' should be expressed on this momentous subject With singular unanimity, the Bishops and clergy in Convocation assembled solemnly condemned Colenso, as well as much of the teachings contained in the works of the 'Essays and Reviews;' nor has further re flection as to the tendency of these writings shaken the conviction so strongly and unanimously expressed. Whether wisely or not an attempt was also made to bring the Ecclesiastical Law to bear upon two of the writers, being parish priests. In all criminal suits affecting the character and liveli hood of the accused the merciful character of English justice watches with jealous care the ac curacy of the indictment as well as the clearness of the evidence; and so much has religion itself and the world suffered from legalized intolerance, that in religious prosecutions the Court construes narrowly the language which constitutes the offence, and places the most favourable con struction on the terms which are alleged to be criminal. Our Ecclesiastical Courts have no such function assigned to them as to eclare what ought to be, according to Scripture, the doctrine of the Church. As in the case of the trust-deeds of all religious denominations, the Court has simply to judge whether the terms of any such formulary or document have been violated or exceeded. So in the cose of our clergy, the language of the Thirty-nine Articles or other Formularies said to be violated, and the passages of the writers so offending, are compared together, and .construed with legal accuracy as to their grammatical meaning. Under such a literal pro cess, the tortuous language of controversial essays bordering on heresy eludes the grasp, and thus affords, where the tenor and spirit rather than the terms of the teaching are at fault ample scope for evasion and escape.. The fault may exist and yet the crime not be proved. Many a criminal, in like manner, has before now escaped by flaws in the indictment. Such appears to be the case in the late appeal to the Privy Council from the judgment in the Court of Arches with regard to the Revds. Dr. R. Williams and Mr. Wilson. Looking at the text of the judgment itself, my Lords could scarcely have arrived at any other con clusion. The language of the Articles, on the one land, framed in an age when the literal inspira lon of the Scriptures was considered the very keystone of Protestantism, nevertheless does not guard that doctrine with an exact statement and efinition, like the Helvetic Confession of 1566 The latter has this as the title of its first Article— ' Of Holy Scripture, the very Word of God,' and then goes on thus:— 'We believe and confess the canonical Scriptures of the holy prophets and apostles of either Testament to be the true word itself of God, and to have their own sufficient authority from themselves, and not from men: for God himself spake to the fathers, the prophets, and apostles, and still speaks to us through the Holy Scriptures,' &c.; My Lords, therefore, construing the language of the Articles and other Formularies in their strictest literal sense, as in the case of a penal enactment; arrived at this conclusion :— ' The iropositiou or assertion that every part of the Scriptures was written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit is not to be found either in the Articles or in any of the Formularies of the Church.' [Note.— It is fair to state, respecting Dr. R. Williams, that his own words as quoted do not bear out the accusation. On the con. trary he seems to affirm 'that the Bible is inspired, because the Holy Spirit dwelt on the writers of it and in the Church perpetually.' 'They do not clearly predicate of every statement or representation in every part of the Old and New Testament that it is written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit and therefore the Word of God;' and on these grounds Messrs. Williams and Wilson were acquitted, and, we may add, Luther, the great Reformer, himself. In this part of the judgment the Archbishops of Canter bury and York did not concur, and it is difficult for those who have prayed the words, 'Blessed Lord, who has caused all Holy Scriptures to be written for our learning,' to accept from the Privy Council as the mind, if it be the law of the Church, that these are portions of the Canonical Scriptures caused by God to be written for our learning, yet not written under the inspiration of the Spirit, and consequently possessing no higher authority than the Apocryphal Books. The distinction drawn between the Canonical and the Apocryphal Books in the 6th Article would seem adverse to the view of the lay Lords of the Judicial Com mittee. Perhaps error in this important subject has arisen fiom confounding the revelation ol unknown spiritual truth superintending the sacred writers and inspiration. What could not have otherwise been known was directly revealed and dictated to their minds ; and such revealed truth, as well as whatever they might other wise have known 'necessary for our learning,' they wrote down under the superintending inspi ration of the Holy Ghost Thus every Scripture, or the whole Scripture as St. Paul says, was God inspired, so as to preserve them from every degree of error in all things which could in the least degree affect any doctrine or precept. Writing according to their individual characters, their minds and judgments as well as memory were nevertheless so guided as to choose the fittest modes of expressing the subject according to the age or the purpose on which they were 'moved' to write. The theory of inspiration, not the literal inspiration of every jot and tittle of Holy Writ has commended itself to the most judicious of our theologic writers as guarding sufficiently the authority, certainty, aud truthfulness of Holy Scripture. Whether in the course of ages literal mistakes have been introduced by copyists, or passages interpolated, is a fit enquiry for biblical criticism— whether the facts recorded are in accor dance with historical monuments from time to time brought to light— whether the language usc( in the teaching of the world's childhood was suited to the age rather than strictly scientific, are fair subjects for discussion. The inspiration which guided the sacred writers does not necessarily imply direct revelation on all points not relevant or necessary to the spiritual or moral lesson intended to be conveyed In truth, most of the difficulties of Scripture arise from the want of more detailed information; and so long as such difficulties are discussed in a reverent spirit -so long as facts are fairly stated— no con demnatory opinions will arrest enquiry, or do more than create sympathy towards the party so con demned. 'Mr. Wilson's 'surmises' as to the permanent destiny of the wicked after judgment, though not ouly, in the opinion of most Christians, without warrant but also repugnant to the general tenor of Scripture, and to more than one express decla ration of our Lord, may not have constituted a penal offence, though contrary to any express written dogma of the Church. It was pointed out by the Court that there is no distinct declaration either by the Catholic Church, or by our own Branch of it condemning such latitude of opinion as Mr. Wilson suggested— a liberty which has been taken for ages, especially by Origen, in the fourth century. The danger of such a 'surmise' as affecting also the permanent happi ness of the righteous is perhaps exaggerated if human analogies are worth anything. A hope suggested that 'penal servitude for life' might possibly find, mitigation ere the last sands of life had run out would scarcely make any innocent man think the permanency of his own lifelong freedom and happiness thereby imperilled. 'I have dwelt perhaps somewhat at length on this judgment because I think it has been viewed with too great alarm. The Ark of the Covenant and the lively oracles within it may be shaken for a moment but God will vindicate His own truth. Let us have greater faith in the divinity of our holy religion— in Christ as the power of God and the wisdom of God. The Court does not acquit or sanction the 'Essays and Reviews;' it only shows that the law of the Church is loose, her spirit tolerant her caution in dogmatizing great; but if ever the Judicial Committee should pronounce any decision against the faith once delivered to the saints, a blow will be struck which must sever ?the Church from the State, and compel believers to separate from an apostate State religion. I do not fear that such an emergency will arise, or that the clergy of the National Church will give an un certain sound as to the authority of God's Word written, or the Gospel scheme of salvation. 'The relations of Colonial Dioceses to the Church of Eneland.— The judgment of the Privy Council in the case of Long v. Bishop of Cape Town has ascertained the law in this respect in a manner altogether satisfactory to the members of this Synod, The judgment itself, and an explanatory document upon it, forwarded by the Duke of Newcastle, are placed before you. The liberty we claimed in 1855, in common with other religious bodies in this colony., to frame rules for enforcing discipline over 'all those who -'expressly or by implication should assent to them,' is tully acknowledged as lawful. Legal jurisdiction, indeed, is not given by letters patent to the Bishop, nor is the tribunal we have agreed to establish in any sense a Court, for it lias no power to enforce its sentences. For thnt purpose we must apply, if need be, to the Supreme Court of the colony, which will give effect to our decisions, if within the scope of our authority according to the rules we have framed and consonantly with the prin ciples of justice. It is also stated that if there be no previous contract or trust express or implied, between the Bishop and the patrou or presenter to the benefice, it is competent to the Bishop to make the licence or admission of a Clerk to a spiritual office, benefice, or cure, as well as ordination itself, conditional on assent given to such rules as have been framed under the Synodal Compact. Finally, the Bishop's corporate character, and any other incident of his episcopal position which result from his letters patent remain untouched by the recent judgment. 'On the ooestions submitted to His Grace the Secretary of State for the Colonies, that the rules of our Diocesan Synod should receive the assent and approval of Her Majesty, by new letten patent in order to bind succeeding Bishops to the compact the Duke of Newcastle took the opinion of the law officers of the Crown. Such a course was considered undesirable, because unpre cedented, and tending to bind too stringently the action of the Synod, as well as affect possibly, the title id the endowment of the See. 'There is evidently great desire, or at least readiness, to giant all necessary liberty to colonial dioceses for carrying on the work of the Church. The time may come when the nomination of the Bishop may be conceded to the Synods provincial, if not diocesan. Meanwhile, in the absence of legal jurisdiction or ecclesiastical power to enforce discipline, except through the Synodal Compact, we must find the guarantee for my successors' assent and consent to that engagement; if indeed their acceptance of a see in which such an institution as the Synod, with its rules lawfully established, exists, would not of itself be, in a legal point of view, an implied acceptance also of the contract and its obligations. 'Missions to the Heathen.— From its first foundation the Synod, as the representative of our Church, has marked its interest in this subject by fixing an annual sermon to be preached in all the churches in aid of some mission to the heathen. This diocese has accordingly sent to India's assistance in former years, and last year to the Melanesian Mission, at the same -time inviting Bishop Patteson to visit this diocese. I need not eay how gladly he was welcomed, and I cannot but express my deep satisfaction at the full meeting of 1 he Synod on the occasion, both of clergy and - aity when your address was presented to him. 1 )f his devoted labours, his modest simplicit;, us unclouded faith, I need not speak. They all [well freshly in your memories. The presence of such a man does more to establish us in the faith, -y making our hearts burn within us, and yearn in ove towards those who know not the unsearchable riches of Christ than ten thousand volumes of Rationalistic Criticism or Sceptical Philosophy can effect towards robbing us of our best consola tion here and hope of glory hereafter. It is good, lowever, not only to i-e zealously affected while ie was present with us, but much more m his absence, while he has now gone forth with his life in his hand, standing in jeopardy every hour while seeking to bring the Melanesian heathen to the knowledge of their God and Saviour. 'I hope and I believe that fervent prayer is offered up by many on his behalf and that of his mission, that God may protect him and bless his endeavours. Still material means or the support of his Melanesian scholars, lis mission ship and crew, himself, and clergy who go forth taking nothing of the Gentiles. It is our privilege to aid their work and bring them on their way. Already many of our clergy have established Parochial Missionary Associations for the purpose of collecting funds. Lvery £10 will maintain a single heathen scholar. Might we not lave 20 such i It would be, I know, a great en couragement to Bishop Patteson if the Synod as rtie representative body of the diocese would adopt this mission as belonging of ri«ht to the Australasian dioceses. I would recommend the cause to the general acceptance of members of our Church by a resolution to that effect ' It is of much importance that the funds to be raised should be as near as may be fixed at a given sum, and that sum remitted at a given late, so that the Bishop might count with tolerable certainty on its amount and amval. The favourable impression produced on him by the earnestness of your zeal in the missionary cause, the liberality of your contributions, his reception by the Synod, the appearance of order, stead fastness, and progress in the affairs of the diocese, the solidity of your churches and the other ecclesiastical buildings, will be enhanced, lam sure, by your co-operation in the mission to which he has devoted his life and fortune. Let us try and not fall short of an annual contribution of the Bum of £200 at least. I believe nothing practically keeps our own faith in such healthy vigour as caring for the salvation of others; and I count it a good sign of the faith of South Australians that on every occasion on which Bishop Patteson advocated his mission crowded assemblies, com posed of Christians of every denomination, gladly leard from him what things God had wrought by him among the Gentiles. 'There arc two other questions under the consi deration of the Chun h at home to which I may briefly advert:— 1. The terms of subscription. 2. The revision of the Burial Service. In my address last year I pointed out how the colonial clergy were relieved fro 31 the stringent terms of subscrip tion required by the terms of the Act of Uni formity, 13 and 14 Charles II, c. 4. It is worthy of remark that while the other clauses of the Act require every incumbent, openly and publicly before his congregation, to declare his unfeigned assent and content to the use of all things con tained in the Book of Common Prayer, &c.;, the form prescribed by section 4, whether by design or accident omits the words ' the use of,' and makes the incumbent assent and consent to all things contained therein. The 36th Canon is in strict accordance with the intention of the Act, if not the form of subscription, and a Committee of Convocation recommends that the two be brought into closer agreement Whether Parliament will go beyond the purpose and wording of the Act of Charles IL, namely, 'unfeigned assent and consent to the use of all things contained in the Book of Common Prayer,' is very problematical ; and atf honest consent to use the prayer as it stands seems stringent declaration enough for those who wait at the national altar. ' The Burial Service also has been the subject of discussion with a view to modification of its ex pressions. I have repeatedly stated that the clergy in this diocese are not compelled by the ter ritorial claims of an Established National Church to accept the disadvantages of such a position, and bury, in the language of elevated hope, the remains of any one who may be brought to them for inter ment, whether known or unknown to. them, whether cut off in the act of deadly sin, or dying in avowed unbelief. ' I am well aware that in the commendatory prayer the personal pronoun 'his' or 'her' was exchanged for ' the' resurrection to eternal life at the last revise of the PrayerBook; that ' our' was substituted for 'his' in the sentence 'who shall change 'our' vile bedy,' &c;, so as to make the sure and certain hope of resurrection to eternal life general, and not special to the individual buried. I know' also that the words 'this our brother' were also omitted at the Bame Kme from the prayer that it may please God to hasten His kingdom, that we [not he|, with all those that arc departed hi the true faith of His Holy Name, may have our [not his] perfect consummation and bliss both in body and soul, ice. In this diocese, there fore, as hope may admit of very different degrees, and the clergy are not compcllableto use the office over those pi whom they know nothing, or only that which is bad, there is not the same uneasi ness felt as in the case of the national ministry at home. Still, the office breathes the language of hope and thanksgiving with regard to the de ceased person ; and while St Paul bids us sorrow not without hope, it surely can be hardly neces sary to 'give hearty thanks for the removal of a beloved partner or child,' whose continued stay upon earth has been the object of our most earnest prayers, anibvliose loss well nigh breaks the heart The sisters of Lazarus were not reproved for weep ing bitterly over his departure nor commanded to thank God for it On the whole, then, both in the darker cases and in the more hopeful ones, some few expressions might be so modified as to brine the office more into harmony with the actual rather than ideal condition of the Church Militant No doctrine would be impaired, but truth and sincerity would be alike consulted. 'Excellent as the Book of Common Prayer undoubtedly is, and great as is the privilege accorded to our Church of having fellowship in prayer with the Church t)f all ages, still this office does indict onnuny clergymen, pious men, and lovers of our Church, unnecessary pain. It has already undergone revision more than once, and I am persuaded that the present age is not inferior in piety, lcarniug, or discretion to those on which the changes were made. Here, I repeat we are free from any ecclesiastical law which compels the indiscriminate use of the service by the pa rochial clergy. Still we wish to be freed from the continual necessity of defending or appearing to explain away expressions which seem to carry with them a meaning which ill accords with the circum stances of the case or the feelings of friends and mourners. 'I have now touched on those points of public interest in the Mother Church in this diocese since we last assembled. The statistical details will be laid before you at an adjourned meeting this evening.' At the conclusion of His Lordship's address the meeting adjourned till the evening. Evening MEETura. * The Synod met at 0 o'clock, at the Church Office, Leigh- street under the presidency of the Lord Bishop. The following gentlemen were pre sent:— Clergy— Very Rev. Dean Farrell, Rev. Chas. Marryat, Rev. J. Pollitt, Rev. H. M. PolliU, Rev. G. Dove, Rev. D. J. H. lbbetson, Rev. E. Jenkins. Rev. T. R. Neville, Rev. W. B. Andrews, Rev. W. D. Williams, Rev. J. 3. Jackson, Rev. Cauon Coombs, Rev. Canon Farr, Rev. F. Williams, and Rev. Thos. Field. Synodsnien— Thos. O'Holloran, F. Sanderson, J. Bath, E. W. Wickes, W. F. Cooper, L. J. Pelhain, T..Fax, jun., N. Blyth, S. Goode, E. R. Simpson, J. W. Nicholls, T. H. Viney, C. B. Young, J. Williams, R. G. Jay, T. Goss, E. W. Meredith,, Wm. Hemsley. L. W. Thrupp F. Wicksteed, R. B. Lucas, B. H. Babbage, A. Blyth, J. W. Bull, N. Oldham. W*. J. Fullarton, R A. Gower, J. Huggins, Dr. Ward, and J. 8. Browne. FAFEBB. ft The Loud Bishop laid on the table the Duke of Newcastle's despatch dated ltfth September, 18G3, on the subject of supplementary letters patent the opinion of the law officers enclosed therein ; the extract of a despatch from the Duke of New castle to Governor Wodchouse, relating to the case of Lone v. Bishop of Cape Town; a report of the aforesaid case; and the supplementary, letters patent extending the Bishop s diocese to the Northern Territory. SYNOD BOLL. The SECRETABTiread the names of the members, and the new members signed the consensual com pact required by the fundamental provisions. GENERAL STATE OF THE DIOCESE. The Loud Bishop read the following report upon the general state of the diocese :— 'On comparing the various returns with those of the preceding year, they are satisfactory in Borne important points, discouraging in none. The removal of any incumbent minister from his cure, unless replaced by one equally esteemed, canno but have a prejudicial effect on his congregation, his Sundav-schooL and other narochinl lnstitii. tions; but where his place cannot be supplied, it is very difficult under the incumbency system of parochial cures, to carry on the work of the Church at all. At home it centres in the parish cleigyman, and there is no lack of oiliciating ministers during the vacancy of the benefice. The services are con tinued without interruption. Such is not the case in a colony like this : and I owe it to '.he zealous and persevering care of many lay readers that con gregations have been held together— in many places churches kept open, and Sunday-schools carried on. It may seem invidious to notice any cases.particularly, where much credit is due to all; but to those who question the propriety of lay aaency in carrying on Divine worship, Por Elliot Williamstovrn, Kooringa, Wallaroo, and Kadina may be instanced as vindicating the benefit of such co-operation under the general superintendence of missionary clergy. Still, it is only a preparatory and provisional Btate of things, until a congregation having gathered, a church erected and cleared of debt the means of provid ing for a clergyman by a parsonage and stipend shall become available. To denv the privilege of Divine worship to the scattered members of our Church until an ordained minister cin be per manently placed among them is at once irrational and contrary to the free loving spirit of the Gospel. ' ' Clergy.— The want which pressed so severely on us led me at the last Synod to turn your attention to the supply of a colonial ministry trained amongst ourselves. The labourers being few, the direction, ' Pray ye the Lord of the harvest to send forth lal tourers into his harvest' seems to come home to us with peculiar force ; and when hopeless of obtaining supplies from home, most unexpectedly I may pay, three candidates offered themselves, whom, after due examination, I was enabled to ordain with satisfaction to myself, and, I believe, with benefit to the Church of Uod. They are labouring at Blakiston, Woodyille, and in the home missionary work of the diocese, purchasing to themselves, as deacons, a good degree, pre paratory to admission to the full orders of presbyter. ' In addition to these, I have the satisfaction of expecting shortly the Rev. Albert J. Pashley, approved by the Board of Examiners of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, for employment in this diocese. With the experience of six years as curate in Sheffield and Yorkshire, I hope his services may be found acceptable at Wallaroo and Kadina- if, at least, the suspension of mining operations does not alienate the means, for a time at least of supporting the m nistry. 'The Rev. Lionel W. Stanton, late curate of Stepney, has been selected by the Agent-General (G. 8. Walters, Esq.) for the Burra, where, in addition to the duty at the church, he will also manage the grammar-school about to lie esta blished there. The reduction of the mining popu lation in Kooringa having affected the prosperity of the. township, it has been deemed expedient to combine these offices at the present time, the want of a superior education being felt in that district no less than of ministerial duty. The fluctuation incident to colonial afiain generally, t&i; mining -perations in particular, justify, in my opinion, a :ombination of the schoolmaster and clergyman, itherwise undesirable. The number of licensed «*Kme.n wil1 now be 33. Missionary Chaplain and Itinerating Clergy.— Ihe supply of ordained ministers above alluded to has relieved. Mr. Craig from the work of paying mo,ntWy visits to noine of the vacant churches; ind I have the pleasure to report that I have re ceived intelligence from him, dated Streaky Bay, K 2,1- Accompanied by an intelligent native rom Poomndee as his guide, and supplied with lorses fiom that station^ he will have H -efo» he returns, 27 stations. On his way up he held occasional as well as evening services every da5*T iHl8 mW$ ?iU !* sent «P by the next maiL Klffi&Z111;!* in US° for Plication StJie Synod s Proceedings. He states 'that all hadBone well,' anS that he had been 'most kindlySved Everywhere.' His native guide was also instructed to communicate wi-Ji the natives on the road upon the great truths of religion. A missionaryclerB man specially attached to this district wouldfl believe, be thankfully received and liberally sup ported. .Some such step seems absolutely required A sufficient sphere would still be left on tWaSe Spencer s Gulf fox the labours of Mr Craiir ' The Synod will also be glad to learnthat tbo Uev. J. Pollitt has visited some stations on Yorke's Peninsula on his way to Wallaroo. In one in Btance only did he fail to meet a cordial and thank ful welcome. Ungodliness and intemperance usually go hand in hand. Other clergy have like wise kindly undertaken some missionary duties from time to time, their expenses being defrayed by the conuregations which they serve. Messrs. Jackson, Marryat Russell, Williams, Farr, and others have thus rendered very essential service in upholding and incitfug the scattered congrega tions unsupplied with resident pastors. 'Personally I have been able to visit the Port Jncoln district and Poonindee Institution. The latter I found going on satisfactorily, and by the aid of Mr. Clayficld, as schoolmaster, the well being, religious instructions, and happiness of the natives have been enhanced. The school chapel has been thoroughly repaired and beautified out of the funds of the Institution, and commodious apartments obtained for Mr. Clayfield, who m lay reader assists Mr. Hammond in the Sunday services for the natives. I have also visited Kiulinaiind Wallaroo, Clare, and some portions of the Narricn district as well as many of the out lying churches. Still I regret to say that the banks 3f the Murray and the country about Truro have lutlicrto been left unvisited, and demand early ittention (as soon as he can be spared) from the missionary chaplain. Confirmation services have been more numerous than in former years. 'Churches and Parsonages.— During the past rear the following churches have been completed, repaired, enlarged, or commenced :— St. George's, liawler, is a beautiful structure, seating above MO, , ind on the Sunday of its being opened actually illed with 000; St Baruabas's, Clare; St lichael's, Mitcham; EmanucL Chinkford; Si. iartholomew's, Norwood; St. John's, Salisbury; Melrose, Bungaree, and Woodside. The par sonages at Magill and Willunga have been re* paired, while at Mount Gambler and Lyndoch valley new ones are in course of erection— the two latter at considerable expense. 'Note.— In many instances the actual number at sittings erected or let have been specified in the returns, whereas the area accommodation of the churches, calculated according to the school average of six square feet to each individual, would be considerably larger. Some uniform rule hy measurement should po adopted for Govern ment statistics if comparisons are drawn on the ecclesiastical data thus supplied. 'Sunday Scholars.— There is some increase in the total number, but while churches are left - without ministers much increase in this respect cannot be looked for. I confirmed in 15 churches, nnd rejoice to mark the increasing interest taken in this Boleinn rite, as well as the care evidently taken in the preparation of the candidates by the clergy, rendering these occasi ns deeply interesting and impressive to all engaged in them. 'Some unnecessary trouble has been caused to the Secretary by delay in making the diocesan returns, as well as of the election of Synodsmen. t should bolundentood that unless vestry meetings . for the latter purpose are held in the Easter week, or adjourned from some day in that week, the elections are invalid. The return of Synodsmen elected should be made to the Bishop witbin seven davs. ? f'On the whole (I say so with thankfulness to the great Hcadjof the Church), the external condition of the diocese is such as to relieve me, as Ordinary, from anxiety. Means have been taken which, in the course of a very few years, will place sufficient funds .at the disposal of Synod and the attorneys of the Society for the Propaga tion of the Gospel to sustain and extend the action of t.the voluntary principle in supplying Divine ordinances to the member* of our communion throughout the colony. We have ecclesiastical autonomy conceded to us within the wide limits of acknowledging the supremacy of the Crown and observing the recognised principles of the English Church. No imaginary illegality prevents our adopting the most suitable measures for fulfilling the mission of the Church in preaching the ever lasting Gospel. Tolerant yet steadfast in her faith and discipline— friendly, and willing to co-operate (wherever it is possible without compromise of principle) with other religious bodies in the promo tion of the moral and social welfare of the colony assuming nothing, and yielding nothing which is essential, our Church aud ministry may exercise freely such influence as the position which God has assigned them in the world justifies and requires. By Him alone can their efforts be made available; to Him alone be the glory of any usefulness whirh they possess. Mr. C. B. Younq moved, and Mr. N. Olduam seconded-' That the thanks of the meeting be given to the Lord Bishop for his valuable Pastoral Address, Report of the State of the Diocese,* and Statistical Returns, and that the same be printed.' The motion was carried. STANDING COMMITTEE'S BKPOIIT. The Secretary (Mr. F. Wicksteed) then read the following report fram the Standing Com mittee :— 'Adelaide. Anril. 1864. 'in accordance with Regulation No. 4, the Standing Committee elected by the Synod of 18(53 04 now submit to you a report of tneir pro ceedings during the past year, and a statement of accounts .duly audited, to which they refer you for information on all monetary transactions, and proceed to bring under your notice other matters of interest 'Endowment of Churches.— In compliance wltli the resolution (see Report, 1WJ3, page 00) of the last Synod-1 That it is desirable that a form of deeds or other documents to be given by the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel as security for endowments, or m acknowledgment of the terras upon which they receive funds for endowment Bhould be settled without any further delay, and that the btandmg Committee be instructed to take the ne cessary steps accordingly'-the Committee did, on the 1st day of June last appoint a Sub-Committee (Messrs. Thrupp and Pelham) to confer with the attorneys on the matter. Considerable difficulty was found in attaining the object sought in con sequence of the power of the attorneys not allowing them to act as trustees, and a draft power, entirely approved of by the Sub committee, was prepared by the attorneys' sol'C'tor and sent to England for approval. By the April mail the attorneys have received a communication from the Secretary, mating that the Committee could not recommend the Society to adopt the drafts sent and returning them for amendment and revision, but proposing another plan by which the same objects may. it is trusted, be attained. The attorneys have not had an opportunity (at the time of writing this report) of considering the matter, but will doubtless give it early and serious attention. In the meantime, they have furnished the Committee with a schedule showing the portions of their income derived from rents of country lauds and interest on loans which they have set aside for the purpose of securing the due fulfilment of their engagements to the various endowed churches ; also, the coat of such lands and the amount of the loans. 'Alteration in the Plan of Grant in Aid.— The Lommittee have carried out the resolution (see Report, 18(0, pace 03) of calculating the amounts received by the ministers from weekly collections as an additional sitting for every pound received. This action has been unimportant in its result. 'Widows and Orphans of Clergy Fund.— The Committee, finding great difficulty in satisfac tpnlyxarryinK out the views adopted by the last Synod and working out the details (see Report 1883\. page 64), appointed a Sub-Committee, con sisting of the Rev. J. S. Jackson, Messrs.^lyth, Hawkes, and Young, who now offer an entirely new scheme, which the Committee submit for your serious consideration. 'Grant from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts.— The Committee regret to state that the Bishop has as yet received no authority to draw for any amount in aid for the current year; but your Secretary has written urging a renewal of the grant for three years, and they hope for a favourable answer after the annual meetinetO be held in Tsmrinn in thp tnnnth nf 'General Church Fund and Home Mission.— The Committee regret to state that this account still continues to fall off in amount, but as the expen diture has decreased in a far greater ratio (chiefly in conseqeuce of the reduction in the SecretaryTi salary, which, although cheerfully submitted to by him, leaves a very inadequate return of his Ber vices), they now leave a balance in hand which ^ will enable their successors in office to apportion a V sum towards home missions, to which they regret to say no contribution has been made out of this fund since 1857. Under these circumstances they have deferred for the present a proposed alteration in the manner of keeping the accounts, namely, to charge a portion of the expenses to the Socie.y for the Propagation of the Gospel, Allen's Pastoral Aid, and other funds in future. The Committee call attention to the list of subscriptions, showing how liberally some of the Churches have . responded to the call ; and trust that the example will be followed by others during the ensuing year, enabling their successors, while allowing a more liberal expenditure, to contribute something considerable to the Home Mission, 'N.B.-In consequence of not having the Trea surer's balance- sheet before them, the Com mittee of last year made the mistake of congra tulating Synod upon the improvement of this fund, when in fact there was a considerable reduction in the receipts as compared with the preceding year. ? 'Bishop Patteson's Visit— The Lord Bishop, . in compliance with the wish of the last Synod (Report, 1803. page 61), invited the Lord BUhop of New Zealand and the Right Rev. Bishop Patteson to visit the diocese. Although the former was not able to avail himself of the invitation, the latter favoured the Church and the colony with a visit He was received, the day after his arrival, at the Church Office, by a numerous body of 8ynodsrnen and other memberi of the Church, and expressed himself much delighted with his reception. He remained in the colony about a fortnight, preaching and lecturing to numerous congregations and audiences, who showed their appreciation of the value of his work by contributing the sum of £200 in aid of thp Melanesian mission ; nor is this the onjy result, as several Churches have formed parochial Socie ties, and one has already forwarded a quarterly subscription. It is hoped that these examples may be generally followed, so that the assistance given by this diocese may I* steadily continued. This is what the Bishop especially requested, in order that he might know upon what funds ne might depend for the maintenance of hi* Melane sian scholars from the various islands. 'Neville Blyth. .q^^ (| ' Chairman of^Standing Committee of Synod, On PtKoK'of Mr. C. B. Youm seconded by Mr. F. Sanderson. the report was received and ordered to be printed. WIDOW AND ORPHAN FDND. The following report of the Onmntttaej onthb subject was read an5 received, and ordered to be printed;- » 'The Committee appointed by Synod to con- , ider the most practicable scheme for making pro Won for the families of deceased clergymen bare ud under their consideration since they presented heir former report a scheme adopted by the New oundland Church Society, and successfully in iperation in that diocese. The Btandin^ rules of tie 'Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund' in New fcundland, with other information as to its esta fishment, was kindly forwarded to the Lord Jishop of Adelaide by the Rev. John Pearson, fecretary to the abovenamed Society, and handed b; His Lordship to the Committee for considera ton. ' After mature deliberation, the Committee have orae to the conclusion that a scheme similar in principle to the one now referred to would be pre ferable to the plan recommended in their previous sport, of assisting clergymen in the payment of rremiuma on life assurance policies. 1 ' The Bcheme that your Committee would sug gest for adoption in this diocese is as follows :— ' i ' 1. The Standing Committee of Synod shall have the management of the fund, which shall be deposited hi the Savings Bank, or securely in vested from time to time i '2. All clergymen in the diocese holding the Bishop's licence may secure the beneftt of this Fund by contributing within six months from its establishment, or within one year of obtaining their licence from the Bishop, as follows :— (1) Un tnarried clergymen and widowers without a child, £2 per annum; (2) married clergymen and widowers with a child, £4 per annum. After the expiration of the above term, clergymen shall only be allowed to conie under the provision of the Fund by the permission of the Committee, and by paying double the amount that they would have paid Had they availed themselves of its provisions at the proper time. '3. After the first payment subscriptions shall become due on the 31st December in every subse quent year; every clergyman neglecting to make payment by that date shall forfeit his claim upon the Fund, to be recovered only upon payment of arrears with 10 per cent, interest; butjif two years' payments are in arrears the claim upon the Fund will be absolutely forfeited. ' 4. Every clergyman securing the benefit of this Fund will be expected to make and forward to the Treasurer of Synod a yearly special collection from his congregation. '5. The widow of every clergyman who shall have paid his annual subscription, and forwarded an annual collection till his death, or if incapacitated by mental or bodily infirmity^ shall have been txcused by the Standing Committee from such payments, shall be entitled to receive a yearly pension of £30 during widowhood. The payment of this pension being expressly guaranteed by the Synod under all circumstances. Should the Fund admit of an increase of the amount of pension it will be competent for the Standing Committee to grant such an amount as it may see fit. ' 6. If the widow die or marry again the pension shall be paid to trustees for the benefit of such children of the deceased husband as may be, if hoys under 16, if girls under IS years of age; the trustees named by a deceased clergyman to be recognised by the Committee; or if no such . trustees shall have been named, or if they are not able or willing to act, the Standing Committee may appoint any two members of the Church of England to be trustees. 7\. If the wife die before her husband, his child or children shall receive the pension so long as there is a claimant under the preceding rule. '8. If a clergyman removes from the diocese he shall be entitled to receive back one- third amount he has paid, which payment will of course release the Fund from all nis claims upon it. This rule not to apply in cases of temporary absence from the colony by permission of the Bishop. In case, ,however, a clerymnn shall have held the Bishop's licence for a period of 20 years, he shall be allowed in the event of his leaving his diocese to continue his payments, and remain ou the same footingas if if still resident therein. '9. The yearly statement of accounts [of the Fund shall be duly audited and laid before Synod every Easter. 'Your Committee append to this report the standing rules of the Newfoundland Fund, of which the above suggestions am a modification, and the letter from the rev. Secretary that accom panied them.' MISSION TO THE ABORIGINES. The report of the Committee appointed for the establishment of a Church of England mission among the aborigines was then read by the Secretary:— '? 'The Committee appointed to co-operate with : the Lord Bishop in considering the feasibility of establishing a Church of England Mission for , the heathen aborigines of this province beg to , report:— '1. That ihey turned their attention to Lacepede 1 Bay and the Coorong, as suitable'sitesforamis- , sionary institution similar to that existing at Point , Macleay. The Rev. J. S. Jackson accordingly visited those places, and reported that there were a greater number of aborigines on the Coorong than at Lacepede Bay, and recommended a place called Policeman's Point as a desirable situation. Appli cation was accordingly made for a grant of land at Policeman's Point. The site was, however, objected to for reasons stated in a letter from the Commis sioner of Crown Lands appended to this report. The distance from Adelaide has prevented a , second visit,to|the locality on the part of any mem ber of the Committee. '2. Whilst regretting that their labours have not been brought to a successful issue, your Com mittee are fully convinced of the desirability of establishing a native mission, and trust that the ; Sjnod will appoint another Committee to carry ' out the object ' C. B. Yockg, Convener. 'Crown Lands and Immigration Office, Adelaide, December 29, 1S63. 'Gentlemen— I have the honour, by direction of the Commissioner, to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 17th ult., applying for a grant of that piece of land on the Coorong known as Policeman's Point, for the purposes of an abo riginal institution similar to that at Point Macleay. 'I now enclose a copy of a memo, from the Surveyor-General with regard to the site applied for by you: and am directed by the Commissioner to suggest that you should reconsider the matter with the view of selecting a different site. 'I am, Gentlemen, your obedient servant, 'Edw. Wildman, Secretary. 'Messrs. Dove, Young, and Jackson, care of the Rev. Geo. Dove, Walkerville.' 'Copy of Minute of Surveyor-General on No. 2B72-63, from Young, Dove, and Jackson, in re Portion of Reserve at .Policeman's Point for Aboriginal Institute. 'The site asked for is upon the east bank of the Coorong, directly on the leailinjr road from Ade laide to the South-East, and is otherwise objec tionable from being immediately between two public-houses, and at no great distance (about rive miles) from each. The mile of agricultural land asked for would also be required to be at some distance to the east, and separated by a ridge of sandy hilly ground from the point. The mail horses are at present chanced there, and the well is a regular camping-place for travellers and for men passing up and down with stock. To suc cessfully attain the object sought for, I. should imagine the site should be as far as possible away from the general traffic, so far as is consistent with the requirements of the natives, and I would respectfully suggest that a better site be selected. 'G. W. Goyder, Surveyor- General. ' December IS, 1S63.' The report was, on the motion of Mr. Young. seconded by Mr. Fullarton, received and ordered to be printed. BALANCE-SHEETS. The balance-sheets of the Diocese, of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, of the Trustees, of the Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund, of the Mission to the Heathen, and other accounts, were laid before the Synod. The accounts were certified correct by the] Auditors. They were received and ordered to be printed. DAYS OF MEETING. Mr. C. B. Yocng moved, and Mr. J. W. Bull seconded— 'That the Synod meet during the session on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday in each week, at 3 o'clock, excepting Thursday next, that being Ascension Day.' OFFICE-BEARERS. The election of members as Standing Committee was then proceeded with, Messrs. A. Blyth and W. J. Fullarton beinu appointed scrutineers. It resulted as follows:— Ciergy— Rev. Canon Marryat. Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Rev. W. B. Andrews, Rev. George Dove, Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. Canon Russell, Rev. J. S. Jackson. Laymen Messrs. N. Blyth, T. O'Halloran, N. Oldham, L, W. Thrupp, C. B. Young, L. J. Pelham, W. J. Fullarton, S. Gonde, A. Blyth, F. Wicksteed, E. W. Wickes, C. D. Cooper, J. Williams, andF. Sanderson. Treasurers— Messrs. N. Oldham am T. O'Halloran. Secretary— Mr. F. Wicksteed. Auditors— Messrs. L. W. Thrupp and G. W. Hawkes. STANDING ORDERS. Mr. N. Bltth, M.P., moved, and Mr. Sander son seconded—' That the Standing Orders of last year be adopted during the present session/' The motion was carried. NOTICES OF MOTION. Several notices of motion were then given. NEW 8YNOD8MAN. The Lord Bishop reported the election of Mr. Henry Scott as representative for St. Peter's Church, Glenelg. 8U8PENBION OF STANDING ORDERS. Jhe Standing Orders were suspended to enable the Synod to proceed with the motions of which notice had been given. THE REPORT OP SYNOD. Mr. C. B. Young proposed— ' That a Committee of three, of whom the Secretary be one, be ap pointed to edit and publish the report of proceedings of. the present Session of Synod. Mr. L J. Pelham seconded the motion. In reply to Mr. B. H. Babbage, the Secretary said the expense of printing the report last year was £15. The motion was carried. The Rev. 0. Marryat, Mr. C. B. Young, and the Secretary were appointed a Committee in accord ance with the foregoing resolution, a THE CLERGY WIDOW AND ORPHAN FOND. Mr. C. B. Young moved— 'That the repor of the Committee on the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund be adopted.' He alluded to the difficulties which had beset ihe Committee in considering the matter, and remarked that they first proposed a system of life assurance through the present insurance offices. They, how ever, subsequently received a prospectus from the Church in Newfoundland, which they thought a most beneficial scheme, and had adopted it in then1 report. In the scheme proposed probably there were some thipgs to be altereu, but it had been for years in satisfactory working in Newfoundland. The Rev. Jas. Pollitt seconded. Mr. B. H. Babbace thought they should have more data before them prior to adopting such a resolution as this. The experience in Newfound land was not to be taken as a Kuide for the Churches in a much smaller colony. They had already had some experience on this subject by the Government Pension Fund. Mr. Thrupp also had an unhappy recollection of the Government Pension Fund, and should bring to bear on this question the experience they had obtained on that matter. They had, however, failed to realize the advantages promised under that Bcheme, and he hoped the Synod would not adopt a scheme which was not less faulty than the one he had alluded to. He quoted from last year's report, and asked why the Committee had so totally changed their opinion on this matter. The New foundland scheme had only been in working since 1858— a period which was not sufficient to test the scheme properly. The community in Newfound land was a little larger than our own, and there was a nucleus fundof £500 in Newfoundland, which was not suggested by the Committee. The two great principles of insurance were— first, to make the basiB Becure for the insurance of lives; and secondly, a nucleus or reserve fund to protec them against Joe?. Either some other fund should be formed to act as a guarantee fund, or they should bo tax the insurers as to form an accumu lation-atax, perhaps, which would drive clergy men the sooner to insure in English offices, £ then proceeded to combat the argument that the Synod could guarantee a fund, and said su:b could not be done, fie suggested that they should take the scheme of insurance in English offices, and make this a rule :— ' That clergymen of this diocese who have or shall insure their lives, and secure to their widows and orphans the benefit of the policies, shall, so long as they hold the Bishop's licence, receive out of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund annually one-half of the premium paid by them, or such less or larger sum &a; the fund will allow. Provided the sum so insured shall not exceed £1,000, and the Standing Committee is authorized to make such further regulations and to take such steps as may be necessary to raise and administer the fund.' In the one the security was sure, but in the other it was not. He remarked that in his scheme the lives of aged and diseased clergymen were provided for. The Rev. C. Marrtat seconded the amendment on the ground that it promised larger security than that proposed by the Committee, and because also the present scheme was worthless, as insurance should be founded upon security, little of which was promised in it He also supported Mr. Thrupp in his remarks as to the inability of Synod to guarantee security, and he felt quite sure that 33 clergymen could not establu' t an Insurance Com pany upon which they might rely with confidence. He suggested if '.he fund was formed that it should not be touched until £2,000 or £3,000 had been accumulated. The scheme he thought was falla cious in placing both old and young on the same footing. Mr. N. Blyth supported the motion, and said the opponents to it had looked at it from a wrong point of view, viz., whether the scheme would be a profitable one or not. The idea of the Church, however, was that the widows of clergymen should not be dependent upon the sympathy excited through the diocese, but should have something permanent upon which to rely. As one of the Committee he admitted that looking at it in a formal point of view the Committee had perhaps overstepped their duty in bringing it before Synod, but they considered that valuable information was brought before them, which they thought should be placed before Synod. As a compensating fact- for the absence of the nucleus fund the fees had been doubled. He admitted that there would not be a legal guarantee by the Synod, but it would be the combined support or guarantee of the Church in Synod assembled. He was sorry the Government Superannuation Fund had been dragged into this question, to which it could have no reference. Such a fund as was contemplated would be most likely to receive extraneous benefactions; but if the clergy men were not willing to accept it they had no desire to press it upon them. It was out of their power to give legal guarantee on any but the fund subscribed by clergymen, but he believed the moral guarantee of Synod would not be worthless. Mr. C. B. Young, in reply to Mr. Babbage, said figures had been placed before the Committee, but had not been kept. The Very Rev. the Dean remarked that their thanks were due to the Committee who had taken so much care in bringing forward the scheme. He should at present oppose both the motion and the amendment, and propose that the question be postponed till Wednesday next, as it was a matter which required deep and earnest consideration, which they had had no opportunity of giving it The adoption would not be wise, and the rejection of the scheme would hardly be courteous to the Committee. Mr. B. H. Babbage also supported the Dean's remarks as to the advisability of postponing the rmestion for further consideration, He should be inclined toproposcamodificationof both schemes. It was their duty to support their ministers, and they must either pay them in a manner which would enable them to ensure their lives, or else support a fund upon which their widows might rely for support. He had arrived at the conclu Bion, after careful study, that after the age of five the chances of life were three times as great in this colony as in England, and this was a fact to be considered in the formation of an Insurance Society. He hoped the Committee would recon Bider the matter during the time prior to the day to which the debate would be adjourned. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson believed the scheme proposed was analogous to a scheme adopted by the clergy when he arrived in the colony. There was in that a pro rota subscription towards the fund, but in its main idea it was the same. That fund had broken down, but he thought they should nve the Committee credit for bringing the question forward. It was possible £250 a jeor might be raised for this fund, and this would almost pro vide the £30 to be paid to a widow annually, and they did not expect to have a widow every year. The scheme on the whole was not so desirable as the one brought forward last year, and he should te inclined to support the amendment of Mr. rhrupp. He considered the matter of guarantee ivas fatal to the question. He then alluded to cer ain matters of detail, which if the scheme was idopted would require alteration and amend nent The Rev. J. 8. Jackson observed that the ?eason which led them to abandon the first scheme md enter upon this was the fact that they might istablish a Company here instead of paying into he English Companies. If the scheme was adopted ;here certainly would be no capital, but there rould be a considerable yearly sulscription; The committee were induced to place the young and )ld ministers on the same footing, inasmuch as it vas thought the feeling of the Church would be to avc privileges to those who had served longest in he ministry. He then proceeded to make some 'urtlier remarks in commending the scheme to the Synod, and said he believed the moral guarantee : the Synod would not be worthless. The Rev. W. B. Andrews supported the ad iournment of the debate. The Rev. G. H. Farr made some remarks in support of the scheme as laid before them, remarking that the guarantee of Synod was a weighty argument in its favour. The sympathies Df the Church would be enlisted more fully to wards providing annuities for the widows of :lergymen than for the life insurance of clergy men. He thought they should form a scheme ivhich should provide an annuity to the widow, md not allow her the full benefit of the policy at tier husband's death. He thought also that they lould bo proceed that the ecclesiastical authority of the Bishop might not be prevented from coming before the Civil Courts. The Lord Bishop urged the meeting to post pone the consideration of the question. The ques tion of guarantee seemeil to be the principal feature in the scheme, and he thought some material guarantee might be made by Synod. There were many points he should like to consider, and he thought they might arrive at a satisfactory solution of the question. Air. 0. B. Youxc remarked that an adjournment would enable the Committee to bring forward other data in support of their scheme. The debate was then made the first Order of the Day for Wednesday next. PAPERS. Mr. Thrufp moved that the first three named papers laid on the table by the Lord Bishop be printed, remarking that it was essential that they should be embodied in their records. Mr. L. J. Pelham seconded the motion, which was carried. SOCIETY FOR THE PROPAGATION OF THE GOSPEL. Mr. Thuupp then moved— 'That the Standing Committee be directed to continue to communicate with the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, and en deavour to carry out the resolutions of the Synod with respect to forms of deeds, to secure endow ment, as passei? on 12th May, 1863.' Mr. L J. Pelham seconded the motion, which was passed. The Synod then adjourned till next day at 3 o'clock. ? ___ 