Hocal JWemorantm, This is tlio last day on which persons who have noj already sent in their claims to vote can register themselves. As a general election is pending, and must of necessity take placc ere long, it behoves all those who have not done to tp have their names placed on thc Electoral lloll. Wit and Humour," was thc subject of a lecture delivered on Wednesday last, in 'tlie Peel-street Church, in aid of the funds of thc church. The attendance was rather small, as thc unpropitious state of the weather, no doubt, prevented many from having the opportunity of listening to this most humorous and. interesting lectare, delivered as it was by such an able and clever gentleman as the David Blair, Esq. llobert Smith, Esq.. presided. The lecturer, after a few introductory remarks, proceeded to define the meaning of the word wit, and quoted largely from such authorities as Ilobbs, Swift, South, and others of acknowledged, repute. In particularising the wit of nations, he had noticed the aptitude of some nations to be witty, others for thei«: humour, whilst a few were both witty and humorous. As a wit, perhaps Macauley might be taken as one of the most celebrated for his brilliant flashes. Punning was the commonest specica of witticism* Humour,, as it were, was the moisture of the mind, lie referred to the English people, as predominating in humour, while they were almost entirely devoid of wit; as were alsp the Scotch, who were a too matter of fact sort of a people. Tlie Irish, he had no hesitation in saying, though he was one of their countrymen, were endowed in a marvellous degree with both wit and humour. They were the descendants of the Celts, like the Gas9ons, a people of the north of France, who were represented by the French in the same light as the Irish were by John Bull. As most illustrative specimens of humour he quoted Don Quixote and recited some passages from Dickens's Pickwick Papers. As Torn Hood says, " It is better to be merry and wise, merry and not otherwise." A vote of thanks t© the lecturer proposed by the chairman, and. seconded. by My, Blanchard, was carried by acclamation. The lecturer in return thanked the meeting in a most befittiug manner, and remarked that on a previous occasion he had delivered the s^iue lecture, when not even a ghost of a laugh was raised, and at the close h> felt himself rather dispirited. Throughout the meeting Mr. Blair was listened to with the utmost attention by the audience, who appeared to enjoy themselves greatly, if the roars of laughter elicited by the numerous illustrations given be taken as a criterion. After a few. remarks from the chairman the meeting sepa r rated. Old Derimut, King of the Yarra Yarra tribe, died at the Benovolent Asylum on Wednesday last. The poor old fellow had been for a long time previous to his decease, suffering severely from rheumatism. Derimut was the last chief of those tribes, who were encamped on the banks of the Yarra when Mr. Eawkner and his associates arrived in Victoria, then a portion of New South Wales. It was to the information and assistance rendered to our countrymen by Derimut that the party owned their lives, he haviag given them warning of the proposed massacre which his countrymen contemplated. For some years past Derimut lived in. the neighbourhood of St. Kilda, and rniglifc frequently be seen wandering about the streets accompanied with liis wives—the old gentleman rejoiced in two wives—and a small troupe of hungry-looking mangy hounds. He was a fine specimen of the now rapidly decreasing aboriginal. Th? small remnants of his tribe who accompanied him seemed at all times to treat him with respect and when any food was given to the party the choicest morsels were handed over to Derimut. At times he used to visit his old friend Mr. F.awkner, but could never be induced to stay more than a day. at a time, lie seemed always uneasy when under a roof, and pined to get away again into the bush. Thanks to the attention of Mr. Fawkner his last days were rendered so tar as was possible comfortable^ The second editiou of Professor Hill's admirable little work on Elocution has just been issued. It contains a vast amount of information of the most practical character and is by far the best work of the kind that we have ever met with. The illustrations are admirable and reflect much credit on the taste of the selector. Thc first regular meeting for practice of the Prahran and South Yarra Glee and Madrigal Sccicly was held, at the Mechanics' Institute, Chapel-street, on Tliursiay evening. Judging from thc quality of the voices of the members this socicty, under such able direction as Mr. Horsley's, cannot fail of being a great success. We believe that the Governor, Sir Charles Darling will become the patron of the society. Mr. Brodribb, M.L.A., is the president, and Messrs. W. Clarke 'and W. U. Tripp, the vice-presidents. Mr. S. King is the Hon. Secretary. It may be mentioned that the subscription to the society is only five shillings per quarter. The new I)og Act, which necessitates the payment of an annual licence of 5s. for every dog kept •will come into operation in a short time. Owners of dogs can, until the act passes, register their animals for Is. The coming opera season promises tp be the most successful of any yet inaugurated under Mr. Lyster's able management. In addition to our old favourites— Escott, Hodges, Squires, Wharton, Lyster, &c.;—Mr. E. A. Beaumont, a tenor of no mean, excellence, will make his (lebut on the Melbourne stage. The baud and chorus iiaye been largely augmented, and contains nearly all thc available musical talont, in their particular depart- ment, in the colony. Gpunod's celebrated opera of Faust" will be produced on Monday, aud during the season several novelties are promised. Mr. Martley, who formerly resided in. Sautli Yarra, seerps to. have been acting somewhat strangely in Bendigo. It appears that at at thc Bendigo District Cou.rt, on Monday last, Edward Evans, who was charged with burgl^ry } and shooting with intent to murder, at the ToobeVac Hotel, on the 3rd February last, was found guilty. ,The charge was clearly brought home to the prisoner by the evidence of an intelligent boy, an o.-phan, who assisted him by holding the candle in one hand and a loaded pistol in the other, iu the room where the robbery was committed,, and wlip turned Queen's evidence after he had been promised his freedom. Tne lad, before being discharged, received a warning .from his Honor as to the danger of pursuing the course of crime which he had begun j as i.t. would eventually lead to the gallows, from which, on tl\e present occasion, he had escaped The prisoner Evans' evinced no emotion when the sentence of death was recorded against him. His Honor gave him to understand that his life would be spared, because it was not altogether certain .that he had fired the gun at the woman intending to. kill her. Mr. Martley, \yho appeared for the prir soner, appears to have been in a very, extraordinary condition, and ultimately the conduct oLthe defence was entrusted to Mr. Helm. The Bendiyo Advertiser, states that M. Martley conducted the examination " in the manner a man would who was suffering from unusual excitement, and his questions .were so irrelevant and meaningless that his Honor uttered several expressions of annoyance. Mr, 'Martley bowed to the expressions of his Honor I'is Honor : 1 beg to say, Mr. Martley, t.iat you are placed in the court in a very improper position t<_, day. Mr. Martley then sat down." Subsequently, in consequence of Mr. Martley's obtusenes, his Honor left the room foi: a few minutes, and on his return it was intimated that Mr Helm would appear in his. stead. Mr. Martley, however, agair. interfered, and the following dialogue then took place between him and his Honor:—" His Honor: I think, Mr. Martley, you had better leave thc case in Mr. Helm'e hands. Mr. Martley: With all respect to your Honor, I must do my duty to my clicnt. Ilia Iiouor; I think, Mr. Martley, you had better leave, the court*. It really must be evident to every oric- tjiat. you are, not in a fit condition to conduct the. case. Ijb is. with extreme regret that I make these remarks. I left the court for a few minutes to allow of your withdrawing." Mjr. Martley then retired*. m 