THE BISHOP OF LINCOLN ON DR. COLENSO. (Times.October the 7th.) I In connection with the Charge of the Bishop of Lincoln, reported at considerable length in The Times of Wednesday, it may be interesting to state at greater detail his Lordship's views on the Colenso controversy : " RATIONALISM.—BISHOP COLENSO. "Referring next to tho prevalence of what he termed an egoistic scepticism, which he had to deplore on the last occasion, the right rev. prelate remarked that though the practical English mind might, indeed, he unwilling to examine and easily to admit the first principles of a philosophy which resolved all being thought and personality into impersonal reason realizing itself in one's own conscience,yet the corollaries from them, that in the thinking self resided tho good, the beautiful, and the true ; that in self, therefore, and its intuitions was their measure to be found, and by self and its intuitions their claims to be solved ; that whatever contradicted and was at variance with what we believed could be right and ought not to be true ; that, therefore, a revelation from God to man if not impossible was at least improbable,inasmuch as all necessary truth was already in man's own being, and that, at all events, all claims to revelation must be tried by the light of one's conscience—all this was so flattering to the pride of the natural heart, so congenial to the habits of intellectual self-confidence which had been fostered by the rapid triumphs of science, and so soothing to minds which had re- bounded from high hard assertions of authority, that it was not surprising that such doctrines, more or less developed and disguised, had found a wide acceptance and exercised a powerful influence Whenever man's subjective judgment was set up under any system or any form as the ultimate standard of truth and falsehood, right and wrong, to the depreciation of external evi- dences and the contradiction of the teachings of revelation,the result was invariably scepticism or infidelity, whatever name might be given to it. When they last met tho most startling manifestation of the sceptical spirit of the day had been the publication of a volume of seven essays, six of which were written by as many clergymen of the Church of England. A more melancholy, though, perhaps, less dangerous example, of its influence had since been exhi- bited by a Bishop of the Colonial Church, from whose high mathematical attainments and zeal for the missionary cause much had been expected, but whose unhappy adoption of the first princi- ples of scepticism had led him on with character- istic rapidity to a rejection of tho fundamental doctrines of our faith. In this ease tho foundation of the superstructure was not concealed in a haze of ambiguities, but was laid distinctly open. After quoting some sentences of Bishop Colenso laying down the doctrine of the supremacy of the ' divine light' in every matter, spiritual or otherwise, the bishop observed that before such a self- constituted tribunal revelation, which would no longer be a necessity but a mere sur- plusage, was arraigned to be questioned and to be judged. To a mind which had thus cordially accepted the first principle of all heresy and unbelief and constituted itself the paramount judge of truth and falsehood, it was a matter of mere circumstance and accident in what direc- tion its career or error happened to turn. In this instance, having been led to comment on the first epistle to the Romans, in what was strangely called a missionary commentary, he arrived at a denial of the original depravity of man, then of the atonement and vicarious sacrifice of Christ, and of justification by faith, which, as the author said, was made, after all, an affair of works, and to assert on the other hand the universal justification of all men, tho universal teaching and indwelling of the Spirit in all men, and ultimately, it would seem, tho universal salvation of all men. There might be a probation, indeed, after judg- ment—a purifying chastisement which sinners needed—and so tho joys of heaven might admit of progression and decrease ; but as re- garded the future of the wicked, ' eternal' did not mean endless, nor if they went into ever- lasting fire need it be believed that they were to remain there. It hardly needed to be added that in such a system the Sacraments were no necessary signs of grace, and although the Lord's Supper was admitted to be an actual means of grace to all devout receivers, yet it was superstition to fancy that by partaking of the consecrated bread and wine we were made partakers of it more truly than by any other act of faith, whether wrought in our secret chambers,or in tho daily duties of life,or amidst the prayers and praises of the congregation. Thus was built up another Gospel—a rival to tho revealed Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. The same principle of the supremacy of tho in- dividual judgment over the revelation of God was next carried to the study of the Old Testa ment,and to a mind already indisposed to accept the miracles or to acquiesce in the stern reality of a dispensation in which tho Almighty was pleased to work, not by tho hidden laws of His Providence, but personally with His arm bare, the German neology found ready access, and a series of rapid attacks followed on tho authen- ticity of the Pentateuch, the authorship of which was denied and tho morality of which was pronounced unworthy of the Divine Being. Exodus was declared to have been com- piled from conflicting traditions, or invented by Samuel; and the Book of Deuteronomy to have been composed in tho reign of Josiah, most likely by tho prophet Jeremiah. These assaults led by one whose office and vows should have placed him among the first of the defenders of the faith, naturally excited anxiety and uneasi- ness. He (tho Bishop of Lincoln) would not deny the ingenuity of some of his (Dr.Colenso's) speculations, tho industry and clearness with which they were worked out, or tho sincerity of his convictions, evinced by tho triumph and satisfaction displayed at each successive blow he struck at doctrines which lately were solemnly believed by himself, and which were so deeply rooted in the faith of Christendom. By degrees, however, tho excitement had sub- sided. The objections were found to be mis- apprehensions capable of solution, and no objection was a refutation unless it was insoluble. The attack on the authenticity of the Penta- teuch and on tho early date of its composition was made with a critical apparatus so uncertain in its basis, so complex in its operations, and depending for its application so much on tho tastes and prepossessions of tho individual who employed it, that scarcely any two critics who had used it had arrived at tho same results, while the theories offered as a substitute for the belief of all ages were so improbable that there was little fear that they would be accepted widely or held long even by the proverbial credulity of scepticism. On the whole it might be anticipated, after a careful review of tho attack and of those replies which it had called forth, and these volumes which caused so much alarm, and which could never be received by a Christian or Churchman without pain and sorrow, would soon sleep on neglected shelves by the side of tho Tolands and the Chubbs of the past. Nevertheless, the utterance of such opinions from such a quarter afforded reasonable ground for anxiety. In addition to the contagion of the example thus set by a man holding high office in tho Church, there was tho influence of a portion of the popular press, and though the great body of tho people of England were, thank God, sound in their faith, there was too much reason to believe that the poison was working even in the quietest and remotest parishes, and among a class of persons where the pastor least suspected. Nor could he (the Bishop) believe that the evil had reached its highest. Hitherto the authenticity and veracity of tho Old Testa ment only had been questioned, Dr. Colenso, indeed, had admitted that tho same spirit of inquiry must undoubtedly be carried into the writings of the New Testament, and if there were any part of tho Church's teachings depend- ing on the New Testament which would not bear tho ' test of truth'—that is, what his 'light of tho inner man' considered truth—'we shall,' he said, 'of course be bound to reject that also.' It was most im- portant, then, to hear in mind that the authority and veracity of the Old and New Testaments were closely entwined together—that not only did our Lord appeal to that collection of our sacred documents, and specifically to tho writings of Moses, and not only did his Apostles quote from them as an ultimate authority, and attribute to tho Holy Ghost tho words they quoted from them, but both they and their Divine Master had set the seal of Divine testimony precisely to those facts which rationalistic scepticism rejected, so that the history of man's creation and fall, of tho trans- lation of Enoch, of the fall of Sodom, of tho fate of Lot's wife, the story of Balaam, and tho miracle of Jonah, came to us on the authority not merely of the old Testament, but also of the New, and a further and very solemn meaning was imported to our Saviour's warning—' If you believe not Moses, how shall ye believe my words ?' Nor must we forget, in estimating the dangers of the present or the conflicts of the future, that scepticism usually melted into un- reasoning credulity, and its ordinary recoil was a blind refuge in the fixed and unbending authority of a Church like that of Rome. Our only hope was in that Power whose breath could dispel the clouds around us. Meanwhile there was an instrument which He had put into our hands, and made it our duty to use—the greater diligence of those to whom the cure of souls was intrusted in prayer, in the reading of the Holy Scriptures, and in such studies as helped to the knowledge of the same, in the patient and earnest inculca- tion, of the Gospel, its evidences, doctrines, and duties, on their people, and in the framing of their own outer and inner lives that they might be proofs of the power of religion which no sceptics could gainsay—an argument which the most unlearned could understand, and which convinced those who were too indolent or too prejudiced to reason. " THE COURT OF APPEAL. " It had been thought, indeed, that the aid of tho law should be invoked against those who, holding office in the church, had enunciated opinions hostile to her rule of faith, but it was, perhaps, forgotten that the State dealt with the offices and endowments of the clergy more in the light of property than trusts, and jealously preserved them in the enjoyment of them unless some distinct offence was proved with all the accuracy required in construing some penal statute. The Courts, therefore, required proof for deposition not merely of unsound doctrine or unscriptural teaching—of which they dis- claimed being judges—but of language contra- dictory to the articles and formularies of the Church of England, taking their stand on the 13th of Elizabeth, cap. 12, which enacted tho penalty of deprivation for any ecclesias- tical person advising, or maintaining or affirming any doctrine contrary or repugnant to any of the Thirty-nine Articles, and that of the 1st of Elizabeth, cap. 2, recited and enfor- ced by the Act of Uniformity, which made it ponai to speak or preach anything in derogation of the Book of Common Prayer or anything therein contained. They distinctly limited their jurisdiction to ascertaining and defining whether any thing before them was or was not contrary to those statutes, and disclaimed any 'jurisdiction or authority to settle matters of faith or to determine what ought in any particular to be tho doctrine of tho Church of England.' The duty of tho Court ' extends only to the con- sideration of that which is by law established to be the doctrine of the Church on the true and legal construction of her Articles ; not whether tho opinions under consideration are theologically sound or unsound, but whether they are repugnant to the articles and formu lnries of the Church.' Tried by those rules, it was scarcely surprising that two essays pub- lished by beneficed clergymen, and, like the rest, written with a certain tone of vagueness and tentative indecision, suggesting rather than affirming error, should have escaped con- viction. On the general character and tendency of the book or the effect and aims of particular essays the Court neither could nor did pronounce any opinion. On the short extracts before them their judgment was that tho charge was not proved—that is, that they did not so contravene tho Common Prayer-book or Articles as to subject the writers to penal consequences. There was no ground, therefore for the alarm felt at this judgment, as if tho doctrines of the Church of England were precariously dependent on the decision of a law court, and had been actually in this case ruled and determined in a sense adverse to the truth as held by the Church. Neither the Court of Arches nor the Judicial Committee of Privy Council did, nor could they do, anything of the sort. They laid down no definition of doctrine. They did not pretend to decide what was true or false. They only declared that certain propositions before them were not so contradictory to the Church's formularies when strictly interpreted as to involve those who wrote them in forfeiture of their benefices. But though the integrity of Church doctrino had not been touched by this judgment, it had created serious doubt as to the practicability of protecting parishes from un- sound teaching by process of law. Some took exception to the constitution of the Court of Appeal, and it might, indeed be maintained,with- out any derogation from the learning and ability of the men who sat on that committee, that practised lawyers might not be the most com- petent parties to ascertain the true meaning of a theological proposition the terms of which had an historical and technical character, just as they would not be so well qualified as a physician or a natural philosopher to appreciate tho exact force of a proposition couched in terms belong- ing to medical or natural science. It was further unfortunate that the presence in the Court of a minority of ecclesiastics as members of tho Court, or assessors, while it could not control or influence tho judgment, gave the decision an appearance of a determination of doctrine, which it was not and could not claim to be. But it was not so much tho constitution of the Court itself as tho principles which were now admitted to bind its judgment that rendered the punishment of false teaching in clergymen difficult, for if the function of tho Court was limited to deciding whether any passages alleged to be unsound were or were not contradictory to tho Articles and Prayer-book, tutting their literal and grammatical sense, it would follow-and, indeed had been ruled that all doctrines not determined by the Articles and Liturgy were open questions, so far at least as regarded the immunity of those teaching them from the penalties of the law. But it could not be maintained that the Prayer-book and Articles contained a complete code of all Christian truth, so as to supply a sufficient test of soundness of doctrine. The Prayer-book, indeed, included doctrine largely, but only incidentally. Thor- oughly scriptural as it was, it embalmed in its devotions tho fundamental doctrines of the Church, but from tho nature of the book it was not permitted to state them strictly, while of tho Articles of faith as a means of avoiding diversity of opinion and establishing a consent must be presumed to have decided such of the questions under discussion us it was thought proper and practicable and prudent to decide, but it could not have attempted the determina- tion of all the questions that had arisen or might arise, or include in the Articles a com- plete and authoritative Statement of all Christian doctrine." They were drawn up, in fact, with a view to the great heresies that had infested tho Church of Rome and the errors then pre- valent ; and that they were thus intended, not as a universal code of doctrine, but as a remedy for existing evils, was proved by the fact that five Articles directed against the extravagancies of the Anabaptists in 1553 were cancelled ten years after, when those opinions had ceased to be regarded as dangerous. Tho Court, then, though it might deprive a clerk who affirmed for instance, tho doctrine that it is not ' lawful for Christian men, at tho commandment of tho magistrate, to wear weapons and serve in tho wars," or that tho second Book of Homilies did not ' contain a godly and wholesome doctrine,' was unable to suspend or even censure those who taught that the Bible was ' the expression of the devout reason of tho congregation,' or to defend a flock from the teaching of any new heresy, however repugnant to God's Word, which was not contradictory to articles framed 300 years ago in view of other errors. To meet such cases, then, it would be necessary to frame additional articles or formularies of faith, to be drawn up by the Convocations of tho Church, and sanctioned under penalties by tho Legis- lature-a remedy so difficult in its application and so far-reaching in its consequences that the strongest necessity alone would secure or justify its adoption. Meanwhile, it was to be hoped that it would be rarely necessary to have re course to trials, tho result of which seemed to sanction doctrines inconsistent with Holy Scrip- ture, and to weaken tho authority of tho Church, and that no other penalty need be inflicted on the teacher of false doctrine than the alienation of his congregation and the reprobation of all sincere Christians.". A BOMBSHELL, IN A MAGAZINE.-A few days ago one of our ordinary light-draught gunboats, belong- ing to Admiral Lee's fleet, on tho James River, was fired at from a rebel shore battery. One of tho shells struck and entered tho magnzino.but did not explode Upon a search being made for the rebel missile,it was discovered that it had passed through two barrels of powder and lodged in a third, from which it was romoved. At tho timo this kindly shell made its grand cntrJo into the magazine thoro woro about 100 souls-ofllcors aud mon-on board of tho gunboat, ovory ono of whom would un- doubtedly have been blown to atoms had it exploded. It should be remembered that in constructing our light- draught gunboats it is impossible to sink the machinery, and boilers below watermark-American 