/WATER COMMISSION. Tem citizens of Brisbane have been guilty once more of a most odious vul garity. They have had an Indignation Meeting, in whioh even the bubbling echo of Mr. Petbte could provoke no discord. They have most unmiBtake ably declared their approval of the course taken by the Municipal Council with reference to the much talked-of Water Commission, and they have de clared that they will pay nothing to wards its expenses, and concur in no action over which their representatives have not a fair share of control. And, in 60 doing, they acted calmly, temper ately, and decidedly. Not the least re markable feature in the proceedings was Mr. Hbmslajst's forcibly expressed regret that he had been one of the two hundred who dace believed in Mr. Herbebt, and had endeavoured to j secure his return. !But then Mr. HehhaKt has nothing to get from the Government. He does not bang about their offices for the stray crumbs of itinerant contracts. He has not the ghost «of .» chance even of being angle a member «f a Commission iJfwe understand this matter rightly, there is now a far graver issue involved than was .at one time anticipated. We are. aware that the grave and great question of the public interest is alto gether a secondary consideration in the Ministerial mind — that personal pique and personal revenge have their full, share in the recent action taken with reference to this Commission, and that we have now to meet the administra tion face to face, and once and fbr all determine whether the Government of any British colony is to be guided by the private antipathies or likings of the administration for the time being. Were thiB colony a mere nominee ridden country, — were its inhabitants simply to live, left at the discretion of men like the old semi-military tyrants of New South Wales, we should under stand with what we had to deal. Now we have the memorable shadow of a Representative Government, employed only to hide the devices of a thinly dis guised, but cowardly despotism. We are glad we eay that this Waterworks question has raised so momentous an issue. Let us work it out to its inevit able result, and teach the Government that, not even in the expenditure of a single shilling 6liall they be allowed to suppose themselves independent of the opinions and beyond the control of the people by whose taxation it is raised. In this matter the metropolis has done itself due hohor, and accorded with the traditions of the past as well as com plied with the exigences of the present It has, as became its position, stricken the first blow at that centralizing ag grandisement which would lodge all power, all patronage — all the functions of every branch rf mT-n ? »? *f', *?— ? lesson to heart, lest he have far ruder and harder ones to listen to. He may resolve that the thirteen thousand who live within the city boundaries shall have no water unless on his terms — he may even cast about — as he is casting about —to delay the Bridge as well as the Waterworks. He may glory in the ovations he will, perchance, receive on the commencement of a gross job begun in folly, and carried on in corruption. But the day will come when those ova tions will eound like the harsh groans of disappointed credulity ; when public enterprise commenced by ihe people in good faith, will be completed in despite an insidious opposition ; and when he and his Government will meet with ihe fate themselves have toiled for, and the long-hidden secrets of their procedure will be brought to the light. When that hour comes, the people of Brisbane will be able to look back with pride and gladness at their proceedings of last night. They will remember that they took the first effec tive stand against ihe uncontrolled despotism attempted to be set up in their midst. The resolutions passed but night, went the full length to which constitutionally they could go. They stopped the supplies. That is indeed the only: way in which a repre sentative government can be brought to account. And in this matter the citizens of Brisbane — -while well sup porting their Corporation — have set an example which we trust to see followed in the next Parliament. Give these gentlemen their fall .swing of devices, and then leave them to provide for the cost themselves. Not even the luxury of revenge is potent atimulent enough agunstismshanHobstniotion. ' \- .. TIhii.iUj T»im«lj Hill 