1 THE WE3LEYAN METHODIST DISTRICT i MEETING. I The Annual District Meeting of the Wesleyan i Church in South Australia has lately been held in this city. Twenty ministers were present, in cluding Mr. John Dunn, who has lately returned from Fiji, and who is under the direction of the Missionary Committee. Before the business com menced the Chairman (the Be v. J. Watsford), in kind and appropriate terms, introduced the l!tv. S. Ironside to his brethren as an oid fellow-labourer. The F'ev. John Cope was elected Secretary. Ail the ministers were carefully examined one by one, as is usual, as to their personal character, their orthodoxy, and their tituess for the work. No char e was preferred against any. There were five candidates presented to the District Meeting by their respective Superintendents, having been unanimously approved by their quarterly meet-, lngs. Four of them were cordially recommended to the Conference to be received upon trial in their ministry. The fifth candidate failed in his exami nation, chieflv through a severe attack of illness, under which he was suffering at the time. Addi tional ministers we:e asked tor by the following circuits, viz.Adelaide first, second, and third; Mount Barker, Wallaroo, and Kapunda. Five of the applications will most likely he acceded to by Conference. The returns from the various circuits are very satisfactory. There is increase in nearly every department of the work:— Number of chapels, 114; last year, 109; in crease, 5. Number of other preaching-places, 45; last year, 47: decrease. 2. Number of ministers, 10: last year, 10. * Number of Sabbath-school teachers, 1,202; last year, 1,143; increase. 53. Number ef local preachers, 194; last year, 193; decrease. 2. Number of leaders, 24S; last year, 241; in crease, 7. Number of Church members, 3,601; last year, 3,492: increase, 122. Number of Sabbath scholars, 7,034; last year, 7,2.»!; inciease, 233. Number of attendants on public worship, 21.9S5; last year, 21,010; increase, 975. The i ev. Hubert C. Fiockai t, who has laboured longed in this colony, and is held in high estima tion by bis brethren, was chosen representative in conjunction with the Chairman of the District, to the Conference in Sydney. The Eevds. S. Iron side and P. 11 C. TTsshcr were also allowed to at tend Conferences. The Arte! aide Circuit Magazine, of which No. 1 appeared in August, received the uuauiaious sane: ion of the meeting. It is in future to be the district periodical, to be called the Wesl-eyan Meihodisl Magazine for South Aus tral it, to he published, for the present, twice a quarter. The Iter. S. Ironside is appointed editor; tlie next number to appear about the middle of Korember. The financial district meeting was held on Tuesday, the 18th. At this meeting ail the Connectional Funds of the church pass under careful review, by a mixed Committee, con sisting of the ministers and Circuit Stewards of all the Circuits ill the colony, with John Colton, Esq.. M.P., lay-Treasurer. There were present 25 lav gentlemen, representing all the Circuits save the two most distant ones. It was found that the entire cost of chapel property was ■£7(5,293 13s. 4d., and of ministers' residences £7,249. Total amount of church property in the colony, £S3.5!2 13s. 4d. The debts remaining amount to £19,342 9s. 7d. The cost of new erec tions, during the year has been £3,394 ISs. 4d. Eight new chapels have been built; permission has been given to build 14 new chapels and one school and class-rooms. There were eight new chapels iu course of erection. The receipts of the Church Extension and Con- j tincent Fund had amounted to £490 19s. 6d. After ; very careful enquiry into the several cases asking assistance from the fun \ this amount was dis tributed in fair and equitable proportions to the necessitous Circuits. All the Connectional Funds were examined in the meeting. They were found to be in a satisfactory state. In neaily every instance there was a gratifying increase upon the ; collections and subscriptions of the previous year. Chalmep.s Free Pbesbtterian Church. — After a brief interval, during which Chalmer's Church, on North-terrace, has been cleaned and renovated, and public worship was resumed there on Suudav, when reopening sermons were preached. In the m-ramg the Eev. J. Jefieris, IiL.B., preached from SlaUliew, 5th chap. 20th verse— " For I say unto you that except your righteous ness shall exceed the righteousness of the Scribes and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven." The afternoon service was conducted by the Ecv. J". Cope, who discoursed upon the text contained in 2nd Corinthians, 9th chap. 15tli verse—"Thanks he unto God for his unspeakable gift;" and afterwards in a simple and entertaining manner addressed the children of the Sunday-school, of whom there were a large number present. The Ilev. C. W. Evan, B.A., officiated in | the evening, and took for his subject, "The treasure hid in the field." Collections were made at each service, the total amount received being £55. Wesley ah Sunday-school, Walker ville.— A correspondent lias forwarded the fol lowing:—"The anniversary of the Wesleyan Sunday-School, Walkerville, was celebrated on Sunday, the lfith instant, on which occasion ser mons were pre relied morning aud evening by the Rev. C. Colwell aud Eev. J. Watsford respectively. In the afternoon the children recited Scripture, • catechism, &c;„ and sung several appropriate anthems in a very creditable manner. On the following Wednesday the usual tea meeting took place in the chapel {which was artistically deco rated with wreaths aud garlauds), about 140 par taking of the substantialities and delicacies pro vided by the friends. At the conclusion of the tea a public meeting was held—Air. J. Rofe, of Port Adelaide, in the chair—when addresses were delivered by the Rev. Messrs. Cope, Lloyd, and Dunn. From the Secretary's report, which was read, it appeared there were 10 teachers and S2 scholars on the books, showing a slight increase on the preceding year. On Tuesday, the 25th, the auiiual picnic took place, the site selected and kindly granted being the lion. John Baker's pro perty on the Fourth Creek. Here about 70 of the scholars, teachers, and friends ruralized till the suu's declination in the western heavens warned theiuto depart to their homes, which were reached without any accident of the slightest nature having occurred tomar the day's enjoyment." The late Rev. John Allen Manton. —We extract the following mournfully interesting information from the Sydney Morning Herald of the 12th September" The remaius of the Rev. John Ailen Manton were interred in the Wesleyan Cemetery, Parramatta; on Saturday afternoon. Mr. Mauton was one of the oldest Wesleyan ministers in the Australian Colonies, and his piety. ability, and devotion have endeared his name to that denomination. Mr. Manton was held in the highest estimation, and it need hardly he said that his death is deeply deplored, more especially by the members of his own communion. The de ceased gentleman came to the colony in the year 18:11, and after labouring for a year or two at Parramatta, he was stationed in Tasmania. Mr. Mantou's ministrations -at Macquarie Harbour, a settlement on the western coast of the island, and at Port Arthur, on the southern coast, were at tended with the most gratifying and successful results. For many years Mi. Manton was the President of Horton College—a training establish- I incut in the interior of the island, which be organized and brought to a very prosperous maturity. About tire years ago Mr. Mauton re turned to this colony, and took charge of the Newiugton Collegiate Institution from its iuitiatiou. He rendered important and valuable services to the Wesleyan Church in these colonies in the formation and direction of those educational establishments. Mr. Manton became seriously unwell about six months ago, and he died at half-past 5 o'clock on Friday morning of dropsy supervening on disease of the heart. The deceased was in the fifty-eighth year of his age and the thirty-fifth of his ministry. After a short service, conducted at Newingcon, on Saturday, the funeral procession left for Parramatta about 2 o'clock, and arrived at the chapel at half-past 3. 'The coffin haTing been carried into the chapel, portions of the burial service were read by the Rev. S. Rahone, prayer being offered by the Rev. G. Hurst. The Rev. R. Mansfield delivered-a brief ad dress on the occasion, which he'said was one pecu liarly toucliing to his feelings, as it was deeply im pressive on the hearts of his hearers. Thirty-three years ago it was liis privilege to number the de parted among his choicest friends, aud throughout that long interval ail that he had seen and heard and known of his departed brother had but served to confirm the prepossessions which the earliest moment of their acquaintance produced, to deepen his heart's love for him, and to raise him still higher in his esteem and respect. In the strictest and noblest sense of the term, without adulation, he was a good man, full of faith and of the Holy Ghost. Did it not seem a mysterious providence that in his riper years, when all his mental and moral poaeis seemed to have reached their fullest vigour—when he was cal{gd to occupy an impor tant sphere—that at.that critical period in his luturestiug history the Jast enemy should be permitted to lay hold of liim and drag him down tn r!to client: mansinne iif itia' 1>im tn to the silent mausions of the dead? For liim to live undoubtedly was Christ, and for him to die was rich superlative gain. The rev. gentleman re marked on the (Jhristi in's power to triumph over death, and he asked were they not reminded of their mortality? 'Our fathers—were are they? the prophets—do they live for ever?' Death came into their sacred ranks and took hold of one and another, saying to those who survived, * Prepare to meet thy God.' The preacher then earnestly exhorted the youthful portion of liis auditory to make their 'calling and election sure.'- They had seen how Christians lived in the example of their dear preceptor, over whose ashes they mourned; and they had seen how he died, triumphing in redeeming love, happy in flic clear and cloudless prospect of immortality, j aud he beckoned them to follow. Let them idl gird themselves anew to the fight of faith, and so I gather under the banners of the Cross that ere long victory might crown their br.svs. The ser vice, at which there was a good number of persons present, having been concluded, the body was borne to the hearse, and at 20 minutes past 4 o'clock the mournful procession moved slowly forward to tiie graveyard. The students of the college went first, next followed ministers of the denomination with other persons who walked, and they were succeeded by the hearse, the mourning coaches, and a long train of other vehicles. Besides the clergymen already named, ■there were present the Rev. R. L. King (Church of . England), and the following ministers of the i Wesleyaacommunion:—The Revs. B. Chapman, J. Bickford, Yf. Curnow, it. W. Vanderkiste, W. B. Brookes, G. Martin, J. Oram, C. W. Bigg, and — Moore. Among the laymen who attended were the Mayor of Sydney, the Hon. George Allen, M.L.C., Mr. Ji Caldwell, M.L.A., Mr. W. Love. M.L. A., Dr. Moifit, and Messrs. J. and W. Byrnes, i The graveyard was reached shortly lvefore5 o'clock, ! and the remaining sentences of the burial service were there read by the Rev. S. Babone. The mourners lingered around the grave for awhile, and then sorrowfully dispersed. 