A GHOST STOKY. The following story of a ghost in a pair of blankets is given by the Tai'rengower Times, 30th ult. : — 'At half-past four o'clock on Sunday morning Sergeant Grior was aroused from his peaceful slumbers by a minor of Porcupine Flat, named Thos., Phillips, who told the following curious tale.. He had been having a glass or two at the Brighton Hotel, and at half past eleven o'clock had left for homo.. His tont is usually fastened by a button. On arriving home tho tent was unfastened, and as he passed tho threshold, ho saw a figure, having tho semblance of ; a human being, enveloped in a largo sheet, which started up and extended its arm. Phillips rushed back with; affright, and with, visions of supernatural agency flitting o'er his brain, turned to run,1 the figure fol lowing him rapidly. In his fright- Phillips yet had courage enough to halt- and seize an axo which, lay adjacent to tho tent. Ho then adjured the apparition, commanding it to speak, and receiving no answer, hurled the use at it, and turned and fled. In reply to the sergeant, Phillips said he thought tho liguro was struck by the axe and fell. Mr Grier fancied from tho trembling and confusion of the man, that he really had committed murder or manslaughter, and had forged this talo when remorse or fear prompted him to give himself up. In reply* to the sergeant as to the time that had elupacd since the act, Phillips said he had wandered distractedly about, and had, vainly, for some time endeavored to find the camp. It transpired afterwards that he had paid a nocturnal visit to J. Warnock, J. P., and to Mr Ellis, of the Kangaroo Hotel, in his search for the police. Con- stables Ward and Byrne and Phillips proceeded to the tent of the latter. The axe was found in a dif- ferent position to that described by Phillips ; but it was also discovered that a pair of white blanket3 had been stolen from tho tent. The obvious infer ence is that aa ingenious thief was visiting the tent of Phillips, and successfully, adopted the ghostly device to scare his victim, the ' white sheet' being undoubtedly one of the purloined blankets, and tho wits of Phillips being perhaps somewhat obfus cated by his previous potations, tonded to aid tho well thoujrht-of deception bv the rascal, who doubtless chuckles hugely at the terror occasioned by his roguery.' The Ttirrengosver Times, 2ad inst., says: — ' The blankets taken from the tent of tho man Phillips, on Saturday night last, havo boon returned to him by a neighbor, who accounted for their possession by stating that ho was passing the tent on Saturday night, -and, seoincf the door-/ open, ? took the blankets away for' fear they should ' be stolen 1' It will be^emembored that Pintlips de posed to the policothat ;he 'had caught' a figure, clothed in white, in his tont, tand,/fearing it was a ghost, threw an axe at it and bolted. : The affair is a 'curious 'one all through.' ,'i /.',';' ? Snow.— Since Bebchworth has beon Boechworth, it has never been visited by so -heavy a snow storm as passed over it on Tuesday, evening/ Tho storin. came' up in a heayydark elond frorri tha/west, and burst upon us with high wind,' lightning, thunder, hail, and finally settled into a /steady and very heavy snow shower, which laated'upwards of an hour. For tho first time, we had regular snowballing in tha streets, and boys seemed quite at homo in tliolrnoir element. Passing vehicles were i saluted with shonrors of friendly missiles, and pnoi baker,' without dis mounting from his perch, -resisted his foes -most manfully, gathering the snow from.h'is apron arid the top of his cart, and returning tho firo with great damage to the enemy. One old gentleman turning acbrner received a snowball botvreori the eyes, much to his astonishment arid indignation ; but presently a faint /gleam; as if of somo' boyish recollection, broke over his countenance, and he forthwith set to work and entered heartily into the spirit of tho sport, giving quite as good as ho got. Tho storm was very general in the district, and tho snow was lying oa some roofs and in sheltered spots tlie whole of yes terday, which was exceedingly cold.— O. and M, Advertiser, September 1. ' 