OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent! London, Tuesday, January 26, 1864. The new year opened with chequered prospects. There was the prospect of war in .Northern Europe, and of the indefinite prolongation of the American gigantic struggle. At home, also, there have been diverse incidents to mark the advent of 1864 — a lamentable increase of distress in Lancashire, a week of severe frost, and the birth of a new heir to the throne of these realms. To the latter only I now propose to advert. The confinement of the Princess of Wales was quite expected in March. But the xnoBt experienced physicians are sometimes baffled in their calculations. OnFriday, theSthinst., the Princess of Wales was present in a sledge on Virginia water, Biehmond, enjoying the skating evolutions of a large party, whom the Prince had invited to enjoy a game on the ice. . Her own dislike of fussiness led her to disregard certain premonitory symptoms, but on returning to Froginore at 6 o'clock they became more urgent, and at 9 o'clock her Royal Highness'(was delivered of a fine boy by Dr. Brown, of Windsor, who was hastily summoned in the absence of Dr. Sieveking, her Physician in Ordinary, who arrived immediately after the birth of the infant. The event was so unexpected that there was but one Cabinet Minister present, Lord G-ranville, and he by accident ; 'and what the fair sex, at least, will con eider of more consequence, not the least preparation had been made for the advent of ' the little stranger' into the world, of which he may one day — long distant may it be! — become the greatest of sovereigns. The young Prince had to be swathed in ?wadding in default, the customary wrappings not being available; and no regular nurse being within call the Countess of Macclesfield, lady-in-waiting, became head-nurse for the time, a position which her mater nal experience well fitted her to discharge. Of course the telegrams soon brought down the physicians, Dr. Sieveking and Dr. Farre, and all the needful articles ; and next day by noon, Queen 'Victoria herself, who had hastened from Osborne at the Prince's sum mons, was at Frogmore to welcome her little grand eon, and cheer with kindly sympathy the young, and no doubt proud mother of an heir to the British Throne. Windsor was draped with flags and re sounded with cheers as Her Majesty passed on, quite overcome with the excitement of the occasion, and the loyal demonstrations of her subjects, to Frogmore Lodge. Of the young Prince so prematurely brought into the world, the Lancet, the most authoritative medical authority, gives the following particulars : — The infant Prince is, happily, a fine and healthy child. Par parenth&se;, he is said to present already a striking likeness to his Royal father, his features being unusually well marked. Very precise state ments have been made as to the uterine age of the infant Prince, and his weight ; but these statements have been more precise than accurate. He is believed by those best able to form an opinion to be somewhat more than a 'seven-months' child.' The weight of nine pounds gravely assigned to the young Prince is altogether incorrect. We are assured that he has not been weighed at all; and this will certainly afford relief to many anxious mothers and nurses, who have declared, almost with one- voice, that ' it was a shame to weigh the little Prince, for it is so unlucky to ?weigh a child.' Sis weight is estimated at considerably less than nine pounds, which is a good weight for a fine child of fully nine months' development ; six pounds would probably be nearer to the truth; and yet leave nothing to regret. Every one is, of course, anxious to know how the Prince is to be brought up. He will be suckled by a wet nurse. The same diffi culties presented themselves in this as in other matters, from the unexpected and premature arrival of the little stranger. A nurse was, however, care fully selected in the emergency by Dr. Sieveking from those on the list of the York-road Lying-in Institu tion — Mrs.'Connor — a married woman of irreproach able character,good health, and antecedents, and pos sessing the requisite physical qualities. The little Prince feeds well, and is in excellent health. The recovery of the Princess of Wales has been as rapid as could be expected. On the 18th, ten days after her confinement, her medical attendants issued the following bulletin : — ' The convalescence of Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales continues to make steady progress. ' The infant Prince is quite welL ' Her Boyal Highness' 6 recovery is so far advanced that it is considered unnecessary to issue any more bulletins. ' Abthub Faeee, M.D. ' Wtt.t.th-m Jennek, M.D. ' E. H. SiEVEKma, M.D.' It is almost superfluous to say that this interesting event, so important in a national point of view, excited the liveliest interest throughout the country. The bells rang merry peals, and on the succeeding Sunday prayers were offered up in places of worship, the special form prepared for the Established Church a week later. Corporations and all kinds of public bodies are promptly meeting to adopt addresses of congratulation to the Queen and Princess of Wales. The young prince not only took the Court and the world by surprise, but seems likely still to occasion embarrassment. Conscientious courtiers are searching for precedents to find out what he is to be called, as though our Queen's reign had not been all through a defiance of the precedents which hedge royalty around. They have had to go back 125 years, when G-eorge HI. was an infant in arms, and a regal grandpapa as well ss a princely papa to caress him. Whether the infant prince of A.D. 1864 will be called the Duke of Edinburgh, the Earl of Dublin, or the Duke of Cornwall, or — pardon the bold speculation — Prince of Australia — there is little doubt that he will be christened ' Albert,' and much reason to hope that he may be the means of weaning the Queen from brooding care springing from the inevitable past. The external signs of grief were, indeed, disappearing in the precincts of the Court ' before this auspicious event — from the toilettes of the princesses as well as the liveries of the royal household. The week of frost from the 2nd to the 9th of January, though by no means so serious as that of three years ago, was quite as severe while it lasted. The thermometer often ranged as low as 22 degreeB, 10 degrees below freezing point ; blocks of floating ice had began to drift about in the Thames almost stopping navigation, and Derwent- water, three miles long, was frozen from end to end. Throughout London, for the most part, the water supply was stopped, and ths water turned on in the streets ; and great numbers of people, such as waterside laborers and costermongers thrown out of employ, not a few parading the streets to the old familiar refrain ?' We've got no work to do.' In the parks there were very gay doings, thousands crowding there daily to ekate and slide and see the novel sight, and alas! some to fall in. But the accidents were not numerous, and none of them fatal. How it fared at the other end of London among entire streets of poor half-starved creatures whose heads are, at the best of times, scarcely raised above pauperism, is tad to think. But they were not the only suf ferers. In that one week the deaths in London were, according to the Segfetrar's return, 877 above the average — people who were ' killed almost suddenly by the cold wave of the atmosphere.' The metropolis has had another cause for excite ment. During the past few months there has been a perfect rush for subterranean railways under the British capital ; and if all were carried out we should be living over a honeycomb, and be toppled into the abyss by the first severe shock of an earthquake. It is really amazing to what an extent this mania has reached. There were 27 separate schemes, of which 20, with an aggre gate capital of 50 millions have paid the required de posits to the Accountant-General. These are quite independent of other colossal works, each as the Thames Embankment, the Main Drainage, Holbora Viaduct, and New Docks. One plan proposes an inner circle, and another an outer circle of lines to 'tap' the great railways out of London. These together would absorb some eight millions, and require a gigantic high level bridge below London bridge for ships with sails set to glide underneath. Then there is a scheme for joining the Charing Cross Eailway (opened this month with the North- Western, Great If orthern, and Great Western by a line partly open, partly in tunnelling. The inner circle referred to is nearly all underground, sweeping round from. Paddington along the Thames Embank ment under °the Bank to Finsbury-square. Another project coolly proposes to tunnel the whole length of Oxford-street, from the Marble Arch to Farrington-street. There was a scheme, now withdrawn, for a gigantic viaduct down the centre of the Thames, with a railway at the top, from Westminster to London Bridge. If all those wild devices for undermining London were carried out, there would be four new bridges below, and some eight above London Bridge, a complete laby rinth of lines, crossing each other at all points under the City, and two under the Parks. It is under stood that Government will issue a Boyal Com mission to consider the whole question of metropo litan railway communication, and it is hoped that all of them will be hung up till the principle on which : future lines are to be constructed is definitely decided. All this speculative mania is owing, to a great extent, to the great success of the Metropolitan, which runs underground from Farringdon- street to Paddington, and carries as many passengers as it can take. Another question of current interest at the present moment is the Shakspeare Tercentenary. There is a ^National Committee in London, and a Festival Com mittee in Stratford-on-Avon,.to prepare fittingly to celebrate the 300th birthday of England's greatest poet and dramatist. The latter have obtained the adhesion of several provincial towns. They propose some kind of monument, a procession, a Shakspeare reading performance, and ball— in fact, a six day.' entertainment. The former, which, as you are aware, has invited the co- operation of all the colonies, pro poses mainly a ShakBpeare monument on rather a pretentious scale, $**, «Jw! *» Committee hu been unfortunate from the first. First, they — that is the Executive, the General Committee being merely ornamental — had some unpleasantness about Mr. Thackeray just before his death ; then they published a report before it was approved ; next the General Committee rejected the report, and passed a virtual vote of censure on its concootors ; then the Working Committee was reinforced with fresh blood, and as soon as they had agreed upon a plan, which embraced the raising of £30,000, some of the leading members, such as Shirley Brooks, Theodore Martin, Tom Taylor, withdrew, believing that the scheme, ' as at present managed, must end in discreditable failure, and draw down universal contempt upon English* professions of reverence for Shakespeare.' j The Times has followed up this public protest with j a summary condemnation of the entire monumental * scheme both as injudicious and impracticable. The truth is that the National Shakspeare Committee was got up by the staff of the Athenczum, who are a kind of Ishmaelites in the literary and artistic world. They have held fast to it and have stuck to their own plan of a great monument — statues and monuments being, at present, a bye-word amongst us — till the whole affair is well-nigh shipwrecked, and Shak speare's countrymen are beginning to call to mind the words of Milton — *' What needs my Shakspeare for his honoured bones, The labour of an age in oiled stones ? Or that his hallow'd relics should be hid Under a starry-pointed pyramid?' &c.; and to conclude with the Puritan poet that living ' in each heart' Shakspeare ? ' so sepulchred, in such pomp dost lie, That kings, for such a tomb, would wish to die.' Though barely a fortnight hence Parliament is to meet, little is known as the probable course of events during the session. I understand that in official circles a dissolution is expected about May, or at the end of the session, but possibly the present Parliament may last till 1865. There seems but little chance of a Conservative onslaught on the Government, because a portion of the Opposition, and that the most Torified, prefer — or did last session prefer — Lord Palmerston to Lord Derby, plus Mr. Disraeli. So, I suppose, though it is somewhat hazardous to predict, -we shall have another quiet session, much discussion on the law of settlement, on the treatment of convicts, the bombardment of Kagosima, state of the maritime law, the Schlesvrig Holstein question, and the state of Lancashire. Mr. Gladstone will probably, if a European war is averted, have a surplus of some two millions, which it may be presumed will enable him to take another penny off the income tax, and reduce the duty on sugar, if not on tea. Such a Budget would satisfy all reasonable expectation and pass triumphantly. For the rest, who can say what the whirligig of time may bring round ? The health of the Duke of Newcastle has for some time been very delicate, so that he has been unable to attend any of the recent Cabinet Councils. The story goes that his resignation is only a question of time, and that Lord Wodehouse, just returned from his special mission to Copenhagen, or Lord Stanley of Alderly, leaving the Post-office to Lord Wodehouse, will be his successor. His Grace having just returned to town, we shall soon learn how far the report is well founded. I doubt if Lord Palmerston will allow a personage of the Duke's social and political position to leave the Cabinet, if it can possibly be avoided. One of the measures of last session, adopted after much discussion and a protracted opposition, was the Prison Ministers' Act, to enable Magistrates to ap point paid Catholic Chaplains to gaols where pri soners belonging to that persuasion are sufficiently numerous to require such services. During the recess the question has been before many a Bench of Magis trates for practical decision. In several cases, such as Liverpool, in the West Biding and Worcestershire, it has been decided to carry out the Act. Others, such as the Middlesex Magistrates, still hold out on the ground that the prisoners are not numerous enough to require the paid services of a Catholic chaplain, or that Catholic priests have the same facilities for admission to prisoners as ministers of other denominations, and that it is dangerous to endow with public money a body holding the views of the Roman Catholics. But there is a mani fest tendency to abandon these scruples where Roman Catholic prisoners are sufficiently numerous. The altered aspect of affairs is indicated by a remarkable speech delivered hist week by Lord Edward Howard to an audience at Birmingham, comprising two titular bishops and other Catholic leaders of the Midland district. He speaks of Catholic struggles for liberty as ' things which are gone by, is satisfied if he can 'seethe Catholic body not inferior to other bodies of men,' disclaims any proselytizing schemes, recom mends ' the most perfect friendship and kindness to those who do not agree with us,' puts in a good word for education, and has nothing to com plain of, except that 'there still prevails a good deal of feeling against the Catholic religion.' Lord Edward even carries his moderation beyond this, and alludes with something like disapprobation, to certain of his fellow-Catholics who ' wish to see some other things accomplished.' For himself, he de&ires; no other advantage than that which was con ceded in principle by the Prison Ministers Bill — free access for Roman Catholic clergymen to members of their own Church, in gaols, workhouBeB, and public institutions. The Times, in commenting uoon this speech, thus vindicates the peculiar difficulties of the Catholics, and expresses the moat reasonable policy in respect to them : — ' We all agree substantially that such establishments, whether penal or charitable, should not be made the battlefield of rival creeds. The chaplain of the Established Church should confine himself to paupers and criminals who nominally belong to the Church of England ; the rest should be visited by ministers or priests of their own faith. Hardly any one contests this in theory ; the only doubt felt was whether the priest should be invited to attend all Roman Catho lics instead of being only permitted to attend such as might ask' for him. We do not hesitate to adopt Lord Edward's view of this matter, and to maintain that those who, being Roman Catholics, do not send for the priest voluntarily, are probably the very per sons who most need his warnings and instructions. It would be absurd to exclude the most irreligious of Protestant prisoners from the benefit of the chaplain's visits, and it is equally absurd, in our opinion, to exclude the most hardened Roman Catholic prisoners from the ministrations of their own clergy. Lord Edward attributes the reluctance of this class to see a priest to ? shamefacedness, which is to the man's honour,' and it may be that oonfes sion hoB terrors for the impenitent Roman Catholic which we cannot altogether understand. We should prefer, however, to treat it simply as |an evidence of conscious and wilful depravity — a state of mind over which religion has more influence than punishment. Unless, therefore, we are prepared to justify on our own part attempts to proselytize in these cases, priests should be admitted wherever there is a considerable number of Roman Catholics, and unless there had been an apprehension, not altogether groundless, of proselytizing tendencies on their part, there would have been little difference of opinion about it among the county magistrates.' The grave difficulties connected with the punish ment of death have been remarkably illustrated during the present month. It may be remembered that a young man of respectable connexions at Man cheBter was convicted at the recent Derby AsBizeB o the murder of Mies Goodwin, a young lady to who he had for some time been engaged, but who cast him off for an earlier lover. Townley solicited a last in terview with her, then residing at Wigwell Hall with her grandfather, induced her to take a walk with him, cut her throat in a Line with a razor, and then con fessed the deed and helped to carry the dying girl home. At the trial Dr. Winslow gave evidence as to the alleged insanity of the prisoner, which the Judge did not think worthy of serious consideration, and Townley was convicted and sentenced to be hung. But immediate and persistent efforts were made to obtain his reprieve on the ground of insanity, and even Baron Martin thought there was ground for further inquiry as to Townley's sanity. The Home Secretary, therefore, requested the Lunacy Commissioners to investigate the subject. He re ceived their report, which was substantially that Townley was not less sane after his conviction than at the date of his crime, but was not called upon to decide upon it alone, whether the sentence ought to be executed or not, because he received at the same time a document signed by three Justices and two medical men, certifying that Townley was insane. He received a second certificate to the same effect, and on these, in accordance with a little-known Act of Parliament, the prisoner was ordered to be confined in Bethlem Hospital, and his sentence respited. This decision was strongly' denounced at a meeting of the Magistrates of Derby, as enabling Townley to escape by ' means accessible to the rich, but inacces sible to tlie poor,' and a protest in that sense was sent to Sir George Grey, who, in reply, said he was bound to act administratively upon the report sent to him, drawn up in accordance with the Act. But it appears that the same Act allows the Home Secretary to place a criminal lunatic when ever his sanity shall have been ascertained in precisely the same position as to punishment as before. There is a strong belief that Townley is not insane, and it is strongly urged that a new Commission of Inquiry should be issued. This has been demanded with the greater vehemence in consequence of another case of murder in which the criminal was sum marily hung. A man named Wright living in the Waterloo-road, London, murdered his paramour, of whom he was justly jealous, in a fit of passion. His own account of the fetal fray, given but a few hours before death, is, that he was asleep in bed, that Maria Green came and took him by the waistcoat, and said he should not lie sleeping there. Some words ensued, and she threatened to leave him and go with some other man with whom she had cohabited. Upon that he jumped out of bed, and seeing the razor with which he had recently shaved himself lying on the table, he took it up and cut her throat. It was all, he said, the work of a moment. He persisted in pleading ' Guilty,' and was sentenced accordingly. It is possible that, had he employed counsel, he might hare beea found guilty of manslaughter instead of murder, and his life have been spared. The interest, not to say indignation, excited by the respite of : Townley led to the belief that Wright's life would also be spared. Extraordinary efforts to that end were made. The execution at Horsemonger-lane Graol was fixed for Tuesday, January 12. A deputa tion from Southwark and Lambeth pleaded hard with Sir G. Grey, but in vain. When the result was reported to a monster meeting of working-men it was resolved to appeal directly to Mr. Justice Blackburn, who tried the prisoner, and to the Queen herself. Both deputations were unsuccessful. The Judge saw nothing to justify his interference, and the deputation to Windsor Castle were informed that Her Majesty, although deeply regretting the position of the unfor tunate man, Wright, could not constitutionally inter fere with the decision come to by Sir George Grey, after consultation with Mr. Justice Blackburn. Still another deputation waited on Sir G. Grey, late on Monday night, but the Home Secretary, while ex pressing his sympathy with the object, declared that he could not override the law. This was reported to the thousands of people who occupied the streets of Lambeth far into the night of Monday, and excited deep sorrow and indignation. A handbill in the following terms, and with a border in mourning, was extensively circulated in the neighbourhood of Horse monger- lane :- — ' A Solemn Protest against the Execution of Wright. — Men and women of London, abstain from witnessing this sad spectacle of injus tice. Let Calcraft and Co. do their work this time with none but the eye of Heaven to look upon their crime. Let all window shutters be up and window blinds be down for au hour on Tuesday morning in Southwark. Englishmen, shall Wright be hung ? If so there is one law for the rich and another for the poor ?' All this excitement, which pervaded the metropolis generally, alarmed the authorities, and during the night about 1,000 of the metropolitan police, some of them mounted, were posted and held in reserve in the immediate neighborhood of the place of execution, in apprehension of a disturbance, and a rumor was current on Monday night that the military would be called out if necessary. As the event proved, there never was less occasion for more than ordinary pre cautions to maintain order. The houses opposite the gaol, instead of being crowded with spectators, were shut up and the bunds drawn down. There was nevertheless a large crowd, which protested against the execution by yells and execrations, but behaved peaceably. Nine o'clock came, and poor Wright ascended the scaffold without assistance. The moment he was seen1 by the crowd there were loud cries of ' Shame,' ' Judicial murder,' ' Where's Townley?' and great yelling and hooting, which lasted some moments. The conviet appeared touched by the interest taken in him by the crowd, and repeatedly bowed in acknowledgment. The drop at length fell, amid a roar of indignation, and he soon ceased to live. After hanging the usual time the body was cut down, and buried towards evening within the precincts of the prison. On Sunday and Monday he addressed letters in affectionate terms to his mother, and expressing great solicitude about bis two unfor tunate children by a former wife, it is understood. Both in the vicinity of the prison and the neighbor hood in which he had lived blinds were drawn down and shops partially closed in token of his untimely end. This execution has given a great impetus to the reviving feeling against capital punishments, for giving a stimulus to the agitation, against which, a conference is to be held this evening in Meet- street. The Rev. John Graham, Dr. Leifchild's successor at Craven Chapel, London, and one of the foremost Congregational ministers of London, has decided to accept the invitation to the pastorate of the Church and congregation at Sydney, late under the care of Dr. Ross and the Rev. W. Cuthbertson. He will not. however, leave for two or three months. His reasons for coming to this decision are given in an address to the Church and congregation of Craven Chapel, which is in a very prosperous condition, and numbers nearly 1,000 communicants. The paper read by Mr. R. R. Torrens before the Law Amendment Society on the 18th, appears to have excited much interest. Its drift was to explain the points in which the system so successfully in operation in the Australian colonies differs from that of Lord Westbury's, and the Irish Estates Court Act. It would seem that the Lord Chancellor, on the principle that half a loaf is better than none at all, put as much in his measure as he could hope to carry, and of course it is very defective. Lord Westbury is anxious to improve his Act, and will, it is hoped, bring in a supplementary Bill for that purpose. Mr. Daniels, Q.C., not only expressed his full approval of Mr. Torrens' s plan, but said it was a revival in principle of the ancient law of this country. Mr. Webster, Q. C, strongly urged its appli cation to Ireland as a peculiarly favourable field for the experiment. Mr. Hastings suggested the passing of an Act embodying the system, which might then be brought into operation by order in Council ; and a native of Ceylon, and member of the Council for that island, said that a measure almost identical has been passed there. In replying to questions, Mr. Torrens said that he had already pre pared a Bill for applying his system as supplementary to the Irish Estate Courts Act, and was not without expectation that it might become law. It would cer tainly be a feather in the cap of South Australia, and of its Registrar-General, to be the means of furnish ing the mother country with a model law for facilita ting the registration of titles to, and the transfer of, land. But the recent discussion between Mr. Delane and Mr. Cobden shows that there are great difficulties in the way of such changes. The French people seem to be decidedly awaking to the consternation of the entourage that crowd around the Tuilleries, and wonder, like the beadle when Oliver Twist asked for more treacle or oatmeal — I forget which — what their countrymen can want with freedom. M.M. Thiers and Berryer, such is the force of intellect united with a high reputation and independence, took even the corps Legislatif by storm. Even the liveried servants of the Emperor were excited by and cheered the weighty periods and pointed eloquence of these renowned orators ; the public of Paris regularly mobbed the Legislative Chamber for admission, or crowded to the mairet to read in full M. Thiers' speech in the Moniteur. Each time he spoke, the Ex-Minister grew bolder in his utterances, and M. Rouher shows himself a veritable pigmy by his side when he simply indulges in recrimi nation. The language of the Emperor in addressing the new Cardinal shows that the new spirit rising up in the Corps Legislatif causes him disquietude, though in expressing his astonishment at seeing ' men hardly escaped from shipwreck summon once more the winds and waves to their assistance,' he tacitly confesses that France is little improved by his long regime. How far the now formidable Opposition in the Chamber represents French opinion, remains to be seen. If it be but the index of a revived love of freedom, the Emperor will probably disarm it by timely concessions. M. Thiers is not, after all, a very desirable French leader. He is not only a thorough Protectionist, but glories in that ramified system of centralization which becomes an instrument of despo tism in the hands of the ruling power, whether Imperialist, Orleanist, or Republican. The Ocean Chief sailed from Plymouth for Ade laide on the 4th instant with 355 souls, equal to 314 statute adults, on board. Of these emigrants 171 are English, 145 Scotch, and 60 Irish. There are 44 married couples, 109 single men, 85 single women, 32 boys, 33 girls, and 4 infants. This ship follows the Utopia, of which you have already been advised, and will be followed by another vessel about the end of February. I may also say that numerous enquiries have been made at the South Australian Office relative to the allotment of the 250,000 acres of land in Northern Australia. Next month I hope to report further on the subject. I have left till the latest moment any comment on the extraordinary Schleswig- Holstein question, the aspect of which has more than once changed during the month. The last mail left the army of occupa tion, consisting of Saxon and Hanoverian troops, in possession of Holstein. Then came the proposal of a Conference by Earl Russell, which the German Confederation declined. The question then took this shape, ' Was the majority of the Diet to be allowed to make war on its own account on Denmark, and obtain the independence of the two Duchies in viola tion of the treaty of 1852.' Austria and Prussia, who signed that treaty, resolved otherwise, and submitted a joint resolution to the Diet for a joint occuppation of Schleswig unless the King of Denmark abrogated, the common constitution of November last, which Germany regards as tending to destroy the autonomy of Schleswig. To the general surprise, the two great German Powers were beaten by a combination of the minor States, and forthwith announced that they should act alone in their capacity as independent Powers. A peremptory summons was sent to Den mark, and preparations made for sending an Austro Pf ussian army of some 60,000 men to the banks of the Eider. Some of the minor States, Saxony in particular, protested, and there has been talk of raising their armies to a war footing to resist the dic tation of the Courts of Vienna and Berlin. But nothing has come of these threats. The troops of the two Powers are being sent north as fast as possible, and the military force in Holstein has been removed out of the way for them. On the arrival of the Prussians at Kiel, Prince Frederick of Augustenburg was reduced to the position of a pri vate citizen, and the population looked on in silence. Meanwhile the other Powers, England especially, have continued their pressure upon the King of Den mark, and though he at first rejected the ultimatum of Austria and Prussia, a Berlin telegram yesterday stated — The Danish Government has requested a delay to enable it to assemble the Rigsraad before replying definitely to the summons of Austria and Prussia. By the aid of the Rigsraad the Danish Government will withdraw the November constitu tion, and afterwards fulfil its engagement of 1851-52 towards Germany. In case of acceptance of this pro* position of Denmark, it is probable that the Austro Prussian troops will not pass the Eider.' A month would be necessary to enable the Rigsraad to assemble. Great was the relief felt on our Stock Exchange md Ministerial circles at this news ; but before even Ing it was announced that Her Majesty's Government lad received information that Austria and Prussia positively refuse to suspend or delay the entry of their troops into Schleswig. This seems to indicate that war is inevitable ; but not until the 3rd of Feb ruary will the Austro-Prussian troops be in a position bo cross into Schleswig, and before that time there is tto doubt that France as well as England will bring the utmost pressure to bear upon these Powers to prevent them embarking in war. The frost has broken up, and enables the Danes to avail themselves to the full of their formidable position on the Dannewerk, and, if necessary, to flood the country. I have no doubt that the correspondent of the Times at Kiel speaks truly when he says that it is only necessary for the Emperor Napoleon to lift his little finger to prevent the Ger mans from crossing the Eyder. ' So surely,' says the Post, ' as the Germans cross the Eyder, so surely will they array against them the arms of England ; so certainly will they find the soldiers of France pre sently moving on the Rhine, and the forces of Italy on the Venetian frontier. We cannot too often repeat the names of Hungary and Poland. The statesmen of Austria and Prussia treat them as if they were mere Pepper's ghosts, instead of being earnest solid nations, eager to rise, and to fight for freedom and independence. Calamity upon cala mity will surely fall upon the authors of this war if once it is brought about. We therefore, while there is yet time, seek most anxiously to impress upon the German Governments the fearful extent of the re sponsibility which they seem so ready to assume. The peace of Europe, upon which the prosperity and well-being of all depend, is a sacrod trust chiefly committed to the hands of the great Powers. If by them it is violated and destroyed, those who perpe trate the crime will have to pay the penalty. Aggres sion and tyranny will be defeated and punished, and those who shed blood in a wanton and unjust quarrel will find that in the last reckoning they themselves will be chief sufferers.' The Times also says : — ' The Prussians and Aus trians are only just making their way to the scene of action, and some time longer must be. necessary for the transport of supplies and munitions of war. With the telegraph and railway the European Governments can communicate with each other, and resolve on common action before the Prussians and Austrians have carried their egressions to the length of shedding blood. No means should be neglected to prevent so great a calamity. It may be that the two powers are not indisposed, after all, to come to terms, and that having maintained their dignity by refusing delay to Denmark, they may be willing to acquiesce in it when it is urged by European opinion. In that case things may still go well ; but it is evi dent that a single false step at this crisis may lead to very serious events.' 