SUMMARY. The excitement which existed in Sydney during the last ten days has now been trans ferred to the suburban and country constituen cies. Candidates spring up like mushrooms, day-fey-day and there is no telling in this free and easy country who may become an aspirant for Legislative honors. This week will . witness the nominations for eighteen constituencies and the polling for 12. For Canterbury, Mr. Raper, Mr. Beer, Alderman Oatley, Mr.'Lyons, Mr. Rb berts, Mr; Lucas and a Mr. Rider were proposed on Saturday, the latter candidate disgracing himself by his buffoonery and vulgarity. Two candidates are to be chosen, and at the present Messrs. Lucas and Oatley are the favourites. The battle fer St. Leonards will be fought today between Messrs. Sayer3 and Tusks, the former going in thoroughly for free-trade, and the latter favouring modified protection to native industry. Considerable spirit is shown in the Electorate. Mr. Rotton, the late member for Hartley, has forsaken his old love, the show of hands, at th« nomination being against him; probably he intends to fall back upon Bathurst, but in this we think he has not acted wisely — the show of hands in few cases being a guide to the senti ments of the Electors, and Bathurst we observe by an influential requisition has already invited Mr. J. R. Kemp, one of the active secretaries of Mr, Cowper's Central Committee, to come forward. At the Lower Hunter (Raymond Terrece) party feeling runs very high between the inhabitants respecting the candidates* I Messrs. Wisdom and Jacob, the Cowper party I' supporting the latter, not that they love him I ttore, but that they love the other le3S on ac 1 (sount of the trick he played in turning them out I o! office, when he gave his casting vote as 1 Chairman of Committees. The nomination took place ou Monday, and was in ?favour of Wisdom. On the same day the nomination for the Williams also took place and the returnin^-officer declared in favour of Mr. Manton. It is more than probable that Messrs. Burdekin and Manton whose sentiments q public matters are nearly identical will allow [r. Allen to slip in, which we should look upon i very unfortunate indeed. Tho nomination )r Newtown took place yesterday when Mr. Irown was returned without opposition. It »as reported that Mr. Dalgleish would put in an f pearance against Mr. Brown, but the latter has een so long in the field that his opponent had ot the slightest chance of success. We hear of hoalhaven as the ultimate Port of Refuge for Ir, Dalgleish. Considerable interest is excited ispecting the election for the Paterson, Mr. lagar having bearded the lion in that elector te. Mr. Arnold has so long looked upon this lectorate as a poeket borough, that some per ms are disposed to regard the treasurer's ttempt as futile whilst . those who know and ave felt the effects of the late ministers omineering disposition consider that he will be ispJaced by a candidate of any standing. Mr. Hlson, the Minister for Lands, has appealed t@ e electors of Patrick's Plains, rather a strange ace for the. Honorable gentleman to bend his Bp9 to. He is opposed by Mr. 3. G. Waller ao is under the special tutelage and guardian - ip of the turnout able John Robertson. Mr. obertson thinks that his attentions ought to be wticularly directed to Mr. Wilson and we may spect to see a very pretty fight indeed. In the ottb and south matters are quiet. Political eelujg has not reached its culminating point, ttr, Alexander is pretty certain for Goulburn ilthongh opposed by an old and worthy resident, Hr.P, Dignam. Argyle is coquetting with her .ate candidate Mr. Eraanuel, probably keeping the seat open for Mr. Martin in the evout of his being unsuccessful at the Tumut. Mr. Faucott baa received a requiation from YaM whilst the Free Trade Association has nominated Mr. Harbottle for tho same constituency. Mr. F. Lee, a staunch liberal and' free trader, has also intimated bis intention of con testing that electorate. At East Maequarie, u unnecssary amount of personal abase has been indulged in, and published by the local papers in utter disregard of the law of libel. One candidate is charged with having sold hi » vote in expectation of a pecuniary recompence, which of course is denied by him and his frienda. Another is spoken of as ' holding opinions de cidedly atheistical' and as having 'from his place' denounced ministers of religion as ' teachers of falsehood and propagators of men dacity,' surely it is not necessary to resort to such abuse in discussing the qualifications of re presentatives. One of the most amusing things in connection with the elections is that a candidate not a hundred miles from Goulburn has addressed a letter to a gentleman who may be expected to hold the office of Prime Minister in a future ad ministration modestly offering to accept the office of secietary for Public Works in the event of being successful in his election ! The event is so doubtful that we fear said Prime Minister will never have the opportunity of estimating the candidate at his own worth. Mr. Lackey it appears from the part he took in the late parliament has been received so coldly at Braidwood, that he has resigned his candida ture, and Mr, Josephson's chances are fair although another candidate is still looked for. No eligible person has yet presented himself for the Southern Gold Fields. The Bathurst Free Press speaking of the Western says:— -Mr. Stephen Donnelly will be sent to represent the Western Gold-fields. Mr. Innes seems not to have the ghost of a chance.' It is estimated that there are at present thirty-two Ministerial; ists, forty- three Oppositionists, and twenty -two doubtful candidates in the field. Turning to another phase of politics we observe, that in the new Parliament of Victoria a Land Bill has been introduced, closely ap proximating in principles to our own, except that free selection is to be ovar 'proclaimsd areas after survey.' The purchase money is to be 20s. per acre, or lease for 5 years at 2s. per acre, the .lessee to make improvements to the value of £1 per acre within two years. No assignment will be allowed during that term. Lessees will be allowed to purchase at the upset price after one year's tenancy. Non residents will be allowed to purchase at auction. Lands not proclaimed for selection will be disposed of by auction. The bill, which is far superior to the one introduced by Mr* Duffy, also provides for the increase and decrease of rents so as to check fraudulent and unjust awards. With the strength of the present Government there is no doubt but that the bill will be carried in its in tegrity. In South Australia a crisis has occurred upon the question of the increased assessment upon squatters runs in accordance with Mr. Goyders valuation. The Government upheld that valua tion but were defeated in Parliament. They tendered their resignation which Sir Dominio Daly refused to accept. Hence an appeal to the country becomes necessary. It is but a prelude of what we may expect here next year, when the squatters 14 years leases will fall in. There is no doubt that a much larger revenue than exists at preseat mu3t be obtained from that source. Justice is properly represented blind, but we observe .that the inhabitants of Condobolin, which is occasionally enlivened by the inroads of bushrangers, complain that the assumes other positions of helplessness and.inefficiency. They state through their recognised' correspondent that for the last three years she has been in a state of coma or trance owing to the impossi bility of getting two magistrates together at any one period to transact public business although three reside in the neighbourhood. Surely this is a matter that the Colonial Seove tary might well look to. A nautical correspondent in Saturday's Herald draws attention to the want that exists in the colony of a Marine Board who could grant certificates of competency in service to matters and mates of ships registered in the colony. The complaint is a just one since under the present state of the lair men who are well qualified by their long service here hare to go home and serve the required time as second and ::hicf officers before they can pass as masters. Whilst. if they remain in the colony and by, meritorious services rise to the command of a vessel they run the chance of being superseded by some youngster holding a masters certificate but who has had no colonial experience. It is gratifying always to observe the amica ble relations that exist between employers and the employed and we notice with pleasure that on Wednesday last, St Andrew's day- Mr. Vickery, whose peg top boot and shoe ware house is so well known, entertained his employes to the number of seventy-five, at his residence Waverley, where they employed themselves from morn to dewy eve in a series of pastimes. If rwe are superior to Victoria in many natural advantages we are inferior in social ones, and in the race for supremacy we allow her to get ahead. The last improvement we observe is that she is connecting all the public depart ments with the telegraphic wire. Wheatstone small printing apparatus will be the instrument used and will not involve the necessity of any particular skill in working it. A great saving of time will thus be effected and the dispatch of business facilitated. A correspondent of the Herald, Mr. John Thomas Smith, writing from Richmond, seems to solve the disputed question of the cause of rust in wheat. He states that it is occasioned by a small red or rust coloured grub which burrows into the leaf and dies there. The rust, he adds, is the refuse of the grub and the reason of wheat dying is occasioned by the constant bleeding of the rust-grub. The morning is the best time to observe the devastating operation,, The refinement to which colonial art has been brought may in one branch of our manufactures be seen at Mty-Lenehan'a establishment in Castlereagh street, wht^ghe has just completed to order a beau tifully fin'.s'ai'd bedstead of colonial rosewood. The posts and cornices are extremely rich with carved shields, &u.; The cost of the article will be from £70 to £80. How different to the elegant simpli city of Russian saloons where air mattresses are in general use and ' are folded sad placed in recesses leaving no trace by day of a sleeping apartment. Perhaps we are superior to them in civilisation. Perhaps not. The Goulburn Herald states that on Monday last a disturbance took place in the gaol at Berrima, when, several of the more desperate prisoners non fined there attempted to escape. Fifteen were placed in irens and returned to separate cells. The in secure state of the goal is evident from the fact tha several of the prisoners were able to thrust open their doora from the inside and escape into the corridor^ \\]A. most diabolical attempt to bury a Chinaman alive was made on Monday at ,'the Victoria Hill, Burraagong, by a white man and a half-caste. The Chiuaman and his mate were at work on the claim — one at the windlass, the other (Ah Hoo) in the drive when the two men above alluded to came upon them. The top man was driven away and then the two miscreants proceeded to fill up the shaft with dirt. Ah, Hoo was subsequently rescutd, but surely the police authorities will not allow this deliberate attempt at murder to go unpunished. Our local Acclimatisation Society held its usual monthly meeting on Monday, when several subjects of an interesting nature were discussed. Among others Dr. Bennett read a letter from Mr. Smith of Hinton it* reference to the rust in wheat and method for avoiding it. This letter is published in a pamphlet form and may be had at Mr. Moore's, bookseller,: George.street- A letter was also read from Mr. -Townsend, county Cerk, recommending the cultivation of furxe or gorse in Australia as food for c&itle; which was well received* A conver sation took place respecting the Golden Lily of Japan, discovered in the autum of 1861 near Yoko hanna, aniwkich hat lately been introduced bert by Mr. Veitc^. Dr. Bennett also afforded a brief notice q* that most beautiful of birds, tht Monal or Impeyan Pheasant which has lately been added to eur collsauoa in the public aviary. He described it ii a nature of the Himalayas, on* of the most magnificeajk »f its tribe and now for the first time intredasedjoto the Southern Hemisphere. Several ??w netttKiM were admitted* i We regret to state that tha accident to Ms Miller, assayer ia the Sydney Mint, has resnlted in the amputation of his leg. , : During the last month the receipts from the customs show an increase of 25 per cent. over-, those of the corresponding month of 1863, being £45,721 12s. 6d. and £33,572 9a. 4d. a difference of £7,148 13s. 2d. but taking the 11 months of ' 1863 compared to those of 1864, there is a de crease of £108,000 or 18£ per cent. In the gold re turns we have also a falling off of 2,533 ozs. for the month of November, and during the eleven months the deficiency is 111,852 ozs. or 28 per ' cant. FtTBior/s Attack.-— On Tuesday night last at constable M'Evoy was walking along Howick-strees his suspicions were excited by observing a man in the aofc of examining the door of one of the houses near the bridge. As the constable stepped up, the man endeavoured to elude a scrutiny, and made an effort to get away. In his hurry he let fall a bundle, and not willing to lose it he stopped. The constable stooped to piok up the bundle, when the man immediately stabbed him with a dagger knife. M'Evoy then closed with the assassin, who barbarously prodded the dagger into the groin of the constable. M'Evoy however persevered, though in the scuffle he was wounded in the hand ; he succeeded in throwing the villain (who he per ceived was a Chinaman) and placing his wrists under lock and key. Though M'Evoy felt weak from loss of blood and the violence of the struggle, he contrived to keep fcbe Chinaman under and for some time lay upon him to keep him down. The cunning of the Mongolian led him to feign being either reduced by weakness, or to be dead, Tha manoeuvre was so far successful as to induce the oonstable to leave his charge for assistance. This was quite snfficieat for John Chinaman ; for as soon as he felt relieved from the bodily presence ?, an 3 pressure of his conqueror, he came to Jife agaio and decamper aumtot ; clearing a fence, and leaving the handcuffs behind him; these were * afterwards found not far from the scene of the outrage. M'Eroy, though suffering seriously from the wounds, was yesterday reported out of danger. No clue has been discovered to the Chinaman.s retreat — Bathurst Free Press. The Weatheb. — This is oertainly a most extraordinary season ; at the commencement of last week the temperature was warm and genial, and betokened the rapid approaoh of summer, but on Saturday a most extraordinary change took place. The morning was ushered in by a heavy gale from the eastward, whioh. blew as cold a& winter. This oontinued all day, aocompaniej occasionally by showers of sleet, and the ranges to the westward of the town were capped with snow* On Sunday the gale continued, and raised such clouds of dust that it was a perfect misery to venture from the house. The natural consequence of these parching winds is becoming apparent by the manner in which the herbage is being dried up. A little rain fell on Sunday evening, but not enough to counteract the effeofc of the previous parching wmda.—Braidwood News, Fatal RE3trc.T of a Mail Accident.— A few months ago Mr. C. Rogers of this town wae thrown from the Jugiong and Gundagai mail-coach ' and received severe internal and external injuries. He partially recovered ; and the question of corn pensation being referred to arbitration, the coaoh proprietor, Mr. Sheahan, was a week or two adjudged to pay £250. Last week, however, the : unfavourable symptons connected with the internal injuries Mr. flogers had reoeived returned, and after lingering some days he died on Thursday night last. As an instance of the advantages of life assurance it may be mentioned that a few months before meeting with the accident Mr, Rogers had assured bis life for 500.— Goulburn, Herald. Irish National League.— We have to remind the members of this association that the usual weekly meetings will re-commence this even ing at Mr. Kearney's, Colonnade Hotel, King and Castlereagh streets. Now that the excitement of the elections is over, the members will again meet to further the object which the League basin view* We tiust there will be a full attendance. Monday's Eerald thus gives the principal features of the new Viotorian Land Bill :— The new Land Bill has been published. It provides for free ?election over proclaimed areas after survey at 20s. far acr«, or least for five years at 2s. per acre, the ssiee to make improvements to the value of £1 per acre within two yean. No assignment will be allowed during the first two years of occupancy. Lessees will be allowed to purchase at the upset price after one years tuaney. Non residents will be allowed to purchase at auetiea. Lands not pro iairned fer selection will bedispoied of by aaetioa. The Bill alae provides for the increase aed decrease of rents, «o as to check fraudulent, moaioui, and BDJmt ava?d» by aibitratioa. 