MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. (il M THE PAPERS DY THE JANCRÏ WA.XL ) . ,' ' A detachment of ' troops," Baye tbe Jfieto York World, " roocttly Bloating in tbs Talley of the Snake or Lewis fo'k of .tbe' Columbia discovered a waterfall, wbiob, it is said, is 'entitled' to tbe dlsinotfon of being called the nroatest In the" world. Tbe entire volume of Soaks Rivpr poors over a Bboer preoipioe 108 feet high, 88 feet higher than NI« g ira. Snake River ie foll; as Urge as tba Niagara; and the oroide is one solid sheet or body. Tbe looality of tbls immense waterfall is near tbe'peint hrretrfore designated as tbe Great Sbosbone or Salmon Falls of that river, bat 'hey have always baen enveloped in mystery, Almost a dozen years ago the writer parsed along the Snake Biver-road; For two days ire beard tbe roaring'of these- fallP, bat learned no more respeotiog 'them tban if they bal 'been'in the moon.' It was"Bald tbat tbere were a ¡series of falls and'rapids,' mabins a descent bf 700 feot in 7 m;lei>, and the sound gave colour to tba1 report, For hundreds, of miles aoresa tbe great plain Snake Elver, flows through a canon, with vertical walls hundreds of feet high. It is only at lons intervals - that1 Balient points are found by whioh the river oan be reaouedi Tbe road crosses from point to poir.t of the bends, only approoebiog close lo the river where there1 is a chunca to deseend for water. From these foots very few, if DDT, of the tens of thousands of Adventurer's tbat have crossed 'the plaina have ever looked apon the great falls. The late discoverers report, besiJe the main cataraot, many others of less height, varying froor twenty feet to fifty feet etch, near .by. Some day they will be visited by the tourist-and 'pleasure*seeker, and - looked 'upod aa frequently and familiarly os Niagara ls to-day ;>od it will be admitted that,' with' tba stupendous grandeur' of 'their snr. roundings, they are aa far beyond Nioglira as Nilgara no» excels tb» búlanos of ibo world." " The'most sear'ebÎDg investigation'has been made by the LordsOf the Admiralty loto, all'the oirauuuBtanoes attending the equipment, fl'ting out, and departure from the Nore :of the Confederate privateer Rappahannoch, formerly her Majesty's m'rW gun.vessel Victor, 6, 350* horsepower, attached t> the'Chatham steam'reserve equadrou. The oendoot of certain of the dook, yard ofBoialp, who, there is reason; to believe, allowed themselves to became Implicated in the fitting ont of the Victor after th) bad ceased to be a Government vessel, IB nov under the consideration of the Admiralty, and a rumour has baen current at Chatham that two of the number, both of ' whom, bold responsible offices in Sheerness dockyard,' would ba called on to resign their appointments to avoid their dismissal from her Ma. jesty's ; service. ' With regard to tbe other vessels attached to'tba Chatham Steam Reserve; whioh "are ordered to be sold out of tho servioe, snob precautions are dlreoted to be taken that no apprehension need; be entertained of any of. tue number falliog - into' the bands of persons who-1 will use them so as to again .violate the neutrality láwB.' i . ... ; . We select.tbe,following; from a contemporary :-Tho oldest duke IB the'Dahê of 'Cleveland," aged 75 ; the youngest, tbe Duke of Norfolk, aged 10 ; the oldest mar. q lia, tho Marquis of Westmeath, aged 78; tba youngest, the Marquis 'of Ely,' aged ll ; tbe oldest- earl, (since the death of the Earl of Charlemont, on the 26th of Decem- ber, »ged 83), is the Earl of Stair, aged 87; the youngest, the Earl of Charleville, egad ll; the oldest viscount, Vlsooaot Combermere, »ged 90 ; tbe youngest, Viscount Downe', aged.'19.'; the' oldest Biron is Lord Brougham, aged 85; the youngest. Lord Rossmore, aged 13 ; the oldest member of tbe Privy Gounoil is Viscount Com- bermere, aged 00; tbe youngest, the1 Priooe of Wales, aged 32 ; the!oldest momberoi the Souse of Commons is. General Hon, Sir EUR h Arbutbnotr, member for Ki'noardineshire, BR ed 81 ; the youngest Is the Hon,. Charles B. D, H. Tracy, ' member for Mont, gomery, " aged, 23 ; the oldoat Judge in England is the Right Hon. Stechen lushington, aged 81 ; tbe youngest Sir James P. Wilde, aged 47 ; tbe oldeBt Judge in Ire« land ia Chief Justice Lefroy, aged 87; tba ysnngest, Justioo.Keogh, aged 46;. tbe oldest Sootob Lord of session is' tba Lord Justice General,' aged 70; the j youngest, tbe Lord ' Justice Clerk;"aged ' 63 ; ' tbe'olden' Archbishop is tbe Archbishop of Canterbury, aged 00; the youngest, the Arohbishop of York; aged 44; the oldest Bistiop is the. Biihop'of Exeter, «ged80; the youngPB'; the BiBbop ot Gloucester and Bristol, egad 44 ; tbe oldest Colonial Biibop ÍB the Bishop of Toronto, aged 81; the yo'ungett. the tiiehop of Nassau, aged 37; the oldest Baronet is Sir William Dalling, aged 80; the youngest, Sir George R. Sitwoll, aged 8 ; tbe oldest civil or military knight is General Sir Arthur B Clifton, aged Ol ; tue youngest, Sir Charles T. Brigh'. aged 31, ft appears also from tho same publioaiion that'the House pf Peers'at present oohsMs of 1 prlnoe, 2 royal dukes. SBiohbisbops, 21 dakar, 30 marquises,.169 earls, 30 viscounts, 27 bishops,and 160 barons; As tbe Bishop i ol Bath and Wells tiU also ai Baton Auckland, the total number of peers ia 134. Tbere are aWo 20 peera who are minors, and 14 peeresses.in their own right. There are 113 peers of Scotland, and Ireland (or whom'Care minors),. who are.not peers of Parliament. There are i 213. members of the Privy Connoil ; and the archbishops, bishops, colonial bishops, bishops of tbe Sooioh Eplaoo ! pal Ctiarcb,. and retired bishops number,ll; tbere are .55 baronets, 468 oivil and military knights, 100 noble- men and baronets who »re knights pf the various orders, 734 companions; of the Order of tbe Bitb, 5 field-mar- shals, 408 generals in the army, 808 generals in the Indian army, 330 admirals in the navy, and 156 Qaoen'fl connBCI and sergeants.at.law. \- Mr. Thackeray's name continues to occupy a large space in the public printB. and will he a subject of ira- qien t oommout for months to come. "The provincial ti esq teams with reminiscences and memoirs. Tho nexi great flood of commentary will, rush in with' the Magazines, And then the Quarterlies. And then tho Life, Portraits abonn-'j good, bad, and indifflereot. An excellent one appears in tbe Illustrated Ntwi, .whioh bas the great and unusual merit of being true lo his oharao . er aa.well aa bis features. Statuettes are in preraration, aid one may bs looked for by.a Sootob sonlptox from a drawing by Millals. Durham has promised a marble bast of par great writer to bs plaoed in the Garrick Club,' where his presence was always bailed SB a burst of suc sbine. A charming sketch of him by Ward is tobe photographed and published. The affaolion . of'tba pub'io for bis memory will not stop with paoegyric. Al statue is already Bpoken of. and . a committee wil sps dlly be formed to osrry it inti exeoution : J From the multitude of aitioles wbloa have been puc I lisbed on .Thackeray, all ogreeing In their bornage, to the ! geniality ol his natara and the wealth of his genius, we stloot for extraot a few passages io an excellent raper written by Mr. JaoxsHannay. '"Vanity Fa'r,*" says Mr. Haunay, " always, we think, ranked in. bis own mind as bea' jD ,(0ry af his greater books; and be once pointed ont to HB tbe very boase in Ruasell-equare :. where : his imaginary. Sedleys lived-a.oarloua proof of the" .reality" hi« creations had for bis mind." Respecting Thackeray's a .teB and preferences in satirio literature-*' Here," aayB iba writer, "ia a obaraoterislio fragment from one of bis letters, writfôa. in August 1854; and now ¡bsfore ns t -' I hate Juvenal/- ha says,-.* I mean I think bim a tru- culent brute, and I love Horaoe better than you do, and rate Cburobill much lower; and as:for:Swift, you haven't made me alter my ; opinion, . I admire^ or' rather -admit, ,bis power BB muoh as you do.; but I don't, admire that hindi, of .power, BO. muoh as. I did fifteen years ago, or twenty shall we say. . Lote: is a higher intellectual exeroiae Ihsn hatred ; and when you bave one or two more of those young ones you write so pleasantly about, you'll come over to tbs side of the kind wigB. I tbiok, rather than the oruel ones.' In private, thiB great s»tiriRt, whose aspeot in a crowd was often poe of austere politeness and reserve, unbent into a familiar mu; «fe whioh Boméhow'one'seldom finds in the demons stratlrely genial.; And. this was. the ' moro'obarming and preoiouB that it rjae-ted'on agaa's of severe and profound reflaotion, heforo the glance of- Whioh all that waa dark and Serious In tnan'd'life. and'prospeots lay'open. Tba gravity of) (bat [ white head, .'with ;its" noble brow, and thoughtful.face fall of feeling and meaning, enhanoed the piquancy - of bli playfulness, " and ?' of " tha little pw ada al Jrevelá.tiona*. whioh'" oa'me'' '.with such!'a graso from the depths ' of 'his''kindly nature; When we opngralalatod-. bim, many yeats ago, on , Jfcbe . ,tou<sh '1'in'1 Vanity Fait', in which Becky ' admire»1' \ ber .husband ' when, ne , is., giving Lord Steyoe the obaBtisement which' ruins Tier ,'for . life, ' ' Well,' he said,,' when I wrc.fra the sentence,' I -slipped my fist of) tho'.fable, .and Bali1 that la's ton oh of gehlus" Tba inoldentisa ti illa, bat lt.will reveal, we'ouspeet,' an element of fervour, ail well aaa heartiness1 ol frankness in r'uoprding the fervbuir, both' ëqri'ally',' ot variance ¡with: fhe.va'gar'oorjoeptian bf bim. This irankntai and bon hommie made bim delightful In a t«/s a tete, and gave a pleasant human IWonr to talk full of renee, and wisdom Bnd'experienoe,'and lighted np by th« rslety of the true London mBu of the world.. .Tbongh he said witty things now oud thoo, he waa not a wit in the sonso In wbiob Jerrold wnp, and hecompl-ined sometimes that bis best things.oooored to bim af (er tho occasion had gone by. He shone mont- sis in his' books-In little subtle remarks on lifo, end little descriptivo aketobes suggested by the talk.' ~ We remember, In particular, one evening, after a dinner patty at bis bouse, a fanoy picture he drew ot Shakespeare daring bia last years al Stratford, Bitting , oat ia' the summit Afternoon, watching tho people,, which' all who beard lt,,briel as lt.WOB, tioaght ,equal,tc»,(he ' best things in bis leoturep.* ' But lt wti not foi'this eon' 1 of.tilent-rarely exerted by bim- that'people admired i hin conversation. They admired, abovo oil, tba broad sagacity,- sharp insight, large end tolerant liberality; wbioh marked bim aa one wbo was a sage as well BBB storyteller, and whose etories were'valuable because he was a BagS.» ''* ' i There ÍB manu gosilp1 in literary circle B abnnt a noté which Mr. Dickens appended in AU the Year Sound to tho last chapter of Mr. Charles Be «de's story ol ".Viry Hard,G.Bb." The Btory deals with the subject of Insanity and certain defeots'w'hioh Mr. Rea-'o believes habas dis« oovered in the Law ol Lansoy. In the Oourao of the story Mr. Dickens1 expressed in afoot-nota his- lissent 'from certain aspersions oust by Mr. Bsada on the .Com« missioners in Lnnaoy, and when the Btory was oonoirided be thus farther relieved himself from all susploion of complicity in Mr. Beadb's opinions. To render Ibo note more oonspiouou'i it waa printed in oa'oital leitete : " Note.-The stiUments,and oploiona of this journal generally are, of course, lo be received SB tbe statements end oploiona of its aonduotor. ' Bat this is'not so in the ( óaBO of a work of fiction first pablisbed in these pages as a serial story, with the name of an eminent writer attached to it.- When one of my literary brothers does mathe, honour to jundertake Booh a task, I bold that he executes, it on . bia own personal responsibility,''and for the sustainment of bis own reputuon;' and'I do not consider myself 'at libertyto exercise that oonlrol over his text, which I claim' as to other OJUtributione. CHARLES DICKENS-if The question that coro >rns literal taro io this mutter is ¿ot whether Mr. Dickens cgrees . with Mr. Beide,' or doos not agree with bim, bat whether 'Mr'. Dicken*, aa tbe'editor of a miscellaneous populur serial,' which: pretends Uno particular opinions on anv Babj'ot, whioh ia neither political nororitical, and ia wbioh every writer stands on bis own pedestal, and ia re- sponsible for his own productions, is, or ia not, J (ratified in appending tbe sort bf disclaimer at the end ol a contri, button which be bas accepted and published f As far as we báve been able to ascertain the oarrent of opinion. It runs agrinst Mr. DiekenB, and weare bound to , say we think it rqnB in the right direction. , Á new'discovery,- or rather application, of photography has been made by a Mr. W. S.SbirraB, of Aberdeen, who ie busy transferring photographs from paper to ohine. Tbe portraits are quite perfeot. It may now be expeoted to see household tea services adorned with th« likenesses of one's friends. It would be an Improvement il the cup were prepared, photographically, so BB ta take the like neaaof the person while he was sipping his bobea. To fix photographic pictures, a solution of the bypoBul. phite of soda bas been th's common agent employed. In ibis the ' pioturo ls treated, and is thus prevented from ' changing.. Toe days of this-agent in photography, are numbered, and solphocyanide of ammonium will take its piece as a superior agent, by the nee of whioh a faded positivé picture will he unknown. Tbe original souro* of tba oyaride ol ammonium is thlok tarry liquid rernaio iog afier the separation of the free ammooiunia from gin liquor ; this has long been known to contain large quan. tities'of sufpböoy'anlde of ammonia n, bat hitherto ell attempts to separate it from the impurities which aooom. pany it have ft iled. - Near the site ot the once-famous Priory at Newstead there have jast been discovered some interesting relics. They were bared by labourers employed in making a ne» oarriage drive from the Um igton road to tbe Earl of Lindsey's residence in tba park. Tbese .relics consist of a portion of a Btatue, 'representing a warrior of the lime of Henry III., aa exhibited in the chain mail pf that period ; an anolent freeatone. floor, probably ptrt of ab ambulatory; a great .quantity of window traoery of the ll'b aentury; and some 'small jamb sba tí of the 13th century, A portion of these speoimens have been takeb. np and preserved. Other relias will probably be Eared as tbe work proceeds, , : . Aa some workmen-were lately employed in digging for,the foundation of a house opposite tbe Ohuroh of St. Vindent, "at Bonan, they discovered the remains of an old: Bomen road leading to t'be river. ' Same traeos of it bad been before sean when, the large sewer »as formed io the Rae de l'Imperatrioe, and some Bomen coiner and pieoeB of pottery were found., In . clearing away the ground near the part of road now discovered, one of the workmen found a large silver ooin, of tbe Cirlovlngi in period, bat, unfortunately, in'attempting to espírate lt ' from-the i hard: blook'of earth to which it was it ached, the coln, being much cxydi ted, broke in two, and-one part was lost. An q'teotive .examination of the portion1 preserved shows that it belonged to the reign of L-.ula le Djbonniire, one of the eons of the Emperor Obirle ma'gne.- ¡ MUTINY ON SnrPBUHD.-On December 37, ten men, forming part of tbe or pw of tbe ship Golden Eagle, bound trom Liverpool for Sydney, with passengers and cargo I 'were apprehended.on board, that vessel, in tbe Mersey, for mutinous ' conduct at sea, and for committing an assault upon tbe master, Captain Martin. Tbe captain sla'es that tba ship sailel from Liverpool, and proceeded to Holyhead. The orew . mutinied at Ibis point, and ' secured tbe captain by tyiog his arms and legs witb ropes, and locked him np in bia oabin, plaoing a sentry at tbe door to prevent hil escape. The crew then appro- priated some muskets and cutlasses, and thus obtained completo command of the ship, and returned to Liverpool, The steward, however, enabled tho captain to escape, and prooeeded. with him in a boat to the shore. Informa'ion was at once" given to the p ilioe, and the men were taken' into onstody.1 They stated,In justification ol their conduct,' that they bad not ' been properly/ treated, After an investigation, which lasted for laverai hours, the case was'dismissed, and the men diso'esrged:-Tbs evi- dence'showed tbat the oa'ptain had not behaved in a'pro- per manner, and tbe men and the passengers who «vero iii, the sblp Faid'they dil not deem it safe to proceed in » Bbip andar such a commander.-In dismissing tbeobarge, Mr. BaflliS said be should be very sorry to car anything wbioh would lead'men elreumstanoed as the prisoners were to believe they were justified. in seizing tbe ship, and ootingi as they had done; still,.the evidence was not snob SB in his mind would warrant bim in punishing them.' ?"-;'? ..-.:«. . ! -" Mr. Woolner'.« fall sie d model for the marble statue ol the late Lord Macaulay, which is to be plaoed in the library of Trinity College, Cambridge, is now eompletod, Ia.the studio of the same sohl pt or may be seen the i ooloBBBl model of the. bronze statue of'Gidley,', the ' founder of the Canterbury settlement in New Z island, , whioh will be erected in the city of Canterbury, y '.'[???> Alice Holt, who wis found guilty.at |ha las'. Chester assizes of poisoning her mother, bas been executed. The , wretohed woman '«as .to have been tried at the previous assizes, but tha case was postponed because-ehe was enceinte. Sba baa sinos been delivered ol a.ohlld, wbioh still lives. Since her oondemnation abe bas. more. than onoa.elated that the offen03 . of which she was found guilty was oommitted bre man with whom tho lived., The poor wretch was so terrified at the approsab ol ber' death that she had to'be dragged to the scaffold, and' moaned piteously while the hangman made his prepare.' tiona."' These prepara-ions appear to have been imper- fect j fer when the bolt was drawn two or three minutes ? elapsed before the straggling oeaaed, . NEW MBUTJERS OF THE HOUSE OF COMMONS.^ Tbo' following gentlemen will bo entitled to take their seats' at the oommencoment of the forthcoming session ol /Parliament i-Slr Boondall Palmer, on hU re-election for Biobmond as Attorney-General ; Sir B. P. Collier, on bis re-eleotion for Plymouth as Solioitor-Gencra! ; Colonel Vyee, for-Windsor, lu tba room of Mr. Hope,deceased; Mr. Charles Neate, for tho oliy of Oxford,1 in the room of Mr. J.H. Langston, deaeased; Mr. Humphrey, for An- dover, in the. room of Hr, William Cubit'; deoeaiod; Mr. B. Bateaon Harvey, for Buoblngbamshlre, in the room of the Honorable W. G. Cavendish, now Lord Chesham ; Major Waterhouse, for Pootefraot, in the mom of Mr. B. Monakton Milnes, raised to the peerage ; Sir Colman O'Lugblen, Baronot, lor Clare, in the room ol Mr. F. M. Ciloutt, deoiaied; tbe Honorable Chutes Riobard Douglas Hanbury Traoy, -for the Montgomery boroughs,: in, th a room, af Captain Willen Jjhnsob, dfoeaBBd; Sir William Fraser, Baronet, for Luit lr w, in the room of Mr. B.'riah Botfield, deceased; the Hvnor able F. Lygon,'for .West. Worcestershire, in the room of yisoouol .Elmsley, now. Earl Beauchamp: Mr. J.. Pd el, for Tamworth, in: tbe room of Visoount Baynham, IIOW tbe Marquis Towobsend ; . Mr. M. Trehorne, for Coventry; in the room of the Bight Honorab'e E. Kllioo, deceased, Mr. Lloyd, for Barnstable, in the room of Mr.,George; PottB, deoeased ; Mr. George Shaw Lefevre, in the room of Mr. Pigott, now e Baron of the Exabequtr. - WASHINGTON IRVINO AND THE EMMEBS .EUQENIE.-In tbe 'fourth' and last volume of tbe« Life and.Lsttots ol Washington Irving." justlsBued, Ia a latter, in which Irving writea :-" Louis Napoleon and Eugenia Mnntljo,. Empeior an d'Empress of Franoel-one cf whom I have had a guest ot my cottage on the Hudson ¡,the other whom.'wben a child, I bavo bad on? my knee at Gra- nada! >: It reems to otp tho olimax of the strange drama< of whioh Paris baa been the theatre daring my life time. The lost I saw: of Eugenie Montijo she was ons of the, reigning belles of Mtdrid, and she and ber giddy oirole; bad swept away my obarmlog young friend. tbe beautiful and accomplished -i-, into their oaroer of fashionable diSsiptttcn. ' Now Eugenio IB upon a throne, and -rr ls a voluntary' tcoluae in a convent of'ona. ol Ibo most rigorous orders. Poor. - I Perhaps, however, her fate msy ultimately be the bapplesl of tbe two. 1 Tbe s'orm,' with her; «ls o'er and she's at rest,'.but tbe other ia launohed from a returnless shore on a dangerous Bea infamous for its tremendous shipwrecks.' " n"ÄMOTnBR 'ATtPa 'MURDER- I» LITHRWOI..-On Saturday . night last another of chose fearful crimes for ..whioh Liver- ; "pool' il bo oming BO <notorious<ocourred in a boase. No. 3 Oonrt, dsenem-stroet by whioh a woman named Johnson waa murdered by her husband." It appears that tho husband) who is a marble miBon, together with the deceasod wife ' were of very intemperate habits and had been drinking a! good deal in the course of the evening and that he was; drunk. The wife, knowing that her husband had a const-; derable portion of his wages in his pookot, requested him' to giro her the money. ' This lie rinsed to rio and soon 1 after fell asleep. - While he slept she extracted the money from bis picke*, and proceeded, it is said, to a pnblio house in the neighbourhood. On her return the husband awoke, and missing bis money, demanded it back from ber. She refused, and this led to a- quarrel in whioh Johnson knocked his'wife down, and kicked her with, savage violence all over the body, inflicting snah injuries as rendered her insensible arid then ran away; The noise be made attracted tho atten- tion of some of the neighbours; who on going into the house found the poor woman lying on the floor She wai able to speak a few worth, and medical aid. wai sent far, bot she died immediately. Un to the .despatch of oar Liverpool parcel yesterday (Monday), the murderer had not been cap- tured. " ' A DOMESTIC TRAGEDY IN CUUDKBLAND.-The quiet .village of Ortghterby, nour Carlisle, was the scene of a sad tragedy on Thursday, the like of whioh it is not often our duty to record. , A.'farmer* s son hamel Thomas Wills .was proceeding along a road leading 'toward I 'Kirkbampton, abott 5 o'olook, when he 'fouod 'the' dead body ot Mr William Brown, a respectable young farmer; lying fae; up- wards, the clothes oovering his chest in flames,,and a gan resting on his bowels, the muzzle pointing towards his faoa ; one ead of a string was looped upon the trigger, and at the other end was a loop a few inches in length, by means ot whioh he had discharged the gun with his foot. . < Willa gave an alarm, and on the arrival of some neighbours it was discovered that the unfortunate . man had ahot himself in the left chest. It appeared at'the inquest on Friday, that his young wife had dieu oa Wednesday,- three weeks after hor confinement, of their Brat ohiid, and, so great was the afiliotedhuaband's «rief, that his reason waseolipsed.and him- self driven to the desperate extremity of self- destruction, ile resided at Ougkterhy with TUB wife's' relations, and on Thursday he went to his mother's at Kirkbamptoa where he got tho gun from a rack ia the byre'.' Several w toeases spoko of. the exceeding warmth of his attachment to his wife ; and on the day ol her death be repeated again and again that be could not live without her., lu his pocket were found a powder fl »ak and some elicit, as well as a small copy hook, containing tho following pathetic lines, traced in trembling characters : -"I hope that the1 Lord will forgive rae. Without my Maggie I cannot be. You need (not) mourn me, because I must go. You will all,look after oar darling boy. The little sum that would1 fall to my darling wife' and, me will make him' comfortable some time after, liv wish is that we may be laid in one grave.' This is the end of eight or nine years' courtship ! Now the shot must pierce my he »riv Oh, happy shall we be!.' On another leaf were'the words : " The old dog Wattie met (rae) at the Croft foot, Kirkbampton. ' Pat me with ray love Maggie on Saturday I'*''Froth a phrase or two in this'melancholy epistle it was evidently written within a short period of hie, sad end. His wife was the daughter of Mr. -W. Hodgson, of Midtown. Oughterby.. . The verdict of the Jury was, ".Sniqiáe while labouring under the effects of temporary; insanity.;'. His1 kit wish will be ' observed : he will be laid. beside his "love Maggie."- OarlisU Examinsr.; . . IIUBDEB iK IRELAND.-A brutal murder was coommitted on ? Saturday .morning at a. place called Kilnacola, near' Grousehall, within seven miles of Cavan, and the particulars ' ofwhiph are as' follows':- It appears that about thirteen* years ago'auaft namäd Barnard Oatley lived with a farmer named Peter Reilly 'andi while in lia . employment an ass (Reilly's property) wounded his hand in suoh a manner that" amputation was necessary. ..Oagley'after. this, accident! suddenly disappeared." Oa Friday' a "stranger entered: Reilly's hotise, and 'asked Km did he know- him, and upon; his being'answered in the negative, he reminded,him of the; accident and statedthat he . was Cagley.-' . Reilly invited him to remain all night with.his family, and, after partak- ing of suppe', they all retired to rest, Cagley going to sleep with Reilly's servant boy in a loft over the kitchen.' Aboat two'o'clock in the'morning, Mrs. Reilly, hearing a noise'in: the loft, ca'lod to the servant boy to be cautious in coming! <Iown, as tbe éntranos was dangerous, whereupon she was . answered from tho kitchen by Cagier that hehadseenalight outside the house and could not sleep. ' Upon Reilly going opto Caglev to see what'was wrong with'him.-he ' stabbed him in the kidney'with a knife. Reilly shouted "I am. .killed 1 ' and shortly afterwards expired. ; Upon hearing the shout of her husband, MrB. Reilly ran np, when Calley also stabbed her ia the abdomen. Sha sewed a cleaver and mode a blow a*, bini; whereupon he' walked ont of the house ' dressed in his Bbirt and trousers,'went to the . Virginia polloe-Btation five miles distant, and surrendered himself. From tbe nature of tho JnjUries inflioted upon- Mrs. Reilly, it ¡a not likely that she can survive,. : An inquest has "been hold and a verdict of "Wilful murder" returnpd against' Oag'ey, 'Upon entering the prison he was; at- dace ^reebr mied as a tióket-óf-leave donviot, whioh he acknowledged.-. Various causes are:¡assigned for the perpetration of the. murder; some think his.object was revenge (or the loss of his band, while others are of opinion that his object was'1 robbery, for Itally was supposed to have had a large sum of money ' and to have 'kept it' in his 'house.-Dublin Expreii. .': ? .' I . /'i . , \ . ; . .- . . DEATH FRO» ¡ FRIGHT. - Yesterday morning Mr. H. R. Weithew, deputy coroner, held an'inquest! ot the White, Heart TaveVn. Kinjjaland-road, touching the death of a' young woman named Priscilla May, aged nineteen years;' who lost ber life through the practical joke of a. servant, in-, dressing up as a ghost,! Mr. R: May, a tradesman carry... ing on business at . Ko. 145PJ Kiagsland-road, said that" deceased, his daughter, was a dressmaker.' She was in perfect heaUU.'when,'about four month's ago -she went to Mri Bly th's house in üyde-park-gardens to do- some work. She .returned ' three days .afterwards .. lopkln? Berlonsly" affected in health.,. She could hardly breathe. Her nostrils" .were greatly distended, and. were plugged. She said that 'she hod been terribly frlghtened'thé night' before.1 ' A's she was going upstairs she stated , with the governess1 oud' the servant, past the bath-room, the door: of the latter-waaseen tobe open'.) She asked the servant to c'.ose the door, and the latter was going to do so, when something all in white threw the door wide open 'and appeared from the darkness She snid that she'instantly fell back screaming inti) tho arms of the'governess. '(Blood' gushed from her nostrils, and she was carried 'downstairs insensible., A doctor, was sent for, and the servants remained up. with, her all night. It appeared that tbe apparition was a servant,'who dressed herself all in white as a practical joke' Deceased never recovered from'tbe' shookV ? -She loat her appetite ard'her mind baoame affected., She gradually sank., arid died on the 19th inst. ; Sophia Sturgeon said 'hat ehe was a servant in I tho employ of a gentleman residing at No .30, Upper' Hyde park-gardens, Bayswater. ' On the night in question 'witness was preceding Miss Clarke,' the governess,and the deceased upstairs,' when she heard a supernatural " Boream to imitate a irhost.V Deceased eave a scream, like, el lough and Ml. Witnoss believed she fell, ,.npqu' the stairs. Deoeased had been b'eeding from tho nose during the day. < A'dootbr was sent' for.' ''Witness'said that Grama Frhb'ey, ' the nursery governess, came to the door of the bath room ;ta.ber:wbi^igh>dipsi as. a,Joke., ^Vitnoss would swear none,)of ,the other servants"'wbre in the secret.' Emma Frîsb'ey nurerygoverneiSj'said'thst'sh'e made her appear- ance in yh'ite merely-toTfrightea the.person going up stairs. The other servants knew nothing of her intention. She told- deceased that abo, was very sorry. that she had so seriously frightened1 her, the wholo affair was a' frolio '1 ont of her own hoad.'. 'Mr.'Willer said from what'lie oonld ascertain; the « ghost" was not i re-arranged by; the other servants. Mr. A. Chatterwood, surgeon, said that he was oaUed in to deceased,, and found her suffering from IOSB of blood from nausea, sleeplessness,. and want. of appetite. Latterly she became nffeoied'ih her mind.' 8hd would not Io k ait wltnéBB or answer when Bpokon to. He believed she diod from an' obaouro alteo'.ion of the brain conjoined with hyaterlos; Her;death was deoidedly accelerated by tho fright. . The Coroner said that the Act of dressing up as a ghost .was,very foolish, and very "dang-rons. In 'several oases it produced idiotey, and ia the; present instance it caused death. " It waa but right to consider, however that the young woman who caused the miiohief did not intend anything serious; am}, that slip was evidently,sincerely sorry for her lolly. No doubt this, aase' would oct as a warning to young persona, and iu that way do a public good. The jury retnrned'à verdict of, " Death fiom obioure diseoso of the brain er.d hysteria' accelerated ty a fright, and that the said death was oaused by misfortuno." '.- Fins, Aiu>: Lofs. OP. Twa :Livss-Last night, shortly after çighv o'oloolij oouiluotor , Stephen Tjp^ell, of the London, Fire Brig ode, who' la^tatloned et the' Oharoh. .yard'of St. Ciprnent'a Dines, reoeiv'ed iofor'matfo'n'tbatV .'fire bod 'brokim -ont i st :No; '17,'Hcinloak.oourvn'ear Cirsyp.ttreol.i Lincoln's ,. Inrnnelds. P He . immediately want to the t pot with bis oaóapet,ond was root by S'o'ck. man, n flromiin in ohargo of tho parish eiiginp, when i' 'was lound that V Oro wai riging iii n third dior front room, ccoupiod by a widow norna- Cochrane and her t»n . abil'rfren.':. Tba room win ontored'.by Tupsell and Stock im«n,"who,.by means; of>iokots, drenohed tbe bed nu bcdB'oad,. which were Rinùn'drrlng, and ultimately snc 'oesded In; extingtiisblng tho firiv On tho room being 'oluiirad of'saitilir-, tHn ifirnmen for Ibo first time beoame' avare thati'tno; otiilriren were in the room, the dead, bodies..pf .both, hoing .found .in the bed looied in esoh other's arms. .Tile oges of the déoeased aro six and four, tbeeldeBt being a boy,' the other a girl. .The mother of tbe children was 'net io the bbuBe when tbeaioidpnt ooourred; bot, on , tho roora. belog .entored, a eood fl rb was found lo bo buming in Ibe grate. Daily jretiit J«un. I ?rj MD, I 