-VICTOR HUGO'S SHAKESPEARE. William Shakespeare By VICTOR HUGO. Paris : ll. ?Jirairie Internationale. London t Horst and Blaaielt. .F [ " (From tbs Daily Newt.) . ' \ '.' , > THE genius of our, .Shakespeare sheds its, glory upon the whole earth.. Other poets, drama- tists, and philosophers are appreciated as highly hythe people whose language ;they used as the medium of thought.' . Shakespeare, is one of the few who in his grander features does not suffer by translation. He is even more fervently ad- mired in Germany than in England l he has his worshippers in Italy and in Spain ;his name is a familiar word throughout America. The three hundredth anniversary of his birthday has been celebrated in China and' in Sweden, ??af' Calcutta :' andJ at : St. Petersburg ; and' the " "greatest of 'French dramatists: and poets -offer»'' the ? volume t before ÍUB as a tribute to Shakespeare's immortality. The reader must'not look in this work for any ' minute investigation of our great . dramatist's life.. and habits. There is just enough of his history given to identify the man, but the drift of the volume, is. io'establish bis 'place1 in; the poetical Brm'amènf/to'âèanë'tnis'rèlâtions with the other great poets of the world, and. to point ?out the sources and influence of-his genius. The -work, whether aa regards its. a ty lo'"of thought or .its'. expression, , will perhaps be 'regarded by «ntuy sober English readers a« eminently Stonehill its splendour ant) its 'töeess, but wâ' nre'quite sure that not even; those whose cooler temperament may be startled by what they may deem to be the'author's prodigious exuberance of thought and imagination wilt deny" that every sentence bf this , book; is instinct with the inspi- rations of genius. It is indeed an explosion of intellect and imagination, a'long roll of thunder »wirti, lightnings that ' lighten from one end of heaven to the other," Shakespere fuïnlèbeâ tho occasion rather than the subject of tho work, and the author says its: true title should be " Apropos de Shakespeare." With the bard of Avon are associated the greatest poetic names of ancient and -modern times, nor will the English puri- tanical reader be a little surprised at some of the names in the series. The geniuses whom M.Victor Hugo marshals before us in company with Shakespeare' are Homer, Job, Ezekiel, Isaiah, Æschylus, Lucretius, Juvenal, Tacitus, St.-Pau1, St. John, Dante, Rabelais, Cervantes. Of each of these he gauges the spirit, and what we would call the scope of his mission, as well as the side of the great problem of existence he represented. Homer is the poet of the infant world; he has the sacred candour of the morn- ing ; he is- full of chimerical fancies,yet true both to nature and science. Job commenced the drama four thousand years since, the embryo is ä colossus ; he sets before his audience Jeho- vah and Satan. The evil defies the good, and the action begins. The scene is laid on the earth, man is the field of battle, and afflictions are the personages. One of the most savage grandeurs of the poem is that the sun has in it a sinister aspect. It is not tho dawn as in Homer, it ls noon; the terrible force of the brazen rays, falling perpendicularly upon the desert, fills the poem with a white heat. Job perspires upon his dunghill, his shadow is small and black, and concealed, beneath him like a viper under a rock, and the tropical flies buzz upon his wounds. This is minute and powerful descrip- tion not without a lesson. Job suffers, and is convinced. " He teaches himself how the logic of sufferlng leads to God. The dunghill of Job transfigured will become the Calvary of Jesus. Æschylus, illuminated by the unconscious divination of genius, without "any suspicion that there' is behind him in the East the resig- nation of Job, completes it unwittingly by the revolt of Prometheus, so that the lesson shall be integral, and that tho human race to whom Job taught duty shall in Prometheus feel the dawn of right. Isaiah appears to be above humanity, a continuous hurtling of thunderbolt. He reproaches his age with idolatry, debauchery, war, prostitution, ignorance. He is 'the eternal contemporary of vices which transform themselves into valets, and of crimes which make themselves kings. Ezakiel is the savage seer, the genius of the cavern, to whom roaring is appropriate. The lesson of Isaiah may be forgotten ; Ezekiel will impress it more deeply by his terrifie visions and' his astounding symbolisms of action. He is the prophet of progress, teaching at the same time that God is sovereign and that the man is free. In Lucretius we have all this, though obscurely. Pan appears in Lucretius, and the grandeur of this conception may be gathered from the fact that whilst Jupiter is subject to fate, fate itself is subject to Pan. Pan is Nature, and, in Nature Lucretius sees only the concourse of atoms, and the inane void ; when he considers the atom he is religious, when he considers the void he is sceptical ; he turns his back upon humanity, and fixedly regards enigmas, and after searching all things can find no better way out of his perplexities than voluntary death, and a final voyage to Orcus. Juvenal has all that was wanting in Lucretius—passion, emotion, a strong bias towards honesty, the avenging laugh, personality, humanity. The Satires of Juvenal, amidst all their bitterness, throw out bright rays to illuminate liberty, probity, heroism, and they have filled with their light many spirits in our own times. Tacitus is the incarnation of liberty, dead he mounts the tribune with his shroud for his toga, and cites the tyrants to his bar. St. John is the virgin old man; all the ardent sap of manhood become smoke, and, mysteriously trembling, takes in his mind the form of a vision—the Apocalypse is the outcome of this redoubtable chastity. In John of Patmos we see clearly, and sometimes touch, the communication between certain geniuses and "the abyss," St. Paul repre sents Conversion, that prodigy which is at the same time divine and human. The road to Damas cus will be for ever the route over which great minds must pass ; it will also be tho passage of peoples. Dante has constructed a hell in his own mind. Rabelais is Gaul, which is also Greece; for the Attic salt and the Gallic buf foonery have substantially the same flavour Rabelais, is the Æschylas of victuals and eating, he entbrones a dynasty of bellies in Grangousier, Pantagruel, and Gargantas, and shows that to this government, all things, however highly named, tend continually. Cervantes is also a form of epic mockery. Shakespeare is the earth, Lucretius is the sphere. Shakespeare the globe. Dante incarnates all supernaturalism, Shakespeare incarnates all Nature. Homer and Shakespeare close tbe first two gates of barbar- ism, that of the antique era, and that of the Gothic era—this was their mission, and they have accomplished it. The third great crisis of humanity is the1 French Revolution ; it is the third enormous gate of barbarism, the monarchic gate is closing at the present moment, the nine- teenth century hears it turning on its hinges, thenceforth there will be an actual era for poetry, the drama, and art, as independent of Shake- speare as of Homer. These are a few scattered sentences freely translated, which will give a sufficient idea of M. Victor Hugo's method of handling his theme, but it is impossible to convey an adequate idea of his brilliant rapidity, his inexhaustible wealth of imagery, his vast stores of knowledge, his learning as minutely correct as it is wonderful for its scope and variety. We as a people have to listen to some very unpalatable but wholesome truths from this great teacher. We are reproached, and not unjustly, with our long neglect of our greatest poet. To this we must listen in humility, but we cannot altogether admit the justice of the sarcasm, that we never knew anything about Shakespeare till we were told it by other nations and peoples, that in fact the real appreciation of Shakespeare commenced with foreigners. The truth seems to be that until a very recent period, Shake- speare was wholly unknown both in Germany and France. Nothing can be more certain than that Goethe was the first to direct public attention in Germany to Shakespeare, and we know that even so late as the days of Voltaire the English dramatist was never so seldom heard of in France, and that that great French writer treated Shakespeare (after pilla- ging his plays and spoiling what he stole) with tho utmost ridicule and scorn, in order, perhaps, that his own thefts from the "drunken savage " might remain undetected. Our treatment of Shakespeare's name and memory since his glory has been appreciated amongst us is, however, open to the severest strictures, and as Victor Hugo does not spare us. We are charged with egotism, but that is a charge to which all nations are open, and which must of necessity be true of all nations, for whilst the personal selfishness of men is not at all diminished by the citizenship that makes them particles of a mass, the modesty which in the individual restrains the expression of selfishness, is dissipated and lost in the aggre- gation. M. Victor Hugo has looked, in vain for a statue of Shakespeare, but has in his time found one of Wellington, " a general who gained a battle with the assistance of chance." The only statue we have is the wretched little figure in Poets' corner amidst the monuments splendid with bronze and marble of unknown royalties. We have statues for Charles's, statues for three or four Georges, one of whom was an idiot, statues for Richmond, Napier, Father Mathew, for Herbert Ingram. We give statues for everything but for what we ought. We raise one to Pitt, for having sub- sidised and sustained the coalition of kings against 1789, against democracy, against light, against the ascending movement of the human race ; to Peel, for having during twenty years combated tho truth in the hope of vanquishing it, and then rising up one fine morn- ing, finding it was not to be conquered, and forthwith changing sides, and becoming its champion. Columns everywhere; one to the Duke of York, which ought to have been covered with notes of interrogation ; one to Nelson, at which the ghost of Caracciolo points the finger. At Guernsey a lofty column, that would have satisfied the memory of Æschylus, for a General Doyle ; nothing for Shakespeare ; nothing for Milton; nothing for Newton : the very name of Byron is obscene. Such is Eng- land, an illustrious and powerful people. Well, we must put up with this castigation, for not having our statue ready in time, and for not honouring our great poet in the precise way which the sovereign judgment of M. Victor Hugo has decided to be right. There we have failed. But we would suggest to M. Victor Hugo that there may be other methods of honouring the poet than by raising up in his name inert masses of stone or bronze. M. Victor Hugo does not notice the depth and extent to which the spirit of Shakspeare has penetrated the literature and language of Great Britain. The complete acquaintance with his thoughts and words is to be met with in almost all ranks of English society. To have his name " familiar in our mouths as house- hold words " is the memorial which he him- self would have chosen ; and in this respect we have not been wanting in honour to his fame. It may be quite true that there are places in this country where the name of Calcraft is better known than that of Shakespeare; but surely M. "Victor Hugo would not set up the thieves and villians to whom Calcraft is a terror as a sample of the people of England. We do not bear our punishment alone. France partakes with us the fervid censures of her greatest writer. If we have failed in respect of Shakespeare, France has become bankrupt in respect of Joan of Arc : as our Bible has been unfriendly to Shakespeare, so the Virgin Mary has preoccupied in France the whole ground of whioh a moiety belongs of right to the heroic virgin of Dom remy. The aristocracies and the priests of all glands are chargeable with the stains that fall upon national character ; they keep the people in ignorance and abridge their liberties ; but though this may extenuate tho popular faults, it cannot countervail them. Peoples have con- sciences as well as individuals, a sense of re- sponsibility, and ought not to allow their best inheritance to be damaged by any such bodies. The work, on the whole, may be pronounced to be a magnificent assertion of the inherent worth of man, and a protest against all that would shroud up and stifle that worth in the clouds of ignorance or the wretched trap- pings of slavery. M. Victor Hugo is grandly hopeful, enthusiastically confident of the future. These geniuses about whom he discourses arise from time to time to bring back erring man to the true type of humanity, to teach him his rights, his duties, his powers, and his prospects. Even now certain forms of despotism are no longer possible, Pharaoh is a mummy, the Sultan a phantom; Cæsar a counterfeit, tho statue of the columns of Trajan is afflicted with ankylosis on his pedestal, and the dung of the free eagles is upon his bead. It is much to be feared that M. Victor Hugo is precipitate in his anticipations of human pro- gress —that he judges men too much according to his own personal aspirations, and does not sufficiently regard tho baser, and more extensive elemept which blends with the nobleness and generosity of mankind. With the recent pro. ceedíngs of Austria and Prussia in Denmark still fresh in our memories, with the heartless rejoicings in Berlin,over the robberies com- mitted upon a nation incapable of defending itself, with the black eagles, and red eagles, the golden fleece and garters, the honours and emolu- ments daily bestowed upon persons whose only merit is that they had the kindness to be born, and with the gobemoucherie that worships such rubbish before our eyes, it is somewhat difficult to subscribe to M. Victor Hugo's statement that " from tho maturity to which the French Revo lution has already conducted the universal con- science the hero is no longer a hero without giving a reason, the captain is discussed. the conqueror is inadmissible. In our days Louis XIV. invading the Palatinate would be regarded as a robber." It is a comfort to think that after all, the peaceful purse, and, not the deadly sword, is the real arbiter of national quarrels,: that the people are beginning to understand this, and that they will by-and-by feel that they have a permanent hook in the nose pf their rulers. It is cheering also to find the cause of humanity in the hands of so potent and faithful a champion as Victor Hugo. His inspiring faith and burning eloquence will rouse many minds, and show them who are the real leaders and prophets of our race ; nor will the con- tempt he pours upon ignorance and imposture be without effect. 