THE CONSECRATION' SL. M PAUL'S CHURCH. A LSTrniiA\ morning, the 25th of April, being St Mark's Day, the beautiful Anglo-Norman Church, of the suburban parish of Alexandria was by the Right Rev Dr. Harker, the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney, solemnly dedicated, indeed apart to the worship of Almighty God according to the ritual of the Anglican communion, the sacred edifice being named after, and honour of that Evangelist whose festival was, on that day, for many centuries been celebrated in the Christian Church His lordship was? assisted by any area twenty clergymen habited in their sur- prices and stores, c , the choristers being also present in the white vestments prescribed by the rubric, There was a large and attentive congregation, who appeared to take the deepest interest in the service, vi hint was performed throughout in the most impressive and edif j ing manner. At about eleven o'clock, the Metropolitan Bishop having proceeded with his clergy from the vestry, took his seat on the north side of the Altar Table, the clergy occupying the section, of the seats immediately in front of the chancel. In accordance with the authorised form for the consecra- ting of a church in this diocese the petition of the minister and parishioners for the consecration was next presented to the Bishop by the Rev. Thomas Kemmis, the incumbent, by whom it was read in an audible A once After that, the episcopal sentence of c association was, in like manner, read by Mr H K. James, the registrar. The Bishop then commenced the rite by walking at the head of his clergy->,he Dean of Sydney, the Canons of the Cathedral of St. Andrew, and the other ecclesiastics in attendance horn the altar steps to the western doorway, down the principal aisle of the church, reciting the 24th Psalm (Donniit est tara) the clergy repeating the alternate verses Having returned to the communion table, the Bishop then addressed the congregation in the following words - Dearly beloved in the Lord, forasmuch as devout and their men as well under the Law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration or the Holy Ghost, or by the express command of God, or by their own reason and sense of order and decency. Im c erected houses for the public worship of God, and separated them from all profane and common uses which godly practice hath a manifest tendency to (111 men's minds with a becoming re Port see to the Du inc Majesty, and to affect their hearts with deep non and humility in the service of God let us humbly hope that our Heavenly Father will favourably approve of our present purpose, of setting apart took place in some manner for the performance of the several offices of religious worship and let in faithfully and devoutly beg Ills Messing on this our undertaking, The Lord's Prayer was then said, together with six other prayers Supplicating an especial blessing on all the different acts of ministration which should there after take place in that building this part of the ritual was concluded with a doxology, subsequent to which the service of the play was read by the incumbent, the ever changing the ipjTopnnte Psalms, and singing the anthem and a mug selected for the occasion, the first Lesson was read by the Rev. Canon Allwood, and the second by thclltV Canon Walsh the Bishop reciting the burial prayers provided by the dance. In the Com music service the Bishop officiated as the celebrant, the Dean of Sydney reading the Epistle. At the proper place in the Euchinstal Service, the Right Rev. the Bishop ascended the pulpit, and preached a most admirable sermon taking his text from the fourth chapter of the Second Epistle of St Paul to lirnothj-part of 10th and 11th verses "Demas hath forsaken me having loved the present world Only Luke is with me Take Mark and larg him with thee, for he is profitable to me for the ministry " His Lordship commenced by point- ing out to his hearers, that as members of the Christian Church it was their happiness and consolation to know that they lived under a government established by Christ, who ordered all things for their good, although the dispo- series of Providence might not be always such as finite creatures could understand They were com- relieD that occasion to consider the Divine attributes of His wisdom and mercy veiled as they were in mt story for their thoughts naturally reverted to the time when they had last met in that church, when, they had had amongst them their late pastor, now entered into his eternal rest He had been suddenly withdrawn from his useful labours by the good provi- dence of God, and all that they could do was to rely upon the assurance that the Judge of all the world could not but do right Having made a touching and beautiful application of some of the well-known words of St Paul, in reference to the good fight for the unfading crown fight in which the late pastor of that parish had unobtrusively but earnestly exerted himself-the Bishop entered more closely into the immediate subject of his text, and laid before his he mers a picture of what the state of the great Apostle of the Gentiles actually was at the time that Demos forsook him for the things of this world, and that St Mark was found profitable for the ministry He Vi as Paul the aged, the ambassador in bonds, and he was, in addition to all his other trials, the forsaken of Demas, who had been in attendance upon him for so long Yet even this sharp trial did not affect the faith or diminish the pious energy of the great Apostle for he found himself still able to sing, " The Lord shall deliver me from every evil word and work, and shall prevent me unto His glorious kingdom " The two characters of "Denis' and "John, summed Mark,' were then illustrated by the right rev preacher, from the herds of the vessles mens, and the causes of the defection of Demos and the ultimate fidelity of St Mark eloquently insisted upon, warning being given, at the danger of losing the world and the things of the world lest, notwithstanding the enjoyment of the highest Christian privileges we should end in an apostacy BB strange and heartless as that of Dennis, who, for the love of the world, dethroned the Saviour in his heart. Contrasting strongly with the character of Demas was the character of St Mark, whose ministry, in conjunction with St. Paul, was commented upon, and his faithful service held up for our imitation-a service which had brought back to the ministry, and charged the stern rebuke of the inflexible apostle to words of the highest commendation In the application of his subject the Bishop, addressing the clergy, impressed upon them the necessity that there was for their ministry to be ever such as could not give occasion of offence to the laity-for their life and their conduct to be guided and controlled by the highest Christian motives, and not merely regulated by ideas of professional decorum They were to act in all things from a sincere desire to please God, and always to be on their guard against being ensnared by the love of the world Addressing himself especially to the laity, the preacher warned them also against being led away like Derna? by a sinful love of earthly things, and pointed out to them that it was their duty so to provide for the temporal necessities of the clergy that they might not be liable to be withdrawn bye care for the things of that world from their ministerial duties. Here, in this colony, the State had discharged itself from the duty of providing for the maintenance of the clergy, and without having anything to say in commendation of ! such a scheme he might nevertheless say that it had íflPBBt afforded one of the most favourable opportu- ns that had perhaps ever presented itself for the laity to come forward and provide not only for the ministra-. on of religion in their own immediate parishes, but X for the support of it in the Church at large. 'M the conclusion of the sermon which the above is only a very imperfect abstract the offertory prayer was read, and the Communion Service pro C?Afttn\'nrds about one hundred gentlemen partook oratuwptaouB luncheon hospitably provided by Mr. ..»1 Mrs T W. Smart. This was spread in the "-flaming theatre gallery. There were present the SP of Ä«?dMiI Barker, the Dean and Miss CwX the Speaker and Mrs. Hay, Canon Allwood and W -lah, all the clergymen who had assisted at the ceremony and a goodly number of the resident Syd Sallman of the neighbourhood of St. MMreàndMrs.T.S. Mort gave the children of the Sunday and Day Schools a treat in the beautiful grounds of Greenoaks. 