OBITUARY. The late Rev John Allen Harton.— TheremtiM of Ihe Rev John Allan Manton were interred in the Wsa lijsn cemetery, Parramttta. on the lOih instant. Mr Men too wet one of the oldeat Wetleysn minister, in tha Au.trtllsn oolonlea, and his piety, ability, and devotion have indented hie name to that denomination. Mr. Manton we. held Id tbe highest estimation, and it need hirdly e.ld that bis death is deeply deplored, more especially by the members of bis own count union, Tbe deosssod gentle man cams to tbe colony in the year 1831, and after labour ing for a year or two at Parratuatla, he wss stationed In iBtmnuia. «ur. wsuwhb uiiuiBitnvivuo at uitoqatnQ Harbour, a eeulemect on tbe weetorn oooet of the Wand, and at Port Artbor, on the eeuihern coast, were attended wl.b the mott gr&iifjlog; and eaooetsful results. For mtav j(UB Mr. Mati ton was the preridentof Honou College, * troloiDg efitablUbmeEt Id Ihe interior of Ihe itlaud, wbioh be orgHDised end brought to a veiy prosperous cnaturily. About five jeers ago Mr. Maston returned to this oilony. fltid took oharge of the Howicgton Collegiate inetlcu tioD from tte Initiation. He rendered Important and valuable ecrvioe to tbe Weslejan Churoh fa these oolonlee in the formation and dtreotlon of those edaoational esUbUeh tntDM. Mr. Wanton beoatne eeriously unwell about six months Bgo, and he died at half- poet five o'olook on Friday morning, the 9th Instant, of dropsy supervening on dfseaee of the heart. The dooeased was Id tbe flfty-righth year of his Age and the tbirtj -fifth of hiB ministry. After a ehort eervioe, osa* dnoted at Mewington. on Saturday, the funeral prooeesioa left for Pan am atta about two o'olook, and arrived at tha ohoptl at balftpaet three. Tbe coffin having been oarried into the cbapel. portions of the battel eervioe were read by tbe Btv. 6. Habone. prayer being offered by tbe Hev. Q-. Buret. The Rtv. R. Manefield delivered a brief addreac on the ocoaiieo, wh-oh he eaid wae one peoullarly touooing to bis feeling', aa it wae deeply impressive on the hearts of hie hearers. 1 bin y-tbree years ago it woe hit privilege to number the departed among hie ohoicest friends, and throughout that long interval all that he hadeeena&d; heard and known of his departed brother bod bat served to confirm the prepoeBeeeio&a; whioh the earliest moment of their acquaintance produoed. to deepen his heart's love for him, end to raiee him etill higher fin hia esteem and reepeot. In ibe atiioteat and noLleat eenee of the term, without adulation, he was a good man, full of faiih and of the Holy Ghost. Did it not aeem a mysterious providence that in his riper 3 ears, when all hie mental and moral powers seemed to have reached their fullest vigour—when he waa celled to oooupy an important sphere— that at that orltloal period in hia interesting history, tbe last enemy should be permllted to lay bold of him and drag him down to the silent masfiione of the deal ? For htm to live undoubtedly was Christ, and for htm to die was rioh superlative gain* The rev. gentleman remarked on the Chriattea'a power to triumph over death, and he asked were they not reminded of their mortalitj ? *' Our father®, where are they ? the prophets- do they live for ever?' Death oame into their e&ored; ranks and took hold of one and another, saying to thoee who survived, u Prepare to meet thy God.' The preacher then earnestly exhorted the youthful portion of hie auditory to make their 'calling and election enre.' Tbey bad eeen bow Christians lived tn tbe example of their dear preoeptor, over whoee ashes they mourned ; and they had seen bow ne died, triumphing in redeeming love, happy in the clear and oloudleee pioepeot of immortality, and he beokooed them to follow. Let them all gird themaelvee anew to the fight of faith, and ao gather coder the banners ef the Cross, that ere long viotory might orown their browe. The eervioe, at whioh there was a good number of persons preBent, having been oonolnded, the body wae borne to the hearee, end. pt twenty minutes past four o'olook the mournful pro ctfibleh klowly forward to the graveyard. The etudtnte of the oollege went fajjowed ministers ef tbe denomination with other persons w£o waiked» they were euocetded by the hearse, the mourning 00*? * and a long train of other vehioles. The route taken was along Churrh-ttreet, and most of the shops in that thorough fare were partly closed. Besides the otergymeu already named, there wtre present the Rev. R. L. King (Church of England) end tbe following ministers of ihe Weeleyau communion .—tbe Revs. B* Chapman, J. Biotfjrd, W. Curnow, R. W. Vacderkfste, W. S. Brooket, G. Martin, J Oram* C. W. Rigg, and — Moore. Among the laymen who aitendrd were tbe Mayor of Sjdney, the Hon. George Allen, M.L C. ; Mr. J. Caldwell, M.L.A. ; Mr. W. Love, M.L.A. ; Dr. Moffitt, and Messrs. J. and W. Byrnes* The grave jard wae reaobed shortly before five o'olook, and tho remaining sentences of the bnrial eervioe were there read by the Rev, 8. Rabone. The mourners lingered around the grave for awhile, and then eorrowfolly dispersed. Death or Mb. 7 nomas Cvllek, J.P.— The public will learn wiih regret of the death of Mr. Thomas Cullen, J P. Mr. Cullen was taken suddenly ill at the Central Polio9 0ffioe on the 9th instant. The unfortunate gen tlemen then became unooneoione, end remained insensible up to the time of his death, whioh occurred in the magis trates' reom at half-past nine o'olook on Saturday night. 