; we8leyan conference ' . ' (coMitwfoim,) i' ! TUESDAY, Mm JANUARY.- After the- usual devotional exercitoj "wii'ua WCTC conducted by the Revs. W. Quick and W. L Biuks, the miautearof th2 previous cav wore read and con- firmed. ; : r : DIVISIONS OT CIRCUITS. - : ,' i Various circuits 1 had requested through their quarterly meetings that the conference would cause them to bo dhided, for tho greater convenience of the part.es concerned. In severnl lnstonoes those requests had met with the approval of tho district meetings1 and been recommended by them to the1 conference. Those recommendations were carefully considered and io most cases adopted. Several other places were entered upon the minutes: Ro which ministers ara 'to be appointed if possible. ' The', afternoon wss occupied - by tho stationing com mittee. - / : " it PBB3IDBNT 3 OPPICIAD ABRMON. '- . Tuesday evening was the tijiic- appointed for 'the uBual ofilcial sermon preached ' by ;tho' Fresideat before the '-conference. At half-past i o'clock" a large congregation assembled (u Wesley Church. The President, the.Uiv J. Bu'lcr.' coqaacted the ' whole servico and preached an , able and eflectiye sprmon, taking for his text Col 1, 23' 11 Whom we preach warnlug every man 'and teaching every m&n; in all'wHdom'that we may present every man pirfect in Christ .7cru.n AtfHlie close of the publlc service, the Sacraraent of tho Lord's Sppprr was adminis tered to the assembled ministers anT several of the members, oi the churches, " '.WEDNESDAY, 2?th jANUXltY,0 h " (One of the days during which the oonference sRs 'is always devoted to a i. review of the state of tlie 'various funds of tho connexion, add of . the opera tioh's of the Mia'sioawry Committee, which -meets in Sydney, as occasion may r« quire, through the year.- Oh this d%> several layaien are associated ds mem- bers ol tho Missionary and Connexiohal Committee. 'Tlure' were present ou Wtdnesdny the Hon A. Fraser, 3L'L.Ci. S. Finlev, S, G. King, J, A. Doane. 'and Dr. < Cutis, and these gentleuten, as usual, took , an active and prominent part in the proceedings oi the day. OniLDEEN-3 PUND.': ; . . f The Rev. W. Quick, one of tho treasurers. of the , fund, rtud n financial statementaliowing the receipts nnd disbursements of the fund for the past year. Tito accounts pn seated having been (unified, .were received and adopt' d . by the committee,' and Oie< thanks or tho meeting were presented to the trea surers, Samuel liorton,) Esq and the Kov. W. Quick, and they were reappointed. for the ensuing yew. .. -Mri .>);: EDUCATION- FUND. 1 The balance, shout of this fund was% submlttedrb'y. the Rev J. 1). "Wuterhomc, and a statement of tho amounts Invested by the treasurers. The' current acoouut was audited by Messrs Eraser and King." and adopted by the committee. T he general ncoount was " cxaralnfed, ' and, on the motiou oft he j Treaiurer,' Messrs Padman and Ballantyne of South Anatralls, - were appointed to audit the account and to examlne tho securllles. The Treasurers (John Coltoo. Esq, and the Rev J. B. Watcrhouse) rccelvei the thanks ; of the committee, and they were re appointed to tlie office for the ensuing year, . ? EUND TOR BUPBBNUMEBABIE3 AND MINI3TEB8 /WIDOWS. , The balance sheet of this fund was read and passed. It was found that the fund> was in a very % satisfactory condition. Each district was required to pay,:through the chairman, its full quota to this fund, every year. A long nni animated discussion arose on several subjects connected with tills fund. VoUs of thanks were passed to the Trea?ureri— the lion A. Krnscr; M.LO, and the Itev IX J. Draper r and tlo auditors, Meisr ,J. Whthuy had J, CLp«- lartd and' tlie Treasurers and Auditor's wereap'- pointed for another year;, with irstrutioas to cxa-- mlnc qftrefully a-1 fccurltlos Tot niouey loaued. MISSIONS.1,' .The minutes , of rtha Exoaative Committee in Sydusy were rend and adopted- . The" balance' 'sheet was aubmiitcd,, showing an increase in tlie cputribu- i tioas todliia riVud from scYtrAl .VaH'idiwpeohi'lly' I sva :i- ls. i: > | in the Friendly Islands and FJjL .It was felt that | great inconvenience hid arisen from the delays in various circuits in holding the missionary axini- j vorsaries, and it- wai directed that the various IdUtiicti make arrangements to remedy this oviL It was agroed that, with & vlow of increasing the Interest of our people la the oolonlei in the missions, a natlvo assistant missionary bo brought up from the Islands us sooa as possible, to attend our m!s siooary mrctiogs. The recounts of tho year 18S3 trore passed, and tlie thanks of tho committee were voted to the hou G. Alloa, M.L.A., and the Rev &L; Rabone, tho tre.(furcr, for tholr vuluubie services during tho past jeer. The estimates for the year ltOt were then carefully considered and voted. The KevJ A. Muntonwas appointed c! cried treasurer in tin place of the Rev 8. liabone, who has been appointed genfral seorttary. YoUs of thanks .were f (resented . to tho Kxecu'ive Comi|iIttee In Sydney or their service during thb year, and to the Parcut Committee In London for their kind and prompt attention to the alTaira of the society , and for the vote of the deficit cf 1863. The meeting was adjourned til! Tuesday next. Thursday, 28th January. After tho usual devotional exercises, the celling of i the roll, and the reading of the minutes, the con- lereace proceeded ;o busmen. PJli:SIDBNTa OFFICIAL SEBMON. Itwai movtd by Rev W. A Quick, and carried most cordlallv nnd unanimously, "Tliat the thanks of this coufercuce are due, and are hereby presented, t3 our respected Frtsldent for his ofilcial sermon, -preached on Tuesday evening last,.. This conference .records its sunic of the value of that sermon us a lucid exposition and powerful rpplientlon of divine trurii. and ro«pcctl'ul.y requests that tho Fresident will furolah the discourse to the editor of .he Wis- leyau Chronicle for publication. STATIONS OF MINISTERS. Tho remainder of the dav was chiefly occupied by a1 careful consideration of the appointmeuts of the mininers of the connexion for the next year. The second reading was not completed when the session' .broke up. 1 ordination service. One of the most interesting and popuhr services counected with the conference is tae Ordination. Service. Tills year the service was held in the Bruns wick sir, ct Church; Fitrroy. Five young ministers wero ordained, vi», Edward Bmson Burns, Edtvin Iredalo Watwiu, Robert Leslie VJokirs, Androw Ing:e3, and Francis Ewen Stephenson. The large churc'i vvus crowded In every part. The Fresldtnt or fhe cinfvreuco proposed' tho usual questions to tlie candidates for Ord nation, to which they gave cntiefactory replies, and three of them gave an account ot their "conversion to God, nnd their call to. tlie Christian ministry." They wrre then solemnly ordained to (he work and ofiioi of the Christian ministry by the impos.Uon of hands, the Presided, nnd hading ministers or the con Terence "laying" their hands upon the head of each candidate, the President rrpcutlug the -.words " Mayeat thou receive the Uoly Ghoit for ike office and work of a Christian liiiufster and ?ator, now' coiumUud unto thee by iheimposttlon of our hands. And be thou n l'uithlul difptmsur of the word ul" God, und of his holy Sacrau.ents j lu 'lie naiie of the- Father, and of thu 8r.it, and or the Hotv Ghost." A copy of the IKly Scrip'uros wa then "presented to e.chcftlia newly. ordained minister., the l'ru: I dent saying to each 4 Taku thon authority to preach the Word f.f God,' and to tdminlstcr the Iloly Sacra mentl in tho Congre<ariim." After tho Sacrament of thu Lord's Supper had been autnluistercd by tlie President, the ex-Ibesident delivered thu. usual charge, and the Secretary of conference concluded a most interesting servtc by nn appropriate prayer. 