CHURCH OF ENGLAND— ADDRESS OF THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY. Oh Tuesday evening, the Jlishop Metropolitan of Sydney delivered so adcireee to the members of the Church of England, in the St. James's Schoolroom, Castlcrcauh-Btrcet. The chair was taken at a quarter to eight o'clock brhie Excellency Sir John Young, The room was donrely crowded in every part, a large portion of the auditory consisting of ladies. Moat of the principal families belonging to the Anglican communion resident in or near Sydney were represented. Proceedings were commenced wR* w I bfftKd np oy ice nev. canon Allwood. I The Bmhop of Stsxey addressed the meeting as follows I 3 em reminded of a circnmstaoce which took place a few years I ago on the occasion of one of my journeys into the interior at a I tune when a general election was about to bo held. I a man in the service of one of the candidates asked my fellow I traveller if the Biahop was going up the country to address his I constituents f The question would perhaps be mote appropriate I ? if asked this evening ; and though the period during which I [ have to give an account of my proceedings is not quite so long as a I parliamentary session, and the interests 1 seek to promote arc of [ a somewhat different character from those which ordinarily oc I cupy the attention of Parliament, yet 1 am no doubt placing | myself before those who have it in their power greatly to assist I the cause 1 advocate, and whose sympathies and support I am I therefore ansioue to secure, 1 have recently returned from a visitation of the greater part cf my dioctse. and I propose to give such information upon the condition ana requirements of tho Church in the districts I have vieittd, as may interest you in behalf of I the work which is doing, and of the work to be 'done. The information will, I doubt not, be interesting to some who hear mc, and to others who may read my words; and if I can only succeed in conveying to you the impressions I have myself received, we shall, 1 trust, he encouraged by the p&et; to make those vigorous and earnest efforts which are necessary if we intend to overtake the ever-groning spiritual necessities of the diocese. We are at an important period of our Church's organisation in this colony, and additional ::..r rmatioo and as increase of our seal are needed to stimulate and encourage the members of the Church of England to carry on the work which devolves upon them, There is in Sydney some ignorance of the ch&rsctcr; of the work of the Church in the interior. Representations are occasionally made, the effect of which is likely to be that in some quarters our efforts will be hindered. The best way, aa it appears to mo, of removing these mie&ppre-; fce&eions; is by a statement of facts, a narrative of that which is being done, and & comparison of the present with the past, by one who h&a; had the opportunity of making the necessary ob servations, and whose great aim is to promote the cause of religion in connection with cur beloved Church, 1 have a sincere desire for the true highest wellbcing of this eclffiy. I know from the Source of all wisdom what is the true coerce ol a nation's greatness, that righteousness exalts it, that sin is its reproach, aud unrcpcntcd of will be its ruia, and kt object is to aid in laying deep and broad the foundations of this reentry's prosperity, oy fixirg in the hearts of the people that fear of the Lord which leads tnen to serve Him, and to hate evcrv false way, My late visitation tour began the second week in September, and ended in the last week of November. With a brief interval of seven days it occupied nearly three months, and extended over 1600 miles, 1 do not intend to enter minutely into the circum stances cf each parish visited by me ; my object is to chow what has been done by the clergy and their parisDioners, especially in connection with the Church Sociciy, to state facts, and to point out remedies suited to the circumstances of the country, nod from this survey to draw motives and cncouragemcnte for' the addi tional efforts required, By the help ot the Great Western line of railway one soon reaches the loot of the Blue Mountains. Before ascending them 1 will contrast tho ecclesiastical condition of the district of Emu Flams and Csstlercagh, as seen by mc nine years ago, with its present state. The incumbent of Penrith was at the former period charged with the duties of Emu rialns and Castlercagh ; these district having lost their clergyman and the Government stipend by the death of a former incumbent, who was also a Government chaplain. The chuich at Castlercagh was dilapidated and forsaken ; its high elevation, which bad served as a place of refuge for the parishioners in a time of flood, serving them with an excuse for not going to it at other times. The church at Emu Plains was a small stone schoolbonse. There bad once been & residence for the clergymen, tut it also* bad first been forsaken and then had fallen down. Thus in one district there was a forsaken church and a parsonage in rnics ; in the other, a school room ol small inadequate size, Such was the melancholy state of things when fret 1 crossed the Ncpcan, in the mouth of Septem ber, 1855. 1 have frequently crossed it since, but never with more gratified feelings than in September of the present year, Time, and the blewing of God upon the efforts of the active, zealous clergyman, had indeed wrought great changes 2 The dilapidated chnrch atCaeticrctgh waa restored, and the congregation brought back. The school-house at Emn enlarged into a commodious church, and a parsonage-house placed by Us side. The burial-ground fenced in and consecrated. Materials for a new school-house were on the ground, so that the church might he kept for its proper use, The services regularly per fotmcd on Sundays, and outlying portions of the district supplied on the week days. All this afforded cause for abundant thanksgiving to Almighty God, while the locality has a peculiar interest for the friends of the Chnrch Eociety, as being the first where the Society did prac tically commence its career of usefulness. It is owing to the help and encouragement given to the people cf the district by donations to different objects, and especially by the payment of one-third of the clergyman's stipend, that thie change has been effected. - Ascending the Blue Monntain range by that road once so soli tary and devoid of the interest called forlh by the presence of mas, one is rejoiced to see how sorely and skilfully the difficulties of railway communication are being overcome. The lofty and graceful viaduct spans the deep valleys. The precipitous sides of the mountain are scientifically scaled ; their higher peaks con nected by embankments or pierced by deep cuttings and tunnels. The varied end distant views of magnificent scenery whioh are opened up as the lino winds through the intricacies of the moun tains, win make the Eatburst line of railway one of the most picturesque in the world. At present much interest must be felt in hundreds of men, many with families, employed ou the various works along the line. Very little appears to have been done for their spiritual good, but since my return I have arranged that a clergyman shall occasionally visit the whole of the line as far as Blaokheath* The works appeared to he carried on with diligence and activity* The men formed a fine intelligent-looking body, and gladly re ceived the books and tracts for themselves and their children which were offered to them, At Hartley, the church was to be consecrated and a confirma tion service to be held. Here also a change had been effected. On my first visit, nine years before, 1 was met by the Rev. Mr. Lisle, who occasionally came down from Kelso and gave a service in the Court-house. There was neither resident minister nor chnrch nor school in connection with the Church of England. These aU now exist. The church, a Gothic stone build ing* has just been completed, A stained glass window in the chancel and & marble tablet commemorate the labours and death of the Rev. Mr. Troughton, the first incum bent and principal promoter of the erection of the church. Owing to the state of the roads and the Inclemency of the weather eeveral of the candidates from the neighbourhood of Mount Lambie, fifteen miles off, were unable to he present at tho Confirmation, and for their sakes a second service waa held on my return. Hartley is as much indebted as Emu Plains to the Church Society* From the time when a resident clergyman wa6 appointed the eociety has contributed £100 per annum towards the stipend, and gave £130 interest on a loan towards the erection of the church* In fact it owes its existence SB a separate parish to the Chnrch 6ociety, while the clergyman's visits are qow extended to a very large district, which was heretofore destitute ot these advantages. In Bathurst there is much done, and to be done. The Church has been enlarged at a considerable cost, and will soon be free from debt. It is a very good and commodious atrootare, and is well attended, The incumbent will shortly he aided in hie laborious duties by an assistant minister, whose stipend, to be paid through the Church Society, will be provided by the people. The gaol, the hospital, and the Sunday* school, are all visited ou Sunday, and services held in the former, as well as in the Church morning and evening. It was assuredly time that the burden of these duties should he lightened, and also that some services should be held in the districts of Evans's rising, and the Yale road is the vicinity of Bathurst, During my stay at Bathurst the Branch of the Church Society was re-organised, a meeting was held for the purpose of obtaining an endowment, and a plan proposed to raise £2000 for this object, The anniversary meeting of the Bible Society was also held. One day was spent at O'Connoll Plains with the Rev, Mr, lisle, and service and a public meeting held. Another day near Bocklcy, and a service held at the Lagoon. It is proposed to form a new district in these localities. The Rev. Mr* Lisle has charge of O'Connell, and the Rov. Mr. Coombcs has visited the upper part cf the Fish River ; hut a very extousivo corner of the dloccec, watered by the Abercrombic and the higher parts of the Fish and Macquarie Rivers, is without any pastoral oversight for the members of the Church of England. It is a part of the country unhappily notorious for the cattle-stealing and buthranging propensities of some of the residonts, It hu been carefully vlsUtd by Mr. Byngo, and from O'Connell and from the more reBpeotable part of the population, promises of subscrip tions towards the stipend of a clergyman have been obtained to the amount (on paper) of £200 per annum. If the Church Ssclcty is able to give £100 per annum, and suitable arrange ments can he made for collecting the promised subscriptions, the distriot may be placed on the same footing as Emu and Hartley, end I trust with equal benefit. The church at O'Connell has already been partially endowed by the liborality of the Rev. T. H&ssall;, and a further effort is being made by a local committee under the management of Mr. Nolan and other resi dents at O'Connell, A portion of the AbercromMo District is also visited by tho Rev. G. M. Fox, who holds (gratuitously) services at Bocklcy. end also at George's River. The whole distriot, bow ever, greatly needs a resident clergyman— and where the need is greatest the desire is least. The most dengerous symptoms of ft mora) disease arc the disbelief in lis existence, and the consequent refusal to do anyUiing towards its removal. Can it be expected that in o population where the children have grown up without religious education or knowledge, without any re cognition of tho restraints of law, in whose eyes caUlc-PUaling is not a crime, but an occupation in which (kill and success coverall offences, much anxiety will be felt that a clergyman should reside amongst them, or that bis servlcoe should be remunerated by their payments? For such localities religious ordinances must he provided by others. Tho help must ccznc from without ; and why the Government should pay policemen, gaolers, and judges, and sot olergymen as well as schoolmasters, it would be hard on any sound principle of social economy to t&y.; He may call himself a philanthropist, but he is not a philoso pher, who hopes to make a people moral by any other agency then that of religion ; and ho is equally unwise who supposes that a people in such circumstances as I have described will re form themselves, External aid Is absolutely necessary, and will, X trust, in this ease be obtained, On the second Bund&y; of my stay at Bathurst, I preached in the afternoon at the new church of Feel. Three memorial windows for members of the founder's (Mr. Bnttor's) family, have been r recently put up; and when the church Is completed, it will he one of the many good and appropriate hnildioge, for which we are mainly indebted to the munificence of private individuals. On my return to prcaoh at Bathurst in the evening, I met with an accident, which might have been attended with serious eon- ; sequences, bring thrown out of the carriage with considerable force. 1 desire to acknowledge (he goodness of Almighty God in my preservation, and in my ability to resume my journey on the day but one after the accident occurred. Our visit to Carco&r; was somewhat saddened by the dangerous and painful illness of the Rev. J, A. Burke* A confirmation was held, and the journey towards Forbes resumed by way of Cano wiuara and Qoimbla. In this part of oar journey we heard much of the exploits of tbo bushrangers, and were inmates of three houses which had beep attacked by them, The evil if, In many instances, clearly irftteatrle to tho habits and iaetcs contracted on the gold-fields. The interruption of ; quiet industrious labour, the excitement attendaut upon the pos sibility of becoming suddenly rich— the power of obtaining money easily, and yet by modes not strictly honest, led from one kind of theft to another, from stealing stock to plundering travellers. When it is considered that on the diggings at Forbes there were at one time E&id; to be liG.OOO souls, that seven theatres, and a pro portionate numbtrof public-houses, and every form of temptation, assailed the morality of the place, it is not surprising that I ehculd express my opinion at a public meeting, that Forbes was happier in its decay than in its full blown prosperity, and that the 12C0 people who remain arc to he congratulated that, with the removal of so large a portion of tho population- so much of vice sheuld also have departed, A violent storm of wind hod passed over the town, levelling many caxvae houses with the ground, dismantling the Great Eastern IloUl, and blowing the roof from the theatre. Three places of worship bad been proetrated ; the Church of England rim&uied; unshaken, It is a handsome and large structure, built of pine, and during tho three services and confirmation on Sun day was well filled, Lower down the river Lacblan than Forbes, & short visit was paid to the station of Mr. Strickland, at Bundaburra, an excel lent friend to tho Chnrch, and where the advantages of a resident clergyman are fully appreciated and exemplified. On rctnrning to Forbes, a meeting was held to devise means for the payment of the remaining debt upon the church, and the consideration of other matters connected with the parish* Considering the depressed state of the district much was done ; a considerable s^m had been raised, and with the help or £100 from the Church Society, it w«» tunt til? debt wonld be extinguished. Tbe Chnrch Society was indeed a benefactor to the district before the town of Forbes had any existence. When the L&chlan; diggings were first discovered the pastoral district was under the charge of the Rev. Mr. Brownrigg, who had been sent there in connection with the Church Boclety, and was on the spot and prepared to do all in his power to meet the emergency which had so suddenly arisen. He had great energy, but the powers of the most active could avail little in a pastoral district already sufficiently large into which a population cf thousands and tens of thousanda w&b; suddenly poured. But now that tbe population is reduced within limits which make it possible to re&eh; to minister to it the effects of Mr. Brownrigg'e labours arc seen in the substantial chnrch, the commodious parsonage, in the interest in tbe Church's work wbich was awakened and is still sustained there, and in the repu tation which be and hie immediate successor, Mr. InneB, have left behind them. Their work is carried on by the present incumbent steadily and successfully, and his efforts are well seconded by the lay mem bers of the Chnrch. A few suggestions which 1 made were kindly received, and in one instance, at kaet, promptly acted upon. The parsonage is 6omc miles from Forbes, having been built before the town was formed, and as the vestry of the church is sufficiently large for the purpose, I proposed that it should be fitted up as a kind cf prophet's chamber, is order that the clergyman might have a room in the town in wbich to sleep and take his evening meal, The idea was met with approval, and the next morning as Mr. Bsr nier was on hi6 way to join our party, a good woman who had fcecc at the meeting the previous evening promised him the first instalment towards the furnishing of bis vestry by the gift of a pillow. From Forbes to Orange is seventy-fire miles. The latter place was reached on Friday, the 7tb cf October. On the following day tbe burial-ground was consecrated, and on Sunday three ser viae were held, the confirmation being in the afternoon. The church has been enlarged, and now holds 300 people, and a very extensive district surrounding Orange, comprising the Cano bias Mountain, the Weniworth Gold-fields, Molong, and Shcp htrd'e Creek, and extending even to Btoney Creek and Burran dong, has been cared for by tbe Rev. Robert May&c.; He had for athort litre been ass if tedby the Rev, Edward 'Synge, who met re at Forbes, and returned with us to Orange, Mr. Synge, taking one part of Mr. M&yne;'e district, the Utter had been enabled to visit the more distent portions, and to prepare some of the young people for confirmation, On the Monday following, a meeting was held at which the wants of the district were tr.ken into consideration, and much that is encouraging was said and done. Mr. Mayne drew a fcssen&hle; and graphic picture, in which he contrasted the past with the present condition of tbe district, and attributed to the Church Society, under God, tbe chief share in the change that had taken place. When be arrived, there was not one place of worship in connexion with the Church of England. There arc now fve. two of them being substantial stone and brick build ings, and by means of valuable lay assistants, services are regu lnily Leld in tfccm ol U 3 he number of free selectors is considerable. The gold-fields at Vcntwoith arc attracting additional population, and tho time EC-ems to have arrived for the appointment of a second clergyman, Or&rge; itself will, I doubt not, falfll its engagement to pay the stipend of a clergyman who will devote his time mainly to the residents in the township and its immediate neighbourhood Orange appears to be in a prosperou* condition. I wu informed that 15,0(0 quarters of wheat were arown last year, with but little appearance of rust, and, if railway communication could be ex tended to thie district, the advantages would be felt not only there but in Sydney iUelt The maintenance of a second clergyman is, however, a serious addition to the calls upon the adjoining district, and I do not think it possible to accomplish this without the external rid that ro&T; he looked for from the Church Society. At a meeting at Orange it was resolved that contributions should be r&ised; for the stipend of one clergyman, an endowment fund waf commenced, £'5 per annum for Ave years being sub scribed in the room ; and it was alsointimsted that for a married clergymen a parsonage would be built. Here, as well as at Batbum, 1 dwelt upon the necessity of making permanent pro vision for (heme intenance of the clergy, and found great readi ness to commence a fond for that purpose. Another subject upon wbich I addressed them was the forma tion of an additional bishopric for the west— a Bishopric of Bathurst. There is sufficient wealth in the district to supply the neccseary fur.de, and the marked success which has attended the erection of the Southern Bishopric affords on encouraging prece dent for such & project. While I was engaged in visiting tbe far West of my present dioceec, my right rev, brother the Bishop of Gonlburn was similarly engaged in the fionth. Portions of my former diocese which n&d; never been visited by me have been reached by him, additional clergymen have been provided, local efforts called forth, and an interest elicited in the work of tbe Chnrch which had never before been felt. An Irish Roman Catholic in the interior who had kindly re ceived end refreshed me on one of my journeys, upon my thanking her fox the hospitality so freely afforded, replied to the effect that it was tbry who were under the obligation, ' for sure if it was not for the likes of such as yon coming to see us in the bush, we'd be lost entirely.' This was her estimate of the value of a Bishop's visit, and It was to my own mind a pleasant reflection that while 1 was journeying in one portion of the eastern side of thie great Australian continent, fonr of my right reverend brethren were similarly- occupied between Brisbane and Victoria. Great indeed is the change which a quarter of & century has witnessed, Instead of & Metropolitan of India whose province included Australasia, we have now fourteen Bishops endeavouring to spread the blessings of Christianity and education throughout this new division of the world From Orange we proceeded north and west to Molong. where a confirmation was held in the afternoon, and a public meeting on behalf of the Church Society in the evening. At tho latter. & collection of £4 lOe, was made, and though in consequence of tbe rain and the rising of the creek, I was unable to attend, Mr. 6ynge and Mr. Mayne, whose quarters were on the a&mc; side of tbe crcck as the place of meeting, gave the necessary information and elicited a liberal amount of aid. 1 may here observe that I did not omit many opportunities of advocating the cause of the Church Society, and hope that its finances have to some small extent been assisted by my endeavours. Molong, which is a thriving agricultural and pastoral district, would form a very suitable point from which a clergyman might extend his labours west and north on the Bogan, and east and north on some of the smaller gold-fields. To make Molong bis principal residence, and generally the scene of his Sunday labours, and to travel from thence in the directions I have indicated, would be a great boon to a wide and thinly populated district. The day following our arrival at Molong I rode eighteen miles to hold a confirmation in one of the most humble of the many places in which I officiated, & slab building with a bark roof. Still it sufficed for the present requirements of the locality. It was neatly kept, had the appear ance end commodious arrangements of a chnrch, and from con siderable distances thirteen youag people, with their friends, b&d; assembled at this central point, Shepherd's Creek, to bo con firmed. 1 felt amply repaid for my thirty-six miles ride at seeing how much tbe viGit was appreciated, and how surely the work of their faithful and conscientious pastor was telling upon the young people, ' Tbe next day we parted from our kind friends at Molong, and passed into a portion of the country which was formerly the scene of very active gold mining operations, and which Is still partially worked, At Ironbarks divine service was held in the evening, and on the following morning three young persons, who could not reach Shepherd's Creek, were confirmed. After this service we proceeded, still accompanied by our two olerical friends, and halting for an hour in the middle of tbo day by tbe banks of tbe Bell River, we reached the township of Wellington— here, as in all ether places, being kindly met by the clergymen and some of the residents a few miles distant from the place. Wellington is, properly speaking, at tbe northern extremity of my diocese, but by an arrangement which is mutually advan tageous to the Bishop of Newcastle and myself, 1 take charge of the district of Dnbbo, inconveniently distant and inaccessible from Newcastle. The good land ana extensive pastoral district of Wellington will always make it a place of local importance, and ee (he former real of a mission to tho aborigines, it had a peculiar interest for us. Bomeof tbe fruits of that mission rc» mfic : three well-dressed members of the arternoon congregation came from the Apriey Aboriginal Missions, bringing their prayer book acd repeating the responses in a very becoming manner. The services were held in the morning, at Montefiores, and in the afternoon and evening at Wellington in the Court-house, I em glad to say that the plans for a new brick Church ore now in the hands of Mr. Blscket* and tbe necessary funds appear to be forthcoming. One liberal friend had offered £260, on condition th&t; tbe Church was completed within a year. 1 induced tho {forties interested to select a better site for tho chnrch than the one which had been originally fixed upon, by a promise that I would plcBd their cause with the Church Society for the £30 necessary for the purchase of the land, and by a further promise to lay the first etonc, God willing, if there was a reasonable expec tation of finishing the Church within the year 1865, An excellent brick building has been erected as a hospital. The arrangements for the patients appeared to be admirable, and wc owe much to the care of the police magistrate, Mr, Marsh* It i6 hardly possible to overrate the advantage and comfort of a well conducted hospital in the interior. Tbe Bhepherd or the sawyor can have little hope of recovery from dangerous illness, or Occi dent, if be has no othpr conveniences or attendance but those which bis own hut supplies. To be provided with medical aid, suitable food, end proper attention, he must resort to tho hos pital, In addition to the one at Wellington, 1 would specially name that at Carcoar as enjoying a deservedly high repatation amongst all the settlers and labouring men— a reputation which it owes principally to the tkill and care of ite medical attendant— Dt, Rowland, From Wellington Mr. Mayne returned to bis ovq distriot, having been very useful in assisting the Rev. Mr. Garvin, whose state of health, I regret to say, rendered suou aseletance timely and even necessary. Mr. Syngc had on the Saturday, preceded us to Dubbo, to bold Sunday services in that place. On Monday wc&lao; followed, nnd Divine rcrvice end a moetiog for church purposes were bold iu the court-house in the evening. Some years ogo a church and parsonage bed been erected, and were for a time in use, bat the great extent of the district, and the impoasibility of collecting the EubscriptioneforlheclergymaD'e stipend, had Jed to his with drawal ; and as the clergyman at Wellington had for some time been too ill to visit Dubbo, the members of the Chnrch of England had been deprived of the services of a clergyman of their own communion* Itwas agreed by those present, to guarantee a certain annual sum, on condition that the clergyman should reside at Dnbba, and that his district ehould not be of aucb extent as practically to deprive the residents at Dubbo of the greater part of his services. This proposal was reannable, end happily In this caee alec practicable. For, on the supposition that an additional clergyman 1b placed at Molong and ou the Bogan, the work of the Dubbo clergyman will be limited to the Macnuarie Hirer, and one or two or its tributary creeks. Tbe Castlereagh River is now vkited by an active and zealous clergyman, the Rev, Mr* Wilson, from the diocese of Newcastle (which was also formerly included in the district attached to Dubbo), The sncceis of this place must, however, depend upon the aid to he obtained from the Church Society. Unices a hun dred a year be contributed from that source, s resident clergyman cannot be maintained, My experience leads me to tbe conclusion that it Is not possible to obtain more than £200 per annum from a district such as Dnbbo without making the clcrgymau's'spherc of labour much too large, and thereby defeating the principal design cf having a resident minister. Tbe parsonage and chnrch at v Dnbbo are to be put in repair, and some additions made to the former at an estimated cost of £08; and here again I led them to bopetbatlhe aid of the ftscifcW might, perhaps, be given. Considerable expense had formerly inquired by the inhabitants (especially by Mr. Cornish, at tbai time miuCT.t iz1 the neighbourhood) when the district was in a prosperous condition ; and now tuit tiiey wore again making an effort to restore the puhlio worship of God, it seemed to me only right and proper that wc should endeavour to aid them* Having visited the school, and fixed upon a site for a future and more permanent church* liberally offered by* Dr. Tibbete, we proceeded'on our way to Barbital, the station or Mr. Thomas, where we were kindly entertained until tbe following day. Here we parted with Mr. Synge, who was to puraue a northerly course to Fort Bourke, while we turned our faces towards Mudgee, Mr. Synge hae since carried out his intention, and is, 1 believe, at the present time in districts of which few of my hearers know more than the names, Warrego and Paroo, I had the opportunity on this journey of learning from some of the settlers, what were their feelingBwhen, six or eight years ago, they were first visited by Mr* fiynge, 1 heard their grateful acknowledgments of tbe benefits conferred by his labours and of the local efforts that have been drawn forth by his influence. A long days' journey of fifty-seven miles brought us within three hours of Mudgee, too late, however, ia the erenlog for a 6(rvice I had hoped to hold. The Elation of Mr. Rouse, where we Sseeed the night, is visited every third Sunday by one of tbe iudgee clergymen, A curate bed long been necessary in that hrgg Asd increasing township* The assistance has not dlminifihed the labours of the Rev, J, G anther— it enables him to supply three important localities with a Sunday service once in three weeks. In this respect there is a beneficial cbaxxgc at Mudgee, sod one which cannot fail to be productive of great good. 'VTaYMfhrn Hi*'** the following morning, when the confinna tim4'wir Bible socie., Church Society's meeting the following day* with tints w hospital and other institutions, occupied the time, and after the UEU&1 services on Sunday and collections for the Cbutch Society, we set forward on Monday morning for Ryletoue, where the church was to be coneecratcd. Before leaving the district of Mudgee* I moot express my ad miration . of the beauty and fertility of much of the country around, and my belief that railway communication will be of im mense advantage to the city of Bydney ae well as to the district itself, Theproductive capabilities are very great, and the present traffic along the roads is so considerable as evidently to require increased facilities for its transport. The church at Mudgee, built &t; the cole cost of the pxriehionerfi (tbe Church Society paying interest for a term of years) has still a coueiderable debt upon it, On our way to Ryletonc, we halted at Mr. Beyley'a, who liberally offered £6Q0 towards tbe liquida tion of the debt, on condition that the whole was paid off iu the rear 1865— a condition which was accepted, and will, I hope and believe, he complied with. It is then proposed to complete the handsome tower which forms a portion of tbe de&igu;, Rylstone is about thirty miiea from Mudgee. The chnrch has bcrn bnilt some years, and was liberally aided by the Church Society. It forms one of tbe three principal oat-statlona* ecrved by Mr. Gonther and bis active auistant, tbe Rev. Mr. Ross. The church w&s; consecrated in the morning, and in the afternoon accompanied by the two clergymen, I rode to Cudgejong, and held eervice in a new Echoolroom, which was here recently bnilt under the auspices of Mr. Cumber* and to wbich tbe Cburch Society contributed £25. Cudgegong is beautifully situated, and the schoolhonEc will, I trust, iu many ways be a boon to the residents; as it is only eleven miles from By latent, eervice can be held in it occasionally on Sunday. On the following day Mr, Ross returned early to Mudgee, and Mr. Guntber accompanied me our the ranges to Sofaia, a diat&noe; cf about tweaty miles. I had passed by this road en a former occasion, and was now struck with the increase of the population, la secluded places, comfortable hcme&tcads; bad been formed. I give no opinion upon the legislation which bos established free selection, but as a traveller, 1 must hear testimony to the altered, and to my eye the improved, appearance of much of the country in consequence of that measure. In lieu of interminable solitudes of gam trees, tbe green oases of cultivation, axd the signs of improvement vary and gladden the scene. Disappointment and failure there will be ; families suffer from the want of schools, and of the ordinances of religion; and free selection has greatly increased the difficulty of supplying the population with the means of grace, but wherever successful it will bring into existence that which has hitherto been one of the great wants of the colony, a respectable yeoman population: It must be the c ue of the Church and of th&e; dcncminatioDB to wbich the people belong, to provide as far qb possible for their spiritual nccc^iiies. 1 am glad to observe that there ie in the public mind a growing conviction that the State should make ptortsiou, lu pai i at le^et, Air the religions instruc tion of the sparsely scattered population of the interior. They who originated this state of things in the districts at prveent oc cupied by the free selectors, should endeavour to remove one of its great acknowledged evils. The present outbreak of bush ranging may be regarded as, to a certain extent, accidental ; it has arisen from causes which ere not always in sclion* but the disease may become chronic, and will Inevitably do so unless remedies wbi.b etTiUo Ita '*ery toot ut capi^cft, Physical force may repress it, bat nothing can eradicate it but the introduction of religious and moral principles. If tbe weeds ate to be exterminated, good seed must be carefully sown. In recent instancea, tbe influence of ecclesi isiica has been suc cessful where the efforts of tbe police have failed- Would it not have been less expensive to the country if a larger amount of that influence had been employed* even though it .had been paid for? Tbe disli ict of the Abercroinlic at this moment 16 indebted to the Church Society £48 Is. on account of unpaid stipend. Two excellent end valuable clergymen were placed in that dis trict. One was drowned while returning from his dalies, His successor was withdrawn because there being no Government stipend, and tbe people who were cither willing or able to pay a clergyman being iu that district very few in number, the means of supporting a clergyman altogether failed. And thus in a dis trict where of all others in the colony tbe influence of a clergy man was most required, and would have been most useful, he conld not be maintained. Kucli facts are worthy of consideration by those who are called upon to legislate for tbe future welt being of tho colony. On the evening of my arrival at Sofala, service was held in th* church, and was well attended. The following day, Wattle Flat, an outstation, was visited, and though the rain feH heavily, a congregation ot twcfity-flre per sons assembled for Divine service. The Chinese arc here in considerable numbers. They have now a native missionary at work amongst them- He appeared an in telligent man— not knowing English, it ie tree, and evidently anxious to do good amongst his countrymen. The expenses of his mission a re borne fay the Pr«6by tcrian body, and he himself ia instructed, and to some extent directed, by a resident lady. It was gratifying to witness this attempt to impart the know ledge of Christianity to the stranger within our gates. Twice on Sunday he holds his assembly, and. from forty to fifty Chinese at tend the service. This effort has given great offence to the Joss house party, and a proclamation in the Chinese character was largely posted .Voout Sofala, reprobating the attempt, and charg ing the Christians with vices from which the Coinese declared themselves to be free. The Rev, George Stiles, tho clergyman at Sofala, follows tbe example of hie energetic predecessor ltev. H. Palmer* and at an early hour we were on our way to Tamb&roora;, a mountain ride of thirty miles, which took eight hours to accomplish. A con firmation at three o'clock* asd Divine service at eeven o'clock* when a large congregation attended, and an address was pre sented and reply made* filled up the remainder of a somewhat long ^The following morning we returned to Bofala, and the day after being Sunday, tbe confirmation was held in the morning, and service In tbe ereaiag. Tbe day and Sunday schools were in a flourishing condition, while the number confirmed, forly-four persons* showed that much pains had been taken with the younger portion of the community. The parish is ons which extmplifles the value of lay assistance* and the stipend of the clergyman is pud through the Gold-fields Mission Fund* on a principle wbich might be beneficially adopted by the 6tate. The contributions of the people up to & certain sum are met by a grant of equal amount from the Gold field Mission Fund, _ In two days I reached Walleraw&ng;, and at Hartley held a second confirmation for some who ban not the opportunity of Attending on a former occasien. By the end of the week we had reached Rouse Bill near Windsor* where, and &t; Castle Sill* con firmations were held on Sunday* November 6th. Tbe occasion was a very gratifying one, The churohea arc both new, and owe their erection to individuals interested in the respective districts, aided by the Church Society, which also supplies one-third of the clergyman's stipend. As this journey began so did it conclude* in a loc&Ulv; wbich afforded remarkable evidence of the benefits arising from tbe operations of this aoclety* No One can he acquainted with the past history and present con dition of the parishes in question without acknowledging that the Chnroh Society has been the means, under God, of restoring them from aa apparently hopeless to a very flourishing condition io respect to schools, churchcB, teachers, and, everything that indi cates energy in the pastor, aod life amongst the people. On the Bund ay 1 spent tllcre seventy-five persons were confirmed, twenty-seven having rcoeived that ordinance at Pennant Hills' in the month of August— 102 persons had thus offered themselves for confirmation in the districts nnder Mr. Taylor'e charge. After the interval of one week, I resumed my visitation of the dioccsc by taking the steamer to Wollongong. The confirma tion was held on tbe morning after zny arrival, Divine service in the evening, and collections made ob both occasions for the Church Society. The ecrrices at the various ouUtations oonnected with Wollongong arc kept up with regularity, and the number of persons attending them U encouraging. A curato or cotechist would be a great assistance, particularly &b; the mountain sides asd oven the summits of the ranges are being brought under cultivation, while harbour improvements aod colLiericseaiploy s considerable num ber of men, On the following morning a confirmation was held at Dapto, and after the service a meeting* at which it wau agreed that measures should be taken for providing a curate to assist the Rev, Mr. Simpson. Several gentlemen present agreed to become responsible for £20 per annum each, and s confident belief was expressed that tbe whole amount would be forthcoming, In that cose a curate will be provided by tho ordination of & student from Moore College. Buch aKletanco is greatly needed* and will be of much service to a scattered population* The following day & co&firmation; was held for the first time at ShcUharhour* a portion of the Jamberoo parish. Tho municipal bodies have been active in that district, and appear to have managed their affairs with discretion. Travelllug from Wolloa froog to Jamberoo is easy and pleasurable, tbe roads are excel ent, and it is cow possible to admire tbe beautiful country through which they are o&rried.; Twenty-four young persons were confirmed at Bhellh arbour and twenty-six at Janibcreo on tbe following day. A kind address of welcome to the former place was presented, and muoh satiifaoUon expiesBed by the people on tbs occasion of the first visit of their Bishop; Two acrvices were held at Jamberoo, ? morning and evening. Preparations are making for the erection of a new church on a site kindly given by a resident parishioner, The parsonage was built some time ago ; and considering the cir cumstances ef the district, and that they are called upon to pay two-thirds of their olergy man's stipend (the other third is paid by the Church Society) these efforts are highly creditable to them. On tho fellowlng Sunday o confirmation was held at Kiana, She somber of candidates (fifty-three) was considerable for tbe (li&tricti; The Kiaua Cburch was not sufficient accommodation for sll who desire to attend, soda gallery is to be added at the west end. Here I learned that a considerable number of free selectors were settled on the Sassafras Range, not far from Bong Bong and Wingrcarribeo. They are at a great distance from Kiunm and Jamberoo, but having many of them gcuc from the Illawarra dietrictlbey made their way aown te the coast. One hundred families are said to be living there, and at present no one resides among tbem as their pastor. The Rev. Mr. WilsoD. and Rev. Mr. Corlette, agreed to go there* and upon their report I shall be prepared to act. From tbe conversation 1 had with one of the free selectors it would appear that there are many members of our Church among tbem ; and my wish is to place a resident catecblst there who woula conduct services and a school* Although the Church Society already give £100 per annum to Jstnberoo, ] must appeal to tbem for this additional aid* The meons of the people are scanty enough, but they are willing to give labour towards tbe erection of a schoolhouse, and residence for the catecblst ; and 1 sincerely trust that our constituents will enable us to accomplish this most desirable scheme. On Monday morning, 1 set out by the coast for Bhoalharen, and at Jcrringoog held service in & schoolhouse, which is regu larly visited on Bunday afternoons by Mr, Wilson. Oa the Monday morning on which I was there 100 persons assembled for divine service. The value of these bush chapels and their schools and services none can tell. In this very schoolhouse, seven orcighi years ago, a circumstance occurred which impressed me at the time. A re spectable women who bad left a part of England near to my own parish, and had long been settled in the bush far from a church or clergyman* told mo that one night she dreamed that she heard the bells of Gunton church, and was preparing to go there as of old, when the awoke and, to her deep disappointment, found that it w&b; but a dream. In a short time after* one told ner that tbe Jerlngong schoolhouse was to be opened, and that the bishop (whom she had known before) was to pre&oh;, and now she said ' My dream has ccmc true.' Her looks and evident gladness of heart at again being able to go with them who made holy' day gavo mc a deep sense of the value of those attempts to carry the ordinances of God's House into the wilderness. The two clergymen of thie district accompanied me to fihoalbsveo, tiom whence on tbe following day X rode to Ulladuila, a dis tance of forty-five miles. This fertile corner of my diocese forms its southern boundary on the coast. It h&B; a boat harbour, upon which a considerable sum is being expended to make it safer and more available for the steamer which calls there once a week* The Church Society contributes £50 per annum towards the malntance of a catecblst, who conducts service oa three Buadays in ihe month when the Rev. Mr. Young, the clergymas from Bhoalhaven* is not there, The church is prettily situated, and is & very good inecimcn of what may be accomplished where a little lorethougbt and skill have been exercised, Itcostahout £500. It is very neatly kept, and, with the adjoining school* wbich 1 examined with fcauefaclion, presents a pleasant sight. I held service on Wednesday evening, and had a large cdngrega tion from the surrounding farms, though tbe night was dark and unfavourable. The next morning the confirmation was held. Twenty-one young persons offered themselves, At two o'clock I was on my return to fiho&lfaaTen;, intending to have service by the way. At a place called Tamaretg, near the head of JerviB Say, a few eetllere, and a considerable number of sawyera em ployed by Mr. Goodlct and others in Bydney, are located. The Vllndolla catecblst, Mr, Dove, holds & Bunday service there much to the satisfaction cf the people, who to the number of ?evinty or a hundred attend with regularity. Letters had been cent to the schoolmaster and also to the innkeeper announcing my Intention to halt there on my return from Bboialhaven ; unfortu nately they had not been delivered, and no preparation had been made* or notice given. At Bhoalhaven itself the disastrous effects of the floods ore but too plainly visible. Rust in the wheat, and disease In the cattle had also vieited the district, which was consequently in a vew 5cfK«ea stale. The residence of the^--;; ;„.'nonre lent by Alexander Berry, Esq , and is in itself convenient, but the situation hue some disadvantages, and it was deemed desirable to endeavour to build elsewhere iu a more elevated situation. A meeting was held, the matter with all its difficulties foiiydis cussed* and a resolution passed that a beginning should he made. The sum of £200 was promised iu tbe room. 1 trust that an effort made under such great discouragements will be successful, and that thus a permanent endowment for the parish will be secured. 1 promised to lay their case before the committee charged with the management of the Endowment Fund, There was a confirmation on Sunday morning, and an afternoon eervice was held at Nowra, and an evening service at Terrara* With this evening service my visitation labours ended, unless, iedeed, 1 include a visit to the gaol at Wollongong* where I found the Rev. Mr, Ewing* be is his wont on Monday morning i&tirucling; the prisoners, and was led to address a few words to them during the short time that the steamer remained in the harbour. I have not time to enlarge upon topics which do not strictly fail within the purpose of this addreE6, but I cannot help observing that while the resources of thie country appear to be inexhausti ble and all tbe elements of prosperity exist amongst us* the com plaints of distress were everywhere to be heard. There is evi dently room enough* and bread enough— and to spare— in this habitation, which & Father's bounty has provided ; and yet as one looks upon the scene, disease* distress, and crimes of violence disturb its fair appearance* and to one who becomes acquainted with the ignorance of the interior, and the frightful immorality and intemperance prevalent upon the gold-fields* the sight ia truly saddening. 41 The people turn not to Him that emitcth them,' waB the observation made to me by one long resident in the colony. The s&mc; good man urged that in our cir cumstances a day of humiliation was imperatively required* and though not an Episcopalian himself* desired that the Bishop would cause one to be proclaimed. Everywhere I found a disposition on the part of the members of the Church to meet the requirements of their own district. It is in Bydney chiefly th&t; the free contributions to tho work of the Church Society arc given. From four parties alone £600 at leas u will be given to the funds of the Church Society in thie year, and no doubt five-sixthe of that amount will be paid to the country dis tricts. A well organised syetsm of deputations to the country would elicit much more aid to the general fond of the Cburch Society, and enable ub to carry on thoee missionary operations which arc so much needed iu the interior. We require men* and 1 am thankful to 6ay that Moore College continues to eend forth some who prove themselves to be well furnished for their work, and whose labours ate indirectly tell ing upon the people. Men* suitable, qualified men, have in all times been tbe great want of tbe Church, and still as &t; all times the direction given is 'Pray we, there fore, the Lord of the harvest that He would send forth labourers into the harvest,' There is indeed much to humble us when we look at ourselves. The organisation of the Church Is admirable, though capable of improvement, but the inpouring, animating, quickening spirit is greatly needed. An apestoUc Cburch requires in common consistency, men of apostolic spirit, of untiring ceergy and glowing zeal, while seeking tbe salvation of sonl6 ; men who, night and day* from house to house, from station to elation, to men tlnely. to multitudes in ihe great assembly, will preach Christ, and by their life and doctrine set forth the glory of God* and set forward tbe salvation of men. It is good to build and endow churches, and maintain the ordinances of religion, but tho scaffolding is not unto itself, it is unto the building ; and all our care, and time* and labour will fail of tbtir highest end if we do not bring men into union with Christ— placing them on Him as the true and only foundation of thrir hope of Heaven, and seeking for them the grace and power of the Holy Ghost, that they may grow up into Him in aU things. This spirit of love to tho Saviour aud to the sou Is sf men is what we all need, and I earnestly ask the prayers of the Church at this approaching season of Ember week* not only that fit per rons maybe wi6tly and faithfully chosen to serve, iu the sacred ministry of the Church, hut that all who arc engaged in that ministiy moy daily increase and go forward in the knowledge end faith of God and of His blessed Bon by the Holy Bpirit, 1 ask, also, that the claims of the Church Society may be recog nised and more liberal aid be given. For l&ck; of knowledge, the people pcrisb ; on every side the cry is heard, ' Come over and help ue*' and* whaterer else has to be done, surely this ie the moBt urgent and pressing claim that men should be supplied with the means of grace and the miniEtratious of that Word which can alone give spiritual life. Our Conference and subsequent Synod will, 1 trust, unite and strengthen the whole body, but, while preparations &re; making for these, there e&n; be no juat reason why we should neglect another asd equally important duty. 1 propose to invitcthe Conference to assemble in the first week in February. Ie the zeal of the Church to slumber for the next few months! Are the earnest petitions for help for three addi tional clergymen and catechiets to be set aside until we have agreed as to the precise mode in which the temporal affairs of the Cburch are to be administered t I cannot think that this is a wise or Christian course, and my conviction is eo strong of the pressing necessities of these dis tricts that 1 have taken this unusual method of bringing them before the Church, and ask that you will aid in sending out mere men by placing larger contributions at the disposal of the com mittee* I have also asxed that a special collection may be made this evening. Iu tbe country I have sometimes e&id; that where the Bishop officiated he expected a collection for the Church Society, o for the Gold-Field Mission Fund ; and I know no reason why the country should be thus taxed* and you should be allowed to go free. Large contributions, I am aware, come from some of those who are bore to-night; but I have generally found that the persoos who gfre much are those who give more, We aha!! none of us eventually be the poorer for what we give (now* and the circumstances require a special effort* And now I will bring my address to a close. I am hopeful for the country* end for the Church, and am thankful for the grounds on which I can risk this hope. There is an evident increase of earnestness and of effort. Good men in different quarters are labouring for the same end* and 1 know th&t;, in answer to tbe prayers of His servants* sup plies of grace will be vouchsafed by our Divine Master. I must sot omit to thank his Excellency for the liberal aid and constant presence and wire counsel with which he sustains the efforts of the Church Society, and for his kindness in presiding this evening. It is a good discourse wbich produces good fruit; and what 1 desire is that a more thoughtful consideration may he given to the condition of the country and to the nature of the remedies to be applied to meet existing evils— that more of the spirit of Daniel sod Ezra and Nebemlah may be found among us— the spirit of humiliation, the spirit of true patriotism* which is a prayerful* disinterested* God-fearing spirit— that the pastors of Christ's flock m&y; he more devoted* and that the members thereof m&y; feel more deeply tbe responsibility and privilege of helping forward God's cause in the land* and that all they who beir and they who read my words may be more earnest in seeking their own salvation, ud more careful to adorn the doc trine of their God and 6aviour in all things. Thus will they he like servants ready for their Lord, or the Bride prepared for the Bridegroom— waiting for that second advent wbich is at this season specially brought to mind— with strong desire and glad preparation ef heart, crying to Him, 14 Come, Lord Jesus,' come and make this sinful world thehabita lion of Thy Glory, A collection was made iu aid of the funds of the Church Society and upwards of £80 realised. Mr. Justice Wise then moved the following resolution : ' That this meeting hos heard with muoh catisfaction the interesting statements wbich have been given by the Lord Bishop of the heneflts conferred upon thrf diocese through the agency of the Church Society, sua earnestly hopes that the appeal now made to the members of tbe Churoh for increased support— so that addi tional clergy may be sent into the districts where such spiritual destitution prevails— will be generally aud liberally re sponded to.' Bis Honor spoke at some considerable length, in support of the resolution, urging the necessity incumbent upon sll members of the Anglican Church in this colony to make constant and liberal contributions for Bustaiuing aud ox tending the miLietraiions of the ChuTch in the ioterior. Ho thought tbo clergy ought to impress upon the laity tbe peculiar obligations of their duty in this respect. Mr. M. E, Mu&nin; seconded the motion* which was put and carried unanimously. On tbe motion of the Very Rev. the Dkxm of Btonet a vote of thanks was awarded to fats Excellency Sir John Young, for his kindness in presiding. The Chaiiihan briefly acknowledged the compliment, and expressed the great satisfaction which he had experionood in listening te tho Bishop's address. He joined iu the hope they must all b&vo; felt, that tho publication of tbe interesting state ments which his lordship had that evening made might be followed by an increased interest in the operations of the Church Society, and an enlarged measure of public support. The meeting was brought to a close with the doxology and the benediction. English Euros.—' We arc glad to learn from Mr* Glblio, of Stoke, that four of the skylarks recently liberated by the Nelson Acclimatisation Boclety, have taken up their abode upon hie farm ; and that he has discovered In afield of pe&s;, a neat con taining five eggs on which the hen bird waa sitting, 'With praise worthy attention Mr, Giblin has taken precautions to prevent tho nest from being disturbed* It is to be hoped that these favourite feathered songsters of old England will soon beoome familiar to the undents of this province,' - JS'xumfrier, lumber Jit 