IMPROVEMENTS AT THE HAYMARKET THEATRE. It is not a pleasant " memo" to borrow an unaccountable word which has got into Victorian popular use-for the oversea music in that its m Oil refined and attractive development, the lyric drama, to be reminded that this is the last week of the agreeable opera season, which Mr. Lyster's enterprise and taste, and the talent of his company, have given us dar- ing the last month or two. No more of the sweet strains of our excellent tenor, or of the vivacity and variety of Escott, or of the execution of Loder's well-drilled orchestra and chorus. After Saturday next the tuneful music must give place to her comic Sister, and mi melodious crop: of carpenters and painters. The Haymarket Theatre, albeit a very comfortable place to sit out an opera or a play, does not display very much of what the phrenologists would call the genius of con structiveness. To hear an opera or see a play if the chief is not the sole end of play going and we all more or less share the objections of the demonstrative Lord Mayor of London who demurred to the only remaining box and let at Her Majesty's Theatre that he could, no doubt, see the opera and the saltatory at ceteras that follow in that classic temple, but nobody could see him. To remedy, as far as possible, thee and soon acoustic defects, and, above all, the flatness of a pit as level as the plains of Keilor, prior to Mr. Hoskins taking possession for his forthcoming vaudeville and musical piece season, Mr. Pitt, mine host of the Garrick, in Bourke-street, and an experienced hand in theatre construction, as well as an excellent scenic artist, in conjunction with Mr. Conlon, as architect', has designed an entirely remodelled internal construction and arrangement of the house, contracts have been made with builders, carpenters, painters, &c;, and the work will be commenced after the close of Mr. Lyster's season on Saturday next. The theatre from stage to end wall will be entirely gutted and reconstructed, ned considerable improvements made in the box circles, which will be handsomely redecorated. We would especially urge on Messrs. Conlon and Pitt, in the interests of uurheumatio bones, to become the Sir Peter Laurie of the drama, and put down the shivering draughts which nightly need no ghost in "Hamlet" to freeze the blood, young and old. The public have now feasted on a long course of tragic and comic dainties, and as humanity rather inclines to light repasts after heavy solemn feasts Mr. Hoskins' forthcoming billoffarowillnodoubt be an agreeable and popular change fora season. As already indicated, vaudeville and light musical pieces, with an occasional dash of regular comedy, will constitute the dramatic attractions of the Hoskins season. The names that have already transpired in connexion with the engagements for the theatre afford very fair guarantee of good entertainment for the public throughout the remainder of the long and dull nights of winter. That old Australian favorite and excellent article, Lady Don, will be one of the chief supporters of the lighter comedy at the house, and will have good support in Mr. Hoskins himself, who had a high London as well as an Australian reputation as a light comedian. The names of Mr. and Mrs. F. Young will be a welcome announcement to the playgoing public, and the Howson Family will well sustain the interests of the theatre vocal, instrumental, and dramatic in the musical pieces. This class of entertainment will give good scope for the display of the talents of the Misses Emma and Clelia Howson, and the indications of great dramatic aptitude for comedy displayed by the latter young lady in the first opera season this year at the Haymarket will probably find a wider development, The other engagements are not yet known, but there can be little doubt, from the experience and taste of Mr. Hoskins, and the talent now at command In Australia, that the company will be in every way efficient to the production of the class of entertainments to which the house is for a time to be devoted. That most important port of a theatre, the orchestra will not be neglected, since the musical directorship has been given to Mr. Frank Howson, junior, a young musician o' acquire; mentB, taste, and enthusiasm. The seen! department, as we have mentioned, will be in the experienced hands of Mr. Pitt. 