MISCELLANEOUS. Onod apples can now be purchased in the Melburntee Elsteern Market at id per lb. A entgget weiglhing 10 oemces was found at Riaywoeol liat week. Since the Gret instant, newspapers posted in Ntew South Walesa hrav becaame chargeable witlh postage. . It is uaid that, the Gealong peoplel have at last arranged fur a visit from the All-Eeglhud Eleven. Neatly 2500 voluntecrs musatered at tit StnbuIty etcaaeltmpmnt. The review before Sir Chlarlea Dlarlilg woe a dcielud asuccess. Soevenral atticulturtl auiotha in Viatoatia anai ewv Sooth Wale Iltve tada alppllication ta GCverl nmeute for saed whent. The Court ie e al otel at Ilglewoald hlo 'wela destroyev l by fire. Tie proptitoar, Mr. P ppet tell, hia bhae oaa eatd onita ch.uriu. of li' rl eates, thie gill dlieetvertr of Ntew ttnh Wideale, Ihas givetI it no his tpiteian that a Isntyle goldfield due., not exisaat it S uth Aiu. ti.dill. A t tltl Ihts set in to theo Rtoky FLat. leul, ,Ir i'lbotttt whoe somet geo.l prost eats attru oftitited etriy in the weak. The depth of the r sintitg i 110i feet. T'lihe nette are sli I staittig it at the Mel. htottrttu laynmarklet. PiFahiott fills the home and the Io lnee', plcket; bet regtl.tr pity gates tf the old sclhool avoid there tmiserable ehibi tion~ of d-"crepid age and wnated etlwrqea. l'lThe price of bread itn Duaedin is one w.chllietac tatttl sixpenc the fottr lapttd lout, I3nlltli sufi'ering anttngnt the eworking luases is nteici toted this winter. Tl',e Fottntty lintel, pituated at the. corner `e of King Street and FLitider's Lane, was burued of down ott Satur day ist, cautsing the death of Stwo lndgers, one of whelt wa burnted to death I and the other ppurently sauffucated. is Thell'arrtanabool Eraeteint:r, ateticipatitg the rt retiretment of irt- Dolly from Parliameot, adtl the dlefeat of Me I eland, should he put its aOt a nteientnce, statesL that a reqtiaitien to lafr I Thomas Monifold and Mr Jobh idofiat is in eI course faigenture, rttetesting thlUm to -'low themselves to be plncedl in nominatiion for Vellliers ntid Heytealbuty at thle next election. S To T omitdentl of tlhe firte.r.isa iln Yorkshire scent to find imititorts. 'Vhi Talbot Leatttr Sr:ays:--"Some enticious rused set fire to a parit of Mr Gordot's station, beotween Talbott I and Cluneos, ttn Wedtneodty afternoon. It was asertained tlhat the gaas Ihad been igtnited in three tliTerent places, anti a snat who was sue s pected was chasedl by Mr Gordlen and Mr. lRobertson, but escaped into the bash. bofore his puttsuoae ciuld ove tike hitit. It is to ie hopedl that the incendliary will he ntreatted nitl and severely puaiabetl for his dilboblito nte. tempt to ldestroy propelrty. \We Ihear that beyondte a contsidernlhle area of gass beling de stroyed, to damage has bootn done, but; the escpae sotme of the adjecent farmers have had. hins been a narrow one." Sttme extraordinory stories were circoiteotd y on Thurltlday afternoon in Mellahitrae as to the 1 ietogress of mininig at 'eeod's Point. A. con. aidtlerahle time ago, iMr Thrtclatoerton-well Sktnowns in Melbourne-invested n laiget sum in I thle purchltso of claims around Wond's - Puitnt, alid for some timne he husboo pendtieng heavily 6' in wotrking them. It was reported on the day , nmed tlhat tihe first crtshing fronm one of his e clinmslodl prnttdtedtl tfbulons amount of gold,, and before niglht it was confidently wlitsptreat Y from pteraon to person that tihe preciseanuttot "wis 1,200,tz. per ton. The truthl is, that in ai claimn ot the Wasverley BIeef, in whliclh er Torocktuorton is latgely interested, nuriferous :quartz lian been struck, which - promises-the n letturs say-to rival anything yet seen ont Wood's Point. The reef h.bl heen struck e previously, but the stone then foundt was loss Spromising. lMr Throckmorcnt we believe,.1evs s ater proceedsel to Wood's P oint. Gioborne d&et; ntot appear to be proaspeting Is as foromerly. Tihe local newspaper has stuce. r, cumbed to ndvedre circumstaces, and the editor has tlarted for WVoal'a Ptintt., whitiler °t it his valedictety'rtdlress he invites hiaftlli6w to towansmen to follow him. The address con co eludeos as follows :-We fear that prospotity is not to hbe fountd in this town. It is painful to ot see our biusineas men standing, day after day, . nas if thteyt hiad nothing to do but support the isidet of their doors; a r stanlding ynaling on the footpath, whilst a few geese, dogs and d goats remcain in utnoeleatedl possession of tour ro Streets. We give you the same advice that seto gtent to l.D-take your nwives and chlil. dron tend fleo from this place before you are o overtaken with hrlnt is worse than fire and r brnmstteaee- loss of energy, idle habita, itnlo! vneey and misery. The world is wide, and tt we e quite of opinion that it nhas not come ato all end; Woo l's Point holds forth greet a t'ttr -ctions, and is saying to you, 'Cone, comne.' a BItrctI on PnoMase IN.Low LIre.-At tIhe SSheriff Small-Debt Coint, Glasgonw, on Thara- day, thle case of P.ottatn, .i. Cairus wes heeard. S'lhais was a case in which thle pursuer, Jate e Paterston, residing at28 Dobbie's Loan, sued Stlhe defendter, Johni Cairas, lIbourer, also re - siting in Duobbi's Loan, for damtnages alleged f to have been sustaited iby puarsuer, in so fe. f as dlefender had promtised to marry her, and had failetd to implement the contract, thereby' causing eonasidouable damlnage and loss to pir suer. Tihe heating of the use created a gtoodl dleal of merriment in Court, which defenduer seemeond to enjoy very muchl. Thee soidisant bride appearedl to be cenfased. and blushed ctusidettrebly atn making lher apipeatnuce at the bar, bat evenotually became more composed ad confidentltt. The Sheriftf was desirous of amccorhitting whlen, where, ntd uander wlhat circumstances the brtach lhtd been committed. "Dear air," raid the pteraer, "I'll tellyoau a' about it. It was at the Pieartree Well he promiced to marry me, sir." " Never. mind her, my lord," said the defender, a somewhlat tawdry-look:ug chanmtuer, " she's not right in it the head." Thle dlefendetr, however, admitted to tihat they had boton regulartly proclaimaedl in churchl three times, but that thle would-bo i bride hlad paid thel expensea of the pttliention t of the ba'ts. This, hIowever, she emphati cally denied. L "What about the Penet:ee O Well 1' said the Sheriff. "aIt was there, sir," 1- rejoinedl the woman, "that he made the pro d mise, and had afterwards gone and putt in the oliea' and paid the money." "Examine lher t' heatd said tile renegade bridlegron, amidst a rearm of laughter. Thle Sheriff did tiot think 1- pursuer had sustained tnuch loss 'or damngue e" tnd decoraed for persuer damages 20t and to expetesea, at tha same tine cautitteiteg sa dsleeeder to take care when and hoa lee again tee popped the question,, and above all to take a eara a! ottha Peartree Well. Coiron, who ep. in euared to he tlie letst aeete of the two, left the ce ICoert geseiculating with his arms, to tlie bl. great amuoameaet of all lresent, na if he wvetteld .al han'u sung, " I'm a brothof a!hoy."-Maornittg ra .ouatrl. ua Tht Argueuanpekiug of the storni o~,liat no Friday, anys;-The tllnseder-clouds hqug over tat tiee 'holo sky from north to eouthiziind, as : to thero was little wind, their progretn was slow. beu Tiey weca heoncily ch:aegud woithtelactricity, ao tentil at last the flash and rncaoIf Hanren's nit, artillery" eu i AceranatiA more appaing ely night li.aaneeyrcl rmlaioerd. The lightnieg tetan of all kinda.teeid et times it soomed as if V. immnenstablalluf yullotw antd blue lSre hale seed. denly elirst overuhed. Theu otorm reached its [a. climnit ahoatt four o'clock, wahea a trenondous ilaell wasj followed instauteneously hy a roarof If- thuteder wehicl ecood and re- uochod baukegiset. to iAt thle enema tine, wah~il a leaecy olectricel to clotd lhutng over St. Kildie, soaswirds, along so the eelgu of whellch iheehes of lfre pasied rapidly s. tonnid fro. Foa thought otherlise tLin am hlyreet did of tuch nanoccer secon-theat such a ta teiglet was tent made for man to sleop in. As. cr sateedaly fae'in itolbounlersetepteotFridayniglit, OQeensioellely tite lesaes of elactricuty were n, hiellowed be dologes of .mie, btt lortunatuly - ts tlese te were nnlly of shlort tausationt , veA y suolemn eoiot- was produced hy. the rleging of ~.: tie sro hell, after one of the most teerile of' tlie lighttning flsmiee, tiae wsaniltg notes seuion a it to pomi to celamitlee from the storem. At 'e illitmstocn the eoio'nll was very eseev.. Tht extemo fury of the etorm, hoewover, soems to hlave spot itself over tiee city, ta the a tentey Joetnroas of Saturday do littlt moe. than uliuda to it Atl lee t'etiitini of this centrrV the 1 French recroit was refjuirel tv. st- il I five feet tw in Io-ight. At the Rot.ra tion the figa:re f el to lice fect nothing, sshile the Iite-t propi-tiin frced on : military narceptance is four feet eight inches. h 4 France and Enlanl." says La c .Prance. luave i'nge rit an ni.ler-tratndgll t for the eatnl.lisiometit of n e''nmin c vrstem of night iginli at sier. Cspt.uitn n Richillt-Grivel, of the Frea-h navy. ia:r jnst left tfor Lin .in. bein. a;i;,ititei !tcc C tIl:.- Minister of Marine to re.nlate the A details with the Entgli- -1d tiiriity." ' The re=istntiion of Mr. Feil.ws ;f the C ofice of Pi'ctmster GCeneral is a ifact as aicomlplpish.dl, writes the Melbourne car- th r-stondtlent of the Star, an-I creates bit 1 little intere-t. 'Tiere is a fegtin., how- ci ever, that the r.'=igil-tion should have th tiken place b-efore ihe trial inwhiic'i he pt w-is retained is oppoition t t tie Goer:n- re int'll .t R:umor has it thalt hie has restine-I w: ittiefly on ace--nt oif an intentioni take aiir io active part in onplositioin to the Land Bill in the Upper Ilonee. C TIow RSroOT SPREAD.-Tlhe dii. s, culty of newspap-r writers to get at thei fr truth, andl nothing but the truth," is ri well illustrated in the filo-sing fact. t nn tdn gina r fallen on same t spikes, one of htlichl had penetrated Ihis iT knee. lie was picked rtp and carried I. ihomein nea state of insensihility. S1o.0 -n aiter hearing thin we learnt froml anothetlr i person tb-it the spike hail gone into tlia 1 porl man's hem-. and hlis rececery was higldy- inipr.bale. Naturally enonlh C we tthought Fn too. C'Otinuiig our ir-niries on the following- morning we ti -we:, a dlcrmlv astirei t:hat thie man hlad ct explired diuring the nigiht in thle greatest IaI ny.t lfowvev-.r, to mike assurance It iloubla Esue, we tlinuzlit to nak a n eih s hour of the unifortunate tailir whether ast the mn'n was really dead. " Dead !" at exricniicdt Ite in astorishment, " Why, I ci Fai hlim 'fore breakfast this mnorinti, st shtading outside Ihis dor, in his shirt- w leeves I" i hWe learn tli it Mr. TT. S. Clhapman, n twho in s been recently appointedl to a G j'llesthip in Otago, New Z-aland, is nmaking active preparations to leave fir t the scene of his future labors. The a ctrrespondent of the BallaaraL Star says:-". The learned gentlemant intends i to take ith Ihim the whole of his val:able library, comprising ibout four a rtd-cuand volumes, and inclouding seveorl lhundreds of the best and latest editiions of works hearing upon his prafession, .nd forming one of thie most complete collections of hooks of that pirticular class in the ihadls of any private iadi- I vidual in the southern hemisphere. SntcAranon.-Br Da. x-F-r - ii Indignation is of two kinds. 'Thiere is W the indignation of innocence wrongly ti ruipected, and the indignation itauifested it iveing foind ont ia a very dir-ty aetijn.o tCommon belief inclines to the opinion i thaIt the former kiied is the mtost marked 1 in its nmanife-tatinsn, and rust impre- iCs Five in its character. 'fhie, however, i- en error. There are few things moren dcistgrcgsble than ito be found lut. JLt trthl itis t:ie only crime one caf conmmitI :gsiut siciety; and therefore the only way poasilde toL convince society that a1 iiiitake has - been comnuitteiJ andl s inintt dote is Is manifest great anger atii Ireing tlhe iilJec. of suspician. St o-eOaimttstl it Enece ds annmirably. and tlherefore it is nieceseay ti I e ver y emphatic indeed in li the assrtlion of innoclnce. YIoi can do this much more sncctesfullv ben the usepicion ie ratlir of your inltentions than rof your actual doings. T'i, be sre slomle little Eacrifice piny be neceasary in ordert to give a probable colour to your indig- I nation, and you will have to relinquish that which you had made sure of quietly securing. Nevertheless you will estab lih your innlocence with a good many I people, anId the few that are sceCptical ousa c.i point out as maglignatt enemies, iy i shlowing that you do not do whalt you I wIere naecIsed of intending to do.-J]el- bourne Punch. A lcnistoAnt CAUGHT AT LAST. It wnt ld appear really as thouglh Albnrt lack nii has at last the honou r of hlolding a yolung rascal efflicted with a tasto for tlshrainging, who Iby himself is called John iRan, andl It others "tMorgan's nmate" Ile hud stolen a horse some time sinde friii Keighlrtl's DIootlal Cootna station, which having knockedl up, be left tt tRoad's, andl there took anllotheir. Travelling about with this, andi getting tdrunk on the randl. lie was captured on W eiluaisday lay lie Alliury Police in a state of stuiild inltoxication, andt foniul to le .armed and in possesiaon of a well knowni black holrase named 'alhoy. The prisoner is lnot twenty peard of age,bt it it is stated Iail noluly boaisted of his in tentiton of itickiing tilt a hathker on the road nitu nlso DI-o.nlii Cooilma stitiatt, attul then joiniiing MoraIs.n It is, Itinever, beliesel ttat he hod tien fir sattie tinte connieetes witis that gentleutinat, and waa s onti of lis labisli titlgrapha, loittig a little bssiness on his oen nccoutnt hliei oi potrtmnilty oiffrcd. 'ihrce otther charges niotlikely -to bh laid tagaitist tse lIrosis ing youth, if not moru.ta-Abur Banuner 20thlu Matrch. We tike the filoning telehrtm fritm the Alrgur :--"Sydlny, Tuelsllny.-T'he leralif'e correspitntltnt't letter frotti Anutttlatuld, tinted 17th hMarchl, siyaS that ncoir l Ciiimourent westout to -Auclclanis ti consult the- Exe- etlvivi III several iim 1Itiirfti5 1ttiits, tutu tIecOi-ieIdl to hlia sgtisftetittii. I1u tretit hat-Ic, ilnteitlitig ci itosv tic-rois ito e ittity t ti trvy site Ailnarioes frint their etitrechitI littaitiol at inottiucatiitantiai, ititi tItets to ret it-c iati -titeiir uhn-rtlirs. 011 cxtrlia Irips hiv- hteetivilthlr-i'ivii Ihu n t im ntnr litt ofi 1itstH,! tut ntiturlchIet nir sioute flr tlti frontl. T'hIsy arc - lull-ly if tlthI 19ih anitihi Ii Riagimiouuls- his-isill Iries the ll.tri-ii wiili its ltrigu ti foitce nias evir, thlilehlllh! ilg hliis 1aiwv 1iticn tit .it it liitiltii, Ilo gitdihis, tnil K lit Iilit fThit Invirt- i lacti tire tiltitt ii 11't si'cti trheghit baits Unik11 on theu p'nn o' f the' Kobrllclon, 1r· -rivet- si-ceice; There hits beeti n aei lulS elilfirsiiue I letes ict l colotitll taltl Inliperhiti iustitss r ii Iath hitit ilie epirgnli it's itf ct'tt tiia ri n tll 5ltranjt , hit a lil-I (-itt-tt C. mtiatot its iiti led t bat the it- Cili hoyt ItI t.ttitjjmiti R1Fi.Y-Tr II.LTAM iS IllLL.T-D3t X. ritis. don't. 11 Ai't.otfa PA-rar-. -Faitean t nail 'r in bee to a etrii. anvi -npendI it fromn your v i thumor and filt-r, nid it will (scillate to like a pe inl:un. Let some on, picne his open halnd en'er the nail, and it will C c'tans e to a circular tn tinn. Then let m tihe thirdt p'raon place his hand'itnot til sonr shitnlder, and tile nail becones in a ef moment s::itto:lary. th Novot. CLAIMt FOa CourOxS5TIOvr.- rn On Fri fay. in a {." ttoino court, 'Mlilami an Andre nale a n '-'l c(.itn tfr compen ration azainst the .The:rp .litan linilwrry ) Compory fir the I -- of htr prof ssion ti as a " chtir)omlist." or "corn cntter," tht thr.at'lh the wor'as '"f the co'panv. n= 1:ldanis mml'i* t.5 a week by 1 carn cr cnttint" in tit s-is'itm. The works of hle the compiany obvltrutel her carriace Ve people cmttina, and she became a lank- mrapt. The claiii. a mande to the jury, A was £ 17 . nnsli nfter a lo*ot trial thnv th aiw'trlcte £33 ).-Enpress.c Jantary 2. e. A Bsisuop's Jan.-'h'l e Bishop of Ilt Carlislo is crc!itel with a joke. It is oh said that a siti elerzminsa, n-t far -li fr im Peirith, being on the eve of mar- be riage, anoanot 'ishling to tronlil noy of ea his irec-hren, write to the Ibishop. t ustxiazr..-h.·+ el-.w.* *1v-Pi uburriel w the banns frnm his own pulpit, could hi th marry himsilf? [lie lordship male no 2 lIn. appeal to laws ecclesiastical, Iitt at once capped the querv with another, BCnldI you bury ynrself?"-Carlisle Examiner. At the Estahlis!tment of air. Enoch in Chambers, in Little Cllin, street. wasR set in motion, oil 2 4th tlt., fir the first time, the stife ibriking machine just nt construct 1 fir the Ajax Mininz A=sa- ation. The mtachine torkoed admirably. of It is capable ofreceiviti" ilnaleks of quartz- fr measuring a cubic foot and delivsrs the of stone broken to a guine of two inchtes and tinder. Its capacity fir work is five T cultic yards per hoiar, or abhot 150 tons fa stone in twenty-fiour hours. The stone, when thus rehiced, is intenldedl t pass n tnder the stamplers, the work anI wear i of which are thIus much lessened. It scents that the detective who traced r G rdiner to his Qseensland retreat is an ( ex- member of the Victorian force. The Araral A-rer!iser claims him for this t colonly as follows:-" 5I'Glme,i then dletective who so ably succeeded in t e-cnrinz Gardiner, was for ioine time acting nas niount::l can-tahle o" Arrl'at,O under Snperti:itent!c-tt L il.cy. The nnue of the cnasta'ile is itniliaro to some of this man ut ni actin li hr. It thisb he tri-t, it will prove the l-n;ipveies C irrect which f rectil! that G1 ir-iner's appre- 1 hiensiin wanollt never b m to i- by any of tit Sdnei phii-e. Thie cat-ure rf Gurdiini-r i:: a nat wt awns stChoolI in the itorian forei, wtill prove a smie- a ehtat itall fetiter it tae: cap of our Vic. torian constabulary."ii A ILGacssIiICET CtOP,--A crop o aI oats o(taineid this seisaln by Jhn iiHolwe, Elq., of .1r:i-t Prosp-ct, e-idencs the i extrairdinary anlnaptability of the land in o this di-trict to the ili-te kin I of cereal. An nre of ten acres, a pirtion of a larger fi'li, was a-rn with Tartirisn seed, carefully gii-rled arainst mixture. The quantity of seeh use.! per acre was only- one b:tshel, oint tihe return was not lest than f94 Ibtshe!s per sere, or f) tl htushlels lit for the te: acres. \We Imay remark that potatoecs were last year plattedi on the saute spot We hbelieve 1 ,so enoriiotis a return pier nare has seldom, if ever, been excecdcd.-Daylesfo rd t Express. Pu lsTmTno v. Eescnosrso. - The a Dublin correslponlent of the 'Times thius sl writes ott 12th .Janttry:-" Tic incor- A porated Society of Atotrne Itold Solici-w tors met yesterday to consider the reply s of the Judges of the Enctumbered Estates p Court to their nmetnorial angainst the s Iprinting of deeds of conveyance. ''ITh, society had objected to the adtloption of I iprititg iinstead of engrossing with the n pen, because the jud es hadl no power to mtake a rule requiring the printitng of such d conetts; bcanuse the pirinting was- derogatory to the profession; ie- 1 catuse from its chemtical Iproplerties, prin- 0 ters' ink would he more neasily efflierd e than ordinary writing itnk; and because the system oft registration by n dluplicate a of ths tdees1 is, ill their opinioin a bad one- 1) [Tlhe reply wans signed by twvo membtters of the lncumbteredl Eitntes Court- at luilge Lanifitltl and Jnilgo [Iargreaves. it It is n etomplete answer tio all the olbject- I tioes ttlade by the solicitors. They tc statedl that they did not tadopt the plan I of printing till they ihanl malde frequentI ti complaints of the careless sntd inacenrnte I mannier in whriclh the Ipurchlnase deeds r tendertedti. tthetn for execution hil bitni, engrossed. Th'I'ley fttmil it Ipractically It imlliossible to procuire written enigriss- i ittonts free fr.t., ittist-akes, it1terlitn.eatiins, ntd erasItres, snd ties- wars obligetl to fr have recourse tit puitinitig to setnro ancsti ricy, snd guisrd aginitst frands. T'hie it gretter Iiublicity whlicll priniting tmisihlt (t be suplitisesi to givet the jutlges regarded hI as no objeotion, licsojse all the sales h made itn the Citturit re public, the is vendors, tie pnirclinaars, the ittitute -snol value of the 1Iro0ei-ty nra all knoswn.t As to thie alleged gres-tetr lsrliunnctmte of I iititiig, as cotmnared weil itit Isriuters' itik, Sthey had cautied eotttt exlteriimieits to be c a tnisd, and the resalt was thttit luey fituniti ii prlintingi saferO than~l writtenI engrSs~YBInent.l t hue greatest cars it tklini Ity this uh aIhr ter Of it' e typO nitl the itutlity oit \- Itoheitk to gttarl tigititet the pesnitiilitr a if flrotth. 'lhcy belk ye thlt it will lbe a siteretttit stitliott cas-itug a ituttk tit It oxcitS tnsitlicit in i a jirititel thltn lii it i is ritten deeot. Ficr i Itese tudt itiltar \-- trateots ihie jittges ciethl itt sgetes oitli if the priet' of the tintetirial. tlt rly i. tid not give s.ttishilsciOn to.t.the itsritsty. ii 1t itas slitieut eagittt, isiith tillthi Srtlequet for lie thiutt, Ity jil. Mialtity, \- M r. Nelilson,) .H. ll'id , M r'. ·Johnann,11) li*. \- iC-tarty tintI tililwts. tutu stlutit-te i by \- Mi. Littttledilc, MrI. \V. teetitige Clay 5 situ sut-re. tjliimatels', It rselt~itti sa . utltihpiel thit inttitir iiluntrlnut ti in st-it i-i totilte jtilcer, retqu-estilg .I titeit uto riiiisiiler lie subjoct. tiriti i t itrtit tlen years Ilite fittultuIl( Ifetnit s I Cittrt hlase stilil Itroparty to tite attiuett ii 1tU 0,ildU, ahcs-lu titty li tribd htitu utuceg the owtetre of enumulbeted estates. Tt i ctat^"l that the coastitnents of \Tr. M. M1. Pope, 'I.L.A, are ahont to t invite hi-n to a pnatlic dinner, in recen- I nitinn of his *crricea ns their represen- a tative in tha TLegislative Asemlhly. t The Star save-" The Ballanrit t Crickat Clnh has connclnled an engage. a meat with the E glish Eleven f.r a three anvs' tournanment. The admissiona fie will he fivl at one shilling. On the s thinrd day, it is intended to get up aII rnanisa match between Messrs. Tarrant h and iM-ant." t Ganeral Halleck. of the Federal War r D'partnlent. states that " a remount for 1 the nwh do service once in two months is s the rate at whlich our cavalry horses are i n e I tip. 1Iv want of skill and often t calpahle neglect of the animals. 4935,030 n horsae will be neededd for the coling t year if the evil remains nnchecked." CATrciso RBTTERFr S vs at WTuot..- C sALE.-In the canton of Balse not less than 1 2:000,000 hntterflies have been t caught this year, and the Government 1 has paid the ealtcher.s the not inconsider- i able ensum of 1.03.0% francs. Natur- f dliets tell us that of every 100 of these S beintifll inasects 45 are females; and as C each of the latter is estimated to Iny on t the average. 30 frnitfol eggs, the de- t ortcin-n les =ww noomsrYven ~lý" r tile same as the annihilation of 216.090,003 caterpillars. An nacrienitral enrrespondent of the Star at Stockyard Hill, dating his letter 21st March, writes as fdllows:-"' Now that the thrashing is drawing to a close in this district. I forward you the follow ing report of the retnrns, and I thtiink the hill will stand a fair lnshow with any other ferming district in this colony. I have taken the averaege from the owners of the thrashing machines as well as` fri.m the farmers. Though the yield of Tartarian oats is eplendii, the sandy "ate heat them on most of tihe farms. The Tartarisan nd sandy oats on the farm of MIr IHlgh Arthur are nearly equal. Some patches of hthl turned ont as much as 60 bushels to the acre, hnt on an average, the whale will turn out 5 1 bushels to the acre. Mr Robert Kirkpatrick's Tartarian oats will yield 50 hI'shcls to the ncre. Messrs Bain and Sutterlnnd's Tartarisn oats will average i55 hslthela to the acre. Mr. RI Wright's 'Tarrtarian oats will average 52 Iunshels to the acre. One patch of five acres yielded as mcrl as GI hushelsa to the nacre: Mr D TTannah. 55 hhelhs; Ithosrs Inelh Campbell's Tartariatn ats yielded 530 hitehels to he acre: Mr John Bremmer's sandy oats, 64 bushels to the cre. nadl his Tartarian oats, 33 hnshels; MTr W. Kitihan'ts sandy oats yielded 06 bi sthole to the acre: Mr Jnles's 50 hnhlels to the acre; Messrs M'Dougal's sandy nits yielded G04 hbushels to the acre. The farms of Messrs Lanson, Dutennot, Foreman. Exel, Johnston, West I anti Pethier are all much the same as the shove. Messrs 1Qneean BIrothirs have nit thrasheld tp to this time. Plough ing nald pInto diiggitng are now goiIng oni very brisk'y." EiTSr~oaat':'.a Sgrvr. rte.ilt tnctn: -A female rcinl tpea^,er at 'iscinnnt' having refs=ee to Fnsa mit ts improper lirorosals of a marrich mar., tnained nar nitz, also n school teachr!, hii libelledl her among her frieinds S o determinel uipn revenge, nld, aeCordite to the Oincisnnti Enquirer, anmatnmilished her purpase as folltW :- " Thie satisfaction antd jstiece whichli Miss J.anl expsected to receive in tlhe court of Irw being en slow site at once dlecidled to take tihe law in her lhands, and in ns public i manner as Afr. Btr:ii:z -Ihad trainted her name site prolposeI to suttiImarily deal with him. Accordingly, oni Thursday, .liss Jconb rwent to a sadidlery esetilismenlt itn Main street, and Ipurchalsed a cnwhlide, the proprietor entgesting to her' not to whip chiltren with that c tlide.' Slheo re plied, ' No, Sir, it is to he usedi on hig ones." On her way Ihome site piurchasedl a qnarter of a poanld of cayennec pepper. Withoutt inmparting to nny one liher ptr pose, she got tilt on Sundaly Morning as usual, tnk lher brer.kfiast, and . then diressedl for church. She iarrivedtl at the chapell befiore the servicer were coin menced and took a seat imiinediately op01 Iposite to the one occnpitied by ir aul I Sirs Barnitz. Mr. B., nlwho is the leader of the singing in the church, observedul Miss Jtacob take a seat opposite to hiint and eye him closely. Ills eyes dlroplped ttd lie irnsediately llappearedl agitatedl. lIe dlidl not ding, the task being assignedl 1 to brother Iidden. When the seconditl hymn was being sung, all the congrega* tion wvere on their feet except Mr litrnitz and Miss Jacob. Thoe two onlc remaninod seated. The first itae to knelil wans Barnitz, covering his face swith lithl lis lhands. As soon as the Rev Mr litclhcock hail commtencedl his prayer. Miss Jutcob delitesately pItliei the gloves from hlier Itnatts, anst then Itintying tho shil , slhich wacs titiler lier clonik, drten it out, silt anlkii~n over to hvltere Mr lirstitt w-s ctneeliig,~-deaia- flva-uras heavy blowa across lila lteaii, fuies, anttl .landt, tacit stroke soanding tlistinctly iii every pert of the hotisi-. The tuittis tir casedt prayer, tihe cingregaato rvise tk their feti, ad ilurnits still on his rnaes, riscd isi, Uatdaci zini thte cowlutide arnetdliet it fromt ther hniatl atid attemnpt oe ti a strise hier, hot acs prevcitted Its'n Mir Cittitmittnte, whio grepplcii his nrita \- Miss Jacoi thleu seizeti him iby the laieu i Si teo hinil witli lier lefct lititt, with Iicr I right avashteld his fisce all ov-r - itih coenyttit p exclaisistg, Maeck c Blrntit, yoii st-s a Iilack-hlmrtecd couc St-rthly villiln, andti titis is (tr yotr Iyintg. t tit-it iturning to Iiris iarsnit a site sail, ' i Yiu waitoted St knotsow who imy iiitlthsr seas. Site trite a dtCcent atitanit, nit 1 It ami titt a-, smit ShaS is titue Sthai ouit I ciii say. At tituSt inttanat sine person list tIis Ilnd ovar- lier mnesthi, wlhtn site 5 tiitk lantthter htatdittl if poepier, tut, ithtociibg it otcr her bltunieiar at thi, the rcrowti, aciicih waerO aoit Sit tress itititit i' lice, lent a uIhty ci reset. A Mr ketnitcl ) -Itauigit Itet- rotittil tSite wais anst Iu lledt it irii' S towerrsSl tit ileoit. MIiss J te-ihi, see ing rId liiiiisas, recognitii tinti t oite itt hei perstore, n-, tiil tlett Shtittmt ai w-alhe- lthis the inith the liclilet s 'The lit-a. tie Maliniy wee setealci ii thle I s lpilt dulitig till this coeti-oitiips. Ilie I tireqiet hues tv-a testitmtl tihanSi helf 5\. the csetigregati-st ead left tht chlurch." DIrEtCTIx .TTr: r. W't rear 1ASII rscroO.-Tlche Federals have coristruetedtl upwards of 5000s miles of military tele graph, adl the Secrotary of War states that in the course of Inst year 1.200.000 telegrams were sent along these lines about .300 a dny.. A Gtosr STOUr.-A Kilmarnock shopkeeper has earned for himself the souhriqset of "The Ghost."' One day last wekl, the shopkeeper irititiated.l to his shopbor that he was to Ibe from hoinme the next day, and he (the Ins) would require to attend the shop. Instead of leaving town, he got himtnself safely en. sconoed in a huge cask in the back shop in which holes had been cut to enable the occupant to see all that was going on in the front, his object being to watch the movements of the unsuspecting lad, of whosa conduct he appears to have le comne jealous of late. All, however, passed off well-the lad remiined true to his post, and did not attempt to go into the sanctum sanctorum of his master (shera, it is said, he had been forbiddlon to co) -till forced to do so by stern necessite in the shape ot a customer. On his. trance, what was his surprise to sce. pair of eyes glaring on him a oforesaid holes. A cyo 't n-r~~~ tt nm, au( i to a race tie was in the street telling his stiry. On returning however, his visions were dis pellediby his finding the evyes to belong to his master, who was there in propria persona. The story got wind, - and, however desirable that the matter. shouldl rest, that instiable monster, the public seems determined it shall not, and the cognomen of " The Ghost'" hals been be stoived on the unhappy cause of the ex citemnent. Every evening crowds con gregate aronud the premises, watching the slhopkeeper's exit, and then follow him home crying "The Ghost, the Ghost 1" 