TIbc Position of I»«Sitics. (From 'Friday's Empire ) It is gratifying to find that the anti-progressive politics of the present Ministry find few sup porters among tho candidates for election through out the country. To whatever quarter we turn, ample evidence meets us of the fact that the con demnation of the Government is not only un cqivocal, but general. Judging from present indications alone, there is reasou for the belief that their opponents will muster in ii/e new Assombly an unexpectedly powerful array. Many objectionable members too will be weeded out, and their places suppl'ed by men of energy and intelligence. Wo rcpublish to-day a speech de livered by Mr. Stewart, of Wollongong, to the electors in that district. It may be taken as a specimen i,f tho views which a majority of ^ the Assembly will in all probability hold. The Martin Ministry srems to have made itself so excessively unpopular, us fo have called into political existence, men who regard opposition to it as a leading articlo in their creed. Every act ol theirs has (jiven rise to a burst of dissatisfac facti'in ; aud oven thyse acts which were evi dently intended to conciliate, have only excited! contempt. The review of their administrative career, oiven by Mr. Stewart, aptly cumniarises their abortive efforts at legislation. In nothing have tln'y succeeded. To adopt the vernacular of thu theatres, they have not m.ide a single hit throughout the season. They liava engaged a Star at an iiu nciisi) ex p^-nse, but Jiis performances have been ho wretchedly bad as to havo disgusted the public, and shaken their confidence in the management. Their first piece was the Tariff. After repeated attempts to produce it successfully, on each occa sion with new scenery and effects, they wore com ?pellud to withdraw it. It was uproariously damned by crowded houses, and in such a. n.aunur as to show, beyond a possibility of doubt, that its fate was sealed. Their next attempt was a grand sen sational drama, in any uu nlior of acls, entitled tho New Commission. By. their own confession this performance was maried by m.'h a succession of blunders as to have destroyed all hope of its proving a success. The scene-shifting was so clumsily managed that the audience lost all pati ence, while the s'lirt sleeves and paper caps of the carpenters was so unnecessarily visiblo as to cover the whole affair with ridicule. Certainly, the pieoe'did not fail in producing a sensation, for the number of b.irbarons and uncalled-for massa cres represented during its performance exeeded anything ever dreamt of by Miss Braddon. I'ho public actually slipped on ' Octooroons.' Then wo were treated to a heavy little farce nnder the lit'o of the Ocean Postage. It was con fessedly a mere imitation of an old English play, and was consequently devoid of the slightest claim of originality. The plot wns as meagre as could ne well conceived, while the action was so hoavy as to produce a feeling of irresistible weariness. After being forced upon tho public for some time, it was at length withdrawn ; and the evident reluctance of the management in taking this step furnished a clear proof of the barrenness of their resources. And this is all we have had from the Star Com pany 1 They talk about a numbei of admirable things which they have ready for production, and they complain of the impatience-of the public in not thronging to their doors to witness them. They must be fully aware of the fact that when once the confidence of the public is lost, it can never be regained. Let the impression gain ground that certain performers aro humbugs or impostors, and however great their fame may bo, their chances of success may be sold for a tin of pickled salmon. It is useless to maks professions or complain of hasty judgments, to ask trial, and promise better things for the future. If the Martin Ministry are not yet sufficiently posted up in this kind of knowledge, they will certainly be taught it long before Macquarie-street again echoes to the eloquence of assembled orators. But it is in the question of taxation that the electors throughout the colony must be careful to catechise the candidates who present themselves before them. This i3 the probe which must test their soundness or their rottenness. It is em phatically the question of the day — nne on the proper decision of which the prosperity of the country largely depends. Tho struggle between the two parties will no doubt be keen, but we have no fear for the result. We have strenuously advocated direct taxation as the only means by which tho public revenue can be placed on a proper footing, and we rejoice to find that there arc so many advocates of direct taxation seeking seats in the Assembly at.the present time. This may be taken as a fair tost of the general opinion on the matter. The country must see that if direct taxation is not adopted, we must be haunted with the ghost of protection for ages. So long as the revenue is derived almost entirely from the cus toms, so long will there lie a cry for fresh duties on imports; aud we can never be i.ecured against the existence of a Ministry that may not seek to propitiate a class at the expense of the general -public. Mr. Stewart expresses opinions on this subject in which we entirely concur, and we should regret to see a candidate holding such opinions rejected. He is in favor of an increased rental being demanded from the squatters, on the expiration of their present leases. This is a mat ter which ought not to be lost sight of, either by .candidates or constituents ; because it is clear that, whatever Ministiy may be in power, the revenue must be supplemented from this source. It is monstrous that the colony should be suffered to languish in debt ; that its credit should be injured throughout \hc. world ; t at it s'.iould be perpetually stigmatised by the Herald as hope lessly bankrupt ; while it possesses a source of abundant revenue almost wholly untouched, We have repeatedly pointed out of late that if the rental of squattagos wore increased from the eighlli of a penny to to twopence or threepence an acre, the Treasury would be at oi:ce filled with cash. The great stumbling-block of all Govern ments would be removed — tho chief impediment to the progress of trade would be done away with. Tl e e would be no necessity for windy ex planations of our financial embarrassment, or loud cries about an enormous defieit existing cnly in theituaginiation of puzzled Treasurers Wo are not singling out a class which already pays a fair share of ilie general burthen for additional shear ing, merely because it can afford to pay more than it does. But we assert that it docs not pay a fair sliare ; that, on the contrary, its contributions to the public funds are miserably insignificant. The Crown lands of the colony are its chief wealth, and should form its chief sources of. revenue. Under our present system, we derive a .very small portion of our revenue from the Grown lauds. Nearly the whole of it conies from the commerce of the colony. The balance is thus all on one side. We depress our merchants in order to enrich our squatters. Now we contend that something like an equilibrium should ho brought about. Let the squatters be taxed a little aiore, and the merchants a little less. Nothing can ever destroy the valueand productiveness of our land bat trade withothercountriesmay be destroyed by a single budget. By adopting such a policy as this — based equally on justice and on common sense — we should relieve ourselves from everything in the shape of a difficulty. Increased rental on runs, 'accompanied with direct taxation in other resptcts, would place the finances of the country iu a position to defy even the extravagance of cor rupt and abitrary governments. 