NEWS OF THE WEEK. The following extract from a letter received by the present mail, by a gentleman in this city, has been forwarded to us for publication. It will set at rest thb numerous speculations that have been in dulged in as to the whereabouts of Mr Porter, whose : connection with the Provident Institute has made ; him so notorious. The letter is from the captain of ' the Rodan, and is dated Chincha Islands, 24th September :— ' I am annoyed that the report should have arisen that Mr Porter had absconded in my ship. He left Melbourne five weeks before in an American ship called the Clara, Captain Wells, commander. I have written to ? ? to deny the statement. I did not know anything respecting Mr Porter's transactions while I was in Melbourne. He came on board my ship the day after we arrived at Cailao. He looked like a wretched, broken-hearted *nan. I don't know what he is going to do at Cailao. He talked of only remaining there for one Saonth after Mrs Porter arrived.' . The third session of the third Parliament of Vic toria was opened on Tuesday with the usual ceremony. Precisely at two o'clock his Excellency the Governor left Government House in his carriage, escorted by a troop of the Victorian Volunteer Light Horse ; the park of volunteer artillery across the river firing a royal salute. The ground was kept by a detach ment of Royal Artillery, and there was a consider able assemblage of spectators. A very few minutes brought the vice-regal party to the doors of the Le gislative Council. His Excellency descended, and accompanied by his aide-de-camp, private secretary arid a numerous staff, entered the chamber of the Upper House. Sir Charles was dressed in the 'Windsor uniform, and wore the star collar and badge of a civil knight's grand cross of the Order of the Bath. The chamber was crowded in every part, and an unusual animation was imparted to the scene by the number of ladies present and their gay costumes. His Excellency having taken his seat, commanded, the Legislative Assembly to be summoned to the bar of the House, ?which order was promptly obeyed by the Usher of the Black Rod ; and presently Mr Speaker, in his :. state robe, followed by a numerous parliamentary train, made his appearance, and was courteously re quested to be seated. The Governor, in a clear, distinct tone, read the speech, which will be found in our parliamentary report. The private secretary Aanaea a copy to me opeaKer; ms jBixcenency con stitutionally dismissed the Houses to their respec tive legislative work, and took his departure, and so the; pageant ended. In the Assembly, business did not commence till the usual meeting hour of four o'clock. The attendance was small for a first day of session, there being little more than one-half the members of the House present. On the Oppo sition benches, not more than /nine occupants mus tered in the course of the sitting. There was a sin gular want of animation in our usually lively Lower Chamber. For once, political discord was hushed ; no opposition voice arose from her Majesty's Opposi tion; and Mr Haines went into compliment ori the skill with which his opponents had constructed a Vice-regal speech that offered no point of attack. The address was moved by Mr Casey ; and seconded by Mr Thomson. Address speeches are not usually oratorically note worthy, and these proved no exception to the rule. They had, however, the merit of brevity. All that followed was equally lack lustre. Mr M'Cann spoke at some length de omnibus rebus, but particularly on the neglect of duty displayed by the opposition in not criticising the Government, behind which he, Mr M'Cann, Bat, and which he supported. Mr Weekes criticised Mr M'Cann, and the House very gladly, and unanimously, adopted the address, which will be presented to his Excellency this day, at, half -past three o'clock. The following statement shows the attendance of members on both sides of the House on this occasion : — On the Ministerial benches : — jr. Mr Casey Mr Higinbotham Mr Strickland ? Cohen llacgregor Sullivan . Davies, B. G. M'Cann Thomson Davies, J. M'Cuiloch Verdon Francis Pope Weekes Grant Kamsay . Woods. Healos . The following occupied the cross benches on the same side : — Mr Berry Mr Mr Loader Mr Riddell Brodiibb M'Donald Smith, J. A. ; Houston M'Mahon Smith, L. L. Kirk Mollison Snodgraas Lalor Orr Tucker, Lambert , The following members of the Opposition were present: — Mr Anderson Mr Haines Mr O'Connor Duffy Levey Smyth, G. The following sat on the cross benches of the same side : — Mr Brooke Mr Maclcay Mr O'Shanassy Edwards Macadam Smith, J. T. Kyte Morton The following members were absent :— Mr Aspinall Mr Girdlestone Mr Michie : Bennett Hood Nicholson ???' Cathie Howard . O'Grady Cummins Humflray Orkney Don Ireland Richardson Evans Johnson Sinclair Foott Johnston Wilson Frazer Levi Wright Gillies M'Lellan Wood, J. D. The name of Mr W. C. Smith has to bo mentioned as a member resigned, , Messrs Pinnock and Tumbull, the newly- elected members of the Legislative Council, took their seats on Tuesday. The former was introduced by Messrs S. G. Henty and W. Highett, and the latter by Messrs Hervey and Strachan. Advices received by this mail from B. C. Burstall, Esq., speak confidently of the formation of his direct Btoamship company. 3?rom other reliable sources we have corroborative evidence that Mr Burstall's anticipations ore not moro sanguine than his pros pects justify. '???. ? The hon. the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, \- as. chairman of a public meeting of the citizens of Melbourne, held in July last, relative to the slave trade between the islands of tho South Paciiic and ' }- . ' 'i _ i ' 'it . t i ii n t - i - » in fill 1 'If »' ti a t ' i jf r tti , i ' October, states that the petitions would be duly pre sented to the Lords and Commons during the fol lowing session of Parliament and that the Peruvian Government had already informed her Majesty's Government that they had put a stop to the traffic. Nothing, however, is said about the restoration of those already kidnapped. - ' : We! find from a letter addressed by the Peruvian Minister to the committee of the Aborigines Protec tion Society relative to the kidnapping of the South Sea Islanders, that those unfortunate people who have been hitherto enslaved are to be returned to their homes. The letter is as follows :— ' The principles of human liberty, on behalf of which you are so zealous, will as speedily as possible be recognised everywhere by the. Peruvian Government ; and that, consequently, the Government, following those phil anthropic and liberal principles which have ever guided its policy, has arranged that the natives of Polynesia who have been taken to Peru shall be restored to their country in Peruvian vessels — an ar rangement which has, indeed,, been already carried into complete effect ; and that, anxious in this respect to provide against future emergencies, the Government has established a Consul-General at Tahiti.' The following noble act of reparation deserves every publicity. The name of James M'Henry, to all Liverpool residents, used to be synonymous with bold enterprise— he has now proved his title to far higher consideration. There are many persons in Melbourne to 'whom his name and early career are familiar: — 'A few years ago (in 1854) Mr James M'Henry, American merchent, in Liverpool, like many other houses, succumbed to the pressure of the time ; but Mr M'Henry's energy and integrity' remained, though his other resources had departed. He regained his position in the commercial world, and a few days ago Mr Mozley, the Liverpool banker, on opening one of his London letters, found a cheque on the Bank of England for £47,000, with the name of 'James M'Henry' attached. It covered the sum, with interest, due to the bank of Mr Mozley (Barned and Co.) when he stopped payment. This act of Mr M'Henry needs not one word of comment.' '....... The aspect of the weather on Saturday afternoon being somewhat suspicious, there was not so large an attendance at the promenade concert in Fitzroy Gardens as might have been expected; Nevertheless in spite of the occasional showers in the early part of the afternoon, and rather watery clouds later, there was a fair muster round the head quarter volunteer band. The band played with considerable precision and taste. - John Badcock, Esq.,' Melbourne, manager of the Bank of New South Wales, who has been in Europe on leave of absence for some months, purposes re turning to Melbourne by the overland mail ef De cember. . The All-England Eleven sailed from the Sand ridge Railway Pier on Monday last, by the Alham bra, for Otago. They are to be away a month, and immediately on their return play at Castlemaine. Pleuro-pnenmonia is proving generally fatal to horses in the Western Port district. Advices were on Saturday received by persons in Melbourne having horses running there to remove them with out delay, as the disease was spreading rapidly. The lion. H. C. E. Childers has lately been on a tour in Spain. Whilst travelling he was suddenly seized with gastric fever ; .but, at departcre of- last mail, he had so far recovered as to take his depar ture for England by the P. and 0. Company's steamer Ripon. A meeting of the directors of the Caledonian Society was held at the Society's offices, Port Phillip Club Hotel, Flinders street, on Saturday afternoon last. Mr J. S. Butters, vice- president, in the chair. The meeting was convened principally for the pur pose of receiving, through Mr Shiilinglaw, hon. secretary, a communication from the Government granting to the society a site in the late Zoological Gardens for a permanent grand stand for the ac commodation of visitors at the Caledonian games. The directors present,, the hon. treasurer, Mr G. Simpson, and several members of the society, accom panied by one of the Government surveyors, sub sequently visited the ground, had it pegged off, and obtained possession. A testimonial was presented to Mr C. A. Saint, the late editor of the Mount Alexander Mail, by tho principal residants of Castlemuine, on Friday, the 22nd inst., at the Theatre Royal. With, the testimo nial was an epergne, or centre piece, of whjeh/the following is a brief description : — The article is nearly 90 oz in weight, and is about 20. incheB in height. The base is embossed, with a group of four figures ; one representing Commerce, with a chart in one hand, and the Caduceus of Mercury in the other, sitting on a bale of wool (one of the staples of the colony), with a locomotive engine on one side and an anchor on .the other. To the right is the Husbandman, with scythe and reaping-hook. On the left is the Digger, ' washing-up,' his dish con taining satisfactory evidences of his good luck. At the back, as emblematic of the original state of the colony, is an aboriginal, in the act of throwing a spear. The whole of these emblematical figures are exceedingly well modelled and executed. The cup is supported by a couple of griffins, beautifully froBted, and Burrounded by a series of Bacchanalian heads, all differently modelled, indicative, wo pre sume, of what the contents of the cup should be— of good faith and generosity of which good wine is a friend. The cover of the cup bears a series of models, representing the characteristics of Australian bush scenery — the eucalyptus, the emu, the kangaroo, &c;, displayed under clusters of the vine; Springing from the cover is a column, beautifully chased, ter minating in elaborate foliage, the whole being sur mounted by a figure representing Victoria, with gold at her feet, crowning Industry at tho base. This figure, however, is moveable1, the foliage at the head of the column forming a cup for the reception of flowers. This exquisite specimen of the silversmith's art was designed and manufactured by Mr Leviny, of Castlemaine. The cup will boar the following in scription : — ' Presented 31st December, 1863, to Charles Abraham Saint, by his friends and fellow citizons, in recognition of many services rendered, as editor of the Mount Alexander Mail, to tho town II t t f . l ji t -- \ ii i i I ? ? j'l in ( . h HIP ' I ^ Hi i / ?O I 1 ?- - -l'I u I { ' seven cases of Chinese tobacco, but the Customs officer, having reason from former experience to be jealous of such transactions, insisting on opening and examining the packages, had his zeal rewarded by finding opium neatly packed in the midst of the tobacco in such a manner as to be certain to escape the notice of a superficial examination. It is evi dent it was calculated that the goods being sent from Melbourne, where so many frauds haye already been detected, would be recoived at Sydney without any suspicion. s , By a letter received from Mr Walter Craig, by this month's mail, the Star learns that Messrs Spiers and Pond, to whom we are indebted for the first visit of the All-England Eleven, have succeeded in distancing all coinpetition for. the whole of the re-, freshment rooms on the London, Chatham and Dover Railway, as well as on the Metropolitan Railway. On the latter, the railway company is now erecting most extensive premises for the. firm at Margate and Ramsgate. Messrs Spiers and Pond have commenced their old Australian business in London on a most extensive scale. As showing the ravages committed in the district by caterpillars, the Scarsdale Mail states that forty aores of pats which last year realised nearly £500, will this year hardly pay the expense of cutting and threshing. . The following is a return of the quantity of land taken up under free selection during the past year at the land office, Albuiy. It does not include land sold at auction or land selected under the clauses of the Land Act of 1861 :— Quarter end ing March, 1863, 2151a 2r 32p ; do, June, 8558a ; do, September, 2789a Or lp ; do, December, 6094a; total, 19,592a 2r 23p. The quantity of land sold in 1862 amounted to only 5644a lr. The sales for 1863 therefore exceed those of the previous year to the extent of 13,948a lr 33p. TVio lnaf. evninUs r\t Mnrcwn.. f.liA bnshr.T.no'flr. arn said to be -the sticking up of Mr Ariel, the store keeper, of Corowa, from whom he took £8 in cash, and complete suits of clothing, underclothe3, &c;, valued in all at £30. Morgan seems .to have two mates, as he took from the cart three of everything. He has also taken a very fine Arabian entire horse, belonging, to Mr T. Henty. The horse had been purchased for 1000- guineas, and presented to the Messrs Henty by their agents in India. He was celebrated there as a winner. At the annual dinner given to the gentlemen in their employ, by the firm of Messrs W; Watson and Sons, importers, of this city (at the Caf6 on Satar day evening), opportunity was taken to present Mr Robert Watson (who is about to pay a visit, to the old country) with a testimonial in the shape of a handsomely mounted emu's egg, with ah inscription expressive of the high esteem in which he is held by all in the employ of the firm; Full justice having been done. to the collation supplied'. by Messrs ..Mallam and King, the remainder of the evening was spent in an exceedingly pleasant manner, and' the company separated at an early hour. The production of Professor Pepper's Ghost, of London celebrity, the preparations for which were lately recorded, drew a tolerably good audience at the Princess's Theatre on Monday. Before the curtain was raised, an explanation :wa3 given that, in consequence of some misunderstanding with tho theatrical agent, the drama, which was expected to have been played in connection with the ghost, could not be presented. The first illrision produced upon the stage.was that of an elegantly-dressed lady, who sang several stanzas of a ballad. The representa tion was complete andshownto perfection, and, butfor the knowledge that it was a reflection, the observer might have been deluded into tho belief that it was real flesh and blood, more especially as the noiso seemed to proceed from it, and the. lips moved; as giving utterance to the words. Gradually, as the light was lowered, the illusion grow indistinct, nnti{ the bare outline of the figure was alone discernible, and then it altogether vanished. In an instant it was again shown as clearly as before, and the song was repeated. Several other illusions were pro duced, and with equal success. One fault, however, if it might be so called, was apparent in the figures re maining stationary as long as they were shown ; and, besides, nothing was done to demonstrate their un real character, they being merely produced like so many pictures. These defects will, no doubt, be remedied for the future and, when a dramatic per formance is put forward in connection with the illusions, the entertainment will be rendered more interesting. Mr G. W. Cosford afterwards made some experiments in electro-biology upon a number of subjects who volunteered upon the stage, with nearly the whole of whom he succeeded admira bly, and kept the audieuce in continual mirth. A meeting of the members of the Leander Club was held, in Marshall's Hotel, Monday evening, for the purpose of making arrangement for the resump tion of scratch matches, interrupted by the recent floods. After some deliberation, it was arranged that scratch matches should in future be held on the. . first Saturday of every month ; or, should the. wea^ ther be unfavorable on that day, the matijhes, -Vto;.' come off on tho following Saturday. The cpursp will be from the railway bridge to Brandreth's ferry, ' a distance of about a mile. The races on Saturday will, be with four- oared boats. The start for, ie first heat will be at three o'clock, and for ttin' second at four o'clock. Some pair-oared races will ? come off during tho montV Considering the ex pertnoss of the members of the- club, these matches are likely to excite a. considerable amount of in terest amongst those who take an interest in boat ing- ? -x . ?' .. ?' :;'?'?' A meeting of the committee of the depositors in the Provident Institute was held in the Mechanics' Institute, on Monday evening, for the purpose of re ceiving propositions from the past and present shareholders, as to a compromise of their liabilities. Our reporter attended, and was informed that the proceedings were o'f a strictly private nature. The usual weekly meeting of the City Council was held Monday afternoon. The most interest ing portion of the proceedings was the reading of an autograph letter from his Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, late Governor of this colony, addressed to Mr Edward Cohen, the ex-mayor of this city, acknowledging the receipt of un eugiobsed copy of tho addrebs pxebonted to him by tho coinoiuhnn nt t ?-'» linfmo v 1 i ' . l i i ( i , f - 1 'l ! ?, i hI- , i \ ' »M ^1 O- 11,, ' 1 ' |t K ' f It I, '( £261 2s 2d were ordered. The resignation of Cr* Lyons was accepted upon payment of the usual penalty of Is. There were twenty-six applications for appointment as city valuators, and the following six were elected :— Messrs Phair, . Morrow, Morris, Johnston, Hartwell and Galland. £38,000 was fixed as the amount necessary, in addition to the town fund, to defray the expenses of carrying into effect the provisions of the several Acts relating to the, corporation/ . The annual meeting of the Victorian Society of Blues, formed in 1861 for the relief of persona educated at Christ's Hospital, London, was held, Tuesday afternoon, at Mr Perry's offices, Collins street' west. Mr Cowderoy occupied the chair. The following members were present : — Lieutenant Woods, R.N., and Messrs Henry Jennings, B. Cow deroy, George Foord, W. Perry, C. Mould; and E* Whitby. The first business was the consideration of the report and balance sheet, which were read by the chairman, and adopted. The report set forth that the history of the society during the past year had varied but little from that of previous years. The committee had helped those of their brethern whose necessities had been brought under their notice, in some cases by loans repayable by such easy means as suited tho circumstances of the borrowers, and in other cases by gratuities, or using private influ ence in obtaining suitable employment where required. A number of additional brethren had revealed them selves during the past year, in different parts of the ? colony, seven of whom were in.Geelong. The trear surer s accounts Bhowed a somewhat less favorable state of the funds than at the close of the preceding year, the balance in hand being merely £29 12s 7d,; aud the outstanding loans £8. On the motion of Mr Jennings, Messrs Cowderoy, Whitby and Beal were re-appointed directors for the ensuing yearl The other office- bearers were appointed as follows : — Treasurer, Mr Mould ; trustees, Messrs Perry and Cow3eroy ; and auditors, Lieut. Woods . and Mr Jennings. Mr Welch was appointed secretary and collector for the ensuing year at a salary to be fixed by the directory. A vote of thanks was then passed to the retiring office-bearers and the meeting separated. ? ' Seven hundred and eighty letters were on Tuesday despatched by Mr Stephens, in his private letter bag to Sandridge in time for, the supplementary mail. This satisfactorily proves the great accom modation to the public of making up a bag in Mel- ;' bourne at a late hour instead of compelling numbers' of persons to take 'their late correspondence to Sandridge. ,?.'?:?'?? We learn that in cpnsequenoe of Mr. Charles Kean being unable, through' severe indisposition, to leave Sydney for eight or ten days, his appearance; at. the Theatre Royal, Ballaarat, is unavoidably postponed. . The annual meeting of the members of the Mel bourne Mechanics' Institute was held on Tuesday, — -the president in the chair. The annual report and balance-sheet submitted by the directory were read.by the secretary and adopted. The report set , forth that the receipts for the past year had been £1325 Is 4d, being a .decrease of £134 8s 9d from those of the previous year. This decrease had been ascertained to have arisen in the sums received for' class fees. The total liabilities on the 21st . December were £451 11s 5d, including the amount due to members for library deposits, as against the sum of £508 8s for the previous year. The number of members on the annual roll for the past year was set down at 5'69, being 31 less than during 1862. Several matters in connection with' the management of the library and the classes whioh had been established in the institute were also dealt, with in fShe report, a lengthy abstract of which will be found in another column. Mr John Edwards, sen., was appointed president of the institution ; and Mr Thompson, M.L.A., vice-president for the ensu ing year. The other office- bearers were also duly elected. A tedious discussion afterwards ensued upon several notices of motion, which ulti mately fell to the ground. One of them was by Mr Godfrey, complaining of the course pursued by the retiring members of the committee in offering themselves for re-election, as being, prejudicial to the interests of the institution ; aud another by Mr Baraett, proposing to dispense with the services of the present secretary, and appoint a general ma nager at a reduced salary of. £150. The former motion was merely supported by the mover and seconder ; but the latter fared worse, as it obtained no seconder. The other officers were appointed as follows :^-Vice-President : Mr J. Thomson, M.L.A. Trustees : The Hon. R. Heales, M.L.A., Mr Moubray and Mr Theodotius J. Sumner. Treasurer: The hon. D. E. Wilkie, M.L.C. Auditors : Messrs Barrett and Cook. The curators for the past year were re-appointed, as f ollows : — Rev. A. Morison, Geology and Mineralogy; Godfrey Howitt, M.D., F.R.E.B.S., Entomology, Botany, and Aborigines; W. Ford, Chemical and Philosophi cal department ; R. Eades, M.D., Antiquarian and.' Miscellaneous department; W. S. Hearn, A.M., LL.D., Fine Arts. The following gentlemen were appointed members of the committee of manage ment in place of.those of the committee retiring by rotation :— ;Messrs Gibbs, Stephens, Alston, Burtt, Godfrey, Grooves, Dinwoodie, Riutel, Lush, and Sunderland. ; ' ' Several changes have recently taken place in the railway deportment. The Goelong Advertiser says : — ' Wo are informed that the neoessary authority has been issued, aud that Mr Jeremy's appointment is no longer a matter of doubt, but a matter of fact. After a probationary period of six months, the offico of traffic superintendent of the Victorian . railways has been conferred upon Mr Jeremy, and that gen tleman is now entitled to receive back pay between the salary he, was formerly receiving and that of £750 per annum. Mr Feehori is to receive the appoint ment of assistant traffic superintendent, at a salary of £500 per annum. Mr Tetloy is appointed inspec tor, at £450 per annum. ^Mr Manley is transferred from Geelong,1 as station- master, to Ballaarat West. Mr Becket, from Footsoray to Ballaarnfc East, Mr O'Malley, from, a olerkshipat Geelong, to bo station master at Fcotscray. Mr Gibson, as goods clork at Ballaaiiit West, to Goblong. Mr Bruce, to Ballanrat West fiom Geolong, vico Gibson. Mr Bui ton Grayo (an.. officer wl»oo» oOim»— ; i i t , ? -i i i i i ) i - ii 1 i - I J!i. * 'w i 1 C 1 ( - I I i|* ' M H t . * , . ., i 111 | I 1) I 1 la' 1 Robinson and Reynard. It appears that the Police Magistrate was twice interrupted in his examination of a witness by Mr Myles. On the second occasion the interruption was so manifest as to induce the Police Magistrate to rise and leave the bench. The Advertiser remarks that as .' the legal adviser of the bench, the Police Magistrate, even when not sitting as chairman, should be allowed considerable latitude in examining in cases of felony, especially where there is no professional gentleman employed for the prosecution, and when at the same time the prisoners have the benefit of a solicitor. Mr Myles would have shown much more good sense if he had, listened more to the evidence and asked fewer questions. But to interrupt another j ustice in the act of examina tion is quite unpardonable.' . A large deposit of kaolin is reported to have been, discovered by.a Mr J. Sweeting, about six miles from Ballaarat. The Star says: — 'The party sank 80 feet in the kaolin, and at that depth it was ap parently as good as at the top. Mr Sweeting be lieves that kaolin might advantageously, be used in the manufacture of fire- bricks,. of which there is a great want in this district.' At the Ararat Police Court, on Wednesday, in the case of Cape Webster, District Surveyor, v. J. Richardson, Gorrinn, for neglecting to make im provements on Crown lands bought under the Ni cholson Land Act, Mr Webster applied for an ad journment on the part of the Go7srnment,'but the bench dismissed the case without prejudice. Under the heading of 'A waif from the sea,' the following paragraph, copied from the Dundee Advertiser, appears in the Glasgow Morning Jour nal of 6th November :— ' A woman belonging to the neighborhood of Elie, while coming along Largo Sands the other day, picked up a bottle below high water mark, firmly corked with paper, which evi ' dently had been in contact with fire. The bottle contained the following statement, plainly written ona slip of soiled paper : — ' Lord Raglan, Sep. 24th — Fire broke out in the fore cabin, and is destroy ing the ship.' This paper is carefully kept, and may be seen by any who may feel interested in the matter.' There must be either a mistake in the date or the whole paragraph is undoubtedly a stupid hoax. The Lord Raglan sailed on the 23rd of February, and On the 24th March was spoken in lat. 1° North, long. 22° West, after which she was never heard of. The above paragraph, it will be observed, does not state where the Lord Raglan was at the time she was being burnt, and this is a fact which most cer tainly would not have been omitted from any docu ment which might have been thrown overboard. It is besides most improbable that the Lord Raglan was seven months at sea before being burnt, and that she was then in such a position that a bottle thrown overboard would be carried to the east coast of Scotland in less than six weeks. . - * The following account of the Royal Standard, a new auxiliary screw steamship, now on her voyage to this port, is given by the Australian Mail : — ' She belongs to Messrs H. T. Wilson and .Cham bers, the owners of the White Star line of packets, and has been built expressly for the Australian .passenger: trade. The Royal Standard is 2032 tons, with en- - gines working up to 500 horse power. Her model and rig are those, of a first- class clipper ship, with a lifting screw, so that with fail- winds she would, under sail alone, rival the speed of the fastest sail ing vessels ; and at other times, with her screw down, she would be enabled to make rapid way against the light baffling winds and cdms met with near the equator, i'he Royal Standard has been built under special survey. Her saloons are exten sive and handsomely furnished; behind these are the poop sleeping berths. She is amply supplied with baths, &c;, the ladies' bath being quite apart, with separate private entrances. \ The sleeping; rooms are completely furnished. The steamer is provided with large apparatus for distilling fresh water for all on board during the voyage, with large cooking ranges, bakeries, and all the various desi derata for a long voyage.' Recording the progress of acclimatisation in the district, the Ballaarat Star says : — ' Mr Fleisch hauer, of the Ballaarat Vineyard, Dead Horse, in-; forms us that. he has repeatedly noticed on his' grounds a flight of five English larka. He is under no misapprehension in the matter, and presumes them to bo parent birds and three young ones. Under any circumstances, they are sufficiently numerous to' lead to the conclusion that the lark, if not molested, will become permanently established in that neighborhood.' ? ; A reunion of the ladies and gentlemen who had been interested in the Eastern Hill Bazaar and Ex hibition took place on Tuesday evening, in St. George's Presbyterian Church, Collingwood. About one hundred ladies and gentlemen were present, and a very agreeable evening was spent. ' The weekly meeting of the Central Flood Relief Committee, was held, Wednesday afternoon, in the Mayor's room, in the Town Hall. The members pre Bent.were the Mayor, the Rev. Messrs. Downing and M'Michael, and Messrs Carson, Gresson, O'Brien, ?Balfour, Fitzgibbon, Cunningham and the hon. . secretary. The minutes of the previous meeting having been read and oonfirmed, a report compiled by Mr Sturt, P.M., containing particulars of the1 Bixty-niue cases at present brought underthe no-; tice of the committee for relief, was submitted for inspection. The total amount of the loss in these cases was set down at about £43,300. Tho secre tary intimated that further inquiries wore being instituted by the police into the most doubtful oases, and another more detailed report would be furnished in a few days, for ? the guidance . of the committe in- dispensing the -fund. , The treasurer reported the balance in hand was £853 4s. it was resolved to engage two additional collectors, it be ing considered that the two already appointed would not be able in a sufficiently short time to canvass the whole of the city. .; ???? ' '* His Worship tho Mayor, who presided at the City bench Wednesday, declined to order the witnesses in a case before the court to withdraw,' when requested ? to do so by Mr Head. He intimated that tho magis trates had the option of compliance with this fre quent request, but, that though they might order the witnesses out, if any of them disregarded the order, their evidence afterwards could not bo rejected. In jsupnoit of tins view * '' - 'Uiaci fif'- fl i \». . 1 . ' ' lll ^ 111 I I ii u ti I1 1 I , i.) Ill I 1 tl - II L 1 * 1 V, III tl,t i - 1 1 u i i f ii 'Mj t. iiu i i - !h-u ' io - i i i ')l t\ -- ct'j -{ iii Iv i' i'ii h''l \\-KinV - ' 1 tr, ' , Ik i ' \C ' $? ' John Crocker Bulteel, has been sold to Squire Splatt, from Australia, for £150,000/ Old country families will feel a shudder at this change, of ownership. Flete hath been many a time and oft jocund with tho merry laugh of the late squire, whose ' hearty ' spirit, great talent and unbounded humor made him a great favorite with the squires, even though he had married a daughter of the ? late and great Earl Grey. Mr Splatt is a Devonshire man, and of good ' havage.' ' The President of the Legislative Council waited upon his Excellency, at the Government offices, Tharsday, and presented the address adopted by the House in reply to the vice-regal .speech on the opening of Parliament. .He was accompanied by the folio wing hon. members of the . Council :' Mr Fawkner, Mr Hervey, Mr Highett, Mr, Power, Mr S. G. Henty, Mr j. P. Bear, and the mover and seconder of the address, Mr Pinnock and Mr Turnbull. His Excellency, having heard the address read by 'the President, replied as follows : — ' Mr President and Honorable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, it affords me much gratification to receive your loyal and dutiful addresses, and to learn how cheerfully you will give your best consideration to the mea sures which my advisers are about to submit to Parliament.' Mr Pope has announced that he has been com- ? pelled, through pressure of public duties, to discon tinue the publication of the Scarsdale Mail— a local newspaper that has only been in existence some two. or three weeks. The f pllowing rumor relative to the candidates for the vacant chairmanship of committees, in the Legislative Council, is given by Thursday's Geelong Advertiser :—' Another candidate has appeared in the' person of Dr. Hope, who seems suddenly to have sprung into favor, and in his person pointed out a way for the solution of the difficulty hitherto experienced in the choice of a fit and proper person. wDjeuMoiiH u± u. priviut) injure uavo anuerieieu. 10 render Mr Vaughan's. chance secure, Mr Hull is con sidered unfit for. the office, Dr. Wilkie cannot afford time— the least objection to be urged against him, and Mr A'Beckett really does not want the situation. It has been suggested the proper way would be for members of Council to meet privately and determine which of the candidates they shall support in the House.'- . ' The following, relative to the forthcoming election for Ballaarat West, we extract from Thursday's Ballaarat. Post : — Three Richinonds are now in the field for Ballaarat West. Mv Edward Cope, of the firm of Messrs Cope . Brothers and Nephew, Little Collins street, Melbourne ; Mr W. M. K. Vale and Mr C. Kinnear. Mr Vale has already been no minated, and £50 has been paid, in accordance with the requirements of tho new act, to the returning officer. Mr Cope will receive a requisition this evening, and- no doubt his reply and views upon .political matters.,will be made known at once. Mr Kinnear's, address will.be found in another column. MrVale addresses the eleptors this evening .-at the Mechanics' Institute, and , Mr Cope at Craig's Royal Hotel. We may state. that, in accordance with many requests to be nominated, Mr M'Dermott has taken until to-morrow to consider the matter. Should he consent, in all probability he would stand a very good chance to be returned. Candidates or their friends must remember that to-morrow after noon is the latest time at which Mr Baker, the re -tiivnininr offiner. will VfiPfiivfi nhminntinno \- At a numerous meeting, held Thursday afternoon, at the Hall.ofj Commerce, consisting of merchants, underwriters,;' and shipowners, an ' Australian Lloyd's' was duly initiated, the rules of the associa tion adopted,' and a provisional committee appointed. The report of the meeting appears elsewhere. Mr j. Blackwood took the chair.: Tke association will be framed on the model of the London Lloyd's, its object being to secure a correct register and classification of colonial vessels, and to give them certificates of character, according to their merit. The provisional committee will proceed at once to obtain subscribers, and to make all the arrangements' ' necessary for carrying out' the purposes of the society. ? A sad proof of the damage done and likely to accrue to the vineyards in this distriot was.elicited from Mr Dardel, at the Geelong Police Court, on Wednesday. ' That gentleman,' says the Adver tiser, 'on being called on as a witness to speak to tho value of a small vineyard of Mr Wyatt's, in full bearing, rated it rather low, as the bench seemed to ..think, and on being asked what lie reckoned the net value of his own vineyard would be, this year, he said, ' ho should be very glad to take £10 an acre for it.' We hope Mr Dardel may be agreeably dis appointed; but we hear very bad accounts of ihe spread of the vine blight.' Mr Edwards received Thursday, per the King of the Seas, four splendid now boats, from Messrs J. and S. Salter, the celebrated boat-builders of Ox ford, which will doubtless prove a valuable acces sion to.- any of our colonial boating clubs, who may manageto secuie them. Two of the boats are pair oared outriggers, thirty-three feet in length ; and the othe'^ two are, scullers' outriggers, and are thirty one feet long. They are built of cedar, and fitted up;with mahogany in the most approved style, be sides being supplied with all the latest improvements. They are1 splendid speoimens of boat-building, and well worthy the inspection of those interested in boating. v They have been received in first-rate order, and are now on view for a few days in the Melbourne Club boat-shed. ' ? 