H £ VS A BD HO TES. A large public meeting on the Transportation question was held in the Town Hall, Ballarat East, on friday evening (the Mayor in the chair), the ball being crowded in every part. We publish else where a report ot the proceedings, from which it will be seen that while the meeting was not a very orderly one, the expression of feeling against the system of transportation to these shores was hearty and unanimous. As such an expression, the meeting wss a fitting sequel to that held in the sister borough, ! and we are glad to be able to sugar therefrom that I the voice of Ballarat on this occasion will make itself heard to some purpose. From an advertisement in another column, it will be seen that a meeting of the united Anti-Transportation Committee is called for Monday evening. As a good deal of business has to j be done, and as it must be commenced at once if the ' petitions are to be sent to England by the first mail, j I it is veiy desirable that there should be a fall meet j ing of the committee on the day named. It would be difficult to conceive of a more revolting picture of colonial life, manners, and morality, than that which our Police Court report of to-day dis- closes, or of one that could mach more graphically reveal the horrors and the wrong of the transporta- tion iniquity. Thomas Byrnes, an old convict, and a married man, about forty years of age, was charged with abducting his own sister's child, and the evi- dence showed that he had seduced her. The mother and father had gone np the country hawking, leaving the daughter to mind house and five younger sisters and brothers, the uncle having a sort of gen- eral charge in the absence of the parents. This charge he kept by ruining the eldest daughter, whose age, according to the mother's testimony, will be sixteen next Michaelmas Day. During the ab- sence of the father and mother, the uncle left his wife and took the niece to Melbourae, and thence to Tasmania, where she passed as his wile under an assumed name. The father and mother return from their up-conntry journey and find their home broken up, the property half destroyed, all the children gone from the house, and the eldest daughter, who was left in charge of the younger ones, absconded with her uncle, who had been left in charge of all. The accused and his victim are brought back from Tasmania by the police, and the uncle, the uncle's wife, and the victim-niece are subsequently found together in one house. The mother goes to visit her lost-daughter, the daughter "huff's" her mother, the uncle assaults his sister and threatens to turn her our, and the uncle's wife "browbeats" the mother. In court, the niece appears evidently close on becoming a mother, and discdoses a leaning towards the man who has committed the double crime of incest and seduction. This is enough of horror for the most greedy appetite, but unfortunately we have to add that the uncle is also accused of a double seduction. He is charged with having seduced another of his nieces, a child of eleven or twelve years, both crimes having been dis- covered about the same time. The man has been committed far trial ot the next Circuit Court. Apart from the bearing this case has upon the question of transportation it is to be regarded as but one of a class of crimes becoming fearfully rife in the colony, and requiring, at least, much severer punishment than has for some time been measured out by the courts. An inquest was held on Thursday, by th district coroner, at the Creswick District Hospita! on the body of Mary Griffin, aged forty-two yean a native of Tipperary, Ireland. The deceased, a previously reported, had been severely bumed som time since, and the thighs and right arm were in frightful condition. She never rallied, but gradual! sank under the shock received by the system. D Starke made the pott mort** 'examination, and th jury return od a verdict ia accordance with th medical evidence. The jury also recorded a vote < ?hanks to Mrs Barnes, who had acted so kind! towards the deceased. The accounts from the farming districts are ge« »?My of a favorable character. In the neighborhoo of Lake Barrumbeet the early sown crops arelookin very well, ana are farther /arwsxd than at this tur tsstyear,whitfamay be shunted for by the milt ness of this winter as compared with that of 186i for some of the low-lying lands are ¿ow neady dr «lâeb vere then covered vita water. The late «own crops «re nat, however, looking so healthy as could lie .-withed, aa a great many of them, through the récent testa or come other canse, are much dis colored, «ad otherwise exhibit symptoms of being affected; bot should fine weather set in these un healthy appearances are confidently expected to dis appear. In the Learmouth district the crops are nesrlyina siffliisr state, those early sown looking very VBU, and the later sown bring slightly dis colored. "This discoloration of late crops seems to be generally observed throughout the adjoining dis-, tacts, and it canonly be accounted for by the very severe frosts which prevailed about a month or six weeks ago. About twenty members of the Ballarat Hunt Club, accompanied by a number of horsemen from Bunin yong, rode ont for « day's hont yesterday in the neighborhood of the latter township. A kangaroo wu started at the back of Mr Scott's station, and after a chase of about an boor and a half over some' very rough country, it was run down. There were several spills during the chase, one of which occurred to a young lady from Corduroy, who had pluckily taken part in the hunt. She came in contact with a tree and was jerked out of the saddle, when unfor tunately her habit caught round the stirrup, and «he was dragged for a little distance. Several gentlemen, who were riding hard by, however, caught her boise ere the animal had proceeded far, and she was released from her dangerous position before ehe sus tained, it is to be hoped, any serious injury. She was, however, as a matter of course, much shaker through the fall. The other spills that occurred were more amusing to the spectators than injurioui to those gentlemen who were unlucky enough tc .nstain them. The shop of Mr Bobert Wilson, bootmaker, Smeaton, was broken into on Wednesday night and a silver open-face lerer watch with silver dial, Ko. 11314 and a pair of napoleon boots, made o rtenca calf and lined «lilt kip, stolen tbereh- om The thieves most have conducted their operation most cleverly, for although two men were sleeping in the room from whence the goods were taken, no the slightest alarm was given. At Smeaton, ot Sunday night, two sacking pigs were stolen fros Mr Pegler and a turkey from Mr Minster. On Thursday, Mr Thomas Hopper, district coronel held an inquest at Lucky Womans, on the body a Rebecca Booty, aged three months. She was the daughter of Israel Truswell, and died early on the morning of the same day. Dr Hooper made a post mortem examination, and found that the cause of death was asphyxia. A verdict was given in accord- ance with the evidence. Preliminary arrangements are being made by M Bath, chairman of the Learmonth Begatts Club, fo holding a regatta on Lake Learmonth about th middle of November next. A large number of boat are expected from Melbourne, belonging to the Civ Service and other rowing clubs, and judging fa the local feeling which has begun to manuel itself, there can be no doubt but that the regatt will be successful. It is not intended to give sac prominence to watermen's races as at the lat regatta, and this will, no doubt, be considered a improvement, as the amateurs will thereby hat more scope for displaying their prowess with ti oar, and a fair share of prizes may be expected t be obtained by local and district competitors. Tl members of the Learmonth Cltb are generally i favor of sailing instead of rowing, most of the boa' now on the lake being sailing- boats, bnt this, < course, will not interfere with the other competitor Mr Gaskeii will repeat his elocutionary and'pi tonal entertainment on Monday evening, at tl Police Court, Ballarat East. As our readers wi perceive from our advertising columns, the subje will comprise selections from the " Lays of Borne and from the Bigelow Papers." There will be repetition of the gift distribution - gifts beb awarded to ail comers. We perceive also that hi the proceeds ot the entertainment are to be devot to the Ballarat East Public Library, so that tl object of the entertainment, as well as the entertai ment itself, should attract a good house on the occ sion. Cr Nicholson moved, at the meeting of the Cou eil of Ballaratshire, on Friday, for returns to be lt on the table, showing the revenue received since t proclamation of the district as a shire, and the mi uer in which the same has been expended. It was agreed at the meeting of tbe Council of Baüaratahire, on Friday, that the Bum of £1500 should be expended after the 1st October in the ! present year on main roads, such expenditure to be met by the license fees for 1865. A committee vas also appointed to prepare a plan of distribution. A pnblic meeting of the ratepayers ot'Ballaratshire viii be held on Friday next, at the Carse of Gowrie Hotel, Learmonth, to take into consideration the subdivision of the shire into ridings, in order to ! secure a better representation of the different parts I thereof and adopt a memorial to the Government on j the subject. From the report submitted by the valuers to the Council of Creswiekshire, it appears that the pro I perty within the shire has increased about £3000 in ' -value since last year, the present valuation being £42,398. The contemplated sale by the Government at Clunes, on the 17th instant, of various allotments, now" forming a portion of the Creswick, Spring-hill and Smeaton Farmers Common, has created con siderable excitement amongst the inhabitants of the district. An influential deputation waited upon the Council of Creswiekshire on Thursday, in order to request the Council to solicit the Acting-Presi dent of Lands and Survey to have the land in question withdrawn from sale. A public meeting will also be held on the subject to-day (Saturday), at the Cumberland Hotel, Smeaton. We understand that Mr Barnard, of Beechworth, has been appointed sub-treasurer at Ballarat, in the place of Mr Hall, and that Mr Perry, of Ararat, will act during the interval between Mr Hall's departure and Mr Barnard's arrival. After a vacation of some weeks' the Theatre Boys! will re-open this evening when a somewhat diversi fied bill of fare will be submitted to pnblic approval Melodrama and farce, spectacle and dancing, are tx form items of the programme, the Stoneham family the Leopolds, and that old favorite, Mr Leslie, being retained for the season. The first piece this evenioj is " The Winter Bobin," the second, " The Littli Bebel," and the third, "The Daughter of th< Danube." At the Creswick Police Court on Friday, before tíie Mayor and Messrs Miller and Boyce, justices o: the peace, the following civil causes were called viz.:-T. Foley v James May, £5 10s 93, work ant labor, Mr Barton for defendant; 16s 9d had beei paid into Court, a set off was also put in for thre weeks' board at 15s per week ; order for amount pail into Court. W. Moore v B. Little, £4 3i; Mr Bur ton for the defendant. Mr Barton stated that th defendant was willing to refer the case to Mr Hace; for examination, and abide by his decision. Th plaintiff having agreed to this, tbe case vas etrucl out. H. Venna v B. Little; this case vas struck out a similar agreement to that in the preceding ess having been effeated. Kolan v Hohnes and Hoolahai v Anderson, vere both struck out. A beer liceos was granted to Charles Thompson. The following return for the month of August has been supplied by the surgeon- superintendent of the Creswick District Hospital. New Cases:-In_ patients- Males, 10; females, 6; total 16. Out- patients-Males, 23; females, 15; total 38; total 64\. Cured and relieved-Discharged, 15; accidents 12; deaths, 0. The total number of cases treated since the opening of the Hospital 10th December, 1863.) is 528. At the Smythesdale Police Court, on Friday, bi fore Mr J. P. Hamilton, PJL, the following civ canses ware called on;-Police v Donald Gunn, dril ing a dray without any name ; fined ls' and 2s 6 costa. Same v same, riding on a dray without reini dismissed. Sanie v Marsh; postponed for eight day Same ? Chong Wong Hong, carrying on businei without a license. Mr Stoker for defendant. Th and several other similar cases vera withdrawn, tb police not having taken proper precaution to prov the ownership of the various atores to the^tiafactio of the Bench. Ssme v Boss, no appearance ot «k fendant ; > warrant to issue. Dunlop v Greasy ; a appearance. Dwyer v Franklin, £8 10s, work an labor, in cutting firewood ; struck ont. Tho Bend suggested that it was a case for the County Court. M'Kenria v The Beef Gold Mining Company; no ap pearance. Somerville T Kelly, for refusing to pay a demand for pound fees for cattle trespassing on the town and goldfields* common ; dismissed. Bishop tr Browning, £5 11B &L; goods supplied to the Beef Gold Mining Company, Mr Stoker, for the defendant, stated that nearly the whole of the other creditors bad agreed to* take a fair share from the proceeds of the sale of the plant» and asked for time for his client onlil such sale had Meera place. Order for tie. amount and 5B costs. Howser v Farraman, £6 11s 9d, goods; order for the amount and fis costs. Dr Hickson being about to leave Ballarat and depart for Indi«, gave what he termed a farewell lecture in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, on friday evening, ander the patronage of about twenty of our most substantial citizens. The attractive * subject, " What is a Ghost ?" and the esteem in which the lecturer is held, were probably equally instrumental in bringing together a larger audience than ordinarily greets lecturers here, and the man'-, uer in which the subject was treated cannot possibly nave dissatisfied either division of Dr Hickson's auditors. The lecturer on ascending the rostrum was well received. He stated that Dr Bichardson had undertaken to occupy the chair-not that the meeting required keeping in order-but it was usual on euch occasions to have a chairman. He bad, however, just received a letter from the doctor, stating that he could not be present at the opening of the proceedings. The audience not making any remarkable démonstration on hearing this, the lecturer proceeded to say that his subject had, to a .ertain extent, been treated twice before in this colony. Mi Michie had failed to exorcise the ghosts, as he undertook to do, and Mr Blair had made " A Flea for the Ghosts." Neither had dealt exhaustively with the subject, and he (the lecturer) would go a step further, and try to explain the existence of ghosts according to the advanced opi nions of psychological science. He proceeded to state that the belief in ghosts had survived all human periods, but that while the ghost was once reverenced it was now feared-once firmly believed in, now pretentiously ignored. Ghosts were once believed to be able to decide the fate ol armies; now men of science had taken them into their closets, and they had ceased to be oracular. The age was immensely sceptical; still it could not help its belief in ghosts, but would take no trouble to subject the evidence to rigid and dispassionate investigation. The lecturer proceeded to define thc distinction between the two kinds of ghosts-thc subjective and the objective. In each of these, he gave a large number of forcible illustrations, enc referred his hearers for others to the works of writen on psychological subjects. These relations were all substantiated beyond the possibility of a doubt, anc they were of thousands that had the same clam upon our implicit belief. The entity or spirit wai altogether independent of the body, which was onlj functional, not intelligent. The soul appeared as ax objective ghost, and made itself visible by drawing ' electrical power from beings who were present. Thc lecturer here described in a very interesting mannei the spiritual movement now creating so much ex< citement in America, and detailed the manner ii which it is understood that the likenesses of spiriti are photographed. At the conclusion of his lecture Dr Hickson announced that it would be repeated ai the Town-hall, Ballarat Bast, on Friday evening next. The circumstances attending the death of Tei Sing, merchant, Main road, Ballarat, were made thi subject of judicial investigation by the coroner oi Friday afternoon. Wong Gonn Qaang, a friend o Yen Sing, deposed that be was thirty.nioe years o age, a native of the province of Canton, and hai been about six years in the colony. He was married bnt had no family alive, and was a partner in th firm of Qaang Loy Goon, of Ballarat. Witness hsi come up from Melbourne on Wednesday, and foam Yen Sing in the store in his usual good health. The; and other Chinese were smoking alongside of a pai of burning charcoal until about half-past eleve: o'clock, when Yen Sing took the pan into his bed room. Witness advised him not to do so, as ther was a Chinese nearly killed in Melbourne irani doio BO. If, however, Yen Sing did take the pan in, t be sere and leave the room-door open. Witnei then went to bed, and never saw Yen Sing aliv again. Tn the morning, hearing Won Ah Shin cr out that Yen Slog was dead, witness went down an found the door locked inside, but he saw Yen Sing o his bed, through the glass door. They knocked an got no answer. The noise attracted some European and then the door was opened by means of a screw driver, and Yen Sing found quite dead. Wong A Tape gave corroborative evidence. John Skinni carpenter, deposed that he opened the door of tl bedroom, and found Yen Sing stiff and cold. E had often told Ah Tape and others in the store th: if they ever burned charcoal in that room they woui die. Yen Sing did not smoke opium. Bicbai Jones Hobson, M.B., deposed that on entering Ye Sing's room on Thursday morning, he saw a piei of charcoal quite close to his bed, aod the air of tl room was greatly impregnated with the fumes charcoal, so much so as to affect respiration. Tl room was perfectly close; without a window, fir place, or other means of ventilation, except the doa Witness deemed that the deceased had died asphyxia, resulting from the excess of carbonic ac gas in the room, arising from burning charcoal. Tl jury returned a suitable verdict. A supplement to the Government Gazette publishi on Thursday nient, notifies that his Excellency tl Governor will issue writs for the election of metnbe to serve ia the Legislative Assembly as ander: Far the electoral districts in class No. 1-Date writs, 2nd September; day of nominations, 22i September; polling day, 5tb October; return writs, 11th October. Class No. 2-Writs, 23rd Se tember; nominations, 13th October; polling, 21 October; return of writs, 1st November. Class E 3-Write, 10tU October; nomination, 29th Octobe polling, 3rd November; return of writs, 7th Novei ber. We learn from the Argus that Commodore "Í William Wiseman and Colonel Ward, B.E, examin the whcie of the Hobson's Bay shore batteries Wednesday, with the view of advising the Gover ment of any improvements their experience mig suggest in the plas or the construction of o defences. They were accompanied by Brigadic General Chute, Colonel Anderson, and other office Colonel Ward, we understand, bas travelled frc Sydney for the purpose of making the inspectic The works at the Heads have still to be examin. but this will not be done until the Curacoa past Queenscliff, on her way out of Fort Phillip, prob ply on Sunday next. To-day ^Saturday) Comm dore Wiseman will inspect the Volunteer Na' Brigade at Sandridge, and as the force will be f through its entire drill, including cutlass exerci the proceedings are expected to le of a very inti eating character. Ia the Supreme Court on Thursday, tn rt Forsi and Carr, his Honor delivered judgment io t! essie, confirming the decision of the Commissioner. Insolvent- Bstates at Geelong, so far as tbe refusal tbe certificate, but did not consider the case as c calling for farther punishment. We learn from the Mercury that a public mee ti will shortly be held in Daylesford, at which I inhabitants will have an opportunity of again ent ing their protest against the transportation of £ tish felons to any part of this continent. Too LATE.-There was a scene at the railway yesterday, and it is equally important for the credit of the department and for the comfort of the travel ling public that it should never occur again. It happened on this wise:-For so morning train to Helba or ne has left Geelong at half past eight, and so little was any alteration antici pated in this respect that the officials themselves were uninformed on the subject twenty-four hours before the new regulation took effect; but yesterday some twenty-five or more of our principal residents who arrived at the station as they expected in good tjme, found, to their astonishment and disgust, that the train had left twenty-five minutes earlier than asnal, and deputations to the Government, engage ments in connection with private and public .busi ness, &C;, suffered an unceremonious collapse. There was a gleam of hope that an extra train might be despatched, but the telegraphed reply to the request, "that.the passengers must pay the extra £20 of costs,'* set that matter uncomfortably at test.. Ko blame attaches to Mr Cad wallader, the trafile super intendent, and none will in future be chargeable on the railway department if only reasonable notice ia given of similar intended changes.-Geelong Aâwer tiier, 2nd September. ' THE Caora IN GIPPS LAND.-The fanners say that tbe yoong wheat crop ia looking remarkably well. Should the season still continue so salutary as it has hitherto been, we need not make ourselves uneasy - about ancAher-visitation-of that scourge rust, and, with care, the caterpillar can be avoided, i The breadth of wheat sown is not equal to that ol last year; nevertheless, with a fine harvest there will be little room left for importations.-Gippe Lani Tim**, 30th August. 