MR SPURGEON ON ' THE USE OF ANEC DOTES IN THE PULPIT.' The Rev. G. H. Spnrgeon has been lecturing in the New Town Hall, Newcastle, on ' The Use of Anecdotes in the Pulpit.' After some preliminary remavks, in which ho referred to the example of Christ and several of the primitive and Puritan preachers ns an argument in favor of ministeis in troducing anecdotes into their sermons, he said : — The first use of stories in the pulpit probably is to interest the mind, and securo attention. I like Sunday, said a countryman once. I like to go to church, because I puts my legs ou the seat and goes to sleep and makes myself comfortable. That is probably a rare case, but there is a tendency in us, all to mako ourselves comfortable. I havo 67, young men in my college, and one of them is a great believer in mesmerism. He says, I believe I can send all tho others to sleep. I told him I'm afraid you won't do for n preacher. We don't put a man into tho pulpit to send people to sleep ; wo want to waken them. One of this sort of preachers stands np, and after making a few pauses, and uttering a few caba listic words, the front roiv in tho gallery have begun to nod. I suppose his text must have been 'I will give you rest,' for ho has most effectually done it. But when people go to sleep, it is not always the preacher's fault. I don't like afternoon services, for then I feel I am preaching to roast beef and pud ding. A preacher once said to an old lady who had a propensity to sleep during service, ' Yon should take sunff.' ' I do, air,' said the old lady, ' but if you wore to put tho snuff into your sermon it would he all the better.' The first use of anecdotes is it gives the hearers a pinch of snnff heforo they begin to listen. People who read tracts like to have a tract with a tale in it. Thoso that preach can get their anecdotes from any source, ancient or modern, I would not give much for the man's sense who could not find material for anecdote in to-day's newspaper. Oue day one of ? my yonng men went and got the Telegraph. I found in it' a story of somo men poaching. A policeman saw two men poaching with double-barrelled guns and a dog. They told the policeman that they were looking for mushrooms. He said ho thought thnt was hardly tho way to he seeking mushrooms with a'gun and a dog, and he then began to fumble at their pockets. One of them said he had a very small rabbit. Tho other fellow said, 'Don't tell any more lies; it's a very little haro.' The police pulled it out, and it liappeued to be a large hare. Hero was an illustra tion of the excuses incn make for their sins. They go poaching on tho devil's manor, and they say it's only a spree— a little pleasure. Mynextdoor naighbor, Newman Hall, ono of the best popular preachers, makes good use of every popular event. The lecturer adduced other illustrations from George Herbert, Isaac Ambroso and Benjamin Geach. He would recommend Plutarch's Lives — particularly tho life of Cmsar, Hero were hundreds of extra ordinary incidents. Of course a man must know how to use them. We can give a man a harp, and tell him where arc the strings ; he must go to a higher sourco to know how to play on tho strings. What a capital story that is in the history of Darius when he went against the Scythians. Thoy sent him a fish, a bird und a mole, to signify that unless lie could burrow like a mole, fly like a bird, or swim like a fish, lie would be unable to succeed. _ How this might he used as a picture of omniscience. How well thoso ancient legends of the Per sians, tho Babyloninns, tho Greeks, and tho Romans, might he turned to account. I re member to havo used the illustration of Quoen Eleanor sucldng tho poison from her husband's wounded arm, as an illustration how the saint would take away the disgrace that falls on the church by the wounds of falso friends. That is a noble legend of Godfred de Bouillon, when they wanted to put on his head a crown of gold, ' I'll never wear a crown of gold where my Muster wore a crown of thorns.' That is a lesson to us never to expect honor where our Master received nothing but shame and disgrace. I walk down my garden and there I havo an illus tration how great is tho power of patience. There is a dog, which I know of old, belonging to my neighbor. He has no business in my garden aud having a good stick in my hand, I take as good an aim at him as I con. To my surprise, he picks up the'stick with his teeth and comes nnd drops it at my feet. I said, 'Good dog; I'll never throw it again.' That served me for an illustration next Sunday on the power of non-resistance. We must, however, guard against tho manufacture of anec dotes. Thero is a story of a minister who was wanted on a Saturday. Tho servant said, ' My master cannot seo you to - day ; he is in his study making anecdotes.' That looks very like a manufactured story. Tho second point in the anecdote is its great usefulness, because it makes the teaching lifelike. The lecturer here re ferred to Albert Smith and his mode of illustrating his lectures by models. He could not, however, approve of tho conduct of Matthew Wilkes, who produced a pair of small scales in the pulpit, and held them up to the view of the audience while he announced his text, ' Thou nrt weighed in the balances, nnd found wanting.' Mr Wilkes was quite able to get attention withont that sort of thing. Take his illaslrntion of the text ' Seo that ye walk circumspectly ' — ' Did you ever see a torn cat walking on the top of a high wall covered with broken pieces of bottle-glass ? If so, yon have a correct illustration of the text.' A story had been told of his (the lecturer's) having sliddon down tho banisters of his pulpit to show the course of the backslider. The fact was, that thing was done a little time before he was born. After relating a similar Btory of a hackwood preacher in America, tno lecturer saw it wns nartuy ngut to fatherthese stories upon him ; hut as it was the habit to do so he would bo glad to take in the fatherless offspring, but let it he understood they wore orphans. I did, said Mr Spurgeon, once give a life-lilcc illustra tion, hnt it was perfectly unintentional. There wero two candles in the pulpit where I was preaching once, and I moved my hands thus (suiting the action to the worl). Thero was a bald pate below, and one of the candles fell upon it and was extinguished. I said, ' So also shall the candle of the wicked be put out,' and it was taken to bo a masterly piece of elocution. I do remember ono other. I was preaching in a school-room to a very rough audience. In the sermon I was speaking of the terrors of tho world to come, when a form broke. Threo old women were sitting upon it in red cloaks, and they rolled in a mass to gether. I could not resist langhter, though the sub ject was a solemn one. I said I hope no bones are broken. I asked where the form had como from ? Had it como from the Church of England? ' No, sir,' said one, 'it's ono of the meeting froms ;' and I said yon see .whether tho forms came from the Church of England or from tho meeting, they were not to be depended on. A French preacher was very life-like when he said;;.!'. I persuade myself that there are Magdalenes in tliisicoiigregation. andH'am going to throw a book at ono of them.' Down went thoir heads, and he said, ' Why, you are all Magdalenes.' After somo further illustrations on this head, Mr Spurgeon went on to remark that when men are in solid earnest they do not deal in abstract ideas, but are sure to clolho them in a figurative style. A man throws firo and lifo into .what ho says, and the story helps to incarnate the life. The third point is that anecdotes are very useful to explain doctrines and duties to dull understand ings. Somo people will go away and suppose you said the opposite to what you meant. Tho preacher should moke instances such as are plain to the people. As I said in one of my sermons lately, an illustra tion in a sermon is like the pictures in the Illustrated London News— they often convoy more informa tion than words can possibly do. Tho Jacko' dandyism of some preachers is enongh to make ono sick. Tho fact is there is a quantity of dirty linen in tho world thnt wants washing, and a preacher that can deal in nothing hut abstract speculation might just as well stay in his study as go into the pulpit, except that ho would not ho likely to get any salary. Tho sailors know tho story of tho old lieutenant, when the young officer came on hoard at night and ordered the sailors to leave off playing at cards, He said, ' Extinguish that noc turnal luminary,' — hut thoy wont on playing. ' Put out the candle ' — still they took no notice. He complained to tho lieutenant. ' Oh 1' said he, ' they don't understand you.' ' I say, hoys, dowse the glim.' Out went the candle directly. Fourthly — you will he glad when I say finally ; hut then thero will be finally and lustly ; and next we cannot help observing, and now to conclude. -But we don't treat you so badly as tho old Puritans with their hour-glass. After giving one hour they would sometimes say — Now we aro in a good and hal lowed frame, let us have another glass, and so they turned tho hour-glass. Perhaps the sermon con sisted of 119 particulars, of which, it was said, as of the hones of Ezckiel's viston, that they were very many and very dry. There was a mode' of reasoning by anecdotes. The book of Tremens Prime on tho Power of Prayer gives a series of facts which prove as clearly that God hears prayer, as a mathematician can prove Euclid's 20th proposi tion. All the arguing in the world will not prove God's providence so well as a number of wellat tested instances. John Knox said ho would not sit in his usual place ono night. In the course of the night a leaden bullet goes right through his candle stick, at the very placo where he would have sat, hut for tho strange impression that led him to avoid iti John Bunyan's return to prison at the very time when messengers were sent from tho Court to as certain if he were there was another cited instance. In referring to the springs of the ludicrous and the horror which some people had of being made to langn unacr a sermon, me lecturer siuu uu uiu it uu principle, as a Christian duty. Everything that was in man should be used in the service of God ; and mirth might be used in tho service of God as \- veil as sorrow. In one of the Psalms we read, ' When the Lord turned hack the captivity of his people, wo wero like them that dream ; then was onr mouth filled with laughter.' The fifth use of anecdotes was that) they grasped the memory. Anecdotes should bo like burs in a field, they shonld so stick to a person that ho cannot get them off from him. Mr Hill related an anecdote of an old friend who came to him and said that ho remombored hearing him preach sixty-five years be fore that, and the part ho remembered most was an anecdote. But thero was another notable instance of one who remembered eighty-five years a sermon preached by Mr Flavell, and was converted by means of the sermon when 100 years of age. If he was saying anything to a village preacher, he wonld say, ' Get plenty of anecdotes into them, it will then stick to them.' Then, in the next place, they ronscd the feelings. They had heard a good deal lately about slavery, and thero was a good deal of questioning about North and South, and really oue had not got mnch of an opinion about cither of them. But if he wanted to prove whether his countrymen — whether they sympathised with North or South — were still true to liberty, and to the emancipation of tho slave, if he wanted to work them into a furore about it, lie would, if ho could got a poor slave girl who was about to be sold in the southern market for the most infamous of purposes, ho would have her brought there and say that if a. couple of hundred ponnds could not bo raised she wonld he sold, he would say — ' Prove your love of freedom by your purchase of her.' Ho was sure that such a course would insure a good collection, because it wonld nrouso their pas sions. He knew the effect of this kind of pveaohing, because ho had tried it onco when preaching in St. Martin's Hall for tho refugees. At tho close of his discourse a man stood up and suid, ' Thero goes, sir ; yon shall havo every button I have abont me.' Something heavy went into the plate, and when it was passed up at tho end of the collection, there were eight five pound notes and five sovereigns, some shillings and somo coppers. Tho man had kept his word ; he had put the whole thump down, on the plate. It was the picture that did it ; he did not think it was tho rest of the sermon. Then they must read hooks upon death. But, by the way, had they ever read Drelincourt on Death ? If they had, they wonld not have been alive then. Well, some how or other, the hook never sold until they bound np a ghost story (which wasn't true) with it nnd then it went off marvellonsly. But all the dreary writing on the subject conld not move them liko a death-bed sccno itself. Suppose he wanted to show men how foolish it was to be always thinking of what he can do nnd then to put off doing until it was too Into, what better than the picture of a poor, silly man who, when tho poor man had been drowned in the river, turned round and said — when tho man had gone down for tho last time — 'I know what would have saved him.' He then explained to the bystanders how, by floating a log down the stream with a rope, the man might have been saved. Then a preacher must tell an anecdote in his own language and in his own way. If the Christian is the highest stylo of man, than the Christian minister should he the highest style of Christian. He maintained that, with his soul, on firo just as God had made him, lie should tell out with burning lips what God had put m liim ; and then wonld the word never roll out as if he had puddings in his month. Ho once heard a criticism upon a young minister that ho did not think would ever be passed ujon him. As tho con gregation was going oat of church oue young lady said, 'What a nice yonng man!' Another said, ' Yes, and how lady-like !' Now, he (Mr S.) did not think Ezekiel was very lady -like ; nor was J ohn the Baptist very lady-like. No ; the latter was cer tainly not very lady-liko either in his style of dress or atf-dress. Well, in the seventh place, let anec dotes be used because thoy nttract the careless. There wore so many ways of distracting thought, that tho preacher must seek some way constantly to keep up attention. He recollected that there was a quantity of yonng people took to fainting at liis place. There was always, during tho sermon, a quan tity of taking out ; he did not know whether it wns the persons who took them out that were par ticularly objects of attraction, or how it was. But he was wicked enough to get an idea. One Sunday thoy had got to number threo, when he said he knew it was very wrong iii him to complain of what seemed such a luxury to them— but he was compelled to do so, aud suggested that for the future tho word faint ought very gonernlly to be spelt feint. In conclusion, he asked them to pray at all times for their preachers, that when they sought out goodly words they might havo God's help. If thoy (the preachers) believed that the heights of eloquence would move them, if in their power, thoy would speak to them with the lips of men and angels : if, on tho other hand, the simple and common words were equally effective, then would they continue to use them, and they would baarthe risk of obloquy and reproach, if they might pluck them ns brands from the burning. It was their souls that were in danger, and therefore they wonld seek to bait their hooks with many a pleasant bait if they could only got tho gospel hook into them. The rev. gentleman then thanked them for their numerous attendance, and the kind attention they had given him at the whole of the services, and resumed his seat amid loud and con tinued applause. The TniAL* op Obesity. — A philanthropist lias lately laid his history before the public, and al though the record may provoke a passing smile, yet no one who reads it can doubt the earnestness and sincerity of the writer, or his hearty desire to benefit his fellow-creatures. It is simply the nar rative of a mau who was tremendously fat, who tried hard for years and years to thin himself, and who has at last succeeded. Ho wishes to let the world know how he vanquished his terrible enemy, and how at last the Demon of Corpulence fled from him. This is really a great kindness, and a man who, without fear of ridicule, and simply from benevolent motives, comes forward to reveal an experience of this kind, is doing a service which his fellow-creatures ought to recognise. Mr Banting, the gentleman who linsj had the courago' and good feeling to write and publish this ' narrative, not long 'ago measured- fire feet five inches, and weighed abont fourteen stone and a quarter. He owns that he had a great deal to hear from his unfortunate make. In the first place, the little boys in the streets langhed at him ; in the next place, he could not tie his own shoes ; and lastly, he had, it appears, to come down stairs backwards. But he was a man who struggled gal lantly, and whatever he was recommended to do he honestly tried to carry out. .Ho drank mineral water, and consulted physicians, and took sweet counsel with innumerable friends, but all was in vain. He lived upon sixpence a day and earned it, so that tho favorite recipe of Abernethy failed in his case. He went into all sorts of vapor baths and shampooing baths. He took no less than ninety Turkish baths, hnt nothing did him any good ; ho was still as fat ns ever. A kind friend recommended increased bodily exertion every morning, and nothing seemed more likely to be effectual than rowing. So this stont warrior with fat got daily into a good, safe, heavy boat, and Towed a couple of hours. But he was only pouring water into tho bucket of tho Donaides. What ho gained in ono way he lost in another. His muscular rigor increased, but then, with this, there came a prodigious appetite which ho felt compelled to indulge, aud consequently he got even fatter than he had been. At last he hit upon the right adviser, who told him what to do, and whose advice has been so successful ihat Mr Banting can now walk down stairs forwards, put his old clothes quite over the suit that now fits him, and, far from being made tho victim of unkind or ill-judged chaff, is universally congratulated ou his pleasant and becoming ap pearance. The machinery by which this change was effected was of a very simple kind. He was simply told to leave off eating anything but meat. It appears that none of his nnmerous friendly ad visers, and none of tho physicans he consulted, penetrated so far into the secrecy of his domestic habits as to . havo discovered that twice a day he used formerly to indulge in howls of bread nnd milk. The Solomon who saved him cut off this great feeder of frit, nod since theu Mr Banting has been a thinner and a happier man. — Saturday Review, 