1C0OOL 01 4311 hSNTERh'TWLhN2T. On Tusoday evening the members of the Elocution Class, in eooncction witll the School of Arts, gave their nieth entertainment. On1 this occasion a charge of half a-crown was made for admission, being in aid of the Ciass, and we were glad to Bad that some three hundred persons patronieod the entertainment; it would be im loasible to obtain a esore respectable audience. The chair was ccupied by Mr. J. M. Thompson, the President of the School of Arts. Tle following prologue, written by Sir Bulwer Lytton (shghtly altered), was read with considerable spirit by Mr. Winstone:- To paint the past e yet in the past portray, Such shapes as seem dim prophets of to-day. To trace, through all the migllttystreams of art, Natore's deep fountain-woman's silent Ileart; Aud, while thsroogh joy or grief, thsresgh calm or steife, Bound the wild paseions on the course of life. To share tise rare--yet point the proper goal, To make the affections preachers to the woul- Is the grand aim with which this Ihsppy age, Pow woos thle brief revival of the etage. Such isthe moral, though unseen it. flows, In Bluebeard's wiles snd poor Fatima's woes; Such the design we're bqldly kept in view, And losing boldneess, now submit to you. But well we know, and knowing we rejoice, The mightiest critic is tile public voice; And yet resigned, we trembling trust sn you Kind to the practised, gentle to the new. Yours in the great tribunal of the he-rt, Adss touched emotion makes the test of art. Amid the anxious strife of hope and fear, We aska favour-our expenses clear; And let not our appeal be all in vein, Keep us in funds and we'll appear again. To you we venture to refer our cause, A?dn hope to wi-s your aid and losd epplase. The prologue was followed by Mrsa.Oaudle's Lecture on "Shirt Buttons," reed by Mr. Tompkins wish much humour, and was well received, especially by those gpntlemen whsee enperience lias perved to them that the question of shirt buttons is often a bone of conten tion its married life. The senae from the "Ladyat Lyons" was delivered with great animation and effect by Mr. Chubb, and elicited frequent applsuse. The Brst part concluded witll a farce entitled "Our little Mistakes,' written for the Class. The scene is sup posed to be the best apartment in Mr. Briggs' houae in Ii swleh. Tile curtain on rising discovers Mrs. Briggs (Wiuuiette), old Briges' larger half, playing 'on the piano, end Mr. Brigge (Hindmarseh) reading a news puper. A little skirmisising arises between the happy ceuple respecting the piano and the want of lodgers. Sally (Mr. Myers), the seerant, is dismissed. In the meantime Mr. Smith (Kr. Taylor) arrives and hires the apartments from Mra. Briggs. In tixe absence of Mrs. B., old Briggs lets the same rooms to Mr. Jones (Mr. C. E. Cluhbb), a very touchy young gentleman. By some misunderstanding Smith and Jones both order tle same supper from Sally. Smith manages to eat it first sad reneives a soarse-whippiag from Jones. Mr. and ldrs. B. arrive in the niek of time, asd the mistakes are reetified to the eatisfaectio of all parties. Mr. and Mrs. B. cannot refrai' from a little mutual reermien tion. Theclherarters were well maintained throughout. The make-up of Mrs. B. and Sally were excellent. Old Brggs looked his part well. The second part was opened by a reading-" The totheros Le[son," a poem, which was rendered by the Rev. L. H. Eumsey, with his usual ability and taste. Then followed a recitation by Mr. John Wilson from Jelius Cwesar,-Mark Antony's oration over the dead body of C(esar,-wits much energy and effect. Tixe entertainment coneluded with so original eCtraeaganzs written by Mr. Hindmarsh, who is also the author of -'Our Little Mistakes." This was, without doubt, the best original ixiewe hiehld the Elocosion Class have ecec undertaken. Tile plot is taken, as the title indicates from the "Nrtaery Tose," adapted to te occasion, and containixxg numeraus local hits. The character of Bluebeard was taken by Mr. Hindaarshl; Mr. GAskarth perscoeted FL-atima to a nicety. Tse U Mamma" wss entrusted to Mr. Witnielte; and Sister Ann to MTr. C. E. Cxukbh Dr. Sawbonn, the fatuity psyicisn, a poromoter of" Taylor'a antibilious pills," was Mr. Taylor. Mr. Hsa;ltop took tile charaster of Cousin Samn faeter Lewis, "Hanna, the Telegph boy from Brie banse-trbeet." The darki-s were Messrs. Warden, H. Woedd, Meyers, and Griffith, who also sepreeented the glhasts of Bluebeard's former wives. At the rising of the cartaie, the erene is supposed to .be i Bhlxbehavd'a place," mewhere in Tpswicl. Bluebeard is ecated ac cordissg to Eastern cuetom, with, the family doctor at Ilis side and a row of darkies in the background. The opening chorus, "Oh dear what can tie matter be" Oh dear what'can the mattetr be, Oh dear what cats the matter be, a Blus bard is so ill I declare," was sung in excellent time and drew forth a round of applause. Tile leading charater is supposed to he in very low spirits coneeguent upon the fast of hdi having just beheaded his foerth wife, but being persuaded to toy the effict of one ol the "miraculous" push he sean recovers. Coming to the determination of one again entering into holy matrimony, ansd having advertised for a wife, ho receives a visit from three candidates for his affetiun-a widow and two lovely daughters. Blue beard being unable to make a choice resorts to a novel expedient to assist him out ax he dlemma. Fate Bosh on Fatima. Bluebeard desiring to haveate ceremony over without delay,first orders a ehilling wesiding cake frnm HMlt (he is not by any meas parsimoniouas), and tisen proceeds with the future M rs.Beard, Sa a " "beforeiourlovegetocool To the Registrar, near the Primary School Where for guinea we'll be spliced you se; And back we'll oome then, just in time for ta. Thus local hit was received with a round of applause. When they return, Fatima obtains " The emblems of my office, all the keys." Bluebeard at first hesitates to quit with the posseaaion of the key of tlhk chamber; but he gives it up with the rest cautioning Mrs. B. not to open the door. This is just sufficient to arouse the lady's curiosity, and immedi ately her spouse departs "She disobeys his strict injunctions." On opening the door, there appear four hideous ghosts, who warn Mrs. B. of her fate, as a consequence of her disobedience. Fatima in her distress appeals to "Angels, Ipswich Volunteers defend me Lieutenant Chubb, thy large force, oh, send me." Before retiring, the ghosts console Mrs. Beard by as sming her if she only kills her husband, not only would she escape punishment, but they would be released from their prison. The spectres then disappear, singing a chorus " 0 poor Mrs. Beard," to the air of "Lucy Neal." As soon as Bluebeard retuiss the whole is con fessed. He gives her ten minutes to prepare for death. At the expiration of the timd he is preparing to cut off the ladv's head. when in comes Cousin Sam. who nro poses to "Out offyour's instead." An amusing fight then takes place between Cousin Sam and Bluebeard, which terminates fatally for the latter' Before expirng, he requesta that his body may be sent to " Smith's establishment for boi'ing down ;" and after wards, " his bones to ashes burned," and placed in an urn. Cousin Sam is rewarded for his bravery by re ceiving the thanks of the company, and Fatima for his wife. The scene terminates with a horus, " Oh, Fatima, don't you cry for joy." The piece was produced in first class style, each part was excellently acted, the costumes were adm'iable, and everything passed off most satisfactory. Thosongs and processions (under the direction of Mr. John Wilson), went off with considerable effect. The Elocution Class well desel rod the success with which their efforts were attended, and it to be hoped were well repaid by the manner in which the entertauiment they took so much trouble to provide, has been appreciated. 