; ÍBOARPINQ-ÍOIIOOL BEVELATIONS. . AT tho,'?Wolverhampton - County Court 'a foi»'days ago, boforij Mr.:. Skinner,' the" judge, Mr. Carter, beerhouse keeper in Oharlov street in that town; was sued by tho Misses Oreen, lohoolmistresses, of Olarondou-atreer, ¡for tho eura of £7 10s. half of thit amount for ojie quarter's board and legging and education of John Çarter,, «god njn'o, his child, and tho other, half for compensation for the boy. hoing taken from tho abhool,'without a quarter's' notioo having been previou«ly given. The case :waâ tried by a Juryr. Mr. J. E.'Underbill osnduotcd tho caso Tor the'plalntifl'*, arid Mr. James Walker that for the;defendant., The liability of tho defendant tb pay the money saed for waa admitted,' birt tho dofendant declined to pay it beoause or ill'god, improper .md inadflloient íobd'háving boen giren to the boy. A. Bimilar action had a' a previous conrt, it will ba romemborodybeen'? tried before tho judge in which the Misses' Oreen, brought; an notion against'another defendant, and tho oase wont in tbeir favour, tho judge ruling that < parents who pub < their; chi dr^ri out on terina Bo.loir BB £lfl;a year for education,; board and lobing ..could not pxpeot , flrst-olasi diet. ,: Tho, i Miases Greengavoevidence to the effeot that they 'had ra-, ' ooived no statement from the defendant ar his wife as to the eauso of th* ohild belnp taken h>'wu,yj, .The child, i when ? ho went horns for a few d»js' holiday,on thei 2nd of April,; 1863, tho eve of Good Fi id ny, had a ohilhlaln 1 on his foot,I bnt'was Otherwise iuhi« usual health,' ,Ho had booti asbhnlar! with them sineo the previous Miohaelmas, and carno to them; when he was oight years old. ' ? Mrs. Sarah Green, the motber'of ,tho plaintiffs, and who superintended thu dietary of the.. sohool, deposed that tho ibby énlyiohoe took net'lo-broth and then at, his own rou nest.' I She had understood that nettle-broth wan good tn purity tho, 'blodd If gWtin'nino mornings Jn BucqeBsiou,, but hod toidi 'the ohiluron that abe would vary.lt. i She: couildorod that; <.thoilietary,of the ohildron waa good.' tibe went to. Mr Fopej when he wat attending theboy, ond'SIr, l'úpo si>id tjiatit' tho: ohild was having tho food that Mra.,Carter had atatod lt! waa not flt for a pauper. Tho ? ohildron had meat', every1 dey but Friday [and i:Monday. ''''1Tho".'çhlldron,"whp! did ,not prefer meat had puddln'g.ahd soaietimo» they had two platoa of, pudding. : _ i. ,,n'. Mr. Pope Burgeon deposed .' t¡bat ho'áttendod tho. hoy on Easter Montjay,,I,Apr(l,p, ,1813. . lie',,altendod bimi for aix .W9elt»,,¡ ,Tljoi lioy,i woa in av very emulated atate,'and1 tho intestinos:thin , Thero warf' noorgahlo dlaeaao,,>nd the ovidoncea wore all thoso of .f lfth4,iourv.y,,¡,.;,',Thé,injuries to the foot wore the giving, way of the «mall blood véasela through their ¡not >having, received.eofRoieot^notirUlitnont from the larger 'blotjd 'vessels. Tho oütna wore bf a livid qulour and; » wollon, óud blood "waa exuding from'them (?'tho blood that' was sb exuding was also of a palo eolonf.' Tho bleeding from thé libre was of ni light colour, another proof of tho impoverished, state pf tho .blood, , Tito brooking out on tho Ups waa likewise in thia oaao aa ovldenco 'or-Im- poverishment." ?'? Having Satisfied himself that there was ho oi'ganlo dliosBo/ho could 'reooncilo, thoso. symptoms with nothing olas than Imp'orfebb ¡feeding. ; The boy w.ts suffer, ing from Impoverished food and'itiiulllaient nourishment. A oloarer ease ho bad' hover seen ' During 'tho throe days tho boy was at homo nfier lie left sohoul, and before ho (Mr Pope) was called in, the boy could not have kept aub atantial food on his atomaoh ¡Ht bad been Riven to bim. An cooaslonal dose of nettle porridge might not/do a peraon in full habit burl ' ni rather good, but to give it to » child In thia boy's .weakly condition wonld be to' injure him ; still; one does woald tot do him ha'm." Ai an oooaairnal rural, sheep's head loup would not aot injuriously. After examining the boy, be asked his mother if ho went to> «obojlî. She replied, 'Xi».' He then added " Whatever school he goes to ha in badly fed." If he were right ia his ojnolui-ions, the child mast bave exhibited symptom« of ill-feeding three weeks before he was calle 1 in, inch as oonld not have e.>oaped the notice of ah attentive'mother. Nothing would havo occailonoi tho evidences in tho Hoy's system that he had described but poverty of blood and bad diet. He had had twenty-five years experience in publia institutions and be was s»M»(l<d on this point. A half supply.of good food would not baye produced the evidences. The food whioh the ohild took mutt have been bad.: '. if the child had been fed with .bread and milk pr tea. for break» fast, meat four times a'week, with always pudding; occa- sionally soup with sheep's head for dinner, and tea or Dread and milk for tea; the child'contd not have boen ill. The ohild was Ul three weeks. Whoa tba irritation of tho stomach wa« removed,, be took nourishing food, and ho then be^an toget.well. iWhat the boy told him as to.the . food be received confirmed him in tho views be bad formed, it , In reply to the Judge, Mr. Fope said that the ? ohild was decidedly not suffering from mesenterio di.ease. If he- hod been «o suffering he would'hof have come round so quickly. Eliza Moclachlan a servant girl, who had lived with tba plaintiff!, said that for their morning meal tho obildren had fl iiir and water mixed and boiled to the coneMency of thin fiaste, with a little akim-milk, at one"penny a quart stirred nto lt, and a ", lialf-rouud" of bread. It they did not take thia they had to go without. - but if they were poorly they bad tea. At other times the children bad for breakfast ? wster-grue'l, > seasoned wrpY salt ; or oatmeal and water, seasoned with nettles andsalt and onions. For dinner the childrea had on tiunday meit and plenty of vegetables', and always pudding. On Monday, padding ; on; Tuesday, the cold meat left oh Sunday! an I vegetables, but no bread ; on j Wednesday, boiled rice with treaole, or " treacle rol«yr;" ou Thursday, stewed rice with " lights'' out in it ; on Friday, ! riee pudding, hut very seldom meat ;. and on Saturday, a I piooe of boiled bacon or a, pig's face with rice or grey peas. - For'tea the obildren had one round of bread and lard, and a oap or more of tea if they wished. She did not pu take of the same, kind of diet as was given to the children, bat similar to that partaken of by the: plaintiffs. .Ou pudding days" the Mistes Green always hod meat. The children st the school numbered eight. They had meat three, or fuir times a week.: two or three times a week they had soup and pudding four times a week. Mrs. Garter (the defendant's wife and the child's mother) said that finding her child so weak she look him away from sohool, and three days afterwards called in Mr. Pope, During that three days tho ohild took no more than half a . bun and a little milk, tho first on the first diy, nothing on the second day, and the milk on tbe third day. The child'was' called, ohd said that he had netile broth ' eighteen or, nineteen, times during tibe time he was at tho j school. Tba oUldron n'sed to go out in tbe summer and gather the neitleB in tho lanes, and Mrs. Green used to gather thom in the winter.1 At tea time be used to sive half of his round of bread (from'ri threepenny loaf in all cases) to eat for bia breakfast with the nettle broth or the water1 gruel, bat It was always gone before the morning. He always felt hungry. when at tea. time be put by his bread for thai next morning's breakfast. He did not toll ? bis mother,' beosuse be feared ho should bo punished at sohool. Ho had a chilblain on his foot Borne time beforo bo went home. ' : A-healthy-looking young boy, now at the plaintiffs school, was put into the tm to rebut young Oartor's evi- dence, but'the' Judge ruled that he o'ould not be eximioed. The Judge, in sanding the oieo to the jury. Bald that a more important case had nover in his oxperierjoe come into that court, on account of tho importance of the youth,of tho oountry beiog properly fed. When Mr. Pope left the box-he thought that his evidehco could not be withstood, but when Mrs. .Garter said that her boy took nothing oa Good Friday last bot half a bun, nothing at all on tha following day, and only a little milk on the Saturday, he certainly thought that this abstinence might Imvo oiused the evidence's which'Mr. Pope described. He only regretted that Mr. Pope bad left the ooart boforo Mrs Carter ¿avo her - evidone'e, and that ho had not inquired from Mrs. Carter whai lier sou had takon whilst hu was ut home. The Jury returned a verdiot tor tho plaintiffs for .tho whole amount olaimod, to, bo paid on the 12th of April. Tne AaArEUjNE AoiiN -A poblioaiioo appears 'O ba iasoed weuhiy troin toe Agipenionr, or Abode oI Lno, near T noton. Thi following are oo.i'B cf tho'tao first numbers of «be publha'ion .* The Snooding of the'First' Tramp»! (Rev. viii! 7).-I acolaro thal Sod ia ona throne of judgment, - and that tbe Limb that was I alain iu in tho midst of ir. ' I dpolire, too, that, H9 has Hi« throne 'bf /judgment io B'olbcr Piioie, tbo man 1 whims nome in Tim Br inch.- Brother Tuckia Tho t Agaptmon'-, IT h "Jinnnry,1H0Í."' ''Tob'Sounding of iheSeoond Trampet (Kev, viii, £.)-1 drotaro that the Qmpel oburah bas lol fin away from Chritt, nnil is cdt fr m Him by ile . rej-clon "of Hla - Spirit iu Brother Prince. t I deolaro, too, that thora ÍB no way Hy wbiob it ran return to Him but' by >tn rohnowleißm-nt of 'he Holy Ghost In Brother'Prince an itu RoBtirre'otion and ita Life-Brother TUHNEB, Tho Agopumooo, iX'.ii January, 186i."' : ' v ' ' .'ROMANTIC STOBY.-By dlreotinnt of tho Proaident, private Georgs liol and, ol tbe Fifth Rhode I »lund Artil- lery;' h SB 'benn' released from tho Bervioe, , Roi ind,'wo .understand is an, BB<umed nam°, nod tho prrs m who benni it is tho BOO of an Kogliah noblrmm, willi an in como of'ten thousand dollars n year. Ho oirno to tblB obnutry ibjut'twelyf ra JD. ha aioot» ou a tour of pl, »»ure, iirith! sufficient "morioy. to moot the expenses of a ypoi'a travel, but, falling among sharpers, was soon relieved bf hie well-filled' porae, and while be wai nwaitlog,'« remit torioo .from homo tho.droll took piece in Kho.-e Inland, kore wesson opportunity to obtain money immadiateiy by cflcrlfg himself aa a" substitute, and he ncoop ed it. In oorapiny with otboia ho waa foiwerdod to the 5 h Regiment; but war bad.no ehanoe for him, ond be e.on began to look about for the means qfob;nining on honor able 'discharged This, however, waa' no easy rnatttr. Many.wera the suggestions offjied by hin oomrado", but they oil - proved ' abortive.' A fnw months since, upon promise o( reoetvlng.b oammleaian, ho saar.iliad a Urge sam of money, whioh was spout in raising n company, of volunteers io New'York, Hispían waa lo uooopt tho iomrrilHHfon', end then resign,; Alter the1 company" »aa Ailed np', hr wever, be failed to get tho appointment. Hia Oise waa Anally made known 'lottie Prealdent and hp bis now roaelved an honorable discharge.-Prot; idence {Rhodt Tulatiift Preii. ' ' '" v> Tmoif.EiUY'3 GEsEHOBrrV.-Mr.. Bayard Taylor writ AS SB lollowi ia.tbe laal number ol ibo Atlantic .Monthly Ifrigotine:.--"His mind was-always oooupied'Mth norna notiuuio ol quiet benevolence.' 'B.i'h.In' Amarina 'and in .England,,T. bayo koown , bim to plan ways by wblob he ooctd give pooániaty gsalataneo to «oma needy aoquuinl tnoe or countryman without'wounding- bia sensitivo pi Ide. Ha mide', many attempts to' procuro a good si'iuniou in ,New "York,for a well-known English author, who waa nt that- time in Btruitened cirouma'anof s. Tba latter, probably, nover'! knew of .Ibis effort io help bim. Ia November, 18Ö7, i "bon the flnitnoUl oriels ta Amerlas was ot its height,- I ha. poned to toy to him, playfully, th'ot'l hopod ray remittsnofB would.'not bo stopped..; Ho ; Instantly, plotted |up » noto-book, ran over I ho loaves, and Bald .lome, 'I Ind I have tbree bundred pounds nt my bankers,1' Taho tho money now, if yon ira ln'.wYnj ,r I i'; or.,,snall.'l. keepit ,'for yon", in OOHU jon ra y ticed Itv Fortunately, I bad no oooasion lo avail' myself of his generous offer; but I shall never forget tho impulsive, op">'-lion»terl kindness with. wblnri H wai mndn.'; RsronuXTioK v. REVOLUTION.-Reformation, or re- forming and revolution^ &o.; : Reformation in that which I detiro to seo in all tbingi1 in lifo and in art, in polillos, and in tho street pavemont, arid Heaven knows in what eli» bosides. Reformation is entirely negativo against abuses, and only romoves what obstructs- tho path i buta revolution, by moans of which all that wai formerly good (and really good) is nd longer to continuo, is to mo tho most intolerable of all things, and ls, in foot, only a fashion. 1 Therefore, I would nbt for a moment listen to Fanny, when'she said that Lafont'a playing could inspiro no farther interest sinoo |'tbór«uo{u¿i0ri effected by.Paganini ¡ for if bia phmng ever bad tho power to interest me, lt would still do no, oven If in tho meantlmo Thad hbard tho Angel Gabriol on tho violin!,',' It is Just this,, however, that those Frcnohmen I ' alluded tooan form no conception of ¡ that what is good, i however old' remains always new, even although tho present must differ from, tho past, becaueo it emanates from other and dissimilar men. . Inwardly they are only ordinary men Uko the former, and have only outwardly learned that some1 thing now rnUat,.,oome ¡ io,they, strive to accomplish this, sud, if they are even moderately applauded or flattered, they Instantly deolaro.that,thoy 'have ofTootêd a rftioiiiiion du i/out. ' This is why,1 bdbdvo so badly when they do me tho honour (as you call it) to rank me nmang tho leaders of this movemont, when I well know that, for thorough solf orjltivatlon; tho whola of a matt's lifo'ls required (aud often do'os not'iutlloe) j and also booause no Frenchman . and no newspaper, knows or evor can know what the future is to giro or to bring . anti, in order to guido tho niovoraonts of others, wo must Brat bo in motion ourselves, whllo snob refloatfons oauso OB to look bauk on tho patt, not forward. Progress ls rando by work nlouo mid not by talking, which those pooplô do not believe. But fur Heaven's suko. dou't nuppoau timi I wlf.li to dimwit either loforrortlion or progress, fur Í hope otto day myself to elliot a. rol'orm in mutta j and aud I Ttwh to ho nothing moro.-J/ontítÍM?íi/| f Ii:»t«r#»^ thin, ns you may soo, is hocauso 