IT EWS AND BOXES. There are some points in the Local Government Act which seem to have escaped general notice. One ia particular, of some conséquence to mining companies, is that the companies sre entitled to a certain number of votes for the Shire Council in proportion to the amount at which they are assessed, and can name those of their companies whom they may wish to represent them. The people of Carng ham complain that this matter has been represented to the different companies at Beaufort by the collector or secretary to the Shire Council, but that DO hint has been given to those working in or around Carng ham of tbe matter. A novel action was brought in the County Court, on Tuesday, ia the case Stuart v Allen. The plain tiff had a brood mare, which he valued at £80, and which had bred from the entires " Prince" and "Champion," well-known heavy draught horses, and he had contracted to have the mare served this season by the equally well-known entire " Both well." But in the plain tiff's absence from home, the defendant's servant caused the mare to be served by the defendant's entire horse "Clyde," and the mare is now in foal by that entire, which the plaintif! described as " the worst horse in the district," whose progeny was worthless. On this ground, and for loss of the mare's service for two months before and four months after foaling, the plaintiff sought damages. The defence was that the action was premature, as the mare had not foaled, and as the defendant's servant had acted without authority. On these grounds judgment was given for the defendant. The Great Republic Company is now no more. After a life of several years on the Inkermann Lead, and with more or lesa of success, and after passing through several transformations it has at last given up the ghost, and all its corporealities were bought on Tuesday by the Royal Saxon Com pany for the sum of £2525. This includes the Lemonade freehold, the Crown land chums, and all the plants and machinery on both the freehold and Crown land claims. It is said that there had been a company formed and a nice little plan arranged by certain of the Republic directors to get the whole properties into their hands, but an unexpected competition arose at the sale and the Royal Saxon Company eventually became the purchaser. We have had reported to us, on satisfactory evi dence, an instance of practical good resulting from the preaching of the Rev. W. Taylor at Clones. A person there who owed £100 to a creditor, but had not only not paid but had denied the debt, was so influenced by the rev. gentleman's address that he wrote to the creditor and acknowledged cud paid the debt. Several other cases of restitution have been at varions times reported as following from Mj Taylor's ministrations; but few have been so striking I or so well authenticated as the one we have giver above. AB inquest was held on Monday, at the Sil Charles Hotham Hotel, Flinders street, Melbourne upon the body of Thomas Scott, who was found desi on the St. Kilda Railway. The evidence went fa show that the deceased had been drinking, and wa suffering from delirium tremens, and the jori returned a verdict that he committed suicide wbils in that state. With reference toa statement made ii a paper found on the body of the deceased, Mr Wilsoi Hardy writes to the Argue to the following effect : "I could have had no interest in wrecking th schooner Gem, aa the policy of insurance is endorse to the vendor, who has not yet furnished me with title to the vessel. The remark of the decease was a mental delusion." Mr Hardy's statement j confirmed by thc agent of the Derwent and Tams Assurance Company, in which the Gem was insorec Nb doubt the charge against Mr Wilson Hardy wa the craze of a poor fellow laboring under aberratio of mind. The time-honored "six and eightpence," for tb formidable thing hight a " lawyer's letter," seems t have fructified vigorously upon the soil of tbe ant podes. In a Coan ty Court case, on Tuesday, i transpired that an attorney had written a letti demanding payment of a debt, with £1 2s 6d addi for costs. His Honor remarked that the costs wei heavy for writing a letter, and we suppose that mo laymen will coincide with the judge's view of ti matter. This evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, 1 Thomas Clarkson will deliver, from personal rece lection, a lecture by John Ruskin, A.M., entitle «< The Work of Iron in Nature, Art, and Policy, Members of the Institute and school children are be admitted at half-price. The Wombat HUI Cooipsny, Daylesford, fa declared a dividend of £10 this week. Mr George Oswald Rutter, of the firm of Harris and Rutter, was admitted on Monday, on the app- cation bf Mr Walsh, to sign the roll, and practise in the courts presided over by his Honor Judge Rogers. In the County Court case, O'loughlin v Thom son. in which the plaintiff sued for damages for fal imprisonment, the judge, on Tuesday, found for t plaintiff for £40, bat subsequently reduced t amount to £30. The Ballarat Bast Company obtained 29 oz gold lost week, sod the prospects of the compai «re now reported ss looking considerably betti .ame solid ground having been struck. The Wesleyan schoolhouse at the corner of Da and Lydian! streets is the- oldest ecdesiastu building in permanent material erected in Ballan Whilst its walla were being raised some stray balli from the Eureka Stockade folk were heard to 1 -,-L. .. . ? past the workmen, for the building, which waa at ¡ first used as a church, was built in those troublous 1 times. It has now become unsafe to use, and is to be taken down to make room for a Urger and hand somer edifice, which will be gone on with as soon as possible. The rapid decay of the old place has so far harmonised with the fast life of colonie*, where a decade past is remote history, and a building ten years old becomes a venerable rain. ' It appears from some remarks made by the Mayor of Ballarat East, at the meeting of the Council on Tuesday evening, that in consequence of the pub licans not being compelled to keep the lamps outside their premises aught daring the night, the Main road has been thrown into almost total darkness. It was suggested that the publicans* lamps should be used by the Council until other arrangements could be made, and, in order to remedy the evil with as little delay ad possible, the matter was left to the consideration of the Works Committee. A general meeting of the Warrenheip Cricket Club was held on Monday evening, in the Warren - I heip Hotel, Mr T. Warrell, Vice-President, in the chair. The following members were also present, viz.:-Messrs Ottaway, Bolton, Johnson, Greaves, Day, Warren, Meiklejohn, Ped rana, Morrell, Dono van, Howell, Mourne, and Ritchie. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed, and some routine business transacted. The charge of trespass brought against Mrs Duke in the District Police Court on Tuesday was dis missed before any evidence had been called, aa the Bench had no jurisdiction, the title of the property alleged to be trespassed upon being in dispute. The manager of the Ballarat East Gold Mining Company sued two of the shareholders in the District Police Court on Tuesday for calls due. The liability of the shareholders had been et first £20, it was afterwards increased to £40, and at a general meeting it waa farther increased to £70. The calls then accrued, but, as a Dew deed had not been drawn ap legalising thc £70 liability, the claim was dis puted, and the objection being fatal, one of the cases was dismissed, and the other being exactly similar was withdrawn. We are requested t D call the attention of depositors ia the Ballarat Savings' Bank to the notification in our advertising columns announcing the days upon which the auditor appointed by the Commissioners af Savings'Banks (or the inspection of the depositors' pass-books will attend for that parpóse at the Bal larat Savings'Bank, viz.;-From Friday, the 8th Joly, till Tuesday, the 12th July, both days inclu sive. The Theatre Royal will be re-opened this evening, for the benefit of Mr Symons, when Mr Jefferson will make his last appearance as Salem Scudder, in the "«« Octoroon"; Mr Symons taking the part of Pete, Mi Edwards M'Cloily, and Mrs Walter Hill Zoe. We have no doubt that the excellent cast of this popular piece will draw a good house, the more as Mi Symons deserves some consideration for his enterprise in catering for the playgoing public. The Essex Company has reduced the water in ita mine to the level of the cap- pieces, and there seeme to be a fair probability of the flooding being BOOB got over. The judge of the County Court ruled yesterday, it the case Campbell v Nankervis and others, that ai action did not lie against the individual acceptors ol a bill of exchange accepted "for and on behalf" of I company -under Pyke's Act. The argument on the other aide was, that the bill not being accepted bj the manager alone the instrument was not within th< Act, and the acceptors were therefore personally liable. An application was received at the meeting of th« Eastern Council, on Tuesday evening, from thi Secretary of the Ballarat District Hospital, for i , donation in aid of the fonds of that institution, pay I able either annually or by monthly instalments. Thi I application was made an order of the day for the next meeting. I The following are returns of gold mining from oui ' Linton correspondent, for the week ending Uti Jane:-The Atlas Company washed oat 24 oz i I dwt 12 gr. A company had 10 oz 11 dwt. Thi I Redan Company got 6 oz 16 dwt; Dodds'party, 4o: IS dwt; the Golden Age Company, 10 oz Ï3 dwt [ the Royal Exchange Company, 5 oz 19 dirt. Th j Springdallah Quartz Company's return for the wet] was 16 oz; the Grand Trunk Company, 43 oz; th Try Again Company, 78 OE; the Dawn of Hope, 5 o: I i dwt. Ia Davis' Tunnels there were got S o: 10 dwt. The retara from this company i generally mach larger, bat the accident to th machinery at the AtlaB claim has deprived tb company ol water for Eluicing purposes. Th Archer Company is still sinking in rock. The Alph Company is still prospecting. The return from tb Bull Dog Company's claim for the last fortnight wa 47 oz 7 dwt of gold. Lucky Womans-The Waverle; Company has got the water down to enable the rc3 to open a prospecting drive on Wednesday at lates; The handsome return from the British claim lai i week (584i oz of gold) has caused shares to rise coi I siderably in the claims of the Waverley and Luck Companies. There is a fall of about 63 feet tonare the Lucky Company from the Waverley Company shaft. The men are about to put in a cap-piece t< day at a depth of 259 feet. The Volunteers Compas bad 172 oz 5 dwt for the week's work. The compai washed a good machine of dirt on Monday. H Marshall, the manager, showed me a fine nugg weighing 2 oz 12 dwt from the same machine. Tl Robin Hood Company's return was 46 oz 6 dwt. Tl British Company washed out on Saturday 214j¡ oz gold, and on Monday, when I was there, had obtain* 49 oz ll dwt. The Grand Junction Company's retui for the week was 94 oz 9 dwt 12 gr. The Cleft in t! Rock Company had 31 oz 8 dwt 18 gr. George Allen was charged before the Police Magi trate, Smythesdale, on Tuesday, with having co ducted himself in a drunken and disorderly mannt and was fined ten shillings, or ia default twel hours in the lock-up. Mon Hing, a Chinese, was arrested on Tuesday, Browns, by Detective Daly, on a charge of havi sold spurious gold to Mr Keith, of Smythesdale, sot months back. He was taken before the magistra and remanded till Friday. A man named Leith, was killed by a kick from 1 horse at Hoyle's Creek, about six miles above F field, on Saturday evening last. The deceased h been in the employ of Mr Bingley of Mount Mero as shepherd, and was on his way with his wife a three children from that locality to Mr Attkei station in the Wimmera district, to act in the sai capacity. The anniversary services in connection with t Primitive Methodist Chapel, Smythesdale, were h< on Sunday last, when the Rev. Matthew Burnett, t popular revivalist, preached two Bermons. Notwil standing the inclement state of the weather, 1 building was crowded, and the collection in aid the funds amounted to about five pounds. The Weit Australian Timer of the IS th alt. says: " The memorial to the Secretary of State for t Colonies, called forth by his late despatches on I subject of transportation,- has been numeroa signed oat oí Perth and Fremantle, ia the dijtri to which it has been submitted. Three oat of fe of the members of the Legislative Council bs signed it. Most of the country settlers who refli at all are becoming aware of the perilous state which they are placed by the withdrawal of con tional pardons, the effect of which mast necessar be to retaiu in the colony, upon tickets-of-leave numerous body of the most hardened desperadoes the world. Without increasing the free popnlati there can be no sufficient employment for these mi They cannot be absorbed in oar small communi but mast remain a huge and festering sore upon I face of society. The object of the present mentor is to draw attention to this fact, and to orge u¡ the Government the necessity ot doing somethi which may have the effect of increasing the nomi of oar free immigrants." It is stated that Brigadier-General Trevor Chu commanding the forces, who has been promoted the rank of Major-QeneraL, will be succeeded by eiti Colonel Carey, of the 18th Royal Irish, or Colo Waddy, of the SOth Regiment. Intelligence has beenteceived by the mail i another battery of artillery-160 men-will «hoi arrive in Victoria. We fArgue) leam frase a private source that wi the Hon. H. C. E. Childers, M.P. for Fontein joined tibe Palmerston Cabinet he transferred duties os agent for the colony of Victoria to Capt Clarke, R.K. We believe this arrangement, wh bas not yet received the sanction of the colo! Government, will not entirely deprive ns of' Childers* assistance and advice in the conduct of i agency. We have Otago papéis to the 4th Jone, hut they contain nothing of special interest in wining matters. The JV«« Zealand Herald of the 20th May states that gold is likely to be found in large quantities in the Thames District and, if so, the war may lead to a very quick occupation of the country by others than the military settlers. A man called David Hill (in the employ of Mr Robert Dann) was admitted into the Creswick Dis trict Hospital on Monday. The man had been living in the Waterloo Hotel, formerly kept by Mr E. Meyer, at Sulky Gully. He there accidentally broke a bottle, and drove his arm on the edge of the broken glass, thereby severely lacerating the limb and wounding one of the arteries. When admitted into the hospital he was very faint and exhausted from loss of blood. He is now progressing ss favorably as could be expected. At the Creswick Police Court, on Tuesday, before Hr Dowling, P.M., tbe following civil causes were heard :--C. Clifton v G. Hawkins, £1, work and labor;"postponed for a week. Four cases brought by Ii. Carpenter for deficiency on sale of certain cattle impounded by the defendants, were settled.. Thirty-four causes by the Borough Council of Cres wick against rate defaulters were disposed of, a few being settled, others withdrawn, and the rest decided in favor of the Council. At the Clunes Police Court, on Monday, before Messrs M'Lennan and Sutherland, justices of the peace, Charles Polsánghora, for being drunk and disorderly, was fined 2s Sd or twelve hours' impri sonment. An interpleader case was brought by John Cahir, the bailiff of the County Court, Cres wick, who had seized a quantity of property belonging to William Carter at the suit of P. Mark. James Dickson (of the firm of Dickson and for syth) claimed the property by virtue of a bill of sale. The Bench struck the case out believing that it had no jurisdiction over cases emanating from a County Court. A nugget of gold and quartz mixed, weighing 49 oz, was got on Tuesday by Nye and party in Kew Chum Gully, Creswick. The nugget is supposed to contain about 40 oz of pure gold. From the various large pieces of gold and quartz mixed which have been found at different periods in thc locality, there appears to be no doubt of the existence of a rich quartz reef in the neighborhood. The half-yearly meeting of the Western Fire Brigade will be held this evening. Mr Montgomery, engineer to the Council of the Shire of Greu ville, paid a visit to Brownsvale, on Monday morning, for the purpose of instructing Mr Booth to remove timber from the Browns and Scars dale Great Extended Company's claim for a public work, to wit, the crossing at Springdallah Creek. Mr Little, the company's manager was present, and cautioned Mr Montgomery against removing timber from the ground. Mr Montgomery produced his appointment under seal from the Council. Mr Little said bis authority to prevent the removal was at home, and Mr Montgomery at once ordered Mr Booth to remove a panel of fencing to enable him to get tbe timber out. Mr Little used every means in his power, with threats of action, Sec., to pre vent the removal of thc first log, but without success. Tbe party, including Mr Dodds, the clerk to tbe Council, then retired and left the men in possession of the field i Mr Little say ice, of course, that sn action would at osee be brought for damages. A man named John Maloney was arrested last evening for stealing a purse containiog £14 15s from a person named Swanston, on Mcndsy night. John Bowles alias " Fly-by -Night," a notorious character, will be brought before the Eastern Court to-day on a charge of assault and robbery. At the Police Court, Scarsdale, on Tuesday, before Messrs Lock and Burke, JUE tices cf the Peace, the following civil cases were heard:-Newman v Brau ton and another, £2, balance due for work; order for the amount and 13s 61 costs. Cawley, manager of the Smythesdale and Pitfield Gold Mining Com pany, v Foulds, £9, calls; order for amount and 13s 6d costs. Same v Kee ve J; struck out. A hawker's license was granted to Patrick Hogan. The following from the SeeXong Advertiser explains why the last English mail did not reach Ballarat until many hours after the proper time:-"Our contemporary, the Ballarat Star, slates that the mails were not forwarded so as to reach the Post office there on Sunday evening, and, complaining that nothing has been gained by having letters transmitted ria Geelong, urges that some change is necessary in the present arrangements. We would explain that when Ballarat applied to have their mails made up ttparattly, and landed with those foi Geelong and Queenscliff, their request was endorsed by the Chamber of Commarce here ; but when despatched to London, the authorities at St. Martins le-Grand declined to accede to the proposal. Had the General Post Office conceded the point, the only duty here would have been to receive and promptly send on the packages, and a great saving of time would have been effected as compared with their delivery in Hobsou's Bay; but sending on the Ballarat mails mingled with those for this town and the west and south-western district, the entire laboi of sorting some forty-five boxes of letters and papers now devolves on the staff in the Pest Office established here. Hitherto no com plaint has been made about the change, simply because the Ballarat portion of the mail bas received attention first, and little was done for the immediate neighborhood until the up-country portion was despatched by rail; and none needed to have been made in this iostance, had the roaiiae of office duty been leas rigidly insisted on. Had the sorting of the Ballarat mails been commenced ou thc receipt of the packages on Sunday morning by those assistants in tbe post-office who are wil ling to work overtime in such cases, the entire bull might easily have been forwarded by the 6 10 p m train, and delivered at the poet office at half-pas: eight. But, instead ol this, the oifice was closec till midnight, thus superseding daylight and cleat heads and bright eyes, for the-eake of gaslight ant -wearied bodies and heavy eyelids. What would b( Baid in England of mails lying for fourteen or sixteei hours untouched, when the interests of thonsandi were at stake, and anxious friends and kiadre* were looking out for intelligence from those tbej loved? There ere certain duties, the performance of which ÍB as imperatively demanded on the Sunda; as upon any other day-the Great Teacher himsel inculcated the principle-and we consider that to tbi class such post-office work as this really and proper]; belongs." The Argus says-" One gentleman will be mud missed at the forthcoming review of one wing o the Victorian Light Horse, on the Ballarat Race, course-we mean Lieutenant-Colonel Ross, whoa unfortunate illness will in all probability preven his attendance to take command of his troop. Th gallant gentleman has held a command in thi mounted volunteers ever since their formation, am has taken so deep au interest in their managemen and improvement that his compulsory absence wi! be a real deprivation." We learn from the Argus that the businessofthe lat Victorian Rifle Association meeting was conclude! on Monday, at the Sandridge Butts, when th match at the 1000 yards range was shot off. Th wind was high, and the result unfavorable. Th nrize went to Mr Mills, who scored eighteen pointe The silver trophy and prize for the scoring at 80Ü 900, and 1000 yards, was won by Mr Sargood, S Kilda Artillery. In the equity suit of Greville v Taylor, for dissolu tion of the partnership between Greville and Bird telegraphic reporters, Mr Justice Molesworth o; Monday granted an injunction applied for by th plaintiff last week. He made an order by whicl Taylor is restrained from interfering, to the exclusio: of the plaintiff, with the partnership property, at» ordered to restore the books, fcc , in his possession t the placé of business of the partnership, and not t remove them thence; and by which Greville is noun to pay all partnership moneys received by him int the partnership account in the bank, and alta Taylor free access to all partnership books and docu merits. ' He left the costs of the motion to abide th result of the suit. We (if. A. Mail), desire to correct an error, int which many have fallen with reference to the step intending applicants for publicans' licenses ar required to take. The applicant ia required t deposit his application in duplicate, drawn up i accordance with the form appended to the Act, wit the Clerk of Petty Sessions fourteen clear day before the bearing of tbe application. It the remains for the Clerk of Petty Sessions to have an ol the notices affixed to the house proposed to h licensed, and to publish a copy as an advertisemeu in the newspapers. After the handing tn of the tw forms of notice the applicant is relieved of furthe trouble, sad the expense of the advertisement will b borne by tbe Government. The Marlborough iVeii of the 1st June, relates tb following story:-"The following is related to us < having occurred last Thursday in the waters of th Pelorus. There is a dash of lynch law aboutit, bc whether the principal actor will be brought to acconi is somewhat problematical, We are disposed to thin the affair will blow over. On the day here mentions two men agreed with the owners of a boat to be take from Havelock to the jetty at Mahakipawa. Th boat had reached aa far aa the Maori pah, when th steersman turned the head of it for the shore. " Thi is not the jetty, exclaimed one of the diggers. "This is where we stop," said the boatman surlily. "My mate-and me want togo to the saw-mills at the jetty," returned the digger determinedly. ''Then yon don't go in my bolt was the response." The man made no reply but coolly commenced to unstrap his swag. In a short time he produced a re volver, "Mate," said the digger to the boatman, " Can yon swim I" " Ko, and I don't want to," was the reply, "Pity that now, mate," was the answer, " because I can; yon see as your boat can't go where yon agreed that it should go; I don't see that it's much nie, and so IU sink it." With this brief and emphatic notice the man discharged the contents of one of the barrels through the planks. The water began to pour in, and the two boatmen showed the most abject fear. "I have five more charges," said our rather desperate digger, " and I think then I will take a swim with my mate." The insolent, overbear ing demeanor of Ute boatmen instantly collapsed. The boat was turned towards tho jetty, and the men landed with dry feet. " And now," said the gentle man of the revolver, "your fare is five shillings. If you can take it out of me, do. If not, I shall give it to the first poor fellow I meet. My mate can do as he likes. My name ls Davidson, and I'm at your service any time you like to name, day or night." Davidson, we believe, b noted among the diggers as a man of great daring and courage, and it is quite evi dent the dishonest boatman must have altogether mistaken his customer.'' 