LETTES TO THE EDITOB. WEESE IS THE PETITION? sra,-Yon ask, " Where is the memorial" to the Western Council, numerously signed, in favor of embanking the Swunp? I cannot supply ali the information yon require. Did yon, Mr Editor, ever hear of the " lost petition" sent from the Isle of Dogs many, many hnndreds of years ago, and which, I am told, is still diligently sought after without suc cess. I sincerely hope such will not be the fate of Swamp memorial, signed as it was by most of the influential ratepayers of Ballarat. Of my own know ledge I can say that ont of 390 ratepayers who were asked to sign, four only refused to do so. About SOO names wera attached to the memorial, which I placed in the hands of Councillor W. C. Smith for presen tation to the Council. Exclusive of the number referred to, a list of from 80 to 100 names was lost at Lester's Hotel. Sbonld I get on the scent of the noritinn I will let von know. t Tours faithfully, 31st May. WM. HEKRY SUBTUCB RATHER TOO SHABP.-Out police report furnishes a proof of patent injustice for which, there seems to be no remedy. The tale is a simple one, and the case was dealt with as a matter-of-course mistake that will happen in Victoria. Five Chinamen were charged with cutting timber without a license, but singularly the policeman who preferred the charge admitted that he was unable to prove they were not cutting it for their own purposes, and under the privilege conferred by a miner's right. The officer, we suppose, had been inactive for some time, and, with Ute intention of showing his vigilance, had pounced upon five of the injured race, in the capa city of an executor of the "law, and for no other cause than that they were exercising a right for which they had paid and to which they were enti tled. The defendants produced their ruiner's-rights ia court, and proved that they were mining at a very little distance from where they were wood cutting, and surely this very vigilant officer ought to have had the common sense to have ascertained these facts, and drawn from them a very natural deduction-that it was for their own purposes they : were cutting this timber. There was not even the ghost of a justification for the action he had taken. He did not even attempt to prove that the defend ants were the owners of a cart, with which they might have conveyed the timber to a market ; he did not even attempt to prove that the cutting up of j ' the timber or the kind of timber were such as would lead him to the conclusion that it was for '< the market;" but it waa sufficient for his purpose that five men, with an imperfect knowledge of the law, had given him aa opportunity of showing his vigi lance. The men. were brought up and arraigned for this horrible crime, and the result was they were discharged. Here the matter ends. The men were wrongfully brought up, they have learned the injustice of the English law, they have lost their time and the profits depending upon it, and for all this they ate compensated by a discharge on the pffence, and not that they were innocent.-M. A. ¿foil, 31st May. _' _ had tailed to prove the 