General Intelligence. MELANCHOLY AND FATAL ACCIDENT.--It is with sincere regret that we have to announce another most distressing accident, terminating in loss of life. It appears that the tram car was proceeding along Pitt street to meet the five o'clock railway train, when the vehicle stopped, as usual, at corner of Goulburn street, to take up and let down passengers. Professor Nathan, the well-known musical composer, was in the act of getting out (his residence not being more than one hundred yards from the spot), when it is said the vehi- cle moved on, and the unfortunate gentleman fell on his back. He rolled under the vehicle, a portion of the clog of the wheel passed on to his chest, and he died almost instantly. An inquest will take place this morning,when all the particulars in connection with this truly sad affair will transpire.—The following is the verdict :-" We find. that the deceased Isaac Nathan, aged seventy-four years, came by his death by being crushed under the tram car while in slow motion, and just upon alighting therefrom; but we think the com- munication between the front and back breaks- men to be very imperfect, and that more cau- tion should be used in future."--Empire. SERIOUS FALL FROM A HORSE.--We regret to record an accident of a very serious nature which has befallen Master John Ryrie, son of Mrs. Ryrie, of Arnprior. The young gentle man was, on Saturday last, running a mob of horses, without any purpose, however, but merely as a boyiish freak, when he was thrown from his horse and pitched with great violence to the ground,falling upon his back and head. Dr. Beer was immediately sent for, and applied every remedy that his skill could suggest. The young gentleman was, we believe, insen sible' for a long time after the accident, and has received a severe concussion of the brain. From enquiries which we have made, we learn that on Sunday evening last he was in a very precarious state.--Braidwood Dispatch. ACCIDENTS BY FALLS PROM HORSES.--There have been a great many horsemen lately who have come to grief. Spills, like the other ills that flesh is heir to, appear to be catching, and to run in chapters. Amongst the nume rous casualties of this nature which have oc curred within the past few weeks, we heard of a very slngular one which happened on Wed nesday at Ballalaba. Mr. Crossley, the butcher of Araluen, and a person acting for him as clerk were passing through Ballalba on that day to be present at the Qneanbeyan police-court on some charge of cattle-stealing against John Cronan. Mr. Crossley's com panion was riding at a rather rapid pace past Mr. Wallace's when his horse fell sprawling to the ground, and some parties running up to him, his rider was found in a most unenvi able predicament. The horse was lying stretched out on his side and the man at his full length,with one foot in the stirrup under him; was locked with his head between the horse's forelegs, and his feet jammed in be tween his hind legs. 'The horse was just about to plunge and roll about with the man in this uncomfortable embrace, when Mr. George Bell and Mr. John Wallace, who happened to 'be near at hand, got up to him and other ass istance immediately arriving, one took hold of horse's head, and others securlng him, from kicking by means of ropes, on his legs, the man was dragged out from his locked po sition and was found to have sustained not the slightest injury. Anotheraccident by a fall from a horse occurred to Capltain Battye, on Thursday morning, at Jembaicumbene. The horse he was riding suddenly began bucking, and pitched his rider, who on coming to the 'round, fell upon his arm, but beyond a few bruises, and the placing of his arm in a sling for a few days, we are happy to say that he has suffered no serious injury.-Braidwood Dispatch . T"ir" thai'is 'W ?CATr.--The' other day we "haid'broukglit todoir offlicc-; sheaf of uheatcut off a field :at Ciarroll's Flat, iin'oider to prove tihe "ccireness of our' statements in a recent : issue, and ini contradiction of "a letter which' "'appeared in our 'columi's signed. "A Man." 'The' little which :the ears contain is quite hrilvelled,"and probably a bushel of it would not weigh more thani twenty .or thirty lbs. The paddock in Which it 'was' grown-some seien'oreiglt icres-in extent- ienoteousldered worth reaping; and it is intended to leave the 'wh'eat'io shed the seed, and to take chance of a'-' self sown crop next year.' Litile as we.pro ?, f:ess`o tb kno'-" of' farming,' we' cannot help thisnking its owner will act rery Injudiciously by so doing, as such Inferlor'seed cannot be 'expected to yield a crop much better than that now on the ground, even if 'it should germi nate,: which is doubtful. We have endea SVoured to arrive at a correct estimate of the i"'- heat crop in this distridt, and although in s"ome inafaiikces the almost total dlestructioi of the I'te d'own crop hae ocemirred, yet we f are of 'dphiion that the incieased extent.of " ,ground unadiunltlvatilon will inmorethan make up for the loiis' thus occaesloned The early sown wheat la?eojirednted as being one of thi inest criiops th'ie''~er fell beforo the sieckle--'`' thse grain plii~,tn'pll'd'ih'oi mt'iu'very lam'ge±--. and.it is Impossible to uudlerstietand "why 'the ' price of flodur' 'iolold 'be raised to £25 a' ton ' while nidw 'Ei,,it has beien purchased by 'the : .miller ref'eri~ed 'to at 4/6 a bushel. The de i~nanrdl thi:'district for flour is limited, and' ei. :'the result ?iofthise unwarrantable advance in" i rice must. prove most inojurious.to this distriet. -.'While the farmers are unable to to pijtaln" reasonable, prices :for their wheat, whi " ch the rate demanded for flour would jus .tiffthe article is on its way to Yase from Sydney, and will on arrival be: sold some £2 or a8 pir ton cheaper thanithe home-made S: artple is quoted at; theresult is that a mar e. ,?kot alrandy. confined ?vithin narrow limits is hampeord'to iuch an extent that the farmers o, f the district are unable to find purchasers for their grain at any, price. At the present time there is in Yass' almost a monopoly in flour and grain, and,' an old resident of the S district, extensively engaged in buslIness, has ' t asserted that if thisstate of things continues t .o much longer he will "exert himself to have a . joint stock company formed for the erection S and working of a new lour mill, We.hope r' those who now have the command of the mar -ket will prevent any necessity for this sugges is flonl being acted upon, ;or there cannot he a. , doubttbat there are already mili. sufliotent' to meet the requirements of the district; and: :l we hope that by adopting a fair and judicious course all ncaue of .comilaint in the matter referred to will be' removed - Ye's' (nurvnr. DEFAULT IN THE PUBLIC SERVICE. --- Th Wagga Wagga Express says :-- It is our pain- ful duty to record the suspension of Mr. Jas. Shelley, clerk of the bench, directed by tele gram from the colonial secretary, the cause being defalcations in his accounts during the last six months. Unpleasant rumours had been afloat for a day or so, but the fact be came known on Thursday morning when the clerk was not in his place in court;: and the duties were discharged by the police magis trate. At a subsequeiit period of the day the police were seen moving about, and" it was surmised that something further waste follow. This surmise proved correct,. for at 7: p.m. Mr. .Shelley was brought into'town, in the custody of Sub-inspector Morrow, acting as-we learn' under the instructions of the colonial secre tary. "'At 'eight p.m., Messrs. Foreyth ,and, - Rogers,'J.P.'s, attended at the court,: when an application was made for allowing.bail. The application:was acceded to by the bench. Mr.. Shelley in hiT own recognizances for £800, 'and two sureties in £400 each, Messrs. Byrnes and Roach, to appear and answer certain 'charges-to ie pressed against him on the 27th inst.,'the hearing 'being fixed for .that day. He was then discharged from custody. It was circulated through town that he' had made away with'the sum of £800 'drawn by him after his suspension, but on enquiry we find that he haiided 'over :theamount to the police magistrat. when` iequested.-: ?Until'this un 'fortunate matter is-legally gone nhto, we re frainin justice to the prosecution, and accused from stating more than that there has been the greatest irregularity in the keeping of the public accounts. Many idle rumours are, of course, in circulation, but there is.one point we would particularly impress upon those of our readers having purchased land, the ne cessity (from this case' arising) of making such known:to our' police magistrate so as to save their claims against the government and Mr. Shelley's sureties of office if need arise. \--Goulburn Chronicle. A: NONOGENARIAN.-Richard Parsons, an old blind man well known to the residents of Goulburn, and who was in the habit of sitting in Auburn-street and receiving alms, died yesterday afternoon. Death was caused by general debility. Pairsons is said to have been 92 years of age.-Goulburn Chronicle. NEWSPAPrER TOILS.-The. following pic ture, which everyone at al!- acquainted .with the nature of the labour requisite for the pro duction of a' newspaper' will recognise as truthful, is from the : Goulbur," Herald's Sydney correspondent :-Poor George Thorn ton is dead, folioWving soon oil the heels of Silvester. He was only 'thirty-four years of age. Truly those who chain themselves to the journalistic, profession, .had need of iron constitutions. ' Though'the"' il in the.lamp of life burns low, and the light sadly flickers, an exacting and inexorable public must still have their modicum of news, interesting, funny, and fetched from the furthest bounds of the earth. Sitting cosily by. the fireside as thou takest thy breakfast with thy pretty wife, O 0 good Mr. Dives, why" so hard on-the short comings of the poor.newspaper Lazarus? :If thou couldst but see him toiling at his task in the hot, unwholesome, gaslit room, while the stars pale before-the rising sun,,.mayhap busy with those deba'tes which thou readest with so 'n.uch .interest-or hastily penning that denunciation of wrong and evil-doing which a few, hours 'later: shall ring.throughout the land I Conscious he. ofte is: that there are faults in his work-faults some owhich, good critic,' thou mayst be, severe on; but the greater part of which the unpractised eye sees not.' But. 'tis a race against time; and he who stays to adjust too nicely his ornaments will be behind. No tiie forso mchI sto a clot an i As over the plio his fingers fly ' For the printer a's boy is s hmdhg by, And "copy, sir copy" is still the cry. I pray thee,'therefore, 'good Mr.' Dives, deal leniently with him. He is, look you, but a .poor:weak mortal-with rare +gifts perhaps, which under happier auspices' might have brought him fame-and fortune. But the tide has gone'sadly against him,. look you ; the toil and moil of. a weary daily struggle for existence,' the late 'hours, the unhealthy at tendances in parliament and at the printing house rapidly tell their tale. " He does not,' look you, at any time write as .he ,could write -as he would write, were he like thyself, Mr. Dives, gifted with his cozy study, and drawing inspiration from his well- appointed library, and its varihius elejgaincies.' .Nay.! nay ! such is not for'the poor literary hack. 'With fingers weary and aspect w?.n 'It hatli been so, must be so agal- The yourg.old man site by early datwn Busily plying ise ?en. " W rltel writel writel . In sickness, in sorrow--nod when His tweary task with hIs life hath past Say he died, as lie lived, by his pen. No wonder if life ebbs apace-no wonder if Silvester at forty-eight and- Thornton at thirty-four exhibit'instances of the usual Sduration of.life among the pressgang.' Think not, 'good Mr. Dives, that I have sought to limn a picture to affright thee.. I testify tbat I do know and declare tkat I have seen aye, more-that I do feel, not'slowly, coming o'er myself, as' come it must o'er everyone similarly doomed to' the most soul-harassing Sand b'ddy destroying, of occupations. i' I~ii sb ii AsYL? dxa s ntiiAi nescaped lu I natic-dr rather an escaper froni oine of our pre ciouslunatio asylluims-named Jas. Woodward very boldly gave himself up to the police, and courts inquiry as to his alleged insanity. He is under remand; but having already been ex amined by two inedical' men they pronounce him quite sane; and his friends are of the neame opinion.' How h. got into confinement and why he was ktpt there is a mystery. If he really was insane and has been oured he ought to have been discharged, and not driven to his present extraordinary means of proving his sanity.-Correspoudent to Goulburn IHerald. Tax CooxA MAIL RonnxaER -On Sunday .last, Sub-inspector Brennan, while in compa Sny with Sub-inspector Black, apprehended Patrick Birmingham, at Phil's Creek, on a charge of robbing the Cooma mail. At the same time they apprehended Richard Middle ton, alias Ruggy Dick, on a charge of horse stealing. Middleton had been acting as-a *" bush telegraph " for Birmingham, who is a Sdoe looking young man, a native of Sydney, and when apprehended, appeared to treat the charge against him with the most perfect nonchalance. In the course of conversation on S is reod to Yass; 'e said he ws nnlp, folluw ing in the footatops of bis fat16= Middleton has long been suspected or conveying i?e ?: mation to bushrasgta. r'h:, boue that .l3tr minghliei via rldita wMh« nippre.anded it r 'remarkably fine one, and very ,probably will be ownediiln the course of a few' days.-Yass Courier. TERRIFIC GUNPOWDER EXPLOSION AND FA- TAL ACCIDENT.-In the early part of this week .. information reached Young of a terrible dis- aster having occurred by the explosion of gunpowder between this place and Forbes. Mr. McGrath, residing at the lower end of Tipperary Gully, and who owns some bul- lock-teams, had been engaged in taking load ing'from' Forbes to the Pinnacle quartz-reef. "- On Saturday last he, accompanied by a boy, left Forbes with a bullock-team,, the loading, of ,which consisted partly of gunpowder.. They had reached" Higgins's station;, near where they camoped for' the, night.' On" the following morning the people on the staition.i 'were'alarmed by a shock, which at first they thought was an? earthquake, but on looking " rout discovered it to be the result of an explo-... -!sion of .gunpowder.. ,The boy was found *dreadfully iangled, and quite dead.' McGrath was thought to be dead also; but on remov ing him he gave signs of life, although little hope -was entertained of his recovery for many.-hurs. Another man i aleo s~everely, -burned.' : He had just comde from the station, and was conversing with, McGrath when the sad and unfortunate accident happened. :It was at first reported that four.of the bullocks were.killed,- which, however, is not the case. :A. coroner's inquest was held,upon the 'body.,. ".of': the boy, who was afterwards interred..: What-makesthe'eircumstances more painful, is the boy being the only son of a widow. Bye _ laterintelligence we hear that there are hopes of McGrath's recovery, although some consi derable time may elapse before he will be able to move about, being -eeverely. burned about the body.. The supposed cause attributed to:, ,the powder igniting is a bucket in which the : 'boy ;had been, boiling some beef,, being set .upon a cask of gunpowder immediately after. thehbucket had been removed off the fire; that. either the heat 'of ..theibucket or, 'a live coal ;adhering to0it burned its way through the top: of the cask.-Burrangong Tmnea. A "Yourn or FOURTEEN COMMITTED FOR TRIAL FORt SE(iDiNO A TiliEATENINc 'LET-. TEa.--Mr. Thomas Walte, son of Mr. Joseph: Waite, corn-miller, Bishopton. Mill, Ripon, on Monday last received, through the post office, a letter, oof which the following is a copy :-" Sir,-We write. to you to inform yoq' that we are goling to Australia next month and that we are £8 0. 0. short of our expenses, so we want you to give us it; :and when .we come back, if we are successful, we will give : yonu£00 0. 0.' back for.it. 'Theoe Is a hole again 'your stackarid' a' sod agai'n it so you' can lap the £8 0. 0., upin a bit'of cloth put., in the hole and put the sod on it it is the stack. again that Garden we are three Villains and - stick at'Nothinrg so if you do not put it' there to- night byIj aven we will :murder you ;.ve will cut your 'Throat from Ear to Ear. And if you, speakl a word to anybody -about this Letter we will stab you, but you do what we have told you no harm shall come to you, but if you do not our revenge will overtake you. We rem?rinJidhnes Cuflln Dlck Markam John .. Wicks put'ln this afternoon or. else by God we will burn you to death' Say. not a word about it Our knives ore sharp & our pistols sure-Mind .we: oly ask:you- to-lend us, it'.'.. The perusal of 'tb?letter very naturally caused great alarm, and Mr. Inspector Kane, of the "West Riding constabulary, wasE communica- .. ted with. ::Acting 'under' Mr Kane's direc tions, three farthin'gs eere put in a stocking, ; whichwasirplaced in a hble: ndicated by the letter, and the scd'put over it.- Mr, Kane, a police officer, and"Mr. Waite; jun.;, and ano' ther person watched the field from about half past seveni in'the evening until about four in the morning, when Mr. Kane and the consta-': ble were, left'aloneo. 'Between half-past five. and six'o'clock, a youth, between fourteen and filteen years of age, named Andrew Forster, a,: ropemaker, a near neighbour of" Mr. Waite, entered the field, looked round," and went in'~ the direction of, the hole a few yards, looked round ' second time, then went in a stooping. posture for five or six yards, and afterwards straightening himself up, ran to ihe hole and lifted the sod." Seeing the initagined prize, he clapped his hands together and then gave -an exulting leap, took up the. stocking, and the ext moment was in the custody of Mr. Kane. '-Leeds? Intellegencer. ExTrAORDInarY CABsE.--A 'girl, named.' Mary Ann Barber, .wast seitenced to'fourteen " ydays' imprisonment atTaunton, on vVednes dty, for a singular offence. Barber, who'was s"upposed to be an 'invalid, disappeared abciut. two mionths ago, and it was supposed that she had been inurdered; ;Suspclion fell on 'the woman with' whom she lodged, who then "told' the - followinrg remarkable story, which now tuirns out to be true, but was not believed to.. be true. During the summer. the girl Barber ledged 'at her house, keeping her bed en tirely, durlng a po tion of which time she was visited by charitable persons who daily looked for her decease, so ill did she appear, pliadretatly .taking no feod to sdstain life. In •he house were other: girls, who went out' daily, to labour and' who invariably com plaided on their return that 'some of the vie-. tuials had mysteriously disappetared.' One day. *ailttle girl, on the 'return of her 'mistress, told'.her. that Mary .Ann, the invalid; bad' Sbeen down stairs in her night dress, and had JcuLI IU uecupuuaru aug iaaen more viteuais -When Mary AAnn was told of this she stoutly denied it, anid asserted the girl must have seen her gh6st, and doubtless it was a token that she should "speedily die and be with'Jesus." One day the food in the cup board continuing to .disappear, the mistress resorted to. stratagemn to discover the thief, and told Mary Ann that :she was going out . and should not be home for several hours.... She locked thel front door, and apparently left the house, but at once got in again by the back way, and secreted herself in the cup board. In' the course of half an hour she heard footsteps coming down stairs and then the door of the cupboard was opened, disco 'vering to the mistress the ghost Mary Ann, and to Mary Ann the ghost of the mistress. Both were too much frightened to speak at first, but the affair ended in the mistress or dering Mary Ann to leave the house next day. Early. in the. morning Mary Ann had vani shed, taming with b, hr some of t'e apparel be. longing to her fellow-lodgers. 'A lay or two since abc returned to 2,6 town and at was once glven4.nt eti~i tody ; a charge of vagrancy. ,TsrHe..-Mr..?W. Dean offered for public :. competition, in- the course of last week, a ?: number'of pastoral leases of CroWn lands for- - felted by previous occupants; • Amonig-others e thieri were some runs in the-Monaro district,. whiEh were passed, no offer havlng been made. This Is attributable, no doubt,-to the cheese paring pollcy' of the present Ministry, who., have determined to dispense their advertislng: patronage exclusively to' the Sydney daily, journals and the Goverriment Gazette. 'VWe;; have. never thonght it worth while to notice °peri~fally ihe'unwisepoliley carried on by the:: Martin Ministry in withdrawing the Govern mnent': advertisemente frd?i the ': provincial .. press; but we think they will see Tfrom the lack of comn?ititloi at the lat& iati?F?eas wella.:: as tie absence of tdiederefi:for'; to e tic'variousrn. Government contracts at present advertised in'.: 'the' Gaette that they have taken'i very stupid course in withdrawing frbomthe country papers the advertisements for tenders 'and other mnat: ..i ters requiri?n public, competition;, which had' been allowed by thie Cowper fidmiiistRation.--." AlfosnarolMertcury SUBnsTITUTION FOR TfE PROPosED NEws" PAPjn TAX- -It Itsi not'very often' that we ventire a Luggestion to Ministerial Potenittes, but we would' very' respectfully' recommend the respected Colonial Tresetrer, In lieu of the:i tax he proposes to 'place upon .niewspapers, to. I?ntroducet a bill?'or the gratuitoiiu supply by,+' Governiment.ofany required quantity of tao R4 to enable unfortunate newspaper proprietors to nail their defaulting subscribers, either by ,the coat tails or otherwfiee. el's Life. We extract the fullowing from the. Empire, . ot Saturday last.: The statement of the revenue for 1863 has just been published, amounting to £1,582,000, 1 as against £1,682,000 of 1862, thus showins a falling offof £50,000. Thisefalling,off, ho . ever, is more nominal than real, inasmuch as' Sunder most of the heads which form a criterion of material progress, there 'has been an in ' crease. 'A large proportion of the decrease is caused by.the reduction of" the gold duty, and' ithe interest on the city, debentures.:which, in fact,,meansnothing. During.the last quarte of the year, however, the result of the recent tinkering of the tariff becomes painfully ap parent. , There is a falling oft of £81,000 in the !Customs', receipts, whereas, during the previous three quarters, the increase has been most remarkable.. What we have lost through ' the kind services 'of our colonial Gladstone, Melbourne nodoubt has won..-. Let this pre; clous state, eof, affairs continue ",a year or two'. more,". and we need: give no further thought to.the fortifications, of Port Jackson, becauise there will be nothing left to defend. The French Consul 'has addressed a com munication to the Government, complaining of` the increased duty laid on!French wines. A ,profa ie and ridiculous couplet. said by Mr. Robertson to. be extracted from one of the songs of the' Chriety's Minstrels, was in??' troduced the otherievening? by that gentleman in one of his speeches in the.Assembly. The words were taken down, on. the motion of Mr. .Dalgleish, but no furtheri step was taken in the matter. It' subsequently appeared that the lines were not the Christy Minstrels ,at all; they. must therefore have proceeded fromn the fertile (prurieit?) imagination of the'?t " very scrupulous honorable membei himeelf:., We sincerely :regret to ahere'to record.the -death of Mr. George 'Thornton, a gentleman well and very favorably, known:among, the ;;sporting' and :literary: circles of Sydney.- ?He ''was at one time editor of the Era newspaper, and had, for some years past, been engaged on the reporting staff of our' contemporary the Sy'dney loreriinfHlcrald. The decepsed gentle 'man who:bidi been so long ;:ailing, leaves a wife and large family to: lament.his untimely, The Minister for Works in.:Victoria bas promised to. co-operate with the inhabitants of ".'Riverina,? in the construction of a bridge .across the Murray at Echuca.... . The. All-England..Eleven continue to add., to their.laurels in Victoria, having defeated the twenty-two.at Sandhurst, ansd at Ballarat a. slnilar.number in one innings. They are. 'expected in Sydney ?n the month.of March. ,Avery large nugget, containilng about 50 ounces of gold, has.been. received in Sydney, the. produce of the Callope.diggings, near Port. Curtis, in Queensland. The ,prosperity .of oiur agriculturists J.this year seems to be.very giloomyd Ru shas now shown itself in the: maize, crops, and the po tatoes and. beans, have..beeneseriously Injured .by the ravagea.of.the caterpillar.. ,An interesting and learned .lecture on the. Ancient iuldees, was' delirered .on Moqday. evening week, by Dr. Lang, in the 4eots Church. The rev.. gentleman 'has been rather severely, but very, good-natu rdly handled in , the Freeman's Journal In reference to thesub ject, and hls mode of dealiig with it., : The bushranger Vane.has been brought up at the Bathuret policei cotirt, charged with havlng, been concarnied in :tie attempt.made some timindi ce by Gilbert, O Meally, and 'others, to rescq some prisoners .from the cus tody o( spperitendent Morissett on the. road to Carcoar. ' ' On Thursday e?ening, at the instigationo.f Mr Rediiihan all sfrangers (repborters Incuded) " were oirdered out of the Assembly at bajf-past n;ine o'clock, and the:oiibue sat with closed 00aoors iII nearly twelve. The reason assigned bythe honoirable membei was"his desire that the disrepitabloe modie of, rioceeding should not be made known to the pblic. Mr. Charles' McDermott was conimitted at Young last Friday to take his trial at th~e ext' quarter sessions held at Yass, for an assault upon the editor of the Star, comnmitted in his own ollce.. STh?e buibrangers who robbed the Aralnen .ialt were apprehended on, Wednesday the 18th, at Mooney's public- house, at Moriuya. They give their names as Doyle and McGeeI Their description tallies with that of the men who robbed young Mr. Livingstone on Tues day last, on the Little River Road, Nothing to implicate them in -the mall robbery was found upon them. A large stack of hay, beionging to Mr. James O'Brien;' was fired bn Saturday last, at Jembaicuinbene, and 'partially consumed. It is supposed' that 6meo' person carelessly llphted hiN '!r, alainaidd of it. and so flrvd the stack. .M1tvrs, P'arkes,. Long,. Milfrord, Cooper, Davlil ?liiibannu,'nnd J),~. lildyno, are spoken of as probable canid1desc loi.' ti reproecntnrion of Braldwood, - 