==fr--- W SHIPMENT OF GREEN. MAIZE. - A FEW WORDS OF ADVICE TO OUR FARMERS. LBT me premise, Mends, iii order to encouroge your confidence in my disinterestedness. I am neither cornmerohant,commissionogent,Uverystable keener, nor gaol purveyor. I am a consumer of corri certainly, to the extent of a quart, now ond then, for my fowls; and a few ounces occasionally for my breakfast, in tho form of porridge or hominy-which by the way I can recommend to to my readers ns a very light, wholesome diet. You will perceive then, that I have not much personal interest in the maize market; and whether jou accept my advice or not, I trust you will acquit me of selfish motives in ofTering it. X I happened to be present, a few days ago, whte two crave merchants were buying and Belling .1 quantity of maize, which had recently arrived in Sydney by one of the Clarcnco Uiver Bteamen ; and I WOB a good deal amused at the difference ii opinion expressed, by the vendor and the vcudß(: the former protesting that thc corn WOB first-rate, only rather greeihj while thc latter declared that' lt was dirty, mouldy, and hot enough to roast pott* toes. «SteNo tiin\ a bargain was concluded, at> price 8onWu\t under tbe%iarket rate ; the vendor remarking! thtftthe bearmdut requisite to make.tht corn a good sample, w?s merely to spread it out'ir the air a few days, andUhen to poss it through I smutting machine. \ ; 4 " Pass it through a smutting machine !" I quietlj ejaculated, . while my.jsycbrows were involuntarilv'. elevated with astonishment. " Maize requiring.y '. be treated like smutty wheat !" Ghost of Cpbbr i' s}mi nexÛJEo?^^ ^^^lr-ctiH^ slovenly management, pr rather rnismanagemçnt, W preparing it for market. ^ 4 \ \ v - ? Oh making a few further inquines, I learnt mat much of the new maize which has ^lately arrived in Sydney, from the Clarence Uiver, and perhapf'from other placèV too, has.been shipped too greer, and imperfectly\leaned ; consequently it has bested iii thc bags, and\thuVbeeome*artially damage^. AlthougHHJavé'>no furihep, perouniary interest in the corn moiketr^han^vlmt'I have heidie ? men- tioned, I feel a' warm utterest in the ?nfelfaro of farmers generally, and many of my old frfends on, the Clarence River particularly. I designto testify my interest, by thus kindly advising them to bestow a little more pains in preparing their grain for market.' I heartily congratulate them onUicirgood' matzo crops this season, and on the encouraging prospect they have bf remunerative prices'; but .am sorry toknow that some of them, in their iijudiciohs haste to rush their corn to market, have oiiutted td use that care in cleaning and dryiug it,!which:h necessary, in order to insure highest prices," 03 well as to sustain the reputation, which their distrfct has long had awarded to it, for sending the beat souples of corn to Sydney,. and for which honor; I have good reason to believe tile farmers on the Macleay River, are now successful competitors. Thtye; are very few persons «jo\re yidtjiware that pain-, maize especiaÜy-(^baggcS beare it ba tttortjughly, dry, is liable to heat, Ven though the bow tire ' merely ieft standing on theinerids m the barn] but! much more so when closely stowed for several days1 in a steamer's hold. I have considered for jj long; time, without arriving at a satisfactory conclusion, why men, possessing, even a. modicum of I com-: ; mon sense,, after- the labour^and carewMckhey ; havenecessarily bestowed upontheir crops,1before; they could gather them, should ns! the'; result of i their labour, by bagging and ship-,; ping their grain in an unfit state, and whoi it is' almost certahvto spoil onits .transit to;marke( My,' deliberate conviction is that it is positive foIW,'. ot. wilful waste ; indeed, I should not be surpristd,- if some persons were to mistake it for something even worse ¿ill. * . -. . , I ; PrayV) ay attention for a few minutes, fljends/' while Ä draw \n imaginary picture of Firmer Cobskm.vn httbaVn ttvtffie river bank, hurridlj sew- ing upVa|p or\^aKe,îu|_d\vliistling " Nelly Sly. '.', Ho knowstha**ieVorn 111 the bags is rafher\hrecn¡ and that it has beenXirapprfcctly cleaned, 'in hu dveirj haste to prepare it Ar shipment by the rie'xt'j-daj'a steamer ; still, ho nrçues to himself, as it is only la little lot, his agent will surely bo able to pan it oj,' especially as the domand is pretty; brisk just now. and the new maize only just conmg'.^ »-;JHe.-fearJ' -t»«, »l\«fc 4WpWMw TnttyJ'lliVfofi>'»*,lJ*o'nQyi; 'f,..,»JÍ¿ goes to,Sydney,,and.he pa¡«ua4c«.lu]niW.tt''at^r^ ?a'justifiable reason, for shipping this .little lot at ^ohce,,even although it is likely to get rather worm on the passage. - - ,-'.' ; Little does he think or know, about the trouble < and waste of words he will cause his agent, whoever he maybe ; away go the, bags out of tho barri,: branded"K.C.," (Kenneth Cobskin,)and now after-; wards they areán the Steamer's hold, on their way to Sydney, and ftvllfn ency jarrive there they ure steaminghot, iW cYurseL Striker Cobskin fancies; his responsibilities are at anRiaVBo far as that little lot is concerned, anduhat hcVtasliad trouble enough; with it ; so ho hopemllwawaits the return of tho' steamer, for returns from his agent. In duo course the account sales reach him, and in all probability the price realised, is far below the quotations in the Examiner price current.! Farmer Cobskin is most likely dissatisfied, and disposed to blame his agent for not getting the top market price for an un mavketable'article ; or he blames . the, steamer, or anything, or anybáay, but himself. , In tho meantime, perhaps, his agent (desirous of course to obtain as high a price as possible, for:his own credit's sake ; .for in these days of active com- petition,' amongst'commission agents as well as, every other branch of commerce, there is very,little' danger of .the farmer's interests being neglected), strains'his conscience to the very verge bf ; trickery, in order to get quit of the heated' corni amongst his regular, customers-the : dealers . He ' dare not positively deceive them, or they would not buy fron; him again ; and it ia aa necessary :for him ,to keef faith.': with them,' as .".' with his constituents, th$ farmers ; : but lie must get rid of the heated corn, for the longer lie keeps it the worse it . becomes, and his worry increases proportionately. " It only wants to be spread out in tho air, for a few days, and to be passed through a smutting machine, says the agent, who ia over anxious to make a sale. The dealer, thus addressed, demurs of course, and a good deal of time : is'.wasted, in argument and banter over the. bargain.,"' However, he is at length prevailed upon to purchase ^the. lot, at a ^educediprice (as in the case which I 'witnessed afewyl'aya ogq). But it ia probable' that some dealers haye not convenience, for spreading ¡ out a damaged lot in the air, arid few dèalèrs, I, imagine, keep a smutting .machino. ;" BO , what can. they honestly do^with their mouldy purchase, but re-sell nt reduced prices. Other- dealers who:may not' bo; over scrupulous, perhaps mix .such lots with, sound ¡ corn, or thoy may not hesitate to- sell-rit, hbtrànd; mouldy'as. it is, for sound corn,,.to; atv unwary customer ; and it is easy to imagino cases of serious : Idas and hardship,' which might- , accrue frdnit Juolí: ùi'rj dst proceedings. For example a' poor "drayman unwittingly purchasing a bag of mouldy corn, and' finding after he has got it iuto his, Btable, thatl lis' horse turned up. his, nose at it instead of eating. ij¡; his' instinct' warhineShim against on. attack of rte '; gripes. ; OrA,worse\ca3e Btill ; a enrrier going ip: the couritr^vitÁhisV;loatl|a tdam, and innocenljy taking domaged'eorntto feed, orVather to starve Ms horses upon. ' I mighVmulfaplyj^aaes '(td ùi/inittm, down, to the poor:prispncr half poisoned by mouldy ommaney ; but I' think I nave shewn enough to make Farmer Cohskirl reflect alittle, on thevcxation and downright mischief, his carelessness or cupidity might occasion, and if j while hois saying his prayers at the close of tho day, after reading the foregoing remarks, his conscience should remind him that ho lins not" done as he woulÄ wish to be done-by,'", and ho should, resolve henceforward, to bestow n little more hones^labour pn_lus corri, beforo hb' sends it to markeû Ifould bh jfery glad to know it ; and all the commisMonpgents. nnd oom dealers in Sydney,-would.doubtlessjbe very glad to know it too, to say nothing of thenoy and gladness of the poor cab horses, or the comjibrt of many old vale- tudinarian ladies and gentlemen, who liko myself, enjoy a little bit of clean porridge for breakfast. : I mighteasily enlarge this catalogue of incidentals, but will mérley add, what will more direotly com- mend itself to Farmer Cobskin's pecuniary interests, as well as his reputation. He may be sure that his brarid,.";K;C.," will bo remembered' infuturo, for Sydnoy dealers have good memorieain such matters, . and ho will certainly not be- rankeckitaongst tho most careful and honcat ol' thóS. Claríbco River farmers, to say the least; Buyers will look askanso at bags with his brand, in a dull dr oveiBtookod markot ; and although agents may exert tlieir ut- most iniluenoe and their recognised powers of per- suasion, tho dealers will not be likely to give an ex- treme price for a: doubtful artifcleYVAud shippers who have once unwarily bought "baljSf deaned, or heated grain, without re-bagging»uv»vill not bo likely to buy the; isame brand ogaiVwithout n closer Bcrutiny, involving much unnecessary labour . nrid waste Of timó; "? .. ' As I before remarked, the farmers on tho Clarence River were aforetime famous for sending the beat, and cleanest samples of corn to Sydney. I do not mean to imply, that as a class, they, have for- feited their fair fame-far from it-but that a few of them have recently been very negligent, in not sufficiently drying and cleaning their corn I am convinced ; and if they will take my disinterested advice, they will be more careful in future, for the sake of their own cash and consciences, os well os for tho credit of their important district. , If any person, (nothwithstanding my premises,) should be angry with mo, for volunteering my advice, and while so doing, alluding to a few un- palatable facts, I shall be very sorry j still the con- sciousness of my honest intention in doing so, will I trust comfort me, under any castigation-short of a thrashing - with which they may. visit my temerity. ANTUBOPOl'HAairlKEMllONZVEIirßXESB-' Sydney, March8th; 1804. 