TOWN TALK AND TABLE CHAT The Wcstbury Amateur Dramatic Club are to perform in the Prince of Wales' ihe.it re, Wcithnry, on Monday evoniiis next, in aid of the 15cnevolent Society. Hie entertainment will commenco with tlio beautiful nautical drama ' The Tnch capeBoll;' or, ' The Dumb Sailor Boy ' Interlude— Songs by Messrs Woudviile, Hamsley, and Kenworthy. The whole to conclude with the farce of ' Tho Spectre Bridegroom;' or, 'A Ghost in spite of himself. The very favorable impression \vliich this talented company of amateiira niado on their first appearance lost month will not ho easily eflaced from the minds of the peoplo of Wostbury and its vicinity We understand that many visitors from other districts and from Launceston will make a point of being prosent at the entertainment on Easter Monday even ing. Au amateur from Launcestou is to appear on that ocoasion. Mcssbs. Fiizgebald & Oo., Merchant Tailors, of Brisbane-street, Jwe reeeived by the Bombay,' matorinls for a snI^dM uuilonn for JJaiitomut-OWonol ff commanding Northern Volunteers aW me of the regulation pattern for a Lieut Colonel on the permanent staff, and con' «st of a very Jmndsomo coked Z~ decorated with gold lace and plun/e of white and crimson feathers; a ', ' with a brass scabbard and richly Wu',° S jKvord knot in gold and crimson, .,,,,$ be t and clasp richly embroidered will, gold, and a gorgeous gold lace pouch S with patent leather field glass case i, ^ of poach- and gold cord, lace, buC? olivets, aud other embellishments for i U suit of uniform. ''? Tire Items of Women- are bein-- Pr tended in Ireland. The Irish Court rf Queen'* Jtendi lias decided that w^ have a m;ht to vote for towu Jm,ni' sioul™. Tho Chief Justice staled that the 32nd section of tbo Towns Lm-^.f incnt Act elatrlj^ave the right tl, VOte to every person ot full age,' duly quanfie by property, without adding any j ;, ™™ indicate that 'persons' me£it „«$ Women thorelore, hud «, rirfit to vote under tlla Act Mr Justice O'llr L,i Ah Justice Hayes, iwd Mr jU:iikeV geriild concurred in this vlew of the kw and the latter stated that he must ,,«u' understood as denying that ladies were entitled to sit as town commissioners as wen as vote ior them. ' The first annual meeting of the A] Lance Buddie Society took plftce at tie Mechamcs1 institute, Melbourne ™ Ihursday the I7th instant. After the rccdpt 01 the subscriptions, some s C' were mU, 1 10 average price being f4 f; /.h° clcctl0» '« a committee re. suited hi the appointment of the follow ''S ffo»tlemcu r-Messrs U Cren, C V S*. lj«bert tYoolcott, Tanked Walsh, and Q. Lynch. The report Jhowi a balance of £3m Ms lid, $X £ divided amongst 1583 shares give a profit one years subscription (£«), the value of each share is shown to be .*8 2s Cd Inn Memiouunb correspondent of the Balliiarat Star 13 responsible for the f, I owmg :- ' The reputed riches of Wood's Point are attracting buyers from S bonus colonies of qnitc .,„ 0^,^ character to the usual speculators „ mining scrip. If what I have heard is true and I have no reason to doubt it, -I lieiRhbormg viceregal potentate l,,s found 8.iffle,ent time from his duties eve, whilst carrying on au active war, to tw ins attention to our last dnvoln. „.„,?.. ininenii wealth, Wld has instated , gentlcmim oi high official standing, w]10' has had prev ..„, Marions wi'jl h0 co ony over which his Excellency «OTv rules, to invent something like thirty or for y thousand pounds in this colon' and more especially «t Wood's Point id winch place, curiously enough, the fjur vcyor-Cicncral of this -v-7/sn,, h™ . ? JL_ made an official visit. The first invc-t- ne.it is to be, if the price daw not stami in the way, the purchase of Scott and Hurley's valuable claim nnd crusl £ machinery, and I believe I am corn Tl if I st-itin? that a well-known Wood's Pok 1 1 man has already gone up to fad the Z I I may add to this that our own Gov,S| A? fioldfields and is inclined to invest M.. mug spceuIaUou is fast becomiir lasluouable and aristocratic.' ' ('IE Da-ylskfoud .Meepuhy gives the folowiii, induce of the fertilify of 0 so'j '« BjyWoni and its neighborhood Z...Mf,-1?be!t0!1. ot' Olenlyon, has this L 1 ' 7 , eu ,tlle enormous quaiititv of h4J bushels of oats, the produce of a paddock ,,f 14 aere iv] t, satisfactory yield of over 0° bushels u» thu ncrc-.Wibs to the bushel. It may be Jtitcd that the field was entire 'fe t2&XTiWei;°*ta ****»*---» . We are glad to uotice that tha R,..,,,,._ type, a late, and emphatirally the m.rt important improvement upon the oniin^ ihotograph vet introducer), has now been brought under the immediate olwervatiun of the mhabitauts of Launcestou. Mr I Williamson, photographer, of Brisbane! street has purchased the secret, and I secured the right, (from the inventor J ami lie is now picpared to execute the-e beautiful inctnres of any size required. Ue are not, we need scarcely say, in ,,ll3 sassionof the arcana of the process, but we understand that after the photojjmi.li of the face, bust, half, or whole length, us tho case may be, has been taken ni the ordinnry way, and properly tinted to re present the varying hues of the complex ion, it is subjected to a chemical nr, eds Avhich not on y fixes the colours, ui iin parBit.. the picture at large t'nc appeai nory,-and infuses mto it not only a extmordinary nic]lOWHess ,,f t-m{ butarehetwhicli can only be arlificially produced by the use of t]le stereoscope. )i, lact, all the advantages of .1 fijt-rato miniature on ivory, combined with the bv S lisi aCCUr;lC-; 'f tUe V'uotograpl Z ni til Tf ???' Jtahled- The portraits aie really hfe-hke, and treated as a first! enss work of art, as they deserve to bl estimated. While speaking of this ncv| process we must not forget to mentioJ Vi i-i Williamson executes every other kind of photograph at his establish ment, winch he has fitted up with suitalik waiting and reception rooms, togethci wild a glass house built expressly for photographic purposes. Messrs. Adams am. Stedhiho-s grea Circus Company arc to arrive in time t( perlorin on the circus ei(c, opposite tin Court House Hotel, on Monday evening next, and during the week, after whicl they will proceed direct to Melbourne Mnilame Houriqoes, Mr. & Mrs. Adam Mr. Wallace, nnd all the old favorite per lormci-E are still an»nffst this talented coi^ pany. —3P= Sstewaut's gold prospecting nff.rtr, tli renmant ol that organized by MrEdu- ards returned iroin Fi,,gil] iBst Weck ,vitJl 4; ounces of gold, and they had sold a snwl quantity lor rations during their Htm there. Strange to say, they could not finl a purchaser in Lauaccston for lliil small parcel of Tasnianian gold, and it lml been sent to Hobart Town. The Manal gcrs ot Banks and merchants considered i too small a quautity for tbcm to purchase and some other persons in business mad the opposite objection, that it was too brg a parcel for them and they could not t\m the cash for it. Captain Woods offered t( take it to Melbourne and wll it there, bu it has been sent down on offer to Mr Uai clay of Hobart Ton-n. The noxt monthly meeting of the to minating building and investment sneiot; will be held i« the Temperance Hnll.ol I'nday evening next, when those wlioiJ todtotajtc shares in this valuable s| efcty will have the opportunity of doing so The mimthly payments of shore' holders wiU be due and payable nt tlw ''Theftcnm-sliip City of Launceston, left the wharf at half-past twelve o'cIogU on Thursday, with eighty-four passengers on board ; and thirty more who could not obtain passes, have been booked for next trip, although the ' City' cannot be readv to leave this befo-e Saturday next, as she will not arrive here until Thursday. The steamer ' Havilah' will ainve here on Saturday, the 2nd proximo, and leave again for Melbourne, on Wednesday, the WIf the steamship 'Gothenburg' had returned here according to engagement, __to load up forOtago and proceed via Melbounw, as per advertisement, her owners would have found that mute as ?nrolitable as to break faith with the pub lic in order to secure, what they coii eid'ered a better freight to Adelaide It H unreasonable to supposo that the lust flying trip to this or any other port will Drove remunerative ; but if the ' UotluMi bur*' had remained ou the line between this and Otago, she would have been well patronized. The schooner Alma was placed on Mr. Heiy's dry dock at two o'clock yesterday mormuir. to bo scraped and re-painted. Mr .Holy's tariff of charges being very moderate, will no doubt attract the notice of shipmasters, owners, and agents, and tend to revive a once prosperous trade at A schooner supposed to be the Gcorgina Smith returned from Port Albert, was in sight from the Tamar Heads at 3 o clock yesterday. His Excellency the Governor lias been pleased to direct that the Public Offices shall be closed to-day and also on fluster Monday. Yesterday being Good Friday was strictly observed as a holiday in Launceston. A large number of the inhabitants, as usual, left town for re creation in the country. The morning was dull and threatened rain, but the deuse clouds rolled off, and the day became fine up to near three o'clock, when some rain fell, during which a roll or two of thunder was heard. Though cloudy the evening was fine. The Police Magistrate attended at the Police Office as usual yesterday morning;, but there was not a single case for trial. The watchhouse charge-sheet was perfectly dean. The barn nf Mr. Charles Pariah of Grccnhyth?, Whirpool Reach, East Ta mar, took fire between 10 and Ho clock on Wednesday night, and was burnt to tlie ground with its contents, 200 bushels ofwheatintho chaff,— having just been thrashed. Mr. Parish was not at home at the time, but James Cordell and other persons exerted themselves in preventing the flames extending. We regret to say that Mr. Parish's property was uninsured aud that he and his large family of nine children, by this calamity are utterly ruined, his wheat being his only means of support, for the coming winter. Wo arc requested by Mr. Charles White foorJ to state with reference to the acci dent which ocenrred to himself and Miss Whitefoord, 'that the horse did not stumble, but that the accident resulted entirely from improper wood having been used for the shafts of the vehicle, which snapped in two on perfectly level ground, and from no cause save their own rotten ness.' 