THE ABORIGINES OF AUSTBALIA, {jOçntiwatiçn of th» fíe*, N% MU^fKflfifm.f^ Til. Ipa religion ol tb* aborigine! io »IT 'parts ofj Aus tnlfa inelodea a belief io aorpery, and a dr«d of rr oro e rona demons, aplrits of iba wcod, of tbp river, of 'thi aaooouin and tba pool. Some bf tbese ara tbe spirits o dead men, I onoa met a party of thirty or forty men ant . -..women who were traversing the epcnrry along tbe Ber wan, aa strolling plavaotots, performing a pantomime fi , the présenos of every camp of tbeir countrymen witn tbc ^ avowed design of driving away the ghostB of dead men, Ail night long the oboir continued to Sing these words:' , " Tara Uiari nge, yura thari agna, , Xtola ranga, data ranga, jnru ihari ngo." In tbe morning having marked tbeir bodies with earth of Tarions colours, yellow and b'nisb gray, Ibey ' went \- / tbrongb a mimic fl.ht with unseen foes, beating the air witta branches and rothing about in a frantic m.oner. \- Alter alternately marohing, daooiop, and oharging to the aeond of mUBia, thiy declared that the ghosts were all ? 'gone, and would trouble tbe inhabitants of the plaee no more. Tbs general name for ghost or spirit is " wand*." And this name they give to whits men, probably from the impression which has spread among them that white people are b'aekfellowa risen from the dead. The chief of all tba wandas, the arob demon, is said to appear al their toro», or publia meetings, in the form oí* a serpent. And there are figures of serpente eat on tbe trees in some places, to wbiob, they pay religions homage. - Bat Borne tribes, at ail events, bave a tradition wbiob -aieribeB creation-to One-Baing,-Tba -Namoi, and) Bair. was tribes say that " Bali mt", made all tblngB. { Tbe »ame name ia OBed io tie Wellington district for the Creator, end with alight variations in sound, aa Balaree or Paiome, ia known over a latge portion of New Sooth ' l' VWilep. M'. . Taplin, supèeinténdênt of , tbe IIliaion at Point Macleay,, in Sooth Aue. tri Ha, states that the aborigines ' there believe . . -io ai Supreme Baing, whom they oall " Nurondee." The blaoke about Moreton Bay regard V Mumbel" as a being of supernatural power in tba heavens ; bat I ooald sot asaertain while among them whether they asetibe creation to bim. Mumbai signifies thunder, and; they ascribe personal existence . to the object ions named. \- .?' Borne tribes; especially along tbe coast, seem (o'have *- .. Jost tho tradition concerning One Sopreme Creator; . ,. - but in all the country the belief in numeróos demons, \- cr spirits, prevailp, and as to tbe ascription oí erealion to . 4 . Xaiatne by the inbabitanta of tbe western and north. .- ' western parts of N«w South Wales, there is abondant evidence. The mistioaaiies of Wellington Vale long «lace discovered the prevalence of this tradition, and toy own personal conversation with many aborigines, \- -wno - avow ~ this belief,- enables mt to state it with ocr i " -. tainty. On the Namoi they told me that Baiame is never seen, bat thander is bia voice. ; Here, then, is a remnant of the troth as first revealed to man-Ona , invi- sible God wbo. made all IbingE-and thunder regarded as the voloo of the Lord. Oooe, however, an old blackfellow of a wasted tribe on the Hooter River _ . told me that Bihme never esme to them »ow, because the blackfellows ot the district were almost all dead. He . gave me to understand that, when a multitude UBed to invoke the presence qi Baiame be came into the midst of them. I know of no evidenae that they asarlbe fatherly \- providence, supreme wisdom, or justioe lo Balline, faith in soroerers, Krodgis, or Curndgis, aa\ they are called, prevails throughout Australia. . These men pre- tend to cure diseases or to inflict them, to exoroise ¿vii \- - spirits, end do o'ber marvellous works. They have even ' anceeeded io persuading the younger members of their tribeB that they are able, by tbeir incantations, to trans- form themselves into kangaroos or pigeons, ,-.The in flaenoe acquired by their delusionB ls often most, deB potiatlly exeroisod. The Krodgis sometimes' prêvent young aboiiginea. from going among tbe white people ; and retain even over some who live and work at the squatters' étalions so strong a bold that they dare net absent themselves from the periodio<l meetings at wbioh .- their national rites are observed. In connection with their religions belief are the"rites' observed:on Important occasions. Tho admission of young men tu' the privi ltgeB of manhood, including the use of the best hinds of food and power to take a wife, is an affair of mach cere- mony. At stated intervals, varying from'two to three or rive years, hundreds of them meet together, and tribes wbiob ot other timos are at deadly enmity unite for tbe ncraiion in apparently cordial amity ; and tbe candidates for admission to the dignity of manhood, having flrBt been kept for days in fasting ind eeolasion, are brought into the charmed oirole of tbe Bore, and undergo the process wbiob entitles them to take rank with their elders. In many plaooB the knooking out of a trott tooth by. one ol the Krodgis ia an essential part Of the ceremony. Other far more revolting exactions are in' some districts imposed on tbe-candidates. All females and étrangers are rigorously excluded from these Bretelles. Somo observances of thia people singularly oolooide with those of tbs Mosaio law. Dr. Leicbhirdt mentions tribes in the north-east who preo'Jscd ciioomolsslpo ; and on the Barwen roles ara observed in reference ^to females in accordance with those recorded InInvitions Xii. and.xv. obapteis. These facts teem to point to some , communication between the Marri and some branch of the sons of Abraham.' Aod'remembering bow \- far tba descendants cf-Ishmael have made their inila-' moe felt, through Mahometan propagandists], not to, apeak of the wide eoattering.of'-the seed; of Jaoob, it is not improbable that the observances io question now found in Australia were derived originally, from snob a ? awn roe, ? '-. >' . ' ? *.' ' .' . ?.yarlous ousloms' prevail aB~tO the "disposai of the 'dead. Along the coast, northward, they have a alognlar way of showing their respect end ailee -tion towards departed relatives and friends/ They ont long atrlpB or rib-ndB of their sklnB, sod eerry these wldb. " them as lc ng SB they can ; sad part of their* flssh they eat, not byway of a feast, batas s' rellgiaos duty. Cannibalism, or the killing and eating of human beings, ia not en Australian ouatom; It is only losóme tribes, and on exceptional ooooslonp, that snoh a crime has bern _. _ Jtnown to ba. oommitled by.them. .. lt ia reported that on the ripening of the Queensland bunya bunya fruit-a '. ¡ pine oone much resembling a bunob of ohèsnuts in form " and laste-a yoong aboriginal is commonly, billed snd eaten« The bunya-bunya growB only in a'limited distriotof mountain ranges, and ripens only.onoe in some four years, When tbe season comee, blaoka from many . jfistent localities flook to tba ploop, to feast on thia great lnxory. Toei ttlbee.r inhabiting .the, banya-: bury a country, while they allow their vititors to take freely orthe fruit, will not suffer them to kill anj of the anímala there. Tbe slrangerr Bnbfflll to this law; and after living for " several weeks on vegetable BU balances alone, feil an Irre- sistible craving for animal food ; ? end "rather than break the law end provoke the enml'y of tho inhabitants . of the place, they ere skid to kill e youth of their own company and devour bis or ber'fleshi This is reported and. believed among the Queensland settlers. 'Horrible as it .is, if true, thlB is an exceptional oise for which a partial necessity ib some measure aeoonnts. The tribes wbo«at a small portion of the flsBb of their deoeased friends preserve the remainder, making a platform of , Barkoo poles from four to six feel high, on which the body ia laid and covered with leaves or grass. In aome places Aros aro lighted ander the bodies to smoke and \- preserve them. When the flesh Is gone, the bones are laid up in baskets, and suspended on branobeB of treeB. In the interior, at leiBt in the north western partB of this'colony, avery different mode of treating tbe dead, ls observed. They are buried ia - tba ground, amid load lamentations, and exaot traditional forms.' Mounds are raised over the dead, and are kept for years with grea,t care, I have seen tome of their drooler tumuli,' near the' Barwen, whioh bore evidence of their having been visited by the band , ol affection. ; The eirele of a<ickB which Bnrronnded them, the branches leiden the flit top, and the smooth; sloping BÍdeB¡bad been renewed from time to time, as often as the foot ef beast or the wind hid disordered them. Some of theil cemeteries are In shady groves ;,and European travellers have been amazed to discover, in tbs midst of a tangled, scran,, a spot sacred to tho sleep of the dead, arranged with the reitness cf a garden, having smooth beann paths winding between the mounds, ' The solemnity end beauty of snoh sacred ' Bpots may ' ba dlBoerne.d in two engravings published in air Thomas Mi tee ell's narrative \- -of bis explorations io the north-west. .One is' In tho midst of a grove ; the other is the ', top of a"bald; bill, _ commending a view ol à wide forest'plain.' Thereses on aPiegah overlooking the wide region they, hoped to .-_behold once more at the Be'snrre'ctlon, are three'circular ... ~ mound p, "whioh mark Ibo "sleeping places of "tho dead. ' 8arelj-, the people -, 'that ' -. selected snoh beautiful and -solemn' restiDg places ¡ for . their departed friends, 'and " 'oheriBÜ i their . - ? memory by unfailing attention lo the, mounds , that 'mark their long home, sre not a. mendiées or bratiah 1 race. .. : There was poetry In' the sonia of those who obese these scenes to bo their cemeteries; there is true human feel lng in , the heatts of those wbo revisit and repair jtbese »: . : saoredmementos. . i v - ",: - j IV. The languages of Australia sro tho, next topic. Tbe»e»re multitudinous and elabórate. . As tho- rapidly advancing solenoe of philology enlarges ita survey, "tnt. ' Australian tongues will be fouud to furnish matter worthy of the study of the profoundest philologists.' 1 shall a'tempt no more, at present than to'atate a foe \- facts illustrative ol the peculiarities of this family ol languages. .Thees langaages are , very numerous j witnin tue oonparattvely email clronlt of my Journey* between Moreton Bay, the Balonne Biter, Fort Bourke,, and tbe Peel, I met «iib t went j.Ave, Though; they «rt Malted by resemblances, which elesrly prove (beim tp be »ll derived, frem one aouroe, they en »0"' diverse in ' tbeir voeabolarles that tbe» «moot . be : called dislalia mere:y. Tba difference! jbetweeo them are not like t boee bet «pan tba ¿fálcate ol Attica and Lsoopia,-or between those ot Yorkehlra and Middlesex, abades of prñnonnelatlon with a lew peculiar local wordsi On tbe con'rarj tbe words in wbiob identity can be traced, in two or more Australian Un \- g a ages, ara tbe- axceptionp,-not tbe rule. Some lan. gasges are limited to an area ol some thirty or fifty miles eqaare. It is rare to find tbe sams language spoken on two parallel tributaries of tbe Dirlirg or "the Morrey. A few languages'seem to" bave a muon wider ase, - Tbe following are the. names of. some languages spoken in tbe interior, from 900 lo 400 miles weitward from tbeeoast, and bel ween the Slit and 361b..3egrees of south latitude :-(1) Gamilaroi, (3; Wolaroi, (S) , Wiratarof, (A) Wail won. (0) Kogel or Kogurre, (0 J Fiknm. bul, (7) Paiamba, (8) Ktngki, (.The vowels are used hare, and throughout this leoture aa in Frensb.) -Tba' first five ot these languages are named after their negatives, In the first " kamil * signifies no; in the second -' wol' is no ; in tbe third wira " ia no ; in tbs fourth " wail " is no; in the filth "ko" ls no. , In Pikumbul, on the, other bane,,!' pika \'. means yes; so that the Australian Murri in thia instance named their language on tbe Barns principle on wbiob the French acted tn distin- guishing the dialects ofjfranoe, BB .? Lingua d' oe" and " Lingua d' oui." Along tba coast, . from i Moreton Bay to Wide. Bay, these three languages, among " otherr; are. .f poker-rTcrrubul, Minganinga, and Dippil. Of these Kamilaroi ia most widely spoken, and is'evidently to some extentunderatood by aborigines .speaking far , different languages, r. Kimilaroi la spoken all down the Namoi, along (be . Barwen from tba Mooni to the junction of tba Namoi, on tbe r Bundarra north ward and tbs Liverpool Plaina and the Upper Honter southward, It is understood on th5 Balonne;: and even -natives-of the country to the-eouita -of Sydney- and ot Port Curtis lave; recognised,' Kimilaroi BB a familiar tongue. . * To show that the differences between tbe languages ere not mere variations of pronunciation, tbe word for water ie at Newcastle "iokoinj'V at tba bead of the Hooter Biver. (whioh rona into the sea at Newoaa'le) it ia "solle;" at Moreton Bay it is " tabbil;" and at Wide Bay "hong." F .re at Newoastle ls » koiyong :*. at tbs head of the Hunter and a l over the Eimilaroi country it is " wi ;" and at Moreton Bay ills "kudum", Tbe numerals one, two, tbree, f apply a «triking illustration of the diversity, and .still remaining unity ol tbs lan- ga igep. Most tribes baye bat three' numi rals; some nave lour. And though the words for one , end for tbree in different parte of the country are as diversa ai may be, those, for two are nearly tbs same, , Thus al "Newoastle tbe., numbers are (1) wahol, (3) boloara, (') ngoro; in Eimilaroi they are (1) mal, (3) bnlatr, (3} galiba; at Moreton Bay, (1) knnoar, i 2) budelar,.l3) muddan; and at Portland Bay, in the extreme weet of Vio orie, while tbe words for one' and tbree are different from any of the above, two ia " bufirr."- The Sydney tribe, now extioot,. also used " balar", aa the word for two. So that in 'going along the eastern end Beninern.'ooo'sta' for twelve hundred miles, we find two always represented £y bular, or some Blight variation oftbat word,: while: the words for one and for three differ in every tribe. Among tbe words which era found north, eaat.-soutb, and weet ate the pronouns of the first and. eeoond person.' ' 'The' words for "he" and " abe1; differ BB mnoh BB those fur one and three. Bat the words for " I" and'' thoh"\1 we"and "'you,'*are the »ame in sobatanoe 'all ever AuBtiatia, " I" at Newaaitle is ngalos ; in -K>mlarri, ngaia ;, along the ooaat from Moleton Bij to Wide Bay, ngal, ai, n'gntta, or ngatti;' In Sooth 'Australis,, ngaii, in South. Western Australia, ingadjo. In these several, places y " we'', is 'ngeen, ngeane, ngadln., , cganeel, In the , several places " thoa" is ngintoa, vigiada, nginto,_ or nlnte, and nginnei, or ninnvi " Ht." ia bountoa atT Newcastle, ,ngerma. in Kamilaroi; and unda )or,;wunn»l in Qaeeneland. The' pronouns have a dual form. The first p;raon (in E-milarol) .ia, 'ngaia' (I) ngonna (me), ngallo (we 3)' thoa and I); ngnllina (wé 3, he and I;,1 ngeane (we ) ;-. . While the vocables differ widely, the grammatical structure of the Australian languages marks their uni ly most fully. ' They ere all pharaoleriBed like the Gannan by great facility , in "forming derivations and compounds. Nouns, Bdjeotiv'pb, and pronouns a'rB by affixes lamed, into verb», " Mil" the eye, in kamilaroi is made a.verb, thus Mrjallmil," to'see. From " audi" who, comes M andama" say who, '* Maga," blind or stupid, with ," biens," the ear, mikes " mngablnna" deaf. The moot, remarkable feature in the Auatislian languages is oom. mon to them all; it ia tbe elastic power of modification In the verbs. Going eastward from Britain we find this feature, in -languages constantly i-creasing. Tbe Greek basia middle voice in addition to the active and .passive. The 'Hebrew ¡has also intensive, oauta'.ive, end tifleotive views. The' Australian languages have, besideB these, -permissive end reciprocal volóse. The Bety L. E. Threlkeld,.in bis grammar of the dialect spoken on the Lower Hunter, enumerated 15 modifications or VOIÔBB of the, verb':-(1) active trinal. tive, (3) activai intiaORitive, (3) reciprocal, (4) oontinna tlve, (0) permissive, (0) causative'.by personal agency, (7) causativo by instrumental sgenoy, (8) effeotive, (0) neater, (10) double or increasing, (ll) privative, (13) imminent, (13)' inceptive, (14) iterative,' (15) (pontt neons." In Kamilaroi the efnx.mulle signifies, to oaose' to do ; ..bille , signifies to allow.to do. Tbös, "Nglnda ngnnna ngummilmnlle,'/,ia " yon ne make-to-see,", i e., "show"me.". "Kamil Terri n'gunna bumanallle," is "not Harry me Kill-allow-to-be-beaten,'* t i , Harry Is my (Mend and protector, '.''.'. . . Io the tenses one inflexion sianlfleB ' a little psBt, another niera to yostsrday, another to a distent paBt ; BO ot tbs future." Ooalngsin," means et oki (to-day); "goal« mein," spoke yesterday; «' goallen," spoke long : ago; ," goalcgari,"Will speak to-morrow; '..goalie," will speak' ' at some ' (atare ? time.'-, ' The three foroQB of thé imperative mood in Kamilaroi are rc matkably obaraoteriBtio of the people. The oommon im- perative ends in -a ; -we{wilh a strong emphasis) added to this makes lt very emphatio; -mia added to the root forms an irohioal imperative, meaning do it if yon dare, or if yon ean. Tbns 'goalla" means speak I "gosllawa" (prolonging,the last syllable aooordlng to the degree of earnestness with which the command or entreaty ia ottered) ' ineána'" speak ! di I'll make you," . speak I or' joa'ro a dead man," eel." " Goaltnia" signifies "speak if yon can--if yon darp, éto.1' When I went np lo a camp of bli oks" tú whom I WOB s stranger, and began to speak 'io Kamilaroi ae well aal contd, one of them barst oat laughing and said "lads Kamilaroi goalmia I" (bat 1B "YOU speak Kamilaroi,-if you can 1" of course -intimating his opinion- that I was a poor BOholar in his language. " Inda ngunna bumalmia" you 'beat me, * if you-dare I TBUB tho irony whiob all who have been among them know to be Intensely.-developed in the Mvrrl mind, bas embodied itself in a mood of every verb in their language. Tbe aborigines are'very exaot in tho use of their numeróos inflexions. :'And lbj marvellous, flexibility and precision of their7l»nguBBe, ol which the above.ore a few Bpeolmene, constitute thb'Beoohd notable relio ol antiquity 'which they- have preserved imid their decay. A Isngasge capable of expressing by inflexion minute shades ot; thought must have been tbe obann°l ol oom mooloation between minda endowed with considerable aenmen and power of generalisation; - To illustrate the power ol'expression in the, Dippll and Kamilaroi; here are illustrations. The first is a dialogue between two brothers io Dippil. (N B.-The vowelB are pronounced as in Fr'enob.) First Bandar sollie quises : '" Kawundao ngnnangai yemar jemar kurranlmaraiB, Und »ru nalia warang alert. Unda wanna, buna bamgai, ngutu and» bunoeyemsgo." (Kawnndow bas stolen, my, axe,; He has a lb ad heart to me. When L he ; comes baok,.¡I . will Boold him.) "Kawondao, ngunnngal yemaryemar minyala iota dummoir,?' , (Kawnndow, why did you take my axe?) " Ngal benong gir " (I didn't take il). "Into thurra; yal ylpalim* (Yondid; you lie).. "Gilkonwort Gllkonwot I* (Greyheid I grejhead I) With savage'na*nrea the hoary hr al ÍB a reproach, and not a crown of glory, even when found in the'way of rlgbteoasnesp. ; ¡ Ktwundow oontinuesi ."Iota min j ala ngaaaa yummam?" (Why, do you! blow me up ?) 11 Biddi biddi wander" (You're light fingered). "Ngu'ti na dalli bai-lgo" (I'll ooma and beat you). " Pulya palya bakal" (bindy legs) I " Dangan dangan daoet" (yoEr fat paunoh reaobes down to the ground). "Gobo I ngutta nginna dukkira kaowDgo"(Stop a bit 11 will cat yon with my kaile),:. Bat bere the father of tbe two disputant» comes io, and addressing Bandar, isajs: "Nan birwathang wanna beigioye; yullnnai, bunin bit barri" (Yon elder brother don't beat your younger brother; don't toooh him j don't be stupii). Bundar re- plies: "Ngutta karomina ar», ba ginara" (I would have beaten bim before now il bo were a stranger),! On which Kawnndow remarks : " Ngln ba tanka bu ty »bli; ngia dara kurll nge inda yemainf" (Don't yon bave so muob to say ; are you old that you Bay BO ranon f) ! And thas the interview ends, r , ... ? ' Tbe nrxt.example is. s 'mfssIonarjM namtipn la Ki'mllarol of "the visit of Jesnato tho boase of Jairas : "NgariigodaH'elwir, hair Yaalra. Nernga muí mledal, marraba'mledal "r (Once aporto lime there W»B a' man named Jaelrus; he bad one-Utile girl, she'was a' oles tittle girl). " Mledal wibi! ginre; ngamba bofjoi wane; Jiamil mledal marra glare.] marri gin j e wlbil, ngalll mam balan!" (The little girl fell slob'} ber mother gave her1 boljol-a- me Heal herb j the little girl did not get well ; abe grew mach worse, and was elmoat dead.) . " Baba Tinsel Immanuel ngummiliego. Glr njumml: goe ¡ leda bars! taiyennnga »gil koodlgo, marra nimblldl ogei toledo), Ngai miednl wibi) boral wibil ogallimao bolaoi, Inda barai lafraonoga ngai kündig», marra glmbildi cg»l miednl." (Tba falber «rent to iee Immanael, Trnly be ea» bimi be «aid-Tboa rjaiekly come (o my boase, make well my little girl. Mr little girl la sick, very slob, almost dead. Tbon qaiekly come to ray boase, well make my little girl.) "Immanuel goe : ngalla yanoii kandigo, lu . yanac! balarr kandigo." (Immannel tafd, let UB two go to tbe banae. Then went they both, to the boase.) . " Ngamba dari, yo^iUon», goa Ngiil Ngiil ngai miednl balani I Barnie inar_ hanango . jngillona, goa :-ngiil cgiil miednl balani." (The.mctber Eime oat, weeping, she said Alas 1 alas I my little girl is deaJ I Many women were .ll weeping, they said ; ala» 1 alas I the little girl is dead.) "Immanael goo Karris yanga; kamil miedo balan), yeal,' babilion»" (Immannel said come to weep; tbe little girl ia not dead; ebe is only eleapinr.) '.Baralaba gindemi;ngarmagir balundai winnngi; Im. msnael murra kawane miednl ; goe miednl waria,: Ila miednl moron'gioye, warina, garre goa! don e." (They .ll laughed ; . they knew well she w»s dead. Immannel took by the band-tbe -little-girl -and said, Little, girl arlee. iTben the little girl besame aliv, arose, spoke words.) " Ngamba, hnba ellibn, baral gaiye. Immannel gos; doadi waria." (Tbs, mother, the father alao,!were very glad. Immannel said, Give ber soma food.) . i .... . ' (To;i« continued.)....:., : 