SHIPPING. ARRIVED.-February 1. Leonidas, schooner, 111 tons, John Carr, from Geelong for Lyttelton. Put in through stress of weather. Passengers-Mr. and Mrs. Fraser and four children. Agent Master. r COASTERS INWARDS February 1. Huon Chief, Huon, timber ; River Chief, Huon, timber; Esperanza Packet, Port Esperance \- timber. ENTERED OUT. February 1. Harriett Nathan, barque, lit tons. Lloyd, for Melbourne. CLEARED OUT February 4. I \- Alarm, brig, 196 tons, Mitchell for Sydney. SAILED.-February 1. i Crishna, barque, for Lyttelton. i .. Alarm, brig, for Sydney. IMPORTS February 1. | Harriett Nathan from Melbourne, 4 csks empty jars, 1 case order. EXPORTS -February 1. Alarm for Sydney, 5000 palings, 2000 feet battens, 20 tons bark, C css jam, ii csks pot k, CO oars, McPherson & Co. ; 42 css jam, Knight & Co. ; 66 css jam, 4 css jam, 73 css fruit, 2 kegs jam, 2 sacks seeds, Cresswell. TBr ELECTRIC TKLnaiiAPir.J ' MOUNT NELSON. February 1. 8.30 O.W. Wind, N., light; fine. Bar., 3020; Ther., 50; Ozone, 7. ~ FORTESCUE BAY. February 1. . . 8.30 head-wind, S.W., light ; hazy. Bar., 29 95 ; Ther" 69 Ozone, 5. PORT ARTHUR. ARRIVED. 8.30 a.m. Louisa, brig, and a topsail schooner put in the bay through stress of weather. LOW HEADS. February 1. 8.30 a.m. Wind, S.E., light; hazy. Bar., 3000; Ther., 68. ARRIVED. 636 pm. - Georgina Smith, schooner, from Corner Inlet. SHIP MAILS. SHIP MAILS will be closed at Hobart Town as under : Melbourne, City of Launceston, via L mnceston, this day at 5 p.m. S. T. HARDINGE, Postmaster. . P.S. Mails for Sydney, New Zealand. Queensland, Twofold Bay, Adelaide, and Swan River, are made up at this office and forwarded, via Melbourne, by every Steam Vessel departing from Hobart Town or Launceston. In our yesterday's issue appeared a paragraph in reference to a schooner having put into Spring Bay in a leaky condition, on the 21st ult. From the information which we received, and, by a reference to our Melbourne files, we imagined it might probably be the Scillonian for D modín. The schooner, however, arrived here during last night and anchored off Sandy Bay Point. She proves to be the Leonidas, commanded by Captain Carr, formerly of the ill- fated Creole, by whom we have been favored with the following report: -"The schooner Leonidas left Port Philip Heads on the 18th ult., bound to Dunedin with full cargo of oat?! and timber and several passengers. On the 20th ult., passed through 13 inks' Straits, the wind being W N.W. strong. At 7 p.m. it increased consider My with a very high sea running, when we found the vessel making more water than usual, and at half-past seven a leak was sprung between the stern post and the rudder trunk. At eight o'clock we pumped her out dry, lindon sounding the pumps again in an hour we found her making ten inches of water. We at once reduced sail and hauled the ship on a wind on the starboard tack, being then 35 miles east of Eddystone Point. We determined then to put in to Spring Bay, OH it was imprudent to remain at sea with the vessel in a. leaky condition. On Thursday the 22nd ult. we arrived there, intending if a shipwright was to be procured to unship the rudder and repair the leak; but no carpenter could be found, and the woodlocks being in the lower gudgeon I deemed it prudent to proceed to Hobart Town. On Sunday 24th ult. got under way at 3 and" the wind being N.W. strong. It gradually veered however to W. and W.S.W., and I got as far as twenty miles southward of the Pillar, but was again forced to the northward, the wind veering no further to the southward than to S.W. and the sea running very high. I made another attempt on Monday, but could not get round. On Friday night, however, I got round, the wind being strong W.N.W,, and a confused sea. I then succeeded in getting into Trarontf<ÄBWiuii£'lfiif as sundowners weather \- moderated, and I made the harbor at midnight. I am grateful to Captain Hopwood, of the Kingston, who lay in Spring Bay, and who rendered me all the assistance in his power. "(Signed) JOHN CARR, Master, L L " Schooner Leonidas." Besides the damage referred told the above report, the schooner seems to have suffered considerably in her rigging. Her main topmast is down, and she is otherwise in a dismantled condition. She will go on the slip for repair in the course of the week. A boat race came off at Peppermint Bay on Saturday, for 100 a-side and a dinner, between a crew of youths, resident in this bay, and a crew of Oyster Cove men, in the boats Victoria and Sheelah). The course was from Peppermint Bay, round a boat moored off the upper point of Oyster Cove, down the river to the first beacon, and back to the place of starting ; distance, about 14 miles. The Peppermint Bay boat (Victoria) gallantly led oiF it starting, and increased her distance at every stroke, until about halfway down, when the Oyster , ZjQVO boat, being a long way astern, gave up, and polled in shore, and the Victoria, continuing her course came in victorious. amidst the acclamations of all assembled on the ground. After the race, the two crews adjourned to Mr. Byron's, Pepper pint Bay Hotel, to do justice to the good things provided for then entertainment, and the day closed pleasantly and harmoniously. The crews were as follows: Victoria, Peppermint Bay: coxswain, Cornelius Norris, crew, J. Pile, B, Wells, T. Roley, and M. D. Potter. Suelclah, Oyster Cove ; coxswain, Wk Ryan, crew, B. Spurr, C. Pitstock, J. Howitt, J. Warrens, The schooner Macquarie was yesterday towed (got to Kangaroo Point to load stone for Melbourne. The<#rgo of sugar ex Elizabeth Ann, is to be discharged here, and will likely he placed in the market. The brig was berthed yesterday at the New Wharf and will commence discharging early to-day. The barque Southern Cross was yesterday re- launched from Ross's slip, where she has been undergoing repairs, and towed round to the Wharf by the Twins steamer. "I The schooner Annie was brought round from the slipyeaterday morning and berthed in the Constitution Dock, to load storm for the Commissariat Department of New Zealand. -The brig Elizabeth Ann berthed at the New Wharf yesterday forenoon. The barque Crishna was rowed down the river in noon yesterday, and anchored off' Sandy Bay Point. She sailed in the course of the evening. The brig Alarm left the Wharf yesterday fore noon, and sailed for Sydney in the course of the evening. The brigantine Picard entered outwards at \- Invercargill for this port on the 13th ult. The Louisa from Hobart Town, 21st December, arrived at the Yokosuka on the 1st January. Capt. Qirdwood reports experiencing much easterly weather, having been becalmed two days in Foveaux Straits. The Louisa sailed for this port on the 13th ult. \- At sunset last evening the Bella Vista was off' Variety Bay. Wind, east, light. '' \t The Reliance brig, arrived at Auckland on 3rd ultimo, after a fair passage. Captain Riddle's conduct during the voyage seems to have been particularly appreciated by the passengers, as an address was presented to him at the close of the voyage. The Harriet Nathan, barque, which arrived from Melbourne on Sunday brought two passengers, viz., Mrs. flannel and child. The barque Australasian Packet, arrived at Dunedin on 6th ult. The brig Foam, Captain Ledwell, arrived at Sydney from Adelaide on the 30th ultimo, with a cargo of wheat and flour. The Foam left Adelaide on the 7th ultimo, and had moderate weather until she arrived off Cape Howe, when a violent gale came on, blowing terrifically from the S.W. The Emily Dowling, whaler, was in company. She hailed from Hobart Town. The William, schooner, from Adelaide to Brisbane, was in company off Wilson's Promontory. '. The Lady Emma, brig, arrived at Sydney on 17th ult. The Jane brig, from this port arrived at Port Chalmers on the 15th ult. The brig Highlander was advertised to sail from Sydney for this port on 23rd ult. of the King of the Seas, from London, arrived in the bay late on Friday evening, after a protracted voyage of about 130 days. The King of the Seas left the Downs on the 19th September, and encountered adverse winds during he greater part of the voyage. Several spars and some of the rigging having been damaged, the captain put into the Cape on the 6th of December, and left again on the 13th. Some days after leaving the Cape, during a heavy gale from the westward, s midshipman named G. F. Hitchin fell overboard, and was drowned. The accident occurred about two o'clock the morning, which was pitch dark, and a tremendous high sea was running at the time Argus, 28th ultimo. AN AUSTRALIAN LLOTM'.-A meeting of parties interested in shipping and insurance was held to-day, at the Chamber of Commerce, at which it was resolved that a society should be established at this port for the classification of vessels after the manner of Lloyds'. The rules, which have appeared in our columns, were adopted, and six gentlemen were appointed a provisional committee to carry out the views of the proprietors Messrs. Moore, Mowat, Selwyn, Smith, Burke, Callender, and P. Turnbull.-Argus, 29th inst. THELPRKNZPSABINE:-TheArgus correspondent writing from Dunedin under date January 19th says : -There was some anxiety lately as to the safety of the barque Lorenzo Sabine, which was a considerable time overdue from Launceston. She turned up safely the other day, having been driven north west by the recent heavy weather, and put into Nelson for a renewal of supplies for her stock. WAIKATO -The steamer Beautiful Star left the Manukau on the 7th iiiRtant.TJnfortunntory Captain Marwick, who was in Auckland the day previous, neglected to bring any papers, so that we are without any later intelligence respecting the progress of events. She arrived at Waikato on the 24th December, discharged gun-boat stores, &c.; Left Waikato January 6th with the schooner Abeona in tow. First four days out fresh north-west and south-west winds with fine weather; latter part, light airs and calms. Friday, strong gales from west. Six days under steam, three days under canvas. Left the H. M. gunboat Eclipse in Waikato, and put on shore one company Auckland Volunteers. Sixty mechanics are engaged building the gunboat, forty or fifty friendly natives assisting. Mr. Steward was quite sanguine of having the gunboat ready to go up the river by the 22nd January. Six flats were being built at Onehunga for the Waikato, and will be towed by the gunboats. The Government intend declaring Waikato a free port as soon as the necessary arrangements can be made; in the meantime stores are being constructed, and a wharf erected, at which there will be ten feet water at low water. The harbor is quite safe inside, but the bar will never be safe for sailing vessels s. M. Herald, 18th inst. ACCIDENT AT POINT LONSDALE.-The ship Blnndina Dudley, from Cardiff, in passing through the Heads on Friday afternoon, about four p.m., struck on the Lonsdale Rock. A fresh breeze was blowing from the south at the time, Mie ship going at the rate of eight knots. The pilot in charge had got the vessel well inside the Lonsdale Rock marks, when Bite took a shear against her port helm, rushed to the westward across the tide, and drifted out- wards until she struck the rock. So much water was made that it was with difficulty the ship reached her anchorage. The crew made the most praiseworthy exertions, and worked at the pumps continuously for fourteen hours. The Blnndina Dudley is moored alongside the Great Britain, and her cargo of coal is being rapidly discharged into that steamer. Argus, 28th ult. Captain Briggs, of the Sophia Thornton, called here for" letters on December 31st. He was on his way to Hobart Town, which port seems to be the favorite one for whalers at present. The Rainbow, Captain Nichols, was in company with the Sophia Thornton laying off and on bound for Auckland, which place he has doubtless reached ere this. S. Gross, Auckland Jan, 6th. THE GREAT EASTERN A HAUNTED", SHIPP-On course of a paper read by Captain James Paton on Wednesday relative to the repairs of the Great Eastern, has stated that an impression got abroad that the ship was haunted the alleged ghost being that of an unfortunate rivetted, who was heard plying his avocation in one of the wells or compart- ments. Captain Paton stated that before the vessel left this country he believed that one of the men employed in her construction was missing. The man was a riveter j he was missed from the ship and never came for his wages the supposition being that he had been rivetted up in some part of the vessel. So firmly impressed worn Home of the men with this idea that they left the ship in consequence. They affirmed that they had heard their departed friend busily engaged rivetting in the middle of the night. The story was believed by many persons in New York, and on one occasion while the ship was under repair a diver signalled to be drawn up. He appeared pale with fright, and declared the ghost of the inventor was busy in the bottom part of the ship; in fact that he begun rivetting immediately over his head. Such was the coaster nation amongst the divers that they called in the aid of one of the spirit mediums who are somewhat numerous in the city of New York. [The medium came on board the ship, and after an examination declared that the missing man was there both in body and spirit," Fortunately he (Captain Paton) by pure accident was enabled to dispel the illusion. Being in a boat near the bows of the ship, he discovered that a swivel connected with the moorings worked to and from the movement causing a chink or vibration which at times, more especially at night, was heard throughout the vessel. It was this sound which had conjured up, in connection with the supposed fate of the unfortunate -cruiser, the phantom whose mysterious doings 