LOG A fjiHiRN ERA UNTEI.UG F7NtUK THE Bisnop OP GOULBURN AT YASS. 'On last Saturday aftornoon the Bishop of Goul- burn arrived in Yass, en route on a lengthened visita tion through his extensive diocese. Ho was met at O'Brien Bridge, about three miles from Yass, by n number of ladies and gentlemen, by whom lie and Mrs. Thomas were escorted into town. On Sunday the bishop preached forenoon and evening in St. Clement's Church to large congre gations. Collections were made in aid of the Church Society, and wc understand over 18/. wero contributed. On tho Tuesday following a public meeting was held in the Court-house, to originate a local branch of the Church Society. Tho court room was well- filled, and amongst those present we noticed tho Rev. Messrs. Lillingston andCutcliffe, and Messrs. IT. Hume, Moggridgc. Campbell, Pearson, Calvert, Wilkinson, Taylor, Yaughan, Grovenor, Allinan, Colls, Stiles, Pearsc, Davidson, Greville, Wood, Styles, &c.; The Bishop of Goulburn presided. After prayer by the Rev. Mr. Lillingston, The Bishop said the object of their meeting that evening wns for the purpose of forming a branch of the Church Society of the Diocese of Goulburn ; and he trusted that before tho close of the proceedings it would become abundantly evi dent that there was need of the co-operation which that society had in view. They were united into a diocese of considerable extent, and of large population, which, being spnrsely scattered, made it difficult to provide all the means required for sustaining ministers of the church.' He felt quite sure that if all portions of the diocese were to take up this question properly, the means might bo procured for obtaining tho services of faithful men of God to preach the Gospel in places where at present it wns quite unknown. They must re member this society was not confined to Goulburn alone— it was not for Yass alone — but for all places in this diocese. They should recollect that they were all members one of another — that they were one body in Christ — and that they could not do one without the other, for God had so ar ranged thnt the human species were more de pendent on one another than were oven the cattle nn the plains. The rich and the poor were so blended togother that the one could not do with out the other. If this was true in reference to temporal matters, it was equally true in reference to spiritual matters. Each member hud his spe cial work to perform, and ho now invited their co-operation as members of tho great family of man, and. above all, as members of the Church of God. The Church Society designed to assist in bringing together all the members of this one body, and the importance of this object would be at once perceived if they ' considered what God expected all to do for the furtherance of tho Gos pel. One of tho objects of the Society was to aid in providing a sustcntation fund for tho clergy of the diocese, and his opinion watf that Yass would not be behind other places. He believed Yass was able to maintain a minister, particularly as it hud the advantage and privilege of receiving assistance from the State — an advantage which did not exist in other localities. There was, therefore, a double duty upon the people of this district to contribute liberally. He thoughtYass ought to raise at least 200/. a-year. Another object of the Church Society was to obtain additional clergymen for unsupplied districts — for such places as the Abercrombie dis trict, which was described as being in a lawless condition, and was loudly speaking to the Church of Christ to send ministers to reclaim the people by preaching the Gospel of Christ crucified. Other plnces had equally pressing demands upon them ; and he thercforo hoped in Yass and other places to receive at least enough for two other clergy men. These clergymen will require considerable stipends, as they will have to keep several horses — they must be men able to ride — such a man as they had in Yass, who was ready at any time to ride fifty or more miles when required. Such men they wanted in the Abercrombie district. The next object was to provide endowments for the several churches, and to prevail on others to give such endowments. Since his arrival in Yass ho had received a letter from a gentleman offering sixty acres of land as a site for a parsonage and church. (Cheers.) They also desired the Church Society to be instrumental in erecting, repairing, or en larging churches. On his way the first time he visited Yass ho passed a church. in ruins.-and tho people of the locality were not in a position to have it repaired. If they were in a position to offer the people of that locality a portion of the sum re quired, lie had no doubt the necessary repairs would speedily be effected. The church lie referred to was not many miles from Yiiss. As they were not always in a position to provide an adequate stipend for a clergymen, the Church Society in tended to assist in supporting Scripture readers and cateehists, wh'ch had been found to be very beneficial. He considered it would provo most advantageous to have a catechist located in places between two clergymen, and these cateehists would act us pioneers for the introduction of clergymen in time to coinc ; and if they proved to bo compe tent men, some of them might bo ordained, the par ticular training they hnd undergone being of great value, and frequently might be accepted in lieu of college training. They niso required to raise up schools in several places, and the aid given by Government would be most acceptable; the teachers in these schools might also act as cate ehists, so that in districts where they were estab lished the people might bo brought to hear of Jesus Christ from the lips of intelligent laymen in .the first instance, and eventually from the lips of or dained clergymen. Another object of the Society was to circulate tho Scriptuies Tho depot in Goulburn bad been very successful, and a large number of Bibles hue been sold and put into cir culation. At present tho Church Society had not been called upon to bear any of the cost. Ho (the bishop) personally, while in London, took the whole responsibility, and brought out the books. Nor were they to forget to establish or encourage missions to the aborigines whenever there was an opportunity. He t(he bishop) believed that God would require at the hands of some in this coun try the sou's of some of those. He had been told that the blacks were fast dying out from having learned vicious habits from the white population. There wero some remaining ; let them endeavour to redeem the past by trying to instruct the few who remain. They belong to tho same family of man, for God has made of one blood all nations of the earth. There were other objects which tho Society had in view, but some of them would not be thought of for some time to come. Eirst and foremost ho must impress on their minds the ne cessity of providing adequate support for clergy men throughout tho diocese, wherever needed. His (the bishop's) honoured friend on the right (Mr. Hume), who was so well known in this colony — who was. in fact, an historical pcrsonago — one to whom, in colonial matters, they were so much in debted- had kindly commenced the work in Yass by a donation of fifty guineas. (Loud and con- , tinned cheers.) He (the bishop) knew they would approve of it. He was immediately to call upon them to follow tho example, and it would bo well for some of them to do likewise. The bishop then ; made some observations on the principle on which | they ought to contribute. They wanted steady support— that was to say, annual subscriptions. , What would ho say Yass ought to give? 300/. or -100/. n-year ? Mr. Lillingston expected a large number of contributors ; and lie (the bishop) hoped they would have the combined efforts of all, and, depend upon it, if they all did co-operate they I would succeed. (Cheers.) II is lordship then called on Dr. Campbell, who said the resolution lie had to propose was — It is rcsolvcil thnt nn Au\iliury Assocluti n of the Church Society of the jliocosc of Ciouthnrn he f rin 'U at Yns. After tho very careful anil lucid exposition of the objects of the Church Society given by tho bishop, the resolution he had just read was one thnt would commend itself to the minds of every individual present, and required no observations from him to onsure its hearty adoption. If they believed that there existed any necessity for tho establish ment of tho present society in Goulburn, they must feel equally conscious thnt it was their duty to aid it by establishing an auxiliary branch society in Yass. Ho could — hearing in mind that the sup port hitherto received from the State had been, withdrawn from them —feel doubly certain that the time had arrived when it was the duty of ono and all of them to bo up and doing, unless they desired to see worse than heathen ignorance spread over tho length and brendth of this beautiful diocese. , It was their duty to endeavour by vigo rous, united, and well-directed efforts to rescue the many thousands of their unhappy fellow colonists to whom tho sweet sounds of the Sabbath bell never came. (Cheers.) And he would ask, was there any other means more likely to effect this than by enabling this Church Society to carry out the noble object for which it had been formed. (Applause.) He knew of none. Ho wns quite sure that every individual in that assembly felt fully satisfied not only ol the desirability, .but also of the paramount importance, of carrying out this good work, and would ono -and all cordially unite and unflinchingly support it. (Applnusc.) Mr. Stiles seconded the resolution. Mr. J. G. Davidson, having been called on liy the bishop to support the resolution, remarked that if Mr. Stiles, the patriarch of the church in this district (laughter), : found difficulty in making a speech as seconder of the resolution, he (Mr. David son) might be considered to find still greater diffi culty in doing so in support of it, particularly after the able addresses thnt had already been given. He wns quite sure all that had been said met their warmest concurrence, and ho believed that the Yass district would raise fully as much in support of it as his lordship anticpatcd it would. (Cheers.) The Bishop put the resolution to the meeting, and it was carried unanimously, as were those sub sequently proposed. The Rev. C. Cutcliffe said the resolution he had to propose was — Tlmt Die following rules bo adopted f-r the guidance of this Socictv, namely— 1\. Auxiliary Ass cintions n ay be formed In any parish < r district in connection with the Society, and shad consist of o ntrlbul. rs of a nuin a a-yenr to tho funds t f the Society . . 2\. Auxiliary Awfciatiiios shall meet quarto lv\ seven d«ja' notice being oi»en to tho m-mihers in the Incut ucwpnpor. 7 3 ThM hush es« of Auxl iary Am ciatinns shall he conducted by-u» Committee, consisting of tho President of the Church Surety of tho, Plncesc, a Vice-President, a Treasurer, and two Secretaries', and at least three other members annually elected at a moiling of tho Auxiliary. . ! 4\. At Auxllinrj Commit'ce meetings five members thai! form a quotum 5\. All sums of money collected by Auxiliary Ass cintions shall bo paid into the general fund of the Socictv within t»- n days aftor re ceipt, and after the repayment of such local requirements as may he agreed npnn between tho n and tho general Committee, nnd aro in accordance with tho objects of the Society, the surplus shall be applied to the general purposes thereof. 0\. Associations already existing shall he received into connection with the Church N cicty on the tern: and conditions before recited. 7 Knch Auxiliary Association subscribing a sum of not less than £23 n-venr to the funds of the Society shall, for each such amount, tie entitled to nominate one member of tho local Committee as an ex-offlcio member of the gcncrul Committee. A Collectors of subscription and donations may be nppn'ntcd by the h cat Committee, nnd shall he furnished with co lecting cards bearing the signature of the local Sc. retarics. 0 The local Secretaries shall transmit an Annual Itcportoflho proceedings of the Auxiliary, with a statement of n< counts duly audited, to the Secretaries of the Society In (Joidburn early In January each year. And that the following gentlemen constitute the committee and officers of the Society Mess. s. Allman, Ucsiwud, lira k n, Camp- hell, Cutcliffe, Ottrell, Thus. Culls, John Colls, Dnvidson, Downey, Edward, Greville, Grovouor, Gorman, Gilder, Harper Hume, John ston, Jones, Lcathurt, Macnnsh, Moggridge, Pearson, Patterson, St Ics, Hcdmnyne, Taylor, Vunghan, YN'addv, and Wilkinson, with power to add to their number. He (Mr. Cutcliffe) would preface his remarks by stating that he was present at the establishment of the parent society in Sydney, Bomo seven or eight years ago ; that there wero at that meeting cor- tainly not more than was then assembled in the court- houso. Since then many churches had been erected, and two bishoprics had been formed, one at Brisbane and another at Goulburn. Before the subdivision of tho diocese it was more than the Bishop of Sydney could do to attend to its require ments, and the most lie could do was to visit cer tain portions of it perhaps once in three years. The consequence was that many useful nnd desir able things were dropped altogether for want of the necessary supervision. He wns glad thnt this stnto of matters had now been remedied, and that they had a bishop amongst them, who had brought with him his own clergyman (Applause.) On the subdivision of the diocese, tho Bishop of Goul burn had requested the Church Society to con tinue the support of his clergy for six months : thnt time had now elapsed, hence the necessity of establishing a district association of tho Church Society, in order that all might cordinlly nnd unitedly co-operate for tho maintenance of re ligion amongst them and for the support the clergy of the diocese. By union and concord the smallest things grow And increased, whereas by the absence of them the greatest crumbled away. The increase ol episcopates had added many new nnd additional lahours'on the members of tho church. The people of this colony came principally from Great Britain and Ireland, and there they had their churches nnd clergyman, and had not to put their hands into their pockets to build tho one or to support the other. They came to a new country where much was required to bo done, nnd they wore unaccus tomed to what had been called the " luxury of giving. They required to he trained to give ; and this Society might be called a school for training them to give. _ Since tho wisdom of the country had thought it right to spend their money in building prisons anil gaols in preference to supportingreligion in their midst, it bad become necessary that other means should be devised, and the Church Society had such object in view. To carry on the Society pro perly it required rules and regulations, such as ho had read to them, nnd also a committee nnd officers consisting of those gentlemen whose names hnd been submitted to them. lie would earnestly cn- trent all the members of the church to become members of this Society, A contribution of less than sixpence a week would enable any person 4o become one. It had boon too much the habit of looking to a fow for subscriptions, which wore thus rendered burdensome, and in cnti-oqnonce notcon- tinued. Ho (Mr. Cutliffc) quoted from the Bishop of Sydney's charge at Brisbane to confirm his opinion that they should by no means confine their help and aid to their own immediate wants. Centralisation might be nn evil, but localisation was more to be dreaded. They were members of a catholic, that is, universal church, and they wero bound to assist those who were by circumstances unable to obtain those priviligcs which they had so long enjoyed. Much hnd "been dono during tho last forty years— the time when the Rev. Mr Marsden, the first missionary, had arrived. For many years the archdiocese" of Sydney was under the control of tho Bishop of Calcutta. But now what a change had taken place! There was not only a Bishop ot Sydney, but many besides ; clergymen likewise had multiplied, so they had every inducement to hope that though their be ginnings were only small, even like a grain of mustard seed, yet in a few years they might look back and wonder nt tho work that had been accomplished. (Applause.) The rev. gentle man concluded by observing that although they could not always have the presence of tho Bishop of Goulburn to assist tliem by his counsel, yet each one could, if properly sought, obtain the abiding presence of tho Holy Ghost the Com forter. (Loud applause.) Mr. Allman said the resolution he had boon called upon to second, although in some respects only a formal one, namely, the adoption of the rules and the appointment of the committee, was yet important as affecting the success of tho Society in the manner in which it wns worked, and lie was glad to think that their previous know ledge of the energy and ability of the 'gentlemen named by Mr. Cutliffc— ho found his own name first on the list— (laughter)— was ft sufficient guarantee that tho interests on the Society would be safe in their hands, nnd with such a commence ment as they had made that night, they might reasonably look very hopefully' to tho future, es pecially to that important part of their proceedings when their feelings would he most tested— when they had to contribute to their belief in tho move ment; nnd although checks in the commencement of any undertaking wore not usually looked upon with much favour, yet ho promised thoso present that lie would receive them that night without a murmur. (Loud laughter.) That tho movement they were engaged in was an important one, could scnrcely be quostioncd, and it necccd only their own experience of the state of many of tho outlying districts to tell thcin how much their assistance was needed, nnd, if needed, ho thought they might then enquire how far they who had tho good for tune to have a church and clergyman should assist thoso who have not ; and in considering that part of tho question, he assumed that all who heard liiin wero agreed as to the necessity and importance of the religious influences which, by means of this Society, they hoped to extend — because, upon that necessity was founded their principal ground of appeal lor support. Admitting, therefore, the ne cessity and the importance of the intorests involved, a personal and individual responsibility necessarily fell upon ouch member of the Church of England in this diocese to assist, in some dcgrco, according to his ability, the work they had to do ; and it would be one of the objects of tho Society to rely more upon the nuinbprs of its subscribers than 011 the individual largeness of the subscriptions of its richer members — who wero assured, however, that they should not, on the other hand, feel at all offended at tho largest subscription they might offer. (Laughter and applause.) The benefits they would derive from being associated with the paront society in Goulburn would bo, firstly, he thought, the greater prospect of success; and, secondly, tho increased and increasing interest they would feel, not only in their brother subscri bers of the Society, but in those objects they sought to obtain ; and no one who looked at the effect of associating men together in any common object could doubt of the great and lasting sympathy such association produced. A fellow-feeling (or wish) made thorn " wondrous kind," nnd in that way they eould account for the strong feelings of at tachment which they so frequently found existing between comrades in the army and navy, and on a smaller scale between schoolfellows and others who were associated together. It is a principle of English law, which hns been said to be the perfec tion of humnn reasoning, that men shall be made accountable for many nets of omission as well as commission, and such in the ease (which, fortu nately, was not a frequent ono) of mothers and others neglecting to feed and take caro of little children ; verdicts of manslaughter are sometimes found against tho delinquents — so, the wilful neglect of the souls of our follow-men must, he thought, considering the greater nnd graver interests involved, bo looked upon as a crime, and that hereafter there might bo such a sin imputed to us as " soul-slaughter." Ho thought that night they had a striking instance of the sympathy felt in their movement in tho pre sence amongst them of a gentleman (Mr. Rossi) who ' had not only come from Goulburn to assist it, but, if he (Mr. Allman) was rightly informed, intended accompany ing his lord ship throughout his whole tour, which would extend to Deniliquin. Ho (Mr. Rossi) was not quite a stranger amongst them, for many of them must remember the earnest and pertinacious mnnner in which he sought for their subscriptions Inst year in support of the now see of Goulburn, nnd although he might not have been too well pleased with tho amount of their subscriptions on that occasion — and ho (Mr. Allman) knew that 'Mr. Leigh and Mr. Rossi devoted three hours and a hnlf in vainly endenvouring to induce him to increaso his subscription — he trusted that the result ' of that evening would repay him for his Reeming want of success oh that occasion. He thought their individual duty and responsibility in this work might bo proved by an illustration. Suppose any of them saw a blind man walking towards the precipice at Hibernia Crescent, and felt that if they did not interfere to savo him, having the nbility to do so, he must inevitably be dashed to pieces. Surely they ..would feel horror-stricken at the idea of calmly looking on and leaving him to his fato ; and yet, if.it was true that so much religious blind- nesB existed, they were equally amenable to the charge of cruel neglect. if they did not endeavour to dispel it by such means us he now asked them to support — (near, hear)— and feeling fully per- " suadeil of the suitableness of the means proposed in tho resolution which Mr. Cutcliffe had moved, he (Mr. Allman) cordially and earnestly supported it. (Applause.) Mr. Rossi, at the request of the Bishop, supported the resolution. He felt persuaded that his learned friend who preceded liiin often said a great deal he never inoarit. He had referred to the great sym pathy that existed between schoolfellows, and nil the time had turned his baekupnii him. (Laughter.) Ho confessed his lordship had taken him by surprise in calling upon hiiiv\to support the resolu tion ; and ho would have trKjcIniuV the privilego that would he accorded to hinTaff saying little, seeing that he had hut just arrived after a journey from Goulburn. It was gratifying to see so many present who lmd evidently coino to assist in tho great work tlicy had in hand ; and I10 could see very plainly tlmt it did not require elaborate speeches to confirm them in their views with respect to the society. lie might say that lie believed tho Church Society was a concentration of excellencies, and lie would conclude by asking them to con tribute, gladly, liberally, and quickly. (Applause.) The Right Rev. Chairman then called on the Rev. Mr. Lillingston, who ho hoped would " stir thom up " a bit. The Rev. P. A. C. Lillingston (who was received with long-continued applause) said his lordship had called upon hini to " stir them up.'' Ho confessed he had been meditating, rather unjustly, to begin, not by stirring them up. hut by blowing them up— (Laughter)— for the smallness of the meeting. But now lie was standing up lie saw that his ideas of tho size of the meeting were wrong, as it was. larger than he had expected, and besides it was, perhaps, rather a laid plan to scold those who were present for those who absented themselves, unless they wore sure to cany it to the others. (Laughter). Tho resolution entrusted to him was — Hct-olved, tluit tlifc nicetin rceopnisin;' the necessity of aiding and C"-njierntiit£ In the general <l»j cts of this Socl ty, pledge- It self to emplny uil tHtab c n» tins to rui»c funds f<»r these purposes. There was one feeling that was very strong in his mind then, and which ho might as well express, namely, how much they might learn from one an other on occasions like that. They had a remark able illustration of this that night. Mr. Allman had just described tn them, in most amusing terms, an interview which lie had some time since with Mr. Rossi, and told thein of the pathetic terms in which Mr. Rossi sought to induce him to increase his subscription to the fund for which he was' then collecting. And Mr. Allman told them what an exalted opinion ho then formed of Mr. Rossi's power of begging. Now, he (Mr. Lillingston) thought whatever elfect Mr. Rossi had on that oc casion as regarded the object lie was advocating, lie certainly had some effect in reference to Mr. Allman himself, of which they had had tho benefit tlmt night; so that when he heard Mr. Allman's pressing and unanswerable appeal, and thought of the circumstances lie had told them of, he was forcibly reminded of two old linos lie used to read in Peter Parley when a hoy — "To teach his grandson draughts, his leisure he'd employ, Until at lust the old man wns beaten by the boy." (Applause).) But to go more closely into the matter in hand. Ho wns exceedingly glad of the form which this Church Society wns taking nnd of tho object it had in view : ho meant, ho was very glad of the general purposes for which ho had been called on to plead. This made his task a much easier ono, us no ono of them was very fond of a beggar who pleaded for his own support alone. Whenever lie saw one coming lie felt uncomfort able, and should do so more than over in future from an instance he saw yesterday (Monday), of seeing a man very drunk shortly after he had given him some relief. And there could bo no position so unpleasant for a clergyman as having to plead fur his own support alone. But when so great and general an object was brought beforo them, ns the object which this Society compasses, namely, to provide ministers for all parts of this largo and important dioccso, to extend as widely as they eould in their niidst the glorious news of the gospel of our Saviour Jesus Christ— then, indeed, the speaker's task was easy and his work wns very pleasant. And now, what was the principlo upon which ho should ask them to join this Socioty and give their contributions —give them liberally P There might be many ; ho would only touch upon one— the ono which his lordship had already men tioned. ho meant the nrincinln nf irrni.it,, ,lo TMa principlo which is the strongest and the noblest emotion in tho breast of every Christian man. he would ask them to allow to act within them that night. Surely it was impossible for any man to recall all that Christ had done for us— to think of tho vast and the eternal counsels of love which would not let us perish— to recall the past again and think of all Ilis life of love and death of agony — to think of all his own rebellion, and yet of God's mercy and long suffering kindness- to ascend in thought to our home and placo of rest and triumph in the courts of heaven— to descend in thought to the place of woe, from which Christ by His death had saved His own. It was impossible for any mail to think of all this and not to hear within him the voice of gratitude, crying, " What. Lord, can I do for thee !" and to burn with all eager desire to give others this glorious news of the Friend and Saviour he had found. This was the principle which he put beforo thom that night, and ho would p-ess none other on them, but only ask them to let it work and jie would not fear the result. But now ho had one or two practical remarks to which he would ask them to attend. In acting on this prin ciple, and in supporting this society, he would nsk them to remember, first, of all, the importance of regularity. Without this nothing could be pro perly done— no effort eould be sustained. They all knew how in the affairs of their homes the necessity of this was felt every day ; and as it was in the smaller society of home lifo, so it was in such a Society us this. Nothing could be done without regularity. Let them then deter mine what they were each abuut to give towards this object, and not act only on impulse, but from a settled principle lay it by as not their own but given to God. The other principle ho would press upon them was punctuality. It was this principle which Dr. Chalmers enforced so strongly upon both the collectors and members on the first formation of the Free Church of Scotland. And the success — tho extraordinary success — which had marked nil the schemes which wero then originated, should surely be a matter of study to them, and make them anxious in those matters at least to follow their oxample. Let them determine always to be ready with their subscriptions at the appointed time, and then let each collector take care never to miss his day, or ho might miss his money. Those were two practical rules which ho would impress upon them ; and now lot them to their work, and do it in the name of God, and look to Him for suc cess. and surely they would have it. Let none des pair and think little of this work because it might be a small beginning and wo are not a largo com munity. All of thom rejoiced to see amongst them that night the gentleman who first stood upon the top of tho Gap Range — not many years ago neither — nnd nothing was then to be seen on tho vast plains but perhaps a few naked savages; and now what a change had taken place ! The spiritual field before them might seem equally unpromising — there might scorn to bo but little prospect of over, ' seeing hero all the noblo edifices and temples to the living God which adorned their native land — but a distant prospect of.. seeing at work all the machinery of tho homo churches, by which the offer of mercy in Christ is brought to every door — nay, is taught and pressed upon every child. But let, not this cause them to despair. Nay, rathor lot them look, on and work on, and when they workod for God He would work with them. And then let them cast oh their minds to some future dny, when from every side shall rise one song of praise to God, and every where men shall bo taught of Him, and their churches and ministers and schools shall be glad memorials of the self-denying loving works of tho pioneers of the gospel in Aus tralia who worked the machinery of this Church Society. And, above all, let thom ever keep beforo them the grand and glorious virtue — gratitude to Christ, by whom, through whom, and for whom all must be done. (Applause.) Mr. Wilkinson had great pleasure in seconding the resolution. He sincerely trusted that the worl: in which they were engnged might meet with very v- grnnt success. (Applause.) Mr. Pearson had little to say in support of tho motion. The cause advocated wns a good one, and the objects of tho society wore such that all should willingly subscribe. (Applause.) Mr. Grovenor then moved that his lordship lenvo tho chair, and that tho same he taken by Mr. Hamilton Hume, and that the thanks of the meet ing be presented to his lordship for presiding over the meeting. (The motion was carried amidst loud and long-continued applause.) The Bishop retu ned thanks for the warmth of their response, nlthough ho trusted he needed not encouragement even of that kind in the work God had committed to his hands. Nevertheless, it wns cheering to have the warm support of his fellow- labourers. Beforo leaving homo he had not fnilod to count tho cost of the labour in which ho was involved, and it wns hot a light tiling to leave a country possessing so many Christian friends and endearing "associations as our dear Fatherland presented to most of them. It was encouraging, however, to receive their warm and hearty sym pathy. He thanked God and took courage, and trusted that His blessing would be abiding on the people of Yass. Ho remembered his dear friend Mr. Lillingston for many years. He was but n child when lie first knew him. His father was a true Christian laymnn, and an able supporter of every good work at home. And now ho was proud to see his son in this part of the globe equally zealous. Mr Lillingston's father was generally chairman of all meotings in the town of Ipswich, near .which be (the Bishop) resided for some time. It was somowhat remarkable that I10 (the Bishop) had been well acquainted with the parents both of the mover and seconder of tho second resolution. He also knew tho parents of Mr. Wilkinson ; and it was very gratifying to find tho son3 of both the gentlemen he referred tu putting their hands to tho Lord's plough in this colony. Some time before he left home, and while lie was at Calais. Mr. Wilkinson's father, who - was minister at St. Omer for the last thirty years, had brought a number of young people to him (tho Bishop) for confirmation. He had intended to wait upon those presont for their contributions ; but, Mr. Lillingston seemed to get on so well that ho thought ho would leave him to manage tho list. Subscription papers were then circulated, and in a short time the Bishop announced that over 100/. had been collected. The meeting was closed by the Bishop pronounc ing the benediction. The Bishop of Goulburn and Mrs. Thomas, ac companied by Mr. F. R. L. Rossi, of Goulburn. left Yass for Gundagai shortly before eight o'clock on Wednesday morning. Several persons escorted tho Bishop from tho town, intonding to proceed as far as Bowning (night miles), hut as the morning wns cold, with strong indications of rain,, his lordship hade them adieu a short distance from town, and insisted upon their returning. His lordship expects to return to Yass some time in Deccmhcr, when confirmation of young persons will take place. 