SUCH IS LIFE. A NOL OF EVERIY DAY LIFE. BY A REFORIlED BEN86AIONIST. Tinm honeymoon. was over, and the Hon. Chirk Gobowen and his beautiful bride, se Caroline Do Corwen, lounged languidly over dinner at the Vulturo HIotel, Cwmmypyllmy nech. It commands a view of the lovely lakes of Lampeter, Bala, and Ellesmero, and with the triple peakle of Snowdon in the back ground, and the fierce ruggedness of Mold below, the scene is unequalled save in the North American Pampas. But the young couple heeded it not. "The worst dinner I ever ate," said Mr. Gobowen, discontentedly. "It is very bad," said Mrs. Gobowen; "but I think the dinner on our wedding day was even more disagreeable." "Very good of you to say so, I'm sure," said her handsome husband, with an evil glance. "I say what I mean, Chirk," was the cold reply.. " If that is the case," said Mr. Gobowen, "it seems to me that we've beoon and made a sort of- well a mistake, and the sooner we Srepair it the better." ." I'm agreeable," said the Hon. Mrs. Gob owen, with a smile. " Ble'st if you are," retorted here husband "but never mind that now. We'd botter separate." "Separate, indeed!" said Caroline. "That would be pleasant for me, wouldn'tit! No, indeed, no half measure for me," said the Sbeautiful young wife, filling her glass with what is called claret at the Vulture, or at all events charged for as claret and the besat. "Well, what's your whole measure, then ?"' asked her husband, curiously. '" Our marriago was a mistake. All run away marriages are. I am heartily tired of you. I hlave healred all your stories, and all your travels, and-in short, you bore me." ".I reciprocate the sentiment," said Mr. G~obowen. "I have heard all your songs, and your voice is not what I used to thinkl it, and really your accounts of all the rubbislh ing. novels you have ever read have their merits, but they are not particularly intor esting. What's to be done ?" " Let us destroy all evidence of our mar riage, and go back into society. I am sup posed to have been on a visit to my aunt Lady Gumdragon. She will not dare to con tradiot me, as I know of several murders lwhichl she committed.to get at the title, and also the secret of her enamel. You have beon-what does it matter wheoro a man has been ?" " My uncle, the Secretary for tho Buofs and Beacons, kInows of our escapade," said hMr. Gobowen, "' because I borrowed a couple of hundreds from him at starting, but lie won't tell because I am awaro of some for gories he committed in order to become a minister.. So all is safe. Horo's the mar ringe certificate. Teoar it,; and I'll look in Bradshaw to see .how you can get across country to your aunt's." "Are you a fool?" said the lovely Car - line Gobowen. • , _1 "I 'vas, one day' about a m6nth backl" said Chirk. She was too proud to ireply to the taunt, but proceeded. "Is theoro not a copy of that certificato in the bookie of the church at Eisteddfod." "By Jovo, yes. That's awkward." "Not at all, if you have the ordinary cou rage and energy of a man." "I believe I have both." "Then burn the church."' The fire in her radiant eyes seemed to light up a ]kindred ray in his. He seized his hat, box of cigar-lights, gloves, nodded to her, and departed. Thirty-six hours aInter, and the beautiful old church at Eisteddfod, built by Owen Glendowor, and flamous in the scene of the marriage between Edward of Carnarvon and Catherino Parr, was a mass of smouldering embers. Mr. Gilbert Scott, tihe great cclde siastical architect, would oat no lunch that day, he was so shocked, and was scarcely comforted by receiving instruc tions to make another church, exactly lilioe the old one. "I have done it,'" said the Hlon. Mr. Gob owen, as hle re-entered the room at the Vul ture, and found his wife, as we will still call her, smoothing her lovely hair. at the glass, just having taken off her bonnet. "Yes, I saw the fire," she replied coolly. "You did !" "Aye, it isn't my nature to be idle. I went after you by the next train, and ascor tained that you might have spared that lovely little church, which I wish I had sketched." "What do you mean ?" "The clergyman of Eisteddfod, his name is the Rev. Morgan-ap-Jones, keeps the re gister boolks in his own house." Mr. Gobowon launched a fearfiul observa tion directed against the Welsh clergy gene rally. "That sort of language is of no use," said his wife. "You should have burned the rectory." " Of course I would, if I had known." "If," repeated Caroline Gobowon, with bitter sarcasm. '"Stay hers, and smoklo your cigars. It is all you are fit for." She put on hler bonnet as carefully as if' she was going to meet some woman whom she hated, and was gone. A few days afterwards; the Bangor Ban nor contained the following paragraph:- " Our fair readers cannot be too cautious what servants they engage; the Rov. Morgan ap-Jones, the respected minister of Eistedd fod, recently engagod a nursery-maid, who came to him with- theo highest writtn character. Yesterday she disappeared, and the wheol of the registers of the church, from the year 1397, disappeared also. Our one policeman, .the intelligent and respected David Williams, says lhe thlinkls it very odd, but declines, at present, to saymoro. Should anything transpire, our readers shall hear of it next month." "Well ?" said the Ilon. Gobowen, on the third day after, as his wife came in, with a proud flush on her fair brow. "That is just the word," she said. "I bought some lead, wrapped the books in it, and dropped them down the well at the bot tom of the garden. It is said to be un fathomable." " Thleii the truth won't get to the bottom of the well, where she usually lies," said the fon. Chirk. "Thank you. But it is now my turn to ask wlhere are your wits. You forget about the witnesses to the wedding." "Bother! so I did," said Mrs. Gobowen. " Orson is endowed with reason. Thero were Mr. Jones, the clerk, the beadle, and the pew-openor." "Lec diable d quartre," said Chirk. Sho tapped her tiny foot impatiently, in thought. "I could hardly escape detection at the rectory," she said; "but if you managed the parson, I would answer for the other three." "No, we'll divide equally, like man and wife," said Chirk. Something like kindness beamed in her smile for a second, but it was repressed. There was stern work before them. And they did it, that brave, high-blooded young couple. The Rev. Mr. Ap-Jones, lured from his rectory by a supposed smug glor, who promised the clergyman a caskl of illegal brandy, if he would fetch it from a neighbouring forest, was found a month afterwards at the bottom of a coal-pit, nine thousand feet deep, but without the brandy. The clerk, Timothy Roberts, set out to Llangollen to see a wealthy eleventh cousin who had sent for him to come to dinner, and be forgiven for being poor. This cousin's dinner he never ate, but the fishes of tlhe Dee ate him-how they were helped to him, an athletic young fisherman who had boon consulting him about the most killing tackleo, might hlave told, but never did. The beadle was found by a roadside, at a spot to which hle lhad gone, as relieving olfficer of Eisteddfod, to see a child whichl a begganr-woman calling at his house, requested him to come and remove to the workhouse, and in his hand was a metal cup, from a travelling flask. The cup had contained whisky, and something else, which the coroner of the county sent to Dr. Alfred Taylor: but what was lho use ? Tho pew-opener, whol had booen rendered superstitious by the number of ghosts she hlad seen in the old church, was simply frightened to death by a female apparition in white, with phosphoric eyes and stains of blood upon its garment, that rushed at heor one night in hler own garden and shrieked, "'Who stole the velvet covered hymn book ?" The four witnesses were gone. " 'We are not safe yet, dear," said Caro line to her husband, as they wandered by the river Sovern, at its confluence with the Thames, and watched the salmon leaping from the sparkling pools. Theroe was almost a tenderness in her voice, for she was learn ing to respect her husband. "Theose childron take a deal of sopa rating," said Chirk, laughing. " Wo'vo burned a church, robbed aparsonngo, and cooked the gooses of four respectable indi viduals, and yet we can't sever the knot. What's up now ?" "Do you not remember," she said, play fully, "or were you too busy looking at seomobody else, that during the coremony there wore two pews of charity children?" " So theoro were. And any one of those might identify either of us. I have always thought; irith Mr. Gladstone, that charities are a mistake. Confouild tho catechotical brats. This requires thought." " I haove given it thoughlt, silly one." Eisteddfod was in some measure con soldd under its misfortunes. It was much taalked about, which is joy and delight to a provincial place. Moro. A most boenlovolont stranger, attractbd by the noise of tlhe catas tropho, came and settled at a cottage near tho town, and soeemed to live only to do good. IlHis dress was of the old school, blue coat, briass buttons, and loather bsroecles. Hlo wore a largo halt, under which his beautiful white hair fell voluminsously on hIis reverend shoulders. Money was nio object; lie re lieved the poor, assisted the tiei' clergymann, prpmised Mr. Gilbert Scot six mnemorial windows, repaired houses foir the poor, and, in short, was a Monto Chlristo and Ilowisrd in one. But the childron were his clhioef care. 1e liad a large bargo built, withl a cabin, and in this he used to treat the charity children to delightful jaunts on the river Tront, with buns, marmalade; and ginger beer. One day. when the wholo school went out with him,. ho wias noticed turning a hliadle tliat seemed to workl upon somethling ast the iottom of the boat. Ten minutes after tlio bargo went down in twenty feet of water.; .Thoro were no signs of the good old man, buta smnartly-dressed and very hand some young man was seen running along the bank in the direction of the small rail way station. The clharity school had dis appeared. '' And now, love," said Chirk Gobowon, looking into the beautiful eyes of his wife, "we have done all, and may be calm and happy for the restof our lives. Now we can arrange our separation." "Ye-s, if you wish it," said Caroline, with something of a wistful loock. "You don't?" he said softly. "Do you wish me to say yes." " No." .And the young husband and wife were in one another's arms. iMay they be happy! Taught energy and resolution by early trial, taught mutual con fidence by the necessity of conjugaltrust, why should they not be happy ? They had learned to know one another, and the sweet evening star thilt shone mildly down upon their re-union seemed to them a harbinger of blessed and virtuous days to come. Punch. 