M I SC EL LA NE O US. TOWNSEND,: THE BOW-STBEET RUNNER.-Tliis famous man took particular pains to dress exactly as George JU did in private, and, to the day of his death, never altered Ins costume. - Ho iras on ' elderly map vt hen I first knew him, and rarely failed being' in attendance at 'the Ancient Concerts when any of the Boyal family were there. I believe he fancied at times that he was the next heir to the throne. Ho wore a broad-brimmed white hat, and a flaxen wig, long drab gaiters and breeches, or' top boots, carried a thick walking stick or cudgel, and ?rarely entered into conversation with anyone.. I chanced, however, to become an especial favourite with him, and we frequently had long talks of an interesting.character. I would say to him sometimes, as he sat. behind the or- chestra, on a largo wooden box, swinging one of his huge fat legs about. " Don't you miss His Majesty George .III very much ?." "I believe I do !"? said; he, im- mediately raising his hat (which he always did whenever any oftljie Royal, family .were mentioned). "If it weren't for my wacation'.T'a dewoté tho rest of my life to his memory.. Why, bless you," ho continued, "His graoious Majesty (and up went the hat again) and myself were like brothers ; bless you, lie wouldn't go nowheres with- out me ; I keeps my place, because the young chaps at Bow-street has got to larn their business, and tho old uns has to teach 'cm ¡ and tho business, of the State couldn't go on without them 'ere'as knows tho ,tricks o' the town-so I keeps my pince." . " Who's coining to- night ?'' I would inquire. " The Duke; of Cambridge, God bless him (and up went the hat again)! ciao:you ' wouldn't And me here. ; Why. he'd bo as fldgotty'as a mad'bull iii Newgate if he didn't see, me here." I One cvenhig I asked him " if he was fond of music." - "No," ho replied "'"tan'tmuch iu my way, but my raisBus is. I can't' get,'her away from . t hem , horgan* in,the street Bometjnus; she's awful musical." " Why," what' will you db; Mr Townsend, ' when all'tho Boyal family are dead?" " Well, I suppose I,shall soon go after thom, , and you'll go after me, and somebody ,'11 come afteryoú; and so you seo wo aro all a Bort Bow-street runners till ' our business is stopped and we're . required np longer." At this moment a voice in the outer passage was heard; asking in a high tone,," Where's Townsend ?''. "Herb nm I, your Boyal Highness," he answered, for that voice' belonged to tue Duke of Cambridge, who had: just' arrived.-Musical and Personal Recollection* ¡ by S. X>Mllipr. ¡ - A NBWKQlk^'. jx^lâKàos.~TlÛ3 morning between ten and eleven o'clock, a man of gentleman like appear- ance, at least Si feet high, stout, and well proportioned, walked along Fleet-street and tho Strand, in company with another gentleman, who, although a tall man, looked like a pigmy beside his friend. Hundreds of men mid boys followed the tall gentleman along his route, and everybody who remembered Hales, " the Norfolk Q ¡ant," who created so great a sensation a few years ngo, admit- ted that he was very considerably below thc height of the gentleman who startled us this morning, and about whom nobody seemed to know anything. The giant ap- peared to be completely undisturbed by the eagerness with which hs was stared at and commented upon, and chatted calmly with his. frieud as ho passed along tho publio thoroughfares.-Globe, 2Gth July. " NIKE TAILOIIS STAKE A MAN."-This phrase origin- ated in the following incidont :-In 1242 an orphan boy applied at a fashionable tailor's shop in London, in which nine journeymen were employed. His interesting ap- pearance opened the hearts of the benevolent tailors, who immediotcly contributed nine shillings for tho relief of the little stranger. With this capital ho purchased fruit, which he retailed at profit. Time passed on, and wealth and honour smiled upon this young tradesman, so that when he set un his carriage, instead of troubling the Col- lege of Heraldry for a crest, he painted tho following motto on the panol of his carriage-door-" Nine tailors made mo a mau." ? SOCIAX lim IK EirouND.-Some extraordinary re relations of tho social life of England generally, and of London in. particular, are made in a paper which Dr Lankeater, the.coronor for Central Middlesex, has read to ii meeting of the .Social Soience Association. It appears that about ono hundred parsons are everyday burned in England and Wales, of whom ten die. The cases of burning are about equally divided between males and fomales up to the ugo of five years, but in the more advanced'Oges the female victims are as three to one as compared .with the male. To what are we to look for a solution of this enigma? To dress, no doubt, which in young children is pretty much of the same character whether worn, by boys or girls; but when wide'skirts and crinoline como into play, «o docs a trebly incl eased r<ttio of mortality on their sido. .'.The population of Dr Lankester's. district is 805,975, and the number of in- quests held by him in a year nos 1080, or one for every 746 of the population ; and yet he complains that, owing to the negligence of registers, very many persons ¡ aro buried without an inquest into the circumstances of whoso deaths the coroner ought to make any inquiry. The pro- portion of suicides to the whole of the deaths in which inquests aro held is one in fifteen. Dr Lankester's tables showing the number of suicides for each month in the year, do not support the popular notion that the montliB of November and .December are most provooutive of self destruction.. Tho highest number occur in November and April, whilst . December has only one more than July, August, I and September. It is worthy of remark that the number of men who commit suicide is double that of women.; Iii» noto of the men-suicides is generally i hanging or cutting the throat. The women give the preference to poisoning and drowning. .' April is the favorito month for manslaughter and infanticide. There is top. much reason to believe that the latter crime is fearfully rife in the metropolis. In Central Middlesex last year, there were fifty-three 'cases of deaths or new- born children in which verdicts of wilful murder were re- turned against some person or persons unknown. If we bear in mind that there are six or seven other coroners in the metropolis, besides Dr Laukcster, this return; is [ horribly significant. With respect to .accidents, nothing will make tho public careful of itself. . Within three days after. the frightful slaughtor on the Southwark line at Egham, a man jumps out ufa. train while it is passing Twickenham., Ile very narrowly escapes death, and is rolled head over heels and dislocates: his shoulder. Other passengers, attempt to do the. same thing. Last week the temporary bridge across tho Thames at Blackfriars was opened. A footpath is mada over the carriage road, and pedestrians are strictly cautioned not to venture on the latter. Notwithstanding this, it.was crowded by men, women, and children,, on Sunday last, all poking their heads through thc scantling, which forms a sort of para- pet. One child fell through, and still greater crowds stretched half their bodies out to see the dragging for his dead body! On Munday.morning, police were placed ¡on the bridge to inform the poople that Sir Richard Mayne will prosecute anyone, who insists on drowning himself. Liverpool Albion. I ..'.Xus COST OF A CONJUBOB'S IMP.-HOFFMAN r, HEBBMAN.-An action was heard in tl)o Court of Ex- chequer last week. : It was brought to recover from thc defendant, the well-known conjuror or "prestidigitateur,' 100 guineas for a ghost trick, und £150 for the appara j tus to work it.: . .Sergeant Simon, who appeared for the plaintiff, said, that tho defendant was a prestidigitator in ono sense of the.term only, and by the quickness ol his Augers dazzled and pleased the eye without abstract- ing anything from the pocket. Thc trick consisted in the conjuror, borrowing a watch from ono of the audience, and letting it, as if by accident, full and smash to pieces, and. of course he was to apologise for his clumsiness. A servant was then to enter with a hamper, and take out of it an unlimited supply of bottles of champagne, ol which tho audience wero. to partake ; and when the hamper appeared to be exhausted, a youthful Bueclius was to jump out in a drunken state and produce a scarf; and after the conjuror had explained to the audience his annoyance at receiving such a present from a. friend, he was to endeavour to repack the young god in the hamper, who, of course, was to appear too big to go in. A cask was then to be sent for, into which ho was to bo put. The scarf then shows the double of the conjuror, who fires at his ghost and knocks him into a flame. Tho fragments of the watch are then picked up and tho pistol reloaded with them, and'when retired the flame is ex- tinguished ; and young Bacchus appears, seated on the top of the barrel, with, the watch whole in his hand, when restitution is to be made to the owner of it. The plnintiffhad expended a sum of £77 in making tho ap- paratus, and hud received on account from the defendant u sum of ¿'00 ; .but as the defendant said his speculation at the Princess's Theatre was. not a paying one, he should not require the trick. The defendant did not appear in the case, either, personally or by counsel. The jury found for tho plaintiff for the amount of his claim. AMUSING CALCULATION OF CHANCES.--It is easy to show, you, reader, .that fire hundred years ago the chances were ten thousand to one that you and I would never exist. If we look at the chances as only exhibited in only two or three generations, we sholl bo astonished and horrified at seeing how narrowly we have missed pf hav- ing nb being.' For instance, my grandfather was a soldier in the revolutionary army for six years, and re- peatedly .exposed to death. : On ono occasion,-whcn hie company, was engaged, by platoons, he was the only sur- vivor of two different attacks. Now, if be had fallen in any of those attacks he would not have married, my father would .not have .been .born, and I myself would have had no being. Again, my father paid his addresses to a certain young lady, .and was engaged to her.. Just before the time appointed for thc marriage, a misunder- standing arose between them, all ties, were dismissed, and my father, married another woman-the same woman who hus since done mo. the honor of being my mother. Now,.if my father had married the first-mentioned lady, I never should haye beeu born, as her children could not have possibly .been my mother's children, and my mother might not have had any children at ail. . You see, there- fore, that a mere lover's quarrel may chango the whole line of a family for thousands of years.. In fact, if Miss Smith is courted by both Jones and Jenkins, it is.for Miss Smith to decide (as she certainly has tho power of doing) whether, sho will be tho ancestress often thousand Joneses or ten thousand Jenkinses ; for on her choice depends.the very existence or. non-existence of theso pos- sible descendants. Tho whola subject is so full of fatal- ism that,the only thing we can.dp, after once getting into ..existence, is to shout .with the Arabs-"Allah is. Allah ! what is to be will be."--Eildon't Autobiography. ; AMUSEMENTS FOU putt LADB.-A correspondent of the Melbourne Herald, writes :-Allow me to suggest a pro-, ventive measure. f>r the evils arising out of the.idlo habits of our. boys. Is has proved so beneficial in England that I havo tried tho experiment in my own neighbourhood here, with every promise of success. I only began, how- ever, two years ago, .so that there has . not been time to pronounce .on the ultimate result. I selected .about a .dozen lads from my. Sunday school,.and induced them to oome to my house two evenings ;in the week to leam1 the art of chess.^ All. entered heartily into, tho. idea, and several became really, good, ayoroge. players before throe months had elapsed. .Indeed, two of them, on one occa- sion, played such a scientific ns:woll , as amusing game that; I seut it home as a curiosity to Mr. Staunton.. I then gave' them chess boards and.men, and I find on inquiry that they often meet at each other's houses in the winter evenings to;play.,. The.effect of this .instruction, sb far as it lias hitherto, shown itself, in,. these boys, is that it. has made them thoughtful and attentive, ana generous in disdaining to take petty advantage of casual oversight;, they .-have become good-humoredly sooiable with each .other, and no. longer seek. for evening amusement, or occupation in pursuits of doubtful propriety. As they grow.older they will find that they .have a resource at home, .or in a friend's, cottage, far superior to the nobbler. Nor does.it all uro to card playing, not only bocuuee it is far : more amusing but because it demands skill of a far higher description. , Still less does it provoke to inebriety, far during sixty years that I have been a chess-player, I never fell. in with one that was a drunkard. If other gontlemon will tako the hint, tho rising generation: will have reason to be grateful to them.. THE AUT OF BOBBOWIKO.-« My dear,' asked a young Paris lady to a female friend, 'do you believe j that miserly i. would lend me three thousand francs ?'. X. was tho name of a well known sporting man. 'It de- pends on chance,' WOB the uiiBwer. ' How shall I set about it ?' ' Toko a pen and write :-' My dear Alfred, \--I have been disappointed in thc receipt- of some money this morning. Could you bring mo this evening three thousand francs, and at tho Buino time curvo a pheasant I have just received ?-ERNESTINE.' ' And, do you be- lieve when tho letter was sent, that 1 shall harp my money ?' ' With thut note, my dear, you'll not get any money.' . Why do you make mo write it?' 'Because it was necessary that a first noto should procedo a second: do you understand ?' 'No.' 'Toko youi*pen." '.What! writo ngain ?' 'Three lines only- My dear Alfred, think of my note as not sent. Just after I had despatched it, I received my money. Don't forget, how- ever, to como and sup with mo. - The pheasant is su- perb.' , This letter was sent like the first., ' Now seo what will huppen," said tho lady friend ; 'Alfred will feign not to have received your second lettor, and will moko a show of generosity, when ho thinks you waut no money. . 'Tho rest is, with yourself.' . All was executed according to form, tho sporting man gallantly offered tho threo thousand francs, convinced they would not be ac- cepted ; but to hil horror the lady qiiet'y pocketod tho money. LIBERTY OF »Kl ? Paras.-There ii . olas» of noonie who aro under a very erroneous ira'prosiion that any kind ofnoticomay .be inserted in tho advertising columns of i newspaper as long as it is paid for and tho writer's narap is nttaohed. Indeed it will occasionally happen that tho gentleman in our ofllcè whose' duty it is to receive ad- vertisements, is occasionally told, when lie rejects a notice or announcement which could not be'inserted in any rej pntable journal, that he is bound to do it ; and frequently it is insisted (fruitlessly nevertheless) that it Bhall be done. As a specimen of what occasionally occurs in this way, we giro the following, which passed at' our office on Saturday last :- ? _ ! [Enter a very hirsnte,' Btalwart being, having the ap , pearance of a sly grog shanty keeper-very dirty, more than half tipsey, and exhaling the odour of rum most offensively.] j Pitching down h very crumpled piece of pnper, ap- parently the fly-leaf of a book, he exclaimed " How .much ?" Press Représentative' roads, shakes Iiis head, and answers "Can't go iii ot any price." : ..? *--.-' j Sharify-keeper :' But.I pays for it ! P/iess Representative r Can't insert it. . r Shanty-keeper: My:name's there. .jr'"."'. Press Represonfotive : Can't insert it, I toll you. . ' Shanty-keeper Thun I'll make yer. Press Representative : Ko, I think riot. Shanty-keeper: Now, just you put that in. If yoil don't look out 1 Your head ain't ' thicker than many a chap's I've punched before now. Press Représentative (civil but stubborn: Can't go . in, sir, on any account. . Shanty-keepér : Just come out, then, into thc st reet. ; Press Representative sticks the paper on n file, and says ho will refer to head-quarters. This was done to save his head,'and the man walked away, uttering a'n obscene oath. The offered advertisement for which the clerk's head was to be punched if it was not inserted is here tran- scribed, the names only being altered to avoid heud punching or a criminal prosecution for libel : " Tom Roferty had better keep out from coming to my tent. His wife won't com bak no nore to him. She's a-gqin' to live with me. Who was lagged for steeling: blankits and bolted1 from tho Dust- hole-Yours, Tom Duffy."-Marliiourough Vreis. THE PRINCE AND PBTXCESS OF WAMS AND THE OBSERVANCE OF ' SUNDAY^-What would the gloomy observers of the Sabbath hove said if they hud been on the road to Richmond about three o'clock last Sunday afternoon ? Indignation meetings would have been held from Braemer to * Auld Reekie.* The Prince and Prin- cess of Wales had resolved - to dine ut tho White Lodge, and to entertain a small party at thoir impromptu banquet, for it had been only thought of the night be- folge, ofter the Volhnteer Review. Thero was no pro vendor nor Italian cook at the White Lodge, so that everything had' td be sent out on Sunday. About half past two o'clock a private omnibus set out from Marl- borough House crammed with cooks, kitchonroaids, hampers, canvass and carpet bags. The sido window » ero all open ; and in the centre of tue bus sat Ie chef de cuisine, arrayed in full official costume-white jacket, red cap, &o.; In Ids mouth was a short pipe, from which ' ascended whiffs of tobacco not the most fragrant, as pipes were being put out iii the closing public-houses, and ns West End London was obeying [the calls of church bells tolling from a hundred steeples. Many a pious eye was raised in wonder and despair; and gloomy forebodings of a return to tho'days bf George IV. disturbed many In religious soul. Tho fact is German manners prevail at court; and though the Prince and Princess never miss attending church on Sunday, likb the Queen herself, they enjoy themselves in the afternoon, and have no scruple about a drive in the parks and a quiet dinner party in the evening.-Liverpool Albion. I NELLY GWYNNE'S FIRST LOVE.-" My first love, you must know, was a link boy." "A what?" "'Tis true," said she, " for all the frightfulness of your tríaí; anda very good soul he was too, poor Dick I and hod the heart of a gentleman. God knows what hos become of him ; but when I last saw him, ho said he would humbly lore me to my dying .day. He used to say that I must have been a lord's daughter for my beauty, ond that I ought to ride in my couch, and behaved to me as if I did. lie, poor boy, would light mo and my mother home, when we had sold our oranges, to our lodgings in Lewkenor's-Iane, as if we hud been ladies of the land. He snid ho never felt easy for the evening till he had asked mo how I did ; then ho went gaily about his work, and if he saw us housed at nipht he slept like a princo. I shall never for- get when he came flushing and stammering, and drew out of his pocket a pair of worsted stockings, which he brought for my naked feet. It was bitter cold -weather, and I had tho chilblains, which made me hobble about till I cried ; and what does poor Richard do but work hard like a horse, and buy me these worsted stockings. My mother bade him put them on ; and so he did, and his warm tears fell on my chilblains, and ho said he should be the happiest lord on the earth if the stockings did me any good."-Downes. A YANKEE CUBE FOB JIBBING HORSES.-At the junction of Main and Centre-streets, soys the Stockton Independent, wo noticed a now dodge by an old man who appeared to understand the nature of-a baulking horse himself. A white, mustang was hitched to a smnll thorough-braced wagon, in which'were groceries ando man evidently bound for the country ; but when the word was given to go ahead, the brute, by some pecu- liarity of temperament, seemed disposed to go back. At length a sage Irishman came along, and saying something about the Saviour of tnnnkind in a rather irreverent way, he assorted his ability to . make tile mustang go. Sure fnotigh, Patriok stepped forward, and simply put a handful of gravel into thc horse's mouth, when tho traces were instantly made tight, and the waggon followed tho horse at a rapid pace. Pat'says tho plan will succeed every time. There is humanity in that trick. : FOOTE AND GENERAS BLAKENEY.-Foote, whose talent lay in mimicry, even in his early days, had a knack of imitating General Blakeney, in tho' shrug of his' shouldors and tho lisping .of his speech, for which' t he General wes remarkable, so that it grow a common topio among his acquaintance, who used to say, " Come, Sam, let us have the General." A friend at length acquainted Blukcu'ey, who sent for Foote. " Sir," Baid he, " I hear you have an excellent talent at mimickiug characters, and, among the rest, I find I'have been the subject of your ridicule.". " Oh, sir," said Foote with. great pleasantry, " I tako| all ray acquaintance off at times, and what is more particular I often take myself off." "Indeed." said tho General ." pray let us have a specimen." Foote, on this, put on his hat and gloves, took his'cane, and, making a short bow, lèft tho room. The General waited some time'for his return ; but, at length, on inquiry, found that Foote had really taken himself off, by leaving tho house. FAITH IN A LEO OF MUTTON.-A governess, who taught in' a school that stood on the: banks of n small river, once wished to communicate to her pupils tin idea of faith. While she was trying to explain the meaning of the word,. a small~~ covered boat hove in sight. Seizing upon tho incident for an illustration, she.ex- claimed, " Were I to tell you that there was a leg of mutton in that boat, you would believe me, ? would you not, without even seeing it yourselves ?" " Ye.«; ma'am," replied the scholars.'' "Well, that'is faith," Baid ! tho schoolmistress." 'Tho next day, in' order to teat their recollection of the lesson, ,alio inquired, , ".What is faith?" "A leg of mutton in a boat," was ¡the answer, shouted from all parts of the school-room. ? A NEW IDEA; FOB THE BOYAL ARTILLERY.-Wil- cox's division mot with special praise for. tho gallant manner in ¡which it crossed the Ny river. Roemcr's battery--formerly the Second, now. the Thirty-fourth New York-participated in the fight with great gallantry. The guns became so heated in the action, that > towards tho close they we're fired without primera, by simply re- moving the finger from tho ventholo'.-American Paper. [A doubtful'story. How did number 4, who "servos tho vent," get out of the woy of tho recoil when the'gun ; discharged, itself ?J ¡ AN AKÍTHMETÍCAI, WONDER.-If twelve persons were to" agree to" dino together every" day, but never to sit exactly, in tho sainé order all. round tho table, it would take thom thirteen millions of years, at the rato of one dinner a day, and they would have to eat moro thnn 470 millions of dinners before they could go through all tho arrangements in which they could place themselves. A has only ono change, A B two,' A B O six, four letters 24, five 120, six 720, seven 5,010, eight 40,320, nine 302,880, ton- 8,028,800, oloven 39.91G.80 >, twelve 479,001,000. . A SHARP TRANSACTION.-A gentleman at n fancy fair lately, being solicited to buy something by a young lady who kept a stall, said he wanted to buy what was not for salo -n lock of her Ilaire She promptly cut off the coveted curl, and received the sum naked for it, namely, five guineas, ' The purchaser woe showing his trophy to a friend. " Sho rather had you," said the friend ; " to my certain knowledge, she only paid three guineas for the whole wig." i . ? ;???'-. ; DISCOSTBNT.-Somo people aro never contented. After having their limbs, broken, their heads smashed, and their brains-knooked' out, they - will --actually 'go to law, and try to got-furthor damages. A Chicago papor gravely remarks that "the longer tho prosent war-lasts -the moro public opinions begins to suttlo down to the belief thatlit' will, by no£ means bo a short one."' Tho editor is quito firm in his b-jliof. 