CARDINAL WISEMAN ON DR. COLENSO AND GARIBALDI. TN his ?.* Trinity £unday Pastoral," Cardinal Wiseman speaks at length upon the . religious movement nhich may be said to date from the publication of " Essays and Re views,',' and of Dr. Colonso's book on the Pentateuch. He says : - Your strongest support and your . sublimest aspirations were centered in this belief and hopo that you were made to the image of God in Trinity, Science pretends to overthrow this belief, and so deprive you of your most ennobling and consoling principle of life and ac'iin. Ko, if science; as now read by too many,'says true, there was no .time when. God could have created mari ; no moment in which He could havo impressed on bim His own divine image. The human race, according to this version, springs from some scarcely organised rudiment of matter, which gradually went on, through millions of ages, un- folding its means and powers of life; till having passed through various brutisbj , improvements, it readied the stage of existence which immediately preoeded the human, providing forour inheritance \--for the man the matured intelligence, for the woman.'the ripened graces, cf the ape or the baboon. God help us I that many should have allowed themsolvts to accept such an origin ; while a whole host of proofs assign to us that of revela- tion; makes man the bonding link, between un- thinking matter and the breath of-God. which made him son tient, reasoning, moral¿ and imperish- able-niy, whioh made him Godlike, and almost God, iberia, baye been growing: in the lost few . months i alarming symptoms not mer ¿ly of religious ¡nñiííerenoo, out of betrayals , of, the Faith, by those to whom the ''.'public will of this . country bad entrusted its guardianship at least in what is broadly designated Christianity. You all heard, that wi hin a oompara'ively reoent period, in the very body constituted by law, to preach and defend the doctrines of revelation, there has been slowly generated, but at last, outwardly manifested, a oanker of rationalism ; which, if it spread, must oat out v-'tality, and so extinguish life. Learned ?tpep, in high dignity,! have lifted np, if they have not thrown, oft the cloak whioh wrapped up in decent concealment the hideous sore. . The in- spiration of Holy Scripture, the eternity of - tor .monti for the wicked, aro among the moró pro- minent doctrines, whioh these writings have boen held most prominently to impugn, .to the scandal of .many. ,To their aid has advanced 'a scholar ¿Í / peculiar, learning and skill, of . whom the people -might naturally say, *. One that ia a priest of the' sood of Aaron is come, he will not cleceiyo ns." In volume after volume bb has denied, not without m nob apparent t research, tho truth of the Books.of Moses,, and consequently his account of the creation of the world and of men.. peed we say, that, without our srioa'fying pther .-,'> doctrines, there waa enough in' what wo have > mentioner], to ovoke from long'torpor, and bring into fearless Eotivity, soy power, " preservative or curative, an- tidote or . megine, which liy in ; the hands; of ¿bat body to , whioh the bu'k .of ibo people look : for i religious teaching . or for guidance in their own more humble inquiries ? Answers, totally inadequate,' have indeed appeared, ? from other'contending, scholars. But hom those whqjhoid,- by Ia Wy tho offico which St. Paul describes as so fu'l of corrective energy, there has been ? no active ^demonstration ' pf consciousness of i<8 possession ; no ''being "instant in,seaton, and out.iof. season ;*' no -efficaoionsi reproving, en- treating; rebuking, hva!lrpatience, and doctrine."' No synod has'been convoked'to oondomtL doc- trines more false and fatal than thoao of Arius j .no ?word of »be Fpïrît drawn, if rribt to emife Hie ibla'sphemers, ld cut bat' bis iofos'tib^ -sbrf {"'rio combined 'assertion of " It bath s'eèméd g-jod to' the Holy" Ghost and to ns," in fine no decisive, irrevocable, outhoritatiya . deolar«tion Wre-hsser tion of doctrine, on the two vital 'doctrines^ bf Scriptural inspiration, and the eternity' of punish meat. May we not, therefore, cbnélade. lbat this supposed teaching body feels within itself that want of power to act outwardly, which instinct makes us feel,: when in the presence of a wide ebasm, that bur frame would refuse to obey our will, if this, impelled us for.vird over it ; and that our attempt to leap it muBt end in an ignominious" fall. In fact so nnreliant has it shown itself, now ns ever ' before, bu ita 'own inborn*, oif'Héàven' granted, authority and sucoess, that this ; most solemn and purely religious con'roversy ' has passed into the hands of laymen, from the hall ef the priests to the tribunal pf Cassar. . Now this hasgiven judgment, withthe minute discrimination tho careful sif ing, and the cold impartiality^¡w^hich would have marked a decision' on a; conveyance, bf property^ br1 : the transmission of! a", legacy Arid what is remarkable'indeed ls, that thpjudg ment has gone forth,' as valid, and _ incontes table, - in spite of'aEsessora impugning" it,; *whb; belong to the highest order bf religions teachers recognised by1 the"State. What'ia lha . conse'. quence? ' Why, practically, that heopefortb" thè inspiration; of "any proposed ., portion* of , Holy Scripture; may be'safely denied, within the pale of the national^religious establishment; and thus falls' what' baa been considered " the pillar^ap'd ground work" of ¡t's doc! rino. And BO may, anyone, securely, deny tbat eternal fire pt the Judgment to come, which is more effectual for , converting sinners .than the reading; of God's word, which . terrified. Felix in his powerful, wickedness; and Simon Magus in his cunning : impiety. And in this way the great moral ground of divine fear, is cut from under the feet of the unrepflnting, who may. now go on in tbeir way .rejoicing. -. When we gee the foundations of revealed truth thu? sapped and abandoned, after a short' and ineffectual struggle, by those placed on its walls: to . defend them,. muBt wo not be anxious, and 'evetí'weep ? MuBt we not feel diam»yed at contemplating the gu f of . infidelity ; towards which ; the barque, abandoned by ita steersmen, ia evidently drifting? Ho. then refers tb Garibaldi's visit to this country -" an occurraucf (most humiliating to Ohriatianity itselW He saya :- , . ' ;- , .,W,e, leave the ; military ? character of one, who, was made prisoner in battle against his own sove- reign's troops, and who was wounded by a missile from his armoury, to those gallant men wbb never! paid such homage to a Napier or n Oiyde, bat who have ever considered that a soldier's loyalty and honour thould be ns spotless-and as highly bur-, Dished RS his sword. . We leave to our statesmen . of every party to pronounca on the place., to be. accorded in their ranks to one who to-day advo- cates and perpetrates the destruction pf I thrones, and gives public rewards , for the attempted assaa. 8ination of kingsl and tó-morrow exhorta his fellow-snbjecta to rejeot the constitutional govern-! meut of bis country, and centro all authority in a despotic dictatorship. : , But one thing, at least, there is on which we have a. right toi ju^ge, to ' fee', and to : 'speak. Touch -''-religious' matters with scorn and blasphemy, speak contu- maciously of what we most reverence anti love ; and yon touch the very apple of our. eyo, and we have a right to ory a'ocd, with,pain, perhaps! with ; shame. Some months before' his visit, th's soldier and statesman, assuming tho highest poisible position, addressed a-otter." To the English na- tion," dated s eptember 28, 1862. From it we extract the following passage :-*' The .initiafive that to day belongs to you, might not be yours' to- morrow. May God avert this I Who more bravely -took the initiative than France in '80 ?. She who in that solemn moment, gave to the world the god- dess Reason, levelled tyranny., to the dust, «md '^consecrated free -brotherhood between: nations. After almost a century, she is reduced to combat the liberty of nations, to. protect tyranny, ' and to dircot her only efforls to steady on the ruins of the : temple of Reason, that hideous- immoral'monstro- sity, the Papacy." . - " ; i "r': 