NEW ZEALAND. LATER FROM AUCKLAND. The brig Dart arrived at Hobart Town on Wednesday, bringing two days later papers from New Zealand. THE ESCAPED MAORIES—A gentleman who arrived from Nawhal on Thursday night gives us some interesting particulars respecting the escaped prisoners from the Kawau. He informs us that he paid a visit to the Tamabau pa on Tuesday last, where he found between 300 and 400 natives collected, all of whom are well armed with fire- arms. Whilst he was there the rebels received a further addition to their numbers of 18, in com- mand of a well-known friendly chief, of the name of Tawhiti, living in that locality, and who went up with a large body of his followers to visit the pa, all of whom were armed. During the conver- sation that ensued, the rebels positively asserted that as soon as the crops are once fairly planted all the natives in the Kiapara district, with the exception of the friendly tribes, mean to rise. They say that the Governor is "an old fool," and that "if Mr. White makes his appearance there, they will keep him altogether;" also, "that they will allow no missionaries of any description to enter the enclosure." Mr. White, they say, they object to, because "he is a humbug, and is always gammoning them." They say they have no ill- feeling at all against the settlers, but merely, to use their own expression, against "the soldiers, the Governor, and the Government." The Go- vernor they more particularly assert "is bad— very bad." Our informant goes on to state that the Maories possess fully three or four months' provisions, and also an abundance of water, which they procure from a gully in the crest of the hill on which the pa is situated. As our informant was returning, several parties of Maories were seen on their way to the pa, all of whom appeared to be armed.—In addition to the above particulars, we may mention that one of the settlers in that locality has sold off his stock, not wishing, as he remarks, " to keep cattle for the Maories to eat." Three sheep, the property of Mr. Meicklejohn, have been found slaughtered in the bush. The natives are also reported to have killed three head of his cattle. Mr. Meicklejohn went himself to the pa to see them about it; one of the chiefs said that they had been unaware that they were his stock, and that now he had claimed them they would be quite willing to pay for them.—New Zealander, 10th ult. The Southern Cross, in a leading article on 8th ult., asserts that his Excellency the Governor had received from the late Maori prisoners their parole that they would not seek to escape from the Kawau. The Southern Cross of the 10th ult, says:— Owing to intelligence received from Taranaki by the Ahuriri yesterday, an order was at once issued for 150 of the military to proceed there by the first opportunity. The number is to be made up of detachments of the 43rd and 70th Regi- ments, it being determined at first that it should be composed of the 70th alone, but there being only 70 rank and file of that regiment available in Auckland, recourse was had to the 43rd. It is said that these men will leave to-day, if it is possible to provide them with passages, and, as the Prince Alfred is in the Manukau, it is not improbable that they will go either to-day or to- morrow. Their de- parture is, however, to take place without delay. We are not aware of the cause which has led to this movement. It is evidently, however, an urgent, though not, we understand, an alarming one, as shown by the fact of so small a force being sent. It is to be engaged on some special service, and what that special service is we must wait for time to disclose. MILITARY AND NAVAL MOVEMENTS.—We are informed that 150 of the troops are to be em- barked from Onehunga to-day by one of the steamers for Taranaki. It is expected that H.M. ships Miranda and Falcon leave the harbor to-day for the Manukau. The Sandfly is also under orders to hold herself in readiness to leave at any moment; her destination is uncertain. Last night and to an early hour this morning the fires of the steamers were evidently banked up.—New Zealander, 10th instant. SEIZURE OF A MAORI CUTTER.—The cutter Fly, of about 16 tons register, was seized by the customs authorities yesterday, under the follow- ing circumstances—On the 29th August last she cleared at the customs for Cabbage Bay, laden with provisions, and did not return to Auckland again for two or three weeks. She then took in another cargo of provisions and sailed for the Kawau, without obtaining her clearance from the customs. She left Auckland two days previous to the escape of the Maori prisoners at the Kawau, and was seen there the night before they made their escape. On the following day she was missing, and there is but little doubt that the stores which she had on board were taken to the prisoners' encampment at Otamahua. Captain Williams, of H.M. Customs, knowing that the Fly had sailed without her clearance, immediately informed the Government of this illegal act, and received in- structions to seize her on the first opportunity. Yesterday afternoon she returned to port, and, in compliance with his orders, Captain Williams placed two men on board to take charge of her immediately she came to an anchor, and made the master and crew prisoners. We may mention that since the departure of the prisoners from the Kawau the Fly has not been seen in port until she returned yesterday.—Southern Cross, Oct. 8. According to the Gazelle, the Governor has can- celled the commissions of Captain Sir C. W. Bur- dett, Bart., and Ensign. J. F. Naughton, both of the Auckland Militia. A young man of the name of Clarke, an able seaman on board H.M.S. ship Miranda, whilst on duty in the mizen-top of that vessel, fell from the rigging oil deck and was instantly killed. TARANAKI.—The Taranaki campaign is, if at all possible, to be a bloodless one. One vessel has arrived this week with a cargo of commissariat stores, and the Alexandra, transport ship, came in yesterday with 50 horses for the Land Trans- port Corps, drays and other warlike stores, under the charge of Major Turner, of 65th. D.C G. Strickland was a passenger by the same vessel, having come to take charge of the Commissariat Department here. Lieut.-General Sir D. A. Cameron is expected daily. It is un- derstood that he will command in the advance from this end, and that to Colonel Warre will be entrusted the conduct of the operations from Taranaki southwards. The troops at present here (about 700 of the 57th Regiment) are to be reinforced by the 50th Regiment, under Colonel Waddy, and it is supposed also by the 43rd. A road is to be made, but the troops are not to fight unless they are attacked.—Wanganui Chronicle. SERVED HIM RIGHT.—The Marlborough Press Blenheim correspondent gives the following as a "fact." An individual not a hundred miles from the Bush, bent on having a lark, went down a chimney for the purpose of sawing a newly mar- ried couple's bedstead in two, but by some mischance he got "fixed" by an iron bar, and could get nei- ther up nor down. He was rescued by the land- lord, after being for some eight hours in a very rediculous position, who thinking he had received sufficient punishment, let the matter drop. ON DIT AS TO THE SEAT OF GOVERNMENT.— The Marlborough Press gives the following upon the Seat of Government question :—We have been informed from a private source that Sir George Grey has received by the last mail, a communica- tion from the Secretary of State for the Colonies that the question as to the Seat of Government is to be left to his Excellency's judgment, and that Sir George Grey has decided that for the present, and until permanent peace is restored in the North, that the Seat of Government shall remain in Auckland. If this really be true, and we be- lieve there are some grounds for believing it to be so, it is proof positive that the Home Govern- ment has very little faith in the composition of our General Assembly. HIS EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR.—His Excellency, who was present at the Longford Show on Wednesday, returned to Woolmers after the dinner in the evening. From Woolmers his Excellency will, as we have before stated, proceed to Quamby. RIFLE SHOOTING AT DELORAINE.—The Lieutenant-Colonel Commanding Volunteers, N.D., notifies that a prize given by the Warden and Municipal Councillors of Deloraine, open to competition by all Volunteers of the Northern Division, will be shot for at the Deloraine butts on Wednesday, 16th inst., at 10 a.m. INTEREST ON BANK ACCOUNTS.—The Com- mercial Bank and the Bank of Van Diemen's Land announce that they will allow interest on fixed deposits, at the same rates as those pre- viously advertised by the Union Bank and Bank of Australasia. LONGFORD REGATTA.—It is intimated in our advertising columns that all crews intending to compete for the special prize of 10 sovereigns to be given by the Warden of Longford (George Gibson, Esq.), must forward certificates of their ages to the Secretary on or before Wednesday next. PORT SORELL RACES.—A meeting to make arrangements for the Port Sorell Races is to be held at the Port Sorell Inn on Thursday next, 10th instant, at 3 p.m. A SOIREE is to take place at the Corn- wall Assembly Rooms next Tuesday evening. LONGFORD STAR TENT, I.O.R.—The second anniversary of this Tent was celebrated at Long- ford on Wednesday by a procession and tea- meeting. The brethren, among whom were several representatives of the Launceston and Westbury Tents, assembled at about two o'clock, and after perambulating the township, headed by the Longford V. R. Band, proceeded to the English Church, where service was conducted by the Rev. A. Stackhouse. In the evening a tea- meeting took place in one of Mr. Nickolls's stores, when addresses were delivered by Messrs. James Cartledge, J. Sinclair, W. Tyson, jun, and T. Pullen. We may mention that the new banner of the Star of Westbury Tent was un- furled to the breeze for the first time on this occasion. It is the work of Mrs. Simpson (for- merly Mrs. Dean), and is executed with her now well-known skill. IT has been reported to the police that a girl fifteen years of age, named Anne Illman, daughter of a market-gardener residing on the main road near Kerry Lodge, was between seven and eight o'clock on last Sunday evening, whilst on the way from her father's residence to town, where she is in service, attacked on this side of the toll-gate by a man who committed a rape upon her. The matter is being investi- gated. The following is the description given by the girl of the man, whose name is unknown:— Height, 5 ft 8in; age, 60 years; fair complexion, grey hair, whiskers, and beard, small visage, ra- ther large nose, bald on the top of the head, rather stout built, wearing a white straw hat with black ribbon, old black trousers, short black coat, check shirt, and dark waistcoat; the coat and trousers were torn. REVISION OF VALUATION ROLL, LAUNCESTON. —A Court of Petty Sessions was held at the Police Office on Thursday morning, for the purpose of revising the Valuation Roll then in force for the District of Launceston. The following Magis- trates were present :—Wm. Gunn, Esq., P.M. (Chairman) James Aikenhead, John Atkinson, W. S. Button, A.M. Milligan, W. K. O'Keeffe, Jan. Scott, Isaac Sherwin, Charles Thomson, and C. J. Weedon, Esq. The roll was carefully read over and revised. "A THOUSAND TIMES SO MANY MORE." This is a discourse preached by the Rev. W. A. Quick on the occasion of celebrating the jubilee of the Australian Wesleyan Methoddist Church, and has been published by request. It can be obtained from Messrs. Walch and Sons, and is character- istic of the author. It is pointed, polished, and logical. Mr. Quick never indulge in superfluous language. His compendium of Wesleyan doctrine is a good specimen of his power of condensation, "Salvation provided for all men by the Father's free grace through the mediation of the Son and assured to the conscience of the penitent believer by the Holy Ghost." CRICKET.—An article has appeared in the Launceston Examiner, under the title of "Northern and Southern 'Colts' Matches,'' in which the writer trusts soon to hear of his young friends in Launceston preparing for this year's 'Colts' match with Hobart Town. We are enabled to state that our Hobart Town 'Colts, that is, our young cricketers under 21 years of age, will be quite ready to meet their juvenile op- ponents of the North, so soon as they receive the friendly challenge. As a trifling contretemps oc- curred on the occasion of the match last year, we need scarcely advise our young friends to bury this part of the proceedings in oblivion, and to 'let by-gones be by-gones.' Every aid and en- couragement ought to be given to the promotion of this fine old game, and nothing is more likely to do so, than an amicable rivalry between our juvenile competitors.—H. T. Mercury. ACCIDENT.—The only mishap of anything like a serious nature that we have heard of in connection with the fete at Longford, on Wednesday, is an accident which occurred to Mr. James Cartledge whilst returning to town that night after fulfilling an engagement at the Rechabite tea-meeting. In consequence of the vehicle in which he was riding getting into a gutter or water- hole near the Longford Bridge, its occupants had to alight, and Mr. Cartledge when getting from a fence to the ground slipped or fell, and his right leg was broken immediately above the ankle. On the arrival of the party in town the limb was set, and Mr. Cartledge is in a fair way of recovery, although he did not appear quite so well yesterday as on the previous day. MEETING OF PRESBYTERY.—The Presby- tery of the Church of Scotland met in St. Andrew's Church, Launceston, on Wednesday morning. Present—The Revds. James Simpson (Moderator), R. M'Clean, Thos. Dove, Jas. Gar- rett, R. K. Ewing, Dr. Turnbull, Jas. Hender- son, and James Mackersey (Clerk of the Presby- tery). Instructions were given to the Standing Committee to take measures with the view of obtaining an amendment of the State Aid Abolition Act. In- structions were also given to them to prepare an Act to be submitted to the next session of Parlia- ment, defining the true position, status, and powers of the Established Church of Scotland— in fact, giving a legal sanction to its constitution. It was also resolved to initiate a Sustentation Fund for the sole purpose of giving assistance to congregations not receiving State Aid. Some other general business was disposed of, and the Presbytery adjourned yesterday afternoon, having sat three days. TRADE WITH QUEENSLAND.—A share- holder in the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Com- pany writing to the H. T. Mercury suggests "that the most powerful steamer of the whole should be at once laid on at Hobart Town to trade with Sydney, Twofold Bay, and Queensland, calling in at Port Hunter for coals, allowing one month for the trip outward and homeward; in other words, making 12 complete voyages a year. In support of this trade, there would be the natu- ral exchange of climatic productions. Our exports would be chiefly timber (including railway sleepers), pressed hay, grain, potatoes, root crops, fruit, jams, and general merchandise, occa- sionally glutting the market under the operations of the law of supply and demand. Our imports would be passengers (and there is good reason to believe that these would be numerous) for the benefit of their health, or on visits of pleasure, and the various natural productions of a semi-tropical clime, in addition to sheep, &c.; There would also spring up an intermediate trade between port and port. I do not stay to enumerate all the articles that might be profitably interchanged ; but I believe that the trade that would be created would be considera- ble, and not only enrich the company, but largely add to the prosperity of the Port of Ho- bart Town, and consequently augment the general revenue." CRESSY RACES.—These Races are ad- vertised to take place on Monday, 26th Decem- ber. PUBLIC HOLIDAY.—Wednesday next, 9th inst., has been proclaimed a general holiday, it being the anniversary of the birth of his Royal Highnesss the Prince of Wales. A royal salute will be fired by the volunteers at noon, and it is not improbable that a review will afterwards take place, but this has not yet been definitely decided on. .We hear that the Tamar Tug will proceed on a pleasure excursion to the Heads and back. The Rifle Band will play in Prince's Square at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. SHOW OF PRIME MEAT.—Mr. Tankard an- nounces that the finest show of prize beef, prize mutton, and prize lambs ever seen in the island will be on view at his establishment, Charles- street, on Thursday next. THE GHIO FAMILY made their re-appear- ance at the Volunteer Hotel last evening. They will exhibit this afternoon and evening, and make their final appearance on Monday evening. TELEGRAPHIC communication with Ho- bart Town and Longford, was resumed on Thurs- day morning. HOSPITAL AT WESTBURY.—It will be seen from our Country Intelligence in another column, that a small hospital is to be established at Westhbury. NEW ZEALAND EXHIBITION.—We re- gret to learn that the New Zealand Exhibition movement in Hobart Town is not so flourishing as was at one time expected. It exchequer is in a languishing condition. None of the subscrip- tions promised, have yet, we understand, been paid. This should not be the case, considering that the time for forwarding the products intended to be exhibition is now so near. All should be done during the present month, and must in fact be done if it is to be of any use. A month will be quite little enough for the shipment of such things as are intended to be forwarded, and for their pro- per arrangement before the exhibition opens. "He gives twice, who gives quickly," is an adage that holds as much in cases of this kind, as of any other. The friends of this movement should bear that well in mind. Its promoters ought not to be left to sustain it out of their private or individual resources. It is for the public good, and should be supported by the general public. All should help according to their means.—Mercury. CORNWALL INSURANCE COMPANY.—The twenty-third annual meeting of this company was held in the new offices, St. John-street, yes- terday. A satisfactory statement was submitted to the shareholders, and the usual dividend was declared. Messrs W. S. Button and Thomas Corbett who retired by rotation were re-elected directors. THE following is a petition sent to King George the 3rd, by a man named George King, who was sentenced to be hung for murder:— "From George King to King George, Sends this humble petition; Hoping King George will pity poor George King's condition. If King George to George King will grant a long day, Then George King for King George ever will pray." It is needless to say the petition was granted. THE HUON.—The Electorate comprises barely a hundred freeholders qualified to vote.— Thursday's Advertiser. THE CAPITAL OF NEW ZEALAND.—The Southern Cross (Auckland paper) of 8th instant says:—"In our own opinion, the probabilities point to Nelson as the choice. Wellington treated the Commissioners to a great deal of bad weather, and to constant fears of an earthquake. This would tell against her, as they would not like to condemn a Governor to live there. Marlborough might have had a good chance, but there (alas!) one of the great men got hurt owing to a flood. Can we doubt that Picton's chance sank along with the Commissioner's horse? Nelson was alone all that could be desired by the visitors. She was hospitable, pleasant, and very flattering; and in our opinion Nelson will reap her reward, and become the selected spot." CAPE OF GOOD HOPE.—A private letter recieevd by a resident in Launceston by the last mail, dated "Cape Town, August 22nd, 1864," says--"There has been a good deal of excite- here lately. The New Zealand Immigration Scheme has produced a sad mania. The first ves- sel left here last week with upwards of 200 emi- grants on board, all hired from the Cape, and of some of them I may certainly say, the Cape was tired of them. Others, however, were very de- serving, and hard-working people, but could not earn enough to support their families. This part of the colony has been overstocked with laborers. I shall be glad if New Zealand provides a better home for those who are leaving our shores, but the war casts a sad gloom over the prospect.—Of late we have had several bankruptcies and for geries to large amounts, and other very serious fraudulent tranactions, which must result in an increase of our convict population, and in the ruin and misery of many respectable families.—Trade has been very dull, and money scarce. All classes feel the depression, and religi- ous and philanthropic societies suffer in propor- tion. This winter we have found it very diffi- cult to keep our poor supplied with common necessaries. Several times our funds have been exhausted, and we knew not where to go and procure more; but God has signally interposed, and sent us means from new and unexpected sources.—We get the Launceston Examiner regularly and are often interested with its contents. I was particularly pleased with the account of the opening of the new iron bridge at the Cataract, and the en- gineering work was so well described." A COOL ONE.—A Danish officer, who was making observations with regard to the de- viation of rifle bullets, one day, when walking on the ramparts at Duppel, saw a Prussian sharp- shooter taking aim at him. While the soldier placed himself against a tree in order to take a steadier aim, the officer raised his glass to watch the movements. "That is all right," said he; the musket is just on a line with my breast— we shall see!". The trigger was pulled, and the Dane quietly wrote down—" At the distance of about 500 yards the deviation of a ball from a rifle musket is about one metre." FEDERAL MILITARY PUNISHMENTS.—It is a boast of the Stars and Stripes that there is in their army no such thing as corporal punishment. But of corporal punishment there are more forms in the world than one. It is true that I have never seen the lash used, but American ingenuity has not been slow to intent substitutes. A favourite mode of punishment, inflicted by courts- martial, is the old-fashioned torture of picketing, once used in the British army, but long since dis- carded as barbarous and cruel. Its victim is hung by his thumbs to a beam, so that his toes only rest on two pieces of wood driven for that pur- pose into the ground. Thus he remains for from half an hour to an hour, unless, as is frequently the case, he falls insensible, and is carried away to the hospital. Another form of punishment not unlike the cangue of the Chinese, is that of the 'barrel.' A heavy cask, of, from one to one and a half hundredweight, having an end knocked out and a square hole cut in the other for a man's head to go through, rests with its sharp edges on the shoulder of the culprit, who is thus for many hours marched round the camp between a file of soldiers with fixed bayonets. This is described by those on whom it has been inflicted as a terri- ble punishment, for, through to a strong man the weight is at first not great, it soon begins to give great torture, the sharp edges cutting deeply into the shoulder. Indeed, but few get through a long punishment of this kind ; men fall exhausted, and frequently senseless, and are carried to the guard- house or hospital. Not many days passed in Camp Scott without the infliction of these and other punishments upon whole batches of delinquents. During my short stay two men died under the infliction of the cruelties.—Dicken's " All the Year Round." THE Quarterly Journal of Science opens with an article on " The Physical Aspect of the Moon's Surface," illustrated by an extremely in- teresting plate of lunar craters; and puts very strongly the scientific conclusion that there is no form of life, animal or vegetable, of which we have any cognisance, that would be able to exist upon the moon,—where there is " no air, no water, but a glaring sun which pours its fierce burning rays without any modifying influ- ence for fourteen days unceasingly upon its surface, until the resulting temperature may be estimated to have reached fully 212 degrees"; and which is followed by another fourteen days of cold, during which the temperature must sink to 250 degrees below zero! The uses of the moon are, however neither few nor small, being not only a "lamp to the earth," but the agent through which our ocean is saved from becoming a vast stagnant pool, using the tides as "a mighty broom to sweep our coasts," while she also performs the work of a tug in bringing vessels up our tidal rivers." DISCOVERY OF DEAD BODIES.—Upwards of eighteen bodies of children were found in August, secreted amongst some old lumber in a shed ad- joining the Whitechapel parish church. The bodies of several children were discovered in the roof of the parish church a few months back, which gave rise to a great deal of scandal. Some of the eighteen bodies now discovered are without the head, and several are so secreted as to lead to the belief of their being placed there recently.—English paper. At an evening party, a very elderly lady was dancing with a young partner. A stranger approached Jerrold, who was looking on, and said—"Pray, Sir, can you tell me who is the young gentleman dancing with that very elderly lady ?" "One of the Humane Society, I should think," replied Jerrold. 