THE NEW ZEALAND WAR. The Daily Southern Cross of the 21st ult, says :—Cap- tain, Marshall, of the schooner Neva, from Taranaki, 21st ultimo, reports that an expedition, consisting of 500 troops, Armstrong guns, and about sixty drays, left Taranaki on the 19th, for the purpose of destroy- ing the crops of the natives : and that on the follow- ing day, large numbers of horses taken from the rebels had been driven into the town. There had also been some fighting, wounded men having come in. The officer in command at Taranaki had chartered the steamer Susannah Cuthbert, to proceed with soldiers and guns thirty miles along the coast, for the purpose of endeavoring to effect a landing, but did not succeed. The New Zealand Herald of 20th ult. states that the rebellion has assumed a new phase ; and its leaders have elected a new field of battle. Waikato, fed by the factions of every Kingly tribe, has been overrun from Puta-taka, on its western sea-board,, to Maunga- tautari, on the Horatiu. There, the victorious campaign was supposed to have closed, and there truce traffickers were fain to fancy they could work their way. But, whilst we were dreaming of truce, the rebels profited by the breathing time allowed to see how best they might carry on resistance. The result has been that their pas and redoubts, on the Waikato have been abandoned. The interior has been deserted for the eastern sea-board. The broken bands of Waikato are combining with the numerous but unproved warriors of the East ; and we are about to shift the scene of action elsewhere. It is William Thompson’s avowed intention to fight it out to the last, the recent disaster to our forces at Ahuahu having imbued them with fresh courage and hostility to the Pakeha. At the very mo- ment when a self- complacent clique were deluding themselves into the fond belief that their aim and ob- ject—the patching up of another hollow truce—was verging towards fruition—at the very time when Wil- liam Naylor was amusing his dupes, or deceiving himself, with magnificent expectations of a wholesale surrender and submission of Maori-braves—at that very moment we are awakened from our threefold stupor by the intimation that we have been presented with some twenty-nine cripples or incapables, fifty-nine worn out old women and nine unserviceable flintlocks, in Maori acknowledgment of our prowess, and as a testi- mony of how much more agreeable is our Commissa- riat—with all its defects—than that from which our foes have so opportunely seceded. While precious hours have been spent in pompous palaver, the rebel camp has been afforded the opportunity of weeding it- self and providing for its incumbrances at our expense —of shifting their quarters without molestation, and to combine their broken forces with fresh men who have yet to feel the weight of British power. Rewi, supposed to have been severely wounded at Orakau, and to have been left behind, perishing in the swamp, has not only escaped unscathed, but is alive and lifelike, and im- patient for utu for his recent defeat. William Thomp- son, too, who we were assured was not only convinced of his folly but eager to escape from the hopeless strife in which he had involved himself, is still at large and threatens not to wait for our confronting him, but to assume the offensive himself, and with the least possible delay. We make the following quotations from the spe- cial correspondence of the Herald :— TAURANGA, 16th April.—The Kingites have been doing their utmost to procure bullets or lead from the disaffected in this quarter, but have failed, owing to its scarcity amongst themselves. The Waikato rebels, during the attack on Orakau by our troops, were com- pelled to break up their iron pots and fire them ; they say they were completely out of lead, but have plenty of powder. QUEENS’S REDOUBT, 17th April,—Yesterday afternoon the General and his staff arrived here from Ngarua- wahia, having come up from the extreme front by express boats. He intends to establish his head- quarters at Taranaki, whither it is said the whole of the enemy have gone, no doubt elevated by their recent success at Ahuahu. DRURY, 18th April.—This day the flying column, numbering 210 men, under the command of Major Ryan, have left Rhodes’ Clearing for Otahuhu, en route for Taranaki. Tents are also erecting for the accom- modation of one half battery of artillery, and the officers and men of the 70th Regiment, to number in all 700 men, who are expected here from the front ; they will remain here for a few days and proceed on to Taranaki also. QUEENS’S REDOUBT, 18th April.—In my letter of yesterday I mentioned that the 700th Regiment were expected here from the front en route for Taranaki, but since then farther changes in the stations of the troops have taken place, and I am enabled to give the following as reliable information as to the disposition of the forces :—At an early hour this morning the camp was astir, preparations being made by the transport department for the conveying of baggage of the men expected down, a number of carts proceeded to the creek, to be in waiting for the arrival of the 68th Regiment from Koheroa, Meremere, and Rangariri, who were telegraphed for last night to be in readiness for the march this morning, at six o’clock. The Koheroa detachment of the 68th have already passed through on their way to Drury, and the Rangariri and Meremere detachments may be looked for hourly, as all the available boats have been des- patched to convey them down. Though the whole of the men are under orders to make forced marches, it is probable that they will not proceed further than this station to-night, and march as far as Otahuhu to morrow—the whole of their baggage is to be carried for them, so that they will be enabled to make that distance with comparative ease. Last evening a special orderly was despatched to Rhodes’ Clearing, with orders to Colonel Ryan, to have the flying column in readiness to march this morning, at six o’clock, for Otahuhu, en route for Taranaki. I have heard from good authority that a force, of 1500 men is to be concentrated near Auckland by Wednes- day evening, and at once embarked for New Plymouth. The detachment of the 12th Brigade, stationed at Koheroa and Tuakau, have been relieved by men of the I Battery of Armstrong Artillery, as the whole of the 12th Brigade are under orders for the South. The 68th Regiment are to join their head-quarters at Tauranga. Whether they will remain there I cannot tell. The C Battery, R. A., are, I believe, to be quar- tered in Auckland for the winter, so that in case they may be wanted for Taranaki, they may be close at hand. The Defence Force now at Te Awamutu are expected to take up winter quarters at Papakura. It is rumored that the Forest Rangers from the front will also proceed to the South. EMBARKATION OF GENERAL CAMERON AND TROOPS FOR TAURANGA.—A considerable number of troops were embarked yesterday for Tauranga, the new “ seat of war,” whilst Lieutenant-General Cameron also pro- ceeded in the Esk, accompanied by staff-officers Major M‘Neill, Major Pitt, and Lieutenant St. Hill. On board the same ship were embarked the movable column, which arrived in the forenoon from Papakura and Rhodes’ Clearing, under the command of Major Ryan, 200 strong, inclusive of seven officers. This is a body of men comprising drafts of almost every regiment on the station. They left Otahuhu yesterday morning, together with a detachment of the 43rd Regiment, comprising three officers and 115 non- commissioned officers and men, under Captain Glover, who came originally from Queen’s Redoubt and various stations in the Thames and Wairoa districts. These were also embarked on board the Esk. 246 of the 68th Regi- ment, under Major Kirby and ten officers, marched in from Otahuhu, at the same time with the forces just described. These came from Meremere, Whata Whata, and that neighborhood, and were embarked in H.M.S. Falcon, Deputy-Quarter- Master-General Camble and Deputy Adjutant-General Carey also go down to Tauranga in the Falcon, which sailed late in the evening amid much cheering from the Commodore’s ship and the shore, which was returned from the Falcon. The troops were embarked from the Wynyard Pier in men-of-war boats—a proceeding which occupied several hours. Most of the baggage was loaded in lighters from Queen, street Wharf, together with three 6 lb Armstrong guns and, six cohorn mortars in charge of a small detachment of Royal Artillery, under the command of Lieutenant Pickard. Several Armstrong guns of the larger size— 12-pounders—we believe, are to follow. The Esk steamed out of the harbor at four o’clock in the after- noon. At about the same time, another detachment of the 68th Regiment reached the barracks, having had a fatiguing march from Drury which they left about eight or nine o’clock. They left Rangariri early on Monday morning, and 105 non-commissioned officers and men, under Captain Brent, and one subaltern. MILITARY AND NAVAL.—The same paper of the 22nd says :— There were no military movements of any im- portance, yesterday, H.M.S. Harrier, which is to convey further reinforcements to Tauranga, not having arrived at a late hour last night. As soon as her arrival is known, the men now stationed, at Otahuhu will be marched in and embarked, together with the detachment of the 68th now under canvas in Albert Barracks. Detachments of the Military Train and Royal Artillery were expected to reach town in the course of last night. About 100 blue jackets marched into town in the afternoon from Onehunga, having been conveyed from Port Waikato in the s. Alexandra, and landed early yesterday morning by the Lady Barkly. They will go on board H.M.S. Harrier when she arrives, and proceed in her to Tauranga. MORE PEACE-MAKING—REWI ALIVE.—The Cross of same date, mentions that the principal news from the front is contained in a letter from Te Awamutu. Our correspondent informs us that some friendly chiefs had ridden into camp, bringing letters from the rebels, ex- pressing their willingness to agree to terms of peace. It will be recollected that after the evacuation of Orakau, the surviving rebels fled in a south-westerly direction, and it was believed that Rewi, the great Ngati- maniopoto chief, had been shot and had fallen in the swamp. It now appears that the rebels made their way to Rangitoto, about forty-three miles from Te Awamutu, and that Rewi is amongst them, unhurt. Whether the arch-rebel is willing to submit or not our correspondent does not state ; but he says that a com- munication was brought from two chiefs and their tribes, agreeing to terms of peace, and, perhaps, to giving up their guns. That a proposition of this kind has been made voluntarily is not at all unlikely ; but the perhaps about giving up their guns throws some discredit upon the sincerity of their intentions ; added to which is the fact that Rewi’s name is not men- tioned as one of the chiefs who are willing to surren- der. No doubt, their removal from the cultivated dis- tricts that they have been driven from to others less fertile in the production of food has made them consi- derably alter their notions on the subject of British supremacy ; but whether it will confirm them in it 'remains to be seen. It would appear now that the Maori forces have been separated, and that while the escaped rebels from Orakau have fled to Rangitoto, William Thompson and his followers, or a portion of them, have joined the East Coast natives. It is not at all improbable that William Thompson’s absence from Porewa was not to attend the funeral of a deceased brother, as alleged, but to negotiate with the East Coast tribes, and that the korero with William Naylor was to give time to effect that object. The Auckland correspondent of the S. M Herald, writing on the 16th ult., says :— The severe handling which the natives received at Orakau has produced a considerable effect upon them. In the first place, its result was, as I think I men- tioned in my last letter, to make the men who held Maungatautari evacuate it at once. This was a great evil in itself, as no place yet chosen by the Maories in this war was better calculated to afford us an easy victory over them, or to prevent them escaping their fate by retreat. The main body, however, which left Maungatautari, after being joined by the remnant of the defenders of Orakau, did not retreat above three miles, but stopped at a place called Porewa, where there used to be a populous village, and where are still some fortifications, although neither strong nor extensive. The course they pursued there was charac- teristic of people very despondent about their pro- spects. No effort seems to have been made to keep up the commissariat by further raids into the plain country, and the force seem to have been subsisting upon the berries of the taua-tree, which are now in season. This berry is well known as an article of native food when the crops fail, as it is large, and at this time of the year plentiful for about a month. It is, when ripe, of a bright purple color, oval in shape and about an inch and a half long with a hard stone pro- tecting its kernel. The natives eat both berry and kernel, but I cannot believe the berry to be whole- some, while it certainly is not agreeable from the fact that it is as full of turpentine as almost to burn the mouth of the eater. This state of inactivity pre- sented an excellent opportunity for that indefatigable peacemaker, the chief William Naylor (Wiremu Nera), of which he at once availed himself to obtain permis- sion from the General to go and have talk with his countrymen and see whether now they could be brought to any terms. Having obtained leave to go (although in no sense as a Government agent) he started off with a few friends of his own tribe, and stayed a couple of days at Porewa, bringing back word that if the General would send an interpreter he might go and hear a great talk on the subject of peace in two days. Nera also brought a letter to the General asking for terms. Of course, the reply was that only submission would be accepted, and that they would be well treated on their submission and delivery of arms to the General. Two interpre- ters were sent to Porewa1 along with Nera two days after, and they report that although neither Thompson nor Rewi was present, yet, that a number of chiefs spoke, and all counselled submission. One laid down his arms at the interpreters’ feet, but was informed that he must come and do that to the General before it would count for anything. When the meeting was over, the natives, to the number of fifteen men, of whom three were leading chiefs, came over with the inter- preters and Nera, to give up their arms and see Ge- neral Cameron. They had an interview with the Ge- neral, in which they urged him to offer some pledge as to the land of those who submitted. This he refused to do, merely inform- ing them that he was willing to receive their submission, unconditionally, or to allow them to go back in half an hour. After, several attempts to make him give way, they yielded up their arms, and swore allegiance to her Majesty. They were allowed to go about free, and, of course, unarmed in the camp at Pukerimu, and to send one or two of their number to induce the rest to come in and follow their example. I am privately informed that two days ago, 100 came in and gave up their arms and persons to the General. These, however, did not include one man of the Mau- copoto or Ngatiporou tribes of the East coast. No doubt, these powerful tribes will require to be dealt with severely, and as yet they have suffered compara- tively little in the war from battle. I calculate that perhaps 200 will represent the whole loss of these two most powerful tribes, numbering with all their scat- tered hapus not less than 2000 fighting men. Those who have surrendered are the tribes of Lower and Middle, with a few of, Upper Waikato, and the coast lines on the west. Their power, never so great as the others, is now thoroughly broken and gone. They cannot have lost in killed, disabled, and pri- soners less than from six to seven hundred men alto- gether, out of a fighting population of certainly not over 1000 men. The settlement of the Waikato country, beginning from Maungatautari downwards, is about to be commenced at once. The 1st Waikato regiment go furthest up on the Horatiu. The books of the regi- ment show nearly 1200 men, of whom about 150, are men with families. There will be a large settlement near Raglan, of the 2nd Regiment probably, and one at Ngaruawahia, where government is carrying out important works, such as a patent slip for the river steamers, and large sawing mills. The machinery is now on the spot, and will doubtless be soon in working order. The campaign is definitely over in Waikato, so far as movements in force are concerned against the enemy, and the naval brigade has returned to its ships. There will very likely be a good deal of skirmishing during the winter, in the efforts of our rangers and defence force to keep the natives from getting food or from planting for next year. The Governor and War Minister are at the front seeing General Cameron, who is expected to visit Auckland in company with them in a day or two. His presence will almost certainly be required at Tauranga, where the natives have risen in open rebellion. They are all offshoots and near con- nections of the great Ngatiporous, and areas yet 'wholly unscathed by the war. One of their number was shot dead, and his. body taken by our men, on the occasion of an attempt to cut off one of our picquets about a week ago. They don’t seem to care to repeat the attempt, but, to the number of some six hundred or so, are fortifying various positions on the hills round Tauranga. Probably General Cameron will look them up before settling all his men for the winter. From the Weekly News of ' the same date we take the following :— From Waikato, this week, the news is all of peace. A letter has been received from Thompson, expressing his own willingness to surrender, and saying that if his countrymen had been of the same mind as him, peace would have been made long ago. The negotiator has been the well-known and faithful William Naylor, chief of the Ngatimahunga tribe at Raglan. About a fort- night ago, Naylor came to Auckland and had an inter- view with the Governor, after which he proceeded to our head-quarters at Pukerimu, where he arrived just when the slaughter at Orakau and the loss of cultiva- tions and supplies by their successive retreats had brought the Maories into a fit frame of mind for listen- ing to his proposals. On the 7th, Naylor, with sixteen of his people, left Pukerimu for Wharetutere, or rather Porewa, a pa about three miles from Maungatautari, where the rebels took post after their retreat. Naylor was not permitted to enter the pa, but a korero was held outside the same day, and several discussions appear to have taken place during the next two or three days, General Cameron being kept informed of the state of matters by letters from Naylor. On Sunday, the 10th, a message was received saying that the rebels wished some Europeans to be present at the conference, and Messrs Mainwaring and Edwards, interpreters, went up to Porewa, but were not allowed to come near enough the pa to be able to judge of its strength. A great conference was held that same afternoon. The leading men on the rebel side were Mohe, of Waikato, and Ruihana, of Ngatipou, Thompson not having ar- rived from Peria, whither he had gone, it is stated, to visit his brother, who is on his death-bed. Mohe said he was quite willing to give up the land, but if they gave up their arms, Government would make them all prisoners ; Ruihana said they would give up their arms when the Governor came to visit them. On this occa- sion the rebels seem to have had a monopoly of the talk, neither Naylor nor any of his people, saying a word. The same evening Messrs Mainwaring and Edwards returned to camp, and reported to the General. They again left for Porewa on Monday morning, with a message from the General to the rebels that, un- less they surrendered, yielded up their arms, and dis- mantled their pa before the next evening, all the nego- tiations would come to nothing. It may be stated here that, during these visits, ample proof was seen of the scarcity of food in the rebel camp. Naylor, and his followers, while at Porewa, had to be supplied with rations from our camp, although the rebels would, doubtless, have shown great hospitality to such a chief if they had been able. The principal food amongst them appears to have been the taua berry and the taro root, a vegetarian diet not well fitted to sustain in vigor men engaged in warfare, but admirably suited to inspire thoughts of peace. On the afternoon of Mon- day, the 11th, fifteen leading men amongst the rebels, including Ruihana, Kereopa, and Hapurona (of the Ngatiwhauroa tribe), came into camp and delivered up their muskets to the General in token of submission. None of the Maories who have come in appear to belong to Thompson’s people, the Ngatihauas, and Thompson himself had not arrived at Porewa when the party left to make their submission. In giving up their arms, the chiefs stated that they agreed unreservedly to the General’s terms. It remains to be seen, however, whether the great body of the Maories will follow the example of these men. And, till the proceedings of the Governor and Defence Minister at the front are known, the pre- cise terms offered and accepted are published, and the astute Thompson has been seen and his submission obtained, we cannot think ourselves done with the war. From Tauranga we hear of a slight skirmish with the natives. Some of our men having been fired at, a picquet was sent to disperse the as- sailants, and a Maori was wounded, and was reported to have subsequently died. The natives were building a large pa about five miles from Tau- ranga ; but it remains to be seen what effect the news of the recent doings in Waikato will have upon these hostile but not very valiant tribes. The two con- demned Maories, Ruarangi for the murder of the Thompsons at Kaipara, and Okeroa for the murder of a chief at the Bay of Islands, are to suffer the ex- treme penalty of the law on Monday morning next at sunrise. The announcement of their fate was made to them yesterday morning, and they both received it with indifference and asserted their innocence. From the special correspondent of the Southern Cross we quote the following items :— NGARUAWAHIA, 13th April.—On the arrival of the convoy to-day we were surprised to see a party with fixed bayonets advancing behind the carts. At first it was supposed that it was a detachment from some of the stations above. On closer inspection, however, it turned out that they were doing the amiable to three Maori prisoners. The escort accompanied them to Major Roche’s whare, and as they were all “ petty princes” they were shown into the garrison guard- room—the king’s palace. One of them was rather better dressed than his comrades, who were adorned with sacks. Two of them were tatooed, and they all appeared to be well up in years. They came from Te Awamutu, but I cannot give you their destination. When shown into the palace the well dressed individual shed a few tears. He is the native banker, and belongs to Ngaruawahia. I was told this by a man who knew him. He stated that he was a very quiet individual, and was always opposed to the war. The escort was composed of the men of the 18th, 14th, and five men of the 68th, who came down expressly to build a whare for the general. A most important discovery was made a day or two ago, in the shape of a large field of potatoes It is about a mile from our camp, and volunteering parties are making great havoc in the crop. To-day a fatigue party was told off to dig what was left for the com- missariat. ============================== 'THE RICHNESS OF ROAD CLAIMS.—An instance of the wealth that lies in our streets, as accounting for the eagerness of miners to mine beneath the roads, is furnished by a claim in High street, from which, within a few months, £3000 worth of gold has been taken at an expense of £2000, thus leaving a clear £1000 profit. From a claim in another portion of the town, £400 worth of nuggetty gold has been ob- itained within a very short period.—Bendigo Adver- tiser, May 7. BALAARAT CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.—That very remarkable body, without a soul, the Ballaarat Chamber of Commerce, is so very dead apparently that it cannot even be galvanised into life. Mori- bund in every sense for years, it at last got into such a hopeless condition, that its best friends had no faith in it, though, with a kind of reckless hope against hope some of them endeavored to make it at least die decently. But it seems to have expired without the small and decent courtesy of paying its debts, and after several spasmodic struggles it has at last lain quietly down beneath the unmove- able weight of £33 16s 6d due and owing, and, for anything we can see, likely to be owing for an indefinite, period yet to come to its unfortunate but patient and ever- philosophic secretary. Collec- tions were made some time ago in aid of the lamentable condition of the chamber, and the debt was reduced to the sum above named, but the force of the chamber could no further go. That was the dying struggle. A few faint spasms, each fainter than its predecessor, followed, and last night the faintest of all ending in a no-quorum lapsed meeting, only two members being present besides the unpaid secretary, whose almost speechless patience might remind one, but for his sex, of a Niobe all (but the) tears. The two members who were present as the only representatives of the corporate debtor spoke pathetically to the secretary, and offered to take the twentieth part of the responsibility of a bill for the debt if other eighteen could be got to keep them company, and a bank would discount the paper. Or they would head a list of subscribers in aid of the removal of the terrible £33 19s 6d, if the secretary would go round with a list. But as we said before, these were only mild expiring spasms in the body of the thing that had given up its ghost long before. To such complexion has come the representative body of the mercantile interests of the second town in the colony, and all we can hope is, that as the commercial men of Ballaarat seem to have lost all sense of what is due to this embodied reputation, some kindly folk, professional or amateur, will come forward as soon as the explorers’ monument is really finished, and give a performance on behalf of the chamber, and its long-suffering secretary, who cannot get his £33 19s 6d.—Star, May 6. WINEMAKJING AT CHEWTON.—We notice that Mr Meredith, of the British, and American Hotel, at Chewton, has considerably extended his vineyard by the addition of the hillside at the back of the hotel, which is already planted with vines. He has also just had a wine-press built for the purpose of ex- pressing the juice from the fruit, which, by-the-bye, is first crushed by one of Robinson’s grape-crushers. This instrument is in effect, two wooden rollers spirally grooved, and which, by an adjusting screw, can be brought more or less near to each other. The press itself consists of a very powerful wooden frame, with uprights and cross-bar, in which a finely square-wormed screw of three inches in diameter works by a lever, and we believe a power equal to 50 tons weight can be thereby obtained. The crushed fruit is placed in a receptacle formed by four gratings strongly braced together, but which can be separately removed, without any difficulty, after the fruit is pressed. The charge of fruit would be about half a ton. The juice under the pressure exerted exudes through the sides of the chamber or receptacle, running down on to the platform of the machine, and thence through a pipe into the cellar for fermentation. The machine is after the design of one in use by the well-known vigneron, Mr de Dollonde, of Hawthorn. Mr Meredith showed us some must undergoing fermentation. The grapes used were Shepperd’s (Sydney) seedling, grown from seed of the sweetwater. This must had been in fer- mentation for six days, and at a temperature of 55 deg. showed a specific gravity.of 26 by the saccharo- meter. He has also some, as an experiment, working in the open air and light ; this gives about the same result as that in the cellar. There is also a.half- pipe of Hermitage fermenting, which showed by the sac- charometer 16½. Mr M. anticipates being able to make up from ten to fifteen hogsheads of wine next year, besides the grapes he may dispose of other- wise.—M. A. Mail, May 9. NEW RAILWAY WHARF AT GEELONG.— The splendid new railway wharf, to the west of the Moorabool street jetty, is rapidly approaching completion, and in a few days more will be floored up to the edge of Corio terrace. The piles are all driven, and the last ship load of timber required has arrived. A line of rails is already laid down, and at the end of the wharf an immensely strong beam of timber, about eighteen inches thick, has been fixed to act as a check to the trucks. The manner in which the rails are laid will ensure them being nearly as solid as if laid on mother earth. In the centre of the wharf, throughout its entire length, are two rows of strong piles, driven into the hard, the distance between the centre of each pile corresponding exactly with the width of the rails. On each of these two rows of piles are laid two tremendously strong hardwood beams, fifteen inches square, and as hard and solid as rock itself nearly. Besides this, struts and braces of great strength attached to the exterior rows of piles, lend additional support to the centre piles, on which the two main beams rest. Over the latter comes the flooring of 5-inch hardwood planking, and on this, and immediately over the centre of each main beam, runs a line of rails, so that it is impos- sible to suppose that any weight is likely to cause the slightest depression. The new railway wharf is, taken as a public work, the most substantial of its kind we have ever seen, and the work has been carried on throughout, on the part of the contractor, up to the letter of the specification. Mr Dalrymple, the contractor, is just now busy drawing and re- moving the piles and timber from the old wharf, and anyone desirous of seeing the difference in point of strength and workmanship between the wharf erected by the old company and that by the Govern- ment, has a fine opportunity of doing so. Some alterations at the shore end will have to be made after the wharf is completed, which the contractor expects will be in about a month’s time.—Advertiser May 9. 