COUNTRY NEWS. BENDEMEER. (From our Correspondent.) On the 24th instant a general meeting of the members of the N. E. C. C. was held at Mr. Glover's Inn, at half-past 7 p.m., when it was arranged that a match should be played on Boxing Day, and all who could attend practice once a week were requested to do so. Heavy rain fell from Friday till Monday last, when the clouds were all dispersed, and the weather became fine. A man narrowly escaped being burned to death lately, he having rolled into the fire-place whilst.in a state of intoxication. I believe the Postmaster has applied for a money order office here, and is awaiting the necessary books. The laying of the foundation stone of the Bendemeer Presbyterian church, by Mrs. Thomas A. Perry, took place on Tuesday last; the day was propitious and fine. Punctually at the time appointed, the Rev, Thomas Johnstone arrived, accompanied by Mr. Perry, J.P., and family, followed by the children of tbe National School—in all about 150—the whole presenting an imposing appearance. The Rev. T. John stone opened the proceedings with prayer and singing; after which Mrs. T. A. Perry advanced, and in a clear voice said, " I lay this stone, as the foundation stone of a Presbyterian church, under the Synod of Australia, in connection with the Estab lished Church of Scotland, to be designated Saint Andrew's Church, Bendemeer, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Amen. The hon. secretary, Mr. T. A. Perry, having read a copy of the document, deposited it in the jar, intimating that it contained a copy of the the 'Armidale Ex press' and some coins of the present reign. The document, was as follows:—"This stone was laid on Tuesday, the 25th day of October, in the year of Our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of her most gracious Majesty Victoria, by tbe grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith; his Excellency the Right Honourable Sir John Young, Bart, K C.B., G.C.M.G., being Captain General and Go vernor in Chief of New South Wales and Vice Admiral of the same; the Rev, John M'Gibbon, Minister, of Woolloomooloo, be ing Moderator of the Synod of Australia by Mrs. Thos. A. Perry, of Bendemeer; offi ciating Minister, the Rev. Thos. Johnstone, of Armidale and Walcha, in the colony of N.S.W.; Trustees, G. L. Gibson, Esq., of Longford, J.P.; Robert Murray, of Han ing; Peter Blair, William Reid, and John Glover of Bendemeer; Thomas A. Perry, J.P., Hon. Secretary." Mr. Perry, after a few remarks, said it was a matter of gratifi- : cation to him that his wife should have laid the foundation stone of the first church to be built at Bendemeer, although it would belong to the Presbyterians, of which de nomination they were not members. The church they had that day commenced would, he hoped, soon be followed by others, and he trusted that in the meantime ministers of other denominations would avail themselves of the Rev. Mr. John stone's liberal and unbiassed offer, and use it in their " angels' visits." As the father and godfather of Bendemeer, he was natu rally solicitous for the spiritual as well as temporal advancement of his children, and his thanks were due to the Rev. Mr. John stone for much of the former. He trusted the church now in course of erection might prove a blessing to them all, and that their excellent minister would long be spared to officiate therein. The Rev. T. Johnstone, in a very eloquent address, said he should always be happy to allow any minister of the Protestant Church the use of the build ing for divine service. He thanked those gentlemen who had spontaneously rendered every assistance in furthering his wishes, and he hoped others would follow the ex ample of those gentlemen he had men tioned. Mr. Robert Murray expressed his sincere satisfaction at the progress already made towards the building, and hoped it would soon be finished, and tend to the education of the people. After a hymn had been sung, and the benediction pronounced, a collection was made, and the amount de posited was £8 13s. l0d, Bendemeer, Oct. 26th, 1864. GLEN INNES. (From our Correspondent.) During, the past week the weather has been very changeable, from fine to rain and heavy thunderstorms. The country around us looks beautiful. The fields promise a fine harvest, and tbe gardens begin to assume that appearance pleasing to the lovers of flowers and promising abundane&«£vegetables. On Saturday evening the rain again began, and continued all night. In tbe morning we found creeks and rivers flooded, and no mails could arrive. Tbe trustees of the Wellingrove road have held two meetings, but only two attended on eacb occasion—Messrs. Fraser and Proctor. Several tenders for the repairs necessary to the Glen Innes and Clarevaulx Creeks had been sent in. The selection fell upon Mr. W, Clark. We are glad that the trustees have selected him, as, to judge from the various work he has performed already on our roads, we believe the public will benefit by the selection. We had two nights of Professor Kohler, and considered ourselves well repaid for going. The Professor certainly astonished his audience; with his mild and quiet man ner and cleverness tbe tricks he performs are really wonderful. In olden times 1 much fear they would have had him at tbe stake as a sorcerer and one who had dealings with the spirits of tbe lower region. Each night he had a full bouse, having selected Mr. Regan's big building and lighted the large room upstairs. Tbe only drawback was the stair being rather steep and narrow. We hope that our enterprising townsman will soon remedy this inconvenience, as so large a room would readily be taken by any travel ling company for public amusements. The District Court calendar is rather large. I hear of no less than 25 cases being on the list, independently of several postponed or remanded from the last court. We had much pleasure in noticing your leader in the last week's 4 Express' regarding the main road to the coast. Journalists are not apt to form a rash opinion, and no doubt you came to tbe conclusion that tbe Newton Boyd line was the most eligible one after a mature consideration and mucb information. We hail with delight your prophecies re garding our town, but above ail the immense benefit likely to be derived from so large a tract of country as that to tbe West and North-West of us with their traffic to Graf ton. I met a gentleman a few days ago just returned from the coast, having travelled from Inverell to Grafton and back by the Newton Boyd road. He speaks of tbe road as the only one in his opinion which, from its soundness, shortness, and abundance of grass and water, is likely to be opened by tbe Government, He is an old traveller, having gone over many of tbe roads in the colonies, and he decidedly considers it far superior in every way to the others be has seen and heard of to Grafton. He probably will ere long furnish me with a few notes from his journal. If so, I shall have much pleasure in sending them to you. An old and much esteemed resident for many years amongst us has, after a few years' absence, again returned to reside once more in tbe town be has seen grown under bis eye. I speak of Mr. Martin, at one time tbe only resident and storekeeper in Glen Innes. Whether Mr. Martin will again go into business I cannot at present say, but if he does he will no doubt find an ample field to repay him, and those who have known him in business will remember with pleasure their old friend. Another butcher has started in town, Mr. Grieves having obtained a license for that purpose. We will surely benefit by it. Flour is very scarce, and £5 per bag. Drays are daily expected. The mail has just arrived, at 8 this morn ing, the postman having had to swim tbe Beardy River, and a gentleman travelling up with him having had a narrow escape. Glen Innes, 24th Oct., 1864. The weather during the past week has been very cold, accompanied now and then by high winds and rain, and on Saturday last with hailstones. The extraordinary change from fine warm sunny days to tnese cold piercing winds will not, I fear, be very bene ficial to health, and no doubt injurious to the lambing, which is now nearly over. The crops, however, both in the fields and gar dens, have been benefited by these sbowers. One case of drunkenness and disorderly conduct was brought before tbe Bench during tbe week, but it being the first offence the sitting magistrate, Mr. John Ross, ad monished and discharged the delinquent. A hailstorm raged in a most terrific man ner at Strathbogie on tbe 21st instant {the same day that the heavy hailstorm occurred at Armidale), as I have seen a letter ad dressed to one of our townsmen wherein the writer states that "On Friday, the 21st in stant, Strathbogie was visited by a most terrific hailstorm. For about half an bour large pieces of ice fell, cutting up eight acres of wheat just coming in ear and making a complete wreck of fruit trees, vines, and gar dens, and killing ducks, geese, fowls, and a large number of small birds. .Large heaps ot hailstones the size of pullets* eggs remained on the ground 16 hours after tbe storm ' Strathbogie bead station has a most desolate appearance. All the trees from tbe crossing place of the river to the woolshed (half a mile) are completely stripped—scarcely a i leaf to be seen. The trees have the appear 1 ance of having been fired at with bullets. Fortunately our sheep stations escaped. The storm came on at half-past 5 o'clock in the afternoon. Had it come some hours sooner it would bave passed over five flocks of sheep, and no sheep could have lived in such a storm. We had two days' heavy rain and a high flood, but fortunately no damage was done." This storm seems to have passed over several portions of the district, as 1 have been informed by others, doing mbre or less damage. His lordsbip tbe Bishop of Newcastle came to Glen Innes on Wednesday', leaving on the following morning for Tenterfield.' It is his intention to have a confirmation here next Tuesday. Glen Innes, 31st Oct., 1864. INYERELL. (From our Correspondent.) On Saturday, the 22nd instant, the following cases were heard at the Inverell Gourt of Petty Sessions—A. Fletcher and H. Wynd ham, Esqrs., on tbe Bench. (Remanded cases ) Michael Cunningham was charged with uttering a forged cheque for £7 14s. It ap peared from the evidence that prisoner changed the cheque in question at the Mac- intyre Inn. The landlady, Mrs. Morgan, being doubtful of the genuineness of the sig nature, communicated with Sen. Constable Farnsworth, who immediately apprehended the prisoner, caused the necessary enquiries to be made, and ascertained tbe cheque to be a forgery. Prisoner was then remanded till , Wednesday, 26th inst. Thomas Coughlan was charged with utter- ing a forged order for £4 17s. 6d., purport ing to be drawn by P. G. King, of Goonoo Goonoo. Mr. C. Ross deposed that he re ceived tbe order from his storekeeper, Mr Robin, to whom it was tendered; on exami nation of its signature he perceived the ini tials were not as usually placed; bis sus picions being aroused he had . prisoner apprehended; be forwarded the order, which was returned as a forgery. Prisoner, after being cautioned by tbe Bench, stated that he took the order from a hawker who was a stranger to him. He was then committed to take bis trial at the next Armidale sessions in February. James Kelly, charged with uttering a forgery, was again remanded, for the attend ance of Mr. Sullivan, of Fraser's Creek. It appeared tbe summons bad been served, but from some unascertained reason the witness did not attend. (New cases.) H. Morgan v. J. Storey.—For an aasault. Fined £1. . Regina Storey.—For assaulting the police in the execution of their duty. De fendant was fined £5. Christopher West was charged with re fusing to assist tbe police when called upon in the Queen's name. Defendant produced a witness, and also a medical certificate, to prove that he was Aoo unwell to assist This was admitted by the Bench, who ad monished and fined defendant £1 for endea vouring to bring tbe Bench into contempt and derision by placarding bis summons. Tbe weather has of late been extremely hot, during which tbe. surrounding atmos phere has been impregnated with the effluvium of putrid animals. Too much attention can not be given to the sanitary condition of townships.,. Owners-of dead animals should be compelled to remove or destroy them before putrefaction commences, for if the existing nuisance is not abated I am fearful that the coming summer will be pregnant with much febrile sickness. The general desire for rain has been gratified by frequent and copious thunder sbowers, the beneficial effects of which are plainly visible. The herbage has became invigorated, and is as suming its succulent properties. The wheat crop is, with lew exceptions, looking its best, and there is every prospect of a prolific har vest. Tbe Reverend A. Cameron continues to hold divine service every three weeks, on which occasions tbe church is generally crowded. Tbe Rev. J. Wright held service on the morning of the 16th instant, and after noon service on the following Sunday. The rev. gentleman .has been busily engaged in preparing members for confirmation. In verell not being in tbe Bishop's programme, candidates are thus compelled to travel to Bundarra-^-a distance of 30 miles. Heavy rain commenced on Saturday even ing last, and continued with slight inter missions till the. following evening. The creeks are overflowing, and the river Mac intyre is unfordable. Inverell, Oct. 24th, 1864. ASHFORD, FBASER'S CKEEK. (From a Correspondent.) According to the custom of country cor respondents, I must commence with tbe weather, which, 1 am happy to state, has lately been very favourable to our farmers and others depending on the crops. A great deal of rain has fallen in this and the surrounding neighbourhood, accompanied by heavy thun der and lightning. The latter has done some damage to the trees, and several of our forest giants may at present be se n lying in ruins around ns. One of these, a monster measur ing 30 feet at base, was completely rent in twain, and fragments and splinters were burled many yards off. A great rush has set in to Canal Creek, and all reports received up to the present time have been favourable. As many as thirty persons per diem have passed this town during the week, all bound for the mines. Many of these parties have come from the Hanging Rock, Bingera, and other gold fields, and I am informed by them that no fewer than 1000 persons left the Pipeclay diggings a fortnight since en route to the rush. I refrain from lengthy comments until I hear further particulars. A most extraordinary elopement has lately taken place. An elderly lady, well con nected and known to most of the residents here, suddenly left her home and family, and, without waiting to bid adieu to husband or friends, mounted her horse, in company with a young man who had evidently become ena moured of her, and rode off. The distracted husband rode off in puisuit, and on arriving at this town obtained the assistance of the police. The search, however, proved in effectual This depraved female has left a large family of grown-up daughters and small children to lament their loss. The above is one of the many cases which so often occur In the bush. Comment on it is un necessary. Such are a few details of the circumstances which have destroyed the domestic peace of a oncti happy home. We have lately had a visit from several travelling musicians, some of whom gave a few entertainments in the town. They, like the rest of their brethren, were all bound for Canal: Creek. Among the strange circumstances which have lately occurred in this vicinity, perhaps the - strangest is that of a cat which gave birth to- a kitten having two heads, one of tbetn having the shape of a calf's head, while the other was perfect. The kitten died shortly after its birth, and was shown for several days afterwards to those persons who might be sufficiently curious to desire a sight of it. Trade appears improving, and our t< wn bids fair $p go ahead. Mr. Slack, of Buk kulla, has removed hither, and is about to open a new store here; and another public house will shortly be opened in the town ship. I bear that the Bukkulla players have challenged the Armidale players to a match at cricket, to come off at Bukkulla or Ban nockburn Plains. An answer, however, has not yet been received. Should the Armidale players refuse the challenge, it is the inten tion of the Bukkulla men to send a further challenge, of 11 players on their side to 22 of the'Armidale men. October 20th, 1864. NOWENDOC. (From our Correspondent.) A few days since a memorial passed round for signatures in reference to our post office being re-established at the end of the year. It was numerously signed by inhabitants here and on stations on the postal line of route. It is hardly doubted but that the Postmaster General will see the urgent ne cessity of this office. The memorial and other papers were forwarded to head quarters on the 15th from our nearest office hence (Gloucester). ■„ It is to be remarked that thus early in the season an extraordinary number of snakes are to be daily seen. Much caution is re quisite,- as in case of being bitten remedial process is hard to be obtained, and the ma jority are totally unacquainted with any kind of remedy to be used in cases of bites from snakes. The weather is remarkably fine, and of warm temperature, almost summer beat. We are led to anticipate a dry season. Crops in the vicinity are looking well, and gardens much improved. The hon. member for New England will no doubt be in his place in the Assembly, and attend to our requirements, especially as to the condition of the roads hence to wards Walcha and by the down route to Gloucester. The latter especially requires to be seen to from the fact that in the '64 estimates the road appropriations did not contain any vote or sum to be expended on what could be made a trafficable line, even at the cost as estimated per mile. Herbage is much improved in many parts. October 17 th, 1864. 