NAPOLEON'S GREAT CONGRESS SCHEME. The Emperor of the French is intent upon the pacification of the globe, and is adopting . measures for the purpose which cannot fail to bring about fresh disturbances. The new state of things he is unconsciously urging into shape is a league of small States, whose function it will be to deliberate upon tne map ot tne large states, it is as ii tne oysters and the mussels and the shrimps were to enter into a combination for parcelling put the dominions of the whales and the sharks, and limiting the waters in which they should be at liberty to swim and devour their prey. The design may be entitled to the highest commendation on the score of good in tentions ; but in political life good intentions that are impracticable are usually found to be mis chievous, and this benevolent project certainly does not promise to be ah. exception. A European Con gress without "England, Prussia, Russia and Austria, would very much resemble II anil et, with not only the Prince dropped out, but the Ghost, the Queen, and Ophelia, aud nobody left on the stage but the: auxiliaries and the walking gentlemen. Yet this is the experiment the Emperor is intent upon trying. Mi-Drouyn de Lhuys has addressed a circular to the foreign agents of the Freuch government suggesting a programme for bringing together such of the Powers as unreservedly assented to the original pro posal. This meeting is confessedly a gathering of minor potentates. Even M. Drouyn de Lhuys does not attach to it the weight, or importance, of a European Congress, but thinks that it may he use ful in an inferior degree. How, he does not attempt to show ; nor would it he easy to discover in what way the decisions, or recommendations, of such an assembly could exercise the slightest influence upon the conduct of the great Powers. That they may open Hp new discords is highly probable. The most insignificant person possesses more means of inflict ing injury, than the most powerful person can com mand the means of doing good. See what it is that tempts Spain into the council of Sovereigns— tlie hope of getting back Gibraltar, which she is under stood to; be ready to demand. Greece may go in from vanity or even more politic motives ; but whatever may bring her there, she will inevitably have something to say about Corfu. These are small things, no doubt, but they are calculated to ruffle the surface, and to produce discussions that it would he more prudent to avoid. . If this petty Congress cannot be productive of any actual result s common sense points out the wisdom of suffering it to die a natural death. — Home News, A Scene in Court. — A the court of petty sessions held at Harrow, on the 12th inst., in the case at the instance, of Laidlaw against Grassie, a fracas occurred between the chairman ofthe Bench (Mr Charles" Officer, of Mount Talbot) and the defendant's solicitor (Mr Horatio Nelson Powell), which afforded some merriment to a ; very " crowded house." The following is the altercation verbatim :— i Mr Powell to Mr Officer : Pray Sir, are you here as a judge or merely as an agent for the prisoner ? Mr O. : Pray, Sir, are you here as an attorney or merely as a poor solicitor ? . " . Mr P. : I am here as a gentleman/ and 'will compel you to respect mc as one. " Mr O. : Don't you think I am a gentleman ? Mr P. : I reserve my opinion on that subject. Mr O. : I am not prejudging the case, i Mr P. ,: You are leading and prompting tho witnesses. Mr O.,: But you have uttered insinuations about perjury on the part of the witnesses. Mr P. : Insinuations, eh ! No ! I have charged some of them openly and publicly with wilful and corrupt perjury, and I will charge them again ; and I maintain that there never was such an appearance of cross- swearing in so short a time in any court I ever sat in. Mr O. : I am not on oath ! Mr P. : You are, Sir ! Every magistrate is sworn to do justice between man and man ; and yet it is apparent, palpable, to the whole of this crowded court, that you are leaning to the prisoner. Mr. : I don't care one straw for you 1 Mr P. : I will bring your conduct. Sir, under the notice of the judge, if this casegoesfor trial ; and I can see plainly that it will go, although there is nofc "one tittle of evidence against my client. Mr O. : You may fill up a whole ream of foolscap and hand it . to him. Write my life for the benefit pf his honour. Mr P. : The whole o.f your little life, Sir, could he engrossed on the side of a four penny piece — "Lived, laughed and died " is the epitome of it. At this juncture some wag in court called out, " A ring ! " Constable Nolan, who seemed to be balancing himself pretty well, bawled out " Shylance ;" the other magistrates interfered, and the fracas ended without the arbitration of revolvers. — Border Watch, Feb. 5. " Well," said a Yankee, proudly, to a travelling Scot as they stood by the Falls of Niagara, " is not that won derful ? In your country you never saw anything -like that!'' — " Like that," quoth the latter ; "there'sa far mair wonderful concern nae twea miles frae whar I was born."— " Indeed," says Jonathan ; "and pray what kind of a concern may it be V'— " Why, rnon," replied the other, "it's a peacock wi' a wooden leg !" 