THE SGR&AFTOS; ESTATE. {X TRUE STORY.) Fnrv-ey Wilson, articled clerk to tie firm of Gsah, Son, And Company, was returning to 'tis lodging* one dismal November evening with bis especial choxu, Fred Miller, his oo-derk, -with wht-m ako lie lodged, -when, us they entered the boose, Hudr landlady met them in the little entrance-hall, with an ominous-looking bine euvelope in her band. ' A letter for yon, Mr. Wilson,' arid die. 'Hallo: what's up now?' raid Harvey, taking the letter, and hurryin^to the lamp id ili'-ir cosy ntang-room. .'Congratulate me, Tied, old boy ; -there's that jolly old godfather of mine, old Jack Harvey, gone, and left me a fortcce. This is s-. letter 6om old Barlow, the lawyer; he vonld like to see me as soon as convenient, which will be to-morrow. I shall see goverjior Gash, and be off at once.' 'Hooray, old fellow.! I ain delighted to hear it,' exclaimed his friend Miller. ' ' What ? is the sum total ?' ' Tic Schrapton Estate,' was Harvey's re lily ; 'that is all the fellow says. I don't know where it is. Suppose I must wait and see.' 'Cnrtly expressed, I most say,' said Fred, \-- laughing. Accordingly, the next morning raw Harvey posting away as fast as the train would carry him to the town of B ? -, in S — shire,' where Mr. Barlow resided, who smiled when the eager face cf the young man was presented at his office the morning after his arrival. He be- ? gan to explain that the Schrapton estate 'was situated about thirty miles from the town of B — , and ought to be worth -about one thousand pounds. ' . ??????'?:?? [ 'And why isn't it racked Harvey. .. -- 'Because,' caitl the lawyer, 'the mansion on' the property is said to be haunted. Several people have taken itr but no one has remained more than a few weeks ; in fact, it has not been occupied now for some years. An old couple, named Feat, live in the kitchen part with their son, but the rest of the house is fell ing sadly out of repair. . The late Mr. Harvey resided always in London.11 ' What a lark !' exclaimed the yonng man ; ' I .don't believe the least in ghosts. I shall go there myself.' ' I wish you every success in laying the un easy spirit,' said Mr. Barlow, who proceeded to explain some other points to his yonng client, OUU W1CU IV UUDU AJU11 |£UUU JUUfUWg. Harvey next paida, short -visit to his widowed mother and sister, who congratulated him od his good fortune, but endeavoured to dissuade him from his intention of taking up his resi dence in ,the haunted mansion. Harvey only laughed at their argument*. ' At least,' said] his mother at last, ' do not go alone; have you no friend who would ac company you ?' 'That is well thought of, mother,' said Harvey ; 'I will write to Fred Miller to meet me there ; il will be great fun to have him.7' So saying he despatched two letters, one to his friend Fred, acquainting', him with the cir cumstances, and asking, him to join him at Schrapton on a certain day, and another to the old man who lived at the place, bidding him sir some of the rooms for their reception. This done, he waited impatiently for the appointed day, and selected a pair of the best pistols he could procure, in readiness for the expected en counter, and in due time be arrived at Schrap ton. It was' certainly a dismal old place, buried in over-grown trees, and surrounded on one' side by a damp, unhealthy moat. ' Plenty for me to do here,' thought Harvey. ' It is not at all to be wondered at that a ghost, out of lodgings, should take npiiis abode here. It is the very place for one ; bet I will try and make his quarters less congenial.' . Old Peat now made his appearance, and Harvey inquired if any one lad arrived, or if there were any letters for him. The old man replied in the negative, and Harvey entered the house, the inside of which corresponded with the exterior. Large, gloomy rooms, tilled with handsome, but old fashioned and decaying fur niture, and long passages throngh which the wind whistled drearily. Even Harvey, with all his contempt for. superstitions credulity, could not forbear shuddering; Moreover, *the gloomi- ? ness cf the day added to the dreariness of tilings, for it was a cold raw fog. Feat's wife hod lighted a fire in one of the smaller rooms, and Harvey gladly saw prepara tions for dinner going oh. He asked the old man to show him what bedroom had been pre pared for him, and said he would postpone the examination of ibe rest of the house till the next day. Feat showed him a room in one of the wings of the house. It was hung with dark moreen, moth-eaten and faded ; spite of the large fire also blazing there, the room looked debolatc, and Harvey found himself wishing why he had not already arrived. ' I had this got ready for the gentleman as we expected with you,' said old Feat, opening a door a little farther on, and displaying an apartment very similar to the one Harvey was to occupy. ' Ah, well, beep it aired ; perhaps he may come yet,' said Harvey.. 'By-the-by, isnt there a ghoBt said to run loose somewhere about the house!' - : ' Well, sir, I have heard so,' replied .Beat ; 'the gentlefolks, as have been in the honse, have all been frightened more or or less. I can't eay as how I or mine ever see anything.' \- - ' Have yon heard anything, then ?' asked Harvey. - , ' Well, sir,' was the ready reply, ' there are - qncerish noises sometimes, but I can't rightly say what it is as makes them. They don't hurt me, however.' ' Owls, of course,' said Harvey. '.May be no, sir,' said the old maa. 'I never heard an owl, though, makeench Bounds'; but, mayhap, there are different lands. Would yon like your dinner now, sir? ' ? 'Ay, to be sure,' said Harvey ; ''Iam'vfeiy hungry.' A tidy little well-cooked -dinner was soon placed before Harvey, to which- he did. ample justice ; and then, placing himself -in an old fashioned eaey chair before the -fire, he began to plan what alterations he would make in. bis new possessions to render them more habitable ; but he was soon interrupted by the old man, who came to inquire if he or his -wife could do anything more for him that night, m they were on the point of retiring to rest. 'No, thank yon,' said Harvey ; 'I «ni about going myself^' ? ? - ' Good night, sir,' said the'old' man ; ' I wish you a good night's rest.' .. . Harvey, sat a short time- longer, and than ascended to his chamber ; -he made (rp the fire, pat his pistole under his pWoWw laid down, and Boon fell into* eonnil sleep.. How Ions he had Elepthe conld not tell, but *e awoke suddenly with -the impression thatire had heard a noiso ; he sat tip in bed; the-fire was dying:«nt, but there -were no signs -ofmofeung light; helooEed at his watch ; it was jnst.two o'clock. He-was about to compose himself to «leep again, when a faiut sound aroused him; it waa like the -dis- tant cry of some person in difitress. Be listened; intently ? it came nearer ; a^ongwailingcry, nuw dying away, then rising agto, tail it ended in-a piercing shriek, which. Beamed (to rfee. at his very door. Harvey sprang from his beVf seized -a pistol, and opened :the door; -but' n-*' thing was to be«en ; he ventured * Jew steps down the - long- dark gallery, -bat' he neither* heard nor saw anything ; he turned back to Iris room; lra*-wa», startled, beyond measure, »»^ij» crossed tiie threshold, \ty lie same -tfkui&k;''Qiyv proceeding. apparentibj^^Qm. tfe©-veiv be£- ne rn&beoV; 'towards' xt^ '-Qxaszrrjtctt' vrery *vomer| shook the enrtains, butlipUunff could he disco ver.- Again- hs heard :it-- itfis time ? it -came from the groond beneatb.:his,feet; it was above him, behmd'him, around him ; tie whole nkim seemed fflled wjjji it j at last it died away, in a For a nuanteor*-Wo^J*4^iiw«t aghast. He then proceed to search every oomer of his momine came W^riniWinds tot doom and wiid^or-enmg;-Wia^'^vinc«d*iBi fli»iaieH old people or theiM0Al4*JiWitteng,;h#grew neTiffllTnneo^W'ffiBS6(tttU^,lie^ou^u^mflJlff table, wHchWM^plrea^ireaa*urt»*lfitter from Xt&mmkimiS;^fa* t* **«*«* able toytia^i^^amko'iiirKiagai^M ' oT-'a *SgTi«it itant*: Oe^hM finished ius letter wfceM& old «an'» wifebroogbt in W» bwsk ftst, ?-.. ,.,-, .^.;,..'fB ??.-.. .,;-'?:-.v.,;-f 'My friend viUtbe-here to-morrow, Mrs. Feat,' said Harvey ;. . ' you had better keep the room well aired.'. '? . . .??-.? ' ' Yes, sir,' said the ; '.and I hope you foondeverythingcoaifoitablc last night I took great care that the bed was well aired. , I hope you rested well, -sir.' ? - , ,'. The woman was a jileassnt-epoken civil per-! eon, considerably yonnger than her bnsbond.. Nevertheless, Harvey/felt, reluctant to mention what he Lad heard the previous Jught j jo he ', merely rtplied, ' Oh, yes; Wt I never sleep, very well in a strange bed at first.' ., As soon as Harvey had finished his breakfast he went in search of .the old man, who was to conduct him uver the grounds and such part of the house as he had not seen. On ins way he had enconntered the younger Peat, whom he. hadjuot before seen.'', Harvey had once thought' of inducing' the young 'man to he3]- him in en dearouiiDg to discover the origin of the«xtraor dinary noises he -had heard,; but one glance was sufficient to shake his resolution. ? The man was short, and. delicate- looking, almost to effe-' minacy, but the «xnressiori of his face was most peculiar, and very repulsive. However, Har vey stopped ; and addressing him, . asked if there was any conveyance to be had. that he could send to the nearest station, about 'four, miles oSj to meet bis friend. . The man replied shortly, 'That they had a. light spring cart; that was all.' ' Oh, I daresay that will do very well,' said Harvey. , -.-..., Young Peat made no reply, but turned away, as though determined not to hold any further conversation. H13 father now came up, and led Harvey over the gardens and shrubberies. The_ pleasure grounds were in the most deplorable' state, overgrown with rank 'crass and weeds, and the shrubberies 'impassible' for the brash- l wood and rubbish that had grown Dp and choked them. . : 'Are there any krtehen; gardens f. asked! Harvey ; 'or are they in the same state of ruin as these.?' ' ? ? ' .. 'Why, no, sir; sot quite,1' replied the old man ; my son and I have kept them a bit in order; we had the nee of them for living in the house, and taking care of it' They now returned to the house, and Harvey more carefully examined the rooms; the ?walls were almost all- covered with old .paintings, jiost of them portraits. One in particular took Harvey's attention. It was the foil length por trait of a lady, the , size of life ; the oval face was pale, and the large dark eyes had a melan choly expression, while the long black hair hung in a peculiar style over her neck and shoulders. . *' Ay,' Baid old Peat, seeing Harvey looking at the painting, ' there is a, sad story about her, poor thing.' ' What is itf asked Harvey. ' Why,' slid the old man, readily coDCOcting a story, '* they do say as how her husband grew tired of her because she had no children ; and lie wanted to marry' some one else ; so he behaved very -bad to her and one night she disappeared. He said he believed she had run away wita somebody ; 'but two days after her body .'was found in the moat and then he said she was insane, and had drowned' herself; hut nothing was ever proved agen him.' ' 'How chocking! poor creature!' said Har vey ; 'she may well look sad.' They finished their sorvey of the house just as it was growing dark, when Harvey said he was ready for JliDner. ' . . , That night, whenHarvcy-wtiit to hia chamber, he determined not to undress, but to lie down on the bed in his clothes, so as to be ready at tie first alarm ; but, in spite of himself, lie felt a degree of nervousness, -which he in vain strove to shake oE. At last, however, he fell asleep. , . ; Again that fearful cry sounded in his ears, and he started up ; this time, however, a sight met his eyes which appalled him. In the mid dle of the room«tooQ a figure, visible, not bo much by the Sim light oi the ember* on tbe hearth, as by a faint quiierrng light, which teemed to proceed from and play, all round it Summoning all his courage; 'Harvey snatched up. one of its pistol*, and exclaimed, 'Who is there t IS you do not speak I will fixe. — One, two. three !' He discharged his weapon; fee was sine the bulletluidxtmck ila mark ; but the samV-tow' wailing cry was all tbe effect it -seemed to have had. ..WitS an unsteady hand he seized the other pistol, and taking direct aim, fired again. This time he beard the ballet slide off, and mil harmless to the floor. The figure -hitherto had : seemed to have its . back towards him ; now it '. turned slowly round, and the blood' froze in his veins as Harvey recognised the pale face, dark eyes, and long Sowing hairof tUeTonhappy lady whose history he had heard the day before. | The eyes were wide .open, a^nd had a fixed, glassy stare, as they seemed iizsd on him ; and the hair looked dank and wet, as though Bator- . ated with water. Uttering its melancholy cry, it gh'ded towards the foot of the bed. Harvey could bear no more ; he strove to cry out, bat his tongue clave to his moutii ; covering his face with his hands, he fell back on the bed in BensiUe. . . ' , . ' It was brfcht.daylight .when JIarrey opened his eyes. He sat np, and recalled the horrors of the. previous night. .One thinglie was firmly resolved upon, |ii&t; nothing should w^m* hxin to pass snehanight wain.- He wonld consult wifliPred, whom Ire determined to go alone to meet, and they would form some plan for their future proceedings. . , . ' Harvey saiil nothing to the Peats ot what kad occurred; bnt waited imiiatientJy tall anch time as he should Bee Frei Arrived at the station, be gave his horse in charge to a boy 5 and as soon as Fred jumped oat of .the train, :Harvey took bim aside, nod in as fBir word! as ponible told him,aU that -had happened. Fred looked vetygraie. .' , . .. ; .-.:=. - ? . ..... 'You are quite Bute,' he asked, 'that you were .wide awake; that it was no nightmare taking the form of what you heard during the day?' . . ? ,. . 'Quite enre,' replied Harvey; 'perfectly aurel'' . . . ' Then,' said Fred, Tam'sure*hatforBome purpose or another, -there is some diabolical trickery going oq. I should- -hink there is fa policeman or constable to bc^iad ; we will take nun into oar counsels ; and my plan' la this : yon shall wait till it is nearly dusk, and then drive us as near a* poisibleto the house with out fear of detection t we Mill get down and you shall go on alone, profeaBtng'^b Sien Feat* that I have not arnyed. ? Tou vWL probably find Bontenteans of admitting as secretly tb tbe honse, and we will cpneealonraelveB*bont jfour room ; Uien,iryon*jr}6itiint«giui makesius or her appearance, it shall 'not be onr fault rif it remains nndispovrred of what'rnbstaora this ghost is eorojwsed,' . , ? '*.V *- ' ? ? ' . ? : /SCapitoJ,Fredj let Mrjose notimeinsettibg : 'On^u1r^^';in£^Dej tn-^%: town bemg-anthin mro« milf.-tbere was a sort «r lively to what hadrWfeijdjce, and at onoe ^''f^^S^^^J^h- ? -s~: -.; -,-??..' * ieutance in.jny j^j^/^^^t^l^wjiSin, imarrelloas tale* X have heard ^of jtoe.oS n)illw anqniry SI'-JBP^*00/^^1^ ^^'^ '4)9aV^v^iBt 1f em-1 seiide there I JMH'msto;iEn%rmr«i'J irinTI fee 'pup f ff 'itliftffi'W'Ofa'iy^p jjiht ft jftftHT.'ft^iiftl'*1~r «a» UiattheaajP^ *BOWvwhe».^4atend '':''f:-:-' ':- '''V::-:[^ ? ??'?'??? :.:.v':':; .' They now. prepared .for Ijielr .expedition ITarvey carried out his plan adroitly. Hcpro ietsed neat enooy oqco to' the old man that his friend h^ not arrived j and tlien, Jedaring'teiat ft «ra- Eplopely np in' the old chambers by him self, he announced his intention of sleeping on the conch in the .room downstairs. The old man' made' no opposition, and, having placed the dinner on the table, left the room. Harvey liaa pointed out the windows of the library to his' friends, and, as soon as he was alone, he at once admitted and concealed them, providing them' with such refreshment as he was able. ' The 'boure seenjed Tery loug to Harrey, and he Was beginning to fear that they would liave no opportohity of roaTaog any die- : covery, when once mere that wild and plaintive cry troke on the stillness of Ibe oigfat. In spile of the presence of his friebas,' Harvey felt his blosd begin to creep ; and he trembled from head to foot when he once more' beheld the figure to -appear, as it seeme3, from the side of the walL It glided into the middle of the room, repeating its iuournful cry, or rather win ; but no sooner vae it fairly 5n the apartment, than the closet door opened ^ and, with equally noiseless tread, the three men made their appearance. Fred moved fo the place whence the figure had entered, to prevent any escape by the same place, while Horton rapidly, bat silently, stepped up behind, anS laid his power ful grasp on the disturber of Harvey's drenms. A wail; which it wa$ about to utter, was sud denly turned into a very unspiritaal oatli, and when tbe policeman, with professional adroit he»b,: seized and enclosed the bands in a pair of handcuffs, it struggled and strove violently. A few minutes sufficed to remove a wax mask, made to resemble the portrait cfihe oolinppy laxly before mentioned, as well as a wig of long dark fcair, which had beeft 'dipped in water to increase the resemblance of the supposed drowned woman ; and then stood revealed the crestfeJIen features of the younger Peat! . 'Just what I expected, when 'I heard tbe terms on which youliyed In this house,1' said Horton. — '* Peat, by Jorel' exclaimed Harvey. 'Yon infernal scoundrel!' said Fred; 'I should -uncommonly like, ~to thrash yon until there was not a whole boins in your body.' - The wretched man, flndibgthathui schemes were discovered, fell 00 his kneet before Har vey and implored hit forgiveness. . 'I will promise 'nothing until you Lave told me everything,' said Harvey. 'In the first place, how did you contrive to make those noises come from all directions?'' A faint smile crossed . the fellow's sullen countenance; and, without making any reply; be' partly turned his ' back on bis questioner, and even Horton started for a moment when a low wail was heard to proceed from the chim ney- ?'.'?.' ' The fellow is a ventriloquist,' said Horton, 'anda good one too.' . Peat now confessed that it was the discovery of Jhe-possesEion of this gift that first tempted him to pursue tbe course he iad done. At first it was' merely done for. his owe amusement ; and then, finding that it' was 'to their own interest to keep the Hall uninhabited, they, that is, he and his parents, had arranged their plan as it had been carried out upon Harvey. The old man ignored the tales of ghosts heard and seen and yet took care' that the intended victim should cee the portrait, and hear the tale he attached to it. A mask was procured that bore as much resemblance as was necessary to iden tify the ghost with the plclnre, a pair of large dark glass eyes adding to the likeness, also the long wet hair. The mother had arranged the dress, which was loose and flowing, and, being Tabbed with phosphorus, had a most: super natural appearance in the dark ; while, under neath it, he wore a suit of armour, borrowed ?from an old collection in the house, well padded ion the ontside, in case' any hero, like Harvey, should like to try the use 'of fire-arms. This had bf-en ihe most successful part of his dis guUe,j.as oace before pistols had been tried, an3, being found to be' of no effect, the appari tion was at once pronounced to be not of tins worldi! ; Harvey was to delighted at the unravelling of this plot, that he consented .to .take no fur ther . steps in the matter, provided the whole family of Peats, father, mother, and son, at ^HiceleRi the plao& whiclL was tfaanknilly agreed to.' ; - ? ' ' The fine old Hall was soon restored to its former state, and its inhabitants were never again disturbed try drowned people taking noc 'tnrnal BtroUs.- . ? ' Some few years after these events occurred, Harvey took -his wife arid children. to hear a celebrated veatriloqrrB*.' The -performer was an old 'man- r but H«ryey had little difficulty in recognising his old: friend — the usurper of the Schrapton Estate. , M. A. B. 