ENGLISH AND FOREIGN NEWS. [FROH OCH LONDON COllllESI'OXDENT.] London, 30th October, 1883. Mu. Lunn, tho eminent shipbuilder of " scrow rams," and A loloma celebrity, has delivered an ablo Bddress to the Volunteers of Birkenhead on tho subject of our national defences Having snt for two or three hours a day for two or threo days a week during two eeseionB of Parliament on a committee appointed to inquire into the merits of the Armstrong gun, the hon member bas a right to speak with tomo ouihontt, and (his is Iho conclusion at wh cb. he arrives - '. I was satisfied that prac ically £2 600 000 had been spent on that gun, and that vre had cot got valus for our money " Ho thought tbo appointment of Sir TV Atrastroig as Engineer in-Chief of Killed Ordnance detri- mental to ihe public eervlco, inasmuch as it excluded from competition euennunns Vbitwoith, Blakeloy, and othor», whoio inventions have done mu"b for iho ecientilic develop- ment of guns. He quoted Mr Whiflln, the Accountant Gencral, io prove that had tho work dono by Iho Elswick Ordnance Company (Sir W Aini'trong's firm) b»on done at the Woo'wich tun faotory. tho couutry would ha\ o Hived £210 000 on an expenduuroof £600,000, and he ask*, " What would have been tho saving on an expenditure of £l,COO0CG He also quoted the evidence of the Duko of Somerset to show that (he old C8 pounder, at a short range. Is moro powerful, and strikes a hardor blow than au Armstrong 100 powder With regard to »hip», Mr Laird prefers tho cupola sjBtom of Reed and Colo to the " broad tides " and laments that during tho lost threo yeera wo spent on ships which are not up 'o the mark no loss tbnn lioru £30 tOO 000 to £33 000,000 ' He exprosecd himself in favour of enoouinging the construction of ships in private dockv aids, but regards tbo maintenance of Government dockyardo for the carne purpose as indispenBablo. Ho made no si usion to a subject on which tho publio -would have liked eomo information-viz, the detention by Government of tho celebrated steam ram?, though he reieirid to the Alabama without re°ervo, and teemed decidedly proud that hiß firm had turnod out tuen a formidable cruiser for tho Con- federate States Captain Inglefield, on tho part of Government, has taken possession of both rams with an armed força, h's officers wearing eld»-arms, and marines tarrying i flee, and Meeers Laira have protested against the proceeding Jhstoi tats the woll-known writer in tho 1 wies, alleged m a letter ihe other day that the real reason of the recent withdrawal of Mr Mason, the Confederate Commiesloner, was to walvo loqulry relative to the rams. Mr Lindsay, M P , contradicts this He says-" Evory perron conversant with the tone of publio sentiment in tho Southern States must bo aware that tho people there have I been very Indignant ut tho refusal of her Majesty's Govern- ' rncnt to have any relations elllciulor otherwise, with Mr Moron, and were cltmiorou-», through tho Press, for the ter- mination of his mission lo thin feeling, President Davis has atlast been obliged to respond, bb is shown by the terms of tho despatch of recall quoted by Mr. Mason in his note to Lord P.ufsell " Besides is Mr Lindsay also remarks, cur Gcvemment had no ellielul relations with Mr. Mason, and if Earl lluseell desired any information from him on the subject of the rome ho could ask for it with as reuoh propriety now as when Mr Mason was residing in London. -Iho ceremony of loymg Ihe feurdatita stone Of ara ijisti fution oomnif inoratlvo of Joseph Wedgwood, whose artlsio (billin ccr.mio manufactures has dune s} muoh to pro- mote the welfare of h's native town, as well as raise its n pulstion abioad, tork place last Monday at Burslem. 1'ho Chancellor of the Exchequer, who laid tho foundation stone, delivered a bigbly-finiehcd and elaborate addross on (he occasion. That euch a Rifted and fluent epeakor should have taken (ho paine to commit bo lengthened a composition to paper is turpi iting to thoeo acoustomed to observe the marvellous readlnesB and perspicuity with which ho handlos any subject tho moment it is sub- mitted to his consideration. Mr. Gladstone has the faculty of lending u charm to everything he touches, hven tho rigid aiithmetio of his voluminous budgets is enlivened by his grocoful figures of speech and his chaste and classic tloquento. PerhopB it was this dangerous facility of exiro.-slon which mudo him place this restriction on his foo voluble tcEguo, for it must bo remembered that his incautious candour on a recent occasion somewhat com- promised hie colloagues ou tho American question. On ihiB cocosion, however, ho ontlrely avoided policies, leaving Ibtm tolhe pen ni handling of the Prosldontof tho Council, Euri Granvilh, who o'aimid for our polioy towards Den- mark (ho credit Of endeavouring to avert a German war. 'lho (illusion reminds us that Earl Buseell has adâressel a second despatch to lho Federal Diet, remonstrating against the proposed "execution." He observes that Denmark would probably reprise by a blockade, " and, should the war extend to ßleswig und Jutland, it would have to be remembered that Austria and Prussia, na well as Groat Britain and Franc-, aro bound by the treaty of 1EÖ2 to rcepect tbo integrity end independence of Denmark. Thiß obligation would of course be fulfilled, but might b ing cut fresh complications at Frankfort."-Lord L< trice's punithments for his foolish otTenoo against good matters, and bur Majesty's representativo in Ireland, aro biccming excessive. Xo bo struck off tho Cominia&ion; of -the Piuco, lt.up.htd nt in tho clubs, and be the subjeot of a {.BEquinade in J'unch, are surely enough for the silly aot of excluding lhe Loid-Lioutenant from an hotel. These, how- ever, erenow copped by tho not inappropriate puniohment ef refuting tLo l.otel o liceneo, which" tho local magistrates have jctt retolvid ou.-On Monday the honorable Mr. Lygcn (Conservative) was eleottd for West Worcestcr sbnu, in the room of hie brother, elevated t ) the Peorago. Tho election for Oxford city is oxpeoted next wook, Mr. Neate (Liberal) is the only candidate as yet. The contest for Windotr between Captain Haytor (Liberal) and Colonil Yjbo (Ccntervative) is expected to be a very cloco ono. Iheic is a vacancy for Andover, in con- sequence of lho death of Mr. W, Cubilt, who twice filled thu cilice of Lord Mayor of London, and who, two years ego uncurocEufull} coctceted tho rcprcsentotion of the city in (ho Conservativo interest.-By the demise of Lord I.jr.dhuttt, n tentiou of £5C00 per nunum reverta to tha íublio, (hat tcir-g tho stipend which the lato peer enjoyed at ono oiihe five ex-Lord Chancellors, who divide! beiweon tumi £25,OtO a year, Uhu surviving ex-ChaLoellors aro J ern Buugfci'tu, r.gcd 85 ; Loid St. Leonard*, 82 ; Lord Crnnwr.rtb, 73 ; oLd Lord Chelmsford, G9.-Tho Empress j ot the French hiiB paid her long-expected viflit to the Q men ] of bpnin and been coidially received at Madrid. Tho Moi.ilivr saje, " The visit of lho Empress ia dettieed, both in tho present and in tho future, to extrcite a ha[py iufluence Ufoa tho rolulions which unite Fiunce ami Spain." The Polish insurgents havo tuttiiiutil Muiuceveio repuleee. Arrests tuke place i duilj bcdwbelo.-ali>, ocd the Mutcovite Government eeora determined tocrui-bout the insurrections atony cost. The King of lhe Greek« has embarked at TouLn for AthcnB, snells expected w ith much impatience by his now eubjeots. -Ibe Aichduke Maximilian hctitatoa to accept the trouble eenie Crown of Mexico. Tho guarantees whioh ho re- quited aro net forthcoming, it ia suppoetd, and rumour {¡ces to tho effect that Napoleon III. will cut the Gordian knet^by m.iicxing Mexico to the French empire. Adoputa titn from Mexico kissed tho foot of their new diotator, at tho Tuileries, on Saturday, and pretented him with a vote of thanks from the junta of notables, In a box cf silver, " of dtlicaio worhmaueLip"-typical, we suppojo, of imperial dcnliLga, Saturday, 7th November. 1 bo French Cbombf rs wero opened on tho 5th inBtaut Guv Pauket,' Da)-by the Emperor in person. Dealing din with ibu internal condition of France, Napsleon III. dwelt with tatiffaction on the numerous evidences of pros- perity, eulogised tho commercial treaty with England, and letiled the various improvouien's, past and to como. Ho poititcd cut that Iho ware in Cochin China nnd Mexico had keen brought to an iVbuc without lecourso to extraordinary ruions of raisirg morey. As regards Mexico, (he Emperor lot ks to bo reiuiburscd" when tbe destinies ofthat country shall have bein ciitiusted ta n Prlnoewhoeo equalities render bim vv-eitby of to high a mistiun." The main point of in- tense in tbo speech wa?, however, tho Polish question, 'iho limpeior briefly referred (o tbo negotiations which batt taken place, anu explained that the case was not one in wh-'ch l-'ronco could net alone. The refusal of Iluseiu to lisien ta the rcmonttronces oi Prance, England, ond A nan if, had put an end to negotiations; but in ihe 1-niptror'e opinion there was still a plan by which | tboso Powers may escape from tho alternatives of doubtful war or ir glorious silence. This plan ho explained to bo a European Congress, in which the Great Powers might dis- cues not inly iho Polish question, but many otbor knotty points which trcublo tho reposo or threaten the poaca of Europe, In support of tbia proposal, tho Emperor dcclarod that tho treaties of ISIS wero at an end, having been breken by Franco, evaded by Germany, "generously waived" by England in regard to the protectorate of tbe Ionian Islands, und trampled under foot by P.usBia. What then, hotuted, conld bo moro opportuno thin a naw Con- gress, which should examine and remove tho causoa of dis- quietude now operating throughout the coatinont ; Not- withstanding tho threat at tbo end of it, tho Emperor's speech is generally received as pacific With the exception ef this address, the Continental nowa possesses very little interest. The Spanish Coites was also oponed on the öth üittünt, and the Queen ia her speech states that friendly relations continue with foreign nations, and that tho prrject of constitutional reform is definitely resolved upon, The Grand Duke Constantine has been removed from his pooltion as Governor of Poland, and is replaced by General Berg. A largo body oi Polish insurgents havo been compelled to lay down their arms, and altogether things look ill for the natfonal cause. Fil- ingo, executionp, deportation to Siberia ard still carried on vvilbout intermisbion. The young King of the Greeks haB arrived «nong his subjects and met with an enthusiastic reception. The Io&ians;, however, aro now exhibiting eymp tcrns of remorse for their impotienco of the British pro- tectorate. They aro beginning to find that a contribution of £10,000 a year to King Gcorgo 1., and the payment of a considerable sum to us lor what we have expended on certain fortifications, aro a large pries for the blessings of a united Greece, an empty ex- j chequer, and a doubtful future.-At home, everything has yielded an interest to a Ecandal ¡n high life, whian, it is expected will Boon occupy iho attention of the Divoroe Couti, Ihe subject is nlecussed with great gusto in the chile, clique», and coteries of this '-little village." 'Iho high position of the noble Lord who Is to occupy tho place of defendant cn tho occasion restrained for u tima the London papers from mentioning his name, but when we .wtio told that bo was verging on his 80thyear, a statesman know», respectée!, ned perhaps feared, nil over Europe, and who had filled tho most important political ofllces in the countiy for half a century, it wai evident that Viscount Palmeieton, K.G.j'was tho man. Tho ladv, wo aro told, Is the wife of a Presbyterian clergyman, it was rumoured I thot tho noblo defendant had off red to compromise tho action, but a Mr Wells, tho solicitor to the petitioners, in a letter to tho Moiling b'ai, dents tùat there nany ft und allon for the statement Arlic'e3 on tho "scandal" have oppeared in the Icltgraph Stat, and Standend, and tbe latter has iliLiten from Mr Horsley, who, as solicitor to tho respondent (tho wife), spoaks very dispareglngly oi"Mr Wells," tha attorney on the othor tide, asa pereon who advertises * relief lo the ombarra6scd," ord aho that he conducts " divorce ca«e« confidentially " Mr HorBley »peaks of the nffair as trumped up by the bus bf nd, who, ho soys, so far from bemg a minister, is in tho fcrvito of one W eston, partner to the aforesaid Wells Wo topo and beliovo that Lord Palmerstjn will come triumphantly out of this affair In tho meanwhile, it does » ot stem to trouble his lordship much, i it we seo amongst the fssMonaUo intollibcncu that.¿.Lord and Lady Palmer- ston are entertaining n select circle at Broadlands '-Tho Prince and Pnnctss Christian of Denmark hav e nt length taken farewtll of the Queen, and are now on their way home - ihe Crown Prince and Princesa of Pru ila are on a vint to the Prince and Pnncoss of Wales, at Sandring- ham-glad, enough, no doubt, to «¿ot away from the turmoil of the Prussian elections, which, by the ray, have given tho Constitutional [arty an immense majority. Iho Windsor eli edon waa fought on Wednesday, when Co end "Vyee, the Conservative candiiate, triumihed by oniBjJilly of moro than fifty over Captain Hayter Mr Neuto (Liberal) has been elected to dnj, unopposed, for tho Cily of Oxfoid -Among the social topics tho dia ti ess in Lancashire occupies a prominent placo We aro glad to be able to vvute that it is eteadily lessening, the decrease this week being 125j pireons ihis leaves a Utal ol persons chargeable about threefold the number of the earrie week in 1801 When wo compare it with lastyoar, however, the tesult ia less painful, since the comparison thone that piu|eriEUi has declined one half since the first week in November, 1S62 Tho Central ßelief Fand still pobiereeB the large bolanco of £2C1 4CG in hand -During the past week wo havo had most tempestuous av eather, gale sfler gale succeeding each other with increased violence. Happily, although considerable damage has been dene to tbo tbippiug, tho casualties are not co many, or so eeiious na might have been expected By tho way, Mr, Hollis», the Liverpool Stipendiary Magistrale, bas just given his award respecting tbe Icea of tho steamer Psctolua a short time Binoa off Cape Sable He expended the captain s certificate for nine moothB on the grounds that if the lead had been usod moro fr quently tho cienBter would not havo occurred In the Alexandra c se, the judges have made an order whioh will enable tho Crown to appeal against the decision of the jury in the care -Among the ''guyB* paraded in London on the ôih, were a Pole, representing liberty, striding over a Hussion beor, and another representing liberty fraternising with a negro slave -It is rumoured that Sir Hugh Hose has resigned the command of the Indian nrmy, and that tho Irish Siiretorjthip will be given, on the resignation of Sir Lobert Peel, to Lord Dunkellin, con of tho Marquis of Clannc&rdo; It Ib intimated that it was the hope of such sn appointment that caused the outburst of loyalty towards tho Irieh A iceroy on the part of the noblo marquis, in reference to tho outrage instigated by Lord Leitnm, al the hotel at Mttam The Archbishopric Iof Dublin baB (been offered to Dr 1 tench, Dean of West- minster The Bask ralo of discount has been raised twice this week, first f rent i to 6 per cent, cud, tjitri from ç to 0, M. Blondin, it in'taid, has descended from his prias of place, and entered into partnerBl.ip with a wine merchant in Oxford ; and we may add, as a significant indication of the going down of what are called " eemutional amusements " in the public estimation, that wherpas last year thedireotors of tbe Crystal Pakco paid Blondin £l00forea»h of his par formocces, in the prceeet year, when he has es hi bi tod once or twioe, his fee has only been £10. Saturday, 14th November. . There havo been three Cabinet meetings this week, and without knowing what passed at them, it is not ditiioull to guEBS tho chief business diecuFRed. Before tho Cabinet lay, no doubt, the letter of lhe Empertr of the Frenoh, pro- posing a European CocgrcBS, in terms at once vague aud disquieting. Not that our Ministers can havo folt any ulai ni, for they know that Napoleon III. is not prepared fjr war, though they know alto that the hum of preparation is heard throughout tho Empire. Still, tho desire of our neighbour for certain tertltcnal changes is a matter beyond dispute, otd both hie Uto speech and letter point to tho alternativo of chango or war. Not having fully matured his plans, and feeling the neoessily of keeping himself before the French peopln, he proposes o Congress. If it were agreed to. ho would probably gain his objects without drawing (he sword. If the proposition bo not accepted, then ho credits beforehand the Powers refasiog with projects that will not bear the light of day. If it be accepted by all, and ends in divisions, it will tell him on whom ho oan rely. If it be accepted by some ho will know tbot tho agreeing Powers are well disposed towards him. In eome way or other he will roap an advan- tage. Should he bo altogether isolated the people will rally round him. lhere is littlo doubt that the British Cabinet will reject the idea of a Congress, and it is equally certain that tbo Italian Government will agree to it, for its hands nro lied by tho liberator (?) of Italy. A Congress, in truth, means the investigation of numberless troublesome ques- tions, lhere is tho Eastern question-there is the Danish question-tho Iibino boundary question-the Poliah ques- tion-(he Venetian question-any one of whioh would eullico to set Europe by the cars for some timo to come. Looking at all these things, it is probable that our Govern- ment, ir it do not refneo point-blank at tbo outeot, will re- quest the Emperor to state more distinctly what he means. Mony well-informed persons believe that he means war, and that this Echcmo of a Congrees is only a device to gain time for preparation. Meanwhile the infatuated King of Prussia, regardless of his daogor within and without, is pursuing Wa suicidal polioy. Tho tons of King William's speech on the opening of the Chambers is in the imperative mood. " I have a care, not alone for tho interior welfare, but also for the exterior security of the State, and I must be able to reckon on your co-operation ia both respects." There will no doubt bo a determined resistance on the part of tho constitutional deputies, and the King muet ultimately either yield or abdicate, unless somo great peril to (he country arises. Such an event Is quite on the coi de, and constitutionalism moy find its salvation in the outward dangers of the kingdom. The Polish revolution continues to exhibit the eame determination to resist on tho pirt of the insurgents ; and the same resolve, on the part of the Muscovites, to exterminate the people rather than cement to abandon their claim on Poland. Thesnper ceseion of the Orand Duke Constantino has been carried into effect, es his rule was deemed too lenient. Gonoral Berg assumt s the direction of affairs, and has already issued some stringent orders with a view to the suppression of tho revolt. The Belgian Chambers were opened, on Tnesday, bj King Leopold, who described the state of lhe country as fltuihhing and piospcrous. lho King of Italy has boen makirg a journey through a portion of his kingdom. In lia progress fiom 1mm to Naples, he was every- where received with great enthusiasm-Turning (o home affair?, wo must first refer to the Lord Mayo's frbow, which paraded the streets ef Lindon cn Monday It was much tho same as ueual, though with lees of the Batty C troue noneonsíca! eie- rt ent Ab the weather was fine, the off Ir paeBed off agree . atlv to all parties As for tho dinner, a better entortain I merit boa not been orovfded in the Guildhall for tho last twenty jeate When the new Lord Mayor was presented to tho Lord Chief Justice, the Common Sergeant, at the close of the usual speech, thus significantly alluded to the slight rut on the reining chief magistrate by the Govern- ment " He retired into comparativo privacy-not, as was universally exeeoted, with those peculiar honours which it was tho pnvilegeof the Crown to confer-but with a reward tet'ir than title« or durnans, tho approval of hia own con- science nnd thoa) plauso of his fellow -citi7»ns " Ibe Lord Chief Justice, on the otber band, concluded his observa- nces by "assuring (ho retiring Lord Mayor of his regret that precedents should have stood in the wuj of his receiving thote honours which ho should have Lem plrnied tuhavo seen conferred " Whvt were the pre- cedents lhe precedents wero all m favour of making Alderman Hose a baronet, lhe Piinco ot Wales achieved hia mi-icnty on the day the late Lord Mayor took his seat in the civic chair, and the marriage of the Punco occurred curtLg tho ma;orally of Mr Hobo lhe fact of the case is that Mr Aldtrmon lioso writes Al J for his name, and sits en the Opposition lido of the House, for feonthampton, where he replaced the "Whig, Mr.Mcguehn -Tho Glasgow En aceipatlun Society lately sent a memorial to Earl Itus kc)l, regarding an iron steamer building in the Clyde, and, as is believed, intended for the Southern Confederacy. His lordship has unco acknowledged receipt of this com munica tun, aid announced that the attention of Government had aiieady been drawn to the matter If these emancipation secieliee are to bring under the Foreign Secretary's notice e\i ry vessel which their frightened imaginations lead them to btli've is a Confederate Bhip of wer, his lordship will be va t-lenty of work on his hands. The case of the Alerandia will come on for argum«nt in the Court of Ex- chequer cn lnciday, when canee will be ehown by tha defendants against lhe rule for « new trial -An item of military intelligence coes to the effect that four regiments of tho line are to be sent from India to New Zealand, and that an equal number are togo from England to india, to supply the place of those sent to aid General Cameron in his tittup gie with the Maories While on military subjects, we may mention that a report is ourrent that Sir Kiohard Airey is about to leave the Horse Guards in order to replace Mr Fenwick Williams as Commander of tho Forces in Canada, and that General Eyre will becoma Quarter- master General By the way, the Crawley Court Martial, which is just coming cifat Aldershot!, has already coat tho country £60,000, and a largo further sum will have tobe expended over this very ugly business.-lho metro [cli'on publio hes been puzzled for the last two or three weeks by advertisements and placards which simply ran thus -Mrs Lxrrtpa a lodgings, and Kiddle a lUnh lhe mjsteiv is explained by the statement that the former U the tillo of the Christmas number of DickonB's All the 1 eai Jtoui d, and the latter of the like issue of the Comic News. The "Great Ghost" has at last made its appear- ance in Chancery. Professor Pepper, it seems, granted leave to Mr Heath, of the Liverpool Theatre, to produce his far-famed " ghost' nightly. In a few days Mr Myers, better known by his self applied diminutive, " Jem Myers," the proprietor of a travelling circus, also brought out a "ghost." The allegation is that Mr. Myers has un- lawfully mode use of Professor Pepper's patent, and Vice Chancellor Wood on that has granted an injunction until the case can be argued. Saturday, 21st Novombor. The de&lh; of frederick VII ot Denmark has caused a great commotion in the politioal woild, and may givo rue to a war of succession Fredenok VII is no sooner dead, and his rightful successor, Christian IX ,-father of the Princess of Vi ales, and of the King of the Hellenes-not only to Denmark [roper, but to theDuohies, has scaroely teen sealed on tho throne, than up starts a pretender. Frederick, Duke of Auguetenbcrg, declares hitneclf Duke of Schleswig-Holstein, and appeals to the German Diet for support ino subject is not without interest, for it may brit g on a Eui opean war The Danish monarchy eonBists cf Lenmnik proper and the Duohies of Schleswig, Hol- stein, f,Ld Louenberg It so happened that bad the order ot fuccetsicn been observed, the Hngdom, on the death of the late king would havo been split up into fragments, for 1 Kdeii k VII united in his person the title to the whole nicnorihy, but being tho IaBt male of that line, when ho died wimeut issue it was foreseen that there would be one cluimant to the crown of Denmaik, and other claimants to ihe DuchiCB In 1S50, accordingly, broderick euc ceded in obtaining tbo signatures of ihe Ministers of Ansiiia Franco, Great Britain, RusBia, and Sweden, to a I ro oiol, declaring (bat ihe maintenance of the Danish menarcby in its m'egrlly was a necessity for Europo at lar t.e, end of great importance for tho preservation of peace At d, further, they acknowledged the expediency of regu lht rg the crder ot luccceeion, to as to accomplish that end. In Ibôl, the t zar gavo up his rights of succession in favour of Frmce Christian, now Christian IX, lhereosonfor tidoptitg ibis Prince ten me to btv e been, not only because be was one of the possible succès"-«, but because his wife, Princess Louise, wbb the daughter of one of the heirs te the Danish Crow n. 'Iho next stop m the business was the tresty ol Lerdón It will be observed i£.at Hue ia did not sign the {.rolccol of 1850. She favoured the claims of Prince Augu6tenberg, and wished to detach the whole of Holstein end Laucnberg and the southern part ol Sohleewig ítem Denmark Geinmny wants a fleet, and Kiel is the bnrbeur coveted for this fleet But the late Emperor of liussia exticised unbounded influence over the then King et Fiufitia and whenNicholas declared in favour of Prince Christian, Piupsla gave way. Ihen the Treaty of IS52 was signtd by tho Gieat Powers, and by Sweden and Don- I murk, and waa acceded to larer on by Hanover, Wirtem beig, Saxony, Electoral Hesso, Oldenburg, Holland, Bel- gium, Epain, Portugal, Gretce, and the princes of Italy liavana, Baden, Hesse Darmstadt, Saxe-Weimar, and Sose Gotbo, on tbe other hand, held aloof Thus the n ojoiity of the Stoles of Europe recognised a dooument wbiih provided for tbe integrity of the Danish monarchy. I In December, 1852 the Duko of August'nberg solemnly renounced his rights to all his possessions, and received £400,COO in compensation Yet tn face of this, we now bno the duke's ion styling himBtlf Duke of Schleswig-Hol Etein, and tee king the aid of the German Diet Ho receives the cpen support of Saxe-Gotha, and one or two o'ber little Duchies, end Baden is going to plead his causo ut Frankfort An insurrection is expected in He lstain, and this may lead to intervention on the part of Germany, buch is the present phase of the Schleswig-Holstein ques- tion. As for Napoleon's proposed Congress, it dosB not meet with much acceptation If England consents, it will only be on condition that the Emperor declares his inten tu se most explicitly. Tho probability is that tho whole thing will cerne to nothing- Heralding Poland there ia ve»j little novelty. Mattera continue as they havo dono fer months The mrnrgents still keep the field, but have euttained a severe lota in the death of Czachowaki, who, while cn hie way to visit his daughter, was attacked by the Bussions Seeing (bat escape was impossible, he resolved to die rather then imuender, He endeavoured lo blow his I'btalns out, but only eucccemd in dangerously wounding ' himfelf. The Russians carno up at the same moment, took him prisoner, and, without reference to tha state he was in, ai ried bim to lindora, which thoy bad no sooner reaehed thuu they found that their prisoner hid oxpirod. lhe Queen shows a continued veneration for the memory of the late Frinco. Everything connected with his liojal Highness is regaided with tho most affectionate solicitude, und her Majesty now token the greatest interest tn the pro- gress of the royal mausoleum. Bho visits the worka cmoe or ive ico every day, and anxiously looks forward to their completion. fche still wears mourning, though slight, and many opinions aro expressed es to whether ehe will go out of mourning on the 14th of next month.-Tho Notional Gallery bob just received an addition of twenty-nine pictures to its collection of works by the early Flemish and Getman masters. Twenty-two of the additional pictures bear inicriptions staling that they are given to tho nation by the Queen, in fulfilment of ihuwish of the Uto Prince Cc.nf.ort -Mr. Harvey, of Lungley Park, Slough, hue been bi ought fotward by the Conservatives os a candi- dato for the representation of Buckinghamshire, vouent by the elevation of the lato member of the pieiepo aa Lord Chesham. Nocindidata on the Liberal tide baa 3 et appeared. The nomination for the eleotioa of a representative for Andover took place on Tuesday, the ehow of hands being slightly in favour of the Conservative candidate, Mr. William Humphrey. A poll was demanded 1 n behalf of Mr. J. Hawkshaw, the Liberal candidate, lho polling, which took placo cn Wednosday, resulted in favour of Mr. Humphrey.-It appears that tho Palmerston divorce scandal has not been allowed to drop quietly out of existence, but that there really exista a détermination to bring the matter into open court. It is stated that the Premier bus been served with a citation, and that Mr. Digby Seymour and Mr. Jojco have been re- tained as counsel for tho noble lord.-The Ciawley Cturt-martial began Tuesday morning nt Aldershot, Lieutenant-General Sir George Wetherall presiaicg. Cn being called upon to plead to the two charges, Colonel Crawley claimed that ho ought not to bo called to plead to charges which were so limited aa to prevent him from going into the substantial merits of the case, and the grounds for tho acta of which he ia aooused, and which also left him iu ignorance of the undue eevarity mentioned in the ii ret charge. He also read hia communi- cations with the Horse Guards as to an enlargement of the chat gea. Colonel Horsford, the official proBeoutor, con- tended that the chargea were sufficient in law ; and the Court, after considering, decided to proceed. Colonel Crawley then pleaded .' not guilty" to both charges, lho case for tho prosecution was then opened, and the Court adjourned, It appears that the relativen of Sergeant major Lilley applied, for o copy of the charges, and aiktd leave to bo officially represented at the trial. They also applied that Colonel Crawley might be tried on the charge of illegally attesting the deceased. All these applications were ro . fuied. Tho trial is expected to laBt many days -The arguments in the Court of Exchequer in the Alexandra cato premise to bo üiterminablo. Sir II. Cairns has for three dtijf, on beh&If; ot the claimants of the ship, been "showing csueo" why the rulo obtained by tho Attorney General should not be rando ab-oiuto. The latter haa now got tho esr ot tho Court,-On tho 11th of January next, Meeers. Cunara, Wilton, and Co., of Liverpool, will offer lho steamship Great Eastern for sale by auotion, by order of the coilgagccs.-Mr. Buxton, the member for Maid- stone, has given notice that on the first Tueeday after tbo tieetirg of Parliament he will move the following resolu- tions:-"! Ihat this Home views tho barning of the town of Kagoetma by Admiral Kuper with deep regret. 2\. Ihat the burning of lhe town waa not justified by tas inttiuetietiS ittued to Ccle.no! Neale." Thursday, 26ih November. The recent rumours of "dissonaions in the Cabinet" have thai ed tbe oeunl fate of these aborte», which goneraliy trop up sb;ut this time. The Morning Post of Tuosday, in a seml-oflioial way. atys.-- " There in no truth whatever in the étalement whloh baa been circulated that Earl Russell fsabc'Utto resign the Secretaryship fur Foreign Affaira." The Times confirms this. We aro told in as oflblal a fashion as the custom of Government will allow, that the British Government have finally determined to take no part in the Congress proposed by tho Emperor Napoleon. Tho Morning Tost, which 1b generally believed to receive inspi- ration irom the Premier, says :-?' It is not without sincere i egret that the English Government is about to dooline to give its adhercr.ee to the proposed European Congress. Wo carnot but feel that the purpose of the Emperor Napoleon vas wcrihy of admiration, but at the same time it has not appealed to the statesmen of this country that the means by which he wishes to carry out his projeots of peace would in reality eftot what he r.ime at." After pointing out the i difficulties which wonld beset tho discussion even at the very beginning, nnd wbioh must of necessity prove fatal to any pi actinal »tulls, the Post concludes by poeitivoly stating that tbo Ministers c1* a constitutional country do not feel themselves justified in advising their Sovereign to send her representatives lo a meeting which they regard as ulopien." If this be the notual state of Ihe case, it is doubtful whether, in tho absence of Groat Britain, the ether great Powors will proceed to deliberation.-Messrs. Cobden and Bright addressed 3000 persons at Rochdaia on Tuesday night, and tho Ti)»« reports their speeches to the lcDgth of six columrJB and a half by telegraph. Boin these gentlemen appeared in their old cha- racter of giumblers-contented with nothing, and ever ready to blacken the country of their birth. Mr. Cobden took the Foreign departments ; condemned the F own, and declared tho war in America to bo an arietocratio rebellion against a democratic Govern- ment. Would he interfere then ? Not he. He has a sort of fatalist creed that "injustice if left to itself work« its own punishment " How is it that Mr. Cobden pursued the exactly opposite course in dealing with the Corn Laws r He certainly did cot leavo (hem to themselves. When Mr. Cobden comee to the question of Poland be turna sharp round and reinke« Bryland for its dealings with China and Japan. Nay, he does not think it too late to remind us that a century ego wa obtained poBBOtislon of Ind'a " by means which no Englishman can look baok upsn with satisfaction." Mr. Bright reminds his bearers that (hey aro a prut of a nation of pauper«. There aie ah ead y a million of paupers, and be suva peels two millions upon the verge of pauperism He gave a facetious history of the struggles for power, and ssys'it would be an inexpressible relief to him never more (o stand on a platform and see the farce of representation played at the Palace of Westminster.-Two strange stories of legacies left to distinguished statesmen are told. One is to the effect that a lady who resided at Torquay, and who isjuBt dead, has left £40,000 as a legacy to Mr. Disraeli. The lady, it is added, was in no way related to the right bon, gentleman, and was an entire stronger to him. The j other strange taléis that Mr. G. Blarnire, a barrister, was bo phased with Sir James Graham's conduct in abandoning e ffico upon principle, that he made his will in the baronet'« favour, and left him property to the extent of £40 ODO. Mr. Blarnire died last eummer, and the will has boen proved, but Sir James having died (wo years ago, the legaoy lapses, and Mr. Blarnire'a property will bo divided amongst his next of kin. It eeems there fs to be a contest for the vacancy in the representation of Buckinghamshire», caused by tho elevation on the death of his father of the Hon. Mr. Cavendish to the peerage. Mr. li. B. Harvey, a gontlem&n; of large property and brother-in-law of the Duke of Buckingham, cernes forward in the Conservative interest, and Or. Loo, of Hartwell, in redemption of a pledge that he would never ree (be Liberals unrepresented in a county election, solioits their suffrages. With such a candidate the Liberals have a very remote chance of success, and the seat will be a gain to the Opposition.-The court-martial on Lieutenant Colonel Crawley is still progressing, bat has yet many days to last.-We are awakened from the peaceful reveries of an abundant horvest time by two vv*r notes-one uttered by Mr. Reed, the Chief Constructor of ihe Navy, Ihe other proceeding from the mouth of Sir William Armstrong's 600-poundcr, which was fired at Shoeburynees last week. Tho monster consumed 70 lbs. of powder for a charge, the cartridgo looking like a email bolBltr. The effects of th-egigantio piece of ordnance have ps jet only been approximately ascertained, but it sends a ball of 600 lbp. weight over two miles, and it Ia calculated j that one of these miieiles thrown against the strougost iron-elad would send it to the bottom cf the sea. Mr. | Bced follows np Sir William's achievement, by pledging his word, with absolute fearlessness, that we have a vessel building which neither tbo Alabama nor (be Florida could eittur hope to escape lrtm or contend with.-The arguments in the case of the Alexandra arc at length completed, and the Court takes tin.0 to consider judgment, If the rule for'a new trial should bo refuted, then ihiro will not be an end lo tho oase, as an appeal will be made to a highor Court.-The Sloawig Hol- stein question remains without change. Most of, the offi- cials in the Duchies refuse to take the oath of allegiance to Christian VII., and lhere would appear a probability of on appeal lo arms. The Duke of Auguatenberg is endeavouring very hard (o enlist tho support of Prussia.-The National Government of Poland has issued a vroolamation denying that the Poles ara on (ho point of Uy ing down (heir aims. On toe contrary, the insurgents are incuaeing in strength -Notwithstanding that the cession of the Ionian Islands to Greece has been sanctioned by all the Powers concerned, the Greeks themselves aro muking eenie objections to tbo signature of a formal treaty, Tbey have no objection to receiving the Islands; but they c1 ject to the dismantling of the fomfioaiions of Corfu. The dismanlling of theso works has been ineitted on by Eng- land and 1 urfcey. In any caie, it would require £200,000 to put ihcm into on effective state, nnd 12 00U men to gar- rison them. If maintained, it ia considered theil (hoy would offer a temptation to any great Power in the event of a turc pf an war. Carcoak Hospital-The annual meeting of gentle- men interested in the welfare of this inetitu'ion, was held in tho Cturt House, on Monday last, wheu tha Rev. J. A, Bmke took the chair. The Secretary to the institution (Dr. Howland) laid before the meeting the proceedings and progress of the institution during the past year, by which itsprears that seventy-seven patients had'beea admitted into tbe hospital duiit-g theyeor, and eighteen out patients had been attended to; and that a great number of psrsona had been relieved by gifts of food and »mall sums of money. 1 ho balance in (he bonds of (hu treasurer at tho beginning of the yrnr 1863, was £180 14s. 6d, and ¿COI 19a. Si had bren sdded to (bat amount na follows -.-By subscription, £124 12s Cd. ; proceeds from pound sales, £312 8i. 6d ; from patients, £1218s. Gd ; from Governmont, £150; from fines £4. The fcxpenditorfc during the past year had been £49S 11s. lid,, and £?00out at interest, left a balance in the tienst'.iev's hands on the 1st January. 1864, of £86 2i 8d, 1 ~Comjyc>Kff>N<-o/ //ii B<{tJ\ura Times, . 