CURRENT TOPICS. In consequence o£ the Inspection of the Volunteer Corps on New-year's-day being reckonei as one of the appointed parafes, there wi l be no commanding offioet'o patade in Qeslong to-day, A very interesting lecture was delivered in the Mechanics* Institute last night by' the Key. Canon iiussell, of Adelaide, to a very small audience (unfortunately too often fho caso lately with really intellectual entertainments). Ilis Worship the Mayor presided. The subject of the lecture waa " Ghost Slurbs." The reverend lecturer intro- ! duccd the wonderful r (Feds of spiritualism as j recorded of Ann ricin operators in the stunts of the spirit rappers, many amusing instances of which he quoted. Although ho could not, like all sensible men, assign any cause for the same,-the numerous stories wo were told of these spiritualist?, he said, were vouched for by so many sane, sober and intelligent persons that there was little, it any rootn to doubt J the truth of them* and, he argued, it would be unjust to .doubt the statements of suci. 1 persons simply because we failed to satisfy ourselves of the causes by which they were produced. These might bo attributed to some unknown conjuring power, to :U*» effects of magnetism or eleetrcify, or other sourc.'B. He t.heu recounted many stories of Waking and tiro'tmhu apparitions, and showing , by many singular coincidences how it was p »s sible that a sympuh'. tic action of the mii.ds of different people might take pt«ce simul taneously, and produce the results alluded to 1 At the close of the lecture Mr .Russell was much apphuded, and Dr Piucott in proposing a vote of thanks to him, Irea'cd the audit UCi» to a short supplementary lecture, as it Were, on the same subject, in which ho referred to a similar mysterious coincidence having occurred to a gentleman who forne time ago hit Geelong for E igland. He also alluded to the ghost of St, Paul's parsonage, discovered by the RtsV Astby Cooper in an atmosphere of thick tobacco smoke at the mid hour of the night in the kitchen attached to thai establishment Very mysterious souurl3 it appeared had occa sionally been heard, and very disagreeable smells had bren noticed, ulltil on I lie night in question the apparition' was discovered as described, and on questioning his ghostship aa to who or what he or she was, he admitted he was the cook's shipmate. Tho Ib*v. Astley Cooper seconded tho vote of thanks to the lecturer, and paid him a high compliment in doing soand also expressed a hope that at ihe next-lecture, on Monday night next, *' on the humour and pathos of D;eke s,,r hia friend might have a much better attendance. The Geelong and Western District Agri cultural and tlorticul'ural Society's commit tee held their monthly meeting yesterday, in the rooms, SI Moorahool- street. Present— Messrs Mackenzie, Pettavel, Weber. Fisher, Clarksou, Sinclair, the Hou T)r Hope, and lha Secretary. A great deal of routine business was gone through, and a discussion tool; place on a letter from the ICyncton Society on the subject of surface drainage, when it was resolved that in the event of tho above society b-ing satisfied that such an Act would be valuable for tho couutry, this society i< willing to render what assistance it can to carry it out. Tho committee carefully took into consideration the prize list for the forth coming show, to bo held on the first Thursday in March, being the third of that month, and on which th?y finalty agreed. The committee agreed to meet on Tuesday, the 19:h instant, to hear the annual report and to wind up the affairs of the year, as' the atmual meeting falls to be held on the first Tuesday of February, There are few modern plays which possees so m»-ny points of excellence as " The Unequal Match/* It is a lesson of lifo told with an eloquent simplicity and to a mora moral pur pose than many a barren story and anecdote it has been our lot to hear even from a clerical platform. Laying bare the utter hollownessof those high conventional rubs of society by which all the honest impulses of our nature are smothered, or made subser vient to a wretched outward propriety, it shows at last for how worthless a thing men and women often barter tbo freshness and happiness of a natural joyous life. The lovely, but unsophisticated country girl, Hester Grazebrook, marties far above her station in society. She is loved hy her husband, but the ;artless simpli city of her former life 13 not entirely eradi cated hy her suddeu and splendid elevation. Her occasion >1 forgetfulness ot the duties she owes toher new position, pains her husband, Sir II*»rry Arncliffe, and tin* feeling is worked upon by a Mrs Montreror, a fashionable lady friend of the baronet's, who seeks to estrange the »ff. ction of the husband from the wife. Sir Harry suddenly departs for, the continent, whither he i3 followed by Mrs Montresor, .and both occupy the same hotel at a German watering place. A year has elapsed, and in the meantime LadyA-n clifle has made herself an fait in all th" elegancies and deceits of fashionable life. No longer the rustic hoyden at whom the highly correct and fascinating Mrs Montresor once cruelly aimed ihe poison'-d shaft of ridicule, Lady ArnclifTe proceeds to Ger many in search of her truant husband. She appears suddenly before the Baronet and Mrs Montresor at their ho.el, evinces no vulgar astonishment at finding them there, but plays the courtly, well bred lady; and now in her turn acts the satirist upon the woman who h*s so cruelly attempted to wrong her. The astonishment of the baronet is intense at finding his wife so wondrously transformed, but his astonishment is turned to vexation and anger when she applies to him for his acquired loose habits of life the same sharp lessons by which he formerly endeavoured to crush out her own free honest nature. She replies to his accusation that she is no longer the Hester Grazebrook he once knew, or she would not be so cold to him by telling him in his own words that it is vulgar before strangers to exhibit a natural emotion, and that society claims from us a repression of those feelings which are indulged in by the lower orders. The husband finally confesses bis fault, and the spell of the designing Mrs Montresor being broken, she retires discomfited from the field, and in the reconciliation which follows. Lady Arncliffe proves to her husband that under her assumption of the high-ored follUs ho bad forced upon her, she still poss ssed the same loving heart and honest trusting nature as before. Miss Gougenlieim's imper sonation of Hester Graz brook was a splendid piece" of acting, true both in nature and art. Whether as the simple country girl, or the well b»*ed lady, her concep tion betrayed no forgctfuluessof anyone point calculated to give full meaning to the cha racter. The applause was frequent, and at the close of the piece she was called before the curtain, and rapturously ap plauded. Miss James played the part of Mrs Montresor with evident care, but as the fashionable coquette there was a lack of that abandon and vivneby which belong properly to such'a character. Mr Grevillc was an inimitable Dr Botcberby, and Miss Wiseman was in one of her happiest humors as Bexty Hibblethwaite, the rustic aer vant girl transformed into the fashion able lady's maid. Mr Cre3wick, as Sir ITarry Arncliffe, play;d with his usual i good taste, and feeling, but at times there was a lack of i>yo play, which occasionally addB much interest to a piece of this character. The hftiTpioce waa 44 The Two Gregories," in which Miss Emily Wissman ployed 14 Fan chette," and saug the music incidental to the character. ; Faa3engers can now proceed from Warr narabool to Melbourne in one day. Last, night the Warrnambool coach, due at 8 o'clock, arrived some time before that hour, and enabled f mr of the passengers to have refreshments and a chauge of linen, and then to take their seats per rail for Melbourne by the 8.45 train. This is progressing iu earnest. Information reached town yesterday after noon of the death by drowning of Mr Phillips, landlord of the Somerset Hotel, Bruce's Creek. The deceased is supposed to have committed suicide. At the Police Court on Monday last the regular business of the court la3ted until half pist two o'clock, owing to the protracted ex amination in the case of Andrew Calhoun, charged with fraudulent insolvency. During the whole of this time three unfortunate lunatics were confined iu one of the little ante rooms of the Court House, and were not dealt wich until near three o'clock How long are these poor creatures to bo treated in this shamefully indifferent manner. Surely, for all the time it would take, the public would not grudge waiting until tlioy were disposed of. 