THE DANISH DIFFICULTY PLAINED. EX- Young persons who dine out, and wish to be considered well-informed young diners-out, must desire to be able to answer, in a few simple words, the question so frequently put as to the real value of the difficulty about the King of Denmark's succession to the Scbleswig-Holstein duchies: Mr. Punch will explain the matter in a moment. The case is this;—King Christian, being an agnate, is the collateral heir male of the German Diet, and consequently the Duchy of Holstein, being mediatised, could only have ascended to the Landgravine of Hesse in default of consanguinity in the younger branch of the Sonderburg-Glucksburgs, and therefore Schleswig, by the surrender of the Duke of Saxe Coburg Gotha, was acquired as a fief in remainder by the morganatic marriage of Frederick VII. This is clear of course. The difficulty, however, arises from the fact that, while the Danish protocol of 1852, which was drawn up by Lord Palmerston, but signed by Lord Malmesburv, repudiated ex post facto the claims of "Princess Mary of Anhalt, as remainder-woman to the Electoress of Austenburg, it ouly operated as a uti possidetis in reference to the interests of Prince Christian of Schleswig-Holstein Sonderburg-Glucks' hurg, while Baron Bnnsen's protest against Catholicism, under the terms of the Edict of Nantes, of course barred the whole of the lineal ancestry of the Grand Duke from claim ing by virtue of the Salic clause of the Pragmatic Sanction. The question is therefore exhaustively reduced to a very narrow compass^ and the dispute simply is, whether an agnate who is not consanguineous, can, as a Lutheran, hold a fief which is clothed by mediatisation with die character of a neutral belligerent. This is really all that is at issue, and those who seek to complicate the case by introducing die extraneous, statement, true, no doubt, in itself, "that the Princess of Wales, who is the daughter of the present King of Denmark, made no public renunciation of either of the Duchies, or the ivory hair-brushes, when she dined with Lord Mayor Rose, are simply endeavoring to throw dust in the eyes of Europe. —London Pmch. A VENETIAN JOKE.—A French correspondent says:—" A joke from Venice is a rarity just now. . Two natives had last week a serious "quarrel, and agreed to settle their differences by an American duel. They draw lots, and he who drew the shortest straw was to blow out his own brains—a duel performed solo, and without seconds, .the unlucky man retired to shoot himself at hope. The fortunate hero went to the cafej and had a' ponche.' Before bejhad finished it, in walks his adversaiy, or his.ghost. 'Not dead?' angrily asked punchdrinker. ' No,' replied the other, ' the police have refused me a snooting certificate.' " ? 