DEFEAT., OP THE QUEEN'S THO OPS AT ... .AHUAHU. \ . ? ' . ATROCITIES COMMUTED ' BY THE , 'REBELS v THEY BEHEAD FIVE .OE THE DEAD LEFT ON .THE FIELD. TJIK specinl correspondent of ¡tho 'Nelson Examiner .writes ns follows, on tho 8th instant, , from Now Plymouth,. H,o say's !-" : . ;o ;,'..<-?? Notwithstanding it is so near publishing, time with the , Taranaki ,UeràUlK wlilch tins week promises: * a summary fpr.tho;out-going mail, I ' nm unwilling' to let, tho post close without sending you a few lines on tho.disastrous and dreadful affair, of tho 6th, lest 1hc steamer should lcavo\without tho- promised account. , ' ' \ . . - . During the morning of tlint dato, wo heard that a rkirmish had taken place with tho natives at Aliiinhu,' force under 100- strong, under ..Captain Lloyd, 67th Régiment, having proceeded thither to reconnoitre, mid,if nccessnry^feventtlioeonstm tiorï of H paH there. Tho men, 'made''vp ^of ¡57 mid Victorians, reached the ground, withoùt'inc dent, nlthougll there appear.to hav^e been'-wgns, _ i telligiblo to observers of thc ? natives; vfhnt natiy were there or not far distant. :^»Tlio, commandir officer is reported to hnvcv thought otherwise.^Su< denly fire was opened1 from coyer on three Bide and the natives come into tho midst of the part with a rush, dividing them, and overpowering thei by mere numbers. Stragglers iroached the bead and soon tho disastrous news arrived in town tl« the force was repulsed, some killed and som wounded, and that, amongst eight or ten missinj ?was the officer in command. Colonel Warre, C.B., marched off nt once wit' troops and the bush parties, never halting until th Wairoa Was. crossed. As the force advancei cautiously, a shell ivas fired to indicate that relic was near. This led to the discovery and reseño o . three men (ono of thom wounded)" who lay concealci in a wet swamp. , As they advanced, a ghost!; spectacle met their sight: six bodies placed in row, naked, five of thora headless; a sixth, scalped and tho bowels of another victim near by, tho bod; gone,!tl Fur ther search proving resultless, .'tho fore returnedto Oakura, where eleven or twelve woundei .men -had .nlready:nrriyed^That the natives shouh havccdmmitted j,süchaöociües'wiirsurpriso no bm acquainted with'their ?rruo naîureiVbut that the; were prompted to do so upon th|t present occasioi may bo accounted for oh the supposition' that, thoj found one of their own number: headless, after tin fight. A Victorian (formerly a lifo guardsman), standing near Captain Page, who had tripped and fi Hen down, bayonettcd a nativo advancing to toma- hawk him, and, before he could extricate the bayonet from thc man's body, a second advanced, whoso head the.man severed from his body with CffptnlrrPngc'8-«Torûrnviatm^io^mrnnîeTJ'nii>~t» defend himself with. The natives, ignorant of thc circumstances, might attribute the act to wanton- ness and insult, and do as they did by way of retali- ation. ; - 'y Captain Lloyd is described BS an excellent soldier, and to have fought gallantly until riddled with bul- lets. He had but recently .'?arrived..from England with hb family, and lnbouredvunder;1the disadvan- tage.of not being acquainted with thevcountry and the natives. '.. ' : "We have been permitted to make the following extracts from private letters from Taranaki': " Borne very bad news was received from the front this evening (April 6th.) A party of our men have been attacked by the Maories und Cap- tain Lloyd, of the S7th>;aud<uve~nien killed. Their heads were cut off mid taken Way, and the' bodies stripped, so that they could oiily recognise Captain Lloyd by his size, he having been a very large man. Our men seem to have been panic-stricken, ns they fled in all directions, instead of rallying round their captain. They were mostly Melbourne men, with a few of the 67th. A great many of our men were missing nfter the attack, but they have como in again. There are twelve or thirteen wounded^'altogether. Thia is ono of the worst affairs ítheie ihns been yet, The Maories ore getting to *bo very'insolent.- They should have boen followcdiup from Kuitako instead of having a fortnight's rest, which they have had." " 1 lode out (says another writer) to ICaitake tho other day, with a few ladies and gentlemen, It was two days, after the pince had been taken. It was well worth going to soe, and would have boen an awful place to take\if the Maories lind stood to their defences. The prisoner who was token says that when the Maories\heard our men giVe three cheers just before they rushed the place, their hearts failed them, ns they thought men who could give such shouts nt such a moment must conquer, they therefore "all fled. The pah was on a high hill, with double palisading and rifle pits all round : while right across tho gully were rifle pits and double fencing, with pita round the ' top of a lower hill in front of the pah. It was a very steep ascent, and when oui- men got to the top many of them dropped Poor Mrs. Lloyd, widow of Captain Lloyd, hus gone raving mad, mid the doctors do not think she will recover. She has twó.little children, -says the' 'sight of tho headless mutilated bodies was awful. People here think 'Ulurrenspn tho Maories cut our men's Heads off wai'because Dr. Webber out off the lund of a dead Maori who was found in tho hush after the taking of Kaitnke." Thc Taranuhi Herald of April'. 7th says :-" It i difficult to spcculnto on lhe coiiBoquonccs of this fearful disaster, with all its embittering atrocities. It lins been the prayer of tho settlers that this unhappy .war . should pause short of annihilation, but there are limits beyond. which , control is impos- sible, and the law of retaliation becomes the only gauge of . safety." %> > , : The following isVa^list ofiour loss on this occa- sion:- " . \ 67TH BxorinSKT. . ' ' - X'lLLED.V , Captain Lloyd -gunshot founds penetrating one through chest, one through abdomen, two through pelvis, also two through right shoulder and ono through right thigh, fracturing lemur ; a toma- hawk wound of right calf, and body decapitated. ? Private Jeremiah Dooley-gunshot wound of light shoulder and body decapitated. . Private George Sadler-gunshot wound of right shoulder and two tomahawk ? wounds of loft arm and body decapitated. " WOUNDED.^ ^ Private . Andrew Collins - gunshot wound, of abdomen, slight ,? V. Private Laurence Cronin-gunshot wound of left thumb, slight. Private John Kirby-gunshot wound of groin, slight. Private P.-Murray-gunshot . wound of neck, Bliebt. . .. ..? . ' Private Isaac Smith-gunshot wound of chin, slight. MILITIA (VIOTOIIIANS). . KILLED. . Corporal H. Banks-gunshot wound-through abdomen, and body decapitated. * -í i Private James Neagles-gunshot wound through abdomen, and three through head. . Private H. Hartley, gunshot wound through pelvis, and body decapitated. MISSING. Private John Gallagher. ; ' WOUNDED:. Colour-Sergeant George Bentley, gunshot wound in arm, bone fractured, severe (No. 12 Company.) Corporal' Robert Stokes, gunshot wound right shoulder, slight (No. 12). Private Francis Thomas Tomlins, gunshot wound upper part thigh, severe (No. 12). . Private. Edward Whatmoro, gunshot wound calf of leg, slight (No. 12). ? Private James M'Kenn'a, gunshot wound through left side (hall since extracted) dangerous (No. 7). i - . T J;;;E. YOUNO, M.D., Staff. Surgeon.- .' 