TOPICS OF THE DAY. In the Legislative Council on Tuesday the Hon- <*> Mr. Baker gave a very long and elaborate notice of motion with regard to Mr. Goyder's valuations, con- <*> demning the principles upon which the valuations have been arrived at, and affirming .the desirable ness of further action in a different direction. We have already said that the battle is not yet fought out, and Mr. Baker's new campaign is proof of it. The public ?31 hare need to exercise the utmost vigilance, as there can be no doubt that a most determined effort will be made to upset Mr. Goyder'e valuations. A letter from the Government of Queensland has been read in the Legislative Council to the effect that that Government could in no way relax the severity of their regulations with reference to the travelling of stock from South Australia into Queensland. A petition has been presented to the House of Assembly from 47 owners and occupiers of land in the district of Kyponga, stating that £3,000 was voted for a jetty near the mouth of the Myponga river, which was erected for £2,700, after which it was found necessary to build a bridge over the river to make the jetty available ; but the sum voted was not sufficient, and the bridge aad approaches -were left in an rnifinythefl state. A large portion of the district being Crown lands, the district being email, and the mnds collected by the District Council inadequate to deal with this undertaking without -help, the peti tioners pray for a vote of £LOO to assist in the com pletion of the work. TheSupreineCourtwasoooupied nearly allTue?lay finishing tbe ease of Brown v. Young and Another—an action brought against the defendants as magistrates of the Morphett Vale liscal Court, for falsely imprisoning the plaintiff fora month. The jury gave a verdict for**"* plaintiff witb £150 damages. la"Wbite v, Bennett the plaintiff was nonsuited. Xiv Clonrt acKoarned to Stidaj next, wfasn Spaib T-. feppa&l; wflTbe bWd, and for which a jury has Jinanfmfi?i?Tly TlnpfclfflfHftfl .'' i. The adjonrii?d meeting of (be Jleoeh of Magis" trates was held on Tuesday, September 27. Several transfers of publicans' licences were granted. The Bench adjourned until December next. Thwe"wae~no buHness brought before the Police or Insolvent Courts on Tuesday, Beptember 27. On Tuesday evening as Mr. C. H. Sayera'e eon was driving a baggy, containing himself and two brothers, from bis honse in Franklin-street to wards-Ourrie street, and when near Hie Golden Fleece, the vehicle was ran into by a hone and cart driven by Mr. ¥. Lamb. Two of the lads wfere thrown oat instantly, bat the one who had the reins held on for a second, when the two Bhafite split short off at the cross-trees, and thus brought the baggy to the ground with its remaining occupant. We are glad to say no injury was sustained by any of the lads, except a alight scratch on the knee of one of them. The accident was witnessed by several bystanders, who all pro nonncod it to be a very narrow escape. At the last meeting of the Committee of the Horti cultural and Floricultural Society it was stated that the sum of £52 15a. was taken at the doors on the occasion of die previous show. Mr. Driffield suggests that in future shows a cottagers' class should be added, and we think the suggestion a very useful one, as it would greatly encourage the cultivation of small garden plots by the working classes. It is supposed that there would be some difficulty in deciding who are and who are not cottagers, but we imagine the difficulty could be as easily surmounted here as in England, where the plan is found to work admirably.. We are sorry to find that the funds of this popular Society have not enabled the Committee to pay the prizes awarded, which is a circumstance much to be regretted. Upwards of £60 remain doe to prize exhibitors at last yeat'e show, and it is decided to pay these arrears before paying the prises awarded at the show last held It having been proposed to hold a special rose show in October, the Society agree to do so, provided the promoters of the chow guarantee £20 towards the expenses. In consequence of some mis understanding, it has been deemed desirable to effect a change in the Secretaryship. On Monday evening the members of the Norwood Young Men's Association met for the purposo of reciting, &c.;, as is nsual every quarter. Tho President (Mr. S. Wells) opened the proceedings by remarking that elocution would never make an orator; that he looked upon it as a boyish amusement, and that it was not the art of committing pieces to memory that made the speaker. He then called upon Mr. G. Watte, who recited "Celadon and Amelia" in a pleasing manner; Messrs. J. Denby and G. Watte—! "Hamlet and the Ghost." This, with the excep tion of a slight failing in memory, was well de livered. Messrs. G. Gooden and A. Wells—"Scene from 'Merchant of Venice,*" and "The Sleeting of Launcelot Gobbo and his Father," Mr. A. Day.; " The Doable Transformation," Mr. J. Z. Sellar; and, lastly, "The Rivals in Love," by Messrs. A. Wells and G. Gooden. This last, being cleverly delivered and of an amusing nature, kept the audience in a continual state of laughter. Mr. E. G. Day then proposed a vote of thanks to Che young gentlemen who had contributed so largely j towards the evening's amusement, and said he noticed a great improvement in the style of delivery. Mr. J. Z. Sellar seconded, and also acknowledged the improvement. A. vote of thanks to the Presi dent closed tho proeeedinga. ' The return match between the Hope Valley German Rifle Club and the Teatree Golly Volunteer Kidee came off on Thursday, the 22nd instant, on the ground of the latter at Teatree Gully. The volun teers fired with the Enfield, and the Hope Valley j Club with the German rifle. Mr. Linde, however, j used a Wbitworth. The shooting was good. The weather was favourable, and the following was the score:— Grand total, 248. Tho Germane were the winners by 32 points. After the matoh the competitors wore invited to a lunch by Captain Haines. Various toasts were given and responded to, and the company separated at an early hour. The Army and Hatty Gazette contains the follow ing information:—" The new military arrangements suggested by the Colonial Office for the Australian Colonies, exclusive of New Zealand, have been made public It is proposed Uj allot in future 15 com panies of infantry, consisting of one entire regiment and the head-quarters wing of another regiment, in the following proportions:—New South Wales, four companies, about 19 officers, 3*o men; Queensland, one company, about three officers, 88 men; Victoria, five companies, about 22 officers, 423 men; Tas mania, three companies, about 11 officers, 249 men ; South Australia, two companies, about cii officers, 166 men; being a total strength of 1,327 of all ranis. The four companies in New South Wales and die single company in Queensland will probably be a wing of a regiment, of which the other wing will be in New Zealand. Another regiment will in tlint case furnish the 10 companies in Victoria, Tasmania, and South Australia. The colonists have been asked to contribute payment of £40 per man actually maintained up to this strength; but the scheme etQl remains uncompleted, owing to a hitch on the part of the Colonial Parliament." We are requested to call attention to the meeting of tile manufacturers which will be held at the Terminus Hotel this evening. We understand that the proceeds of the late Poultry Show will about pay the expenses, and that ?nn?n?r show w3l be held in the early part of January next. We are informed that the annual matches at the City Bathe, which have bean co successful for the past two years through the activity of Mr. Bastard in col lecting the necessary funds, and Mr. Penney as Secre tary, are to be resumed, under the auspices of the Sou!'?. Australian Swimming Club, early in November, Mr. Primrose having accepted the challenge of Mr. Dos well for the Champion Belt. This is likely to be a well-contested race. Other matches will be shortly announced in our advertising columns. Mr. B. M. Nathan took bis benefit at the Victoria Theatre on Tuesday evening. The performances consisted of the drama entitled " CsmuVe Husband " and a ballet arranged by Mr. Chambers, and called "True Blue," in which the Misses and Master Nathan appeared. The whole entertainment passed off very successfully. Youkg Men.—The Melbourne Berate has an article upon the baneful effects of on '""""^piito age of intoxicating liquors. It argues that drinking is one of the chief causes of the social discomfort which is bo prevalent in that colony. It states that the young men connected with the working class "hare fparraanrmyanfaii rtcmtngYtaynnd jjgflfipgly yanrlflring about the streets, lounging in the ban of low pafalio houses, or congregating in conoertor dunning rooms." It suggests the establishment of a working man's club bouse as a means of mitigating the prevalent evQ, and contends that "there is really no reason in the world why the principle whioh has worked so exceedingly well for the upper class of society in England, and which has .contributed bo greatly to fuse together a particular section of the com munity in this part of the world, should not be rendered capable of direct application as regards a class altogether different from that which it has hitherto Beamed to be the exclusive possession." In making these remarks the writer Bay? he does not forget the establishment of benefit societies ; but he contends that these, although doing a great amount of good, do not repress tie particular evil about which he is speaking. The writer continues to state that he has no wish to disooorage these institutions, and Bay? they might "be conducted in connection with the club proper, and as an auxiliary to it, rather than as superseding it. The real want, however, is something which, while it shall give the working man the opportunity of agreeable social enjoyment, shall not insist as the condition .of his enjoyment upon the obligation of bis wasting his money and ruining bis health in a practice which these results declare to be so irra tional." Teatree gvm.y. 200 yards. 200 yard*. Standing. Amy position. CaptainHainea,. ... 3 3 3 2 2 la 03220 -7 LSuatcnsnl Smart ...22222 10 20333 U Sergeant CoUina ... 23033 11 32004 8 Private Roberts _ ... o 2 2 2 2 8 33223 13 Tregeagle 12222 11 3*334 17 Duncan ... „ 22222 10 32322 12 MIUs... ... ...22322 11 22322 11 Coulter ... ...22332 12 32323 13 Smart .„ ...432-24 14 32220 8 Fonlia ... ... 00020 2 43233 IS 101 116 Making a. grand total of 216. Hope Valley German Bifle Club. 200 yards. 200 yards. Standing. Any position. Mr. Mahnlce — ...44432 17 34233 15 Bongert 23322 12 32332 13 Bfamkc sen. ...22203 9 33433 16 Ey ... ... .. 22O2O 6 3 3 2 3 2 13 Ebmke, Jan. ... 2 2 42 0 10 3 3 2 3 2 13 Lanicans 23222 11 33323 14 Wbhlers 2 3 3 2 2 12 3 3 3 3 3 IS L&mcke; ... ...33342 is 22200 6 KolweS ... ...32322 12 33234 IS Unde ... —42322 13 24233 14 