MISCELLANIES. I.--AN EXPLORING EXPEDITION. (Written expressly for the Sydney Morning Herald.) WE had been reading Bruce and Mungo Park, and were fired with noble emulation. We determined to trace the Ripple, our local river, to its source. By "we" I mean Jack Bean, Jim Siggers, Bob Wilson, and myself--all day scholars at Bumpus's. The boarders were a set of stuck-up sneaks, and would at once have told Bumpus, and stopped our trip--for we were going to play truant if they had heard of it, so he had to keep them in the dark; and, indeed, we didn't think it safe to tell any of the other day- boys. The Monday of the last week but one in the half we fixed upon as the day for starting. The examination was to begin then, which we detested, as we didn't care a fig for prizes. Besides, we calculated that it would take us about a fortnight to go and return, and thought that if we got back just before breaking-up day, both Bumpus and our papas might feel inclined to let us off, whilst at the same time the whole school would hear of our glory. For weeks we saved up our pocket-money, to purchase provisions from the natives on the banks. In an outhouse, at the miller's, from whom we used to hire boats on half-holidays, we stowed away under some redwood, a few things in the way of outfit, on the Saturday evening before we started. We were to start before daybreak on Monday, borrowing a boat with- out the miller's knowledge. He had so many knock- ing their noses together alongside the slimy little wharf at the end of his great garden, that we thought he would be sure not to miss one, and that thus we should be able to get away without leaving any clue to our whereabouts. Of course, we meant to pay the miller when we came back--that is if he could be mean enough to take money from such distinguished con- tributors to geographical science, instead of thinking himself amply remunerated by the honour we had bestowed upon his craft. We had originally intended to take not only a boat, but also a punt, as a "tender." Fortunately we all tried, in succession, to pull it on the Saturday of which I have spoken, and as none of us managed to do anything more than to make it some round and round like an impaled cockchafer, we prudently resolved to be content with a single vessel. Jack Bean, on the strength of his having a brother in "the Texan Navy ' \--at least so he said--was appointed commander, after some controversy. Siggers opposed his appoint- ment on the ground that he every now and then caught crabs, and didn't know how to put a brig about. Siggers had been to Newcastle in one of his uncle's collier-brigs, and had treasured up the words of command necessary for the nautical manœuvre named. When he was pulling with one or two of us on the river, he was very fond of ordering, in a sten- torian voice, the "watch below" to "bubble up" to "'bout ship," "Helm-a-lee," Siggers would then shout, "hoist tacks and sheets-- mains'l haul--fore- bowlin' let go, and haul." This conduct had made Siggers occasionally a bit of a nuisance, since it had attracted the ribald notice of the blackguards on shore. In vain we told him not to make a ninny of himself. When he once began, he would not stop until he had conscientiously completed the formulary. A recollection of the ridicule and angular fragments of red tile which he had thus drawn down upon us, made his comrades resolve that he should not be placed at the head of our great expedition. With Bob Wilson and myself, he was made to sign articles, binding us to obey Jack Bean. As Siggers could not be captain, he next tried--the lazy beggar--to get appointed per- petual coxswain. It is needless to state that this selfish attempt to secure otium cum dignitate signally failed. At length the eventful morning came. All Sunday I had been in a state of intense excitement, which was all the more exciting because I had to bottle it up. It was exceedingly hard to avoid assuming the daredevil swagger of a reckless adventurer. At church I looked with contempt on Bumpus's boarders, when they filed into their pews before the ushers just like so many came sheep. Their collars were as smooth as their hair, and that was as smooth as a girl's. Jack Bean and Bob Wilson and I, on the other hand, who sat opposite them in adjoining pews, had tied our necker- chiefs in sailors' knots and ruffled our locks and linen a la Byron. Bob, who was a bit of a wag, spent the greater portion of the time which ought to have been devoted to Morning Service in making defiant faces at Bumpus behind his prayer-book. He was detected at last by a maiden aunt, who always came to church with a heavy thimble on for the punishment of playful and the awakening of somnolent nephews and nieces. The ringing stinging, stunning tap which poor Bob received from this spiteful old lady, made him, I must con- fess, look considerably less like a hero. Siggers was a Dissenter, and even on the eve of our great enterprise was obliged to go to Sunday school. He fell asleep in the Bible class, and, being suddenly aroused to give a "Scripture proof" of the devil, scandalised his teacher by shouting to the watch below to tumble up to put the ship about. At length, I repeat, the eventful morning came. I dressed by the level light of a sinking summer moon. With pockets stuffed with "prog," secreted over night, and my shoes in my hand, I groped my way noiselessly down the dark staircase, into the faintly illuminated hall, into the kitchen, whose shutter- holes looked like the eyes of a pair of gigantic ghosts, and into the chill, still scullery, where I put on my shoes. I drew back the bolts, which seemed suddenly to have become rusty and rattling to spite me; I turned the big key, which never grated so before; and stole across the back yard whose gravel appeared bent on betraying me by its "crunch- ing"--glancing up fearfully at the bedroom windows, off the white-blinded panes of which the moonbeams were fading. I clambered up the wall-- giving myself a nasty cut by laying hold of one of the broken bottles at the top--and, with a bleeding hand and torn breeches, dropped into the back lane beyond. I didn't care about the cut so much--it was heroic to "shed blood," but I could call to mind no comforting precedent of a Paladin going about in pantaloons wounded as mine were. Giddy, giddy gout, Your shirt's hanging out-- was the only poetry I could think of at all applicable to my predicament. I tucked in my shirt as well as I could, and repaired to the place of rendezvous --an ivied hollow in the old town wall. We all had to go out of our way to get thither, but then it was romantic, and gave a conspirators'-cave zest to our adventure. I was first there, and, forgetting the tattered state of my attire, seated myself upon a stone. Its surface was slugs, its surroundings were nettles. Philosophers, perhaps, might have dis- covered "compensation" in this combination of the irritant and cooling--I wasn't a philosopher, however, and thought it very nasty. Presently Jack Bean and Bob Wilson came in together. Bob was very merry when he became acquainted with my plight. He insisted on learning how much I measured from the tip of the beak to the extremity of the tail--which he drew out to its utmost possible point of extension. That disrespectful tap on the head, however, which I had witnessed, enabled me very soon to shut Master Bob up. Siggers was so late in coming that we had just determined to start without him, when in he came, and recounted his pridien and hodiean experi- ences. I have recorded his answer in the Bible class. His father, the deacon, hearing of it, sent him to bed without his supper, and locked him in his room to prevent a secretly insubordinate raid upon the larder. As soon as he could safely commence opera- tions on the lock, Siggers had done so, but all his efforts were in vain, and at last he had been compelled to make his descent, at the risk of his neck, by means of a water- pipe. Siggers, of course, thought himself a great hero, and demanded praise in proportion. He demanded "grub" also, which, as we walked down to the river, he devoured with a most Homerically heroic appetite. The sun was almost up when we reached the mil- ler's garden wall. Cautiously we crept under it to the point farthest from the house, and then one after another climbed over it. A quarter of a century has passed since then, but I can remember, as if I had smelt it yesterday, the fragrance of the roses and the honeysuckle into and through which I dropped. I recollect knocking half- ripe cherries from the wall, and crushing a clump of dusky-blossomed columbine. I remember tramping over a bed of tobacco-scented, fairy-team- belled lilies of the valley, and shivering at the thought of the maledictions which the miller would have showered upon me, had he seen me destroying the beautiful buds and blooms of a dewy mat of pet pinks into which the unseasonably face- tious Bob Wilson shoved me. The rotting smell of dank weeds in the river, and the silvery, bubbling bells and bumptious leaps of little fishes, I can also well remember. The Jim Crow was the craft we selected. The name did not suit our notions of explorers' dignity, and the boat was no beauty, but then she was all the less likely to be missed. We got our stores aboard and pushed off, in great fear lest we should be seen from the diamond-paned lattices of the low long old house, or the windows of the white-powdered old mill, in which we could see that somebody was stirring. "Muffle your oars, men," was the com- mand we received from Captain Jack Bean, in a whisper of majestic mystery. We had all read of muffled oars in chronicles of cutting-out expeditions, and thought that they would be the correct thing in our case, but, as neither master nor men had the faintest notion, when we came to think about the matter, of what muffled oars really were, our captain's order was rather grandiloquent than good for much. In spite of it, we started with a tremendous splutter. Siggers, who was pulling stroke, missed his stroke, thanks to a rotten thole, and fell back into the bottom of the boat. Bob, who kept on pulling the bow oar with a will, made the Jim Crow turn about and wheel about in a way which justified her name. "Get up, you beggar." "Back water, you lubber," the captain savagely hissed from the stern-sheets. "Why the deuce don't you ship the rudder, cox'n?" \--the last objurgation addressed to me: all the orders given with intensely professional imperiousness. I think Jack even threatened to trice us up and give us a taste of the cat. We began to fear that we had caught a Tartar in our captain, and dark thoughts of mutiny flitted through our minds. At last, however, the Jim Crow had her nose fairly pointed up the Ripple. A sound thole was found for Siggers, the captain took the rudder-lines, I was sent "for'ard," with orders to keep a sharp look out, and away we went in the fresh summer morning. It was very jolly. The last star was fading out, a lark was going up, up, up to the sky, singing as it went--perhaps, although I remember them well now, I didn't think much then of the star and the lark, but I know I did think a good deal of the glorious fact of "no school for me to day!" I pictured to myself the poor beggars scratching their heads over those odious papers, with the ushers stealing about like cats to see that they had got no cribs; and, con- trasting my own freedom with their pitiable estate, I set up a song of triumph, in which Bob and Siggers joined. "Silence, fore and aft," angrily shouted the captain. "Look-out, attend to your duty." I must own that I had neglected it, for I had barely time to sing out, "There's something or other on the what- do-you-call-it bow," before we bumped up against a dead pig. I was instantly called aft to take the stroke oar, and menaced with "disrating" and stopped grog. The captain became more clement when the sun had been up a little while. He joined us in the not very appropriate Canadian Boat Song as we glided over the gilt water, fringed with pollard and weeping willows, between meadows of lush grass spangled with king-cups and divided by hedges white with may. About seven o'clock--six bells, I ought to say--we met with our first serious adventure. Rounding a point of rising ground, we came suddenly upon a numerous tribe of naked savages, dancing their war- dance on the banks, or disporting themselves in the stream, which there became shallow. It was the bathing place of the wild youth of the vicinity. As soon as the natives beheld us, they raised their war- whoop and rushed towards us. Attempts at intimi- dation and propitiation were equally vain. Our boat was seized on both sides and rocked until we were almost river-sick. She was run aground, and then shoved off again, with her gunwale under water. Our stores were shamelessly pillaged. In a very water logged and generally woe-begone con- dition we were at length allowed to depart. When we had put half a mile between us and this formidable tribe, we ran into port to refit. We moored under an elder tree in a little creek--of course, we called it creek-- full of yellow water lilies and watercress, bailed the boat, spread our wraps to dry, and then Bob, as purser, was dispatched to a village not far off to pur- chase provisions. When he returned with some stale bread, some gluey cheese, and a can of new milk, Siggers, our "bosun," was ordered to pipe all hands to breakfast. I cannot say much for the bread and cheese, but the watercresses helped them down, and the milk was first-rate. Altogether we voted our breakfast jolly fun, and started once more in the highest of spirits. We pulled on leisurely between grass, green corn, bean fields, and cottage gardens, and under trees and quiet country bridges, until about noon. The cows looked at us with slow-witted con- tempt; the calves stiffened and twisted their tails and awkwardly scampered as far as they could get from the river side, when they heard the splash of our oars; we startled, too, the water- rat and the water-hen, and almost knocked down a kingfisher; steely dragon-flies, flies like burnished bronze, flies gorgeous in gold and green, darted and buzzed about us; in shallow water we saw shoals of shadowy minnows. Thinking that as explorers we ought to kill our own food occasionally, and also, sooth to say, having blistered our hands and made our arms ache, we stopped to catch some minnows. The captain gave a feeble order to proceed upon our voyage until we could halt for a more substantial meal, but ever since the affray with the natives, in which he had displayed valour below the average his authority had been at a discount. Siggers had flatly told him that it was all bosh about his having a brother in the Texan navy. We beached the Jim Crow on a sandy bottom, took off our shoes and stockings, turned up our trousers, and paddled about in pursuit of the small prey, using for nets our caps, our can, and colander, which was Bob Wilson's contribution to our mess utensils. The few we caught we grilled upon a fire of sticks and paper, lighted with a burning glass. The savages had spoilt our matches. I cannot conscientiously declare imperfectly cooked minnow to be a delicacy. Of course, however, we nevertheless thought our fish lunch prime. A little before two we drew near a small town. A many- windowed, tall-chimneyed, recently-built factory--looking strangely out of keeping with the sleepy, old-fashioned little houses round \--stood upon the river-bank. Its black smoke blotted the blue sky, a gutter of hot waste ran from it into the river, polluting it with dull prismatic films; the clanging bell was calling back the hands to their afternoon's work. A good many of them, girls and boys, were lounging by the river, and opened a fierce fire of shells--oyster shells--upon us as soon as we came within range. Our captain now redeemed his character for courage, but in a rather inconvenient manner. Carried away by noble indignation at the dastardly conduct of these inhospitable barbarians, Jack replied to their fire with everything hard on which he could lay his hands. Bob's colander floored an audacious small boy, with an atrociously accurate aim, who had just hit me on the nose. That was comforting, but then not only the colander, but the can, and everything we had brought to get food and drink in, and to take them out of, was also gone. Fortunately before we were quite overpowered, the bell stopped ringing, and our opponents were obliged to beat a precipitate retreat. Proud of the way in which our ship had been fought, we drew off, with a heavy list of casualties. The wounded were looked to \--by themselves, and then a clamour was raised for dinner. It was decided that the captain, the purser, and the boatswain should land, leaving me as boatkeeper, since the state of my posterior attire was not calculated to inspire the in- habitants of the strange city with respect. We pulled into the foot of a bridge, where my comrades leaped ashore, promising-- the perfidious scoundrels--to be back in ten minutes with provisions for myself. Patiently at first, most impatiently at last, I waited for three hours under one of the arches of the bridge. There were not many people about, but the town-fool found me out, and devoted the bulk of the time I have named to my persecution. He made hideous grim- aces at me, he spat upon me when he could, he pelted me with broken pipe stems, he flung brick- bats into the water to splash me, he shied a rotten cabbage and an old shoe at my head, he kept on trying to push the boat into the hot sun with a long pole, with which he also rapped my knuckles--in brief he made himself a per- fect beast, and still those faithless friends of mine came not. I was still alone, save for that famously iniquitous idiot, whose presence was intolerable, still ahungered and athirst. I scooped up a little of the river water in the hollow of my hand, but the sun had made it lukewarm, and the factory had made it loathsome. At last the false loons made their ap- pearance--in, I regret to say, a disgraceful state of intoxication. They had been having their "grog" forsooth. The captain was trying to smoke a pipe, and looked sepulchral solemn and dismally sick. Bob was delighting a mob of sequent infants by his capers, Siggers was indistinctly ordering them to let go and haul, interspersing his nautical commands with undigested scraps of yesterday's catechism. I got the reprobates on board, and pushed off under a heavy fire of gravel from the infantry, instigated and assisted by the idiot. The captain at once fell asleep, Siggers insisted on pull- ing both oars, Bob on steering. They both said I was drunk, and sagaciously advised me to "turn in." Bob, with a look of bland benevolence, told me that he had thought of me, and gave me something to eat, he said wrapped up in brown paper. I opened the parcel and found a beef-bone without a scrap of meat on it. In a strangely zigzag fashion, we went upon our way, but Siggers, who had become exube- rently nautical, maintained that it was "aw right" \--"making boards," he called it, as well as I could make him out. About a mile beyond the town, we ran foul of a pleasure boat, pulled by two young ladies, and steered by a rosy old gentleman, who looked like a clergyman. Thereupon the Dis- senting blood in Siggers manifested itself with most disreputable rampancy. He called the smiling old gentleman "a lazy old locust," and prod- ded at him with an oar. Nothing would satisfy him but "boarding the enemy." One of the young ladies, however, gave him a little poke with her parasol, and the last view they had of him, as they pulled away, was of his heels. As soon as he scrambled up he wanted to pitch into me and directly afterwards he fell asleep. In a few minutes Bob followed his ex- ample. I began to be sick of exploring. Seeing a broad ditch a little way ahead--I no longer thought about "creeks"--I ran the boat in among some bulrushes, and made it fast to a fence. My comrades snored on. I was ravenously hungry, and resolved to land to forage. Bob had been appointed custodian of the common purse--I felt in his pockets, but couldn't find it. Here was a pretty predicament. However, if I could not buy I must beg. I found my way across some fields to one farmhouse, but there they called me a prowling little tramp, and threatened to set the dog on me. I was luckier at another, a little farther off. The farmer's wife gave me a "hunk" of bread and butter, and a mug of milk. Her little ones were having their suppers. They looked so clean and comfortable, and were sure of such snug beds, that when I thought of what must be my bed I was more than ever sick of exploring. When I had finished my supper, the good soul who had given it me became very inquisitive about me. She saw plainly enough that I was a runaway schoolboy. I was half tempted to tell her all, and get an end put to the expedition, but honour--or rather the fear of being called a Miss Nancy--forbade. Discovering on the part of my hospitable hostess a design to get between me and the door, I turned and ran away as fast as my legs would carry me. Of course, I did not make straight for the boat, but doubled and doubled so cunningly that I soon lost myself. It was between ten and eleven before I reached the boat. My com- rades still slept on. Rain had begun to fall. I crept under the tarpaulin, and long lay awake listening to the dreary patter of the drops upon my counterpane. At length, however, I fell asleep, and slept as if I meant to sleep for ever. When I awoke the sun was shining brightly, and my comrades had just awoke, very cross. They all abused me, and then each abused the others. Whilst the wrangle went on, who should make their appearance on the bank above us but the clergymen we had seen the day before, a sturdy farmer, husband of my hostess, and a grinning ploughman. The clergyman at first tried to seem very stern, and frightened us into confession and submission by threatening to commit us as trespassers. He became very kind afterwards however, and walked back with us to the farmer's, where we had a jolly good breakfast, to write a note to Bumpus, asking him to let us off as easily as he could. Back to Bumpus's we were sent in a cart, under the guard of the grinning ploughman and a still more grinning lout, his would- be satirical hobbydehoy of a son. We had to smart under far keener ridicule than his when we got back. The clergyman's note saved us from a flogging, but it did not save us from ordinary work added to the examination. It did not save us either from having to go to school for a couple of hours every day during the first fortnight of the vacation, to do sums with a disagreeable usher who was "staying the holi- days," and whose naturally unamiable temper was not, of course, improved by his having to give up a plump portion of his rare leisure to us. We sent the miller his boat-hire, and paid a man to bring him back his boat. So terrible, however, were the menaces he fulminated against us for spoiling his flowers, that it was weeks before we ven- tured near the mill, and quite a painful piece of diplomacy to prevail upon him to permit us to hire his boats once more. Altogether we were not very proud of our expedition to explore the sources of the Ripple. PETER 'POSSUM. 