KENT TOWN WESLEYAN JUBILEE CHURCH. The foundation-stone of a new church in connection with the Wesleyan body was laid on Monday afternoon, October 10, at Kent Town. The want of a place of worehip in the neighborhood has, it is said, lone been felt ; but circumstances have delayed its commencement till now, Witb the presentation, however, of a suitable block of land by Mr. J. Colton, M.P., and the promised material support of a few liberal gentlemen, the movement was started, and so far the efforts of the pro moters have been successful and gratifying in the ex treme. The services of the day were commenced by the children of the Sabbath-schools in the circuit meeting at 2 o'clock in the Parade Chapel, Norwood, whence they marched, headed by banners, ana In company with their teaohers and friends, to the site of the proposed new edifice. At 3 o'clock the Bev. S. Ironside, the Superintendent of tbe Circuit, gave out the 699th hymn, commencing ' From all that dwell below the skies', which being sung, the Sev. B/.C. Flockart read the second chapter of the Second Book of Chronicles, descriptive of the erection of the temple of Jeru salem. The same rev. gentleman afterwards engaged n prayer, in the course of which he implored God's blessing upon tne work, and expressed tae hope that the building would be a centre of influence from which much good might emanate. Mr. G. P. Habbis next presented the Rev. Mr. Ironside with a handsome trowel and mallet with which to per form the ceremony. The Rev. Mr. Ibonsede then read a copy of the parchment and a list of the contents of the sealed bottle, which was placed in the cavity prepared for it. The documents were as follow : — 'The Wesleyan Methodist Magazine for Adelaide, No. 1, with copies of the circuit plans for Adelaide. First, Second, and Third Circuits ; minutes of the last Australasian Wes leyan Conference, held in Melbourne January last; the Register and Advertiser papers of this day's date; a few cotaa of the realm of the present reign ?, a parchment on which is inscribed as follows:— 'In the name and to the elory of the one God, almighty and everlasting *atner, t-on, ind Holy Ghost, this toundation-stone of the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church was laid by tbe Bev. Samuel Ironside, the Superintendent of the Adelaide Tbird Circuit, on the tenth day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and in the twenty seventh year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, Sir Dominick Daly, K.C.B., Governor of the colony of Sooth Australia. This building is called the Jubilee Church, as it is being erected In the jubilee year of the Wesleyan Missionary Society and of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church The Bev. James Buller, of New Zealand, President of the Conference ; the Rev. John Watsford, Chairman o the DiBtrict of South Australia ; the following gentlemen being traBteea of the church, viz. :— John Ballantyne, Richard N. Bennets, James Billing-, William Clark, John Colton, M.P., Robert N. Gault, Henry Gobs, George P. Osiris, Michael Kingsborough, Thomas Padman, Charles Pitt, William Rhodes, W. H. Sharland, R. E. Tapley. Architects— Messrs. Wright & Woods. Builders— Messrs. English & Brown. M. Kingsborough, Esq., Treasurer B. E. Tapley, Esq., Secretary. 'Except the Lord build the house they labor in vain that build it' — Psalms OXXVU.. I.1 ' The Rev. Mr. Ironside having pronounced the stone duly laid, made a short address, in the course of which he observed that it was with great pleasure that be accepted the wish of the trustees of tbe new building to lay the founda tion stone, and said there was nothing which he had done since bis connection with the pro vince that he should look upon witb greater gratification. They built that bonse of prayer not in opposition to any Christian Church, the motto of the Wesleyan Chorea brine ' We are friends of all, and enemies of none.' There was no other place of worship in tbe neighborhood, and a large number of persons dependent upon their ministry lived in the neighborhood, so that they regarded the erection of 0. sanctuary there as being neoessary for their operations. They erected it believing God wonld bless it. He was greatly delighted to see so numerous an attendance, sanc tioning th« important and neoessary undertaking. The children of the schools then sang two verses of the following Jubilee hymn, composed by the Rev. Thornley Smith : — ' Hark! the joyous sound is swelling, Harkl the song of Jubilee; Of the Saviour's triumphs telling, Of his conquests yet to be. Jubilate! Jubilate! Christ shall reign from sea to sea ' Missions! Missions! they were founded, Heathen nations to release ; Faithful men went forth and sounded The glad trump proclaiming peace. Jubilate ! Jubilate ! Never shall the tidings cease. ' Fifty years ago the story Of the love of God to man. Spread in richer streams the glory Than when first the work began. Jubilate! Jubilate! Thousands heard of mercy's plan, ' Rich has been the tide of blessing, Loud the song of liberty ; Light has pierced the Indian's dwelling, Afric's sons have been set free. Jubilate! Jubilate! Saviour we rejoice in tbee. ' See the Gospel Banner waving Where the Hindoo's temDle stood ; See the isles of Fiji craving' For the bread of life as food. Jubilate! Jubilate! They no longer thirst for blood. ' Far and near our Churches flourish. Myriads chant their joyful lays ; Schools the children guide and nourish, Old and young bosannahs raise. Jubilate! Jubilate! Great Redeemer ! Thee we praise. ' Wider fields are still before as. Where to sow the precious seed ; And that seed from beav'n's rich storehouse Will supply the world's vast need. Jubilate! Jubilate! Onward let the work proceed. 'Bring your offerings, Christians, bring them, Bring your offerings, rich and poor ; Bring your sons and daughters, bring them, Let them enter every door. Jubilate! Jubilate! Spread the tidings more and more. ' May we catch our father's spirit, I11 this year of Jubilee ; May we all tbeir zeal inherit. Fall of faith and courage be. Jubilate! Jubilate! Lord, we give ourselves to thee.' The Rev. John Watsfobd next delivered an address' but excused himself from speaking long owing- to the op pressiveness of the weather. He said every Christian must rejoice In the erection of another house of prayer. To him it was very pleasing to see so many Churches erected and being erected in South Australia, and especially in Adelaide. They laid tbe foundation-stone of that Chapel, because in it the glorious gospel of the blessed God would be proclaimed. If anybody asked what Christian truths would be preached there, he would say in the language of old Methodism ? ' A present salvation for all men from all sin.' They taught the doctrine that Christ had died not only for their Bins bat for the sins of tbe whole world—a doctrine which, as Dr. Guthrie said, bound ' the throne of mercy round, and perish the hand that shortens it a hair's breadth.' They preached salvation for all men— that it was the privilege of the believer not only to be forgiven, but to be cleansed from all unrighteousness, and to be preserved body, soul, and spirit blameless until the day of the coming of Christ They preached all that to be attained in this life by faith in Christ Jesus. They also rejoiced in tbat hon«e heauixe if. would not only be a commodious but an elegant and a beautiful building. That it would be good they knew because it was in the right hands. They did not think that beautiful structures— that architectural order and beauty — were neces sary to achieve tbe great work they had to perform. Their forefathers preached in barnB, mud houses, and log hats, and God's blessing rested upon them, for they were instru mental in saving many souls. But they believed they, were in a better position to dedicate more worthy structures to the service of tbe Most High, and they recognised it to be their duty to do so. They further rejoiced that friends had come forward to assist them in the undertaking. They were not believers in mere outward form ; but they toped and trusted that through the instrumentality of that erection, and the means of grace afforded with it, that the conversion of many souls wonld be attained, as it was tbat alone which would satisfy them. He hoped that tbeir communion rail would be thronged with broken-hearted penitents, seeking the mercy of God, and then the place would not be built in vain. He prayed that God would bless the erection, and that He would preserve the workmen from accident and evil. Tbe rev. gentleman then announced tbat the collection would be made. The collection, consisting chiefly of voluntary offerings on the foundation-stone, amounted to abont £14. The Rev. J. Cope then gave out the 737th hymn, part of which being- sung, he closed this part of the proceedings by prayer and the benediction. We subjoin an architectural description of the proposed building : — 'This new building is to be cruciform in plan, with a tower and steeple at the north-eastern intersection of the nave and aisle walls, and when finished will be capable of accommodating 1,000 persons. It is proposed at present to build tbe nave only, which will he 70 feet long, 40 feet wide, and 53 feet to the ridge, and will hold 440 persons. The design is transition gothic, lighted by six lancet windows on one side and five on the other, and by two small windows and one large tracery window in front. The former are so arranged that one-half of each window will open, but the latter is to be filled with stained glass. The entrance is through a large door in front and another under the tower, both being rich with mouldings, opening inside into a screen under the choir. Tbe inside of the building will receive Its adornment from the roof, which will be open and supported on moulded principals, resting on carved corbels, and will be stained to represent oak; the ceiling will be boarded and painted white, thus giving a good relief to the principal timbers. The ceiling is not open to the ridge, but is finished at the collar beam, so as to leave a good space for heated air. Ventilation is continued through air gratings in the walls under the floor and in the aisles, tbence it escapes through perforations in the ceiling into the open air, through numerous apertures in the roof- The walls are of Dry Creek rubble masonry, neatly pointed with cut stone dressings. The roof is to be slate. The designs are by Messrs. Wright and Woods, and the builders Messrs. English & Brown, who have contracted to build the nave for £2,755.' THE TEA AND PUBLIC MEETING. The children were regaled with refreshments; and a tea for the elder friends was provided in a booth erected on the ground. It was attended by about 40) persona ; and after tbe removal of the tea things, the public meeting was commenced. The meeting was largely attended, the booth being quite filled. Mr. John Colton, M.P., presided. After the usual pre liminaries, Mr. M. Kingsborough, Treasurer to the Trust, read a financial statement showing- what had been done towards the building already. It appeared that the sum of £1,137 4S. had been collected or promised, including dona tions of £200 by Mr. Colton, £100 by Mr. F. H. Fauldine, and £100 by Mr. G. P. Harris. The afternoon's collection realized £13 19s. 5d., and the tea meeting £15 8s., making a clear total of £1,166 us. 6d. (Cheers.) The Chateman then commenced his address, humorously alluding to tbe structure in which they were met; but remarking, that notwithstanding this he trusted their gathering might be profitable in many respects— not only in a pecuniary sense, but in the information and good tbat might be done. They all knew tbat he felt considerable in terest in their present proceedings. For many years it bad been considered essential that a place of worship should be erected in Kent Town ; and the site was deemed suitable and elevated, so tbat the structure would stand out and make itself known to all. He believed the exterior of the new building would be exceedingly pleasing. They did not ignore ornament in con nection witb. places of worship; on the contrary they thought it was right. (Cheers.) He was also satisfied that the Interior would not only be comfortable, but beautiful, and such as to reflect credit upon their Church throughout the colony. The necessity for the erection most appear to every mind that studied the question. Pirie-street was able to accommodate 1,200 persons, and upwards of 1,000 sittings were let. They had been obliged to refuse accommodation in that Chapel to many families. With respect to tbeir Church at Norwood, he was told tbat all tbe sittings were taken up, and tbat they bad no accommodation for the in creasing population of the neighborhood. With these facts then before them they could not bat admit that another erection was essential, and that it could be supported with out draining either of the other sanctuaries. The trustees,, with whom he rejoiced to be associated, bad gone fully into the question, and they believed that God would biess the undertaking which they had tbat day commenced. He did not wish unduly to estimate Methodism, but he had a few statistics, which he should like to give them. They had close upon 120 placeB of worship in the colony, and res peotable places, too ; they were not 'jwattle-and-dab,' and the foundation-stones of others were being laid. They gave accommodation for 21,000 of the population of South Australia. This was about one-seventh of the whole colony; and in Viotoria, where Roman Catholicism was so rampant they had accommodation for about one-twelfth of the whole population ; and in New South Wales their proportion was not so favorable, being about one-twenty-third. Therefore they had reason to congratulate themselves upon the work they were doing in South Australia, It was satisfactory to know that they had not commenced a building before it was really necessary. The erection had long been contemplated, but they had never seen tbeir wav clear to commence the undertaking until now. They bad now, however, commenced it, and he was glad to see so many friends from different parts present, for they wanted their sympathy, their prayers, and their money. After a few other remarks, which were much ap plauded, he called upon The Bev. W. Brown, who moved the following resolution ?- 'That this meeting, being persuaded of the great necessity of providing church accommodation for the rising and im portant district of Kent Town, which as yet possesses neither church nor chapel, rejoices that at length the foun dation-stone of a substantial, commodious place of worship has been this day laid.' He rejoiced in those services, and he pitied the mau who could not rejoice in them. The asso ciations in connection with the laying of tbe stone were of a joyous kind, but there were other matters for joyousness. He rejoiced that tbe sanctuary was dedicated, not to one particular sect, but to the Triune God. He rejoiced also tbat they would there have a ministry that would preach the Gospel in its simplicity. He rejoiced also that they were carrying out their denominational responsibilities. He re j oicea that in tbat township they were goingto erect a building that would be a credit to the village and an honor to the body. (Cheers.) Methodism came to them in its vast responsibilities and in its blessed privileges. Their fathers sustained tbe churches in all tbeir integrity— they provided for them, and they in turn must provide for their children, so as to preserve, extend, and perpetuate Methodism upon the earth. He rejoiced also because the erection of tbe pro posed edifice would give them another channel for the out flowings of their liberality; Giving was a means of grace, and why should they deny their people the realization of that happiness which Christian benevolence seenred. After relating an anecdote illustrative of the joyousness of giving, he proceeded to remark that he might present many other reasons for rejoicing ; but time would not allow him. They would rejoice, and no man should take away their oy (Applause.) Mr. T. Padman said the movement had his hearty sup port, and he was sure none of them would regret having subscribed towards the building, for he felt convinced that nothing would be preached in it except the pure principles of the Gospel, which contained according to Rowland Hill three cardinal doctrines : — ' Ruin of man by Bin : Redemp tion of the world by Jesus Christ ; and Regeneration of our nature by the Holy Ghost.' These three 'r'g' would be pro claimed in the new building ; but iu order to do this they wanted the assistance and co- operation of all interested in it, which he urgently besought. He cordially seconded the resolution. The resolution was carried. uT,hetch,5ir h£re rendered the anthem ' When the Lord shall build up Zion,' in a very creditable manner. The Rev. John Cope proposed the secoml resolution. which was to the following effect :-'That as the trustees of the Kent Town Jubilee Church have laid themselves under considerable pecuniary obligations in their endeavor to meet the religious wants of this locality, this meeting pledges itself to assist the trustees in their undertaking to the utmost of their power.' He, too, expressed great pleasure at being present on that occasion; and then proceeded to commend the resolution to the meeting. The Chairman, he said, had so clearly shown the necessity of the erection, that be did not see how they, as Wesleyans, could shirk their obligations to support it He had great pleasure in moving the resolution, but he should not confine himself wholly to pleading to them to liquidate their responsibilities, for he felt quite sore they would do that without any urging from him. They might look at a place of worship in so far as they were interested in it. There was a commer cial view to take of the matter, and that was that if they would have a thing worth the having they must nav for it. A place of worship was calculated to exert great influence - it was a teatimony in itself for God. No inhabitants could see it or listen to the bell without knowing its existence- ' and the silent testimony of the fabric would be daiveyed and would no doubt sometimes do good. Then, aaain, a ? ?^OupmttaMumA a place ol worship was a delirable \ spot to reside in— (hear) -for no one otrald avoid feeling the : leavening and beneficial influences which it exerted: He was very glad tbat they were going to erect a suitable and hand some building. He had no sympathy with barn-like build Ings when the people could aflord to erect a better one. (Cheers.) He was not fond of too much ornament; but their sanctuaries should be such as would accord with the beauty and holiness of the Lord. If they made it comfortable their children would be the more pleased with it, the more likely Jo join in its sacred exercises, and it would doubtless stimu late them to support it by their gifts. He had been speaking to them in the light of interest, but he would now turn to another aspect bf the question— tbat of duty. It might be I j ,}? tne New Testament dispensation released them irom dedicating a certain portion or tlitir income to the ser ISflr0™1 J?nd leased them from the injunctions and obligations of the laws of Moses. He admitted this, but he still contended that the spirit of the old dispensation wag merged.1 into the New Testament dispensation and ran throngn it rney were to emulate the character of Jesus, who though ne was neb. yet for their Bakes became poor, Let them be His disciples, and let them show by their deeds that they were actnated by the same principles which guided him. He would not longer detain them from hearing their friend Mr. Flockart, who bad a long speech to °ive them (Applause.) The Rev. B. C. Flockart seconded the resolution, and I said he had been made most happy by the day's engage 1 menta. When he looked upon the intelligent and deeply 1 interesting meeting he felt very proud, for infidelity never collected a gathering like that. (Caeer.«. ) He had Jooked at the foundation-atone which had that day beau laid ; and Uo was not disposed to quarrel about their calling the building a 'Church,' as the longer he lived the uselessneas of I Dickering about trifles and the importance of preaching-only I tbe cardinal principles of Christianity became the more apparent to him. (Applause.) He was glad that they had connected the word 'Jubilee' with the buUding; forwbat thoughts did it call up ! In the year 1833 the ship Fanny was wrecked on the coast of Encounter Bay. The late Rev. Mr. Longbottom, with his excellent wife and son. were in that vessel, and little did they think of the great results which would flow from the labours of that minister. The chapel in which they were worshipping soon became too small, and twelvemonths after the wreck of the Fanny a sanctuary was opened in- Gawler-place, then in the busli. Afterwards the building was sold to tbe Baptists, and be trusted the friendly relations whiah subsisted between them would be perpetuated, for they were the ' friends of all and the enemies of none.' (Plaudits.) At this time he gaid they were connected with the Sydney district, and a gentleman writing from England suggested that tbe ministers should preach in Sydney in the morning, in Mel bourne in the afternoon, and in Adelaide in the evening. (Laughter.) When Mr. Longbottom arrived there were six local preachers, seven class leaders, 50 church members, and 100 Sunday-school children. Now, however, they had lflS local preachers, 241 class leaders, 3,432 church members, and f ,251 scholars, who were connected with 110 schools. If they had competitive examinations in connection with their reli gions denominations he felt snre even Mr. Gardner wourt admit that they had done their spellings well. (Laughter and cheers.) In 1840 Mr. Longbottom left through illness for New Zealand, and his place was supplied by Mr. Egoie ston and Mr. Weatherstone. In 1S43 and '44 great misrepresentations were circulated about them and In the latter year they were struck off the' roll by the district at home; but by prayer the breach was afterwards repaired. In 1314 Mr. Longbottom returned to them. After him they had Mr. Draper, then Mr. Butters, and now they had Mr. Watsford, who was leading on the band to conquest and victory. (Cheers ) With reference to the money question involved in the motion, many might say they had already given, or that they had no money. But there was money everywhere, and he was not going to insult that Jubilee meeting by begging. Let them do tbeir duty, and God would be witb them, and bless them. The progress of Methodists was always for ward; they made no provision for progress backward. Let them go onward and conquest was certain. (Loud ap plause.) The Chairman here announced that the collection would take place, and in doing so be stated tbat tbe cost of the building, including fencing, &c.;, would not be less tbau £3,000. Tbe Conference requirements rendered it necessary that tbe trustees should see their way clear to tbe attain ment of at least two-thirds of the total amount. This they did, andjeonsequently they commenced the buildinsr. They exjieccea to De aDie to open 11 in Jiiay next, ana as soon as the roof was on the ladies would hold a bazaar in the building. The collection in cash and promises amounted to a little over £37, making about .£1,200 altogether. The choir sang the anthem 'Hearten unto me,' very well. The Rev. H. T. Burgess moved -That the thanks of this meeting be presented to the Kev. J. Watsford, for his very valuable addresB that afternoon.' The resolution needed no recommendation at his hands, as Mr. Watsford had by his manliness and zeal won bis way into the affection and respect of all Wesleyans. The address that afternoon, though brief, was a clear enunciation of the great principles of Methodism. Mr. W. H. Shabland tersely seconded the motion, which was can-red. Tbe Rev. M. Wilson proposed in a neat speech a vote of thanks to the ladies, to the stewards, to the choir, to 3lr. Justice Gwynneforhis present to the children of orano-e*, aud to Mr. Cramond for supplying water. .- Mr. H. Goss seconded the motion, which was agreed to. The anthem 'Thine, O Lord' was here given by the choir with excellent effect. Mr. G. P. Harris proposed, in a few complimentary woras, a vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was seconded by the Rev. S. Ironside, 'in large capitals.' The motion was carried, and briefly acknowledged, after which the proceedings were brought to a close by the doxology and benediction. 