NEW ZEALAND. OTAGO. Wo havo our files from Otago to tho 12th inst. Wo extract tho following : — Reported Discovery or Native Stlver ani- CoiTr.it in the Lake District. — Tho weather con tinued very fine up to yesterday afternoon, wlieu rain nnd snow set in heaviiy ; tho wind blowing in strong gusts. Tho flats about tho Arrow, and down to the Shotover, aro covered to tho depth tu several lucues mis niiemooii, uuu il is now freezing hnrd. Tho livors aro very low — a dog can cross tho Shotover ford in tho Franklyn road without having to swim ; and tho old ford, which has been dangerous for somo timo, is now again passable. Satisfactory accounts reach mo from overy part of tho district. It will not bo neces sary to alludo moro particularly to places men tioned in my last report ; it is in my powor, how ever, to furnish authentic information with regard to localities not so generally known as Maori and Arthur's Points, but not less important to tho mining community. Looking at tho map of tho Wakatipu Gold-field, wo will seo that Moke Creek empties itsolf into tho Shotover some distanco abovo Arthur's Point. At this junction, four or fivo par ties havo lately taken up now claims, and aro now busily at work turning tho stream, and pushing on tho necessary preliminary operations. Iu Moko Creek, tho diggings extend over a considcr ablo distanco, and probably there aro not less than 200 miners employed. Most parties are working the creek bed, and havo been doing exceed ingly well. Somo -10 or 50«are engaged ill sluicing ; tho operations for which aro on a moro extensivo scalo than in any part of these gold-fields. The United Company, 15 in number, haTo taken up an area of worked ground, beach and bank, nnd are ground sluicing away everything with threo falls of water. Out of not quite ono-Feventh of this claim they have already realised, clear of expenses, 2 lb weight a man. Tho miners combine hero in largo parties, so that tho necessary works, whether for sluicing or drainage, exceed in magniiudo and effi ciency of construction anything possiblo to tho few mates in all ordinary claims. On tho shores of tho Lako I discovered several pieces of quartz rock con taining a whito metal. I intend to assay it to morrow. It is either metallic silver or pnlladium of platinum. I am almost certain it contains tho first named metal very rich, and would yield, according to this specimen, at least £500 worth of silver to tho ton of quartz. It is worth mentioning as a valu ablo discovery, although only a scrap, us indi cating tho existence of silver in tho district. Silver in its occurrence is moro favorable than gold, for it invariably gets richer in penetrating tho lode. I may stato that tho assay- alluded to having been effected leaves no doubt that the speci men is silver oro of a very rich quality. In tbo account of tho discovery of the now gold-lield north ward of tho Lake, published iu tho Mail, particular mention was mado of large areas of agricultural laud. Barringtou, one of tho party, states that this is altogothor a mistako — that ho saw no ground alto gether worth £1, for purposes of cultivation. Ho is firm in his opinion thero is a run of gold N.W. from tho Lake. Quartz reefs exist, but for various rea sons ho does not think that they can over bo mado available, us, independently of tho expenso which must for years ensuo in getting machinery on tho ground, tho casing of tho reefs is so hard as almost to preclude their being successfully worked. — Cor- respondent Otago Times, Juno 29. Discovery of Coal in tiie Cardhona Valley. — A thick seam of excellent coal lias been discovered in tho Cardrona, and it is believed by competent authority can bo traced through the range as far ns tho ICawarau. Threo or four seams of excellent lignite havo long been known, and mado uso of by tho miners. It burns well, without unpleasant odor, and much resembles in appearance the far famed cannel coal. — Otago Daily Times, July 12. Death prom Exposure to the Cold. — A very painful case of exposure lias just occurred, and has very nearly resulted in the death of tho con stable employed. It appears that somo sixteen days ago a party of three miners wero crossing a portion of tho range between this and tho Waikia, when one of their number (William Pitts) snddenly declared himself unable to proceed, and sat down. Ho then said that ho was done up, and must have somo tea beforo ho could proceed. Ono of his mateB, seeing his state, started to procure food, and was shortly followed by the other, bent upon tho same object. Upon their return they found thoir unfortunate comrade dead. Tho weather during their journey had, of course, been fearful. Infor mation 'was at . onco brought by tho survivors to tho police at tlio Teviot. It was decided that to bring in tho body would bo a work of impossi bility, and Police-Constable O'Neil was despatched to seo tho body buried, &c.;, &c.; Ho left on tho morning of tho 25tli ultimo, and on tho evening of tho 27th mado the spot where tho body lay, having undorgono some privations in travelling over somo twonty-eight miles of tlio worst country to bo found in Otago. Tho constable then made a coffin out of an old sluice-box, and the following morning buried tho body — after having dragged tho coffin over the snow a distanco of upwards of a mile. Tho party, threo in number, then started on their return journey, and woro soon overtaken by a snow storm of a terrific nature, during which they had to forsake their swags, containing all their provi sions ; and had it not been for the intrepidity of ono of the party, a miner named Neal, all must havo perished. This man appears to have supported both the others, or nearly so, for a considerable distance, till at last thoy reached tho Shelter Shed, six miles from the Gorge, This they found half full of snow, without food of any kind, aud as a place of shelter, perfectly useless. To remain in it was certain death. It was then snowing a perfect hurricane ; but proceed they must and did, and at length reached tho next shed, two miles from tho other, frost bitten, snow-blind, and thoroughly dono up. Hero they found four men, who had somo bread, butter, and tea, which scanty fare — oh, how welcome — saved their lives. Two days afterwnrds, we wero all over-joyed to seo Constable O'Neil return, though a very ghost of his former self. An in quiry has been held before W. L. Simpson, Esq., R.M., anent tho death of the unfortunate _ man, William Pitts, at which the depositions of his mates wero taken. Great praiso is duo to Constable O'Neil, for tho very unflinching manner in which ho carried out his difficult and dangerous duty, as well as to the mates of tlio deceased, who accom panied tho constable upon his trying mission. — Mount Bengor Correspondent Otago Times, July 2G. Lost and Died in the Snow. — Tho inquest on tho unfortunato Mr Kellett was held, on Saturday last, at tho Robin Hood Hotel. It appears that, on his way to Hindon, he stopped ono night at Mr Stewart's, about eight miles this side of that town ship. On the following morning (tho 29th) he started on foot to Hindon, leaving his horse at Mr Stewart's. Ho reached there in safety, aud set out to return back about ono o'clock p.m. of tho samo day, but n short time nfterwurds a Bovero snow storm came on. Deceased must havo then lost his way, and, after wandering about some time, at length lay down to die where his body was found, near tho Fortifications. A verdict that ho died from expo sure to cold was returned. Thoro was not tho smallest reason for suspicion of foul play, and tho investigation was very short. On tho poison of de ceased £1 IGs Gd iu money, a silver watch and gold guard, a gold ring, a pencil and a portemonnaie wero found, and handed to Mr Cuddeford, liis lato part ner. Deceased was much respected, nnd his melan choly fate is deeply lamented. At the funeral, which took place on Saturday afternoon, a large number of persons attended to pay the last tribute of respect to his memory. The rigors op winter havo produced their usual consequences to travellers in tho interior. On Wednesday evening last, Cobb's coach had to pro ceed through one of the severest snowstorms that have been experienced in Otago. Between West Tnieri and tho Deep Stream, a continuous fall of snow, accompanied by terrific winds, prevailed. On going up the Tnieri hill, n trace broke, and was repaired only with great difficulty. On reaching the summit, tho drifting snow was so intense as to make it almost impossible to proceed ; in fact, but for tho indomitablo pluck of tho driver and pas sengers, they would all havo had to remain out during tho night. So intenso was tho cold that a passenger, whilst casually holding the reins for the driver, had his fingers frost-bitten in a fow moments. Both np and down coaches were delayed by the snow on tho Laminerluw ranges, nnd tho drivers and passengei-B suffered excessively from tho severe cold. Iu future, the coaches will take the route via Waikouaiti, which is much less ex posed than tho usual track. — Oiago Daily Times, July 5. Hamilton's. — The fine duys, resembling summer moro than anything else, that havo been since the date of my last, have had an enlivening effect on the population here, and will no doubt tend much to in crease the escort by tho latter end of this week. Tho claims on tho new rush, near Pigburn Creek, mentioned in my last, are continuing to pay remu nerative wages, and a pennyweight to the dith in one or two claims has been had [this weolc. Tho population stands about tho samo, although thoro is a better opinion gaining grouud rogarding tho rush, and could tho How of water bo avoidod many would set in. A catastrophe of tho Sheffield tragedy cha racter took place licro, I am sorry to sny, but with out any loss of lifo, namely, tho bursting of tlio United Company's dam, this week, constructed with much labor and great expenso closo to tho Perse verance Company's, at tho hill workings, ovidently acted upon by tho intense frosts that wo havo had latoly. -It suddenly bnrst away, about ton o'clock on Suturdaj' evening, and flowing into that of the Persoveranco Company's, brought its contents along with it, and the wholo mass of water, with huge blocks of ice accompanying it, swept down tho main creek, levelling all in its course, covering ^ claims with tailings, and carrying away, shattered in most cases by tho ico, sluice-boxes, cradles, tubs, shovels and picks, nono know whero. At present I cannot estimato tho damage that has been caused by this unfortunato mishap, but I fear its consequences will fall heavily upon tho United Company, than whom more industrious and steady men do not exist. I do not know how it is, but tho proprietors of both races hero havo had moro difficulties to contend with than any men who havo expended timo and capital ou other fields that I havo heard of. Frost and tho want of soil on the range's sido liavo been their de termined opponents over sinco they havo had the wator in, and they havo now ' capped tho climax.' — Correspondent Otago Times, July 4. 