LATEST COLONIAL- (By Electric Telegraph.) The Black Swan passed through the Heads, yesterday morning, and landed the following message for the ' Advertiser :'— MELBOURNE, MONDAY. We summarise business for the past few days. For malt there is a fair demand springing up, at from 7s Gd to 8s, according to condition. Of teas a sale of about 200 half- chests of common congou is reported at about former quotations. The flour market is steady at £22 10s, for best Adelaide; for small lots of Chilian, £20 10s is asked. The arrival of the Lightning with wheat, from England, has in uo wise affected the market. The quantity on board was 10,000 bushels, consigned to Messrs Callender & Co., of this city. All available stock of Patua rice, the bulk of which was in the hands of one firm, including the balance of the Akbar Bordeaux's cargo, with that of the Laudwuhrden's to arrive, has been bought up at very full prices. The Chillitigham's cargo, abouf 500 tons, has also changcd hands afloat, being at extreme rates. The large trade demand for tobacco, which was dormant for some time, has set in within the last day or two, and it is anticipated that much higher prices will be got. It was considered that the prices obtained for Southern twists, quality considered, was from 3d to 4d above rates lately obtained. The brands were Childrey's, Jones', Sullen's, Kerr's, Barrett's, and Crown. The increased firmness of market is attributed to the country orders received in anticipation of a duty being imposed by the Federal Government. After the sale a considerable panel of Orion twist, (Southern) was placed at rates believed to have been full. At auction a rise of about 20s per "ton in Sugar has been obtained. Extensive sales of Tobaccos by Fraser and Co., to the order of Gibbs, Ronald, and Co have taken place. There was a large attendance of the trade and considerable competition, altogether 632 packages disposed of. Sales of new rice in small parcels were made at £23. The flour market remains firm but quiet. South Australian wheat is held for 10s and it iB reported that from 9s 6d to 9s 9d has been refused for a parcel of Californian wheat on board the Lightning. The Caroline Coventry from London has arrived at Sydney with 2000 barrels of American flour. The competition of the steamers in the Sydney trade has brought down the steerage passage rates to a remarkably low figure. Passengers are now booked by one of these steamers at 20s (at d even lower) to Sydney; and 60s to Brisbane. A considerable parcel of Kentucky Tobacco leaf is again said to have changcd hands at Is; this is a high figure, but the quality is stated to Be very fiue. For best brands of Kerosene oil, there are buyers at 5s to-day, holders ask more, but would sell at 5s 3d. Offers for Castor oil to arrive,' can only be obtained at 4s. Mofiiit of the Derwent and Tamar Insurance Company , has been appointed Secretary of the new Insurance Company. Sydney declines to aid the efforts to isolate Western Australia in the proposed fortnightly mail, or to arrange respecting the border duties. The ' Argus' in a series of articles seeks to throw an odium on Tasmania, as the source from whence our convict element arises. The Salmon are to be deposited in the Badger creek, a tributary of the Yarra. The Chief Secretary-gives an outline of the measures the government will submit to Parliament on the land question. Tbe arbitrary distinction between waste lands colored white aud blue in the Parliamentary Map is to be abolished. Agricultural lauds arc to be open for selection within the surveyed' areas in allotments of from 40 to 040 acres, on lease for 5 years at ttye rate of 2s per acre per annum. No lease for more than G40 acres to be granted to any one selector within one year. Improvements made by selectors to be valued to him at the end of the lease, and the allotment to be offered at auction at the upset price of £1 per acre ; selector.-! having complied with the conditions, to have the right of demanding that the allotments occupied by them shall be sold at auction any time after the expiring of one year from the date of the selection. Mr McCuIIoch theu adverts to the necessity of a Reform iu the Legislative Council. The Government have determined on submitting to Parliament a Bill to reduce by one-half the property qualifications of members and voters for the Legislative Council, and to reduce to five years the period for which members are elected. A measure will be proposed to alter the Common Schools Act, with a view of ensuring more direct responsibility to Parliament. On the Transportation Question, Mr M'Culloch says the Government have adopted a course, that it is hoped will convince the Imperial authorities that they are prepared to make any sacrifice to secure exemption from the. curse of convictism. Further measures will in all probability be necessary, and the Government will not be slow to deal with them. He then adverts to the question of border duties, admitting that | the action of tbe Government of New South I Wales renders a revision of the existing customs tariff necessary. A rrived— Entered Outwards, 1st September— There is intelligence from Auckland to the 11th ultimo, showing more distinctly the prospects of peace. Dates from the Cape of Good Hope are to 14th July. Considerable uneasiness was felt at some recent proceedings of the Kaffir Chief, Kreli, but the Commander of the Forces announced in Graham's Town, at the Mayor's dinner, that he did not apprehend a Kaffir war at present. Jjishop Colenso has declared his intention to return to Natal after his petition to her Majesty has been replied to. There is to be a meeting of persons willing to co-operate in sending expirees to England this afternoon. LUDICROUS CIKCDMSTAITCE AT THE MARKET DBAYTONTHEATBE, SHROPSHIRE,™ 1801.—In au old periodical of this date, which I picked up at. an old book-stall, is the following humorous story, which appears at the time to have been duly authenticated. Itruns thus:—"Aludicrous circumstance lately occurred at the Market Drayton Theatre. The company were performing ' Pizarro,' when, during the hymn to the sun, the lights being placed too near to the transparent scene ol that luminary, it unfortuuately took fire! The manager who was officiating as high priest, just after singing the words ' O power supreme!' observed the mishap, and in the utmost consternation shouted out to tbe stagekeeper, 'The sun's on fire!' Still, however, he proceeded with the liyniu, aud again, after the words before quoted, the poor manager franticallyexclaimed, '^Gracious, man, put out the sun! don't I tell youit's on fire'.The sun, however, continued to blaze, and the manager to alternately sing, and even swear, till the audience, notwithstanding their own fears, were literally convulsed with laughter. The sun however, was ultimately extinguished, and the play proceeded."—Another writer adds:-—"The late theatrical accident iu Shropshire is not the first instance of a manager being scorched by a flame of his own kindling. During the time r • ,. . f . , , ' of Mr Garricks performance in Goodman's I .fciclds the stage rose so much from the lamps i to the back scenery that it was very difficult for a performer to walk properly on it, 1 and unfortunately it was then the custom to introduce their ghosts (in the j play of ' .1 amlet'), in a complete suit— not of gilt leather—but of real armour. The j „ 4v• „„„,,„.. . , I dress for this august personage was one night, in honour ot Sir Garrick s liamlct, borrowed from the Tower, and was consequently rather i too ponderous for the royal Dane. The I moment; therefore, that he was put at the trapdoor, unable to keep his balance, he rolled down the stage to the lamps, which catching the feather in his helmet the ghost seemed in danger of being consumed by mortal fires, till a gentleman roared outfrom the pit, 'Help! Help! the lamps have caught the cask of your spirits, and, if the iron hoops fly, the house will be in a blaze! The commotion may be easily imagined. The curtain dropped, and the affrighted attendants ran on the stage carried ofl'theghost, and quenche laying him in a tub of water." THE DAUBS.—People breakfast at nine, dine at three, ^ and sup at ten, on returning from the theatre or the public gardens. Soup follows the fish, and smoked salmon is served up with meat. Tea is taken to breakfast— milk at supper. The theatre opens at five and closes at nine. The hours for dinner and theatre, albeit denounced by M. de Flaux as a century behindhand, are in reality the best adapted for the preservation of health and longevity. The celebrated equestrian Itcntz, whuv with liis company, is at in whiter, spends the summer in the North, and more - especially in Copenhagen, whose inhabitants are especially partial to horsemanship. The Court attend these circuses with the simplicity of citizens. The loyalty and probity of the Danes in proverbial. M. de Flaux, a Romanist, aays—" It is marvellous to see in how short a time Protestantism lias subdued and moralized them." The. coasts of Zeelaud and the archipelago were of yore the repaira of bandit. The hardy natives despised agriculture, and, devoted themselves wholly to fishingand piracy. Everyman was a wrecker, even the Bishop at their head. There is now neither burglar, highwayman, nor wrecker in the land. If there is a thief, ten to oueheisan alien. Every-' ; where marshes and forests are giving way to fat pastures and magnificent crops. The people have to come down from the hills, whence they used to watch the stoim-tossed ships as their proximate prey, and have gathered togetherin villages,and in towns. The comfort and cleanliness of a Dauish cottage can only find its rival in England. The people have also become as calm aud as pacific as orce they were turbulent aud bellicose. In their public gardens, their markets, or even their taverns, such a thing as a quarrel or a row is almost unheard of.— GABIBALDL—A meeting of the City Garibaldi Committee was held on Monday evening at the London Tavern. After some discussion it was resolved that for the present the testimonial fund should be closed. Mr J. Richardson 'mentioned that he had good reason to believe that Garibaldi would revisit England before long. A Philadelphia paper, under the appropriate headiug of " The Balance of Blbod," adds up the losses of the Federals and Confederates during the war to the end of 18G3. According to this statement the Confederates lost 28,147 killed, 99.4G9 wounded, 89,049 prisoners,and 130,000 men who have died of fever and other diseases—in all, 347,465 men. The Federals have lost 40,9G6 killed 132,745 wounded; and 89,959 prisoners, besides no less than 290,000 men who have perished of fever, making a total of 552,728 men; or au aggregate on both sides of over 900,000 men—a frightful total which by this time has probably increased to seven figures. It will be observed that while the number of prisoners is nearly the same on both sides, and the losses in killed and wounded are about proportionate, there is an enormous excess of Federals who have died in camp. We learn from the same source that there has been an extraordinary increase in the number uf women admitted into asylums who have become insane though the loss of brothers, sons, or husbands. Such are some of the losses of the war to put against the enormous gains of the New York contractors and the shoddyocracy. THE WRONG STOMACH.—'Boston' (U.S.) Traveller tells a story of a lady who was staying with her husband at an hotel, In the night the husband was taken veiy ill with spasms iu the stomach. The wife went and procured some mustard and made a poultice in his handkerchief. She returned, as she thought to his room, and raising the bedclothes, &c.;, laid the warm poultice upon a stomach but not the stomach of her lord." Hallo there? What the—are you about?" shouted a voice of thunder, and the body and sleeves, whence it issued, sprung out of bed. The lady screamed and ran; her husband rushed to the rescue from the next room, the waiters joined, and a small scene ensued, much to the amusement of all concerned. Mercury. Midas. d the fire, by —Shrewsbury Chronicle.' 'Colburu's New Monthly Magazine.' 