T&UHSDAT;, JUNE IG, 186a. ?. Among tho Parliamentary papers re- cently received from the mother country, there is one which should have a pecu- liar interest for the people of Melbourne. The report of the Metropolitan Board of Works to tho Imperial Parliament for the year 1802-3, contains a history of the progress which was made during ; that year in what we do not hesi- tate to pronounce one of tho greatest undertakings of modern times. In carrying out the main drainage scheme, which forms the principal subject matter of the report, the Board of Works ia doing for the giant metro- polis of the 'British, empire "what the citizens of Melbourne havo not dared to undertako for their comparatively puny city. Diffidence is not, on the whole, a pre- vailing weakness with us Victorians. We exhibit but little backwardness to indulge at times in highly " odorous" comparisons between this and other communities less fortunately situated than ourselves. We pride ourselves, somewhat demonstratively, upon what Mr. COPPIN calls the superior "go " aheadativeness" of Victoria, not only over our sister colonies in Australia and elsewhere, but over tho mother-country also. Indeed, we are never weary of dragging in allusions to the slowness and feebleness of our luckless parent, when they will serve to " point the " moral and adorn the tale" of our own transcendent energy and vigour. But in the present instance wo must perforce acknowledge that the steady-going dwellers on the banks of the Thames have outstripped us in tho race of improvement. While íliey are actively engaged in the prosecution of their drainage works in actual bricks and mortar, moe are still occupied with the preliminary question of the efficacy of underground sewerage to accomplish the end desired. That which the ratepayers of London have deliberately set them- selves to do, at a cost of nearly five mil- lions sterling, a considerable minority, if not an actual majority, of tho citizens of Melbourne continue to regard as a scheme of doubtful utility. The labours of SISYPHUS in the infernal regions were not more wearisome and hopeless than those which our contemporaries and ourselves have undertaken in en- deavouring to make the people of this city clean and healthy in spite of them- selves. No sooner have we accom- plished the herculean task of arousing the City Council to something like a proper sense of the foulness and corrup tion which are doing their fell worli around them, than we aro compelled te go through the Bame toilsome drudgerj all over again for the benefit of the -Boyal Society. Having converted Mr, J. T. SMITH, and his attendant council- lors, to a belief in that cleanliness which is next to godliness, we are now called upon to produce a like conviction ir the minds of Dr. WILKIE and the philosophers of Latrobe-street. And if we may judge by tho discus- sion which took place at tho so- ciety's meeting last week, the tasl before us is a much less hopeful one than that which we have already accom pushed. But as the wise men of an- tiquity, according to Lord MACAULAY loved to convey instruction under th< covering of apologue, so we shall endea- vour, by relating the story of the greal London drainage scheme, to make som< impression upon that crassa ignorantic which finds a congenial home in the hal of the Royal Society. The Metropolitan Board of Works was brought into existence by the Acl l8 and 19 Yict., cap. 120, commonly called the Metropolitan Local Manage ment Act, for the express purpose o carrying out the vast system of under ground sewerage which it had been re solved to execute. Subsequent acts havi added other duties to those originallj allotted to the Board, the most importan of them being the embankment of tin Thames, which, as a necessary comple ment of the main drainage project, is i work which it naturally devolves upoi the Board to undertake. The constitu tion of the Board is something of i novelty in the history of municipa arrangements. It is composed of forty six delegates, sent by the difieren vebtries and corporate bodies of th metropolis, and thus forms a kind o vestry Parliament, each member havinj for his constituents the ratepayers of th district to which he belongs. For som time, the conduct of the members CJ this municipal senate, was racy of th soil from which they sprang. It proceedings were marked by thos scenes ot disgraceful personal altei cation, and that neglect of all reall useful business, which appear t be universally characteristic of vestrie and town councils all over th world, and with which the citizens c Melbourne are, unhappily, but to faniiliar. During the first few month of its existence, the London Press wa never weary of animadverting upon tb shortcomings of the Board; and th buffooneries which were enacted at ii meetings became favourite subjects fe the ridicule of Punch and the sarcasi of the Saturday Review. But whe every knotty point of precedence ha been settled, and every place in its gi had been finally disposed of, the Boar forgot its diflerences, and set itself dil gently to work upon the great unde; taking before it, and the drainage worli have since been prosecuted with a energy, activity, and perseverance, thi leave nothing to be desired. The document which now lies befoi us deals, in the first place, with ti works which liad been comploted up 1 the date of the Board's last report, an with those which were in progress i that time. It shows that eighteen mili of sewers-varying in diameter froi twelve feet to three feet nine inches had been finished before July, 1862, f< which the engineer's estimate wf £503,000, tho contractor's tendí £484,700, and the actual cost whe completed £533,820. These works ii elude two enormous drains, ono on th Middlesex and one on the Surrey sic of the Thames; or, according to ti nomenclature of the board, in ti noithern and southern areas. The fin of them, called the Northern High Lev Sewer, is eight miles in length, with diameter at the outfall end of nine fet six inches by twelve feet, diminishing 1 a four feet barrel drain at tho upper em The other, known as the Southorn Ou fall Sewer, is seven and a-half miles Ion and preserves a uniform diameter i eleven feet throughout its entire lengtl The engineer's estimate of the cost i these tremendous works was £470,00C but the sum actually expended upc them amounted to £492,420. Wh; has been done, however, is as n thing to that which remains to 1 done. The contracts at present :' force, under the auspices of the Boar involve the construction of upwan of fifty-six miles of sewers, at an estimated cost of £1,544,000 ; of which work to the value of ¿£1,207,000 has already been executed. One of the works included in these contracts is a sewer fourteen and a half miles in length, which passes, in its progress, over the river Lea and six other streams, and under one and over two lines of railway. Its cost is estimated at £635,000. Another, called the Middle Level Sewer, upwards of twelve miles long, passes through some of the main arteries of the metropolis ; andhalf of it isbeing executed by tunnelling. The contractor's tender for this work was £329,800. A third, known as the Southern Low Level Sewer, has a length of nine and a half miles, with a diameter vaiying from seven feet three inches to four feet, and is intended to relieve the low-lying districts on the Surrey side of the river from the re- peated floodings to which they are sub- ject, as well as for the ordinary purposes of a sewer. It will cost £234,000. But in addition to the construction of actual sowers, there aro a variety of other works in connexion with the main drain ago which the Board is called upon to undertake. Large sums are being ex- pended for the erection of pumping stations and lifting apparatus, for the purchase of steam engines, and otlier machinery, and for the construction of reservoirs for the storage of the sewage, until the proper time for discharging it. Tho northern outfall reservoir, which is intended to receive the whole of the sewage of the northern area of the metropolis, extends over nearly eleven acres of land, is thirteen feet six inches deep, and is estimated to cost £170,000. To sum up, the main drainage system at present in course of execution by the Board of Works, com- prises the formation of upwards of sixty fivo miles of sewers (of which forty-five miles have been completed), at au esti- mated cost of about ¿£2,750,000, includ- ing the pumping stations, reseivoirs, and other works to which we have referred. Yet these figures do not represent much more than one-half of the work which the Board has undertaken to do. To the Melbourne sanitary reformer, however, that portion of the report will be the most instructive which describes the modus operandi whereby the coat of these gigantic works is to be defrayed. For this purpose, the Board was endowed by the Legislature with ample powers of borrowing and taxation. By the Act 21 and 22 Vic., cap. 104, it was authorized, in the first instance, to borrow a sum of £3,000,000 ster- ling, but a subsequent act sanc- tioned an extension of this amount to £4,200,000, and it is not improbable that fuither powers of borrowing will have to be applied for. For the whole of this loan of £4,200,000, the corpora- tion of the Bank of Englaud are the contractors, at a rate of interest of 3| per cent., and they enjoy the double security of a rate ot 3d. m the pound on the annual rateable value of the metro- polis, and the guarantee of HER MA- JESTY'S Government. The repayment of the debt is provided for by a sinkmg fund, which is gradually to extinguish both principal and interest in a period of foi ty years. The taxing powers of the Board extend over the entire area of the metropolis. In 1863, the annual value of the property within its juris- diction amounted to £12,565,000, and the amount of the rate of 3d. in the pound, which it is authorised to levy, was £157,074, making a total sum of ¿764,000 raised in this way during the five years of tho Board's existence. By means of the sums produced by the threepenny rate, the Board has been enabled, not only to discharge the in- terest on its debt, but also to repay more than half a million sterling to tho Bank of England ; and the increasing value of rateable property in the metropolis justi- fies the behef that the Board will be in a position to clear off the whole of its liabilities within the time originally fixed for their extinction, and having, more- over, a handsome balance in hand. In this slight sketch of the operations of the London Board of Works, there is one very striking circumstance to be noticed. It is the simplicity of the means by which the enormous cost ol this gigantic undertaking has been met A threepenny rate has done it all. Here is matter enough, surely, for the medita- tions of Melbourne ratepayers. This question of expenso has beon,hitherto, th< great obstacle in the path of our looa sanitary reformers- the chief weapon it the armoury of those whom ignorance prejudice, or self- interest has arrayec on the side of filth and disease. Bui the resource can avail them ne longer. If a threepenny rato is suffi dent to enable these Londoners to drair their huge city on the colossal scale w< have described, why should not a three penny rate perform a similar service foi the moro modest area of Melbourne1 A careful analysis of the expenditure oi drainage works in nine English towns having an aggregate population o: 116,000 persons dwelling in 18,80( houses, has shown that the average cosí of the works amounted to £3 18s. 8d per house, or 12s. 9d. per head of the population. Ti we make a liberal allow ance for the enhanced cost of laboui and materials in this colony, and fix oui average at £5 per house, the expense o: a proper system of underground drain age ior Melbourne proper would b< something considerably under £50,000 for which a rate of 3d. in the pounc would be amply sufficient to repaj the principal and interest in fifteei years. For a more extended area, em bracing nearly the whole of the Mel bourne municipalities in one great scheme of drainage, it has been calen lated that £300,000 would bo required and that the principal and interest of i loan of that amount, at six per cent, pei annum, could be paid off in thirty yean by an assessment at the rate of £1 9s on every house. With these fact: before them, it remains for the citizen! of Melbourne to decide whether thoj will hesitate any longer to undertake tin most necessary work of sanitary reforn which has been BO unweariedly urgei upon their attention. London has ; moro favourable death-rate than the} have. To her heavily burdened peoph the infliction of another rate, howeve: small, is a consideration of moment, ye to preserve her noble river from pofiu tion, and to placo1 the health of her in- habitants beyond the possibility of danger, she did not shrink from in- curring large additional habilities. We have received from various sources communications urging us to agitato for a change in the Speakership of tho Assembly. No particular grounds of complaint are brought against the pre- sent occupant of the chair, and it is pretty well left to our own discretion to find reasons for, and give body and substance to, the tone of the com- plainants. And, on the threshold, we can easily understand what has given the malcontents the cue which they are so anxious that we should take up. But we at once deny that there is anything in our recent strictures on Sir FRANCIS MURPHY to warrant tho construction thus forcibly put upon them. We confined our comments to Sir FRANCIS MURPHY the candidate on the Wangaratta platform, and eschewed all reference to the merits of Sir FRANCIS MURPHY the Speaker. As a Speaker, indeed, this is tho first occasion for some time that there has been exhibited any tendency to put his merits in discus- sion. Up to tho present moment, wo imagined that both the country and the House were satisfied with his presidency over their deliberations. Tho Speakership is not a Life office, and a chango may at any time bo made in its tenancy, but we question much the policy of making the change without good and valid reasons. It is essential to the discipline of a young and rather, turbulent As- " sembly like ours that it should not de- pose a baton which at least has kept tho peace hitherto with tolerable success, and entrust its manners to the keeping of an inexperienced regent, with the res dura et regni novitas yet to con- front, and overcome. Sir FRANCIS MURPHY has proved himself tolerably equal to his pcsition, and with the material of selection, limited as it is, we confess we do not see how the Houso expects to improve upon him. He is not a perfect Speaker, but he is con- siderably better in his sphere than was Mr. DENISON when he succeeded Mr. SHAW LE FEVRE in the British House of Commons. If we take tho memorable recipe for making a Speaker invented by Serjeant YELVERTON in ELIZABETH'S time, we shall have to confess that in many important items he is singularly disqualified. A Speaker, said that ingenious lawyor to the Par- liament of the day, must be a big man and comely-stately and well-spoken; his voice great, his carriage majestical, his nature haughty, and his purse ¡ilentiful and heavy. But YELVERTON himself did not como up to his own standard, and since his time the confidence of mankind in gigantic proportions has been considerably shaken. Mere ob- jective qualifications are not demanded even by the prize-ring, and bulk has fallen very much in public estimation since Waterloo was gained by an under- sized hero, and SAYERS kept the belt against HEENAN. Only novelists like the author of Guy Livingstone venture to traverse the instincts of tho age by giving their heroes "the imposing " virtue of inches ; " and, indeed, there aro plenty of very good stories in the circulating libraries in which dwarfs, men with hunch backs, red- headed, and pock-marked, are the prominent characters. Wo have got beyond the demigod age, we aro above the worship of size, and wo should be ashamed to make a merit of stature, as did those colossal knights of the round table, who, when discom- fited in wit by the crafty MER- LIN, used to take refuge in the ex- clamation-" We are very big !" We have got beyond that. Sir FRANCIS MURPHY is in no sense a very big man, and if measured by the YELVERTON standard, is very far from being the ideal of a Speaker. But tested by the ordeal of experiment, he has filled the chair quite as well as some of his bigger neighbours could. If ho is not endowed with the qualifica- tions which would have suited the exigeant taste of the Elizabethan Pre- sident, it is all the moro creditable to him that he has contrived to acquit himself so favourably, in spito of his dis- advantages. The compliance which his régime has encountered in the House shows at least that his subjects havo been tolerably satisfied with it. There have not been very many occasions calling for any display of constitutional lore from him¿but when ho has given his decisions, they have been generally acceptable to the sense of the House. On his con- stitutional knowledge, indeed, wo do not lay so much stress as he himself seems disposed to do, but as a rule, he has not been found wanting on an emer- gency. On only one occasion during the last session, if we* remember rightly, did he find it necessary to recall a pre- vious ruling. Complaints at one timo were made of his exhibiting a bias in favour of his countrymen ; but the dis- position was abated as soon as noticed, and his impartiality is now acknow- ledged to be one of his most favourable characteristics. Indeed, if there is any ground of fault on this score, it is that ho carries his practice of equity and fairness to an extreme. It is obvious that in a mixed Assembly like ours, composed of such motley and un- equal mfiterial, ho cannot in justice to his office extend an equal indulgence to all. We are anxious, as a Speaker of the House of Commons told his Mo- narch, that every member should have frank and free liberty to speak his mind without controlment, blame, grudge, menace, or displeasure-but then, a dis- tinction should bo made between those who have a mind to speak and those who have only a tongue. If Sir FRANCIS MURPHY will make this distinction, if he will not confound in one common and co-ordinate licence of debate a WOOD and a M'LELIAN, nobody will quarrel with him on account of favouritism. But our business was with Sir FRANCIS MURPHY, tho candidate for the Murray Boroughs. We willingly give him the benefit of -the explanation which he has thought fit to make in reference to the charges of temper brought against him by a portion of his constituents, and we congratulate him on the very sound opiuion he seems to entertain about ona aide of the relations which the repre- sentative and the represented ought ,to bear to each other. The function -of the representative must not be con- founded with that of the delegate or local agenr> and he is doing a poor service to his constituency or his couutry .who encourages the misconception. At the same time, if the constituency has no .right to put the representative under obligations which his conscience revolts .against, the representative owes it to ?his constituency to deal with their weak- ness in a kindly and conciliatory spirit. To browbeat them, to snub them, is -every whit as mischievous as to truckle to them. A man may combine temper .with independence-may show good ¡manners, and yet discharge his cou .science. What we blamo Sir FRANCIS .MURPHY for is the mistake which he acknowledges, and has the good feeling to deplore, in having rebuked where he '.might have reasoned. There are a cer- tain class of candidates who, by instinct, ?look upon country constituencies as 3Ir. BUMBLE looked upon parochial juries, as " ineddicated, vulgar, grovelling " wretches," and we cannot conceive a greater misfortune that could happen to us than that the notion should become popular. The feeling among philosophic writers, and those who have the amelio- ration of the masses at heart, is rather to invest the electioneering process with higher aims than it is the fashion to associate with it. The meeting of the representative with the constituency may be made, if rightly viewed, a very important aid in the education of the people. The platform, in this light, becomes a school, and the speech a lecture-a contribution to the formation ?of a sound and wholesome public opinion. The candidate who so uses it and so regards it, and who can convert his con- stituency to share in his estimate, is a power in the state wliich the Parlia- mentary debater is not, and he has an opportunity of moulding the character of his generation which the Parliamentary debater cannot aspire to. It is idle to ex- pect that such a spirit will preside over the conduct of the ensuing elections, but an earnest conviction presses on us, that until a higher standard of motives actuates both electors and elect-until the responsibilities of both sides are more candidly realised, and their mutual obligations more liberally acknowledged, we can expect no other is9uo than that which has characterized the visit of Sir FRANCIS MURPHY to Wangaratta. Three men, named Phillipa, Anderson, ond Carver, wore arrested yesterday morning, and positively identified an the three accomplices of Woods in the robbery at the London, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, in Fitzroy, on Tuesday morning. It has been ascertained that the man Levi Walker had no complicity in tho transaction. The three prisoners above-named will be brought up before the City Court this morning, and re- manded till the Burne day as WoodB, who woe, yesterday mornin?, remanded for a Meek. The usual meeting of the council of the Acclimatisation Scciety was hold on Tues- day. Present-Mr. 13. Wilson, Dr. Black, Dr. Mueller, Professor M'Coy, Dr. Madden, Dr. Joseph Black, Lieut.-Colonel Champ, Hon. W. C. Haines, Messrs. B. E. Watts, G. W. Rusden, S. H. Bindon, and H. J. Chambers. A large number of letters were laid before the council. The first was from Mr. E. L. Layaid, of the Cape of Good Hope, stating that with the funds placed nt his disposal by the society, he lind already created a small aviaiy, in which to accustom the birds to con fit ement before shipping them. Mr. Layard mentioned that he had already several of the Capo pheasants and partridges ready, whichhe proposed to send by H.M.S. Neptune, expected to touch at the Caps on her way out to Sydney. Another letter wo9 from tho Acclimatisation Society of Great Britain, acknowledging the arrival of foutteen Wonga pigeons, alive and well, by the Moravian, only one bird having died on tho voyage. A letter waB also read from Dr. Scluter, of the Zoological Society of London, Btating that two pairs of Brent geese and four pairs of Summer ducks had been shipped in the Sus'ex, for this society. Several other letters waru read, from the Eoeiety's correspondents at Calcutta, Colombo, &c;, referring to mattera of detail. The se- cretary reported the arrival, per Bombay, of a pair of barra singha deer, Bent by Mr. Grote, of Calcutta, and of one buck and two does of the axis oryzir doer, sent by Mr. C. P. Laynrd, of Colombo. Both of theso species are quite new to tliiB colony, having never before beeu introduced. The barra singha is a fine largo animal, standing quite as high as the sambûr deer, whilst the axis oryzar is a much smaller animal than tho axis maculata, Emulier even than the hog deer, which latter animal it much resembles in shape. It is a nativo of Ceylon, and 1B bo lieved to have no representative on the Indian continent. It is a very hardy animal, and from its habits is admirably adapted for this country. The day for holding the pro nosed dinner was then discussed, and it was -decided to fix on Wednesday, Gth July, and to have the dinner at Scott's Hotel. The secretary repotted that the young salmon con- tinued in a very healthy state, and Professor M'Coy mentioned that ho had that morning -superintended the removal of the fish from the panB in which they were hatched to a large wooden tank, made expressly for them. This was done by simply sluklng the pans below the Burface of tho water, and the littlo follows being now very active Boon glided over the sides of the pans into the deeper water. The bottom of the tank hod been previously covered with stones, and undor these the fish at once proceeded to hide themselves. The next converiazioM of the society will take place, at the Mechanics'Institute, on Wednes- day evening, the 22nd instant. The burning of the stack of hay at Mr. E. Wilson's farm, at Keilor, on Sunday evening, is regarded as a clear case of incendiarism. The police have been communicated with, and the grounds and direction of suspicion have been stated to them. By an advertise- ment in another coloumn a reward is offered for information leading to the conviction of the party by whom the act was committed. The bi-monthly meeting of the council of the Board of Agricultura was held, at its .offices, yesterday ; Mr. J. M'Kenzle, of South Barwon, chairman, presiding. Eight mem ?bers wero present., The minutes having been lead and confirmed, the secretary (Mr. J. M. Matson) said there was no i eg ular business to hring forward. The only coirespondeuco received was contained in three reports from the Wahgunyah aud Ballarat Agti cnltural Societies, respecting the produce of the seeds which wero br nght from Europe by Sir Redmond Barry. At the Tiquent of Dr. Mueller, the secretary con* tinned to say, he had forwarded a letter to that gcntlcmati, giving, for the information of Sir Redmond Barry, an account of what had bcon dono with thoao seeds. From this it appeared that great injury had occuired to the cereal seeds ¡u consequence of thoir bUnj stowed In the hold of tho vessel by which they were brought hither, and only a vary small proportion of tho samples were saved, the loss to the colony being serious. Further information was, however, to be expactcd soon. A case of vegetable seeds, which arrived after the cereal seeds, was in better condition, and for better security a sample of each variety had been sent to the Experimental Farm, and the produco woul-1 bo distributed during tho present season. It was also stated that the gardener of the under- si'cretary hod gained a prizo for a cabbage grown from one of those seeds. This matter disposed of, the secretary next bronght fotward the case of Mr. Costello, who was anxious to teBt hie scab specific, if the council would pay for tho sheop, which he was unable to purchase himself. As the cost was only £4, tho council agreed to vote the money, and appointed the Hon. F. Robertson, the Hon. W. Campbell, Mr. J. Carfrae, Mr. Ainslie, and the secretary, as a committee to supervise the experiment, which would take placo on some ground in town secured for the purpose. After passing somo small accounts, Mr. Ramsay mentioned to the board that Mr. M'Cracken, who for very many years paat had teen engaged in the pro- j Fervation of meat, was applying to Govern. mont for the lease of threu acrc3 at Footscray on which to establish the "now industry " of preserving meat on a large sealo. The secre- tary took occasion to say that Mr, M'Cracken had been well known in Tasmania as a pro- moter of this newindnstry; and aftar a short conversation the matter dropped. The chair- man next mentioned that, as tho council had nobuslnefp, it would be well to take some stops for the establishment of a sort of national society, whoso "BIIOW" should .be a common contre to all osricultural societies in the country. A long conversation ensued, it being the expressed opinion of al', present that a national show Bhould be held. Tho chairman suggested that a committee should lo appointed, but it was then elicited that a sub-committee, to take this matter in hand, had already beon appointod. Finally, it was decided to adjourn the council meeting, after which such members of the National Show Sub-committeo as were present held a meeting, that they might proparo a suitable report, to be presented at the next general meeting of the board, in August next, tho object of which would be, to recommend that there should bo such a show, and that £1,000 Bhould be voted for the purpose. At the District Court yesterday, John Sparkes, agent of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, appeared, on sommons, in answer to an information pre- ferred by Mr. M'Farlane, tho immigration officer, alleging that he had sold paseoogor tickets, not being a licensed passage-broker, contrary to the provisions of the Passengers Act. On behalf of the defence, it was ad- mitted that the defendant had negotiated passages in the manner stated ; but the point waa raised by counsel for the defendant that, ho being the authorised ngent for the English company, the proprietors of the vessels on board which tho passages were engaged Bin this case, a passage-broker's licence was not lequhed. After hearing tho arguments ad- duced upon both sides, Mr. Ilackett took timo to consider his decision, and postponed the casi until to-day. The meeting of the Borough Council of St. Kilda, which was to have taken place last evening lapsed, for want of a quorum. There were present only the mayor and Councillors Cowderoy, Bindon, and Tnllett. One other was required, but he did not come, which was the more to be regretted as some impor- tant payments wero thuB further post> poned. A story of the sensational order might be woven without difficulty out of the evidence given in a case tried yesterday at the Supreme Couit, before Mr. Justice Williams and r¡ special jury of four. In 1855, one Henrj M'Veigh and one Jane Barry became man and wife. After living together two years tbey separated. In 1859 or 18(30, the husband left Melbourne for California; and in Sap tember, 1861, the wife received a letter frorr him. Before this, sho had become the ownei of certain propeity in Little CollinB-streel east, devised to her by her father, Ir December, 1861, the property formed thi subject of au airongoment made betweer Mrs. M'Veigh and Peter Andrew Charles O'Fanell, the attorney, who suddenly va nished from the colony last year, and whosi estate has since beon sequestrated. Accordlnj to a deed produced in court, and in whicl Mrs. M'Veigh was represented as a widow, thi property was conveyed absolutely to O'Farrell in consideration of the sum of £250 ; but according to Mrs. M'Voigh's own testimony the document which sho signed was simpl] a power of attorney enabling O'Farrell ti collect the ronts of the prororty until he wo' recouped certain moneys (amounting to np wards of £100), which ho had advanced ti his client. In February, 1803, Mrs. M'Veigl married John Moran, an ex-policeman The parties, who are Romau Catholics, Bough to have the nuptials solemnized, first a the WeBleyan Church, Richmond, and after wards at the Roman Catholic Church a Brighton, but in each thoy were unsnecesafu because they were unable to produce an; Eutiefnctory proof of Mr. M'Veigh's death. UI iimately, the marriage was performed by th registrar for the Collingwood district, bul strange to say, it was represented on th occasion that M'Voigh died in 1858, at ses and this statement accordingly appeared i: the certificate. The premises in Little Co! line-street have been occupied since March h Mr. W. M. Donohoe, a grocer, bnt shortly afte he took possession Mr. Moore, the officlt assignee of O'Farrell's estate, put in a distrcs for rent, amounting to £21 6s. Donohoe ai cordingly bronght nn action of replevin, an the case WOB heard yeBterday. Tho queßtio for tho jury to try was, whether Mrs. M'Veig in Decomber, 18G1, was a widow, and ha power to pass the estato to O'Farrell. Th jury, by giving a verdict for the plaintii determined this point in the negative. An inquest was held yesterday, by the di trict coron or, at Nunawading, upon ti body of Martha Harcombe, aged sixty-fou yeaTP, wife of William Harcombe, a drape living at Nunawading. On Friday last ti deceased complained of being ill, and con menced to vomit, which she continued to d at intervals throughout the night. On Satu day her husband heard her fall on tho floi from tho bed ou which she was lying, an when sho entered the, room he saw that si was quito helpless. Ho placed her in a cha beforo the fire, and during his short abseni from the room, a little whilo after, she again fe on tho floor. Sho was again put to bed by hi husband, and the following day she was sti unable to take anything to eat or drin Towards evening sho bicarno almost inBoi Bible, and when her husbiud awoke on ti next morning, between two and threo o'cloc he epoko to tho deceased, but was unable get any answer. He immediately called lu neighbour, when it was found that the d ceased was dead. At tho postmortem exam nation of the body, performed by Dr. Bark« it was found that death was the result of strangulated hernia of about forty-elg hours' standing. A swelltns produc by tho hernia was visible externall and could have been at onco detected by medical man, and in that caso an operati might have saved the life of the deceased. The jury found in accordance with tho medi- cal evidence, that death was caused by stran- gulated hernia ; and expressed an opini m that the conduct of the husband in neglect- ing to call in medical advice or tho assist- ance of any of the neighbours wa* extremely censurable. Mr. Candler yesterday held an inquest, at Prahran, on the body of Peler Cottrell, aged fifty-six years. On the night of Monday last the deceased was suddenly afflicted with a. great difficulty in breathing, aud did not Jive many minutes alter. He bad at ona time been a patient at the hospital, but had not been seen by a medical man for some time. After hearing tho evidence, the jury fouud that the deceased died from natural causes. A reading from " Macbath " will be given on the evening of Monday next, in the Town hnll, St. Kilda, by Mr. James Robertson, in aid of the funds of the orderly-room for the St. Kilda Volunteer Artillery. The ter- centenary celebration has awakened a freak interest in everything Shakspearian, and doubtleBs on the occasion of Mr. Robertson's reading the corps will add something sub- stantial to their building fund. We havo our files from Launceston to the 14th, Hobart Town to the 13th, Adelaidu to the 11th, and Sydney to the 10th inst. The inadequacy of the Supreme Court buildings for judicial purposes has long been matter of public notoriety. The woodeu structure known as " The New Court" is a very uncomfortable plnco at the beat of times, and particularly at this season of the year, when a southerly wind ia frequently blowing, Yesterday, tho court was very chilly, and on an attempt being made to light the fires, it was smoky likewise. The fact provoked from Mr. Justice Williams a remark on the incoa venience of tho building, and an expression of wonder as to the time when new and proper courts would be erected. Thefollowing letter-in answer to the minuto adopted at a late moating of the Acclimatisa- tion Society- apraars in the Hobart Town llcrcwy of the 8th inst. :-"Had I imagined that my remarks on the recent salmon ex- periment could have been misconstrued, as the minute of the Victorian Acclimatisation Society Bhows them to have been, I should probably have modified my report, or left it unwritten. I understood from Mr. Ramsbottom that the eleven boxes of ova were retained against his expressed wish, and I scarcely think I could ba mistaken in this, as I have seen him on many oc- casions since he read my report, and ho has never adverted to any erroneous state- ment contained in it. lind he done so, I should instantly have corrected my error. As it wa? my honest opinion that the number of ova retained in Melbourne WBB insufficient to give them a chance of success, I conceive that it was both my Tight and my duty to express that opinion, however enoneous. In conclusion, let mo say, that having no other object in view than the successful introduc- tion of salmon to all the colonies fitted for them, I shall he delighted to find that I was wrong, and that the retaining the elevon hoses of ova in Melbourne has resulted in complete success. I remain, &c;, MOETON ALLPOET." The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court for the present month commenced yesterday, at the Old Court-house, before Mr. JuEtice Barry. James Benson, who was charged with forging and uttering a cheque for £683, in the name of Callender and Co., pleaded " Guilty" to the uttering, and was sentenced to BÍX years'hard labour upon the roads. An elderly man, named Thomas Jones, was convicted of an nssault with criminal intent npon Frances Steer, the wife of a farmer by whom the prisoner was em- ployed, and ho was sentenced to three years' on the roads. Edward Davis, a gunner in the Royal Artillery, was found " Guilty" of steal- ing from Captain Tyler's room, at Toorak. Mr. Justice Barry refused to allow tho pri- soner trial; he would not permit such a disgrace to be cast ur-on the tegimont. Tho other trials were unimportant. An inquest was held yesterday at the Rose Hotel, Fitzroy, by the city coroner, upon the body of a newly-born malo infant of unknown parentage, which had been found that morn- ing lying dead at the corner of Napier and Rose streets. The body was first noticed by two men, when on their way to their work, at feven o'clock In the morning. It was wrapped in a piece of dirty calico, and had evidentlj been placed where it was found at some time during the previous night, hut there wai nothing to indicate the person by whom ii was deposited. On post-mortem examination, it was found that the deceased had been bom alive within about twenty-four hours of the time when it was found. No marks of vio- len ce weie perceptible, and the death of the infant had been evidontly occasioned bj neglect at birth. The police had been unable to discover any trace of its parentage, or ol the persons who placed the body where It wai discovered. The verdict of the jury simplj stated the time and place whore the body wai found, and that death had resulted frort neglect at birth. Tho Norning Star of April 25, Bays, " Th< Duke of Newcastle was enabled to take a car rioge airing on Friday, with the Countess o Lincoln. His Grace's health has wondorfalb. improved during the last ten days." A lecture on " The Life, Times, and Poetr; of John Milton," will bo delivered this even ing in tho East Melbourne Congrégations Church, by the Rev. Alexander Gosman, o St. Kilda. The proceeds of the lecture aro ti be appropriated to the Sabbath schools. "Tho Great Republic Company," says th Ballarat Star, "is now no more. After a lif of several yours on the Inkerman Lead, am with more or less of success, and after past ing through several transformations, it has a last given up tho ghost; and all its corporeal ties wero bought on Tuesday by the Roye Saxon Company for the sum of £2,625. Till includes tho Lemonade freehold, the Crow land claims, and all the plants and machiner on both the freehold and Crown land claimi It is said that there had been a compan formed, and a nice little plan arranged, b certain of the Republic directors to getth whole properties into their hands, but an ur expected competition arose at the sale, an the Royal Saxon Company ovontually becarn the purchaser." In the Equity Court yesterday, the partnei ship suit of Clarke ». Coster and Meek we finally decided in favour of the plaintif Coster was ordered to pay tho plaintiff £15: and tho costs of suit a? against Coster, an Meek to pay the plaintiff £247, and to abic his own costs. In the province of Southland, in April las Crown lands were sold to tho amount i £G,238. In May, the sales increased, the sui realized being £7,66á. Tho Invercargill Daily JVitiij, commontic on tho sceno at the trial of Gardiner, I Sydney, expresses the feeling of the people i Southland on the subject in the followlr passage:-"Wecannot bo too thankful thi Now Zealand is free from this convict bloo except as Imported into it by its ' iushe These, however, expose us to all the dang« of an influx of the criminal class. Thous not likely to make a parmanont home in ti colony, tliey aro capable of inflicting an I finite amount of mischief upon it durii their un welcome sojourn. And we certain think tho New Zealand Government mi?ht have joined with tho Governments of the other colonies in protesting against thocontlnuanco of transportation to any of tho southern set- tlements of the Crown. How deep a curso tho convict clement in colonisation is likely to prove in vitiating society for generations, we have yet to learn. The presont evidences of the hereditary character of bad blood, aro \iry fatal to the philanthropic theories that have prevailed of the regenerative influences of colonial life." The stall-holdois of the baz.iarin ard of the funds of St. Luke's, Emerald- hill, have every reason to bo satisfied with the result of their labours, which havo, as wo loam, issued in the purchase of an organ and a bell, besides paying all church debts, &c.; The following is a detailed list of the amounts received : Money taken at dcore, £88 18c 9d. ; stall 1 (Mesdames Hughes. Sandilands, Shepherd, and Wilson), £13115s. 4d. ; stall 2 (Mesdames Baker, Exon, Popplewell, and Rider), £119 12s. 3d. ; btah 3 (Mesdames Dickinson, Foote, and Findlay), £105 93. 3d. ; stall 4 (Mesdames Daish and Mlllidge), £98 11s. 8d. ; stall 5 (Mesdames Cole and "Whiteman), £82 1G3. lid. ; stall 0 (Mesdames Coleman, Coope, Davidson, Fraser, Jenkins, Patching, and Tesle), £71 Kb. 1J. ; stall 7 (including refresh- ments), Mrs. Hubbard, £63 6s. 6d. Total, £707 Ss, 4d. About £40 has yet to be given in. In Geelong, on Thursday night, a gentle- man WES knecked down in Yarra-straot by two men, and left insensible, after being robbed of a gold watch, a hair guard, a small sum of money, a four-bladcd knife, and the haots which ho wore. On Tuesday, a man named John Harrison was caught in the act of trying to rob the till of the Black Bull Hotel, and was yesterday morning sentenced to six months' imprisonment, Yesterday tho police received informa- tion that, on Monday evening last, Mr. Madden, an eldorly gentleman who buys stock for Messie. Webster aud Banner- man, ?butcher.', Morrabool-streot, was stuck up and robbed by two men at Brace's Crcsk, and cruelly ill-used. He was riding, when two men carno towards him, and as they got close one asked him tho way to the Leish station ; but, before he had time to answer, the fellow got hold of his foot and unhorsed him. They then kicked and beat him so unmercifully that he was unable to reach home that night, and had to lie on tho road. The ruffians robbed him of about £2. 