CITY MISSION. The second annual meeting of the City Mission wu held on Monday evening in the Temperance Hall, Pitt sireet. There was a large attendance, and much inte rest was manifested in the proceedings. The chair was taken by Mr. Joseph Thompson. Afier some prdimnary remarks from the Chairman, the secretary read the following report Tbe committee have now to lay before the Bebscribere and the public generally, their report of the operations of the mission during another year, and, in dolnpreo, they would bee the attention of all who defire the well-being of the city in which we live, to the strong claims which therydney City Mission has upon their eeeietance, their sympathy, and their prayers At the commeoefmrnt or the year the society had four agents at work— two rack and two female mlBalonarlea— In the several dutrfcte of the city allotted to them. It was felt that this number was altogether inadequate for the work, and did not meet the necesBltiee of the case, yet the oom miuce have to report, and wJth much regret they do so that in tb° m°nlbB of. February and March lent, they had to dlapcnae with the Btmcca of three of their agents, and one only is *r„e^d; „Tb® h,°Jlf wpreeeed inlaat year's report, that when the Christian public was made acquainted with the ope fiPV? would be afforded to possess and pwfitably work every field presented In tbc different SarU of the city, baa sot been reahned. On tbe contrary, the contributions received during the year have not been sufficient to meet the current expenditure; and the society -is in debt. Notwithstanding this cause of diacouragement, much has been mnrTwU nV-fBh0w thc nc^Mity of a mission auchaa 15?' 1 S&i; a .!! uC ®xp'Mion of gratitude to God for the good effected through the instrumentality of the agents f£PL°^a,Sd4?e «tm 'wcutageS to hope that as WinJ? -It l°Ti' °? objects of the aociety become better known, there wfal be no lack of means for th« omniArmMi nr miceionaries. The committee propose therefore now to j?ir* in Detail some llluptrttioce of theVtire ofXwork? aVor the good accomplished during the past year. ' One oi the agents met with a family residing in ? street, Kf j ?!. .Bere hBPIJ?a ^ronkerds. Their vicious oourscs had lrd to much tempore! distress ae well as to eplritual degrade tjon end misery. The missionary persisted in his visitation of these wretched people, in the midet of much discouragement, but uliimaU ly found great reward in his labour. Hoth were induced to sign the total abstinence pledge, and It wae carefully explained to them that they oinst look to God thc fiaviour for strength and ? Baivaiion, Greal js the change now in the position and prospects of that family, ihe mother aoou became convinced of sin, and woeied to trust In the S&vlour; : tbe husband became an attendant upon Pi vine worship, and tbe children were scat to day and Bsbbatb cchool, ' 41 Mr, — ? , when flret met with by the missionary in his rounds, was quite ignorant of GoBpcl truths. lie was ro pestodly visited, and bodily illness placed him more within the reach ot tbe missionary's instructions than he would have beou in health, &&d; he loon gavo most satisfactory evidence of that ( repentacw pot to be repented of,' We have not apace here for the graciius expressions of hie faith which he uttered to the missionary from time to time. They showed bow light bad been sown in hie soul by that Divine Spirit respecting whose offices he had hilbcito bi'cn lguorant. Jesus was oil his hnpeasd all his glory, JuFt before he died, ho said to tbe missionary. 4 1 cannot rt ad my Bible any more, neither can I put myself in the attitude of prayer, but thank Gtid my Saviour I can lift up tnydyiog baods to heaven.' This ho did and shortly afterwards fell frsiocp In Tbe fo'lovting is another caBe which cannot fail to he gratifying to tltp supporters of this tocicty : — ?» Mr. — » was by trade a moton, thirty-six years or age. The micaioDarj'a acquaintance with him eomnienccd by giving him a tract. After a time, becoming afflicted, this man sent for the mis sionary, Want of oare and occasional drunkenness baa Injured his constitution permanently. The Gospel of thc graoeof God was placed before him fn Its freer ess and fulness, and be drank it with a thirsty hchrt. So anxious did be become for spiritual In struction and Christian sympathy, that he could soarocly bear the mitau-t-ary to be absent from biin, lie said on one occasion, 4 1 krow there is hope for mo,' and bye and byo he was enabled to speak of the realisation of Christ's forgiving love. Ills affliction was aticndcd by excruciating and long- oootinued pain at the h- art, and he was often unable to lie in his bed. He bad a wife, but she was insane, and bis five children were dependent on tbe compaction ef strangers. As death approached, hie faith became stronger and stronger in tbe redeeming love of Christ* Ho ex presttd much joy and pcaoe in the Holy Ghost, do attached did neboc-mctoilic missionary that be expressed an earnest desire for as much of hie company as his other duties would permit. In his lost moments he called his eldest boy, a lad of fourteen, and said, 4 Johnny, I'm d)ii.g, but Johnny I'm dying and going to bmven; behave well to your mother and your little brothers andnsiprs; write a letter to your grandmother, Johnny, and ti 11 her I'm dead and gone to heaven through the blessed Jesus.' Then turning to tho missionary, he said, 'l'ray with me; lctrac die prying.' He had bis with, for whilst tbey prayed together he fill back in Lie cbafr dead. It is ptoabing to add ttiwt, partly thiough the mlepionBry'e instrumentality, all the children found bomea omongst pious people* Thc mother is at Turban Creek Apylutn.' Tbe following arc a few cases, briefly extraoted from thc Jour nal of thc only agent now employed by tbe society, which journal contains many more, equally interesting instances, of his success ful labours 44 July 8ib.— Raw a man (whom I bavc previously visited)* s&ld; he bud been enlightened nud greatly blessed, through reading a tract which I had given to him, called 4 Luther on Justification,' Bald he found the full meaning of tbo tract iu tbe 14lh chapter St* John, and Bib Koman*. Wiehfd me to read those chapters to bim* Thc man hnB the tract covered, aud says he will never part with it while he lives, 44 July lltb.- Vieited twenty-nine families this day, Read and prayed with Feven of thtm. Called to see an old man (whom I nave visited before). 11c told mc (bat he had 'Christ in bis heart, tbe hope of glory.' He was in great distress of mind, on my previous visit to bim. Wished ine to visit him again. 44 July 13th, — Vifited thirteen special cases. Prayed with eleven of them. Kight of those families seem to be peeking thc Lord. They all attend my piajvr meetings in Globc-strcct ; and all attend a piocc of worship on tbe Lord's Day. 44 July lCih.— Vi*itid forty-four families. Read and prayed with thirteen of tbim. Saw two women and one man at tbc point of dcatb, but Divine light is shining into their minds. One woman If enabled to reel her w hole trust on tbe fcaviour. 44 July 27 —Visited forty families. Read and prayed with twelve of them. Distributed tracts to several. One wotmn dying ; trust ing in tbe Saviour, A man and bis wife took tbc temperance plidgc Held a meeting in Globc-strcct Ragged bcboolroom, Xwei ty-flve person* prest nt. 41 July S8ib. — Vieited forty-five families. Read and prayed with fourteen of tbem. Several of them fook tracts, llcv, Mr* Hartley went with mc to-day to visit some of these miserable funiiliia; and to encourage me in my work. The poor woman mentioned in my journal yesterday died fbl* morning trusting in the Lord. Called at thc house and pruyed with thc husband anil ; other members of the family* It was a very affecting season, and tbc power uf God was felt in our mid6t. 41 October 1st and 2nd, As mine a Urge district, I find it necessary to make &omr; special visits occasionally. Have visited many spi cial cases thelun two duya, One woman (whom 1 have pnviouily lisitcd} is very ill, said she was mude happy by my rinding and praying with her. Read 55th chapter Isaiah to bcr, andsbewid htr the willingness of Jc-eus to save her, 8 he was enabled to believe and rejoice in ChrUt as bcr Saviour. 14 October SGlh.— VUiud 68 families. Read and prayed with 12 of tlem. Several of them took tracts. One woman said I had been made a great blessing to her ; for when I first saw her she was a very great drunkard, but now she ia a total abatainer, and bns got tbo love i f God iu her beau, 44 Junuuty 1st to 4th.— About 5 weeks since, saw a man sitting by the road side. Knew bim 12 years ago, when bo was a mem ber of a Chtislian cburcb, and in good pecuniary circumstances. Ilud since been a drunkard, was nearly naked, and had no heme to go to. tpoko to him about his bouL Ho signed the temperance pledge. Saw him to-day, clean, and respectably dressed, lie is now attending Rev. Thomas Smith's church If 1 were to say all I know of tbia man, it would surprise many. He is jcdcc-d a brand plucked from tbo burning, 44 January Cih —Visited fifty-three families. Read, prayed, and left tracts with etverol of tbem, £aw a sailor very near dcatb, said be wae ready for the great change. When I first found him, some months ago, he appeared to bo in very great gloom, Ex horted him to read bis bible, and Divine light has visited his once dark mind. 'January 26tb«— Vieitcd fifty-five families. Read and prayed with twelve of them. Several took tracts. One man, his wife, and five children, took the temperance pledge. This couple hod not livid together for two jearo. Showed tbcm tbeevil of living at enmity, and selling eo bad an example to their children — it has resulted in their becoming reconciled. This man earns £3 per wt« k, but he had not euppoited bis family for two years. 44 January 31st — Sunday— Vieiicd a miserable hovel at tbc lower end of Gcorgc-street, where many old people have been accustomed to resort, and herd together in u disgusting manner. Found only tbne is the-piacc, thc others having been turned out. Two of them bad been fighting, and had ahno6t killed each other. Found three old men, and two old wornco, lying together, in an old abed. 1 had a gentleman with me, and the sight was almost more than be could biar. Afterwards went to some of the sailors lodging house*. Askid a sailor if he bad not a praying mother, when be burst into tears. Frayed with bim, and at parting he could not speak from emotion. 44 Visited forty-two families. Read and prayed with ten of them, and distributed tract* to several. Found a young man end woman, and their infant, with no money, no furniture in their houEe, nothing to eat, and scarcely anything to wear— said they had been well off in England, The man had been breaking stouts in tbo street, but not being used to such hard work, could not earn more tban 10a. per week. They were truly pitiable objects— relieved thtm, for which they were very thankful. Called to eee them in xt day, look tbem some articles of clothing, and 3s. Cd , which was given to mo for thtm by a friend, who also gave me 500 tracts, and some bocks written by Rev, Newman HalL 41 March 3)d. — Visited some special cases to-day. Went to thc funirolof a man whom I bad often visited during his illaess He died from cancer in his mouth. I believe he has gone to heaven. Frayed with tbe people who were assembled at his house at the funeral, and with tbc widow. 44 March 29th. — Visited fifty-eight families ; read and prayed with twelve of tbcm. Tbe people seem very glad to eee me ; some cf them tell me all their troubles, and say they wish I could come andscethim oftcncr- One mau tsld mc of many cases in which tbe Lord had answered his prayers ; said he was glad he had some Christian friend to 6peak. to ; pruyed together, and were abundantly blessed,' There extracts, it is hoped, will make sufficiently plain the nature of thc work undertaken by this society as they unquestion ably sbow tbc necessity for such an agency as this, to relieve thc moral and spiritual, and even at times thc physical, destitution of a large portion of the population, The following tabu.a'r statement will show in another form the work done by tbc missionaries :— STATISTICS OF MISSIONARIES* LA110UU Number of vi*its and calls... ... ... ... 27,318 Visits to tbe sick end dying ... ... 1,213 Meetings held ... ... ... ... H6 Tracts given away ... ... ... ... 21,174 Number of Scriptures circulated ... ... ... SO Number of children sent to school ... ... 208 Number of adults induced to attend public worship... 343 When it is considered that tbo ogente of this society obtain access to localities iu the city which would otherwise be entirely neglected, and find opportunities ef speaking to thc fallen, the hardened, and the vicious, and vioiting thc sick and dying, who would otherwise never hear a word of thc Diviac merer, the im portance of thiir work cannot ne over- estimated. And bearing in mind the difficulties the committee have had to encounter, and th** limited means placed at their disposal, there is reason to be gra,! T at what has already been accomplished, and sufficient to er COu'tairp the frierideof tbc society to help -on thc work 9? '^jore liberal contributions and more earnest prayers. Our 44 '..eirehboura » in the city in which we dwell, have peculiar a „i.: ? upon onr sympathy and efforts, and to relieve their wants in the way contemplated by this society, is a mutter which should enlist the hearty co- operation of aff who love our Lord and fiaviour JifiUb Cbriht* The committee cannot cIobb their report without expressing their regret at the loss tbc mission haseuslaincd in the departure S, Ji / il' *? 'rom the colony. 'Hie valuable services jo the formation of tbc society, and afterwords as one of thesccre lories, contributed greatly to its success, The financial statement shewed that the total receipts had not amounted to £500. There was a balance due to treasurer of £44 5s. 10d., and out £85dllf account!' which mttde total deficiency The following officers and committee were chosen lor tbe ensuing year Treasurer, Mr. J. H. Goodlet ? secretary, Mr. Benjamin Short ; Ret. 1'. p. Aenew B. Chaj.man, J. Dougall, R. Hartley, F. Hibberd, Dr. Lang, J. B. M'Cure, N. Pidgeon, J. Reid, T. tomrih, A. Thomson, J. E. Vetch, J. Voller, S. Kabone, Thomas Johnson, George J. Graham, ^xckford, J . s. Adam, Messrs. J. Caldwell, M.L A S. CelWhan B. Cocke, fi. J. Horniman, F. K 01 W, Dr. Moffitt, T. B. Rolin, Joseph Thompson, E. Vnkery, and Walter Smith. 