/ RNICKERBOREn ON CRICKET. (From the Knickerbocker Magazine.) \- as -?.-._.. to '_._,,,_ Akd speaking of " Cosstick," here are some thoughts of his" upon seeing a cricket match, which although now " some three moons wasted" (having been during that time in type), will, nevertheless, prove acceptable to our readers, But hush, it his " doesticks' who speaks ;? "I have heard a great deal about the manly sports of ' merry England, and have always had a great respect for experts in the athletic games of the Britishers. _ Cricket has been specified as a game requiring the greatest possible quickness of the eye, and activity of the limb, and I have heretofore looked upon it as a glorious sport, full of intense though innocuous excitement. In my lamb-like innocence, I have always, until yesterday, supposed cricket tobeddiveraion, an amusement, a pastime, and nothing but ocular demonstration could have convinced me of my great mistake. Two famous ' elevens' were to play a match at Hoboken; crack men on both sides; heavy bets; sporting world all prophesying great things, resolved to go; did go ; am disappointed, and, I may say, disgusted. Cricket is not again; it is a popular fallacy to suppose it is; but it is a solemn ceremony performed with the greatest seriousness by deluded Englishmen, who think they are having fun. Bun 1 A cricketer has no more appreciation of genuine fun than a dead jackass has of a fancy hornpipe. Grim are the cricketers, and desponding, senseless, dejected, forlorn, and bilious. The Pilgrim Fathers holding an out-door prayer meeting on a side-hill, in four feet of snow in the middle of February, were a gay set of jolly dogs compared to these useful cricketing Englishmen, out for a day's pleasure. A New York murder trial, or a Kentucky hanging match, would be a. roaring farce by the side of the sportive tragedy of these two crack ' Elevens The ghost of Hamlet's father, and the spectre of the murdered Banquo, talking over their private matters at midnight, by the light of blue fire, would look quite gay and festive when likened to the Hoboken cricket ground with a match in progress. Cricket 1 well hereafter when I want a synonym for all that is in- tolerably dull and stupid, I shall say cricket. When I want to express a grand climax of spiritless dejection, I shall remark, cricket. When I desire to say of some man against whom I have a mortal spite, that is a grim visaged, jaundiced, melancholic, dismal, and flat, I shall simply call him a cricketer, and then I shall dodge. And if any man accuses mc in a like manner, I shall take out a warrant for defamation of character, and sue him for maliciously damaging' my reputation to a huge extent. I went to Hoboken with Damphool, who, although an American, is a cricketer. He told me I would see great sport. Got to the ground, bestowed myself under a tree, while Damphool went to the clubhouse to attire himself. Presently he appeared again, dressed in white flannel from head to foot. He had a jockey cap on his head, and buskin slippers, on his feet. Just before the cargo commenced, be tied a bed quilt on each leg, and put on some leather gloves. Then the people took their places, and the men who were not bowling and took the same position, with their hands on their knees and their chins elevated at an angle of forty-five decrees. Then the Umpire cried out ' play,' then the bowler, a dishenrtoncd-looking man, took up the ball, which was as hard as a brick, and threw it with all his might at the lugubrious individual with a two-handed putting stick in his grasp, who stood in front of some little sticks which were stuck in the ground like an unfinished hen. coops. There were two melancholy bowlers, two drooping batsmen, and two un- finished hen- coops. When the dejected man saw the ball coming he made a poke at it with his pudding-stick, but he didn't hit it; then he sadly rested from his labors, while a number of doleful men on the other side wearily sought for the ball. Then the other bowler with a sad countenance, threw the ball at the other gloomy batsman, who made another dispirited poke at it with his pudding-stick ; this time he hit it; then he ran towards the other hen-coop, and the man at his end ran to his hencoop. The marker put down one mark for his side and they all rested in desponding silence for five minutes, during which time everybody religiously kept mornfully still. I expected to hear some one lead in prayer or begin an exhortation, or commence reading the Burial Service, or some inspiriting thing of that kind; but no one volunteered any amusement, and pretty soon the downcast players resumed the mysteries of cricket. There was more throwing it the hen coops, and pretty Been one was knocked down. Then the batsman, who ought to have stood before it and stopped the ball, with the bed quilts on his legs, was declared to be out. Then he retired discomforted, while the rest of his eleven set up a dismal groan. Then Damphool went in and took the pudding stick. Then the grave man went in and threw the ball at Damphool. Damphool poked at it manfully ; then he ran for the other hen-coop. The bed-quilts on Dam phool's legs interfered with his speed, and he didn't get along very fast ; be a man pensively took the ball and knocked down Damphool's hen-coop; then Dam- school was out.' They persevered in this jocularity until sunset, at which time the funeral state of things came to an end. Then the eleven whose pudding-stick men had made the most journeys between the hen- coops were declared to be the winners ; then they untied bed quilts from their legs, took off their flannels and went home. " This is all there is in the game of cricket. It may be a very brisk amusement for some men, but I would as soon think of taking a pleasure ride in a hoarse, or going to a dozen pedestrian funerals for a day's pleasure, rb of participating in the gloomy ceremonies of cricket for the same length of time." A letter from Japan attributes the ineffec- tiveness of the Armstrong gun to the fact that the sailors swab the shot and shell to such an extent, according to man-of-war custom, that the lead coating gets removed so that the projectile gets loosely instead of tightly in the bore. Mortality among Indian Soli-iehs.?A soldier might go through three battles of Waterloo with no greater risk of life than he incurs during a residence of a your fit Fort William. Out of every thousand soldiers quartered in Bengal, sixty-five die in the course of every twelvemonth. And these not old Quihyes, with clogged livers and shattered nerves, put picked men in the very spring and prime of life, sent forth from home sound in wind and limb, with open chests, and arched foot, and broad, straight backs. Of soldier's wives, forty- four die yearly in the thousand; and, of their children, eighty-eight in the thousand. The European army in Bengal has, hitherto, disappeared in every ten and a half years. This computation, of course, includes the man who have invalided. The yearly mortality among the officers rises from nine to the thousand in London to twenty-four to the thousand in Bengal, The civilians, by dint of horse-exoieise, and ice, and cool rooms, and trips to Simla, and furlough to Europe, and (a better medicine than any) constant and interesting occupation, keep down their average to something over seventeen in the thousand. But a hard-worked official finds no lack of indications that he is not at Malvern or Torquay.?" Calcutta and if Climate," in Macmillan'! diagram, 