Tins nows from Adelaide, although exaggerated, is not untrue. The firm stana made by the people of Australia against the resumption of transportation has been successful, and the Home Government lias not ungracefully yielded. A despatch has been received by, Sir Charles Darling, which leaves no doubt of the authenticity of tho intelligence. The Duke of New castle writes, " that the Cabinet have determined not to carry out the recom mendation of the Penal Discipline Com mission against the wishes of the colo nists of Australia ; that they intend to abandon the. conditional pardon system, but they could not consent to aban don transportation to Western Aus tralia altogether without breaking faith with the people of that colony. Her ' Majesty's Government had, however, very little doubt that they would in a very brief time themselves desire that it should cease." We have every reason to he grateful for the concession made to our entreaties and remonstrances, for the difficulty of dealing with her criminals presses just no w with unusual heavi ness upon the piople of England. Happy the land in which the love of justice is superior to all other considera tions. " Victoria is the land ol paradoxes. In the moral as in the pliysicnl world, everything undergoes some strange metamorphosis. Winter at Midsum mer-day ; Christmas at midsummer ; birds that do not fly, beasts that hop but do not run ; cherries with the stones outside; trees that shed not their leaves hut their bark, and that wonder ful animal, the platypus, neither beast, reptile, nor fish, but partaking of some of the characteristics of each, all find their counterpart in our politics and our social life. Let us briefly glance at some of tho more striking anoma lies. Within a hundred miles of Melbourne, in the midst of inaccessible mountains, separated from the rest of the colony by steep ranges and almost impassable ravines, are goldfields richer than any hitherto discovered. Their wealth ex ceeds the dreams of the wildest avarice. Nothing so wonderful has ever been known in Victoria, California, or Otago. Ten years ago the people of England, were , driven half crazy by reports of gold diggers who in twelve months had made a few thousand pounds. The successful miners at Wood's Point enjoy annual incomes of as much. Not a shiphroker, scarcely an hotel- keeper in Melbourne, but can tell wonderful stories of men who within the last twelve months have acquired wealth compared with which the richest claims at Ballaarat or Bendigo fade into insigni ficance. Incomes of five, ton, or even fifteen thousand a-yenr, from quartz reefs near Wood's Point, are spoken of as not unfrequent. Not a ship to Europe but takes away dozens of miners with comfortable fortunes, acquired in a few weeks. It might be supposed that with such a goldfield almost at our doors our labouring classes would flock to it cn masse, and that the older mining townships would be well-nigh deserted. But tho person who would argue thus would reckon without his host. The Jamieson and Jordan goldfields are too near; familinrity has bred contempt, and men who would " rush " them were they atTerra-del-Fuego or Spitzbergen, are profoundly indifferent when they can he reached through the agency of the ubiquitous Cobb for seventy shil lings. The people of this colony prefer the shadow to the substance. Take another instance. Half a century ago the northern island of New Zealand was first colonised by Europeans. They found it inhabited by a fierce, brave, but not intractable race of aborigines. The romance of the enterprise made it excessively fashion- nble in Britain, and hundreds of men of education, refinement, and some wealth — their heads full of highly- wrought visions of the poetry of savagery and the picturesqueness of barbarism — rushed to Auckland and Wellington, hoping to make their own fortunes and to evangelise the natives, to sell rum and establish Christiapity, to give the Maories a true religion and to rob them of their Innd, to civilise and to pauper ise them. The new-comers found that the richness of the country they had thus peacefully invaded had been grossly exaggerated; that the natives were very shrewd and not very rich; that that they Had little to sell, and that for that little demanded a high price. The land wai either of inferior quality, and covered with fern, or else heavily tim bered with enormous forest trees. Year after yenr, the first settlers worked vigorously nt tho hard task to which they had applied themselves. But as time passed by without anv improve ment in their condition, the band of emigrants, Who left their mother-country full of spirit and energy, gradually lostall hope. Those who had means to drag themselves away either returned to Europe or commencod a now career in some one of the Australian colonies. Only a Tew, too poor to leave, or too slothful to care for any other existence than the abject dreariness to which they were accustomed, and the wily speculators who trafficked upon them, remained behind. After an existence as a British colony of nenrly thirty years the province of Auckland numbered fewer white inhabitants than Colling- wood, while the population of tho whole island was less thun that of Ballaarat. At last a change came over the spirit of the dream. The new men saw a way of pitchforking their set'lemont into eminence, and though it was over the dead bodies of some of the best and bravest men who ever wore the British uniform, they did not hesitate. An imbecile Governor, at the instigation of his wily and unscrupulous council, involved this handful of colonists in a war with their powerful and high- spirited aboriginal neighbours. The British honour was involved ; the British flag was in danger ; the mother country did indeed grumble, but she threw the scgis of her army and navy over her distant children ; a sanguinary war Which with hut few intermissions lasted for four years followed, and the natives were at last subjugated. The colonists were of course temporarily enriched by the commissariat expenditure, hut the resources of the colony were mort gaged for mnny years to come, to defray tho expenses of the war. Ruin still stared them in the face ; their people were fleeing like rats from a sinking ship. Even from the more prosperous Southern Island the miners were leaving by ship loads to escape the lieavy tnxation which was looming, darkly, in the distance. But the men who had the direction of affairs were unscrupulous and long-headed, reckless of their word, and fertile in resources. In their dilemma they sought to attract population from the neighbouring Australian colonies, and offered the bait of a few pounds ready money as a means of inducing men to help them fight the natives, and pay their taxes. In order that the poor wretches whom they thus deluded should have no means of helping themselves, they pro posed to trepan them into a species of military servitude, and place thein under martial law. At first sight the scheme would appear so transparently rotten that none, not even the most gullible, would he swindled by it. A country which, in its normal condition, was a place to be avoided, and to which no sane person would think of emi grating, would not he very attractive when exhausted by war, and over whelmed by taxation. But we are at the land of paradoxes, and men who would have laughed at settling in New Zealand three years ago now fly into- the meshes of Major Pitt like birds into the nets of a fowler. " Are the strange inconsistencies to which we have thus briefly alluded in separable from our antipodal position, our brilliant sky, and our balmy climate:? Or do they arise from cir cumstances under own control and easily preventible? Is our population never to he settled and contented ? Are we for ever to despise our own green pastures and sigh for the sterile steppes of other lands ? Is this restlessness and discontent a law of nature, or is it the result of had legislation ? Our own be lief is, that it is the latter. Persons born in far-distant countries, who have no tie of birth to this land, who have no tender recollections to entwine it round their hearts, can only bo bound to it by the possession of the soil. The great land paradox is the foundation and origin of all the rest. A country, with a territory as large as that of Victoria, in habited by apopulation of a few hundred thousand, but. practically locked up against settlement ; with its most fertile districts i,n the hands of a number of greedy graziors who have either acquired the fee simple at a nominal sum, or else pay a ridiculously inade quate rent for the plains anil forests over which their sheep and cattle de pasture, is, and must be, in an unhealthy and unnatural condition. Victoria will never he prosperous until a farm is as readily .obtainable by any man who has the skill and capital to work it as a horse or a hag of flour. The selfish oligarchs who have the control of her destinies will do well to remember this. . A despatch has been received by his Excel lency the Governor from the Duke ef .Vcwcnstle, in which his grace announces that the British Cabinet do not intend to carry out the recom mendation of the Penal Commissioners to trans port Inrge numbers of British criminals to Western Australia against the wishes of the Australian colonists; that tho conditional pardon system will he abolished, but that a limited number of criminals will for the present continue to be sent. The Blandina Dudley arrived on Saturday from Cardiff with coals for the Great Britain. Her voyage appears to have been a most tem pestuous one, and has terminated only just in time to enable her to discharge her cargo in safety. She took the ground twice while com ing in, and it was only by the greatest exertions of her crew that she was kept afloat. The City of Melbourne arrived from Sydney on Saturday. Our files add nothing of mnterinl importance to the information previously received by the telegraph. Mr George Coppin was a passenger by the steamer. The conduct of tho officers of the Gresham towards the female immigrants brought out by that vessel, is forming the subject of n Govern ment inquiry. A board has been appointed, but the investigation is not yet concluded. A daring highway robbery was committed yesterday morning at two o'clock opposite the Town Half, ia Swanston street. It appears that Mr Henry Gilbee, brother of Dr Gilbce; re siding in Dorcas street, Emerald Hill, was on his way home when ho was met by two men, one of whom having seized him he became in sensible. The other robber occupied his time . in rifling Mr Gilbce's pockets, and took from Ids victim a fold watch and chain, and other articles of trifling value. The strangest part of the affair is that a fireman was on duty at the gate of the Town Hall at tho time of the robbtry. ' The City Council meets to-day at the usual hour. The principal business to be considered is the propriety of ordering an assessment to be made of the lands within tho city. The other ord. rs of the day are for the election of sir per sons to fill the offices of valuators ; to order upon the drafts of bye laws for the appointment of managers to the town common, and for regula tions respecting the management of the common; and to consider the report of tho Finance Com mittee, recommending that notice be given to Mr George Basan, late rate collector of Smith Ward, requiring him to deliver up all books, moneys, etc., which lie may have belonging to the Corporation. We are Informed that it is the intention of Mr Simeon Cohen to resign liis sent in the l-'itzrey Council, Mr Cohen, who we believe has been induced to this step through pressure of business arrangements, has long taken a very active and prominent part in municipal mnttcrs in Fitzroy, and doubtless his resignation will be regarded with regret. It is rumoured that Mr M'Kenu, who recently contested the 6cnt rendered vacant by the resignation of Mr Bryant, will again come forward as a candidate for municipal ho nours. . Air Watkins, of the Carlton Club hotel, is also mentioned as a probable competitor for the scat. A case of considerable interest was on Wed nesday last tried before Keilor bencli of magis trates. A man, named John Burns, was summoned by the Keilor Itoad Board for L2 12s, due for rates. By the evidence brought forwnrd it appeared that Burns lind already paid the rates for 1863 to the Braybreok Road Board, as he had on previous years done. The Keilor Road Board, which lias only recently been in augurated, and which :s composed of representa tives cf the districts of Melton, Bulla, and Braybrook, had issued proclamations by which the boundaries of Melton aud Bulla Road Districts were defined, but no notification lias appeared by which the Braybrook limits might be known. Mr Bindon, for the defence, there fore argued that the ratepayers in the latter district were still bound by the former regula tions. The bench, however, gave nn order ior the amount claimed with 1.2 costs, but agreed to send a statement of the case before the Supreme Court. Execution to be stayed until the opinion of the judges be obtained. We have been requested to mention that the bond which performed on Wednesday evening last, upon the occasion of the St. Kihln Volun teer encampment, was not the St. Kilda sub scription band, but the St. Kilda Amateur Brass Band, which, up to the present date, has been self-supporting, and has received no assistance whatever, either from subseripiions or any other source. It may not be generally known that nn op portunity is afforded those who have been too late in posting their letters by tho overland mail; to have them forwarded by a letter bag, which is closed ntljMr William B. Stephens's shop, at Saudridgc, at the latest moment in time for the supplementary mail. Mr Stephens intends contlnuing-this plan, which is certainly a very great boon to the public generally, and the promoter of which is deserving of its wnrmest thanks. Notwithstanding the mnny complaints that have from time to time been made of the ruffian ism that infests Fitzroy Gardens, it still con tinues witli little or no abatement. Gangs of foul mouthed young scoundrels gather in various parts ef this otherwise charming public reserve, and not content with polluting tho . nir and offending respectable people's ears by their filthy language, they do not hesitate to commit actual assaults upon every person who may not be pre pared to resent these outrages. The summary punishment of several of them docs not appear to have had any effect In putting a stop to this intolerable nuisance, nnd the interference of tiie authorities is urgently called for towards its prompt repression. If tho health of the inhabitants of Collins street wat, has not already suffered seriously from the effects uf certain deadly vapours that are frequently floating in the atmosphere of that neighbourhood, the denizcuB of that quarter must carry about with them some constitutional antidote which for tiie benefit of Toxicology as a science, had bat be made known. Tiie truth is, however, that a great many persons have for some time, complained of unpleasant symp toms, for whose origin no adequate explanation could be offered, but of whose actual existence there could be no doubt whatever. It appears that in. the laboratories of the banks, many of which assay nnd melt into ingots their own gold, there has lately been introduced a process termed " toughening," which conssts in re-melting the gold with a certain quantity of Bichloride of Mercury, better known as Corrosive Sublimate. This, we need hardly say, is, of all metallic poisons the most deadly, a very few grains being sufficient to cause death. When we state that in the course of an afternoon a quarter of a hundredweight of this terrible ngent is volatilised and sent into the air from one labora tory alone, It is easy to comprehend the risk that is incurred. The atmosphere is necessarily largely contaminated by admixture with it, and those who economise tiie rain water fr nn the roofs of the houses cannot help consuming it, condensed as it must be on tho tops of their dwellings, where it is dissolved during every -rainfall, and carried down into tho tanks and water butts. We believe it woulc be quite easy to prevent a particle of ail this hurtful matter being sent into tho air by the use of suitable npparatus, and it would nppenr as if a very sel fish economy only stood in the way of its adop tion. The attention of the Health Officer might advantageously be devoted to the investigation of tills matter. Tiie Superintendent oi the Immigrants' Home, Prince's Bridge, desires us to acknowledge the following donations to the funds of that institu tion : — LI, from llr Twycross, per the collector; L2, Rev W. Woods, Hawthorn. Also, a large number of perlod'cals, consisting of Chambers' Journal, Blackwood's Magazine, Good Words, etc, from Mr G. A. Mouritz, King street. On Friday evening Mr C. A. Saint, who until recently lias been a part proprietor of the Mount Alexander Mail since the establishment of that journal in 1864, was presented with a linndsome silver epergnc as a testimonial of the respect and good feeling generally entertained for him in the town anil district. The presen tation took place at the Theatre. Tiie charge sheot at the City Police Court on Saturday last was very light, and contained no cases of any special interest. A man named John Costcllo, ciiarged with a violent assault upon his own dnughter, was remanded for seven days, the poor girl's life being in danger from his brutal treatment. The nunhcr of prisoners confined In II.M.'s gaol, Melbourne, on Friday last, the 22nd iust., was 108 males, 60 females, classified as follows : — For trial before the Supreme Court, 10 males, 5 females; before magistrates, 8; at other stations, 2; under sentence — road gang, 10 ; hard labour, 78 males, 10 females ; imprisonment, 02 males, 42 females; lunatics, 2 males, 1 female ; in de fault of bail, 7 males, 2 females; debtors, 10. Tho examluation of competitors for tho annual prizes ofiered by the Victorian Phonetic Society, for proficiency in the phonographic art, took place on Friday evening. The attendance of phonogrnpbers was extremely good, and some excellent specimens of phonetic shorthand were exhibited ; the number of competitors also being larger than usual, and the quality of the writing much superior to that of previous years. After due deliberation, tho examiners tunde their awards, giving tho reporting prize to Mr Win. Gillett, and declaring Mr Samuel Armstrong entitled to honourable mention. The prize for the best specimen of phonography was awarded to Mr Allan Hughan, nnd two prizes for pho netic writing in tho "corresponding" style were given to Messrs Allan Hughan and J. C. Stewart. Mr A. E. Pearcy contributed an ex- tremity well written paper, and the judges re gretted they were not in a position togivea third prize. Mas tors George Robinson nnd William Kidgell, both pupils at the Model Schools, ob tained the public school prizes. The prizes will be presented to the successful competitors at the society's annual meeting and soiree, which will take place in a few weeks. On Saturday afternoon the Head Quarters Band performed a choice selection of music in Fitzroy Gardens. The wentlier was unsettled, light showers falling at intervals during tho day, but nevertheless the attendance was tolerably numerous. The gnrdens have lately been con siderably improved. The English elms and poplars nre now in full leaf, and afford an agreeable shade to tho promcnaders whe thronged the principal avenues of this now extremely pleasant place of public resort. The steamship Royal Standard left Liverpool on the 23id November, but called at Queens- town, where she might probably stay for two or three days. The English crirketcrs leave this morning for New Zealand by tho steamship Alhambra. They expect to be nbsent about a month, during which time tliey will day. two matches in Dun- cdin, and one nt Christchurch. On their return to this colony they will play a match on the 3rd, 4th, and 5tli of March, on the Melbourne ground, and on this occasion the English tenm will be divided. The sides will in all probability be com posed as follows : — Parr (captain), Ilayward, Grace, Jackson, Clarke, Lockyer, Wilis, War- dill, Cosstick, Conway, Bryant, against Ander son (captain), Caffyn, Carpenter, Tarrant, Crcsar, Tiniey, Greaves, Kelly, Marshall, Hewitt, an 1 Huddlcstoue. A mass of correspondence is in typo, but Is necessarily excluded to-day. An action for libel has been brought against the proprietors of the Bcndigo Advertiser by Mr W. H uglics, who has laid damages at L1000. The alleged libel consists in the publication of certain statements in tlio journal in question respecting the absence of Mr Hughes from business. The Advertiser concludes n paragraph in reference to the matter as follows : — " We make every allowance for the justly irritated feelings ol Mr Hughes, whose property was seized upon, nnd a portion sold oil) under the impression that lie bad absconded. But then we did not seize upon his papers nor sell his property. It was only when these things were done by others, and when Mr Hughes was thus publicly regarded as having left the district altogether that we, as journalists, took notice of the matter. Our description of Mr Hughes was, as might be expected in such a case, not particularly flattering; but then unfavourable sketches of this kind are not usually regarded as grounds for li' el actions with heavy damages. Mr Hu. lies is, however, an injured and indignant man, so ho must lnve satisfaction out of somebody. Wo are not tho persons who really injured the worthy peda gogue, or who libelled him ; but we have the honour of being looked to to expiate the wrong done to him. Well, if Mr Hughes will meddle with edged tools, he must expect the conse quences. We should have felt happy to mako every fair amends in our power for any wrong we did hiin, but when under the advice of a solicit >r, who reflects so much credit upon his profession in Sandhurst, he coolly asks us to salve his injured feeling) with L1000, we can only say wo like the fellow's impudence." On Sunday morning, a woman was found in a destitute condition in Punch's lane, off Little Bourke street. She was immediately conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital, and died within an hour afterwards. Her name is unknown. A man named Alfred Stevens was admitted to the institution on Saturday, at midnight, with a broken leg. The injury was received by Stevens while in the act of getting out of a cab, in Eliza beth street, about eleven o'clock. A case of suicide was reported to us Inst night. A female, named Fanny White, residing at St. Kilda, destroyed herself, yesterday, by taking poison. The particulars of the occurrence have not reached us. The request of the people of Warrnarabool that n daily mail communication with the me tropolis might be established has been refused by the Government. The Wnrrnambool Examiner says : — " We can only say that had one of the digging townships applied, the request would have been at once granted, but n township in the Western district is quite another nlfuir. Never mind ; wo must only make another effort for 1865, and insist on getting this great boon." Owing to a misunderstanding between the lessee of the Princess's Tiieatre nnd the agent for the " Ghost Illusion," the promised performance did not take place on Saturday night. The pro prietor, however, advertises that the entertain ment will positively be given this e veniug. Mr R: A. Cooper, formerly landlord of the Rainbow hotel, Swanston street, Is a candidate for the suffrages of the ratepayers of Latrobc Ward. Air Cooper comes forward iu compli ance with a requisition numerously aud influcn- tially signed. The men who have yielded to the tempt ing offers of tiie New Zealand Government were on Saturday last embarked on board the Gresham, which ship lias been chartered by Col Pitt for their conveyance to Auckland. Some 350 are now assembled on board, tho ma jority being stout able fellows, whom it is a real pity to lo3e. They are certainly of a much superior class to those who volunteered upon the occasion of tiie gnllant colonel's former visit, very little of the loafer element being distinguishable amongst them ; nevertheless, we recognised a few individuals who have been in tlio habit for the last twelve months of "living on their means," and sleeping anywhere, and so far as tliey were concerned wo thought that the New Zealand " crimping" agents had done us a service. The men all seciu in high spirits, and we imagine from what we could glean from their conversa tion, are under the impression that they are go ing to fight and not work. " What induced you tocnlist," we aslcod ofauhoncst Irishman with n chest like a Hercules and a head of hair like a mop broom, "surely you can get plenty oi work here 1" "Work is it," snid he, "it's just that I'm sick of, it's fighting I want, nnd why would'nt I have a pop at the rogues as well as mother, bad luck to you. Sure it's for tlie Alaories we're required." " Commercial traveller, sir,-.' replied to our inquiries a gentleman in an invisible blue coat and a buff waistcoat, and with a Mr jingle habit of clipping his words — " Commercial traveller, grocery and spirit trade, sir; but— timeB— bad, can't make living; be sides want excitement — plenty fighting, so forth— and I'll take a drink with pleasure." And indeed, although doubtless there are mnny who haye experienced "hard times" in tlie colony, tlie motive which has led them to enlist seems rather to have been that yearning for change and novelty which is so promincut a characteristic of our roving population. Few seem to havo been actually driven to volunteer from necessity, the majority of them being well nnd decently dressed, and with little of the external signs, at any rate, of actual poverty. Seated apart from the others, on a spar or a coil of rope, we saw the "old hand," with pipe in mouth, and rather a dubious expression of coun tenance, chewing the eud of reflection, nnd evidently doubtful as to whether he had done a wise thing in selling himself for three years for 2s 6d a dny, and the hazy prospect of a few acres of land ; nnd n few of the older and more experienced of the recruits are by no means so elated with their prospects as the younger portion. However, they're in for it now, most of them having received their three months' advance, and by this time spent tlie money. Gentlemen of- the Hebrew persuasion who "do bills"' and sucli like have done a roaring trade amongst the victims, who get something like L5 out of the advance note, nnd spend that in a debauch. The ship has been well fitted up for the accommodation of the men, tiie 'tween decks, which are roomy and well ventilated, being lined on each side with bunks and rows of tables ; and every care seem-j to have been given to the eomfoi t and health of, the reeruits. The ofHcers in charge of the first " batch " of volun teers, which will probably be augmented by recruits from the country districts, and those enlisted during the next two days In town, will be Messrs Pennefather, Sissm, Clarke, and Jackson. The recruiting will be proceeded with to-day, and the Gresham, which will by that time have her full complement on board, will sail on Tuesday ni0ht or Wednesday morning. Nothing of an authentic nature has transpired relative to the future representation of Ballaarat west. The Speaker issued his writ for tlie elec- tioi on Friday, and made tlie following nrrnngc- mcnts: — Day of nomiuation, 30th January; day of polling, 4tU February ; return of writ 13th February. , The Seymour coirespondent of the Kilinoro Examiner communicates the accompanying par ticulars of a dreadful occurrence which took place at Avenel a few days since : — " A labourimg man ru hed into an hotel at Avenel, to all appearance insane. He was instantly secured in a room of the hots, nnd h:s condition was soon pronounced to have arisen from drink (delirium tremens). The next morning tiie un happy creature was detected in battering his head with nn ironjug, and, notwithstanding the surveillance held over liiin during the day, he managed to cbtntn a razor with which he out his throat in the evening. A medical gentleman from Seymour was now sent for, who found the man depressed from loss of blood, the scalp of the top of the head destroyed to about tlie size of tlie palm of a hand, and the throat cut just above - the commencement of the windpipe." The un fortunate patient was removed to tlio Kilmore hospital. The Ballaarat contingent to tho force that Alnjor Pitt is raising in this colony, nirealy numbers seventy or eighty strong. The men left Ballaarat on Satuiday morning for Arel- hourne, and wilt accompany the general body oi reoruitsin the Gresham. A lottery for prizes given for the benefit of the Ballaurat Hospital, was drawn on Friday. A young woman named Lizzie JI'Leilnu, won tho most valuable prize, estimated at L310. Mr John Grieve, the first mayor of the- borough of VTari-nambool, being about to remove from that town, lias been presented by his friends with a gold wntch nnd n silver tenpot, in token of the respect - nnd esteem entertained for him both in his prl- vatc and public capacity. At the Vnughan Police Court, on tiie 21st, Andrew Sille was chnrged with attempting to murder Rosa Diiuartini, on the night of tho 17th. According to the stutemcnt of tlie prose cutrix the defendant camo to her hut nt mid night aud w-antcd his cravat, which lie had sent to be washed. . She was in bed, and refused to open - the door. He came a second time on the errand, and upon prosecutrix open ing the door for the purpose of linndiug the cravat to him, he put a pistol to her breast and pulled the trigger. Fortunately tlie pistol missed fire. He then said lie would fetcli his gun, uhU left tlio tent apparently for that pur pose, butafterwards followed the prosecutrix, who had thought it high time to seek assistance from her neighbours, nnd greatly maltreated her. Alore extraordinary than tlie cireumstnnces of tlie case is the manner in which tlie magistrates, Messrs Heron and Matcoim, disposed of it. Tho facts appear not to have been disputed, and Sille wns considercd sufficiently punished for attempt ing to murder tlio woman, by being bound over to keep the peace. The threatening condition of the wenther somewhat intefered with the attendance at tlie Tiieatre Royal,- on Saturday afternoon. Tlie dress circle had however a fair sprinkling of tlie little folks, who were specially accommodated by this day performance. We are happy to state that Air Sullivan lias nearly recovered from the sorious attack of illness with which he was seized on Wednesday evening last. Shak- spere's play of " King John" is in active re hearsal, and will be produced as soon as the pantomime has run its complete course which, we believe is limited to the present week. Other novelties will sucueed to tills, nnd tiie tlieatrioil world jwili be further glad to hear tiiat Air. Charles Afattliews is expected out, and will appear at this theatre about the latter end of April. The Hayraurket Theatre had its share of public patronage on Saturday evening, when " La Sonnambula" was performed for the last time. To-night, Loder's opera of "Tiie Night Dancers" will be produced, and as it has never been played in this colony, ought to prove a great attraction to musical amateurs. 