INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. The Aldinga has brought oar usual files with extended dates, from which we make the following extracts: — VICTORIA. Brownrigg, East Lothian, has patented an im provement on the ordinary manual -delivery reaping-machine that is calculated to Drove of much practical benefit to the agriculturist Mr. Gray's improvement has for its object the laying down of the band under the sheaf when it is tilted over from the back of the 'reaper,' both band and sheaf falling on the ground at the same moment— the band in its proper position under neath the centre of the sheaf, and ready for being tied up by the bandsten This important improve ment, which at once docs away with all the 'jifting' hands on the harvest field, is accom plished in a very simple, hut at the same time ingenious manner. To the upper part of the tilting platform, which iu this case must l-e movable, there is attached a narrow trough shaped box across the entire breadth of the platform, and provided with a hinged lid, which partially opens at each movement of the platform. This oox is for the purpose of receiving the band, which is deposited in it by a female worker, who accompanies the machine in its onward progress, and whose duty it is to see that .afresh band is replaced after the sheaf has been laid on the ground. The band, in its narrow receptacle, cannot fall out till the sheaf is tilted over; and the platform is so adjusted that no matter whether the grain be long or short in the straw, the band falls immediately underneath the centre of the sheaf. It can easily be seen that were the crop a short one, and the outer edge of the tilting-board set pretty high, the band might be deposited outside of the sheaf altogether, md that the reverse might happen when the straw was long and the platform was set low. To pro vide against either of these contingencies, Air. Gray has constructed his tilting platform on the elescopic principle, and thus is able to adjust its length to the height of any crop, so as to secure that the band falls in its proper place, ready to be seized by the binder. At the end of the machine, and so placed as to be of readiest access to the amis of the woman who deposits the hands in the groove, is placed a narrow wooden box, containing a sufficient supply of bands for the length of a rig —the supply being renewed at the end. when the horse starts for a fresh cut Mr. Gray hastaade no alteration in the cutting power of the machines, and the one which he is at present exhibiting is an old Gardner and Lindsay's that has done good service in its day. It can thus— and this is one of the great recommendations of the. invention— be adapted to any of the manual-delivery machines at present in use, so that farmers, in order to avail themselves of its advantages, have .only to get the telescopic platform, with grooved trough fitted to the machines thev mav have on hand. — Yeoman. The Real Ghost.— An evening's entertainment of a rather novel character was presented to the public last evening, hy the reopening of the Princess's Theatre, under the management of Mr. G. W. Cosford. The attendance was rather scanty at the time tixed for the commencement of the entertainment, but somewhat increased as the evening progressed. The great novelty of the evening was the first introduction of Professor Peppers genuine ghost to a Melbourne audience. This was done by the representation of the figure of a lady dressed in rolies of white, winch, although distinctly visible to its smallest details, was evidently unsubstantial and drawn upon vacancy. However, two or three pieces of music were suns by the phantom to the evident satisfac tion of the audience. Afterwards two or three figures were represented at a time, one effec tive representation being that of the unfortunate Howard, Earl of Surrey, gazing into a mirror in which was vividly depicted the figure of his lost Geraldine. The great defect of the whole repre sentation was the want of dramatic adjuncts, whereby the belief of the audience might be strengthened and stimulated, and the feelings have been so interested as to invest the illusion with the startling force of reality. This was not attempted last evening, the so-ea'led 'ghosts,' being merely very perfect reflections of a living figure, were looked upon but as cleverly-produced optical effects. Mr. Cosford at the commencement apologized for what he knew nvuld be defective in the representation, and explained it as arising from the person who acted for him as theatrical agent having left him, and he in consequence being compelled to make what provisional ar rangements the time and circumstances allowed. There is no doubt that if the optical etiect produced last evening were cleverly combined with an ap propriate drama, a very startling result might be produced. The remaining part of the entertain ment consisted in a lecture and experiments in electro-biology by Mr. Cosford, which gave rise to a great amount of fun aud laughter.— Argus, Jaiiuarv 2b'. The Farmer's Friend.— In this very harassing season to the agriculturist, in which everything that has not been carried away by the floods, or destroyed bv rust, seems likelv to have been de iroureu by the caterpillars, it u interesting to get a :act here anil there, tending to show how far these ruinous nests might, perhaps, be kept under by i-n-i-er attention to the development of their only xiijible checks, the birds, proportionately nume rous and energet ic to themselves. At a farm near Keilor, many of the crops having been completely Jestroyed by the caterpillar, and hundreds of Imshefs of the finest oats being strewed by them an the ground, a crowd of the common ciow was 3bserved to be very busy picking up either corn or caterpillars, and one or two having been shot to examine the contents of their crops they were found to be gorged with these insects, not the slightest trace of any other food being perceptible. When the mino bird, the sparrow, and other useful importations of our acclimatizprs have properly spread over the country to assist our indigenous insect destroyers, we may fairly hope that the sacrifice of the crops of whole districts by such pests as this may be rather less frequent amongst us.— Arotts, Jauuary21. New Zealand Loan.— Among the passengers hy the Aldinga, yesterday, was the Hon. lieader Wood, who proceeds by this mail to England for the purpose oi negotiating a loan of £3.000,000 for the Hevr Zealand Government in the English money market. Jfr. Holmes, C.E., the well-known railway contractor, who is now engaged in con structing the railway from Christcliurch to Lyttel ton, also returned to this colony by the Aldinga.— Herald, January -o. JJloe Ev.es.— The Ararat Adrerluer makes us acquainted with a circumstance in connection with the All England Eleven not hitherto noticed. Our contemporary says :— ' All the Eleveu possess blue eyes. Even Mr. Ciesar, whose complexion is darker than that of most men, has eyes of a dark blue; and, as it is well known that all the crack rifleshots have also blue eyes, it would almost seem that this colour is indispevsable in any occu pjtion where quickness or strength of sight is requisite.''— Argiis, January 21. FEDESTRiAXisii.— The Mount Alexander Mav. reports that 'L-wt week, when the All England Eleven were passing through Castlemaine, en roue for Melbourne, a discussion took place at the Imperial Hotel (where the Eleven put up) as to the walking capabilities of ' Younft Day' aud other Victorian pedestrians. Tarrant declared himself ready to walk or run certain parties on certain terms. Mr. Grace was in the room, and chal lenged Tarrant on the spot to run 100 yards for a moderate sum. The challenge was immediately accepted, the money staked, and the men stripped. The ground was measured and Judges chosen. The men got away in good style, running well together for the first ten yards. Then Mr. Grace took the lead at a rattling pace, pressed hard by Tarrant; Grace, however, increased his speed in fine pedestrian style, winning by about five yards. The race was one of the swiftest we have seen for The Toad Market.— The 'Journal of the Sicilian Acclimatization Society.' after alluding to the preservation of toads in Sicily, owing to a popular superstition that whosoever destroys one exposes himself to a run of ill-luck for seven years, goe* on to quote from the ' Annals of Agriculture For 1862,' published at Milan, a paragraph which states that a great demand has sprung up in Pans for toads, which are bought at 2-Jf. a dozen, and exported to England, where their value is begin ning to be recognised by farmers and gardeners as destroyers of insects which prey upon com, fruit, and vegetables.— Argus. . A Virtuous Community.:- As contrasted with the present desire of Western Australia to accept support from the foul profits of imperial expen diture on it as a penal settlement, the following extracts from a work published in 1839, by Nathaniel Ogle, F.G.S., and entitled 'The Colony of Western Australia: A Manual for Emigrants to that Settlement, or its Dependencies, are interesting. P. 43:-' Western Australia is hap pily without the taint of a penal colony. No con vict has ever been landed there; and the great distance from the penal settlements renders it improbable that even any who have escaped into »V.n Ktinh **-inlil rt--lf-ll thp PDntinPR OI the UlStllCt. P. 161:— 'The reader lias seen in the preceding report of the Agricultural Society that an itteinpt was made by a few inconsiderate indi viduals to introduce couvict labour into the colony, but which has been scouted as i breach of agreement The desire of earlier rain only could have prompted the proposal. The interpretation of it is tliat they preferred their wives to hold intercourse, in their domestic arrangements, with the lowest prostitutes and abandoned thieves, swept from the sinks of iniquity of a great metropolis and the mer cantile ports^to see their daughters and little sons in contact with such persons, from whom early impressions must have been received, and to have held intercourse with them ana felons-to waiting a few years until the progressive advance ment of the colony realized their expectations. It is to be hoped that Western Australia will never again be disgraced by proposals which are branded \nth the marla of either infamy or ignorance. Every man of honour, and every woman that desires that her children should pass a life leading to a happy immortality, should nriuly resist, even resent, so vile an attempt to pollute their new and beautiful country. Can a lit le more gain, a road more quickly made, or a few pounds of gold, compensate for the intrusion, the example. the pollution of the refuse of gaols and convict hulks? Those who think so can find society suited to their tastes in Eastern Australia or Van Die men's Land.' Amongst reasons for emigrating (p 2S1):— 'It is not, and never will lw, a penal settlement The distance from a penal settlement renders it inaccessible to convicts who have Agriccltural Report.— The stocks of flour on hand running very short, and our South Australian neighbours not being inclined this season to-supply us freely, as w;is expected, the price of flour has risen considerably within the last few days. The demand at Sydney and-^ew Zealand has diverted shipments from this colony, and instead of having flour and wheat pouring in from Adelaide, as usually happens this month, we are almost thrown on our own resources, and these. are barely suffi cient to meet the absolute requirements of the country until the new wheat comes in. Much 'rain has been cut in the early districts but the wheat is not tit to be ground immediately by itself, owing to the wetness of the season ; and we may presume that there Is scarcely one of the millers up the country who has any of last year s cram to mix with it. Thus it will be a month or six weeks later than usual before the new flour comes into use; and. it has seldom hap pened that the stocks on hand were allowed to run so short. Nothing but the expectation or law supplies from Adelaide before this prevented a rise in price some weeks since; but these, it now appears, we are not to have, New South Wales and New Zealand being in greater need than our selves In the former colouy the price has been rising ever since the commencement of the harvest: and as South Australia will be scarcely able to meet the demand upon her, prices in all these colonies will be more likely to rise than to fall for some time to come. Oats remain nominally as they were, but purchasers are hanging back until the new grain comes in wore freely when they; look for a reduction, which may not however, take place, as the maize crop _ in different parts of New South Wales is now showing symptoms of rust, and there is a fear that much of it wul be lost as the wheat was. The quantity of inferior hay sent in is'still too great, and it is hard to get an ofler of any sort for the yorst loads. For the best hay full prices are readily obtaineil, as it is very scarce, and likely to continue so, the damage to the hay crop never perhaps having been so general before since farming first commenced around Melbourne.— Argiis, January 21). 