DALI1Y. lnOM A CORRESPONDENT. j .MUNICIPAL ELECTION. The ATnnicipnl election, by its fruits, took tbo tmvn by sitrpiiso. Few thinking men expected such a result. Air. I', llnllinan, and Mr. Ilculuy wciu returned; and, to the disgust of the Council, took the nat lis aud their seats on Wednesday last. After n singular sitting, A(r. llealcy was elected Alayor, and Messrs. Roche, Sexton, Rosa, nud Guy. ler resigned their seats. I scarcely know which scene of this singular extravaganza is most to be noticed. Perhaps each deserves n passing remark. It scctns folly to elect men utterly ignorant to an office requiring education and intelligence. It was a greater folly for men pretending to (and generally believed to have a fair share of intellect, to turn a solemn and important ofiieo into ridicule, by elect ing a man unable to read or writo to fill thu Aluy- oralty. But tho greatest folly is behind 1 Messrs. Roche, Sexton, Ross, and Gayler, after electing their Mayor, nt once resigned, leaving the Municipal affairs at tho mercy of two illiterate men; ono of whom has just intellect enough to know that hois nttcrly'Oiit of his proper place, and tho other has not even that senso. Shame! Shame !1 l'rouc .Mlltixh. On Friday evening a public meeting wits held at the Union Hull, " to tako into consideration the late proceedings of the Munlclp.it Council." Eight o'clock was named us the hour for taking tho cliuir, but it was nearly nine before a inovu was made for commencing business, and, even then, owing to somo of the sensible folic, who think It a M good lark" to-put wrong perrons into wrong places, considerable delay took ptaco in electing n chairman, 'Mr. 1\ llallluan was at length inducted, and limine commenced, Air. f.aAlaughffc moved the' first resolution— "That Hie Town of Datby is not ripe for tho so- called boon of munlclpnt government, nod that, In the opinion of this meeting, the csta- Idtidimcnt of a corporate body in Jtalby la unnecessary, Im practicable, and unadvfoablc." In supporting the proposition, .Mr. IJastaughffo referred to tho action of the Council on Wed nesday last, and expressed his opinion that the .Municipality 1 was not now in existence, inasmuch as four of the Council had resigned, und ttie Mayor elect had refused to accept ollice. Owing to lim great disturbances caused by Mr. HrnwnUc, of llurnclulth, (who appeared to be how-came-jou-so, sup ported by Messrs. (Jlbson, Kltrn, ex-Alderman Sexton, and some others, the speaker was unable to continue his remarks without many interruptions, and having noticed one of the prominent disturber to be armed, be eat down, and handed tho resolution to tho Chairman. Mr. Hulllnan havlngralled for order, (a very necessary pro ceeding), Mr. S. II. Ind seconded the resolution. In doing so, similar Interruptions were experienced, and It required all the patienco of the speaker to overcome tho'nolse atfd opposition. Mr. Ind, having ro-ruad tho resolution, stated that he accorded witli the spirit thereof. Tho Corporation was unnecessary, because the affairs of tiic to\vu%cre not sufficiently matured to need filch supervision, and belli; unnecessary! was useless, If not Injurious. It was Impracticable, as had been -show n hy the lute election, and this view was borne out fully by the members of tho Corporation who had rcxlgn-sd their scats In consequence of it impracticability. (Mr. Sexton: " No, we didn't.") If so, why did they resign? Was it to Insult the electors who had scut them to the Council, or iusult the other member lately sent there? Mr. Sexton must chootc oue horn of the dilemma. Hut tn splto of Mr. S. the speaker reiterated the fact. It was Impracticable. It wan unadvlsable. No mau cares to havo his money wusted— Tji.it was unadvisable ; and under the present Mate of affair?, a Council defunct, and a Corporation which had "given up the ghost," their money would be wasted, and they would never eco a fraction of it again. It was very unadvisable that n recurrence of the dis graceful scene of \\\ ednesday Inst should he re-enacted. Mr. Sexton moved an amendment annulling the resolution, and said that the previous sjtoaker had Insulted tho towns people by statiug that the town of Dalby had not men in it lit for managing their Corporation: he called upon them to reject the resolution and adopt the amendment. Mr. Ind begged to correct the iast speaker. Ho (Mr. Ind) hod mado no such assertion. He had said that the Corpora tion was impracticable, and Mr. Sexton's act In resigning showed It tube so; fur Mr. Sexton would not horn resigned had it beet: otherwise, if, however, splto of this decisively acted opinion of Mr. Sextou and his Bunch, the people of Dalby stilt desired municipal institutions, by all means let them liaTe them. He would be happy to seo them fxacticallt iu existence, and if they decided Still to go on, he would say Hod speed tliem,and would endeavour to woke tbem practicable. Hut In order to do so, the electors must not reflect any of tho changelings who had caused this melancholy state of affairs. \ .The Jvrrriy - Mohviiey, tu a.iuust 'Inning specou, inuily cen sured the gentlemen who hod resigned; they ought not to. have itcae 6o; they might havo done belter: and he also' blamed the people, wi s, (whatever their motive) had elected unfit men. lie was Iu favour of going on with business, and fully believed that, spite of late errors, Daily was wise, in tellectual, and manly enough to govern itself The amendment was earned by an overwhelming majority. The business of the meeting was now ended; out Mr Hal- linnn feeling himself hurt by tho remarks of Mr. Moboriejr, could not resist a display of feeling, of which the least said Is soonest mended. A more uumerous or moro noisy meeting has never been Tho Mayor (Mr. llcaloy) has been sworn in as J. r. and Chairman. Air. Sinclair acted most courteously to Mr. Hcatcy, but Mr. Hculey declined taking a seat on tbo bench, and immediately retired. Capture or a Gano of ITorse-steau&s.; Tho perpetrators of the horse-robbery at Joodaryan hare been arretted nt tho Moonlo. The officers sent to trace the thioves liavo exhibited considerable skill, and a largo amount ofperslstcncy; for although thrujjdays had elapsed since the robbery cro they were put upon tho trail, they kept it, and, travelling Pome sixty or seventy miles a-day, camo upon tho gaug whilo they were nt camp, much to the surprise of the men, who sold they did not think they could have been tracked. The men, three In number, were safety conveyed to Dalby lock-up and the horses und all the other stolen property aru iu the hands of Mr. Bevlnc, tho Acting L'hluf t'onstablo, to whoso ability we arc mainly ludebtcd for the successful Issue of the affair. The prisoners wereexamtned before Mr. Sinclair, but owing to the absence of witnesses, they were remanded till Friday next The 1'ollce Magistrate warmly congratulated Mr. llevinc on Ills energy and success In apprehending tho men, stating that it argued well for the future when so young an officer exhibited such a prominent zeal iu the service. 