UTHftATgftE. THE HORROR IN THE HOUSE. {Concluded from our last.) ( The agent, when consulted on the matter, looked grave, hemmed,, didn't know—^whether —in short, he might as well inform Mr. Annesley at once, that there existed an unaccountable prejudice against t-h,e house, and that it was quite likely Charles might exs perience difficulties of a kind he did not expect in augmenting his establishment. These auguries were perfectly correct. Not a soul could be found in the vicinity willing to take service at No. 23; and: the young couple, reluctant to incur the expense of sending to London for a domestic, sat down to their first meal a little depressed in spirits—Charles,, who had concealed from his wife the cause of the difficulty, secretly resolving to extract some further information from, the cautious agent on the morrow. * They were sitting after Conner, with reovered spirits, but in deep consultation, when there came a low knock at the door. ' Bidden to. enter, a dirty old woman made her appearance. It was no other than old Charlotte, who had come to offer her valuable services in default of better. " She loved the house," she said,." and all that was in it. Old as she looked,, she could do as much as twenty—was a very good cook, and would work her fingers to. the bone for her dear little ladyship. As fop wages, she didn't want none of them." ! ' As these terms seemed reasonably cheap,, and they were really in a difficulty, Charles, after a moment's dubious contemplation of the old woman's squalid figure gave utterance to the assent he saw in his wife's clear eyes, and engaged the strange attendant, enjoiningher in the first place to have recourse to soap and water, in. the second, to eat a good suppjer-. * Though the old woman's eyes glistened,, like those of a famished wolf, at the mention, of food, she paused at the door, ana hobbling back, said in a sort of hoarse whisper : "Please, sir,.and my lady, don't say that you've taken old Charlotte into your service. I shall never go abroad-;• and nobody will k.now,. if you don't tell 'em." ' Charles smiled at the idea of the old crone fearing that the dangerous reputation of the house might damage hers; but, unwilling to. explain before his wife, hastily ave the required promise, and,, summoning f Eephzibah, dismissed the new cook,. und«r that young lady's, charge, to the sphere of her future duties. ' Affairs for a few days went smoothly enough, Charles, commenced a course ol study preparatory to the regular carrying out of his professional project, while the- little bride busied herself perpetually in the direction, of th.eir economical household, and was never tired, of watching over the wellbeing of uncle's beautiful things. Old Charlotte, who.seemed to possess the faculty of brightening up con-, siderably at will, had shed her squalid slough, and cam.e out rather venerable, but still effective moth. She really proved to be a. very good cook, preparing all their meals without assistance,, and often, of her own impulse, providing little supplementary refreshments foi the mistress she professed to adore. * One morning, Annesley having gone out alone, Mary—attended by old Charlotte, who was well acquainted with every drawer, shelf, and cupboard in the place—made a regular progress of inspection throughout the house, ending, as it happened, at the Angel-chamber. " What a lovely room.!" exclaimed Mary, for the- twentieth, time, as she entered; " and what a couch! When I die, I should like it to be on just such a bed as this'—and she satdown upon it—" with that sweet majestic •*' 1 iu>n<v me." " Everybody does die here," said old Charlotte, cheei fully. " Master's mother—! Miss May Callander—Colonel Doulton, all| breathed their last on this very bed." " Can you remember all those deaths ?"; asked Mary. I " Remember them ? Bless you, my dear, • they've all been touched and took within j these five years !" " Touched and took ! What do you mean,j Charlotte ?" said the young mistress, opening, her blue eyes. " Well/well, we'll see !" muttered the old woman. And so you'd like to die here too, would you, my lamb ?" she went on, with a peculiar look, gating at the pretty, fragile oreature before her from head to foot, as though mentally dressing her for the grave. 'Now, whether or not them was something unusually repulsive this day about the old woman, or whether she simply desired to be alone, Mary yielded to an irresistible inclination to dismiss her follower, and having done so, sat down at the great plate-glass window, which iaced the west. 1 The view from hence was both fair and sad. First came a slip of much-neglected garden, a orowded battle-ground of weeds and flowers—the weeds having decidedly the best of it—some leafless elms and fig-trees and a high wall, magnified to an immense size with sheaves and coils of everlasting ivy. Past this was a Roman Catholic cemetery, long since filled, and abandoned as a place of interment. Over and between three or four cypresses and that shaded the forgotten dead, : might be seen the broad wealds green with sprouting corn ; then a range of blue hills, on the last of which lingered the westering* sun. 1 Half an hour later, Charles was returning home. When within a few paces of his own door,, a loud ringing shriek struck him like a stab! In a moment,, he was in the house, and dashed into the room from the direction, of which he had fancied the cry proceeded. ' His wife was on the bed, frightfully con vulsed—Hephzibah and Charlotte beside her. She recovered instantly on seeing him, and a flood of tears completely restored her tranguility; after which, being left alone with her husband, Mary related as. follows: 1 She had sat for some time at the window, watching the purpling clouds, and the sombre tints of evening calmly enveloping the quiet scene,, when, becoming sensible of a degree of lassitude, and a strange inert feeling not usual with her-, she moved to the. lo.w golden couch,, and. lying fairly down fell intft an un easy sleep. ' She lay upon her right side,, with her face to the wall—on that side, distant scarcely half a yard from the bed—and dreamed that, so lying, the wall before her opened slowly, and that there issned from, it a skeleton, bearing in its hands its own severed, skull. As. it approached, one fleshless hand detached itself from the skull, and pointed to the v icant eye-holes,, while the head muttered " See how they treat us yonder. Here were blue diamonds once,, my sister, th.at laughed and swam like yours,. Come, let us compare ! M ' The skull was thrust up into her very face- She was conscious of the earthy, fetid odour— her own face was drawn as it were more and more into the sister-skull, as though it were becoming part of it—when with a shriek,, and a desperate struggle,, she flung the and the dream away. Although, for the moment, the painful impression appeared to pass away, it was but too evident to. Annesley that the health, and spirits of his little wife had received a serious shock. In a few days, her rich colour was gone, her lips looked dry and feverish began to complain of headache, and started, when suddenly tou.ch.ed,. or at the least unexpected sound. ' One day, after making vain efforts to eat her breakfast, the poor little thing leaned her he;id. on her hands, -and burst into tears. " 0 Charles, my poor boy," she sobbed, " I fe<ir I'm very, very ill." ' Th.e wistful, anxious look in. those blue eyes alarmed her husband far more than even her words. He laid her tenderly on the sofa, soothing her to the utmost of his power, and, not without bitter self-reproach for neglecting it so long*, despatched Hephzibah to request Mr.. Mawsy's immediate attendance. 'The little doctor acknowledged that his new patient looked delicate in the extreme, and required every attention. The present attack was clearly neuvous;- and lie en deavoured to elicit from her whether she had sustained any recent shock, or alarm, Mary, however, was ashamed to confess her dream; and Mr. Mawry could discover nothing but that she was subject to a sudden and fearful spasm, which affected her whole head from, the eyes to the throat. In the latter organ,, especially, she suffered much. pain.. •' On the point of leaving,. Mawry turned round, and carelessly observed " I take it for granted, my dear madam, that you have an excellent watcher in your husband;, but you need some care. Who, may I ask,, is your principal attendant?"—Mary smiled. —" Who, for example, makes your tea ?" "The housemaid, Hephzibah, generally;-. but sometimes old Ch" Mary checked herself. "•I beg your pardon—who?'' " I was. about to name an old woman we have taken into the house to help the housemaid, but, for some reason 1 have not inquired,. she does not wish it to. be known." " Old Charlotte 1" ejaculated Mawry. " Such is her name," replied Mary, astonished. at his astonishment. ' Mawry,. who had sat down, again,, got up, with a facc white as ashes.. " X—I. have a word to.say to Mr. Annesley," he said,, and took a hasty leave. 'Charles, wag reading medicine in the Angel- room. , " Good Heavens,, sir !" exclaimed the little doctor, bursting in," do you know what you have got in your house f y ' Horrid visions of his Mary in typhus fever i—in small-pox—a. lunatic—flashed like lightning across Charles's mind. " What—what ?" lie gasped out ! " Moll Murder !" ; " Moll what ?" 1 l s The old hag to whom the boys in. the town have e-iven. that title, for her strange association With every death that. has.occurred in this unhappy house since it became your uncle's. The very worst suspicions cleave to her. For mercy's sak.e>. M : r. Annesley, get rid of this.old wretch before you are an hour J older!" 'Charles stood agast. "Is is—possible 1 that" " I know not n;hat is possible; but do it. —«•!-, if." ciii.l mrvp,. o>>'.(•.!.-),>•-,TV : f|r>i^ Charles, infected with his earnestness, promised compliance. ' That night Charlotte was dismissed, 4his time taking her pattens with her, as though her work were done. " Touched and tool?!" was Charlotte's benediction, looking buck and shaking her finger as she passed the door. ' i^et me pass quickly over these sad details. The young wife was indeed doomed. Drooping <n-adually, like the proceeding- victims, she slowly but certainly followed tliem to the same bourne. ' Annesley wonld have left the house, but nothing could induce Mary to consent. His uncle would be vexed; would think them careless, ungrateful—besides, they had no other home. Most of all, she earnestly desired, if die she must, to breathe her last in the Angel-chamber, with those glorious eyes and protecting arms above her. 'shehad her wish; and, in a few short weeks, the fourth victim to the mystery of that house slept in the village churchyard. ' The popular feeling against old Charlotte had by this time attained such open expression, that it became absolutely necessary to investigate its grounds. She was accordingly given tnto custody. Some 'examinations took place; but the doctor being compelled to certify to. a case of natural death, and no direct inculpatory evidence being adduced, the prisoner, on the very day of poor Mary's funeral, was restored to liberty, and immediately disappeared, ' It was now imagined that the house would be finally closed. The next-door neighbour on one side had already quitted ; he on the other had given notice. Mr. Archboid himself felt his mind infected by the prevailing superstition; and, moreover, seeing the cause of misunderstanding removed, was ready enough to give indulgence ta his returning kindness UAvards his nephew, to whom he accordingly wrote, desiring him to quit without delay the scene of his bereavement, and resume the place he had formerly held in his uncle's home and affection. ' Charles refused. ' He considered that his uncle, in placing them in a house under his notorious ban, had been actuated by less disinterested motives than he had imagined, and had been even, in some degrees instrumental in the- fatal; misfortune that had befallen him. Besides,, he had a duty to perform, to which it was his fixed determination to devote every energy he possessed—nay if needful, life itself. He would find out the mystery of the haunted house. And. no knight, in quest of the holy • greal^ ever staited on the doubtful' way with more resolved purpose than Charles, when, returning from his: Mary's funeral, he reentered the desolate mahsion.. ' He was alone, absolutely alone; for poor Hephzibah, though, attached to her master and pityin^.him with all her honest heart, had. evinced subh unmistakable symptoms of aversion to sleeping another night in the house, tlmt Charles, unshaken in. purpose, judged it be»t to dismiss her at once to her friends.. So the door closed behind the sobbing Hephzibah,, and Charles was alone —absolutely alone. '• For hours he sat musing by the melan choly fire, undisturbed by a single sound. Evening at length approached, and still he sat, as though memory had chained him hand and foot to the place where he had passed so many happy hours.. Gradually, he got into, a train of recollection that conducted him through the entire history of his- lost love, from the first change- meeting when he had stopped^ a lost,, benighted hunten to inquire the road, and Mary's azure eyes glittered in. the starlight as. if they belonged to it, while she stepped forward to his horse's side, and raised them in directing him. He had arrived at the evening when they had come, with their modest baggage- and rustic henchwoman, to the magnificent house,, had examined its alarming glories, had dined merrily, and were reclining in their deep velvet chairs, their laughing faces reflected grotesquely in the polished stove, up to the moment when old Charlotte) like an evil genius,, appeared at the- door. ' At that moment a sound'- struck Charleses ear—it was like a distant footstep somewhere within the house; The door of the roon which he sat was wide open, and presently he was aware of a slow soft step ascending the staiiv ' To. say thfvt Charles's- heart did not accelerate its. usual pace by $ pulse or two, would be to deny a feeling that might have so far assailed the most collected. An idea that the bold resolution he had formed was about to be met half-way, that the mysterious Horror of the House was actually approaching him. in an incarnate shape*, struck the listener with an, appalling sense of being suddenly aalled upon to deal with what one cannot comprehend. Charles involuntarily griped the velvet arms of his chair,, and half rising; slowly turned his face to the door,, where the step had halted. '• There stood old Charlotte! ' His fear melted into. rage. " Wretched eld hag-!.—accursed murderess!"" he exclaimed, forgetting for the moment his own doubts of her guilt —" dare you " " Charles Annesley," said the old woman, walking up to him," it is you who should not dare. I warned you—I warned your mother—I warned Mrs.' Callander—I warned every one of you, young and old, of the danger hidden in this fearful house.. Yet I loved and served them all when-they would let me, and to do so ran the same risk with them For reward, you have put the murderer's, mark on me. I am the devil's mate, Moll Murder, the old poisoning witch. My life is. nothing; tlisy might as well have hanged m.e k 5 hoped they w ould, for the Lord keeps justice for the innocent, and He knows that I never willingly harmed a living creature. They wene all touched and took,' poor clears ! but not by me. I know you are come back to find out who killed, your, darling, and. old Chai^otte's come to help. yoa„" ; " You!" " Like enough in some things," said the old woman steadily. " You've no more pleasure in life-^-no more have I. You've one object—mine's the same,, only my reason's, the best. Find out what you. may,, you. can't bring back the dead. But I wear Cain's black brand, and that's, an «g-l.y mask to die in; / won't, if I c.an help it." ' ' Charles stoodlooking at her with an amazement he did not care to hide; something in J the woman's altered rnanneis impressed him ; favourably, despite himself. His thoughtsheld a rapid couucil: if the hag. was guilty,' and were really a prey to that learful form of mania which could alone account for such i cruel crimes, he had no fear for himselfj and mi.rhfc even, by examination and antilv^s obtain some clue to heu "ll^ged practices. If she was innocent., she might ufiord him important aid in his investigations. Some attendant he absolutely required. In fine, he accedod to her proposal, and directed her tn take up her resilience in the hou.se as before. ' A feeling he could not well define determined Charles to sleep that night in the Angelchamber. It was there that his Mavy had experienced the first notorious visitation— there, on his bosom, breathed her last gentle si«>li. As he lay down, though with little hope of rest, he could not resist uttering a fervent prayer that the terriMe influence might reveal itself to him; also—no matter what peril accompanied—so that he might but analyse its fearful features, and gauge its destroyingpower. ' His desire was fulfilled. It must have been about two u'clock when Charles woke, with a start, under the impression that a hand had been laid upon his face. But auch a hand I It could have belonged to no livinghuman thing. Horrible as it seems, it was like that of a putrid corpse. His mouth, his nose, his eyes, his throat, were choked and smarting with some fearful effluvia, his pulse went irregularly—his very soul sickened within him ! ' Annesley was a man of cool, intrepid nature, and the strongest nerves. Despite his confusion, he rose and wrestled with the Terror, as if it were a living foe that ha,d nearly mastered him—a moment, and the victory was won. Slowly and reluctantly, as though baffled in its assault, the-horrible fear, whose presence he had almost felt, relaxed its hold, and quitted him. Charles instinctively staggered forward, as in pursuit, reached the window and, throwing it up, gazed forth into the calm, cold night. - " Whence, whence, O Horror V\ he gasped. ' The next moment, with a countenance deadly white, he reclosed the windo.w and returned to his bed. . ' In that instant, the Horror, the Ghost, had revealed itself to him, as he had desired. 4 But Charles would have further proof, and witness too. ' The following morning, after pretending to eat some portion of the breakfast he found comfortablj prepared for him iu the library. Charles summoned old Charlotte to a conference. k She came, so. .changed,, that her master could scarcely recognise, in the hale, respectable looking* matron before him, the wretched old outcast of the previous day. But I have said that Charlotte lvad, in- common with other creatures I have met with, a .way of brightening and expanding under certain influences,, which revealed qualities hitherto wrapt in shade. The troubles she had undergone, above all, the foul stigma under which she laboured had had a purifying and vivifying effect, so apparent in her manner and language, that Charles secretly congratulated himself on his ally. ' He began, by tracing as minutely as possible the history of the later illnesses and deaths, beginning- wiih. that of his mother, which event occured during his absence abroad. In this he received most material, assistance from Mr. Mawry, for whom he sent during the morning; and who, after overcoming his astonishment at finding old Charlotte a member- of the council, entered witli all zeal into the inquiry. ' The- result proved that the same extraordinary symptoms had been evolved ia every case—namely;.severe Rervous, semi-catalfepticattacks, prostration of strength,, mental depression, decay of the vital powers,, and death —Mawry declaring himself; utterly unable to account either for. the origin of the disease or. for the rapidity and certainty, with:which,.once onceived,. it hurried the victims to their end. On receiving the information he had gathered,. Anaesley. was- struck with one singular feature in the case—the predilectionevinced by every patient in. turn for the Angela-chamber.. It seemed a- fatal; fancy;. for,, certainly, whatever soothing' influence it might exercise on the minds of the invalids,, was not reflected in their bodies. On. the contrary, every one- became rapidly worse,, and the mysterious Terror—though its recurrence grew more and more frequent— seemed gradually to lose its-intensity,, in proportion as physical health declined, till- it left the last days of the sufferer wholly undisturbed*. " Now," said Charles, as with a deep sigh he raised his pale face from his hands, after a minute's meditation, come with me, and I will shew you the Horror in the House." ' He walked, followed by the others, straight to the Angelr-room. There it shone with its regal couch, its superb mirrors, its glowing cabinets,, its purple curtains. Charles threw up the window,, admitting the soft freih breeze. " Does this," he asked,." Ibok like a pestilence palace—a house of pain and death ?:" 1 ' He struck upon one of the gilded panels as he spoke; it returned a'hollbw sound, like an echo of the last word, " death !." ' The next moment, Charles caught up a poker from, the fireplace,, and. dashed ia the panel. " Stoop down," he said to Mawry. ' The latter did so, but started back in horror, as a sickening, loathsome odour pervaded the apartment, as from a newly openec grave. 1 There lay indeed the secret of the Horror Out of that paa el crept the unseen, destroyer that had sucked away the breath, the life of no less than five victims. ' From the Angel-chamber, which had been originally intended as a luxuriant bath-room, a pipe had been prepared, the other extremity of which had vent in the sloping, bank of the adjacent cemetery, long since become one mass of corrupting human olay. Thus,, this fatal conduit, itself decayed,, winding among broken vaults and mouldering mausoleums, gathered up the noxious exhalations,, and poured them into the golden, room.. By what atmospheric changes, or movements ia the earth, the amount if miasma thus transmitted was governed and modified, cannot of course be known; but that the poison varied greatly in quantit}* and strength, was sufficiently proved by the fact,, that attention was never attracted to the vitiated atmosphere of the spacious and seemingly well-ventilated room.. ' The panel which concealed the mouth of the pipe was low down-—exactly, on a level with the head, of one sleeping in. the Angelbed, anil probably distant from, it but three or four feet. An almost imperceptible crevice in the thin panel must have projected that baneful breath into the sleeper's face as certainly,, and,. as it proved, as fatallv, as the " juice of cursed hebenon" dropped from the phial of the Danish regicide*. i\'o marvel that the end WHS rapid! To. turn the face! to that wall, was indeed to bid adieu to life its hopes, its troubles, and its cares. ' Thnse more remntkable symptoms I have had to relate, can only be referrible to nervous temperament, or to the mysterious trouble acting almost in the liatiue of disease until disease was positively eng-onus-red. ' When, on the previous riighr. Charles threw up the window, some slight odour eliminated from the burial-ground, connect' ng itself with the loathsome sense from which he had just escaped, at once revealed to him the latter's origin. ' I gave, you to understand, children, that this story was true; I now repeat that it is based on actual and melancholy fact. ' Many a child's banquet have I shared in that fatal chamber wuh my pretty May.' CUR RAN. —Lord Avonmore loved a jest in his very heart, lie could not resist it even upon the bench, and his friend (Curran) well aware of the propensity, used,; not unfrequently, to wage war against the gravity of the judgment-seat, lie has often related, facetiously enongh, an attack which he once made upon the mingled simplicity and l*ughter-loving disposition of the chief baron ; who, with all his other qualifications, picqued himself, and very justly, on his profound classical acquisitions. lie was one day addressing a jury of Dublin shopkeepers so stupid and so illiterate, that the finest flights of his eloquence were lost upon their. "Iremember, gentlemen," said lie, stealing a side glance at the unconscious Lord Avormore, "I remember, the ridicule with which my learned friend has been pleased so unworthily to visit the poverty of my client, and, remembering it, neither of us can forget the sentiment of a great Greek historian upon the subject, which 2 shall take the liberty of quoting in the original, as, no doubt it must be familiar to all of you. It is to be found in the celebrated work of Hesaid, called the ' Phantasmagoria.' After expatiating upon the sad effects of poverty, you may remember he pathetically remarks: Nil habet infelix paupertas durius in se- Quam quod ridiculos homines iacit— Lord Avonmore bristled up at once. " Why, Mr. Curran,Hesiod was not an historian—he was a poet, and, for my part, I never heard before of any such poem as the Phantasmagoria. " Oh my good Lord, I assure you he wrote it." "Well, well, it may be so,—I'll not dispute it, as you seem to be so very serious about it; but, at all events the lines ycu quoted are Latin—they are undoubtedly Juv.mal's." " Perhaps, my Lord, he quotes from the Phantas- magoria. "Tut, tut, I tell you they're Latin* they' re just as familiar to me as my Clackstone." "Indeed, my good Lord, they're Greek." "Why, Mr. Curran, da you want to persuade me out of'my senses 2 I tell you they're Latin—can it be possible that your memory so fails you ?" 4 ' Well, my Lof-d, I see plainly enough that we can never agree upon the subject, but I'll tell' you how it can easly be determined. If it was a legal question, I should, of course, bow at once to the decision of your- Lordship; but it is not—it's a mere matter of fact, and there's only, one way I know of deciding it, — send it up as a collateral issue, to that jury, and I'll be bound they'll find- id The joke flashed upon the- simplicity o£ Lord Avonmore;; he literally shook with laughter,, andi that the whole picture might preserve its keeping,. Curran declared he extended Ms immense hand over the clerk that was next the jury- box, by |Pay of keepingjthem entirely out of. the secret.? SiitPLiciTY OF FINNISH- ^M'ANMEPA—The grand dignitaries who accompanied the Emperor of Russia to Finland, bear witness to the.extraordinary simplicity of tho mode of life in that country, and which is in such direct opposition to that now prevailing in the Russian capital. The chief of tho secret police,..Prince Dolgorouky, paid a visit to the Archbishog.of Helsingfors. when, to the surprise of the former, the only servant of the ecclesiastical, dignitary took the light from the archbishop's table, and with it opened the door asd admitted the Pi-ince. On his departure the arohbrshop. accompanied- him to the door with the same tight in hiahand.. One must be acquainted with the prevailing, luxury at St. Petersburgh, and with the fact that an immense number of servants are maintained at the mansions offthe nobles, in order to appreciate the hilarity with, which the recital of this anecdote is* received. A still more-comic adventure fell to. thelot of. Prince Govtschakoff. when he visited the civil* governor of Helsingfors.. As the Prince's servantsrang, the governor came to the parlour window and: lamented that he could not admit bis highness,, asthe cook.had gone out and.had. taken, with, her thekey of.the street-door. The governor added thathe had himself just returned, and had been obliged-toget in through the-parloor window. The Prince,, 'so goes the story, did the same.. KECIHK BOR A HAPPY. HOME.—WE have somewheremet with this-.assertion,. which seems wecth. repeating:—-" Six. things are requisite to e»eate a: happy home. Integrity must be the architect, and tidiness the upholsterer. It must- be warmed by affection, lightened up with cheerfulness, and industry must be the ventilator, renewing the atmosphere and bringing in fresh salubrity day by day;; while over all, as a protecting canopy and glory,, nothing;: will: suffice except the blessing oi God," THACKERAY.—It was amongst- the most markedi features ofThackeray's chracter, that he never ov.er-. rated the value either of his popularity or of the kind of writing by. vhicli it was gained, and that hehonoured learned labour far above the ingeniousand; pleasant sort of composition by which thefavour of the world, is secured. It was,.accordingly,, his ambition to produce a historical work,, and. w.e believe that he had' selected the period of Queen: Anne as a subject. But death has put an end hereto everything except his universal celebrity, and his- .excellent novels. BRONZING.—The Chinese are said to bronze their, copper vessels: by taking, two ounces of. verdigris, two ounces of cinnamon,, five ounccs- of, sal-ammo*. niac, and five ounces of alum,, all- in a powder,, making these into a paste with vinegar, and spreading it upon the surface of the article, which should be previously brightened. The article is. then held over a fire till it becomes uniformly : heated;, then it is cooled, washed, and dried. It receives one, two or several of such coats until the desired colour is obtained. An addition of sulphate of copper to the mixture makes the colour chesnKt-brown. Nsw. USE. SOU a RACEHORSE.—An: editor in the Far West has bought a racehorse,, for which, he paid 2,000 dols. On being asked- what an editor had to. do with a racehorse, he replied that " he was to be used in catching runaway subscribers." ENVY.—There is but one man who can believehimself free from envy, and it is he who has-nevei; examined his own heart. ' —Philliys'* Recollections oj Outran. 