NEWS OF THE WEEK. The resignation of the hon. J. M. Grant, as Vice President of the Board of Land and Works, and his appointment as President of the Board of Land and Works and Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey, in the room of the late hon. Richard Heales, is notified in Tuesday's Government Gazette. The following is the despatch — to which refer ence was made in a telegram which appeared on our columns some time since — from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, with reaard to the Influx of Criminals Prevention Bill, passed in New Zealand, to Sir George Grey: — 'Downing street, 8th May, 1864. Sir,— I have the honor to acknow ledge the receipt of your despatch, No. 11, of the 11th January, transmitting a bill entitled * An Act to prevent the influx of Criminals into New Zea land,' together with a memorandum by your respon sible advisers on this subject. As her Majesty's Government did not advise the disallowance of the act-passed to prevent the entrance into Victoria of persons, formerly sentenced to transportation in the United Kingdom, but whose sentences had ex pired, so neither would they now advise the dis allowance of a similar act if passed by the New Zealand Legislature. They would however, see the passing of such an act with much regret, and they certainly could not advise that Parliament should be invited to pass a law for the express pur pose of enabling a colonial Legislature to enact a provision so little in accordance with Imperial policy, and which, in the opinion of their own judges, is not called for by any proved necessity.— I have, &c;, EEDWARD CARDWELL. — Governor Sir George Grey, K.C.B., &c;, &c;, &c.; A sale of Crown, lands was held at Ararat on Tuesday and Wednesday week. The lands consisted of suburban lots adjoining the township of Moyston, and suburban lots in the parish of Burrumbeep, near Cathcart. On Tuesday, almost all the lots offered were taken up, although there was ? scarcely any, competition. In only four instances, was the, upset price advanced ; these brought £1 2s, £1 5s, and £1 6s respectively. Wednesday's sale showed a very spirited competition. The lots purchased ranged in price from £1 to £3. 18s per acre. A sale of Crown lands was also held at Talbot on the same days. The lands were town lots in the town ship of Talbot, and suburban lots in the parish of Amherst. In most instances fair prices were realised. The total amount of the sale was £490 8s 8d. We have been requested to contradict a statement which appeared in a provincial contemporary, to the effect that Mr Weekes, the late member for the Ovens, had, whilst travelling on the Victorian Rail way; occasioned some, disturbance, by persisting in his right to a free pass. The only particle of truth in the statement is that the first intimation Mr Weekes received of the withdrawal of the passes was from the ticket-taker on the Williamstown line, when he at once paid his fare. There was no dis- cussion whatever. The Albury Banner says;. — 'We regret to find that our police superintendent has become so in valided, through his exposure to bad weather and bush life in his exertions to capture Morgan, as to compel him to go to Sydney for a time on sick leave. We believe that Mr Sub-Inspector Morrow, stationed at Wagga Wagga, will supply Mr M'Lerie's place temporarily in Albury.'' A clever arrest was effected by the Talbot police, one day last week. The Leader gives the following particulars : — " Frank, Reed, who is charged with cattle, stealing, and who, in company with Dick Gaines, managed to avoid capture by the police on Sunday week, was arrested about noon yesterday, at M'Callum's Creek, by Detective Lloyd and Mounted Constable Hill. Reed was found in a small hut near the main road, M'Callum's Creek, where he had probably been concealed for some days. The police seem to have had some reason for believing that Reed was at M'Callum's Creek yesterday, and accordingly Lloyd and Hill instituted a regular search,' and after visiting several houses, came to the hut. They found the door fastened, and Lloyd ascended some logs which were leaning against a turf chimney, and quietly looked down. He was agreeably surprised to see the man he wanted seated on a box in the chimney, which was the only opening to admit light, and amusing himself by perusing a copy of the journal containing the account of his adventure with the police. He seemed doing the best to while away the tedium of his self- imposed solitary confinement. Reed's attention was drawn from the paper by a piece of dirt falling down, and on looking up he was considerably dismayed at finding the police so close to him. His first words to Lloyd were : 'I know it be you; nobody else would have the cheek to come down a man's chim ney.' Lloyd dropped down the chimney and Hill came through the door, and Reed was secured." H.M. screw steam frigate "Curacoa," left Hob- son's Bay, at 10.30 a.m. on Sunday. His Excellency Sir Charles Darling and suite went on board shortly before her departure, and accompanied her down to the Heads. The Government steam tug George Rennie also went down to the Heads to bring his Excellency back again. During Saturday after- noon, the Curacoa was visited by upwards of three thousand people, there were many more in the steamers and boats alongside, but, in consequence of the crowded state of the ship, and night coming on, they were refused admittance. The Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company's Pier was the scene of much bustle the whole afternoon, and the traffic on their line of railway consequently very great ; but was, notwithstanding the small number of employes, carried out with great credit. The M. A. Mail says: — 'During the past few weeks the Castlemaine neighborhood has been in undated with the genus home commonly known as the 'new chum.' Domestic and agricultural ser vants appear to be the majority ; and, as we see but few of them waiting about the labor offices, we pre sume they find little difficulty in obtaining employ ment. As the boxes of many, however, have a definite address upon them, the probability is that they belong either to nominee immigrants or to persons who have been engaged down in Melbourne. We should be sorry, on account of this absorption of labor, to recommend Castlemaine as a desirable destination for the new comer, although we are pleased to note these signs of our prosperity.' The progress of settlement in the neighborhood of Castlemaine appears to be satisfactory. Saturday's Mail observes— "The locality of Chinaman's Creek, perhaps unknown exactly by name to most of our readers, has lately attracted several settlers, who have taken up, under license, small areas of land for grazing purposes. Many of the allotments border ing the creek are being rapidly brought under culti vation, and the crops upon them are looking very healthy. The land is well suited for grazing, and, in order to encourage its being thus occupied, several creek frontages have been reserved from sale, so that a plentiful supply of water may be obtained for cattle. The locality, too, is not so thickly tim bered—although timber is very plentiful— and is altogether free from the undergrowth which is, fre- quently such a pest to the grazier. Several com fortable slab huts have been erected, and, on the whole, Chinaman's Creek, with an easy access to and from Castlemaine, will be in a few years not the least important of the suburbs of the ' Great Centre.' " The St. Kilda penny savings bank was opened at the town hall, on Saturday evening last, and so great was the rush, that it was found necessary to keep the bank open until eleven o'clock, and even then many postponed depositing their money to the following Saturday. The total number of deposi tors was 261 ; and the amount deposited, £55 12s. As the conclusion of the tale of the "ghost in the blankets," the Tarrengower Times of Friday says: — "The blankets taken from the tent of the man Phillips, on Saturday night last, have been returned to him by a neighbor, who accounted for their possession by stating that he was passing the tent on Saturday night, and, seeing the door open, 'took the blankets away for fear they should be stolen !' It will be remembered that Phillips de posed to the police that he had caught a figure, clothed in white; in his tent; and, fearing it was a ghost, threw an axe at it and bolted. The affair is a ' curious ' one all through." The folly of being too speedily discouraged in mining matters is again illustrated. Of the Myers' Flat Company many of our readers, doubtless, retain a recollection more vivid than, agreeable. The property, when sold for debt, was taken by a few persons whose faith in the auriferous nature of the ground remained unshaken. After lying dormant for years, a prospecting party lately struck gold in the paddock, at a depth of thirty feet. The pro prietors of the ground have arranged to throw open the property to the miners of Sandhurst. They have appointed Mr Manduit to take charge of the property, to negotiate with parties of miners for the working of block claims. The ground is shal low, and the prospects on the lead are understood. to be very encouraging. On Saturday and Sunday there was a large traffic on the Melbourne and St. Kilda Railway line. On Saturday, the number of passengers was 5233 ; and, on Sunday, 6437. The author of ' Plutology' is being hauled over the coals for his knowledge of Greek In an article on Celestial Measurings and Weighings in 'Good Words" for June, Sir John F. W. Herschell refers incidentally to Professor Hearn's book as a "work of much interest," and adds in a footnote : — ' The title ought to have been Aphhology. Aphnos, or aphenos, expresses wealth in its largest sense of general abun dance and well-being.: Plutos, riches, in the more restricted sense of the precious metals; or, at the utmost, of exchangeable value." There is a broad distinction here; no doubt, which a reference to Lid dell and Scott will decide to most poople's satisfac tion. On Sunday afternoon three children, the eldest ap parently not above eleven years of age, were ob served lighting a fire on the plains close to Foots cray, evidently with the intention of camping for the night. On being questioned they stated that they had left St. Kilda that afternoon, where the eldest had been acting as nurse girl to a person named M'Kenzie, and that they had been turned out of the house, and were then wending their way to their mother at Geelong. They were handed over to the police to be cared for until such time as the mother could be communicated with. Alluding to the approaching opening of the Echuca Railway, the Bendigo Advertiser says : — "The Government are evidently resolved to open the railway for traffic to Echuca at the earliest pos sible period. The risk attending the carriage of passengers will prevent them being carried for some time yet, but goods will be carried on and after Sunday next, the 11th inst., or eight days previous to the border duties coming into operation — the 19th inst." The Public Works Department have notified that the Yan Yean supply will be turned off at Northcote on the first Wednesday of every month, and at Footscray and Williamstown on the first Monday of every month, for the purpose of allowing service pipes to be laid down in those townships. The M. A. Mail says :— "Some pieces of bone, said to have been found at Tarilta in the course of working a shaft, have been brought to our office. The bones were found at a depth of sixty-seven feet below the surface, and present the appearance of having been buried for a considerable length of time, although they are not in any way decayed. As we are not paleontologists, and understand very little of bones and fossils, we are unable to say whether these are human relics or not. With per mission, however, of the finder, we will send them to Professor M'Coy, with such particulars as may enable him to form an opinion on the subject." Referring to the various cries which have been got up in South Australia against the valuation proposed to be placed on the squatters' runs, the Express says : — "First it's pity the poor squatter ; then pity the poor shepherd and hutkeepers ; then pity the poor tramps in the bush, who, when Mr Goyder's valuations become law, will no longer get mutton and damper for nothing. If squatters have to rent land as farmers do they will have to look after their own business, and this will lead to the dismissal of their overseers. They will cease to employ unnecessary and unremunera tive labor, and this will compel a number of spare hands to go and seek employment in the agricul tural districts. They will charge travellers for a cut of cold mutton, and this would be the unkindest cut of all ! Such in simple, unexaggerated phrase is the latest ' wail' from the waste lands of South Australia. It cannot fail to go to the heart of every colonist whose heart is in the right place. There is something wildly melancholy in the idea of such a social revolution. Pan, hitherto tuning his sylvan reeds to Arcadian melody, will have to hang his pipes upon a willow, save when they are required for Hindley street performances. Joking apart, we would ask are these whining ap peals on behalf of the wealthiest class of the colony respectable ? Is it for a moment to be supposed that farmers, traders, and the working population will be deluded into supposing that blessings come only through squatters ?' An adjourned general meeting of the Minmi Coal Company was held on Monday afternoon, mainly to consider the question of the company's mortgage, and to arrange, if possible, somewhat to lighten that burden. The question was, what mode should be adopted as the best ? The original proposal made to the Messrs Brown was that one half of the mort gage should be paid off in 1867, and the other half in 1869. One of the Messrs Brown, it seems, went to Sydney to consult the other on this proposal, and to see whether he would accept it. A telegram had been received from this gentleman, intimating that this arrangement could not be adhered to, and pro posing that the company should pay £5000 in Feb ruary, 1865, and £10,000 in January, 1867, and £10,000 in June, 1869. After discussing the sub ject at great length, the meeting ultimately resolved that this proposal could not be accepted and the secretary was instructed to telegraph to that effect to Sydney, and to ask the mortgagees to adhere to the previous proposal emanating from the company. J. Lewis, the late clerk of petty sessions at Fryerstown, was brought before the Fryerstown police court, on Monday, on the charge of embezzle ment of public money; which has already been noticed, and was remanded till Friday next. The Daily News says :—' There was a great crowd at the court, and much excitement and interest mani fested in reference to the trial. It was rumored at Echuca, where the accused was last stationed, that a plea of insanity would be urged in his behalf; but we have heard that this is incorrect, and that Lewis has declined to allow his friends to pay for his defence.' In its last summary for England, writing on the. frequent Ministerial crises which had taken place during the month, the South Australian Advertiser observes: — "Suffice it that, after an almost un bearable amount of shuffling, and twisting, and dodging of every kind and description, we have got a Ministry ; a Government of sworn politi cal enemies, realising the prophecy of the lion lying down with the lamb ; or reproducing the 'Happy Family '. of natural enemies reconciled by the perseverance of the London showman. At all events, we have got a Ministry: a Ministry of able and experienced men— regarded individu ally ; but whose immediate antecedents are those of Lee and Grant, Jefferson Davis, and Abraham Lin coln, Pio Nono and Garibaldi; The public, how ever, not fully comprehending, how wonderfully the sweets of office cover the bitterness of previous opposition, are staggered to behold sitting side by side— the very images and personifications of brotherly love and friendship — those who but a few days before were at daggers drawn, and de nouncing each other in the bitterest terms as utterly and totally unfit to take any part whatever in the government of the country. If it be said that such extraordinary coalitions prove that the colony is scarcely fitted for the exercise of self government, let it be remembered that these com binations are not acquiesced in by the people, and that at the moment whilst we are writing these lines more than one public meeting is being held for the very purpose of denouncing such political inconsistency, and of taking steps to punish it." We learn, from Monday's Daily News, that on Friday last, between thirty and forty, Chinese, who had made, what they consider a 'pile' in the Cas tlemaine district, proceeded from the railway station, en route for their native, country; and another company of between twenty and thirty also left the station during yesterday, and proceeded, via Mel bourne, to the homes of their fathers in the flowery land. This speaks well for their thoughtfulness, and it is indicative that alluvial mining, in this neighborhood, has been profitably followed by Chinamen, at least. The Southern Cross (Auckland, N.Z.), of the 11th August, says :— ' We understand that writs have been issued from the Supreme Court, at the instance of the Superintendent of the Province, against several female emigrants for payment of promissory notes granted before they left England, for the amount of their passage moneys, and that Mr Beveridge has been instructed to defend the actions on the ground of the illegality of the pro missory notes." As being in some measure illustrative of Chinese custom, we extract the following from Monday's Ballaarat Post : — " The superstition of the partially civilised has always been turned to good account by those who were more enlightened, and a notable instance of this was shown in the case of the per sonalties of Yen Sing, the Chinese storekeeper who was killed the other night by the fumes of charcoal. All the 'furniture and effects' which were in the room at the time of the death of the deceased were given away or thrown into, the street, in either case being eagerly seized upon by Europeans, who were more sceptical of the doctrine of fatality, or cared less about the superstitions with which the Chinese environ death." A Government sale of town allotments, situated at Sale, Rosedale, and Maffra, was held at the court house, Sale, on, Tuesday last. The competition for the allotments, at both Sale and Maffra, was very great, as much as £50 for half an acre on the out skirts of the latter borough having been paid. The lots sold in the township of Rosedale had improve ments on them, valued at from £30 to £40, and were consequently allowed to go at the upset price. The average price realised for the land was £45 per acre at Sale, and £39 per acre at Maffra. By the Alhambra, which arrived on Tuesday, with 227 passengers and 5895 ounces of gold, we have our files from Otago to the 31st ult. The intelli gence from the gold-fields is of an uninteresting character. No discoveries of any importance had been made, but the rivers had again gone down, and it was hoped that mining operations would shortly be recommenced on them. The public will, no doubt, be glad to learn that an important step has been taken towards the erection of the Burke and Wills monument over the explorer's graves, in the Melbourne Cemetery. This was the conveyance from Harcourt to Melbourne by the Victorian Railway, of the largest block of stone ever moved in Victoria, which is intended to form the shaft of the monument. The monolith, which safely arrived at the Spencer street station, on Mon day, weighs nearly thirty-five tons, and is of solid granite, hewn from the quarries of Mount Alexan der. It will readily be coucoived that the labor of drawing this massive block from the quarries to the Harcourt station, a distance of two and-a-half miles, was something immense. It took several weeks of incessant toil, and was a very expensive affair. The transit by rail was successfully accom plished in about nine hours, no delays beyond those requisite for cooling heated axles being experienced, and much praise is due to Messrs Jeremy, Christie, and Feehan, of the Railway Department, for the able manner in which they provided all necessary appliances, and made every possible arrangements to avoid accident. The contractors for this monu ment are Messrs Huxley, Parker and Co., who have overcome difficulties in connection with the under taking deemed by many experienced men almost impracticable in this colony. With regard to the proposed Panama route, the Lyttelton Times says :— "We learn that Captain Vine Hall reached England early in June, and at the same, time the decision of the Government in the matter- of the contract was made known to the contractors by letter. All the indignation which might be expected was felt and expressed ; and the directors, in the interest of their shareholders, new and old, were prepared to maintain their position if possible, or demand compensation for the loss. It is to be hoped that the news of the provincial guarantee of the service, which would reach them soon afterwards, will satisfy the company." The New Zealand Herald gives the following anecdote in connection with the erigageinent at Ran gariri: — ' Amongst the many stories that go the. round of the soldiers' tent when the inmates are en joying a smoke and a gossip, is one of a circumstance which occurred at the attack upon Rangariri. The General, with his usual indifference to danger, was standing at; a short distance from the pa, while the attack was going on, with the; bullets whistling round him thick as hail.. One native in particular had been seen to. take several deliberate shots at the General, and as soon as the shot was delivered to drop be- hind the parapet. Seeing this, a soldier of the 65th crept up close under the parapet, and as soon as the Maori showed himself he jumped up, and bayoneting him, shot his companion with his rifle, and then rushed back with a cheer and an Irish yell. The General, it is said, praised the man, and said a few of those words which are dearer to a brave soldier than gold. These little stories will form instances of British valor as long as New Zealand is a country inhabited by Britons." We have our files from Tasmania to the 3rd inst., Referring to the withdrawal of the troops from New Zealand, the H. T. Mercury says : — 'We are in a position to state authoritatively that, simultaneously with the movement of the head-quarters of the 14th Regiment to Melbourne, a detachment of the regi ment, 240 strong, will be sent here, the details of the 12th and 40th Regiments now here to be with- drawn as soon after as possible. That is, at all events, the present intention, and it is not, we are given to understand, likely to be changed. It is, in tact, thought that the, state of affairs in New Zealand will allow, of the 14th Regiment being spared much earlier than January next. In that case, we shall have our troops replaced sooner than was at one time thought." A meeting of the sub- committee for the resuscita tion of the Temperance League of Victoria was held in the Temperance Hall, on Tuesday, when it was agreed to recommend to the general committee the adoption) as nearly as possible, of the basis of the former league. A series of resolutions were also agreed to, setting forth what should be the prin ciples, policy, constitution and operations of the league. We leam from the Ballaarat Star that signs of something, like animation are beginning to be ob served among the leaseholders of land for novel in dustrial enterprises ; and this has, no doubt, been caused, to a great extent, through the recent action of the Government in having the whole of the firat granted leaseholds reported on for the purpose; of ascertaining what, and if any, improvements have been effected upon them. Our contemporary says: — 'In many cases lessees had their blocks, fenced in, and, in other cases, nothing in the shape of improvements had been commenced, partly on account of the great difficulty of obtaining: fencing at this season of the year, and also, per- haps, through the season being too far advanced to turn the land to anything like a profitable ac count. Now, however, fencing has been commenced in earnest on many of the blocks, and they are also being ploughed up and trenched preparatory to being planted. In the neighborhood of Tourello, Glendaruel and the district adjacent, where many of these leases were granted, the lessees are busy at work, and where, a few weeks ago, the ground was bare and tenantless, houses now appear and fencing is being rapidly carried on. Mr John Alexander, of Glendaruel, has just completed fencing in two blocks, and is preparing the ground for flux and tobacco. Other leaseholders in the same locality are also taking active measures for improving their blocks, and there is every reason to expect that the novel industries will soon become permanently established. Even although the con ditions of lease are not followed out strictly to the letter, if the land is permanently improved, and a desire shown to raise the products stipulated, as far as the nature of the soil and position of the ground will permit, we presume that the Go vernment will be satisfied, for it can hardly be expected that in every case the lessee will be able, to succeed in his novel attempts. Many of the lessees who only obtained their blocks about a month ago in the neighborhood of Clunes have already effeoted considerable improvements upon them." A case of 'pollard poisoning' has occurred at Clunes, though with less serious results than at tended that at Castlemaine. The Ballaarat Star, says : — 'Mr Henry Davies, of Fraser street, Clunes, had a valuable pig poisoned last week through eating pollard. Several instances of poisoning from pollard have lately occurred, and it would seem that the subject should be inquired into by the authori ties, as pollard is even now largely used for making bread in the farming districts, and the consequences might be very serious. The poisonous effect of the' pollard alluded to is said to arise from the large quantity of drake in the wheat, and as this is no tfoubt the case, it certainly behoves millers to have then1 wheat well cleaned before passing it through the mill. The pig in question became fearfully; swollen after death, and exhibited all the symptoms of suffering from the most deadly poison.' A somewhat novel enterprise is thus referred to by the Melbourne correspondent of the Ballaarat Star :— 'I hear that among other speculations on the carpet there is one of rather a novel character, the author of which is a liberal ex-member of the Assembly, and that he has been joined by a num ber of influential persons, who are ready, or nearly so, to act as soon as the speculation is in shape. As far as I can learn, a proposition is to be made to Government to take all the waste lands of the Crown at a rental of fourpence per acre, the said lands to be open in the freest and fullest manner to agricultural settlement. This rent would produce about £611,000, a sum that certainly contrasts favorably with the £200,000 odd paid by the pre- sent-pastoral .tenants.. .How. .tiiis . noveisettlement of the land question1 is to Tie brought about I 'do not loiowjibut^ to ; the 'uninitiated' thereappear a -few little difficulties .'ih^th'e way of the complete realisa- ' tion of the proposal. The matter is said to only require a'little encouragement on -the part of Go ? vernment to come to a head, and to be put formally ? before the 'public.' . .?.':.'.' .''.'? . : :.' The ordinary monthly meeting of ? the1 St. Patrick's Society;; was held at the hall, Bourke street west; on1' 'Tuesday ; Mir, Martin Hood presiding; The' 'minutes, of the' .past meeting.' having beenr confirmed,- 'the': usual. 'business, of the society wa^proceeded'Tpith, such as the nomination of new' members, the payments of subscriptions, &c;:; The' foUbwingnew -members Were elected, onthe recom mendation of thecqmmittee i— -Messrs Jeremiah Gal- ' lanarij Patrick Gheevers,. MiJ.es/Hallisy, ?' Patrick M'Kayy Thomas, ' '.Foley' arid Maurice Trehey, as benefit , members ; Dr.' M'Carthy and ;Mr 'Thomas Hartyl as honorary members. The action of the hall committee .was afterwards somewhat further discussed. It will bo remembered that the committee, in'their report, recomriiend the erection of. a 'new hall; in Stephen street, on the site adjoining that, of the Jewish Synagogue, and state' that' they have placed the old; property in the hands ] of : Mr Byrne for sale. Mr Slorarij the vice- president, moved the confirmation .of the committee's action ??. in this matter'.; and Mr Glennon seconded the proposition. Soii'e discussion ensued as to .the arrangement' for the'sale of the old1 halli; dtiririg which 'several speakers digressed, into the other question respect ing the eligibility of the new ', site, and were called to; order. Inquiry was also . made as to the price set on: the old' hall; bui'the chairihan intinl&ted; that'; it would be. injudicious at 'present, to announce a Certain' price. The chairmait further explained that the agent was 'not ^ instructed 'tp sell the premises' unconditionally ; arid ' '? that,. -' for aught' that , appeared asv: yet, ? the' society ! might retain possession of ,its present place of meeting for another year. He also stated the motives which had influenced the committee in coming to their decision that V' mere central site for a St; Patrick's Hall should be obtained. Ultimately, the action of the committee was approved and confirmed, and the pro ceedings ; teiTriinated. Mr John Rowan subsequently moved a resolution,^ expressive of regret at the death of Mr Smith O'Brien, and of sympathy with his widow and familyL' This 'resolution was adopted wiihout dissent.. '' ' :, ? ;. ? ' ';??-??':???'????'--_'??? Last ? Tuesday's Ballaarat Post says :-^-'Sinc'e the man Burns was committed for trial for the 'abduction of; his niece, evidence calculated to convict him of a fltill.mpre serious crime has come into the posses-' sionpf the police, and on Tuesday the. wretched man was charged, before the police magistrate, in the gaol, , with committing an indecent; assault upbri a younger niece, 'a girl about eleven years of age. The inquiry was 'postponed for the production of a witness who could add ' the one link necessary, to make complete, the chain of evidence—which in such cases is necessarily chiefly circumstantial:' ! ' The skeleton recently found on Mr. Hutohinspn's farm, at Carisbrook, a few inches below the surface, is stated :to. be that of an aboriginal. The M. and D, Advertiser says : — ' The remains were examined; by Dr Laidman on Saturday, when it was ascertained that the skeleton, was that, of a full grewn, man, of great stature. From the decayed nature of the bones, which almost crumbled tp: dust pn exposure, to the atmosphere, it, is cpnoluded that, many years,, must have elapsed since the interment of the body; probably . Borne j stalwart abpriginal found : his last resting place on the Carisbrpok plains long before,, civilisation crossed the Loddqn.' The Pastoral Times says:— 'During. the early part of last 'week many families had to go-without bread j owing to there being: little, or no flour' in Deniliquin. ; The bakers ceased their usual supply, and home-made bread, or cakes, out , of the house hold stock of flour had to be.made. Borrowing was general, and but for Messrs Filson, Dalzell and Co. having a small quantity,1 which they would only 'sell intlriblets, to give everyone a little,- we should have been without the staff of life.1' : A sad and fatal acoident occurred at the Quarries near Woodend, on Saturday last, the following account, of which we take from Tuesday's Kyneton Observer :— ' Mrs Ross, who lives near the Quarries, had occasion to go to Dunn's store, abPut a quarter of a mile frpm, her residence, and left her child, a little girl twenty months old, along with ' another child (a boy) aged six years. Whilst she was in the store, the boy came running to his mother, and in formed her that his little sister Catherine was on fire. Mrs Boss gave the baby she had in her arms tp Mrs Dunn, and rusked off as quickly as possible to 'the ''relief .of her child, whom she met coming' towards , her all : on fire, about one hundred yards' from her hut. The flames were extinguished ';as quickly as possible and salad oil put upon the burns, but the child had suffered so much that it never rallied, and died from collapse the same dayi two hotirs after being admitted into the, Kyneton Hos pital. A coroner's inquest was held at the hospital, yesterday, morning, before Dr. Geary, district coroner, and the jury returned a verdict of ' Acci . dental death.'' ' ,' ''!::'', ': .' ??; :,. The following, relative to the visit of Commodore 'Wiseman to the batteries at Queensoliff.'is supplied by the Geelong Advertiser ;— ' Her Majesty's steam frigate; Curacoa arrived off Queenscliff on, Sunday afternoon, but did not come to an anchor. She had on.board.a large number of visitors, who landed and inspected the battery. Among those who landed we're Sir William Wiseman, General Chute and staff, Mr Verdon,' ,Mr. Miohie, .'.Mr', Mitchell, ' Mr Hervey, Colonel Anderson, Lieutenant-Colonel Rede, Captains fioll,L Snee, and Norman, Lieutenant Paine, Mr Wardell, the Sheriff of Melbourne, and a number of others, whose names we did not learn. It is rumored that ripen tho opinion pf Commodore Wiseman will depend the measures to be hereafter ' taken for the fortification pf the Heads. It is further rumored that he in toto condemns ; tjhe bat teries in Hobson's Bay.'1 , ','',.?,'' A: farewell dinner was given on Friday week, at, Ararat, tP Mr G. R. Berry, the late gold receiver and paymaster at that. place* who has .recently been, removed to another district. Referring to the event, the Advertiser says:— 'It is worthy of remark, as a sign of the times, that five Chinese attended, and drnnk to the various toasts , proposed . with all the earnestness of Europeans. In the course, of the evening, tho celestial health was proposed and wariuly responded to ; , the interpreter, Lee. Young,, on behalf of his compatriots, returning thank's. In expressing the feelings of his countrymen, ho said that the honor they had enjoyed in being, present, and tho public manner in which: thoy had been toasted, would bo always remembered by them with pleasure. ? This is the.firsipublic. assembly ..in this* district in which.the Asiaticsectiori of the: coinmu-' 'nity found representatibri,: and- we imagine -it' is the '?first time in- the colony at whioh' Hhe health 'df the i Chinese was proposed and drunk.' - . '; ' : Referring'tp the prbpbsitibrt'of ' the Victorian. Go vernment to prevent the' iriail steamers calling at any port' in' Western Australia, 'the S.: My Herald says :~ ?:|j If the postal. convenience of the: Australian colo nies and'the certainty of an established line of steam communication with England are to be subordinated tto Victorian ideas as to^the .proper mode of stopping transportation to Western Australia; -it is1 quite time ?that we bestirred ourselves and' made 'an ene'rgetic movement for the, establishment of bur long con templated Panama/ line, which, when completed, ' woiald put us beyond' the caprice of our , Southern 'neighbors'.''' ; ' /; ',''?.- ?'?''.: . '? '?''' ''!','?' ?''. ''' ! A' sale .of suburban lands in the ^parish, of Ararat,. ' county' of Ripon, was, held at Ararat on Friday last. ' ' There] was a brisk competition, on, the part pf the residents- in the ipcaUty, and the prices realised; averaged from' £1— the. 'upset— rto/jB^ls .'per' acre;. . ^A sale of Crpwn. lands, cbnsistiiig ofri;t.o^wn' lots ;]at(' ;Malmesbury, suburban' lots at ^^ ( Elpb^instone, Vand ; country' lots in the cpunt^ :'of .Dalhoiisie and parishes ' df 'Edgecombe and Wbodendi:jyas also held at Kyne ton, on Monday. The bictdiiig for all the lots Was brisk, and some of the country ' lands 'fetbtied 'as'' much as £10 15s per acre.. ' . ! The Bendigoi Advertiser says1:— i-' We hear 'that ' preparations are about ?? being ;made/ by the Railway Department for .inaugurating the formal opening of the Sandhurst (and Echuca Railway, J on a scale as extensive as at.th'e celebration of the opening of the Melbburrie'and Sandhurst portion of the line. The celebration banquet, or .whatever will be given; will, ?: !df . course, come, pff at Echuoa.. On Saturday all the [principal officials connected' with the, Railway De- ? partment will take a, trip, up the, line' as far as Nine ,' Mile Point, preparatory to ihe; funning of the goods trains to1 and from Echuca, the first of which will start on the following day, Sunday. The opening of theline for passenger traffic will not,;in all pror bability, take place for three or four ; weeks from this date.' ... ' . i 1 A serious accident occurred at Gaulfieldj Wednes day morning, to a boy named Henry Norris. It ap ; pears that is orris and a young man went out on a shooting excursion,' in the course of which the lat ter sat dowhr, placing the gun between his knees. While in this posture a dog belonging' to' the party leaping upon him struck the- gun, which immediately exploded and the contents were lodged in Norris's left leg. He was as speedily as possible conveyed: to the Melbourne Hospital, where it was found that the limb was injured to a degree whioh rendered ampu ; tation necessary; He is -reported as doing as well as could'be expected. :-:?,??;?? Wednesday's Ballaarat Post. says:— 'Mr Henry Salmon, who, ibr many years ranked high amongst the successful traders of Ballatirat, but who has latterly , been brought before the public under most painful circumstances, expired suddenly tin's morn ing at his own residence /in Stur't street. Mr Salmon returned from Melbourne yesterday morn ing,; and was' engaged ' during , the day in , his ordi nary business) arid retired, to bed; last' night at his usual time. He got up this morning at about half-past;seven'and took a walk .in the garden, 'cbmplaining, of an involuntary ' twitching, in . the muscles bl his Ednds and ;face. ? At about half past .nine, he 'went , up' stairs iand lay dpwii, Mrs Sabnbn ? accompanying' ..'him, and,' after, af few minutes', struggling, he expired; apparently with out' pain., An , itiqaest .was '.to have been held this afternoon, but the cause o£ death is already too well known to his friends.' , Last Thursday's Ballaarat Post says :— 'An inquest was-held, yesterday, pn the body of thelate ! Mr Henry Salmon..- It vas ad jburned until to-day, in order1 that the stomach might be examined. Medical evidence was taken, and proved, the cause of death to be asphyxia, caused by. an overdose of stry'ohnine. The jury re turned a 'verdict in accordance with the medical testimony, adding that the poison . was taken by de ceased while he was laboring under a fit of tem .porary.insanity.' ' ;. ,' A man of the name of William Wilson has been arrested by the police in Canterbury, on suspicion of being the murderer of ': Yorkey,' in Otago, in 1863. He is described as small arid swarthy, and greatly resembling Job Johnson, who, it will be remem bered, was tried arid acquitted for the same murder last June twelvemonth, and for whom, at the time, much sympathy was ; expressed. Wilson was to ap pear before the Dunedin pplice cpurt, pn the' 3rd instant. ' '?'? ' . ...,;.,' ? ... ..... .:?.:?',.??, A man named Jehn Hudspeth was reoeived intp the Melbburrie Hospital, this week, suffering^ from a broken arm, the injury haying , been sustained, by falling. from off a; ladder at a plaoe, where .he was at .WOrk. . ,,.. . .; ?.. . .??.;':; ;. .:'?:.!-.:? .: !The members of the Ballaarat Volunteer band who were placed under arrest; have roceivedan in timation from Captain 'Drury that their resigna tions have been accepted, and they are requested1 to send in to;the orderly room any property belonging to the corps now in their: possession. The Star sayS : — «- Captain Drury - encloses an extract frbm \- the ;BrigadeiMajbr's letter f pr the inf orniatipn of the ; . members in question. The extract states- that the ' ' resigriatioris are to be accepted, with the exception of that of Private Lee, and 'that the ColonelGbm niandant has carefully examined the explanations :given, ' and' though it is satisfactory to find that they disolaim any intention of disobeying your orders, yet he considers their, conduct deserving of :censure.'' ' ','.'.'? '''''?,' ': ' ' . ?'? ?'?V0'1''' ' '. ! About eight o'olook Wednesday, the constable on duty in Albert str.eet had his attention attrabted to a person lying in the roadway, and on going up to him found that the poor feUdw was suffering from convulsions, and evidently in a dying^ state. The constable procured assistance with the view of ' having the' sufferer conveyed to the Hospital,; but be died on his way, thither. It is supposed that the deceased is a man naraed William1 Pickles, who has been for .some time one of the out- patients of the Hospital. ,j' , , '. '??,,; ''.'. . Under the head of ' Appro.aohing Ministerial' Crisis,' the following i is , given by ; the; ; Yass Courier :—' A. member of the. Legislative Assembly,, N. S. W., writing to. a friend in Yass, says:— 'It is now quite certain that the Ministry will be met with an. amendment on the address, and which will bo carried by a majority, probably, often; Mr Parkes will lead the opposition. Tho Government will be attacked for the delay in calling Parliament togo- ; ther, the abolition of the outsido pilotago; the, new commission; of the peaco, and thoir inBinoerityin the condemnation of the new Police Act and its werfing^lifbr^ the material for the onslaught on the Ministerial policy. Parkes.-Cbwpeir and Robert ?son will :be the chief- speakers ;ori the /coalition benches, 'andwill- 'in 'alt probability be members of the future' Cabinet. As Parkes will lead, he will; ': ' be sent 'for,' inthe event of ;the, amendment being,; carried. He will then propose .Mr Cowper as; Pre mier and Colonial Sedretary;; Mr. Robertson, Minis ter, for Lands ; himself for Works, Mr Hargeave . for Attorney-General ?;? Solicitor-Generalship not. to; be.filled up. : . If this programme succeeds, there will ?be several departmental changes. Parkes has con-; serited to coalesce with Mr Cowper for. the .purpose ! 'of devising a sound system of taxation. ?( Retrench ment will be.a leading motto.;: Free trade and open. -ports will form, a part: of the Ministerial scheme. The present Government, . already tremble in: their; shoes, and Martin curses the hour he had to do with jsuch a lot of incapables. I don't think there will be ^a general election : until the coalition policy :is 'developed.':'. ':? . ? ?/ ???:??? .-; .- ?? :: .? ;'? '-...- ;??? -. ;:: .,,?. The sale of spnriouB- gold in the Ararat district, has become a subject of very grave iraportance., ?The Advertiser says :-—'. Last week we recorded the fact of a storekeeper having purchased simulated gold clumsily manufactured, and presenting such an, appearance of .the fabricated metal aS;tp lead to'but little anxiety as io the. success of its . vendors.. Now, however, we are. called on to warn:store keepers against the purchase -of spurious goldtJ which is supposed to be gome eleven, carats fine, and ,, which can only be detected by means of the blow , pipei The alloy is used, with the greatest care,. and with an amount of ingenuity: such as Chinese only i can command. Every particle . of .the metal', which is fine, is simply, an exceedingly. small, particle of , lead or silver, either round or . flattened, thickly ,.', coated byer with. gold. The , spurious , metal was; purchased by Mr Flattle'y at Cathcai't, arid was ript detected until transmitted to the Bank of Victoria'; when its. fineness and freedom from ^irt roused the i suspicions of Mr Archer j who applied the blow pipe, ' and by this means discovered the fraud.' ,'.]'?.?? The resident .warden of the Upper . Shbtover, Otago, New Zealand, has resigned his appointment in consequence of his having been committed for trial for a criminal assault. -A. memorial, signed by some five hundred miriersj' has, howeyer, ' been presented to -the Government praying that he may be.reinstatodirihis former position. ;. ' '.-',. ' A special telegram; forwarded us;by our corres pondentat;Galle, states that President Lincoln had arranged with the banks for the required loan of ,-fifty. million dollars. . . . ., ;, 'j:\ ?.'.,'?'.{'? \ Between half -past eight and nine o'clock, Thursday night, smoke was discovered to be issuing from the shop front of the premises of Mr Robertson, jewel- , ler, of Collins, street westi The alarm was. given, and Mr .Robertson with his family, in the. dwell- ing-house at the back, were all unconscious of the state ;of affairs until several persons burst inland in iormed them. :'? The shutters were kept .closed, until the fire brigade arrived; and. no difficulty, was ox perienced in extinguishing the flames, .which had by that time made their appearance.; The fire, it was found,' had originated; under the counter, :in, a manner which has not yet been satisfactorily accounted for. The; water from .the hose caused considerable damage in the' shop, several pier-glasses; and clock cases being; destroyed. ; The . jewellery ; also suffered, and it is 'believed that the damage will altogether amount ;to' about £200, ;Mr;Robert-r son is fully insured. ? .: ' : . ,: '?'?. ??' : ]\ .?.?. . A meeting of merchants and others interested in the business of North Gipps Land was held, Thurs day, at Scott's Hotel, to take' steps to obtain the extension of the telegraph wires to Wood's Point. '. Mr F., Webb occupied - the chair, and, after some conversation, it was moved by Mr W. Hi Campbellj ; and seconded by Mr C; M.Nicholls— » That; a de putation from this meeting, consisting of Messrs R. Mackenzie; W. E. King, F.Webb, A. Caughey, Neilly, Murray, James, Andr; Macarthur, and the; mover arid seconder, be appointed to wait on: the Chief Secretary to request him tp extend the .line pf telegraph from Sale to Wobd's Point,- via Mount Useful and theNorth Gipps Land goldfields.'! This ?concluded the business of the meeting, which then terminated. ? ? ? The usual annual meeting of the Second Union Benefit Building arid Investment Society was held 'on Thursday, in the society's offices, Collins street east. It appeared from the seventh annual report and balance sheet submitted that during the year 161 shares had been sold at an average premium of 19s 2d per share. Two shares had been withdrawn, and 139 redeemed, leaving 857J shares satisfied, arid 517J unsatisfied. The apparent value was £79 0s 4d per share; £1450 4s 5d' having been lost upon the sale of certain properties, in addition to £2221 12s 8d reserved out of last year's balance sheet. The committee were happy to state' that they did not corisider any further loss was likely to accrue tp the society. The statement of, accounts showed a balance of profits to thei amount of £50,878. 9s 2d, which^ divided! amongst ,1374^ shares, : gave a profit of £37 0s 4d per. share ;-, the addition of £42 for seven years' subscription making the present apparent value £79 0s 4d per share. The report and balance sheet were read and adopted. After a sale of shares— 50 being disposed of, by sale . .'and 17 by.ballofc— the eleotion of office bearers for 'the ensuing year took place. Tho result was .the api.; :pointmentof ihe following :— President, the hon., Henry . Miller, M.L.C. ; treasurer, A.Caldecott; stewards, Messrs B. M. Ronald and Angel Ellis ; arid, committee, Messrs. J. Collie, E. Keogh, J. ;Stodart, J. Mullaly.W. Radoliffe, G, A.Mourita, O. J. Mills, J. S. Woolcott, andA. T. Best. :. ; ? The ordinary monthly meeting of the presbytery of Melbourne; was held, in the Soots' Church, CoU lins street, on Tuesday last, when there were present —the Rev. Geb. Maokie, moderator ; J. Ballantyne, clerk ; Dr Cairns, I. Hetherington,; D. Maodonald,, J. Clark, J. Galdwell, A.'D- Kininmont, C. Moir, G. Adorn, H. Darling, W. Lind, A. M'Niool,, J. S. Boyd, J. Lambie, D. Macrae, J. Bagley, A. M'Gregor, , W. Frasor. and J. W. Inglis, ministers ; : arid R. Aitken, A. M'Lure, A.:Stewart, W. Hurst, D. Brown and Dr. Wilson, elders. The presbytery having been , constituted in the usual way, the minutes of. last; ordinary, meeting and of two special meetings were, road and confirmed. The Rev. A. D. Kininmont .introduced to , the presbytery tho Rov. Mr Graham, who had reoently arrived in thecolony from Sydney, and . had been received by the Homo Mission Committee, when he was cordially wel , corned by the moderator, and recoived the right hand, of fellowship . from the. brethren who were .present. The Rev.. J. Ciark. reported that the committee of presbytery ? appointed in the Lance field case had met with tho congregation, that the. spirit maDifesleiJ by the people was en ^couraging, and that a satisfactory settlement of the matter cornmitted to them had been arrived at.' The' thanks of ' the presbytery . Were given to the i ' com- -T, imittee for the diligence. and; efficiency displayed by ,} 'them.: Tho clerk read a letter from the secretary -a ?o^ 'the Melbourne Presbyterian- Young Men's Asso-- ...'. jciation, setting forth the nature- and objects of such ;,??.? association,: and requesting; that the presbytery. I ?vyould take; the same- into, its connection : and undep; .; )its superintendence. ; , Messrs : Blair, Brown an^ f! Small. appeared aa a deputation from, the associar. .; ;tion; and Mr Blair addressed the presbytery afc r.i some ; length ; ;bn its.:object3 and .claims. Several';t members of presbytery expressed the deep in-. ; - teres't with which they viewed! the progress -.of -,-, , the association ; andj onithe; motion ; of : Dr. .. : Cairns,- a resolution ; was adopted, expressive,!, . of gratification* at ; the statements which had been .;.? ; rdade by the deputation, sympathy with the assooia- ; .: rtioninits undertaking, and a willingness to assist ii in furthering, its interests ; and ; recommending, in. ; ; terms -of a: request preferred by the deputation, - that the. ininisters. of the presbytery, resident; in ;..; Melbourne' and suburbs, should preaGh speGipl.-. sermoris on Sabbath, the 18th inst., calling the at- ' tention of their people to the claims of the assooia- , tion, and especially its missions, and recommend at tendance on its :. missionary meeting, to be held ort: :: the follpwing; evening. The Rev. D- Macdonald ( gave notice that, at next meeting, ;he would bring'j j forward an overture for, transmission to the general assembly, on systematic -benevolence.,.,, The .follow- ??. ing arrarigeriients were made for, supply of Divine ,? services to the inmates of the,;Benevolent Asylum-; till next meeting of presbytery :— Monday, the 12th,, ; Rev. . Charles Moir; Monday,. 19th, Rev. Angus i ^M'Gregor ; Monday, 26th, Rev. , George. Adam,;,,; ' Monday^ 3rd October, Rev. J. W. Ingles. The /, presbytery, then' .adjourned. , ' ? ;/? ; An accident of a serious nature occurred at Maid-' stone Thursday morning. A man named James ; Black was crossing the line of the Viotorian.railway, ,-, near that place, when he, was struck by the buffer .. . of the engine attached to a .train coming up at the „ time, the; force being sufficient to, throw him for some distance. He was promptly removed to the , Melbourne Hospital, where it was found he had sus- - tained severe laceration of the scalp, and, it is also. feared, serious internal injuries^ .... . ; ???..-/ I Jamesde Block, aboy belongingtotheDutchship.n Hebe, presently lying at' Sandridge, was received ?; into the Melbourne hospital Thursday, suffering from1 - a broken arm, caused by falling from the mast heado of that ship^ 'v i The home mission committee of the Presbyte-'1' rian Church of Victoria met in the Scots' Church, li Melbourne, on Tuesday last, and was constituted by ' the Rev. A. D. Kininmont, convener. The Rev.' George Graham, formerly minister of the United c Presbyterian Congregation of Stornoway, Lewis', ? , Scotland, and lately co-pastor of the Scots' Church, -,'? Sydney, applied for admission to this church; He presented an. extract minute from the recbrd3: of 'the J presbytery of Glasgow, dated 10th March, 1863, ; which states '? ' The Stornoway congregation's high appreciation, of Mr Graham's labors as minister ?- . among themi the ability and zeal with which he ' : had discharged, the. duties of his office, the success which had attended his ministry, and the confident,.! hope entertained that Mr. Graham would-, be an ? acceptable and efficient laborfirin the colony whitheir ?' he intended to emigrate.. In receiving his demis- ?. sipnthe presbytery agreed'i to express their sense ? of- .the value Of Mr Graham's labors, pf his fidelity .-J and usefulness. tothe: cauBe of Christ in; ? Stornoway^ '.» fand their trust that, by the blessirig of God,. his?; ,; ministerial work may be greatly blessed in Queens-. L , land.' Favorable testimony having also been borne .» by Presbyterian ministers in Sydney to Mr Qra-i. .ham's Christian character and ministerial efficiency:; ; during the ;fif teen months he has; resided there; ha A .was cordially .received: and : appointed - to /Pentridgani ; for; the remainder of .this month* .-.'?,.' : . /-:..., 