DB. SMITH'S DICTIONARY OF- THE BIBLE ' ' (From The Times, Dec. 26th.) Dr. William Smith has just given to the world a pair of volumes containing between them nearly 2,000 pages of closely printed matter. These gigantic twins complete the Dictionary of the Bible, following their elder and equally solid brother by an interval of four years. The three together form a repertory of almost all the information accumulated by travellers and scholars up to the present date, which has any bearing upon the elucidation of the sacred text. The contributors amount to nearly seventy in number, and include among them some of the very highest in rank among the dignitaries of the Church, as well as those of her sons who are the best known for learning. An archbishop, two or three bishops, and a half score of divinity professors and canons, furnish a warrant for orthodoxy no less unimpeachable than that afforded by the academical reputation . of some of these (as well as others yet under- rated for learning and acuteness. In the present condition of the public mind upon subjects which until recently excited the attention of a very small class, it is certainly matter for congratula- tion that such a publication under such sponsors should have just now appeared, for it is in vain to shut our eyes to the fact that the educated laity are no longer satisfied to be kept in the dark upon many points which in the last generation were discussed only among divines, and even then for the most part under the shelter of a learned language. The manifestoes of the bishops against Essays and Reviews might, indeed, have sufficed to overwhelm that obnoxious volume a century ago (if, indeed, its publication had then been a possibility), but coming when they did they only served to enlist the sympathies of the multitude in its favor, and secure a circulation for it in quarters to which its own attractions could never have procured it access. Whether for good or for evil, the interest of the general public has been effectually aroused to the literary questions which affect the reception and estimation of the Canonical Scriptures; and it insists upon having those questions put before it in a generally intelligible form. More- , over, concurrently with this impulse, has come the universally acknowledged deterioration in the quality of the material from which the spiritual instructors of the nation are derived. Just as a demand for more intelligent teaching , has sprung up, the supply of intelligent teachers threatens to come soon to an end. It is, therefore, no small advantage that some sort of , substitute for succession of learned clergymen should be furnished in a book of reference, accessible to all educated persons, where the inquisitive layman may obtain that information on subjects bearing more or less directly upon ; his creed, which he might seek in vain at the mouth of the parish priest in the coming generation of '. Liberates." ( It is not a very easy task in so comprehensive . work as that before us to settle exactly the class of readers to which it should be adapted, and render the articles attractive to the English reader while, at the same time, preserving that scientific character which alone gives them value. The difficulty has, however, been fairly overcome in most instances. The writers have, ( in most instances, been selected with a special reference to the topics on which they were known to have bestowed their attention, and the result has been a collection of most valuable , essays upon a variety of subjects which have ( never yet been adequately treated in the English , language. Most of the contributors exhibit a familiar knowledge of what has been written of late years in Germany, while at the same time they are far from tendering that blind homage to German theories which has made the knowledge of German almost an object of suspicion in an English theologian. Indeed, in some instances, especially in the articles proceeding from the '. pens of the higher ecclesiastical dignitaries, there is a little too much parade of disagreement With the writer's Teutonic precursors which both adds unnecessarily to the bulk of the volumes and j detracts from the dispassionate character which ought to pervade purely literary discussions. If the opinion of this or that scholar of reputation a upon the genuineness of a passage, or the date , of a book, be in the opinion of another who follows him altogether erroneous, the best course in such a work as the present is to take no notice whatever of it. If it is noticed at all, it has a r claim to be refuted and not simply rejected- a least of all with an expression of contempt. An ( observance of this rule would have both , diminished the expense of printing and preserved more completely the essential character - of a dictionary-the being a repertory of ascer- tained facts. Some of the best articles are the ( most ' free from this ostentatious orthodoxy, although nothing can be sounder than the tone which prevails throughout them. Mr Westcott's ยก Canon is a model in this respect, us, indeed, is < almost everything proceeding from his pen. The j same commendation may be applied to several of the t articles from Mr. Browne and Mr. Plumptre. Lord Arthur Hervey contributes a j scholurlike paper on the Genealogies of Jesus ( Christ, and a comparison of the historical books of Kings and Chronicles, Mr. Plumptre's ( Apocrypha throws an interest over a ( portion of the Bible which has been so a much neglected by Protestant readers, in con- ( sequence of its not possessing a doctrinal , value, that a virulent attack has recently been ยก made upon the mere selection of a verse from it as a suitable expression of natural feeling. Mr PI unit are does not, indeed, notice the fact that in the Homilies (which are, according to Dr. F Lushington, part and parcel of the formularies (of the Church of England) portions of the Apo- ( cry plan are quoted as proceeding from the issue- a ration of the Holy Ghost, but he truly urges the great value which, the whole possess as ill- t narrative of an important period of Jewish t national life, and he traces very accurately the growth of the modern opinion concerning it, ; which, in spite of the Lessons of the Church . bring taken from it for several weeks in the year, has caused it to be popularly regarded with an unreasonable aversion by the middle classes. The articles Sabbath and Lord's Day ? will likewise be studied with interest and ad- j vantage by that large class of the laity which has long groaned under the inflictions of a j scotch Sunday, but, at the same time, is not of disposed to purchase an exemption from them I at the price of Continental laxity. _ Written in a clear style and a temperate spirit, and well for killed by facts, the paper of Dr. Hessey will be read with profit by hundreds who would never have thought of perusing his Bampton Lectures. Each of the books of Scripture has an article devoted to itself, which forms a complete in troduction to the study of it, and is generally very elaborate, The articles Genesis and Pentateuch not naturally excite attention at this time. In them the theories which, since the time of Astruc, have been put forward as to the number of documents that entered into the composition of this oldest book in the world are very lucidly stated and carefully criticised. The earlier chapters of Genesis are " evidently generate documents transplanted in their original form without correction or modification into the existing work. In fact, there is nothing like a uniformity of style till we come to the history " of Joseph",'' ' 'JAS writers at least, characterized by the distinct use of the Divine undies Elohim in the one case, and Jehovah in the other are undoubtedly recognizable. The attempt of the ultra- conservative school to explain the interchange of the Divine names in Genesis on the ground of the different mean- ings they are conceived to possess breaks down altogether. In fact, the writer of that school differ from one another quite as much as their opponents. " diversities of opinion," says the examining chaplain of the Bishop of Norwich, " are to be found among those who are opposed to the theory of different documents, as well as amongst those who advocate it. Nor can a theory which has been adopted by Delitzsch, and to which Kurtz has become a convert, be considered as either irrational or irreligious." As regards the Noachian deluge, the same writer concludes against its universality, although he confesses that it is difficult to re- concile the language of' Scripture with the hypothesis of a partial cataclysm. He conceives the catastrophe to have been confined to the valley of the Euphrates, and some great and sudden subsidence of the land to have taken place, such as occurred in the Run of Cutch in 1840, when the sea flowed in and covered an area of 2,000 square miles. The articles we have mentioned are quite within the grasp of any well-educated person, and are specimens of by far the largest class of all w Inch he Dictionary contains. Some others of equal or greater measure calculated to command a ACRE extensive circle of readers, but one of a higher order. Such are the articles on the Ancient Versions of the Scriptures, espe ,* A Dictionary of the Bible, comprising its Antitjui lies, Moqraiiltti, Geography, and Natural, History.' In tints volumes. Julia Murray, Albeiiuulo- itrcet ; Walton \- had Mubvrly, Upper Uower-aUwt, cially the one on the Latin Vulgate of St. Jerome that on Miracles, by Bishop Fitzgerald that on the Old Testament and its interpretations, by Air. Thrupp and the contributions of Mr. Deutsch, and Dr. Tregelles. The biographies of the personages mentioned in the Bible are sometimes very beautifully worked I up, of which those of David and St. Paul may be cited as instances and great service has been rendered by the diligent comparison of all the passages in which other obscure names are recorded. The life of Ishmael the son of Nellie fish, for instance, is made out by a comparison of a couple of verses in 2 Kings with a short passage of Jeremiah, which we doubt if any one of our readers ever thought of combining together, and there results a picture of a villain worthy of the Indian mutiny. The greater part of these minor biographies are furnished by Mr. Grove, who on many grounds occupies a very high position among his fellow-laborers. Altogether the work is extremely useful and may be regarded as a fair representation of the current opinions of sincere, but liberal and well read, English Churchmen. There are some repetitions and some divergencies of view ; but neither the one nor the other could well be avoided in carrying out so extensive a plan. On the whole, we have no hesitation in recommending the book to all who desire to have their insight into the Book of Scripture, increased, without any diminution of the reverence for them in which they have grown up. 