10 THE BIFLE YOLUNTEERS OF THE : CASTLEMAINE COMPANIES. ri'\ Per favor of the Af. A. A fail.) M hsonieb Coukadks, — I have no doubt you R kvf sll heard that the challenge cup held by 1 Badiro since the last meeting of the lliile 8 Association is again to be fired for at the forth- eaing matches, the conditions of the match lag that each corps may send four per cent. I cins effectives as representatives, the cup to be I mrded to that corps having the three highest iTcnges. You will perceive that the conditions c.ie match have been entirely altered, so that u? corps having the largest number of good acts may not have the ghost of a chance to win ; H yhust the veriest duller corps in shooting may 1 Ecce have three of its representatives 1 £od scores and so win the cup. 1 Melbourne and North Melbourne rifles I represented by eight competitors, and. 1 d'go corps by only four, although the 1 , . aye the honor, for the present, rear, of 1 ? the largest number of marksmen of any |1 ®rps in the colony . The highest three in any 1 l-tobe the winners of the cup ; there- 1 ullfl ? ! fin exauiple, the h. and N. Sl,.8 !lave double the advantage as compared the Bendigo rifles. ,eT0icTT ' uianT men are allotted ; e the Castlemaiue corps as competi- but am convinced that , the Rifle Associa- ier«c Sare that they shall be as s 5p; i' 't quite patent to any per- ; rrs-rf the matter, and sees the tW the conditions substituted for " iii/.r.'y Association had no right to s r ffitention to keep the" cup ' fciiisn i.Urnc' as know that the metro- ' hrirenrpi Sre no match tor their up-country <1 reasons the Bendigo rifles have i 'osmfp-i . ,e. or the CUP. and at the same 1 tii form L jS. .s tJehig competed for, unless gnner conditions are enforced. tottovnn'f6 r'des> your Bendigo comrades ihthem ' or suPpoft, aud that you will join fcebein Prtesting against such rank injus- r«ialS?)elr,at?:1 aeainst the country corps, the a ckaenge cup ; if by competing 1 tke forthcoming matches Whow+u ,e aKermg of the conditions, %forrrtn ociaton maT act when the eessfij in Jjf cmes on, for if they are sue- Use the- .,?rin8 the conditions in the one" via, " most assuredly try it in the asre.ma'ne. for your own sake vonr ,n country you represent, 5sheDgth" u5'cuntry brethren, for "union l%tioevnt 4 ,man4 that which we have . rece've — " a fair'field and remain, yours in arms, I A BENDIGO RIFLE.- 