\--SENSATIONAL SHAKESPEARE. t \----_^- " - ? I CHARLES Dickens has taken up the cudgels for tho .' sensation " authors, or, more properly, against tho parrot.cry of "sensation" which has been raised by the Athenäum reviewers and Saturday Revitioers agointt the writers of modern dramatic fiction. There may be much to censure in the beer, blood, at d bigamy novelists who have recently arisen among _b-but the self-opinionated reviewers have pushed the'ir criticism to an unwarrantable extent, and have provoked a reaction. The writer in All the Year Sound lays hold of the strongest weapon in his arm. cory, »nd does battle for the sensation authors ia the following admirably exact paiody of the style and manner cf the conceited critics ol! the Athenäum and Saturday Review, Selecting Shakespere, he proceeds to rewiew one of his tragedies : Macbeth. A Tragedy. By William Shakspeare. _-Mr. Shakespeare is really becoming an intolerable nuisance, which it behoves eil critics who have at heart the dignity, or even the decency of letters, to abate by the exercise of a wholesome severity. Ho has no idea of tragedy apart from the merest horrors of melodrama. In his " Othello," a blaokumoor «mothers his wife on the stage, under a preposterous delusion of jealousy, encouraged by a gentlemanly Mephistopheles of his acquaintance ; and then stabs himself with a hectoring speech when he finds out his mistake. In "King Lear," the accumulation of frightful and revolting atrocities is something almost beyond belief. Lear is supposed to have occupied the thioneof Britain in some remote epoch beyond the dawn of authentic history. On account of a very natural and becoming answer made him by one of hiB daughters, he disowns her, and afterwards, for some insufficient reason, pronounces a curse upon another daughter, expressed in such frightful language that we must forbear from making any further allusion to the subject. Then le goes out on to a heath in a storm, and curses things in general, his Bedlamite ravings being varied (such are Mr. Shakspere'e notions of good taste) by the ribald jokes of a court fool, whose inanities are evidently addressed to the gallery auditors. Another character atsumes to be an idiot, and with hideous jibbcrings makes np a pretty trio. Finally, the old king finds out that his disowned daughter is a very good girl «fier all, and, when she has met her death by some mlucky ciicumstance (as improbable and horrific as the other incidents of the play), he brings the corpse on to the stage in his arms, "howls" over it, like a jtourner at en Irish wake-literally "howls," in good downright fashion-and presently gives up the ghost, to the great relief of the reader. Besides these agree- able incidents, there is a good deal of slaughtering, and one nobleman tears out another nobleman's eyes (at the instigation of two princesses), and " sets his foot" on one of them ! " Hamlet "-which a toady- ing clique whom Mr. Shakspere has gathered around him affect to regard as a work of pro- found philosophy and superhuman wisdom- is equally full of absurd and shocking incidents. We have the ghost of a murdered king; his murderous brother who succeeds him on the throne ; a queen who marries her brother-in-law; a crack-brainedyourg prince (whose »tate of mind would make him a fitting subject for a commission de lunático inguirendoj: a maundering old gentleman whom Hamlet stabs bb he listens behind the arras (one of the few reasonable things he does in the whole five sets) ; and a young lady who goes mad, and, after doddering about with Btraw in her hair, singing songs that are not over delicate, drowns her seli by accident in a horse pond. In the last scene of this hideous burlesque of nature and probability, the queen (Hamlet's mother) dies by a poisoned cup of wine ; the king is stabbed, and Hamlet and an enemy of his kill each other with a poisoned foil when they ire feccing. As only one of the foils is po.tned, and it is necessary to the climax that both should die at once, the two combatants contrive, by some sleight-of-hand which is quite beyond our com- prehension, to exchange the weapon wit-out mean- ing it ! But a writer who for ever aims at startling effects must of necessity pile up the agonieB in his con- cluding scene ; and this agglomeration of fantastic ciimes will the less astonish the reader when he learns that in one scene Hamlet reviles his own mother in the most dreadful manner, and in another utters pro- fane jokes in a churchyard while his sweetheart's grave ís being dug, and tosses skulls about the stage 1 So fond is Mr. Shakespeare of death in its mest re- volting forms that even his love story of '« Romeo and Juliet " is full of slaughtering and poisoning; while bis very comedies have generally some smack of the gallows in them. We do not wish to be unfair on Mr. Shakespeare. . He is not devoid of a certain ability, which might be -ruined to very .reputable-account if he only.under-, stood his own powers better. He has a good dealof native humour- exaggerated, indeed, to the pitch of burlesque, but undoubtedly amusing; and he pos- sesses some knowledge of the superficial parta of character, thoueh, being evidently no scholar, he is often ridiculously vulgar in his would-be representa, tions cf gentlemen. He would do very well as a writer of farces and of show pieces ; but his injudicious frisnáa have flattered bim into the belief that he is a great tragic poet ; and hence the gory nonsense of tbiB new drama, "Macbeth," of which we now pro- ceed to give some account. The scene is laid in Scotland, during the reign of one Duncan, of whom English readers know little snd care lets. The play opens, in good melodramatic (or, rather, pantomimic) fashion, with a dark scene ; thunder rolling and lightning flashing, and three witches talking gibberish in rhyme. Were this lost monstrosity of Mr. Shakespeare's fancjr ever to be played at any theatre (which, however, is quite im- possible), we can tasily imagine the low tremulous murmuring of fiddles to which the curtain would rise. 8ctne I., however, dees rot last above a minute, as it enly consists of tight short lines. The second scene introducís us to the old king, Duncan, to whom " a bleeding soldier " relates the progress of an insurrec- tion which has just been quelled by the valour of Macbeth. In Scene IIT. we return to thunder, witches, and gibberish. One of the old women com- peres herself to "a rat without a tail," and threatens to drain a certain mariner as "dty aB hay," which in- ducts us to suppose that she muse be a skittle sharper in disguise, since the draining of sailors is generally effected by those ingenious practitioners. Presently, Macbeth comes in from the wars, ? and the witches hail him as Thane of Glami.», Thane of Cawdor, and future King of Scotland. Thane of Glamis he is already, but to be Thane of Cawdor atd King of Scotland seems to this worthy gentleman bsyond the reach of thought. However, somebody comos in shortly afterwards, and tells Macbeth that the Thane of Cawdor bring a traitor, the title has been transferred to the putter-down of traitors. This sots Macbeth plotting how he may become a traitor on his own account, and secure the Crown for him self. He has a bold, bad -woman for his wife-a strong-minded woman, who gives us to understand that she will stick at nothing to satisfy her ambition. In very plain language, she invokes all the devils of the nether regions to take possession of her soul which, we dare say, they were not slow in doing. We have too much respect for our readers te re- I produce the dreadful things uttered by this she dragon, perhaps the most unnatural character that even Mr. Shakespeare's lurid and un- healthy imagination has ever conceived. Suffice it to say, that she eggs on her husband to murder Duncan, which, after a good deal of hesitation-pro- ceeding rather irom cowardice than conscience-and some idiotic ravings about an " air-drawn dagger," which he elegantly deseiibts as being covered with "gouts of blood," he accomplishes in the dead of night, and layB the blt.me on. the king's sleeping atttndtnts. Afterwards he kills these at'endants to conceal his own guilt, and in the next act wo find him king. But Macbeth, fearing that the crown will in time come to one Banquo, and Mb son Fleance, commissions "two murderers" to make away with these individuals. There is something bo homicidal and Newgate-Colendarish about Mr. Shakespeare's mind, that he seems actually to have persuaded him .self that there was at one lime in Scotland a set of nun who followed mutder ob a trade or profession, and to whom people applied in the ordinary course of business whenever they wished to get rid of an incon- venient rival, while feeling too squeamish or too dig. nified to do the work for themselves. The. ?mtn in question h&ve; no names, but are «imply dsscribtd as "First Murderer" and "Second Murderer." Our Scottish brethren are sever slow to resent an insult to thsir country, and *e, therefore, confidently leave in their hands the chastisement of Mr. Shakespeare's ignorant imper- tinence. Well, the murderers dispatch Banquo, but manage to let Flcar.ce escape ; and in a subsequent «cene we have Macbeth, his qt,een, and their courtiers" íeated at a banquet, at which the ghoet of Banquo mt,kes his appearance with "gcry locks," and sits «own to table, ob if he kad de8igns upon the meat, and armk. lets unlocked for visiter greatly alarms the .tyrant, who " makes faces " at the spectre, foams st wm, and remarks,that, inasmuch kb he can "nod" (whiflh seems n stni-ge occupation for a phantom), be muy as well "speak tco." The ghost prudently dé- fîmes to «ive tongue (in this respect more merciful than the ghost of Hamlet's father, who is cruelly ver- bose) ; and Macbeth laments his liability to such visi- tations in this graceful and feeling manner : Tho times havo been That, when the brains were ont, the man would die And there an end ; but now they riso airain, With twenty mortal morderá on their crowns, And puah us from our stools. We have no wish to invade the sanctities of private life, but we have heard that Mr. Shakespeare's father wes a butcher, and we can certainly very readily believe that the son was brought up in a slaughter- house, and thus acquired a practical knowledge of what commonly results after " the brains are out," as well as a tendency to delight in sanguinary subjects. In Act IV. we discover the three «itches in a gleomy cavern, preparing a " hell broth " in a large caldron. The filthy and disgusting ingredients of this broth are inflicted on the reader with abominable minuteness, for nothing is too nasty for Mr. Shakes- peare's muse. However, it docs not appear that the broth, or " gruel "-for it is described by both words -is intended for consumption, but only for conjura- tion. Macbeth havin¿entered to consult the witches, " an ara ed head," " a blocdy child," and " a child crowned, with a tree in his hand " (Query : a Christ- mas tree f), rise out of the caldron, as birds, bouquets, and bon-bons emerge from the' magic hat of M. Robin or Herr Frikell. These apparitions address Macbeth in some highly ambiguous language, and then follows a vision of eight kings, "the last with a glass in his hand," which is unplea'antly sug- gestive of the Cyder Cellars at four o'clock in the morning. After this cavernous scene we are trans- ported to the cattle of Lady Macduff, where the Mur- derers come in again, stab a son of her ladyship, and pursue the mother, who makes her exit crying " Mur- der ! "-and we are afterwards given to understand that she and all her young oneB and servants are slaughtered. Then comes a little breathing space between Acts IV. andV. ; but no sooner is the drop scene up for the last division than we are introduced to Lady Macbeth walking in her sleep, muttering about ihe murder of Duncan (which by this time has been almost borne out of remembrance by the flocd of later catastrophes), feigning to wash her hands, informing us that " hell is murky," and remarking that no one would have "thought the old man to have had so much blood inhim! ' The catastrophe now fast approaches, and we may hurry on to it with little ceremony. The queen dies (off the stage, we are happy to say), end an insurrection being got up against the usurper, Macbeth is slain after a terrific combat with Macduff, who cuts off his head (behind the scenes), and brings it in "ona pole ! " Mutual congratulations, flourish, and curtain falls. And this stuff is called a tragedy. Why, it ia a rank melodrama, of the old Coburg fashion. Mr. Shakespeare is behind his time. Twenty yean ago, in the days of Hicks and " Winsunt," he would have been a powerful rival to the authors who supplied the late Mr. Osbaldiston with the dramas of the New Cut. But even the most uneducated audiences have now ' outgrown such vulgar horrors. Does Mr. Shakespeare imagine for one moment that any theatre in London or the provinces would produce such a play as this "Macbeth." It would be hissed off the boards before the end cf the first act. And even should it obtain a temporary success, would not posterity explode with laughter at such a specimen of the literature of our epoch ?-if, indeed, posterity cared to trouble itself at »all about Mr. Shakespeare and his writings. The best advice we can give this gentleman is to turn a deaf ear to lia flatterers, and endeavour, if possible, to compose something quiet, simple, and natural. Though it is forbidden the genius of our nation and our language to produce an JEschylus, we may st least emulate his good taste in removing murder from the stage ; and though we may never be able to scale the heights of moral grandeur familiar to the intellect of Sophocles, we can at any rate refrain from outraging decency and sense. We say to Mr. Shakespeare in plain language, " This will not do. You may think it very fine, and fools may be found to tell you so ; but, however rough our speech, we are your true friends, and we repeat that it won't do ! " 