MISOELLANEOUS;.' S'Dbow~ar The ibstdo?ir fs' ad~ibce the marriagenof a young lady is; when she has in her countenance mildness ;Lin 'her speech wisdom; in- her.behavioidrmodesty, and in her life,?virtue. It is naidthat a bankerof. Ballnarat, re ifusedto lend ?ny ?ralmngcnmspaniyformccI under the Trading Compani?es Sttutoa single siipdere e'A'lenl gentlemii'i there has given a similar oppilion ai lto 'the' ii security of loans mnade to'new 'mining associations that inayTboe creatdd :by the act; ,I A Us EFUIL OOFFICIAL.- Tle Saurd 1?teriew, says:,--" One clerk is kept in tie. Fodreign Office wlio knows how to lyriq a& civil 'desp'atch. He: is: know 'familiarly among his frieiids as: the: ' hiimble pie clerk. le. conducts: thelwhole of 'tlih correspondence withAmnserica, and geneo rally comesiti to finish off d. scolding cor respondence with any of the:.other! Great A NEw SOwING MACuinEo A. friend info'rms the Red Bluf Beacon, that he saw n 'the.otlir 'side ftlie river a 'rther sa': gacious cofitrifiddnc'fr sowinnggrain. It consists of a small lumiaber waggon;? drawsa by- two -horses; and driven'by'a womei.' Across tho voehiclelboards were laid con-i stituing a platform, upon which a.tub: full of grain }as placed; Before it sat a man whose business it was to scatter..the grain onOit?her sidib irith his hands,: whici lie did with (gea'ne? larit?: Sacks ofthe seed' were cairried in the front of thlid ggon, to replenish the :tiubwhieii'`emp.ty: This manner of seeding undoubtedly is' a great saving of- both leather and human ekertion,, but it is death to those who keep agricul. tural implements for sale.,. ; . .: On Friday the 27th inst., will be issued the'first number of' SydneyPinch;",pra, jected.by Mr Edgar Ray, late of this city? and, on Saturday elast' the editor-eleebt Mr, James - Stiffe-departed' frbm' M1el" bourne for, his newirphere of. ocutpationi Mr Stilfe has been" for maiiny ,years well known in the journalistio; crcles; of, this, community as a clever, litterateur.: Io has constantly been an occasional contri butor--the b?ont of his tailent beoing es. sehtially" towards comie literature. .H has 'constantly been "engaged' ipon M?el. Lbou ''Punch, and, was previously on' the staff of the progenitor of all Puschdes,-. the veteran of Fleet street::iHe othuspos sesses especial qualifications'for, the duty he lsha undertaken ; and, on behalf ..of, ls brethern of the press n .Melbourne,, we, wish him a hearty '" God siipeed.: The Ovens' Constitution'notices a great increasoe in ,pressure'by Goi~eniment: for collection of £10 business lidensb fees, iuid all-othaqr.itoms squeezablooutofgold fields' ,pockets, "Thoewood, cutters; however; aor up? in arms, at ,what they.conoeive to:bo san imposition;practised upon them. It. is. 'th'e iustom on the Ovens ,or .tho. earters pt rol lisc wood o bf" tlie slitters, aind 'then to cart it to'their"hustoimes.', They tike out'an ordinary !oarier's liconso; and *conisidarrthey:are then'doink alltliati the lawv.requires of thom, ?.iBt;thepolice insist on every- carter. pprchasing a license of '2s lper qd alter, fndrthispin, addition to tih licensotjfee, reoulred of the nsen, whob ciithu' i wopod, and sloe in" ai; tion to te ealter's liebose. ' Tltibtshba" s thais h wood .liddiss::tihallF bl kt,' k Su'foiu o'db-h talinin wood:"from' 'Crcm n la~d' The oarters inlbsitnin that the holicensed splitti; 'obtain' thib wood; and therefore that tley oeily.aro liable to take'out a lioonse.. • " A! Mi?[r. '31,regor- has-been:'returcilor .;.-. Villiers and Ieytesburyby a majority of' 45 votes over his.opponent. Mr. Martid... ,O' . TIe Phslebefroum ewtZealand, arrived .,,ii in Sydne on the 2st. She brings 29P,O040, ounceis-lt ogol fiom Dunediri, and.3,000 , i; ounces from~Nelson. . .. - Mr. Hurtle Fisher'slrf;f T-Natilie wn the Australian cup at the Victorinan'"?? Racing Clbi inmeting,! beatiig'i"Misidora' " and M alabar. :; ., . :. :.,- ; ! : ' : .: , A circular from the Roads and Bridgesq.::, * Oflice to the conncils of shires intimates . that.the erection of mile-posts on all main ..; roads is to be procepeled with as oon as s , practicabl.' ' The Pailnma mail routed is likely to'r' ' eire a triil. The provinrceofCantcrbiry1'' 1 ,i?sstepped fbrord, in the most pirited:'l :' mnlaier, to guaranltee the subsidy'requiredoi 1' bh tlhecompainy for to service. r Thepro-i, ';m vinice lelannot,. loweor, ;guarantee t to.the;, conpany ,the monopoly whic. theyi wial,,,.. to possesol.. " . '. . '- " = i-;-. r taeity l ire s t.( otoaIo' groveby Mr. ?. Gibl, 'of'Cbllindiin', Murray dis tridt, andihy Ilima thkbldtbiMelbouraie, ': , realised lffteenpelne per pouidi all roun;l "i 1 *1A4'iper tdoni'One-shillins'and sixpenice: ) per pound taas'oflred for tho pick.ofitand ,riu.' reitsell. ,s ' . . '.; The large n lTuber of 501 claims,by main. ., ing'companiesasnd other asiess'ed ly t I'Buiianyong Shire Councjt; liavi baen sent ,. iii to' the'c'ouncalb'y appittntt <fd r''tur "" Sindeit on tle cldectorl rotill bft .tliEh'6iuil''Vl' Sattits lastineting, instructed'thb oecrtary,'4"''a t t6linform the applicants tiat tho: claims-.':.ii t sent in were informal, and tlattlleassess-" ;!"' Smentof a company'splant did not necessa-,. -ri y epo"wer, ll tho shareholdors to yoto.,%-., . 'Mrl 'Colll'i Post-office Staitute is'a bill 'of" seventy-sil clauses and l three '. schedlules.' It' s propo6d that'it"''shouild "' come oin it operation twoo mor itlis after' it " rereco thC 6,dRoal asseiit."Itis nonsoli dating as wcll- as an aniendin' bill::. It enables feestobo impbsed on late postqd .!' letters'i.nd neosppepcrs, .penrmnitsl ,,i al'-, j.i'ri aiodentlry stnmpd.etters tobe forn-arded , to thlbir addara; ,l'lei? tli 'dete ieny isctc 1t boe.iliairg'ld, and iantroduces a few other . '... alteortions to facilitat" th'to'd rklcid?bl'tl'io"' " A REAL CHURCHYARD GHOST.—The other night, a sprightly beau was passing Scoonie Kirkyard, he all at once became horror-stricken ; and although he could manage to scream, he was so paralysed with fear that he was unable to move for several minutes, during which time he saw a white ghost performing orgies among the grave stones. His screames had reached the ears of the people in an adjacent cottage, who came to his ad, by which tim, however, the ghost had disappeared. However, it reappeared next morning at daylight! —the plain truth of the matter being that the gravedigger had got a new white sheet, which had become wet on the previous day, and before going home he had stretched it on the grass to dry during th night, but the wind rose and tossed it about the kirk- yard. —Scotch Paper. . Notwithstanding ,th'o. amountj:ofi,time. spent by' ur legislators; in protltlcss diss'- "s , cnssion, the net result of last w'cl's' la obbiir issomeihat formidable.' The nisend.-. . meits imade by tlie egislative Assenmbly"'' :: inithe Industrial and IeformitoirySchools', ' Bill have been assented .to byithe Logis-! r :k! lativo Council, and the measire now, awaita..s T: the Royal assont.;. .,f ;tweleo. additional,,,^ consolidati6on bills, aboit half have passed.' :. the ii egislatiye' A ssemibly,' aiid some 'of ' . th'dnm ha i'found thlrui way to thlio'Uper' ,House'. JTh' Loe'slhitive Council hvoby agrebd-totho PeesionsBillafid the Weights',: -and ?ensures:ActeAomendmcntsBill ;?nav6' read the: ibilicianiBill and!ithe Dog" Aect'' -, ,A.iin?.ednient Bill: a: econdtiune 'iand have ;i'~'.i pranoiunced, in an indirect manner agains ,ji, t lie'Pfaid.M'av'al hanl'Militry' orces ,ili , '.a ThL'Jegislatiri Aaseibly',hae d th"',imitd 'Liability' Companies 'Bill't' ;' ha]I? cirfriea thri'ugh'Col~'oiiitfitethid! Poi't-,': c off~ieiLaw Coiisolidatio'inn iind A eiitendmeti ' Bill, tlie;EletioloraliAo'AmenhdentiBill ,""i' ' .thei "Morcliandise Mnrks Bill;:anidstohe : : Hospitals iBill ard :liaveo passed theo ;scobid , uO irdini .ofthll County( Coirts Administra-,, , fion Bill.,, Among the ioitýr. business; of.; tlie 'ower House mnay ,b mientioned the, adoptioitil on iinitleo of l sine fifty mored".". clauses of the Miiinglill' the .iutrbahliu i ':: tion of Mr; M?ihico's bill to deal with thb ''"" realprbperty of inestates; and the bring-'! :t;' ing down fromtho 'LeFislativo Councillof.:;i'1 Mr. Mitchell's Land IrainagoBill.l Eacni l , House met four,times last-wook, and.:the,,,,. Thiiisday's sitting of the, L ieslatioe Asv.i, sembly wis th t lonigest, bf the' sessio?nu. R BLics-Thero is hardly a 11pmnan. Catholic cuirch ii'Spaiin, Portugal?, iAyls , France, or Belgiumni,:ithiwit 'oDn1 or mO / of i them;. -'Even "the :poorly-:dOeil ' ived ' churches of the villages boastl'the',ip?i.lf session of miraculous thighbones iof thoe J?"i innumerableo saints of, thb Romisio ic-alen- i ,, Idari.- Aix-la-Chapelle.,is proud, of, theoi !t.! veritable cassesor thigh- bono of Ciarlo maigne, which cures lameness' Hall'aSi a' thigh-bone of, tlie Virgini' Mary S .pain ' has -seven~ br eight, nill 'said' to"ib' " ii' doubted relics.' Brussels at n0ie''?fine'' preserved; iand' perhaps does' ' ino- the'' teeth, of St. Gudule:,. Thb faithful 1wiho i" suffered from topth-ache' had only to, pray, look at, themi and be: cured. .Somie oof?i '. these holy ,bones. have" been buried ain , differnt ports of tthe Continent. . ,After ',,.,;, 'dertain lavSloof timeiwater is said to ooze ' , from:vi themi, which soon' forms a 'sring, and curesall' the disease's'.if. th' faithfu' *-::' At .a church in 'Halle there is a'Afnioius "' thigh-hbone''which clures 'barrennioss in':h' ? woman. 7 Of ;this bone, which is snmder'' r> Sthespocial supoeriitondenee, of the Virgin ail,, a pleaant' story is relateod by:the inedu- i,.ii,-i lens. .There resi'ced at ,Ghoent ;'a :oouplp:o"jj this world boilt whmoseohappio esswas soreo .trbublqd by the want odf cildren.' cddGrn t'''G'ret ;was tlio grief of tho lady, who 'was lbotht-''i' beautifuland loving, and many her lanion'-"- '' tations to her lhusband -,The latter, .an-'.!;.' naoyd by. her unceasing .sorrow, advised .1i' : 'her to make a pilgrimage to the celebrated ':, ;,i Sehaisseof the v?irgin'.. Sho: "ent" was'1,. ',. absent a ae~oeki-ad rituriwir ;itloo face,, .,, aaU llfidiaft !itth'joT'and"?iv?{{/0 "'Her< "'.'' anmontntions ceased; and in nine moths .'' -afterwards ahoe'brught forth a'soh.'n"But, ': oh ,the :instability of huiiai 'joys! ITloe?e'"' babe, spi long desired' aind e;so greatlydii!.'i Shbloved, surviveod but a few months., 'Tvo,: i, :r years .passod over the hIoads of thio'dicon- -: :, Ssolato couiple, aiid' no soeond child appear'., ,,;i. edlto choer'theirfireqid' i. A: third year 3passed d aay witirthlI same resulalt, andIib. Slady. once ·m?ior :bgan? to' wehp. ''' 0hlbi-'"1' :' Sup my lore,'! said :her:hisbanid,l a g tohtlo jholy rka.eee'at Hallo ;iperiaps"th' "t vIrgini l againd liaton:to your prayrors.'i!i"'' ,' T i ..ladytook'cou'rage. at the, thought. I ',.- . irpiid awy' her tears,;aind proceeded on' ,i, the morrowitowards, Hallo, She, was .. 'absent oily throe days and roturned-home'. sa'w"aeepingit 'and 'sorrow-atricke '' -. T ?at"S Ithe mittep'a' 'saidloer husband,. is,the ,rgii dtiwilling t6 liten tovqr',,. p. aytr s "' ; ' oThe V iigii - is' " al "" " l^ n o i ,, 'd th dis onsoa lateo w ife; ." ii '' .' vl. I.isLatshe,:can*for"Imonebut'Ihal ''-"" nver ..'ae.any moro childron! 'The i' pril to0 pnost'-ho is gone from. . lao, andb nobody knows 'shoro to find him''", ~oputa. <! uduns. ''. Soie daysesgi?.a: green-grocer, ?aged 40, died-in ode.oftheLondon: hospitals ii from ittnes; the result of an injury-to his chin iy:a'lhip lash wrhilst striking i his hoi-e!"' 9 Thea Provoast:of Lanark .has jetstbeen ot presented;with a carringe and' a ;band- p a...e silver te aserrice iC his, towistmnen, in token of their appreciation .of his y public'seiices- p A Matrinional Intelligence Office has f been opened' in St. Catherine; Canadi, tl Ladies senditig in their names or' initials it are requested; to. enclose, a photograph or for the inspetiun of those about to make d a choice. r .. w The-Lord:Chancellor. Ihas declined to de put onrthe commission of, the peace for Bradfdrd a'gentlemaq(who -carried on a R brewery.:' His occupation disqualified y" him, though it is asserted that brewers th "servehlie"peace" in' otl;erdistricts.ii' he Mr W.. Perry, wood-carver, who has GI in atnd a bnst of Shnkspeare which he th is carving to. her. Majesty out of the an 'Wood of Herne's oak, has.injust received Re orders for another similar bust, a little an smaller:for the Prince of Wiales:. -' le" One of the earliest virieyard pro- an prietoa in .the Geeleog' district. Mr-. A. in Belpeirrond, of the Beramonga Vineyard, th .ass determined 'upen selling his -choice he vintage of, last year in small quantities, irom five gallonls upwards. . dr The eftorts of Sir Moses 1Mtintefiore on ev behalf of the Jews in the sultan's dorolo- hI ions hi~e been duccessfTl.' `He has ob- 'iH tained rasii:'liperil . edict, the effect of ou which .cnnot. fail to inprove the position ret of the Jews of the sinterior ..and ither. the wise toasdvance the cause.of civilisation. pel Thel private:friends ef the late.-Mr Th Thackeray are about to apply to'the an Dean and ,chapter ofi Westminsater for p-r permission to erect a mionument to "'lim me in Weetmininteir Abbey;, by' public sub- :' scriptionil. No appeal will be maee to cli the country ..tilh after : this request has on been complied with:::; " It will- be seen that the whole criminal gis law will be revolutionised. The bill was thi read a secotir ttme pro forina yesterday wt and the Hon s will be invited to discuss of the measure in committee to -day., Whe- ate thier sti'chimporta.it chlanges. are advis- the able at this late period: of the session is he matter for grave doubt. .. & SonRowrvo Diyr I CAMP.-This vi morning, the let-of May the day broke shl eplendidly:' The rain,'had passed, a?ay, ,wl and nhuire looked glad, but there was no on gladness in tie camp., This. was?the day. in when t'e slain wore.to beburied in the oil consecrated earth.in the mission: burying he ground ;.i?.hirty three graves had been T dug, and thirty-two corpses were to be in interred ;.bt nbifore the' funeral siervice' it was ov;er anoithei of thi ;idiihnded habl int passed away .ihtoeternity,anii his mortal H remains would fill the ivacant grave. '?At qi .,two o'clock; tie sad.,procession, formed, s ".and all-heartsiwere brimful of sorrow: o S;The Liverpool. Ciamberof Commerce, D on the 14th ~l lirch last, discussed a pro- ac positioni fori ini? kilg Australian _sover- ct eigre and.'lialf-sovereigni, a legal tenderd in India for- sniall-paymeinta? ,- The, nee C ceesity for having agold coiinage in Indi, at w'ia strongly; urged,,and thisineaseure was t suggested. asi a step :toivaidlýit? ':The tl subjiect- was referred.to" a' eomittee. '' w We learn froimithe GeelougAdvertiser ci that ian important meeting bf fiarmers I1 was held on Satuirday, at. Sii ithey' ial roonms, o consoler the seed vheatk ques ri tion. The: resolutions a.rried .were :to li the effeptithat ? petition shouldbe.:.eent , to the Goivernmeuti!askiigfot r a loan."of ol £20001to -the local agricultirlesociety',, t to buv.seed wheat for the;farniers in :the ci Geelong` district 'hi' lodst their crop h last season y rust e., Inr the event ti of this request being refnsed,: it was re- t solved ,to; petition ;, Parliament.' .Age ldi 20th May. :.' r! . in Ttue EAns:?a;II .tnIeG :UNEQUALLY.*- of Herr Feseal ofiCologne, in" making ex- B periniedtt'with tining forkis;'has by: an- j ticipation arinweredi one of the fdregoing di questioni.''il Holding one to each 'ear, at 'cc the same tinme. he was discovereid that w the earad'ilitht fiossess on equil, power ft of hearing. t.tappiaenrs ',friom numerous hi trials oih different, hii?dividuals that the lr highest:tgnesnrod heard -best with .the ir right ear. ;Andinoinstance lihas yet ben 1 met with iih which the heIi-ing was ex actly alike on the two sides of the headi : A lhndsitne 'present lias' beeni for- b warded fo the ?bhcribiere of the Pleasent p Creek Mechanics Institute, It' is aldrge; a colored, porltrit of the .Piincorc and Princess of Wanles, drawn and presented rI by Misew Woods, : dansuhter of. John t 'WoodsE'q.,,.L; . :,-Thie plicture bein' very cleverly executed, is a pleiseing'rr. siament:to the:rDading room and willI? a received with much pleasiure b tlosae to a whom t ,is pieenteil ? i' ~ ilt ,b. , ai, ohject o6f sipeyIal; iinterest to the young I friendsef Misse _y ls, who,remeibur c her when she forimerly resided' at Plea, sant Creek;--Ai'rtil Aldvertiser, May17.t Sone:im iniportat chanues arie coi?tem I plated 'in the Criuniniall'IaqT Consolida tion BDill AII '.tie- various e actmen~i s agesnain+e nifeoce selatteced a.n various statutes era t ithe , brugh togieivtle The Englisl law is to be follsowedf wherever possible asitd no alteration is prbposed to be made in crimes pu'iishiable witdeatli. SIn.the claRisis relating Tto' iffenies:'net capilal,?only tlytIO maxiiniim taei :of'ini prisonienit is~tiaitedl. Na distinetion .i made beitween hard lli?bor on the nlie i puetic works, nd, itnprish n eint. with. .hard labour. Power is given to Judtges to increase the severity af p'l ishnmients, by Sawarding inoaddiitioi (1)!Hard labour in Sgail orion the pullic wBrksw'1 ) -(2)Sblit tary confineaiilt witiiticert,?inhlimits? f time ani freqiuency. +'(3,); itppig fo'r for gari.ersetc f.,.nitdeih. nitin-recet Englis, Aet , ('.)' Irt!s for -certaii grave ofigpes.- i (U) ,ihe snecesshry: ol psrnvidingsieO r isetrtli. the pbaceo.;. (7) Iarl labour in geol in ctses of anstimary ,nivictin|si.ti Aniimng .?hier iprvilioslr i .Ia pr, pheil ti 'inka the p hniehei.t o.f 'hensidos for "iffeideet hlitt1ei? transport. sile the aio lask tlit ofliaoe ,ihitrv o- ifhtie,,eil f, r e.i rmisi;?- not'-: esc'rdin? g 'tfr .iot tma?.ithat's iniet,, laegslised ini all wl:tethiorhe' tiff iht?"a'iprome Cduirt:'oi'? itte maibly -be 'in ity .-il,?tad -ii -eiultien are given. to flortnfr,?.nii..' IIJ se.ite r dtvi ' rices ii'i aldii.n.'i p?-irne art iVs n to the J iLti ee. :l.By the will of the late.villiam' Bro?ni ley, Esq., of St John's Wood, Lonhdn, f, the whole of his property, after deduct- cs iig some small legacies,- has heen be. in qunethed tothe college of the ,Presby teriau Church in England. The iiro- le plerty is:valued at £47,000. t' . At an early hour this morning, the p' young salom, or parr, in tlie ice-house B pans, were reported as progressing most fair?urably. The number " of little fish nt that have escaped from theirbas hastnow se incienased t .betweetfsforty anti fifty, and he so far as hsW beet, ascertained, they are all in doing well.` The temperature c.f the wR water at toe o'clock this morning was 50 deg.--.rgus, 10th May. tit The-ffectionate manner in which: the th Rev. Father O'Dwyer cares for the it young of' his flock, is thus recorded by sie the Bendig oAdrertis -"= At Eagle. th -hawk, oc Saturday. whil?:' Jack'in-the- po Green' and his comrades wcere dancing io the middle of the street', to the great cu amusement of. a host.d(echildren. the of Rev. Father -O'Ds'yer Cdame galnloping his amongst the children, andd flourishing a lengthy vwhip in his hantd, struck right the and left at the little ones; two of whom, he in their huriy t get out of tlthe reail: of the thong, fell, not, far from tlhe horde' an heels." - . ... 1 During a discussion on the'mode of i drawing petitions, which.took place ls t evening in the Legislative sAssenibly, Mlr.'Frazer referred to a mnem er of the ny lobiise iwho, hieviihs received a nmemorials numerously, signed, 'requestii g hnim to an resign his seat, su!yequently .cu away the. signatires, :nnd ittathed therb toan petition which he presentedl 'o tohe House. The Minister of.Railways observed.i that any one who had been guilty of suenh'a proceeding was- not- f-tt-torcontinue- Hi msember of the Legislature. Cries1 of (:'Name" followea bhut Mr. Frazer de- s clined to give any furiher iiftirmatiton em on.the subijecty ' ;.. hi A conversation took place in the Le- ith gislative Assembly,ilast eveniitc, is to T the "disposal ofi the :Bruce ?imetesirit, ai whi~hl is at present placeds iii the grounds flt of the University. The Chief Secretary eat stated, in reply to Dr." l?acsdtsin tUhit Pr the owner of the meteorite, .ishediit ti.; he sent to the Britishtluseum; on the, me understanding tliat the sindsler meteorite. inl wvhich.had been transmitted to Enghlaid , should be. returned to the: colyti'i, htd which he untderstsod wis on" its "wy out. Dr ..Macadam''sald: tlhe Bruce! mineteorite wias the finest specdimen of itse 1i class in the world, and its noi-r?eetetitison i here wonld "be a.diegrace:to the colony , frr The Chief.Seeretany replied that this tis might be soilbut if the owner insistedl o it' its removal, the Governmtent coild not qo inteirfere. -'Mr: Levey urged thati Mr. .ln Bruce ' ownership of the mete; rite tins Is1 questilable, and esea.gested that thIs e n specimen might be regsrded:nais :(" lift'i C or'Witray," which the critwni could claim ra Dr. Evants took' a similar view,; : d tne urged that the Crown law ofuicers shloild to consider the matter during the recetss. A". Da'ikeg. ' MA' TA; SSt:O Fot A. he C.onii'ae.-4-n amusing episode : ieurrei f(P t,Beechwortlh.lahat Moidlay. "t I eetets the poite hid seont a dray to .fetch-is, ,}, ther'bgdy of ploor ild Clharles Pulham. R .whowas found.lendl that msrtii.i '',The Ih Biarter was a ranw Irish lads, t?ir'ans thll tl he1wouil find the corpse lyiiig in aditeli t( iibout a nile ftrm B:- eclhwtortIit ?n thi' iroadtio Melbourne, le,hld gone: stene a little: distance, when lie saw ,.somnetlhitg In 'which 'appeared:to anstwer the description. tc o'f his: interided load;. Afteir; severe yi 'estruggle, lie mana gd to get the suppiid .A corpse; isfto the dray, aitt wasi slrivisig li honiewarda, alien hi't s teirirtllts jith Ti ilie 'r, ?" ShlT i thoy !"I pruceedit,, i' ro , divil what d ye ,mane ?'?sani theIrish l i ,min, 5' yea nearly'friglhtened:thielifiant o re of .me. I tlhought ye was a corp-e." i But the man paid iso attentitili ti h' iti Ir jhinction" to:' be daceniti 's: , iifl lie fr downc, and .wis beginniti for?ibly to ti convinca the Irishmen thath hwas alive, is when some persiia .,eame inltlttg ?li;o. iI. formed the carter ttathe ci?,irplswmtiold ol ,lbe foind:i a little* ftrther. oi,;'sihd thait.he. lied freighted his dray .w ihi d::drunkent if mnan'by mistakle.---orter Po1t, ayi BuiAL : 1 i TE Es ~erMYa AD t}1 Yesterday (Sunida?)the`tietl r' l e weri buried close, to:the ?-?ta:ipat, in irtives t prepasred :for ?h t ;hei ytheir :couitryneil,. assisted. by hien of;vthe flyingi cilutis t The da?'wast nmiserably, weet:thrlighhot. It The Vetierable Archilendon Bi; n n rid the hurial servics Gein'ei'l 'Sir Diiitais 1 A.: Caoersn, K.O C .,had ,seni. nur itS-i inatives to the friendly hapsi ott tn st'uth f side of 'the tliaoprh early on,? r I Su? i;, .ti e say that if the n:dutveasi ldesired" jt they It hbtd, his cpermissitoni to: come over i: id , Ibury their dead; if tiot th~it' hefiiutild' ordeor them .a lproper' burial.: Tweifi v' men lshitrely afteriards cititfie s?eerttithI these fdrmed the huncpahyrsy -ihv is tia.tthe ieonu mo o reneo moo, tira r .ils tidhi' Ilhtifs and scorel ippirt autpersiIagi." .' acro?s theiritomachs, andhen coveres i athem with - ear ths, 'tiLse his wa :dietisit e accordaneh wit?i enolV-l'i stri-stiitng-; "r . Kati: ais ia:l ?k- tante lhaeitishariki atit ' ku rasg ri"g -irs i isi ell (or ririti j? It chiefs.i 'l~iS6 ribels feel :greotl?.y' fftjiidl by the kind treatis t e i n'dst ldis - receIved at the tiaislaof our..o'ilt.ri; c Rewiti, -.-Thompedn'sn seocruotary, : hia d written to his wife, tellisig lier lhw vsrs o kind the lipakehias h Ial beeni t6'l iiia~si: y the other' wetndded teot in The ,ntar ?proijcliof etlse geieral i ele:tion:is begintitig tbo isf?sis eoiotlihjRig oflikle activity. .ito .. the vritse itliitil bo'blies .s Aisumber .of geitleuatn ctin-t n:siected. with .the - piastoral u -lidnd ,metitied. Sinttretaetnilt son .r Tlesday andtl toidk iii ste'pa it organhie Oisolihig like ar" oii revivist if the Vietorisis 4ssocis'tibl )i 'Jorh-a CFtit lr pavi pirtyiassigiles.of if eiiiderabilovittlityg,:ohliles haIviug beaut "tankn .tin s 0olliha stri'etu'.n'asat;: ': MI'. 1 it(liniar ioia lbeen itiisn litedl cedretiary; g the hiontoriry ofilcers : btiihck the ;hoii II .? .. Jetiter, presih6ot ;: Mr. Aselai i, :Watfs, treasurer ;, esud Mr Edwdarti;r C'"ipe ,b i seti'etry?. :A·pt:6ogramliets his ioii ibsgr'eed upoii ,..wbiu, wstill he broigh't: Iefore a.public metiing to:bu hold.;at 'S ItL GeorgiaB.'Hallfba ] ritlyr week: [iarald, 1lth .May, Cardinal Wiseman has recently w;iitten for private circulation a classic drama, sel called " The Hidden Gem," and.a scream- dii ing? farce entitled " Apple Pie Order." 19 A gentleman.in this cityvhas received a cl letter informing him that: Mr.-Roberts, of the world-renowned.hilliard .player,is a in passenger.. to this. colony. n .the Great er Britain. pn :;ir. Iealess w'e reeretito sayT till re fee mains' in' a very';?~esk 'ictiditioni, the mit severe weather lately experiencied haviiuig e been -advdrse to -his recovery. On 3 inqiryv last night we. learned that lie Re was thought to be a little better. : - doi If ever there was a wondlerfulo ndver wii tisenmcnt this is one.:--' A member. of to, the aristocracy, having uo further usefor the it will forward gritis the particnlars'of a Ch secret by which otie can ceitainly 'giin sig the devoted affections' of any of the, op n posite sex. rep One of the most curious farming the customs in the heights of Thiiet 'is that of stuffing quantities of hay among ihe~ higher branches of trees ; the snow in Finter Iving fire or six yards deep.'and i I the sh?eep, hich abounmi in thesidistiicts, ser being thenl able to get at the hay. . i Newspapers: enterprise ' apparently proinises to' go ahead at, Deniliquin. The oPatoral Times ns:-?'-" We hear ais it repnrtel thiat a iecorid journ-is is tolb On stirted here, supplemented, it is alleged,; of ovbtle Riverine Council ; and we are to as have a third from Melbourne, tliiorighly olt democratic in tnne and infavour, of o annexing(Riverina to Victoria.'" : LAw?ren' Joues.. The following gen epitslih for Lord We?thiur.ysuiggested'by the the recent Essaus and Ri'?eietbs jdigment, et is cirenlating through tlihelnns of Cotirt: one hRichard Baron Westbury, Lo d the High Chancellor of Englandhu.. He wam an eminent Christian.-en energetie dnd successfll stateslman, antid a still more ot eminent. and successful. jlud'e. :During: vei his three years' tenure of office, hi-abol-. Pl isher.the time-honored isistitntion ?tf hli li Tnoslvents' Coort, the;ancient n'oil of. thu clvevin landil. and the eterniity of pun- lon slinient. .Towards:the close of his earthly gre career, in the Jnluicial.Committee-of the the Privy Conncil, he diiniissed :t Hell . with stri costs; and took ahway. frohin rtlhndox in members if the Chnlroe of Eiglandl their age Iast hope of everlastilg damnation'."- i rin'g7ise Inspaope. In'. '. r lastw the reported sin :amsi ing col-iquv, wtit 1h; occurred in the, warden a court bietween ice MIr;: Daly, P.M., sanl:.a: Chinese wiliness; vllnh deelated himself t hlie ~n lirishmsin. from To-ig ICi. g Froii o?, expl.ana, tion givqn to usy comnpetent,auth rlty ,o it eeim ::thnat Alh:'.im. the Chinan in am question -was s:,not linlting' o when .he qu. lslirned' nonnectio i with the Emerald lie Isle.: i Alt iTm acinvertj toChirati ln' snityv. having heen.?-baptised' inutoithe to Coitohlic fahih; 'Inii all such -cases; it i Ai said. the; c invdesirin is sr'sppooed bby the dri neophyvt toe'g to be:vonld tli iii?s spiritueI itl th itlch ani extent inleed, as to emibrce, el nt io..nlity..v Thus, .:Ah ,Lim, having me been converted by ans Irish ipriest' clainis ive fellriwship and -lii?hed' with, thl6 fiiest w1 peasaintry -of the first ginii f the ison, me thsa dwhihleSaenrof.,bstioiiuiiiitysi5tliin5g4 sa. Rnnm." snil his piarents veritlhld Chinese; re W~e unider?teiid ai nottiit prevsiils:m,,n .St the Chidisse whi hoivre frsorni Cii?ifucins le that while tlie QiieQ;n of EtiglnuI is fa undoutedlyv ..the i o mightiest n.:.monarcli M after their own Emperor;' yet that a re A land ii: seccwl os`l to': Chitin ii respect si to: Populatito:n i aniil'roi; tih.ie?r point of w vieBsv perhoaps, the, neiitoit ;is, excussilI i sa As: they esynv : theylare brehushrui to n:so nt -tleo.e oif their lce.tlue?eim 1 by:so as Trish rtset;' if fthey b h a siiit a 'n opurt of liaw, their casres are ,uldert.ken as .by rish harristers, jiid ctient is given l biy,'an Irish nia iitrat, sn ,lrishW `clerk fa records it, ;uidll -Trisl tronuttiahle tcrries th i. ?ittn ,u.o ' , t h ., ??li u teet vilt n ire g, I rialtntmeict 5 ti tli .vlt. l Ile.tsw,th tl in.ren fr~m~ . ithe other.-couuntry..: ?,VWheneve'r " they :nitraet matriiiiniail oblihati eis it fa ,' alus?o tr frigne?itti ith w iuErin' s fair n dati. tres.; iii t?i;t; .hey; fIy it tIe c)lId !i P tn otri:E,.i rtuluitqultifous ,thstt they at one fa c l tiltide rTreland it' e'the country ,most hitisg i in IRlph tioi sri sn hisi iteig a dfnin i p;:,elipul i rtll"and tulcr. l'r fi iiR tis', i ltu?rts'e llit .i -i ti t s.ri tv e si ity it iflll ' to rcrgs titoe as br iliera,;n r Weths ,i, must lneershthbe elaim:.;penuhs ailvon'eI tt iii" ;iritlhiituif ssiures usLi that it : is e nte l 't ii1eilatil'd ceroly,, l, thiis, by iuch iie as .lia beell tsui, ypg`"ir fa to theithritian recli ins thr.ugh thei h tierssaxinsn 'isf 'Tri hrib musisiotiaries 'and i ,Ireumilit. Doylesford'"Me``ercu;ryMay' rhe !Paris Ft ci-aostates tlhat-a ruitnonr fosr ansle time post in ,circilltiiiis, tos the P effect that nthe retimaitls' if Volt itibare t i loi?ger t the Patiteiihsh, liaii A i ltw been clfirtlie ,d liste ti : is i enpi yatnil siothlng is knwtitn oi to wthat has become Is of )iits n ,, - lte its. . 'hlt ,is clid_, . .vrv s lts 'i isi ilehbsirfs' ti;rotioih ilie hillowinimg Iiitldtttt I. is ss h rt tf rlttie, aso is trer;il'lly li?,inois n it by isilltatn thi Vilettei ftanily; auiId hdnY h tbe sdesoaitedI in their etaittent' i fii peenti Mi q ias' i e i-l|ett, ii 'issiul?ti th 'iii . Vt"a'i cs ii~vilt'g resI oled edto?;l ?? ea?It ;sit, ifftr tdhi i i'ieletrII'd relie, to thie ietuiperr; it sas I tieitste,' by the O.lulstierte iles Inierli.I iii tihu tissue itf ltis bM ijitty, lil til IL qrntlini hit nl sfrile aits i twhish allli 1i.n. done with?i; tid inmost itdial idea, was t.i phee it- with lhe hidv isi theiimh at ilthePaiithehn, bitt aiLnrllple arose' the Pistitiedis hI?sl ,nlisuii hlcine a isicd of OCirtsit siu'ii h, , so itf ihe tuinb of locaire was stie sill 'ii the vaitili, thei • ceissni wos rather fromt-a eionsidslrsiiion g tiht whiat iws di lone chtthlsl toobe tuinidnl loi tin fromn ainly -itherc;' at nil evenllts, no \- freslh cremont relstfive ti Voltaire could ti talte place iti that bililding" suithout the k aithoruestiot of the Arehbishlsipof Paris * tis?ktttg aihetly, firist suifted.ihlst thcro "ias a belief that, suie e, 8t14, tih isIillieon peossesle nothing bheloigisg to f. Vlteire buht au enpty tomain:. Inuctnse i quence, it wsetdeterntriled'tii verily thi truthi -I' the- icort, • "A 'eo diva' hack ; "thu its"tiaoiiw rais.d, siil a il i'he Air hfill hio ls tut ited" the tuitn was" li tiss h to bo0eidpty.I A st.ititenui'ryi.intothe dt atbjigt lhas' hi e ,heitedsril' atnd the iuinlattoc: has givemi istritctiisien that the it ieartir-ehall he eschiced in a silverivasei it and depositef either in tie great hull?i f thieImporial Library or at the Instil?te if Frace. - ' The inhahitanis of Richmond pre sented a testihmonial to Ar. Coppin, at a dinner held 'atthe Royal hotel Coi the 19th inst., and the presentation of a cheque for £300on behalf of the citizens nf.-elbourne was also made. ' To' this inadequate ,:recognition , of-,the smany. services he has rendered to the: Victorian puhlic, Mr. Coppin responded in. a very feeing speosh, whiCh wais frequenitly, interrupted ly the appase of his audi-. 3 V-e are indebted to the Saturdayj Review : for' te following' piquant snec dote-: ""I' expect six clergymen to' dine with me: on such a day,' said a gentleman to his butler.. Very., good, hir," said the butler. :" Highi Church .or Low Church ?" ' What'. on earth ,can that ;iiy i? i yoo ?" y asked the astonished master. Ei" eryithin Sir," was. the reply-:'- "If they " are High Church, they'll drink -if ;they -are loi Church,' they'll eat I :EXPi?RIisENT IN?:FEEDING SWINe-. S Different experimentsa have .been made b in fattening hogs, but the one most de serving notice wa in, thi State of, Mary. land: ctTtie Agricult al Society of th. t stats islstituied an inquiry into the re spective' merits 'of tii niodes of feeding and the following is one-- of the rosulisl On .the first 'lay of Decemberfoi onrlsoota of the saee breed, .nearly of 'a size;' mnd as minch alikein every respect'ascould be selected from a herd, were" madechoice of,.: each being, carefully ,weighdd, and placed in a single stye, w.here their. food could be exactly regiulated. Two of the- weiglied togethler oe hii~cnndreadil eighty-five pouinds '"Tlh~iew'erei fed irn one gallon each:of shelled '-ndian:' corn,; the gallon weighing sevbn poundsa: This' was the allowance for tawenty.four.-hours, and as muchl,.water.sa they.needed, ,. The othebrtwv!, were fed ,on half as much byv ,eight of Iidiai meal maide into lhasty pudding with- a little isaldt .The soven. psiunds of meal, when 'o?nkhed1, weiilhed thirty' pounids, and esiriiiied three' gae'l lobis. BeforeA the exl?erimelit' had !prio= greised a fortnight';it wasa perceived that: the two fed: on basty-pudding:were aont', strippin- the twot fed. on- whole corn:: and on the thirty-fourthday they ,were. againe ei;hed tlihe c.rn fed ones togethier sweighed twenty-fiv ponids more than tihey did 'oni'the frstof December, while thet tao fedr: on :rslnc half ilie quatity \--hal gined- frirtyifour potindas-4 Uis- a trliain Paper.: : : : WuIAT I Ax INTELLIGENT F.ARME? I -A: humorous correspondent of the North c Britik, .dAgriculturist suppliesi the: fol- I lowine answer to.this query *-Sir,--I am not sure that Sir'Rnbeit Peel's famous c question, What is a pound ?" has ever ( been 'answered:' aid I anu equally ait' 1 loss to discover what meaning is attached to tie; phrase "an-.intelligent"-farmer..' E A. ' gentleman,' we khnowvis a man who. drives a gig, but nobody, can: idefine what it is to be drunk. I have some. notion hi' a ' a ighlgy respectable ..farmer" means when the phrase is; used by a iealthy :: .proprietor;': It means- a -man who, having made or inherited a sum of money, hastes :ito hand, it over: bodily to said laidlordjin exceijange fLie hIonor of I requiring a lease thatnnakes' him a" falrm steward witlhoui'a salary, andi a ga'rie lIeeper!without wages.'" "A" n :intellients farler ' seems'tio lare,yrarlo sa meanings. When itisedl:.hy tlh editor of the N. ,B Agricullturist, it seems. to mean: (neca-. sionally at least) n'man who believes thai wheiat can lie gi'ron is' 'heaply in Scot land as in any other iaP of tihe globe- sayiat 2s' per quarter Wheni a yasil aspiring to be a penny-liner, talks of ":an liitelligent farmer, 'he means thatihe; the sail:,youths looks "dwni v upon the iwhole ibody in;.-geteral; !and 'the "intelligerit farmer in i p?rtiliar, with supreme thyu; t pairyti? ng .co.nt.empt. ;In the great.:guaii oaLr-thebattle of our. bags: -it is quiiechlar. that eachi nmnufaulctreri wheihlie uses the plihrase ,iinli gent farmers," meanls'ifarmers, who buy hiis manuires. Generally slpeaking, when a persuri 'uses the phrise '!nli .intelligerit farnier,' he meanis 'a mai 'who ageese oit lthhhm in opiniioni or if lie talks of ' ?.ery'intelligeutfariner'" he means a man he hias i cceeededi in doing .in a liargain. ilThe'hist l liave seen in-the guano war; is' a rather smanrtr.pamphlet h,iiling, from' I fdon, which,; after showing that all cuinos l are fuar todear and all manunr factured articles rubbish ºsave one (which :h lppesn to be ttheproperty of the writer),, goes, onto define "an itelligeii t farmer. as bing aperuoli sias h ees at a glaiice that nphospllo"guano is o?ilyi?ortli £7 0's per ?i'n.; (What. :alout 'Dr .Aonderson's int'illd nbceiunithat case, if lhe thinlyks; it worth £11 or, £12 ?) -Upon the whole, Sn' s:iitueligent ,farsmsir";seems to be a. respectabile, moderately rlch,.and.paricu-. laryi tupd individual .-Yours-A kRUAFiitarrP IS 