COUNTRY DISTRICTS. CRICKET AT ROSS. ROSS V. OATLANDS. A match between the Rose and Oatlands Clubs was played at Ross on Wednesday, tbe 13th instant. The men arrived on the ground at a little before 11 o'clock, and within half an hour the wickcta were pitched, and the game commenced by Oatlands going in to the bowling of J. Bayles and J. Bacon. They succeeded in scoring 48, of which Aitcliison, by careful play, contributed 21. Ross then went in to the bowling of.Fj sh aud Madden. The pace of the latter was terrifically fast. The total of their first innings was 51, or 3 in advance of their opponents. After the usual interval, Oatlands entered on their 2nd innings, and succeeded in scoring the handsome number of 90, out of which Madden made 27—a rare hitting innings. Ross commenced their 2nd innings at 4 p.m., and but lor the beautiful display of batting "exhibited by J. Bacon and J. Bayles (who respectively scored 20 and 18), they would not have stood the ghost of a chance of winning the match. Warner and II. Westbrook also batted well. Shortly after 6 o'clock the match was brought to a conclusion, Ross winning by 9 wickets. The following is the score:— Oatlands. 1 st innings. 2nd innings. Holland, b Vallcntine 0 c Bayles 0 J. Fysh, ™ ' b Bayles ~ b Bacon 5 W. Fysh, st Vallentine 0 C. Hudson, c Bacon 1 H. Hudson, c Westbrook... 0 G. Fleming, c Tucker 0 C. Fleming, c Westbrook... 7 Madden, not out 7 Rainsford, b Vallentine 4 Aitcliison, c Bacon 21 Qaldemitlt. Da^loa... o Byes 4 Wides 2 Total 1st innings 48 Smith, c Fleming l 0\. Bacon, b Rniugfurd 1 J. Bacon, b Fysh 8 Warner, c Hudson o Tucker, notout 2 Herbert, c Madden 3 Byes 15 Wides ii b Bacon 10 b Bacon 9 not out 0 run out 9 b Bayles 8 b Westbrook 27 c Bacon 0 run out 12 Byes .. Wides... 2nd innings 90 1st innings 48 Grand total 133 floss. 1st innings, Vallentine, c Fleming 0 2nd innings b Goldsmith... 0 Bayles, c Fleming 8 not out 18 J. Westbrook, c Madden s c Madden 3 H. Westbrook, hit wicket... 0 c Fysh 12 Orford, c Fleming 2 b Fysh 3 c Goldsmith... 20 not out 14 st Fysh 5 c Madden 4 Byes 4 Wides 5 Total 51 Total 88 lstjinnings 51 Grand total 139 THE MAORI PRISONERS.—The following garrison order, with respect to the relief of the guard placed over the Maori prisoners on board the Curagoa, was carried out yesterday :—"Auckland, December 16, 1863\. With reference to the garrison morning order of the 12th instant, the detachment of the 50th Regiment on board H.M.S.S. Curagoa will on being relieved this day at 2 o'clock p.m, by the detachment 43rd Regiment from the ship Lady Jocelyn march to Otahuhu, en route to Drury, to join the head-quarters of their corps, and the detachment 43rd Foot landed from the Lady Jocelyn, will proceed to Otahuhu at the same time as the detachment 50th Regiment.—By command (Bigned) JAMES PAUL, Major of Brigade." We may explain that 80 men of the 43rd Regiment had been left on board the Lady Jocelyn as a baggage guard, and to assist in landing the baggage. 30 of these landed yesterday, and, accompanied by 47 men of the 50th Regiment who were engaged in guarding the prisoners on the Curagoa, marched to Otahuhu last evening, en route to urury The remaining men of the 43rd from the Lady Jocelyn, who had previously relieved the guard of the 50th on board the Curagoa, where under the command of Captain Smith and Lieutenant LanglandB, and the transhipment took place about half-past three o'clock.—' Daily Southern CrosB,' December 17. GAMBLING.—No passion can lead to such extremities nor involve a man in such a complicated train of crimes and vices, and ruin whole families so completely, as the baneful rage of gambling. It produces and nourishes all imaginable disgraceful sensations; it is the most fertile nursery of covctousness, envy, rage, malice, dissimulation, falsehood, and foolish reliance on blind fortune ; it frequently leads to fraud, quarrels, murder, forgery, meanuess, and despair, and robs usin the most unardonable manner of the greatest and most S recoverable treasure—time. Those that are rich act foolishly in venturing their money ir. uncertain speculations; aud those that have not mnch to riBk must play with timidity, and cannot long continue play unless the fortune of the game turn, as being obliged to quit the field at the first heavy blow; or, if they stake everything to force the blind goddess to smile upon them at last, madly hazard their being reduced to instant beggary. The gambler but rarely dies a rich man; those that have the good fortune to realise some property in this miserable way and continue playing, are guilty of a twofold folly. Trust no person ot that description, of whatever rank or character he may be.—Philosophy of Social Life. PROFANITY.—An honest man is believed without an oath, for his reputation swears for him ; thus the Athenians were so fully persuaded of the truth and fidelity of Xunocrates, that tliey passed a law, "That the evidence of Xenocrates should be admitted with- OU: an oath.* Ah," said a Sunday teacher, "ah, Caroline Jones what do you think yon would have been without your good father aud pious mother f" "I suppose, mom," said Caroline, who was much struck with the aofc appeal. u I suppose, mum, as I shonldha' been a fcocghiii.? 