1 RANDWICK RACES. AUTUMN MEETING, 1864. " ? m Pttron : His Excellency the Right Hon. Sir John Young Bart, KC B., G C.M.G., late. President The Hon. E. Deas Thomson, CB , &o.; Vice-President : Mr. Judge Cheeke. Stewards The Hon. E. Deas Thomson, C.B.; George Rowley, Esq ; W. M Arnold, Esq., M.P. ; Thomas Icely, Esq and William Meade, Esq. Judge : John Lackey, Esq., M.P. Treasurer and Starter : Charles Martyn, Esq. Clerk of the Course : W. G Renfrey, Esq. Honorary Secretary,. Buckan Thornton, Esq. FIRST DAY. THE proceedings of the Autumn Meeting commenced yesterday, on the Randwick Course, under the most favourable auspices. TI e weather was delightful, and the course in excellent condition for the contests. The present meeting has been looked forward to with a considerable degree of excitement, particularly amongst the "turfites," as new blood was put into competition with the old victors and moreover, the '. Otar d Handicap " not only brought together some of the finest horses in the racing stud of New South Wales, but also a young favourite from the Victorian side the " Rose of Denmark," a very good looking chestnut filly, the property of Mr. Fisher. The " good " and the " downs " are very prolific sources of comment in the old country, but on this side of the world, if yesterday was to be taken as a criterion, there is little to note. The principle mode of conveyance is, of course, by omnibus and cab ; as far as private " traps " are concerned there was but a poor show-a defendant buggynowand then varied the monotonous line of hired conveyances, and a crack turnout, with four tolerably good horses, but a nervous whip, gave a momentary idea of Epsom-but there was an utter absence of the most prominent in gradients that make a ride to the great races in England interesting. On the course it was also unusually dull, as there was only a moderate muster of people. The ring and knives flourished, so did Aunt Sally, and a lot of other stupid games, the proprietors of which are people-at least so they, say who are merely out " to enjoy themselves by giving money to all those who choose to take a throw or a pitch, but who nevertheless pick up the crumbs that fall from the pockets of the unwary. I However, there was a deeper interest in the racing then might have been anticipated, from outward appearances. In the weighing yard the racers were closely observed, and their merits canvassed with considerable interest. One was too fat-another too poor-a third it was reported, had "gone queer," and a fourth was shaky. Every horse, however, had his friends, but little business was done by the " book makers," though they must have come off well on the " Maiden Plate." The principal event of the day was, of course, the "Randwick Handicap," for which there were eleven entrances, ten starting, including among the number the " Rose of Denmark." For this race' Tnrrsgonhad the "call," in spite of his weight, though thence" was well up in the market. Kyogle, too, stood high, and found a good many backers and as the result proved, the two New South Wales cham- ; pairs fought hard for first place Tarragon winning ', only by a neck. The cheering at the close of the race was more spontaneous and general that any winner has been greeted with for some time past with which it is not improbable the maintenance of his prestige of New South Wales on the Australian turf had something to do. The Rose of Denmark was not placed. The first race the Maiden Plate was also well contested, and a fine field came to the post ; Meteor and Fusileer standing well in the betting, but eventually neither getting a place, as the Dutchman (who stood at 6 to 4 against his winning) and Sir Patrick contested for a victory that resulted in a half neck win by the former. These two races were not only the best of the day, but will not be surpassed for " hammer and I tongs'.' work by any race during the meet. The 1 Bknnial for two-year-olds was taken by Mr. Loder's Tamworth, a fine upstanding colt, that we venture to think will frequently be heard of in the chronicles of the turf during the next few years. The Optional Selling Stakes, to the surprise of a good many, fell to the lot of Mr. De Mestre's Potentate, Wonder having started first favourite. Ramornie was made first favourite for the Biennial for three-year-olds, and he justified the confidence of his backers by winning it, although rather closely pUshed at the finish by Mid- night. . ' The refreshment portion of the Grand Stand was under the supervision of Mr. W. J. O'Brien, who supplied an excellent spread at a reasonable figure, end-also the lunch for his Excellency' and the stewards. , J £ At one o'clock, his Excellency Sir John Young and suite arrived, and took their seats on that part of the ' stand reserved for the vice-regal party. With these preliminary remarks we proceed to give a more detailed account of the races. FIRST RACE The Autumn Metropolitan Maiden Plate, of 150 sovereigns together with a sweepstakes of 10 sovereigns each for all maiden horses (including winners of two-year old stakes at time of entrance , If while ; no maiden allowance ; penalties for winning after entrance ; if once, 5 lbs. ; twice or more, 7 lbs. ; not accumulative ; second horse 30 sovereigns, third horse 15 sovereigns ; entrance, 71 sovereigns. Mr. J. takes', jun's b. h Dutchman, 4 yrs. 8 st. 12 lb, by Firing Plenum, out of DBTB of OH (Moore) ... ." 1 Judge Cheeke's be Sir Patrick, 3 Tra. 7 at. 11 lbs. by Whale- bone out of Industry (Driscoll) .... ... 3 Mr. J: LCO'C cb. f. Maid of the Oaks, 3 yrs, 7 st. 9 lbs., Little John out of Vanity (Cane) 7, 3 M toe Dickson's ch, g. Stratford (state Rockingham), 4 yrs. 9 st 2lbs by Pittard out of Bilvrie Mr. De Mestre's ch. m. Haidee, 4 yrs 8 At. IO lbs, by Chevalier out of Deformed Doyle's ch, g, Meteor, 3 yrs., 8 st. 12 lbs,, by Cossack out of Jewess Onus's b. h. Fusileer, 4 yrs., 8 an 12 lbs,, by New Warrior, out of Cnmilcne ? l ' ' . - * Mr. W. Hall's b. h. Master Magus, 4 yrs. 8 st. 12 lbs, by Magus cut of G cor g Sanna. Betting 5 to 2 against Meteor and Fusileer, 3 to 1 against Sir Patrick, 4 to 1 against Haidee, 6 to 1 against the Dutchman. The lot got away well together at the fall of the flag, Haidee and Sir Patrick having a slight advantage. The latter fell back into the ruck immediately afterwards, Haidee maintaining a good lead until the lot entered the rails, when the mare was joined by Fusileer and Meteor. These three passed the stand neck and neck with each other, Sir Patrick, the Dutchman, and Maid of the Oaks lying close up. Stratford and Master Magus found the pace too fast for them, and at the rocks turn they were hopelessly out of the race. At the back of the course ILiidee again got her head in advance, and there appeared every probability, of their keeping, the premier position to the finish, but shortly before entering the rails She was passed suc- cessively- the Dutchman, Sir Patrick, and Maid of the Oaks', These three came in at a rattling pace, the Dutchman having an advantage which he carried to the post, beating Sir Patrick by a head, Maid of the Oaks a good third. SECOND RACE The First Year of the Fourth N. S. ?yV. Biennial, for two-year- olds; three-quarters of a mile. Colts, 8 st. 7 lbs. ; fillies and geldings, 8 st. 4lbs.' Mr, Loftie r's br. c Tamworth, by Pitsford out of Old Tam-, worth dam .... ... (Ramsay) 1 E. B. Hassall's of Ruby, by New Warrior out of Maid of the Forest .... ') ... ' ... - ... (Ruby) 3 Lee's b f. Lady Audley, by little John out of Bessy Bedlam .... .... (Cane) 3 Cheeke's ch. of Dundee, by Whalebone out of Zingara. Tait's br, f. Brown Duchess, by Whalebone out of Clove. E Cobcroft's g. c. Voltigeur, by Cossack out of Lady Bird. Town's of Juanita, by Protector out of Our Kate. Mjlnt's of Colleen Bawn, by Sir Hercules out of Lady Mary. , ( -^ > \ ' ' . Betting ; 3 to 1 on the field, ' / t ' ' A J This was the first essay of these youngsters on the turf, and therefore but little was known of their quaint ties. There was but little betting on the event, no one caring to invest upon an unknown colt or filly. Tamil or that as the most fancied of the lot. At the star', Brown Duchess went away with the lead ; Tamworth he went cr, soon put on the steam, and passed the filly, winning without much difficulty, Ruby being a very good second, and Lady Audley third. 1 THIRD RACE-To Optional Selling Stakes of 3 sovereigns each, with 50 sovereigns added, for all horses ; 14 mile ; the winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race for £75 j any sum realised in excess of that amount to go to the race fund ; if entered not to be sold to carry 12 lb. extra ; entrance, £110s Mr. De Mestre's ch, g, Potentate, 5 yrs. 9 st, 12 lb. (Lamond) I C. Deal's re h. Wonder, 5 yrs. 6st. 12 lb.... Driscoll) 2 t\ bite's br. f. Brunette (late Faunt), 3 yrs 7 st. 12 lb, Miss Dickson's b g. Parafield, 2 yrs. 5 st. 6 lb. Mr. O'Brien is. Euncyor, 3 yrs. (not to be sold 8 st. 11 lb, Wonder and Potentate were the favourites for this race, the former having the call. The lot, with the exception of Brunette, who had not the ghost of a chance, kept well together for a considerable distance, Wonder leading. At the back of the Course, Potentate went up, passed Wonder, and was never afterwards caught, but passed the post hard held ; Sarsfield being third. i I FOURTH RACE The Randwick Grand Handicap Sweepstakes of 25 sovereigns each, 15 forfeit or 5 only if declared to the honorary secretary on or before the 22nd February ; 300 set reigns added; for all horses ; 2 miles. Mr. 'lawns' b. b. Tarragon, 5 yrs?, 10st.. ...(niggerson) 1 Duif6'br b. Kyogle, 5 yrs., 9 st 3 lbs, ... (Yeomans) 2 Richards's b Flower, 4 yrs., 8 st. (Bishop) 3 Miss Dickson's blk b. Kildare, a yrs,, 6 st 7 lbs. Mr. Ivory's br, g. George the First, aged, 8 st. 3 lbs. MUe DicUon'B ch. m. Zenobia, 1 yer, 8 st. : . - e, J., -. Ever Mr, Cheeke's br, m. Lady Jane, 5 yrs.', 7 st. 6 lbs. lodert b. m, Bandbox, 4 yrs, 7 st, 9 lbs. Schofield's ch. g. Old Junk (late Bunting Joe), aged, 7 st. 5 lbs. Fisher's ch. f. Rose of Denmark, 3 yrs., 6 st. 7 lbs. De Mestre's ch. m. Haidee, 4 yrs., 7 st 10 lbs. Betting 5 to 2 against Tarragon, 3 to 1 against Rose of Denmark, 6 to 1 against George the last, 6 to 1 against Zenobia, River, and Kyogle, 10 to 1 against Lady Jane. Haidee was a drawn, r When the start took place the w* other was rather dull, and as the horses were at the back of the course, it was difficult to distinguish the colours of the riders, several of them being similar. The start appeared to be exceedingly good. Richter was the first to emerge from the ruck and show pro recently in advance. Zenobia being next, and Kyogle third. No alteration took place in the positions of the leading houses until after passing the stand, Tarragon making a waiting race of it. The pace began to tell upon the outsiders, and when they reached the rocks turn, there was a considerable falling off. At the back of the course the Rose made play, and amid the most intense excitement ran through her horses as though they had been brought to a stand-still. She failed however, to get beyond Rioters girths, and then speedily fell back beaten. As they approached the entrance to the straight running Rioter found the pace too fast, and resigned his pride of place to Kyogle, who appeared to have any amount of running left in him. Suddenly, however, just beyond the distance post, Tarragon came out of the ruck, passed Rioter, and in a few strides was alongside ofKyrgle. The finish between these two horses was one of the best ever witnessed at Randwick, Higger con, with a splendid piece of jockeyship, lifting his horse in at the post, and beating his antagonist by a head : Richer a good third. The remainder ran in in Indian file, two or three lengths separating them. Time 3 minutes 48 seconds. Farm RACES-The Second Year of the Third N. S. W. Biennial, for three year olds; one mile. Colts, 8st. 10lb. ; fillies and geldings, 8st, 7lb. Mr, Cheeke's br c. Ramornie, by Pitsford, out of Cassandra, (Driscoll L, Bowman's of Midnight, by Cossack, out of Wild Pigeon (Bishop) .... .... 2 Town's bro- Loiterer, by Whalebone out of Marion (Thompson) .... .... 3 Betting : 6 to 4 on Ramornie. This was regarded as a certainty for Ramornie, while Midnight was thought to be but little better than a " dead " one. At the finish, however, Midnight ran up and made a very close finish of it, Driscoll having to use the whip freely to get his horse to the post nut. At the close of this race, the concourse of people left the course and wended their way homewards. The programme for to day is as follows: THE RANDWICK ST. LEGER STAKES, Mr, DoMcstrc'Bb.o - Fisher's ch. f. ROBB of Denmark C. Massey's of Mavourneen . ) ," O'Brien's gr. b,- . Mr. Cheek's bro- Ramornie THE ALL-AGED SELLING STAKES, Mr. A. Thompson's blk. g, Midnight, aged, £40 T. Moore, jun., b. m. Malvina, years £10 J J C Cecil's re. h. Wonder, 2 years, £80. CITY HANDICAP. \- i yrs, st, lb Mr. Cobcroft's br, h, Volunteer .... 4 DS De Clouet's co. ch', g, Pasha,,. ... '568 10 Ivory's br, g Georg the 1st "a 8 7 Miss Dickson's ch. m, Zenobia .... 4 By Mr. R. Dine's br. h Kyogle .... 3 8.3 De Mestre's ch, m, Haidee ." ... , 4 T 30 A. Loder's b. m. Saucebox .... .,. 44 i 80 Judge Cheeke's b. m, Lady Jane, ;... - 5, s." 5 . 7 13 J. Vales. jun's b. b. Dutchman ... ' Mr. 4,7 10 Doyle's b. g. Sampson 5 . ..., 875 . 1!, Lee's ch. f. Maid of the Oaks ... " 3 A 6 10 THE CHAMPAGNE STAKES. ' 3 3s . Mr. Baldwin's br. f. Lavalet ' ' A - î < '<? '. De Mestre's of Ruby 'j', "< L y , Cheeke's ch. a Dundee r- - Loder's br c. Tamworth ' < i Town's of Juanita O'Meally's bro- Yattendon , Tait's br. t. Brown Duchess Miss Dickson's b. g, Sarsfield. , r ,. , , ' TATTERSALLS. A numerously attended meeting was held at the rooms last night, when the events on the card for to-day were discussed. There was not much betting, however, the principal business done being in sweepstakes on the City Plate. Volunteer, Pacha, and Kyogle fetched the highest prices for this Sin T. FOWELL BUXTON. FnwEn ON A NEW YEAR'S DAY-The following is part of an extract given'hy'Sir T. Fowell' Buxton's s biographer, from one of his private papers, dated January 1,832: ," Grant, O Lord, that I may begin, the next year under the guidance and influence of that blessed Spirit which will surely lead train. this life" the, pleasant paths of peace and holiness.' .... Again and again crave and entreat the presence and the power of that heavenly Guide. Give me wisdom to devise, and ability to execute, and zeal and perseverance, and dedication of heart, for the task with which thou hast been pleased to honour me. And now, Lord, hear and answer my prayer for myself. My first desire is, that this next year may not be thrown away upon anything less than those hopes and interests which are greater and better than any that this world can contain. May no subordinate cares or earthly interests interrupt my progress. May I act as one whose aim is headed ; may my loins be girded, and my lights burning, and myself like unto men who wait for their Lord." 