I A LONDON LBTTBB,< R;! ¡:: I Lojfpojr, May 3,-The counter |rritsH<^;sy«tem was A grand discovery in medical science/ A mustard blister, or a neat plaster of Fpanish flies, bas a wonderfully efficacious habit of - superseding internal by twenty times greater external agony ; ajid country farriers nsed to oare_ the tooth-ache by lying tho sufferer tV their, anvp,"And" then charging at him with a red bot poker-: .Was. the inspector of police who dispersed^thV Gáribaldian ga hering on Pjimros'ehill, last Saturday-evening, a ¡metipliyaician ? Was nia movement > a great ethical experiment? Had he been studying Locke and Cousin, and Bishop Butler and Kant,v If so, " logics and ethics" ought at oncejo ba added to tbe curriculum of candidates for admission to the ranks of the .metropolitan police. It's true be acted without orders from- the; Home-office or Sir Richard Mayne ; but it waa by disregarding orders Napoleon the Great made the .arms of the French, Republic glorious and victorious in Italy ; ¡ and inspector: Al has ~ acoomp'ished 'what the sophistry of Gladstone and the Botemn'asseverations of Shaftesbury f tiled to accomplish. ?'. The repre- sentatives of the people, äisembled '. in al fresco council on Frimroae-hi',1, were in mental torture at the " outrage" inflicted by the British Government on patriotic humanity in the person of Garibaldi. The learned polios-officer thought be .would try the effects of counter irritation in the shape of an ». outrage" perpetrated on themselves. - The thing succeeded with a success riot less instantaneous, than marvellous.' Garibaldi was' forgotten on the moment, and " the people" are ina paroxysm of mental torture and indignation on their o wn aa count !. " The British, public" .mast, liäve a grievanoe ; hut then one grievance is ns good as another, and as the Irishman said " better too." " Re'.igion, freedom, vsngeanoî -what you will, A .word's enough to raise mankind to.kill." : Why, then, should not the monstrous raid of the hireling " minions of Scotland-yard on Beales, Wiseass, and Co., be enough to drive the manhood of Tooley street and White-chapel to the verge of rebellion against the despotic rule of tho Downing street oligarchy? If the rebellion,.only lasts ti 1 Garibaldi is at Gaprerà, A 1 will get-a I Buperin lendentahip at the least, and mind will have triumphed over matter even in--'»atf attack on the people's rights." The world wiü 'h'eár more bf thia great' constable! If he wèré'Tri "Kusaii he would be l?r:me Minister bofore long. Lord Palmerston is really seriously . indisposed with a bad at'aok of gont. At the beginning of the present session he looked BO broken-np, sb emaciated in the face, and so feeble in. the. limbs,, that no one thought he could last long; but with- in the last month or so, he has appeared very con- siderably better, and seemed to have received a new lease of his life. The repeated and severe attacks of gont must, however, be very trying to a man of his age, even to "so game" a man as he. l here is not one in England, no matter of what political party, who will not feo! sorry on the day when tho House of Gommons shall assemble to see and hear Pa'morston no m:re. It may safely be said that his place in that assembly ' will not be filled again in our time, once he has left us for ever; and as the illustrious Sir Robert Feel once said, "We must all feel proud of him." j Speaking of Sir Robert Peel reminds ree of a curious soeno in which' tho present right hon. baronet the member for Tamworth, p'ayed a leading | part tin's week. There is no doubt that ho in- herits a considerable share of the ability of his father." His younger brother, Mr. Frederick Peel, is his opposite in almost every respect, except that they both sit on the same Government" bench. The Secretary to tho Treasury is the very incarnation of red tape. He dees not look as if he ever was a boy, but, of course, he must have been. And if he had red tape within his reach in his juvenile days, he would have harnessed his toy horses and .laced his peg- ging tops with it. He is profound in the in'ricnte windings of the circumlocutioiroffice ; and if Oliver Cromwell were in (he Speaker's chair, and " that bauble" had been kicked from tho front of tho table, " among the faith'ess faithful only be," Mr. Fred, Peel would move telon les regies. Sir Robert is tbe living antithesis to all this. He has an ad- mirable sense of the humorous, he despises for mulct, and is perpetually kicking out of the offi- cial traces, added to this, he has a Gne dashing appearance; so that if it were not for its hoing supposed that ho has decided sympathies with the Orange party! he'would bo the most popular Chief Secretary that ever went to Ireland. On Wednes- day last he was engaged in helping (?) the Irish landlords to pass an Irish'poácliing: .bill through the House of. Commons. . And how did he do this? By saying to the House, " Sure we have a'l, when the fashion took us, sported, perhips a little unlaw- fully. As for me, 1 don't hesitate to say that when I was a boy at school I often poaobéd." "Oh oh !" cried the astonished squires whom he was helpingto preserve their, game, " Yes,"continued Sir Robert; "anddotft we all recollect hearing of tho celebrated s'atesman vrh o, when at Eton, poached on the manor ofGeorgoIIT. Andaré we not at this moment celebrating the tercentenary 4 festival bf Shakespeare, who; was ' himself a '« poacher." A shout bf " Oh, oh?" laughter and cheers, followed this piece of banter; and with such help it-is almost needless to observe that, the Poaching Bill made no progress that ; day. .', No premier but'Lord Palmerston would haye such a man as Irish Seoretary ; bat at the member for Waterfo.rçLsaid on one occasion, if our ,veteran ( Premier was not born in Ireland, he was born out . of his own coun'ry; and; ho enjoys; this' Hort of . thing immensely, though it certainly is more ! humorous, than dignified in a Chief Secretary. ' ' The scenes in,the House this week were not ¡ confined lothe floor." - In one of?. tho commit- , tee rooms, on Thnreday, an occurrence took place, ] which is unparalleled.in the annals of ^Parliament, < A gentleman named Rae, from Belfa'st, who has kept the Corporation of that anoient and loyal , borough in hot waterYor.the last ten'years, and j dragged them through almost every conrt in r the ; empire," is opposing a bill, which they are pro- t moting in the House cf Commons. J The measure < is before a select committee, of which Mr. Miles : Gaskell ia chairman. Mr. Rae, as is his cus: orri, ; objeo:ed to everything, and kept (one' witness ~: under the .fire of his oross^xamining1 (Mri Rae is t a solicitor) for fear .days£, * ; Mt,1 Gaskàlï \anji his i committee did not know what to do with him. ¡ They threatened him repeatedly by inuéndo ; tut ; Mr. Ríe replied by defiances and threats of appeal | to the House. At length, to get rid of brm, the v I ordered the oornmiltoo-roorn to' be cleared; Â11 1 the strangers but' Mr. Rae prepared to retire ; but ( he said he would not "stir au inch. The chairmnn . oalled for the police ; and four stalwart'constables i entered the room and seised Mr.-Rao.-. Ho etun'g ( to the bar which separates the membet'a' from the ( strangers' portion of the room. A tucs'o:and a «' scrimmage''.took place ; and it 'was'i.with;' con- ; siderable difficulty the police succeeded in drag- ( ging bim-for he is a very athletic man in; the i prime of lifo-out to the corridor. , He had re-, i peatedly told the committee to commit him,to the < custody of the Serjeant nt-Arms if they thought I] fit."Vf This they deolinedMo^do^allégir/g that ttjoy j| did not want to arrest him,' bat only to make.Him l< rewove ¡from fije room, Mr, Rap, however, bolds thàt.lilo' seizure by tho police ¡a the process of removal was tn arrest, and announces bis intention of takipg'nni action against the chilman and the other four members ot the committee. My own-opinion - ÍB¿' that ihe committeo* bave a ritjht to deer their room at j any moment without giving any ieasqnfor so doings A t_all events, it* ia a power which Committees of, "both Houses constantly exercise, and which has never been questioned before." . I, there fore, think Mr. Ese will take nothing by his legal proceedings againBt Mr. Gaskell and his brother committee inen V bat he frightened some of ibem, no doubt. : Mr. Gaskell was as pale as a ghost while thé Belfast attorney -was bein;; .forcibly ejected. Cn Friday miming Mr. Bee was àdmittdr like any other stranger ; but the Assintaut Depnty Sergeant-at-Arma .anda poaseiol' police. «ere in attendance to obey the orders of tho,committee in case of need. Mr. ltae, however, no. longer conducted his own'case. He was represented by counsel'; and the. {argo crowd of the public who had come to witnesB another scene was diBsap pointed, - i ..., Liverpool and Birkenhead have contributed more.than their quota io the proceedings in Parlia ment and the Law Courts in Westminster Hall, thia week. The pirates," who are in custody, on Mr. Raffles's warrant, issued on the authority of tho Secretary of State, are looked apon here as a very innocent sort of sea-robbers. From the dava of Dick Turpin and the Corsair, highst ayrr en and pirates , have been looked apon as romantic characters. Young ladies innumerable have been in love with the imaginary hero of Lord Byron's poem ; and a well-bronzed/gipsy lias a fascination for fair eyes that raises him beyond the level ci an ordinary pale faced vagabond. - Bat the Con- federate States are a material fact which.we cannot ignore. Though Lord Bussell guarda himself by styling them "the so-called Confedera'eütatea,,; and though we have not yet recognised them as one of the family of nations, we don't look upon their soldiers and sailors as brigands and pirates. The general wish, therefore, is that our laws may not oblige us to deliver these seamen over to the Yankees.- . ; . , '....-. ^ ¡ As to Mr. Robertson Gladstone's motion for a criminal information, against the publication, ol whose ' strictures he complains, there can be nc doubt that the court showed its good sense ic refining the application. His right hon brother, the Chancellor of the Exchequor, is a sensitive man enough-too much so for a man that hits SQ hard himso f-but a hundred times more ha9 been said in the press in tho way.of denunciation ol him, and he has never thought it necessary to gc into court to seek for redress. As you may have perceived by the Gazette, Mr W. F, Windham appears on the list of bankrupts, on his own petition. This is very mal apropos ot the birth of his " sen and heir.".. I went to tbe Court of Bankrup'cy, to look at his > schedu'e, for it occurred to me 'hat some of the items would be extraordinary enough to interest your reader?. But he has been granted additional lime for the filing of his accounts, on the ground of their com* plexi-y. That he should wind ap ia bankruptcy will not astonish anybody. The wonder is, how he kepi oat of Basingball-streot so long. The world has, almost forgotten Pani, Strahan, and Bates, and the doings of the saintly hoad of that firm, who never came to his office while the swindling was going on, without a copy of the Bible in his hands, the pages of which he was in the daily habit of devouring with mental avidity on hts way up from his country seat at Brighton to his bank' in London. It, however, appears thai the assignees have eolleoted another £16,000 or £l7,000,"and that there wi r be a further "div.deni in the matter. The passengers in the penny steamers on the Thames hive been agreeably surprised this week at the progress which the embankment works dre making. At four different point3, between West« minster and Blackfriars Bridger, the pi'es are being driven, and many thousand tons of ballast have been shot. Th's is to be accounted for by the fact that the operation is not bting conducted directly by any department. The Metropolitan Board of Works are charged with the exécution of the embankment, and the levying of the taxation neoessary for the acojmpl.shmont pf the under* taking ; but they, have given the work out by oonti act, and herein our hope liés of seeing the embankment before the present generation passes from the earth. The faot bf " the board'' having anything to do with it will, of course, delay, it for years upon years beyond tho, time a private company or a great building firm .would carry it out if free from official trammels ; but if it waa purely a Government, or a Board of Werks, or a vestry job in all its details, the twentieth century would not see it completed. No living man is sufficiently Quixotic in bis imagination tas to suppose that he will ever see the Houses of Par- liament finished. Lit ile or nothing seems to be doing towards their completion now. ' Perhaps Mr. Cowper, the First Commissioner of, Works,, islwaiing till Sir Edwin Laudseer's lions aro in the pedestal of the Nelson Column in Trafalgar-, square, in order that the finished palace of West- minster, and a comp'et ed monument to the gréât sailor may break on our astonished vision at the» same time. It appears that tho lions are tobo wonderful-inore natural even than the '. original animal-and so they ought ta be, for they are a long time in hands, and are to cosv:£18,000: The original estimate for t'aoH jusps of Parliament was under a million sterling.' They have a'r a ly cost three .millions, A. soasion. or two ago a vote of ¿£750,000 was taken for " additional: fi tlrigs'Y' andi ' they are not fitted out yet. The House of Com- mons would not hold all its members if they assembled atone time Y when tho Queen 'summons ; her fai.hful Commons to attend her in the Housa of L ,rds, the pl .-co, set apart for ' thenri will only hold about, twen y 'ont of - the six ,,¡ hundred and fifty ä odd.¡ There , ,is scarcely a room, out of tho seven hundred in tho- . building, the chimney of which, does not smoke* and scarcely a staircase in'it that hasnot to be lit _ rebuilt Paris in: half the timo it has ? taken .our ' Department of Worjjs to bring the Palace of West ministor to .its present un finished state; The-, splendid railway bridge across the Th s mes'from Charing ..Cross was erected in a few months, and the London, Chatham, and Dover gréât bridge at Blackfriars wi|l be completed bofore the.pnblio bridge which, is to cross olosa beside it will have ' been well begun. The secret is, a private company builds the formor, while the Istler is in'the banda' ( of " the city.". The Emperor' of-'the "FrenchtV would do wonders for our árohiteoturé.if we oould i nly borrow him for n short time, wlfh the p?w.er., of sending him b'aok' when we should have had our turn out of him. And what is the Emperor doing at home now ?5 ( Laughing at " the Conference" no doubt; 'L It will' come to nothing. I. onoo heard an Irishman move that " this meeting adjourn sine di* till Monday next ;" but that was not a greater bull than Sic' George Grey's last night. Mr. Disraeli asked . him, in the absence of Lord-Palmerston, whether the Conference had adjourned sine die. Bit" George replied that it had not, but that it had} the daylight I Louis Napoleon has- ' ...Ililli ... ? - . -?? *»?? -:.7^. - , .afljonrned,," without yarning a day" for., meelina ?g«nV It is generally supposed tbat it will pot . meet again either, except it be for the pIenipotep< tioriea to take their conge. An armistice, after the déitructïon of the Bannewarke and the fall ol Doppel, would not have' been of much value to'. TJenmaik j and abe refused to take it at the price of being obliged to suspend tbe blockade by . which ehe embarrasses the German Powers ; and, although all Europe had expected that the very fire'proposition to be made at the Conference would be for an armistice, the plenipotentiaries of Prussia and. ÂnatrU had como " without in- structions," »beiher they were to accede to or 'oppose i; !. But surely no one-not even Earl Bussell himself could have snppoeed that either of those Powers was acting bona fids in coming into a ? Conference ? ' .' The noble earl waa unanimously eleo'ed President of the Assembly'of Plenipotentiaries ; and this will afford him further opportunity for writing what Mr. Berna! Osborne happily, styles, bis ".incessant despatches." It is not at all clear that these " incessant despatches" may not yet drive us into hostilities on the Danish question. M. Drcuyn DeLhuys was right when he declined to put France in the humiliating position of bi ingsnubfed by Austria and Prussia, ns both France and we were through Earl Russell's incessant despatches" -by Russia on the Polish question. The leaders of the Conservative party are preparing for on organised attack on Government if the Conforence " goes off ;",and if they can only patch up their owu internal differences for one deba te, they haro every prospect of Bucoess. There is, howover, a strang sect:on pf them whom it will be almost im- possible to induce to put out Palmerston to bring in Disraeli, for il Lord Derby comes in. Disraeli must have the working leadership of the party. There is no truth in the rumour, that be has con- sented to play second fiddle to Genetal Peel ; nor has the gallant general tried to oust him. 