TILE -OIV~IL WTAR IN AMERICA. (Fro,. tohe 8. ,t I&irald;'s corresrpo,dot.) :' :: : NEw Yoluc, February 12. Tru,'winter months' are fast hurrying away, nndtheo:thnefor renewing this terrible con flict israpidly approaching, and both sides aro'prdparing for it.on a scale not hitherto attemptld.'.i The season hitherto 'was most fav-ourablo:.for militar; olbrations, the last two months being a continuous succession of dry frosty weather, with. a brief spell ,of; snow and severe weather in the early part of last monthli ' But the time for resting the armylhad come-as also' the itime for tilling up the, diminished 'ranks, and, if possible, lading it on a stronger footing than ovi?. before. Ad now again is heard in our streets.the tramp of armed men hurrying to the'point, whether it 'be to theo:bankls of the labpp annoe--tho York Rivor-thle Cum borand dnd Tonnesse-the James Rivor tlheiMississippi-tlhe bayous of Lousiana to thoboleaguing force beforo Charleston or tosome of the expeditionary forces, that are being collected at various points for the grand.battle of 1864. The nation has rested from.the excitement and alarms, and fatigues, and dangers of 1863, all of which ureo now forgottefon, and it agaiin begins to arouse itself to the consciousness of tliohe ter riblo conilict that lies before it. It now begins indeed to feel that the roebellion must be crushed, thattho causes whlich led to it must.boeremovod, and that it must come out of thiis' ordeal redeemed, emancipated, and disenthralled. The efforts now made to re cruit the army are unthwarted by copper headism, secessidnism, or 'ism of any kind. There are, notwithstanding, thousands and thousands .to-day who, from ignorance, doeep-seated prejudices, insane hatoe for the President and his addministration, have a morbid sympathy for their fellow citizens of the South, and the general discontent of and love of opposition to all and; anything that is natural to some men, :that would hail with delight the most serious'reverses to our arms, or any national disaster at home or abroad, so that - they might be able to spout treason again in publio places, or ventilate pot theories on platform or forum. But their day will, not! come until after the war, when theywillbe utterly harmless. There is not now the military enthusiasm that prevailed to sulch an oxtent a year or two ago-thloro is not the display of armed bodies passing through tlheo great metropolis, hurrying to the front that used to 1)bo; but never before was the military element so predominant as now. It is no longer new-it has lostmuch of its attractiveness-it is neither thIe pot of one party or the object of disdain of the othor--but lhas become blended with the community, and, unosooeen and unhioticed, it is acquiring a character that will render it formidable for good or ill in the time to come.. Its influence at present is, at all ovonts, all for good. The eagerness with which they arrityed themselves with tlhe state and goneral government against tlhe disaffected, or rather against the tools of the hiddoen traitors last summer, lias left a last ing imnpression. Recruiting for the coming campaign is rapidly progressing under the now system. Ve oteran regiments, the slcolo tons of such rather, are daily sent front the front to the place where they wore originally raised, and these few huiidrods, thIe rominant of the thousands and upwards who, under seomno popular title, such as Ellsworthl Avongors, lfozard Regiment, Tammany ditto, Corcoran Legions, and Irish Brigades, &c.;, having re-enlisted themselvos; soon re cruit their ralnks, returning to thIe front at tihe oexpiration of their furlough, It mlay be truly asserted that thIe whlolo Fedoral army has re-enlisted for thie war; and as but little fighting is going on just now, you may imagine how the cities and towns and villages of the north, east, and west must be crowded with military. It is charged by tihe croakers that there is no patriotism in it-that the largo bounties are the temnptatioln. Well, indeed, thIe bounties are largo-anythling liko it was nevbr known. Every votoran.ro-dnlisting receives from 800 to 900O dollars; every now enlisted recruit, some 50 atind 750 dollars paid down. B3ut is there nio patriotism in tie people who pay these bourities? No patriotism in tihe tax pay ors of county, city, or town, who tax themsehlves to send forth soldieis to fight the battles of the Union? The general govern meont pay but 100 dollars bounty, the rest is voted by the municipal authlorities of thIe people thlemselves--and suroly this is patriot ism? Great changes are coming round. Such a mighty.conflict as this could not be waged for so long a tiime, and for whatover timo has yet to come, without wonderful and very radical events being evolved therokefrom. Tlat they will tend to good there can be no doubt; for the good already done is but tIhe dawn that shall usher in the perfect day. The great heart of the people accepts tIhe axiom-that "what is not," and the sacri fices made to brinig about thoe "what is," now, will be mot with gioator sacrifices shliould, tlhey be demanded to bring about thoe now but one ihoped for result of all the bloodshed-thIe entire abolition of slavery. About one year ago copporheadism ,was rampanlt in this city-tlio Government. was denounced, all loyal men tabooed, so far as vituporation and abuse went; in the aissem blies of the 'cop?brhoads; their tongies hiad boon loosed by thIe writ of lmabcas corpus being restored to do fall officacy throughout the wholo land-anmd they ran rampant. The elections were then comingeon, and the object was to influence them hostilely to tIhe Govornmeont. No check, no restraiiit wa'i over put upon the leaders, and.the roesult proved, if not `the strength of the Govern mont, that the people, as we say hero, wero sounld. in our city corporations, municipal assem blies, legislatures, on up to Congress, we find the same' feeling--that this war must be finally 'prosecuted, and that legislative acts necessary to tho strengthening of the Government to that end will meet, if not with 'general assent, with the' support of a very largd .majority. The era. of copper headism hais, I think, almost 'died away. The name itself is falling. into disuse. And those who gloried in it glory in it no more -probably, for over.. Amen. I scarcely, know what subject is the more important to talke up hero. There is very little, war news to record; and nothing from its newness or radicalisin very "important in congressional or political matters. WVhat ever I may write under those heads must be more of a prospective than retrospective na ture ; but the latter on any subject claims first notice, however unimportant. My last lotter gave vou the retreat of Longstreeto from before Knoxvillo. Generai B3urnside, nided by the demonstrations and relief sent him by. Grant, turned from being 'the assailed to.tho assailant, and Longstret t hid himselfaway somewhoro in the interior of Alabama. 'The great importance of the lines, round :I.noxvillo, Chattaniooga, &ec.;, necessitato the maintenance of a largo force thlore and the winter has been passed by the army quiescont, and as comfortaible as pos siblo,, without an~ny . disturhbance from the rebels.. General Grant rotired fiom the front for a liitle rest, but he is again in tihe saddle, aild strango accounts reaclihed us yesterday that Longstreet was again on the wing, and had cuit off our. coinimnications via Cumberlland Gap (tihe iouto mai'ched by a portion of Bmunside's army to reaehKnox villo some time ago) with Knoxvillo which is again the ,principal object "of theo. rebel General's attack. This account wo look on as a mero rumour,.because it goes to the ex tent to say thatnearly all East Tennessee is aganin in the hands of the rebels. This will be a very severe blow should it turn out to be truo, moro on account of the suffering lilioly to follow uo the people who have given in, their adhesion to the government than from any disasters to our arms thereby. Iii an attompt to overrun a large portion of East Toennessee, Longstreet would have great advantages during the lull in active opera tious on .our part, but his success, undoer .ay circumstances, could be but very temporary. The, western troops are rushing like an avalanche to the scenes of their suf ferings and triimphs. Illinois lhas given six thousand mon .beyond her quota in the several drafts ordered, incluling the last, of a few weeks ago, for 500,000 additional troops. Iowa, Ohio, and all the other \restern. 8tates are showing tihe mottle their citizens .are mado of, and tho army wlhichll will be led.by Grant in the spring will be the largest yet soon under the banner of one commander. The military rankl of Lieutenant-General has lbeen specially cre ated by the present Congress, and it is ex pected that Grant is tlhe man for it. To night's despatches may bring uis reliable news from Tennessee; if so, I will add it as a postscript. A raid was made by thb robel General Early in Western Virginia just as the new year came upon us, which proved very disastrous to the rebels. He intended to have attacked our posts by surpdrise, and led a strong force for that purpose across the mountains. But the cold suddenly became intense ; sloot and frost and hail assailed his march, while at the same time he found himself confronted by our troops, who wore apprised of his approach. Even our well chid troops could scarcely bear up against the elements, much leoss the poorly clad and poorly fed Southerners. Early, with terrible loss-not in battle, but in the war of ele ments-retreated, and has not since at tempted anything in that quarter. The expedition to Texas has done all that could'be expected of it. It holds Brownvillo on the Rio Grando, and the whole of the seaboard and ports with the exception of Galvoston, completely cutting off all block ado smuggling. We hear very little about progress in the interior, but what accounts do reach .us give a dreadful picture of affairs there, and from which it would appear that there is groat dissension between the people thoso who still stick out for the Confederacy and those who hope for the overthrow of rebel rulo there. , The guerillas and con script-huntors harass the people terribly, but the latter have. begun to show fight at the prospect of a speedy deliverance, which they hope for from the movements of the Union army. Two very important movements were made by the Union forces lately in Virginia. The first was the crossing of the Rapidan by a portion of the army of the Potomac, or, as it is now called, General Meoad's army; but whatever design was in it beyond its announced design-a reconnoisance in force -it was frustrated by the invincible Leo. Ho closely watched our movements, and, by sending an adequate force to check us at the feint, massed a large force at the point we rightly conceived was the principal one of attack. An engagement ensued, and having discovered his strength, lihe retired. But a very important movo was made by General Butler, who commenced at Fortress Monroo. Ho conceived the design of a sudden attack on Richmond by the, peninsula, the old ground of Mc Olellan's battles and 'defeats, for the purpose of releasing the Union pri soners confined in the dungeons there, Castle Thunder,' Libby prison, and Boll' Isle. Several attempts have been made to reach Richmond by this route, and last summer I was myself the chronicler of one of them when I accompanied General Koyes' expe dition; but that particular one was rather an ill-advised div?rsion to draw troops fromi the robel force then invading Pennsylvania, than with any. fixed design to seize Rich mond. I saw two little fights, to .be sure, on that occasion, but I always look back to it as the time I went a-blackberryirig, rather than the time I wont campaigning.' General Butler is not the mail to plan a surprise, and then ventilate it by great publii prepa tions. Having conceived one now, he hurried a strong force from York Town up to' Whitoe House, and entdred immediately upon the siiarch towards Richmond, 'which he slhoud. have roached some time oni Sun day last; but at midnight on Saturday a deserter from our lines-no doubt a Southerner pnrposely onlisted-enteied with the news of our 'approach, and our' advance was checked oni the famed Chickahomony by obstructed fords and an armed force oh the other side ; so, just after such 'another ex pedition as that I chronicled,' with tho excep tion that it was in the leafy month of June, I was " out with the boys;" the boys 'this time eore roughingit in the depth of winter, so nothing of that,attempt came eithibr. But it is.pretty evident that this is the vulnerable side of Richmond, . and so 10ong as the per severing, euncompromising, "outlawed" But ler is in command of the departmnent of Virginia, just so long may the Richniondites expect to be " geared" out of their sleep, if not out of their lives, by worse and more port6ntious alarms than' that which caused all their tocsins to sound at midnight of Saturdiy lost. A'secoied grand reconinaisance to feel the enemy in froint, and to atscertaii' the truth as to whether Lee, deeming him self seciire," Ias in his camp he lay,'! had :sent strong bodies of troops for the reinforce ment of. Johnson in the south-west, and perhaps, also, with the design of 'taking advantage of whatever .might t urn up from Butler's raid, for. this roconnaisance was simultaneous with it, whatever it was the ro connfaisanco went forth, and, though we were told great things were to be expected of it, ended, as so many othelrs, in nil. The foregoing comprises about the' whole history of active operations for .the, past month,; but, as I said beforo, the most ex tensive preparations aire'being made for the inevitable, and inevitably the decisive co6mpaign of 184.1 These preparations look not only to the means of meeting the' inmpIending conflict at home, bitt that' we shall be armed for any emergency that may arise, the' result of difficulties or misunderstandinge' abroad. Foni 'immense,n ocean monitors are, being 'built, 'and almost every? week sees a 'monitoit 0or gu.nboat launched for opeirations'along the coast or in th'e inland ivaters. I am almost inclined to disbelieve the daily report 'Wo0 receive of the iimmense floeet collecting under Admiral Porter at the mouth of the Missis sippli,'because said report depose that it is the largest fleet of fighting vessels yet col lected. Its destination has not transpired. It is 'only, three days ago that General Gil more, who .still superintends the siege of Charleston, started an expedition from Port Royal '.for Flbrida. The force has already landed, and is now pushing for a place called' Tallahassee, on the great line of rail way' which formerly connected the distant everglades of the' Flowery State "with the Hub of the Univorse," Boston, or the most distant village of -New' England. Then again, Adiiral'Farragut, -with another fleet, is preparinfig to invest Mobile with a land force on board.his' vessel of 30,000 or 40,000 "men.. Another squadron threatens Galveston in Texas, while Savannah is in hourly dread of the approach of our terrible gunboats. 'But' Charleston still hold's out successfully, and while she does, and while Richmond' stands, the Rebel Government will not be driven to the necessity of dying in the last ditch. But' indeed it.would ap pear as if these strongholds would be the last ditch or grave of the rebellion. It is im possible that the reobels can 'withstand long *the overwhelming avalanche of forces that will be precipitated on them at all quarters as soon as the armies are put in motion. Hitherto theo Southern army and people haveo received all needed supplies, if not in profusion, 'yet sufficient to keep them in heart through a somewhat successful course of blockade-running.' The principal part of this trade, was maintained by the difficulty ,of completely blockading Wilniugton; thaV hua been removed, and not a single "runner" has entered Wilmington for many weeks. The ports on the 'io Grand and the mouth of the Gulf gave easy means of supply; but since the expedition to Texas, and our occupation of the banks of the river, that resource has been taken away from them, and the whole business of blockade-running has become so risky that all venturers in that line are almost at an end, and our blue-nose neighbours along the coast and in Nassau are looking bluer than ever. The wail, it may be so termed, that comes from the South. is teirrible; the tales of deserters, who : come in' great numbers, might be discredited, but the most uncompromising of the Southern press too clearly and forcibly indicate, and indeed establish the fact that great want and desti tution, not only in articles of clothing, but in the very necessaries for, the mnaintbnance of life, prevail throughout the whole, land. The accounts are sad indeed; and if the bravery and heroism, arid ondurance with which the Southern people are maintaining this unequal contest were to be accredited to the desire of freedom and independence, which they declare is the cause of their secession, and if their success was not to be the certain establishment of a great slave empire on the other side of the great free rivers of the North, few would withhold a prayer for their success. But this .bravery and endurance is but the exterior view. The army rampart is the line which forbids an inspection of the interior, and military despotism silences the cries of tens of thou sands who mourn the first false step they were induced to take by the designs of their loaders-men who will force upon them the very dregs of the bitter cup of treason. It is very suggestive when we find that' it is proposed to suspehd the writ of habeas corpus in the South. Why should that be done among a united people, isolated beyond the' influence of traitors from abroad, having no strangers-no sutspects-no discontents ?on otering or leaving their posts to foment dis cord, or cause cabals in their midst. That brief suspensiodi of the writ in the North was urgently' demaiided; for the govern ?nent was for a time, and a very long time too, surrounded with tr6ason, open and covert. Men were passing through our cities with despatches to rebel ambassadors abroad. Emissaries from these made the Northern ports their highways of communi cation-entered 'our cities, mixed amongst sympathisers here, carried away with them all important information- oven threats and denunciations were hurled against it. Wr5as it not time to asserit the right of the coun try; to self-preservation? I see by the last accounts from Ri'chmnond that the question of the suspension of the writ is under discussion in the Congress there, but I cannot learn from the papers of thl necessity for such a harsh alternativo. The people are quiescent everywhere, suffer ing, but silent under their suffering, at least no murmurings are allowed to be heard. It I is only as our troops advance that tlhe spirit of the people shows itself. At first, when success fluctuated, the rebel one day' was a strong Unionist the next, anothler day after a rampant Secessionist, shooting and tortur img the wounded soldiers on the fields and roadsides. 3But all that is past; the people in their inmost hearts have lo0t all hope in the bright dreams of a Southern confederacy -they have lost all confidence in their leaders, hand with the loss of these awakes the glorious memories of the old Union, and tih6 love of the Constitution bequeathed to North and South alike by VWashington and the other great men of the revolution. Yes, and they now hail lovingly and truthfully thle protection of the old flag. The ways of Providence are inscrutable-where slavery was strongest, where it was all labor, whelre it was deemed all essential to the people thero to-day-in New Orloeans and in dis tricts of Louisiana-State conventions are sitting and framing now Constitutions ex cluding slavery for ever from their midst. Missouri, MIaryland, and Kentucky will hIave slavery wiped for ever from their State statute books; and Mississippi, Georgia, Virginia, the two Carolinas, Florida- other portions of Louisiana, Toexas, and Arkansas, by the President's proclamation shall have slavery rooted out. So the work goes on. In Congress there was a bill introduced a few days ago by Mhr. Sumner, propos ing an immediate amendment to the Constitution, whichl will provide that slavery, or involuntary servitude, except for crime, shall not exist in any portion of the United States. Should that pass, the unconquored State must accept the Constitution as they find it; and long before they would be in a condition to go to war for the negro they would have discovered the fact, that they were now better without him, except as a paid labourer. The Presidential campaign is stirring up political combinations. There is no candidate yet prominently before the people, and the politicians are all divided. The Pennsylvania Democratic Convention named McClellan, but he has not a ghost of a chance. The Herald goes strongly for General Grant, but it was the first to announce McClellan as our future President, and though it is now great ly opposed to Mr. Lincoln, the probabilities are it may strenuous support his nomination before the time comes. A great movement is on foot, which just at the present occupies the attention of the ladies more than the men. A metropolitan sanitary feir, under the auspices of the ladies of the Soldiers Sanitary Comnmission, is to be held in thie city and Brooklyn, in February and Iarclh. It promises to be a great affair \--not only trades and societies and profes sions are contributing of their industry and art, but nationalities are individualising themselves and putting forth efforts com mensurato with the respect, antd with the greatness of the countries they represent. Thle churches, or rather the congregations, will be large contributors. The proceeds of the fair go to the amelioration of our soldier on the field at the time of battle, in the hos pital while he is an invalid, and indeed at all tirmes in the camp and on tho march. 