GENERAL NEWS. The residents of Thebarton, Hindmarsh, and other suburban townships have for some time past been complaining of the dirty condition of the water sup plied to them from the Torrens, supposed to be in consequence of the amount of refuse water daily poured into the stream. We are informed that, through the exertions of several residents of The barton, all the townships near Adelaide can procure an abundant supply from the Adelaide Waterworks by means of a standpipe erected on the Port-road, near West-terrace. We hear that the parties who have undertaken the responsibility, and have gone to the expense of causing this useful work to be accom plished, celebrated the affair by the indispensable ad junct of a dinner at the Squatters' Arms. Mr. 0. M. Pearson presided, supported by Messrs. Dew, Foreman, Hemingway, Fisher, and other residents. Of course, healths were drunk, songs sung, speeches made, &c.;, &c.; One of the toasts was, " The Corpo ration," which, was very, cordially received, as it appeared that body had rendered every assistance in helping the local efforts. Sometime ago we stated that the Hon. G-. F. Angas promised a donation of £50 towards the extension and improvement of the South Australian Institute Museum on the condition that a similar amount was raised by private subscriptions. To do this, subscrip tion lists were placed in various public institutions, and we are glad to find £64 4s. 6d. (which is more than the requisite amount) has been obtained. The Board will, therefore, be enabled to claim the liberal donation offered by Mr. Angas; and we may shortly expect to see some valuable additions to a most im portant department of our Institute. Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Faulding left for England yesterday by the mail steamer Alexandra. They boarded the steamer at G-lenelg, where a number of their friends gathered to bid them farewell. It was the universal hope that they might have a safe and pleasant voyage home, and that they would not long delay in the return back here. They expect to be absent from the colony about two years. Mr. Faulding pro mised the Committee to exercise his influence upon our rich absentees in respect to gaining subscriptions from them towards the Albert Peal of Bells. The design of Mr. Abbott, architect, has been accepted by the douger-street Presbyterian Church fbr their new edifice, which' is to be erected in Flinders-street, nearly opposite Mr. Mead's church. The style is Italian, and is very chaste and pretty. The total cost is estimated at £4,000. The proceeds of the late entertainment on behalf of the soldiers' wives and children by the West Adelaide Dramatic Club is estimated, after paying expenses, at about £30. The only case brought before the Adelaide Police Court this morning was a case of wife desertion. John Ken worthy, of Bowden, was charged with deserting his wife, Elizabeth, and leaving her without any means of maintenance. The defendant was re manded until the following day for further evidence. We have received a copy of a pamphlet entitled “ Glimpses into the Unseen and Unknown.” On noticing this sensational title we thought, of course, that the book would contain revelations of the spirit world, either by “ rappers” or “ second-sight” people, or spiritualists of some kind or other; nor was our curiosity one whit diminished when we saw that these “ glimpses” were afforded by the Rev. R. Haining and the Rev. J. Gardner ! However, not to keep our readers in an agony of suspense, we may at once state that the “ Unseen and Unknown” are the composi- tions (unseen and unknown by the general public) submitted to the abovenamed gentlemen as “ specimens” of what various South Australian youth could do in the way of writing from dictation. Messrs. Haining and Gardner, it will be remembered, characterised somewhat strongly the ignorance of English composition betrayed by various candi- dates at the recent Competitive Examinations, the censure being afterwards objected to as indis- criminate and sweeping. The result is the appearance of the present pamphlet, consisting of 24 pages, and certainly including a most amazing number of blunders. The errors in spelling are such as the following :— Assylum, ulugists (for eulogists), Mazepper, Micham, ordianory, untaugt, chappels, suberbs, manal (for menial), suden, strugling, Govenor, hossepital, nashional, Australissia, rainial throne (for menial throng), Botany gardens (for Botanic Gardens), Urtle Square, Witmore Square, Mr. Peacoks, torens, gass lights, and no end of corresponding novelties. The compo- sition is on a par with the spelling : thus —“ A rail- way laves Adelaide at various hours of the day.” “ The Botanic Gardens, which is visited, and which affords” &c.; “ These with a great number of churches for it may he said that the greater portion of the city and its inhabitants are civilized, and have em- braced Christianity.” “ Adelaide has about 6,000 inhabitants which are greatly increasing.” “ A new Govenor has lately come to this country, named Dominic Daley the latter one was Sir Richard Graves Macdonnell.” “ I now close my report, which I hope will meet with the approvel of the Examinors.” We think, considering that 20 pages of such errors as the foregoing can be selected from the written compositions of one class in a competitive examination, that, the Examiners were not only justified in calling attention to the matter, but that they were in duty bound to do so. On Tuesday evening, January 26, a soiree in con nection with the Port Adelaide Young Men's Improve ment Association was held in St. Paul's Church School-room, the proceeds of which were for the benefit of the St. Paul's Church Enlargement Fund. The large room was crowded. The President of the Association, the Rev. C. Marryat, occupied the chair. The report of the Society's progress was read by the Secretary, Mr. G. L. Anthony, from which it appeared their first meeting was held in July, 1863, numbering eight members, since which they had increased to 16 members. Their meetings had been held weekly for the object of mutual improvement, which had included Scripture reading, recitations, debates on vairous subjects, reading history, sciences, &c.; The Society was progressing very satisfactorily, and it was. hoped beneficial results and further progress would ensue. After this a number of reci citations were given by the members. The " Arab Steed," by W. Rosse; " Hamlet's Soliloqy," by J. Lake; "Burial of Sir J. Moore," by J. Rann; " Wolsey and Cromwell," by Messrs. Hopkins and Frewin; the latter being well delivered by Mr. Hopkins, and the others evoked much applause. The Rev. C. Marryatt gave an excellent lecture upon " Wit and Folly." The lecturer read and repeated numerous extracts of celebrated wits, and in the second part of his lecture detailed various events of wit and folly in the " Life of Theodore Hook," and was frequently applauded in the course of his lecture. A humorous recitation by Mr. Green—" Misadven tures at Margate"—was given in a most successful manner, and received an encore; a song by Mr. J. Lake—" I'll think of thee," was given in a creditable manner. Recitations followed—the Ghost scene from "Hamlet," by Messrs. Rosse and Lane; "The Spanish Armada," by J. Clarke, with great applause; and " Yirginius," by the Rev. Mr. Pollitt, jun., was well rendered. Two overtures on the piano, by lady amateurs, were played during the evening, and a glee by three gentlemen amateurs. A vote of thanks to the ladies and Chairman, and the National Anthem closed the meeting. The entertainment will realize a nice little sum for the object intended. Mr. T. P. Hill gave his farewell elocutionary enter tainment at White's Room on Wednesday evening. There was a very large attendance, including the members of the Ministry, many-ministers of religion, and members of the Legislature. It is no slight task for a man, alone and unassisted, to undertake the amuse ment of an audience throughout an evening, but, judging from the general applause which followed his efforts, Mr. Hill succeeded perfectly last night. He commenced his entertainment by expressing the pleasure he felt in seeing so many old South Aus tralian friends around him, and he then proceeded, after passing a high eulogy on the Pickwick Papers, to read from them the celebrated trial of "Bardellv. Pickwick." At the conclusion of Serjeant Buzfuz's address to the Jury there was a short interval, after which Mr. Hill gave with much effect the examina tion of the. witnesses, altering the tones of his voice for each character, and then went on to the end of the trial. Another short interval followed, and Mr. Hill then opened what he termed his "Box of Yocal Curiosities," giving imitations of two Yictorianmembers of Parliament, a Melbourne stump orator, and an Amerioan Revival Preaoher, all of which were well received, but a loud burst of applause followed the recognition by the audience of the voice and manner when Mr. Hill, coming nearer home, imitated a certain well known South Australian legislator. The entertainment concluded by the reoitation of Tennyson's celebrated lines on the charge of the Six Hundred at Balaklava. Mr. Hill then thanked the audieuce for their attendance, and took leave of them in a few well chosen words, expressing his hearty wishes for the welfare and prosperity of South Aus tralia. Before closing this notice we must say a word as to the great disadvantage under which Mr. Hill laboured last night—we refer to the room. Since the Assembly room has been decorated the drapery which formerly hung round the walls has been removed, and though no doubt the removal improves the appearance of the room, it renders it much more difficult for a speaker to make himself perfectly heard. The modulations of the voice are lost, ana the echo drowns the speaker's words as soon as he begins to raise his voice or express himself with much energy. This fault is of course more noticeable at the lower part of the hall, and in faot last night it rendered many of Mr, Hill's words quite unintelli* gible, although he is as clear and distinct a speaker as we could wish to hear. We take leave of Mr. T. P. Hill by wishing, him all the success to which his study of the elocutionary art and his devotion to his profession so justly entitles him. Frank Fowler's name is well known in connection with Australian literature as the author of " Southern Lights and Shadows " and several other works. His death, which occurred a short time ago, has been mourned by a large circle of friends—not only because of his comparative youth, being only 30 years of age, but because of the evidence he gave of great ability as a public writer. His life was marked bjr—— many changes and vicissitudes which prevented him from making provision for his widow and three children* who are consequently left in need. The friends of the young author knowing these circumstances have formed a Committee, headed by Dowager Lady Filmer and Lady Catherine Long for the purpose of raising a fund for the support of Mrs. Fowler and her children. Subscriptions can be forwarded to Mr. William Walter, 18, New Bridge-street, Blaokfriars, London, E. C., and no doubt a little from the deceased's Australian Mends and admirers would be very acceptable. The new foot-bridge connecting G-awler north and south was opened by the Mayor of (iawler Town in due form on Wednesday afternoon. We find that Dr. Camming has been again ven turing upon specific dates for the fulfilment of Daniel's predictions. He recently laid before a New castle audience certain deductions of ~ his, which; pointed to 1867 as the close of the present economy, He said he believed the last desperate battle-field would be near Jerusalem, and that France, Russia, and England would be the combatants. We see that Maud Jean Franc, the talented and popular author of "Marian; or the Light of some one's Home," has commenced a tale in the dus» tralian 'Evangelist, published in Melbourne. It ifl v entitled " Vermont Vale; or a Tale of an Australian '] Home." » 