FRTGHTENED TO DEA1H BY A GHOST Yesterday forenoon Sir. H. Raffles Walthew, deputy corouer, held an in quest at the White Hart Tavern, Kings land road, touching', tlie duath of a young woman, named Priscilla May, aged 10 yours, vrhn lost tier life through the practical joke of a servant ia dres sing up as a ghost. Mr. H. .May, a tradesmnn carrying on business at No 147, Kingslaud- road said that deceased, his daughter, was a dressmaker. She was in perfect health, when about four months ago she went to Mr. Blyth's house, in Hvde Park gardens, to do some work. She returned three days aflerwariU looking seriousfy affected in health. She could hardly breathe. Her nostrils were greatly distended and plugged. She said that she liad been terribly fright ened the night before. As she was going upstairs with the governess and the servant, past the bath-room, the door of the latter was seen to be open. She asked the servant to close tiie door, and the latter was going1 to do so, when something all in white tlirew the door wide o/ipu, and appeared from tlie darkness. She said that she instant 't '-u *«»«» SKlCrtlimij; aim ii,,; mills OT the governess. Blood guslied from her nostrils and she was carried down stairs insensible. A doctor was sent for, and the servants renamed up with her all night. It appeared that the appari tion in white was a servant, wlio dressed herself all in white as a practical joke. Deceased never recovered from the shock. She List her ap.*tite, and her mind became affected. She gradually sauk and died on the 19th inst. Sophia Sturgeon said that she was a servant in the employ of gentleman residing nt 30, Upper Ifyde Park gar dens, Bayswater. On tlie niglit in question witness was preceding Miss Clarke, the governess, and the deceased upstairs, when she heard a supernatural scream to imitate a 'ghost.' Decea-ed gave a scream — like a laugh— aud fell. Witness believed she fell upoa the stairs. Deceased had been bleeding from the nose during the day. A doctor was sent for. Witness said that Emma Frisley, the nursery governess, came to the door of the bathroom in her white night-dress as a joke. Witness would swenr none of the other servants were in the secret. Banna Frisley, nursery governess said that she made her appearance in white merely to frighten thi! persons going upstairs. She told deceased that she was sorry that she had so seriou-ly frightened her. The whole affair was a frolic out, of lier own head. Mr. Walchew said thut from what could he ascertained the 'gliost'' was not pre-arranged liy the other servants. ' Mr, A. Cattenvood, surgeon, said that he was called in to deceased, and tound her suffering from lo^- of blood, I from nausea, sleeplessness, and waut of . appetite. Latterly she became affected j in mind. She would not. look at wit ness, nor answer when spoken to. He believed she died from uti o iscure affection of the brain, conjoined with hysteria. Her death was decidedly accelerated by the fright. The Coroaer said that the fact of i dressing up as a gliost was very foolish and very dangerous. In several cases , it produced idiocy, and in the present instance it caused death. It was but right to consider, however, that the young woman who caused the mischief - aid nut intend anything serious, and ; that she was evidently sincerely sorry for her foil}'. No doubt this case would act as a warning to younir persons, and iu that way do a public good Ths Jury returned a verdict of'Death from obscure disease of the brain and hysteria, accelerated by a fright, and thut her death was caused by misfor tune.' The proceedings then terminated. Why should you be justified iu picking the pockets of a vendor of engravings ) — Because be has picl-uivs. Mr. Day advertises tlie loss of his dug ; Brown hopes he will sueeeed iu finding him ; for if ' every dug has his day,' he doesn't see why every Day should not have his dog. 