LOVES OF THE POETS. TWO of our Australian poets, whose genius all men delight to honour, have been carrying on a little amatory correspondence during the last week or two. As their mutual addresses have been confided to the commercial columns of the Herald and may conse- quently have escaped the eyes of those who revel in the charms of literature, Mr. Punch has taken the trouble to extract the essence of these Lahat rakooms, or mouthfuls of pleasure (as the Persians term them), for the benefit of his readers. It is needless to say how charmed he was with the tenderness of sentiment, the delicacy of feeling, the—the—, in short, the general excellence of these re- markable compositions. It is certainly unusual to find distinguished men addressing each other in such terms through the medium of daily newspapers; but that circumstance may be considered all in the favour of the illustrious twain we speak of. They are evidently not restrained by any of the conventional rules of modern feudalism, and have no hesitation in letting the world know the esteem which they entertain for each other and for themselves. It is this uncon- sciousness that they are doing anything not generally done by others, this relaxation of ordinary rules, that forms the peculiar charm of literary correspondence. The world loves to be taken into confidence by the men it admires; it loves to be patted on the back, and to listen to little domestic secrets which are wholly un- interesting in other men. It would peruse the washing bills of a man of genius with unspeakable gratification, and would even feel a pride in paying them. All this must be borne in mind by him who would thoroughly relish the interchange of delightful senti- ments, the pelting each other with bon-bons, as it were, which has recently passed between our colonial Troubadours. On the 17th of this month, Mr Henry Kendall addressed some lines to "Henry Halloran." He begins by informing him that "he knows he left his forest home full loth" (if Mr. Halloran already knew it, why should he be told it again?); and then proceeds to say that, in the home alluded to, he "loved and lost a noble creed!" The reader is not informed of the peculiar nature of the creed referred to; and is consequently left to choose between the Nicene and Athanasian. He gathers, however, from a parenthetical remark, that the author was suffering at the time from internal hæmorrhage of some kind; inasmuch as he is told that "this wild thought, of all wild thoughts, did chiefly make him bleed." The author then proceeds to comfort himself for the loss of his "splendid creed" by "remembering you and Stenhouse near you;" the individual referred to as "Stenhouse'' presenting the singular appearance of "a fine stray guest of other days.'' What is meant by a "fine stray guest" is difficult to conjecture, unless it be that a fine guest had gone astray, suggesting the idea of a cul- tivated Frenchman going to a London dinner party. The poet then requests his friend to "hold me firm," which recalls the idea of the hæmorrhage; the poet evidently being so weak from loss of blood as to have grown rather weak in the legs. His friend is then told that "now my soul goes drifting back again," while at the same time, "scattered sheddings, in a fall of rain, re- vive the dear lost long ago." What is meant by "scattered shed- dings," or how on earth they can revive the past, remains a mystery. An interesting piece of autobiography follows. The poet refers to a time when he "loitered by untrodden fens, intent upon low-hanging lustrous skies, and caught seductive tokens of a voice of perfect tone, and the immortal choice of starry faces—astral dreams!" This ap- parently is an allusion to some love episode of the author's, which resulted in disappointment; the "voice of perfect love" having probably ventured on jilting him. He tells his friend, however, that "that last was yours!" as if acknowledging that he had bor- rowed the thought from him. His friend is finally requested to "find me something clearer than the clear white spaces of Infinitude;" but here again the reader is left in the dark, for as to what the "clear white spaces of Infinitude" may be, he hasn't the ghost of an idea. He consoles himself with the reflection that, after all, he probably knows as much about them as Mr. Kendall. On the 27th, the world was favoured with Mr. Halloran's "Response,'' which is very appropriately introduced by a text from Ezekiel. It is sufficient to say that the sermon preached upon this text by Mr. Halloran is quite as interesting as sermons in general. The responsive poet begins by saying that "the murmur of the forest, and the sound of mighty waters, and the great sweep of boughs, and the fresh breath of morn, and the weird whisper, have all had their charms for him;" and further, that he has frequently, on different occasions, "gazed from the mountain-tops in a joyance" he does'nt feel at present. After this mournful revelation of the poet's feelings, he encourages his friend by telling him that "there is a warfare which we (that this, Messrs. Kendall and Halloran) have to wage," and that it is much "much more urgent than to lie upon the slope of blossoming leas," doing nothing. He concludes by recommending his correspondent to "clasp this faith," and assures him that in the event of his doing so, "the vision will be no longer stained," and probably that "Light and Beauty will absorb the Whole." Mr. Punch trusts that his readers will appreciate his efforts to present this singular correspondence in an intelligible form. It is not without some labour that he has done so, since it required several very careful perusals to enable him to form a dim conjecture as to what the poets were "driving at." He is not without his doubts at the present moment, but trusts that his readers will be more fortunate than himself. The poems he has endeavoured to illustrate may be referred to, like the chess problem in the Illustrated London News, as an excellent means of intellectual discipline for the young. 