A.GHOST STORY. At a meeting of Hie Literary Club, at which Dr John- son, Mr Burke, and several other eminont characters 'of the day were present, it was observed that an old gentle- man who bad never missed ono of the meetings of the society was that day absont. His absence was] con- sidered as the moro extraordinary because ho happened to be president that day. While the company were . ex- pressing thoir surprise at this circumstance, they saw thoir friend enter the room, wrapped in a long white gown, bis countenance wan and very much fallen. He sat down in his place, and when his friends wondered at his dress be waved his bund, nodded to each sepa- rately, and disappeared from the room without speaking. Tlie gentlemen, surprised at this circumstance, and de- termined to investigate'it, called for the waiter, and asked whether any one had been seen upon tho staircase which led to tho room where thoy wore sitting. They were answered that no person had boon seen either to enter tho house or to mount the stairs, and that both tho staircase and tho entrance had boon constantly filled with comers and goers. Not satisfied with this,'they sent to tho house of the gentleman they had just seen, to inquire whether he lind been out. His residence happened.to bo very near the couee-houso whero they were, and their messenger immediately returned with tho following melancholy intelligence :-Thoir friond had died about ten minutes before of a violent fevor, which had confined him entirely to his bcd for several days. Some of tho most eminent mun of the club gayo themselves great pains to discover the imposition which some thought had been practised upon them ; others firmly believed that their friend's ghost had actually appeared to them ; and that the latter opinion was con- firmed by the total failure of all enquiries. All their efforts proved vain to remove the veil of mystory winch hung over this transaction. At last they determined to romove tho club to another part of the town, entering at the same time into an engagement never to reveal the circumstance which had occasioned tl lis change. They wisely thought ' that such a story, supported by the evidenco of Johnson, Burke, Ac, might. do much mischief while the causes remained unex- plained. Many years afterwards, as Mr Burke was sitting at dinner with some friends at his own house, ho was told that a poor, old woman, who was dying in an obscure garret in the midst of the greatest wretchedness, hud just said that she could not die in peace unless she could reveal a most important secret to Mr Burke. This summons appeared so like a fraudulent means of extorting money, that Mr Burke refused togo. Inashort time ho received a second message still moro pressing, and at the same timo such an account was given of tho extremo poverty and misery of the poor expiring object, that his compassion was excited, and he deter- mined to go, in spite of the earnest entreaties of his friends, who still foarod for his safety. They accordingly watched in the little obscure alley, saw him ascend tile stuircaso which led to the garret in which ho was told that tho poor woman was lying, and rominded him that succour was'nt hand. Mr Burko soon returned. Ho told his friends that ho had found everything as it had beou represented ; that tho old woman bad died after telling him a very extraordinary circumstance, which had given him groat satisfaction ; he theil related all tho for- mer part of this story, and added that the dying woman had confessed that silo had boon guilty of neglect which had cost nn unfortunate man his life. She said that upon her deathbed she was determined to make ull tho atonement in her powor, confess her error, and had'there fore requested his presenco knowing him to be the most intiuiato friend of tho deceased. She said .that some years beforo she was nurse to a gentleman who was ill of a dangerous fover, and named Mr Burke's friond. She said that on a particular day-which she named-sho was told by tho physician that the crisis of the disease was that duy to bo expoctcd, and that tho ultimate issue of the maludy would very much depend upon the patient's being kept perfectly quiet at that moment ; which could only bo done by incessant watohing, as tho delirium would probably run very high just before. In that caso tho physician directed that the patient should be forcibly de- tained in his bed, as the least cold would provo. fatal. He therefore ordered the nurse not to leave tho room upon' any account tho whole of tho day., The nuçso added that in tho afternoon of that day a neighbour had called upon her ; that seeing the gentleman perfectly quiet she Iud ventured to leave his room for ton minutes!; when she returned she found her patient gone. In a few minutes he returned, and oxpirèd immediately. When she heard the inquirios made, she was well. aware what had civen birth i o them, but was at this time prevented by ahumo from confessing the truth. -Diaries of a Lady of (¿ualuy. 