MISCELLANEOUS.SIHPPING. From private sources wc learn that the brig A'arm lias been disposed of at Newcastle, but the particulars have not transpired. Tiie brig Lady Emma sailed for Sydney on Saturday afternoon, and at 3 p.m. yesterday was at anchor 00 Blackuian's Bay. The brig Priarie arrived ou Saturday afternoon, after a long passage, during which Captain Griggs reports that he has experienced some very heavy weather, and in one heavy gale he lost hie jibboom. Ho vessels of importance have been seen: A STBAKCE STOBV.—A strange story is told in connection with the report of the murder at sea on board of the barque Pontiac, of Liverpool, by Jean Moyatoi, a Greek Sailor, now in custody in Edin- i burg. We do aot know whether the particulars we tion, hut undoubtedly they have a strong bearing on tlie case, and make it probable that but for the hallucination of one of the crew—not the Greek Sailor—the murder would not have happened. It tnay be remembered that on the 13 th of October; last, five days after the Pontiac left Callao, Jean Moyatos murdered one of his fellow seamen, and stabbed another in such a dangerous mauner that liis life was despaired of. Two nights before the fatal occurrence the mate of the Pontiac was standing near the man at the helm, no other person being on the quarterdeck at the time, when the latter in great terror callc-d out " What is that near the cabin door ?'' The mate replied that he saw nothing, and looked about to si-e if any one was near, but Ire failed to discover any person. The steersman then, much unified, said the figure he saw was that of a strange looking man, of glioftly appearance, and almost immediately afterwards declaimed, " There he is again, standing at the Captain's window." The mate, though in view of the Captain's window, saw no figure near it nor at any other part of the quarter deck, though he looked round and round. Next Jay the report went from one to the other that a ghost waB on board which filled some of the sailors with alarm, while others made a jest of it. Next night a boy (ft stowaway) »vas so dreadfully alarmed in his bunk by something he saw or felt (we do not know which) that he cried out so loudly as to waken all the seamen in bed. The boy was sure it was the ghost seen the previous night that had frightened Irini, and others of more niBture age were inclined to think so too. Perhaps more one half of those on board believed that something supernatural was on board, and thai some calamity was alout to happen. But there were two on board who did not believe the i'l -it stories, and these were the man j who was nu ide-ed and his companion who was stabbed. 3 lie firmer joked with the boy about the ] glinst, and said be would have li is knife well sharpened and ready for the ghost if it appeared the next night. Ho would giveil a stab and "chuck" it overboard. Thelattr joined in the joke, saying he would also help "(o do" lor the ghost, and others said they would have letters ready for the ghost to carry to their friends in the oilier world. Jeaq Muyatos overheard what was said as to stabbing and throwing overboard, and in consequence of his' imperfect knowledge of the itoglisb language, and having previously supported there was a combination against him. thought the threats were made against- him, and therefore resolved to protect himself. A few hours after the jesting we have briefly explained took place, he slabbed the two men .who principally carried on the jest, with the fatal revult known. The murder, as might be txpccti d, filled (yery one on board with horror; and the terror of the sailors who believed there was a .ghost on board was overwhelming. At night, whether in bed, or on wateh on deck, they had great dread, wlijcli was heightened by reports that strange noises were heard below. Not even at the «n I of the voyage had the fear been overcome, for alter the ship was moored in the ducks two of the crew, who had agreed to sleep tin iioard, liecame so frightened ufu-r their companions were paid off that they refused to remain in tlie vessel at night.— Scotsman,' A ISLOCK*I>K RUNNER.—On Monday several people l aid a visit to the docks at Cardiff, to make an exterior inspection of a splendid clipper-built vessel lying in the Bast Dock. She is the largest vessel that has entered the dock, and will carry away mora than S000 tons of coal, which Is to form her cargo,( Sbe is built very sharped is intended for speed as well as carrying a cargo. She has four times run the blockade with success, and there is very tittle doubt she is intended for another.trip ot the same bind, tier destination being, it is said, the Wot Indies.— NEW LIKE UP PACKET STUAMBRB TO THE CAPE, —On Thursday afternoon a number of merchants, brokers, and gentlemen connected with the trade and commerce of Augw Bay, assembled on board the new steamship Ksslern Province, 784 tons (the pioneer of ibe Diamond Steam Navigation Company's fleet, to trade between this country and tlie Cape), in celebration of the undertaking, which, from the arrangements entered npon, appears likely to stove a sennanenV success. The Eastern Province only arrived in the Victoriau Oocks, from Sunder- ' land, ' ill ' the " early part of -* the morning, having ' sailed oh Tuesday evening. The company intended to have dispatched her much earlier in the year, but their arrangements had been thwarted by the difficulties encountered in completing her for sen, owing to thepressurt£of business in the hands of the Shipbuilders and engine makers. The Eastern Province is in every respect, for strength, veutillation, accommodation, aud for her comfort to Jier passengers, equal to any steamer afloat. She has berths for SO first class passengers, end £5 second class. Her saloon is capacious and elegant. The ship is schoonerrigged, with poop and hurricane dock, with a dear promenade fore and aft. The engines are of 1 go horsepower, on Mace's patent surface condensing principle. During the run from the North to the Thames, they worked with ease and smoothness,and the speed obtained leads to a belief that the distance to the Cape will be accomplished in little more than 25 day;, taking the port of Falmouth as tlie starting point The builders of the ship were Messrs Laing, of Sunderland, where the company have two large steamships building, of 1,400 tons each, and these they have every confidence of placing on the liue in conjunction with the Eastern Province in 10 months from this time. Mr Grey, promoter and manager of the company, intends accompanying the Eastern Province on the first trip, anil her departure is fixed for to-morrow. Mr Grey, auzong other toasts, proposed and paid a handsome eulogiuin on Captain Edington, commander of the Eastern Province. lie had had the pleasure of knowing him many years, and could bear testimony to his being all that could be wished for, attention, strict discipline, and thorough seamanship. Captain Edington, in a brief but suit-1 able speech, replied; and, aftir some other gentlemen had addressed the assembly on the auspicious posi- tion of the company,the party broke up THE BLOCKADE BIWNEBS.—Tlie well-known paddle steamer Scotia, which ran out of Wilmington on the night of Feb. 29, was captured next morning by the United Stntes' SteamerConnecticut. She hail u board 108 bales of cotton. The Scotia was one of he Clyde steamers, and has been engaged in blockade running ubout 12 months. The report of the capture of the Donbigli was—like that of the City of Petersburg and Advance without .foundation. She was iyiug safely at Mobile by latest advices from there. The steamer Cares, captured and condemned has been cold to a Philadelphia firm far £17,300.— ? ' Western Daily Press.* .—'Mitchell's Maritime Register.' 'Ibid.' 