Is the question raised by Mr. Everard's motion to bo allowed to drop if the Speaker has decided that it may be revived from the condition of asphyxia into which it was thrown by the "no House" division of Friday sen'night, and for the benefit of those who aro not deeply versed in "the practice of Parliament," it has been pointed out by the same high authority that the modus operandi for effecting that revival is by placing a formal notice to that effect on the parlia- mentary paper. The query, then, naturally arises, will that course of proceeding bo taken without further delay ? The Ministry, as if fearing the appeal to tho country which the general elections will afford, continue their procrastination policy of dragging on tho session to its most prolonged possible duration. They thus afford iho opportunity for pre venting the question from lapsing in that undignified and unsatisfactory manner which occurred on the occasion referred to. And it is of iinportanco to know whether there is not amongst tho land-reformers of tho House any one who feels his sense of responsibility to bis constituents and bis concern for tho interests of the country, strongly enough to induce him to take the matter in band. Something also is duo to the representative character of the . Assembly as tho exponent oi the wishes and wants of the public on this the most vital and must compre hensive of all the political questions of the day. It does not follow that be cause tho present Assembly is in its last session, the membors who compose it should lay aside all memory of what they pledged to do on this question, at the time of their election. There was no understanding come to on that occasion that the last session should be suffered to become a nullity upon the topic of greatost moment rind of most anxious concern to the whole community. Neither was it assumed on all hands amongst tho electors and the elected that, in ease the popular requirements on the land question were negaVved oitlior by Ministerial blundering or Ministerial bad faith, tbo independent members of the House should acquiesce in that denial of tlio country's rights, simply because the Parliament at tho time of the catastrophe, had arrived at its closing session. Not only was there no understanding, positive or implied, to this effect, but tho very reverse was taken to be the course which would engage the attention of honourable members. It was, in fact, a special understanding in the minds of all the constituencies which returned men of liberal opinions on the land question, that that question would not be suffered to rest until some satisfactory solu tion of it was come to by both Houses of Parliament. It was mainly on this score that these gentlemen secured their sents. There is no justification therefore possible of their wilfully ignoring their obligations to the country upon this mutter. And yet it is cer tain they still play false to these obliga tions, unless tuey at once take steps to retrieve the mishap, which befel Mr. Evbuahu's motion. This reparativo proceeding would be incum bent on them, even if the insulting defiance of public opinion which tho Council has mouthed forth in the lace of tho people had never seen the light. Bu% alter that arrogant display of dis regard for the popular demands, aiid for the exigencies of the public interests upon the cardinal political topic of the day, has been made by the Council, it, is nothing short of becomingwticc/M cri minis tor tbe Assembly to sit passive and unmoved at so great an outrage upon the commonweal. .. . What is it that tbe Legislative Coun cil has' in its senility decreed as tbe solo policy of the Stato for all future time in reference to tho disposal of the public lands? These lands have, by the Crown out of its Koyal bounty, been conferred upon the population of this country as their per petual dower and inheritance for ever. They are the basis — the broad founda tion — upon which alorio population' can rear the superstructure of the State. And it was to facilitate its early and secure construction in a solid and last ing fashion, by the willing bands of a numerous community, that the' British Crown endowed the people of the colony with this magnificent domain. But meanwhile a handful of first-comers, have squatted down upon its broad acres, " and conceived the resolve of frustrating the will of the Sovereign, and of keeping this fair land nn un peopled wilderness solely for the use of their own flocks and herds. And to give a colour of legality to their treasonous purposes they have seized on one branch of the Legislature, have made it their especial representative, and hnvo used it as their mouthpiece to proclaim that there shall be only one mode of disposing of the public estate, : and that that mode shall bo fashioned to exclude tho bulk of the population from possession of the soil, and to convert their own temporary occupancy ; of it into .freehold ownership. Auction sales, which can possibly result solely in shutting out tho industrious and yeomen classes from even the hope " of purchasing homesteads, and in con- . centrating the power, to buy the public . lands in the hands of a feiv uionied spe culators and stockowners, are to form the macbinory of working out this onfinlv Tirnnlnimed linrnnsft of the squatters' representative House. And this vaunted determination is offen sively . brandished with premeditated insolence in the face of the people on tho eve of their being called upon to elect anew tbe popul u- branch of tho Legislature. Is not that sufficient motive to wake up the manhood of those gen'Jemen who have taken upon themselves to represent the people in our Commons House of Parliament ? Is there not ground enough here for prompt and spirited action, which would contemp tuously hurl back upon this knot of dull- witted plotters against the common good, the fool-hardy insult they have offered to he popular sense of right, of justice, and of sound public policy? Courtesy requires tbat Mr. Eye- rard should have the option of being the person to renew, in an amended form, the motion which lapsed in his hands a fow days back. But if that hon. member does not feel himself in a position to re-open tho subject, there are others who owe it to them selves, and to those tlioy represent, to replace the motion on the notice paper, with a view to its immediate discussion, and to putting upon record the collec tive opinion of the Assembly upon the question. Yesterday's Government Gazette contains the following notifications, for which we have not room in this issue: A notice respecting beacons to and in the roads of Batavia; abstract of Halltilles and nascti of tbo National Bank of Australasia for tho quarter ending 31st March ; half yearly return of tlio aggregate nverogo amount of the weekly liabilities and assets of the Bank of Australasia, from the 13th October, 1803, to the llth April, 1804 ; summary of sworn returns of the average liabilities and assets and of the capital and profits of all the banks In Victoria for the quarter ended 31st March ; a list of markot t It rates under the Municipal Corporations Act, authorised by the Governor in Council; and iiyu-Iaws of the Board of Land and Works, relating to the Victorian railways. The Legislative Assembly was counted out yesterday, there beii-g only nincteon members when the House inet. The Victorian Rifle Association have issued their programme of matches for their fourth meeting, which takes place at the Sandridge Butts, on the 9th, 10th, and 11th proximo. Particulars will be found in our advertising columns. The half-yearly report of the directors of the Bank of New South Wales is before us. A divi- dend at the rate of 13 per cent, per annum is provided for. We have to acknowledge the courtesy of the Registrar-General of South Australia in forwarding to us a copy of the Agricultural Statistics of that colony for the season1863–4. The Governor in Council has approved of the rules adopted by the East Melbourne Corps of the R.V.V. Artillery. Some person actuated by malice or wanton love of mischief, entered the garden of Mr J. Lock, Charles street, Fitzroy, and destroyed all the fruit trees, shrubs, and flowers. Mr Lock offers a reward of L5 for the conviction of the perpetrator of this dastardly outrage. Dr Macadam, in his capacity of Health Officer for the city, accompanied by Mr Hassell, Inspector under the Board of Health, made an inspection the lodging-houses, yesterday, and reports a marked improvement in the cleanliness of these establishments, also in the extent of their accommodation. By reference to our advertising columns it will be seen that the manager of the Collingwood Gold Mining Company is determined to loso no time in carrying out the resolution of tho share holders, as recorded in our columns of yesterday, by summoning every defaulter who does not pay up the calls owing within tlx days. A robbery was reported to the police yesterday, as having been committed sometime between Monday and Wednesday, at the house of Mary Dawson, at Commercial road, Prahran. The property taken away consisted of four L10 notes, one L5 note, one sovereign, and one half sovereign. The money was in a box in one of the rooms. The Castlemaine Daily News, which by the way we received last night for the first time this week, has the following:— "At Fryertown just now the particulars of a most disgraceful piece of conduct are currently circulated. It is almost certain that the affair will he brought under the notice of the local police magistrate in a few days. The party implicated in this is an old resident in the locality—a person who has ever thrust himself conspicuously forward as a pattern man —a married man of family, he is said to have savagely attacked and beaten his own mother, who is seventy years of age. The poor old woman, who arrived from England only about eight months ago, was, according to report, shamefully treated, and turned out of doors on a wintry night amongst the many waterholes, for which the neighbourhood is celebrated. A great deal of sympathy is felt for her, and indignation expressed at the brutal and unnatural manner in which her son is alleged to huve behaved towards her." The cricket match between the hide -mer chants and loathe? sellers was concludod yce- "teriluy. Tho total score was, Hides, fir3t innings — 47; second do— 33; total, 83. Leather, fi. at Innings — 63; second do— 31; total, 01. Aceoruing to iuo tjasuemaine ooauy news, Barker's Creek is Infested with thieves who ap pear to commit their depredations wi'li the greatest impunity. The journal mentioned, says: — "It-is very evident that although the police may pride themselves with having dis-' covered a 'plant' of stolen property at Barker's Crtck, and brought home the guilt t» the two or throe about whose premises it was found — that they have yet to break up tho gang of thieves who have for some time past so unceasingly annoyed the rightful owners of property. At Barker's Greek during the present week, a scries of apparently systematic robberies has occurred, and the dwellings of tho following usitned individuals, who are employed by day iu mining opt rations, have been cleared cf all tilings uselulorvaluableduringtheirnbsencc. On Mon day the premises ofMr Routlcdge, situate opposite to Homau's store, were visited, nod again the same premises on Thursday ; on Tuesday the dwelling of Mr J. Brojker, situated next to the dwelling of Mr Stavdy, was visited; on Tues day, also, the dwelling of Mr Grostnan was visited by tho thieves for the fifth time; and on Thursday, the dwelling of Mr R. Wilson, situated opposite to Homan's store, was likewise burglariously entered. This is simply a list of thefts, that aro ascertained to hnvo occurred, within half n lniio of the Union hotel, at Barker's Creek; but it is uot at all likely ti be an adequate list of tho robberies that have occurred during Urn week in this locality alone." The premises of Mr Jno. Morris, of Rucker's Hill, Northcote, were robbed on Thursday night last. The thief got through tho nursery- window, and Mr Morris's son, a child of six years of age, who was in bed, saw him pass through the room, but was too much frightened to give an alarm. The fellow then made his way to Mr Morris's bedroom, and lifting that gentleman's nether garments, extracted from the pockets a purse, which fortunately only contained fifteen shillings in silver. The purse was found next morning on a wash-stand in an adjoining apartment. The rascal seems to have been intent upon enjoying himself, for before leaving the premises he regaled himself with beef, cake, and some port wine. There was a large quantity of jewellery in the bedroom, which either escaped the notice of the thief or he was afraid of taking, as it could be identified. Some silver plate was also left untouched. A meeting of Danish residents and sympathisers in their national cause took place at the Albion hotel, Castlemaine, on Thursday, to concert measures for collecting subscriptions for the relief and assistance of the Danes wounded in the war. A committee was formed to carry out the objects of the meeting. The Building Committee of St. Philip's Church, Iloddlc street, gratefully acknowledge the following additions to their subscription list : — VY. T. T., per Mr A; Snowdon, LI j Sir J.- Kvnn», LI; collected by Mrs Cook, 7s Gd ; n Friend, 10s ; Mr J. B. Andrews, L2 ; Messrs Dyer and Co, LI ; Mr Alcock, LI ; Mr Walker, Candle works, Victoria street, 11; Mr J. Seltult, LI Is; Mr Taylor, Is; Mr Hook, 103 ; and LI Is from Air Chas. Swift, Willow Tree inn, to be devoted to the Building and Church Committees." We have also been' requested to notify that the services held in St. Philip's schoolroom cn Sunday evenings will, during the winter months, commence at half-past six in stead of seven. The Mauritius papers give later news from Madagascar. A rumour was in extensive cir culation asserting that King Radama II was not dead. The Commercial Gazette of the llth March has the following'on the subject : — " Ac- cording to our contemporary, Radama II is still a'ivc, and about to ascend the throne of his ancestors on the 23th Instant, under Imperial auspices, with an Imperial til 1c, diessed ill an Imperial uniform, and decornted with fmpcrial insignia; and all this, it is asserted, wilt be duo to the Inporial policy, to which Radama II will be indebted, not only for his preservation, but for his restoration to power. Tlio first query tliat naturally suggests itself is, If Imperial influence at Madagascar is so powerful, why was it not rathe? exerted to prevout Rodama's deposition? , Such a eourse would certainly have been the simplest and most politic as regards imperial j Interests. Wc confess that wo are, and always have been most incredulous on tho score of . King Rndaraa's existence, though endless ru mours as to the fact hare readied us, and we j find-notli'ng in Jacjues Scude'a narration of a nature to orercomo onr incredulity. We can not accept as gospel information tend red I without one tittle of evidence in support of the I accuracy of the pa I wo, therefore, ndviso our readerj to receive with" extreme caution, und a corrcsp inding amount of distrust, the improbable stories which have of lute been circulated respecting King Radama's existence and intentions. Shou'd it, however, turn out to be true that tlie former King of Madngnseir Is still nitre, and be succeeded in recovering ids throne, we can only hope tlint Ids dearly-bought experience will serve him, and that lie will not again attempt to carry out measures In direct violation of tho laws und traditions of his country. Any such attempt on Ids part would inevitably ngnin plunge lilm into difficulties from which he could scarcely hope to cxtricato himself a second time. One point worthy of remark in respect ofJ. S.'s lucubra tions is, that tlicy invariably upptnr in print about the time of the departure of our mails, and, consequently, as tlicy reach Europo uncon tradicted, are well calculated to embarrass tlie action of tbe two Malagisy ambassadors who left this time by the January mail. Perhaps tlie circumstance to which wo alludo is acci dental." The divorce case of Terry v. Terry and Mur- cutt was advanced another stage in the Supreme Court yesterday. The witness Mary Coles, who had been sent to prison on Wednesday, was cross-examined yesterday as to her relations with the petitioner, but nothing was elicited tending to show that there had been the slightest impropriety between them. The remainder of the day was taken up with the addresses of counsel. The evidence for the respondent will be opened this morning, and should the legal gentlemen engaged not waste the time of the Court in discussing unimportant points of law, there is some probability of tho cause being con- cluded this afternoon. At tho City Police Court, yesterday, James Perks was brought up, on remand from Sand hurst, charged with the abduction and inpe of a little girl, aged nine years, named Alurgaret Cronnnn. . It appeared that prisoner had en ticed the girl away from lior parents, who reside on the l-'leiuington road, and had taken her witli two boys t Saadhurst. He employed the chil dren in begging for him, and it is said that lie gained about L3 a-day by that means. Tiie child has been examined by Dr Al'Crea, and we understand is stated by that gentleman to have been very much ill used. The Bench reminded tlie prisoner for seven days. David Ludlow, a potato salesman in the Eastern Market, was committed for trial, under the Act for the punish- ment of frauds, for unlawfully converting to his own use goods of which lio was the bailee. The Resident Surgeon at the Lying-in Hospi tal reports as follows far the month ending 30th April, 1864:—Remaining in Hospital at date, 30; admitted in month, 42; out patients in month, 231; new cases do, 143. Tickets of leave have been granted during the week to John Lynch, alias Lewis, who was sen- tenced on tlio 25th October, 1859, to nine years for burglary; to John Robinson, alias King, who was sentenced at Carisbrook on tlie 28th January, 1858, to ten years fur robbery in com- pany; and to Augustus Schmidt, sentenced at Melbourne on the 16th December, 1859, for forgery and uttering. According to the Inglewood Advertiser "the lambing season, now some few weeks through, 1 lias passed most favourably. Up to this time from 8.5. to 00 per cent of the increase lias been saved, and judging from tlio character of the season, there seems little fear of a diminution of the per centage. The young gra3s is well for ward, and being protected by the heavy top growth of Inst season, is not likely to bo injured by tbe frosts." At the weekly meeting of the managing committee of the Benevolent Asylum, on Thursday, the Superintendent brought up the following report:—Number of inmates remaining last week, 337; died during the week, 2; left of own accord, 1; Total, 334. Applicants refused for want of room, 7; admitted, 3 ; remaining in institution, 337. Out-door relief, in provisions and money afforded to 30 families, during the week 28th April to 4th May, inclusive, L10 9s 5½d. Maintenance of inmates per week : Provisions cr head, 3s 2jd — L0C 14s lid ; clothing, per head, 7Jd — LU 0s 10.1. Total, per head, 3s 0jd — L07 15s Od. An accident of a very alnrming description, which providentially was unattended with fatal consequences, occurred last Saturday at the butts used by the 1st St. Kilda company : — It appears that John Beale, tho son of Mr Benin, residing nonr tlie Village Belie, after hoisting tbe proper warnlug ilag proceeded to wliitewash and place tho bull a eye of tlie target in proper order, when Private AI'Naughton, of St. Kilda, thinking all was right fircl at 800 yards and hit the tnrgot while tho lad was stooping down finishing his work. The result of the siiot was that tlio bullet rebounded and the debris of tho lead struck tbo lad causing rather severe wounds on his arm and leg. The bay was sent to Mr Thwaites, chemist, of St. Kilda, who opplieil the proper remedies, nod his palicnt has progressed favourably torccove y. Ho states that tlio bullet passed within three inches of his head, and that lie was so stunned thnt lie immediately fell. The corps linvcjcindly promised to pay tlie chemist's expenses. A horse stealer named James King, alias Alderton, who made his escape from arrest in 1860 under singular circumstances, has been recaptured. We find the following particulars in the Grenville Advocate:—"King was arrested at the time the robbery was committed at Monkey Gully, in company with two men, named respectively Clarke and Butcher, the latter of whom did not surrender until a bullet was lodged in his hip, which shot was subsequently extracted by Dr Saenger. King, in the struggle, had received a blow on the head from a piece of quartering, which felled him, and it was presumed that he would not then be able to make off, but before the other two robbers were captured King had made his escape. Butcher and Clarke were tried and convicted at Ballarat, Clarke receiving a cumulative sentence. King, it seems, has not profited by the warning contained in the fate of his companions in crime." Ballarat has lost its Chamber of Commerce, which, it seems, has expired from the effects of a severe fit of impecuniosity from which it has long been suffering. The Star has the following obituary notice: —''That very remarkable body without a soul, the Bailaarat Chamber of Commerce, is so very dead apparently that it cannot even be galvanised into life. Moribund in every sense for years, it at last got into such a hopeless condition that its best friends had no faith in it, though with a kind of reckless hope against hope some of them endeavoured to make it at least die decently. But it seems to have expired without the small and decent courtesy of paying its debts, and after several spasmodic struggles it has at last lain quietly down beneath the immoveable weight of L33 10s 6d due and owing, and, for anything we can see, likely to be owing for indefinite period yet to come, to its unfortunate but patient and ever-philosophic secretary. Collections were made some time ago in aid of the lamentable condition of the Chamber, and the debt was reduced to the sum above named, but the force of the Chamber could no further go. That was the dying struggle. A few faint spasms, each fainter than its predecessor, followed, and last night the faintest of all ended in a no-quorum lapsed meeting, only two members being present besides the unpaid secretary, whose almost speechless patience might remind one, but for his sex, of a Niube all (but the) tears. The two members who were present as the only representatives of the corporate debtor, spoke pathetically to the secretary, and offered to take the twentieth part of the respon- sibility of a bill for the debt if other eighteen could be got to keep them company, and a bank would discount the paper. Or they would head a list of subscribers in aid of the removal of the terrible L33 19s 6d, if the secretary would go round with a list. But as we said before, there were only mild expiring spasms in the body of the thing that had given up its ghost long before. To such complexion has come the representative body of the mercantile interests of the second town in the colony, and all we can hope is, that as the commercial men of Ballarat seem to have lost all sense of what is due to this embodied reputation, some kindly folk, profes- sional or amateur, will come forward as soon as the Explorers' Monument is really finished, and give a performance on behalf of the chamber and its long suffering secretary, who cannot get his L33 19s 6d." Mr James Harvey, of the Custom House, having resigned hit appointment in the Civil Sirvice, a number of gentlemen in that depart ment presented lilm yesterday with a handsome watch and chain, with seals and medallion attached, bearing a Suitable inscription, manu factured of colonial gold. Supposing tho Ovens Constitution a good authority, " tlie colonies can well nfibrd to lose the thin cold wines of Geelong while tbe Upper Murray exists." The samo journal adds t: this oracular remark, which suits equally well tho Murray vlguoron and tlie Afurrny teetotaller, the following: — "Tlio vin'.nge is now pretty well over on the Upper Murray. Full accounts are not yet to hand, but we may mention the produce of the Corown vineyard (Sanger's) at 0240 "gallons from 13 acres of 4 yeais old— upwards of 470 gallons per acre." The Rev James Bsllautyno will deliver his next monthly lect ure in Brakino Church, Carl ton, to-morrow evening, at hulf-past six o'clock: — Su.ject: " Vessels of mercy nnd vessels of wrath ; or, God's Sovereignty and man's free agency in human destiny." We learn from tho Alercury that a meeting of mining managers was held at Daylesford on Thursday evening lost to consider the provisions of tlio new Trading Companies Statuto. The meeting generally was opposed to tlie ant in so far as it related to mining companies, and most of tlie speakers expressed an opinion that Fyke's Act wns tin only one which had been found to work well, nnd that it ought to be rc-enseted. Special excepti n was taken to tlie clause which required rails to bo sued for iu the Connly or Supremo Courts, It being contended that there ougiit to be liberty to rccovor the 11 at petty ses sions. Resolutions to that effect were carried, an amendment proposed iu favour of the now statute having been negatived. It was also agreed that n memorial should be forwarded to the Government, nsking them to frnmo a short bill this session exempting mining companies from tlie operation of tlio act. A death from burning is tliu3 reported in the Bailaarat Star ; — " Eliza Anne Harvey died on Wednesday, at licr parents' residence, Pleasant street, Bailaarat. Her deatli was caused by serous effusion into tlie pleura from severe and extensive burns, caused by her having acci dentally fallen into a fire on tlio 20th uliirao. The deceased was aged ten months, and tho daughter of Jolm and Prisciila Kawey. It appears that the child had been tied into a tail chair by her mother, while she went into tlie yard to attend to some clothing on tlie lines. On her return, she found the child aDd chtir had topp'cd over into the fireplace, tlio former being severely burned tn the face. She snatched tho child up, applied obvious remedies, nnd obtained 'h: nid ol Afr Diuioek surgeon, but the child gradually sank and died at ten o'clock on Wednesdny evening. Air Diinock ga>e tho 'medical evidence at the Inquest." An extensive burglary took place at Heath- cote on I ho night of Wednesday, at the store of Mr Craven. An entrance was effected by tlie thief or thieves. through tho shop window, rud property, consisting of. nine gold and silver watches, chains, brooches, cnrring3, pins, studs, senls, keys, twenty-six small nuggets, four ounces of fino gold, and n number of half- sovereigns was tuken from a box in Mr Cra ven's room. Tlie depredators fortunately for the proprietor, overlooked two bags of money repres.ntlng between two and tlireo hundred pounds. At the weekly meeting of the Exccutivo Committee of tho Immigrants' Aid Society held on Friday, the Superintendent made the follow ing repor: : — Number of inmates in the home ns reported last week, G25; admitted since, 01 ; persons who have received out door relief, 75 ; total relieved, 782; discharged from the home during the week, 04; total at present remain ing, 023 ; consisting of children chargeable to Government, 431; cases chnrgeabio to the society, 172. . At tho quarterly meeting of the Adelaide Chamber cf Cotnincreylicld in that city on the 2nd inst., Air Tomkinson, in seconding tlio motion for the adoption of tho report, niado tlie following tcinarks upon the Border Customs question : — " I am sorry to obscrvo vigns of hostility between the Governments of Victoria nnd New South Wales with respect to tin du'iei on goods crossing the Alurrny for Victoria. I have every con fidenco that our government will take a neutral position, nr.d maintain it under ail circumstances. The question is a sort of eolouialGerman-Danish-Sehleswig- Hols toin one, which we had hotter keep out of. Let the Riverine battle hi fougtit on tlie river tiy the belligerents. I nm anxious about thi3, because our government may yet be involved in tho river row, and think it their duty to protect our intiresti by retaliatory measures in the Mount Gambicr District. Now, considering tlio proxi mity of Port MacDonnell to tho Victorian border, and tbe increasing revenue derived from it, the peaco or that di'triot had better not bo disturbed by a tariff affray. It would bo advisablcra'hcr to submit to a temporary iacou- vcnience elsewhere. In fact, it would be good policy is subsidise nny conslbg steamers to call in at Port Macdomieil with and for mails, and so encourage botli goods nnd passenger trafliu with Adelaide. As to border custom-houses, I totally disapprove of them, and - maintain that goods having ones paid dutirs on tlio seaboard of a British possession, should lie allowed to fiml their way anywhere into tbo interior without further molestation. Until tho resnectivo Australian governments rt cognise this principle, there will be ,no end to disputes. . I am satisfied that it will bs highly advantageous to nil in tho long run to'adopt this givc-aud-take system." What Pierce Egnu would have called " n good flush hit" is udministered by nn Adelaide paper to the extravagant enthusiasts of the Kyte und Wilson stamp, in the following:— " It appears (incredible a3 it might be supposed), that Air ICyte's motion in the Assembly is actually and literally (of n votf cf money to send to England t!ckct-of- leave men;— thnt is to" sen! back to tlio mother country, in defiance of her laws and of her power, those very persons wh- m slio has legolly baulked. Of ccurso no colonial Governor could recommend a vote for such a purpose, nnd ns no it;m that Is not approved by tlie Governor can be plaecd on the cellmates, Air Kyte's proposition is a mere brutum fulmen. But it shows to what an extent passtsn has blinded judgment In Victoria, under the tutelage of men who allow their feelings to get tlio better of their reason." Again : — " We need not waste words upon what will generally he "consi dered in this colony na ill- considered and repre hensible couise of procedure. South Australia, lying r.oarc3t of oil tho csstern colonies to tlio Swan River settlement, is at least quite os much concerned as nny of them in keeping her neigh bour's felon population at n respectful distance; whilst tlie course that iho has invariably adopted with regard to the question at issue, renders any vindication of iicr principles and policy totally needles j. But there is n right and a wrong way, a wise aud a foolish way, of compassing a given object; and of ail unwiro and wrong- headed measures, thnt of seeking to coerce nnd intimidate tho Home Government by bsinlnatic threats of 'retaliation' appear to U3 the most Irrational," " 