OUR 8UHMAEY. The holiday season, which had fairly set in at the departure of the last mail, was continued with unusual zest into the first week of the nresent month. ' A summer of extreme mild ness, as iar as it nos yet gone, usb enaoieu tne :oloniata to enjo^r their annual festivities with unmixed pleasure. Christmas Daj, 2Tcw Year's Day, the annive^ary of the foundation of the colony, and aome other holidays were kept up with a devotion to outdoor pastimes which would have been almost impossible had the weather been as hot as it sometimes is at this season of the year, Instead of scorching north Kinds and dnststorms we hava had cool breezes, with occasional showers, during the greater part of the month. In local politico there has been nothing stirring since tho date of our last Summary, The Treasurer, of the colony is on a visit to Melbourne and Svdney, where it wa3 under stood he hsd been invited for the purpose of pining {in an Intercolonial Conference on the questiou of lighthouse*. But it now appears that the Victorian Government cither made no arrangements for this Conference, or made them so badly that they have fallen through. The Melbourne journals state that no meeting of delegates is likely to he held, and that it is doubtful wheth'er invitations were ever issued. We suppose full explanations will be given when the local Parliaments are called together At present it Eceins that another chapter has been added to. the history of fruitless inter colonial negotiations. But a more important question than this is affecting several of the colonies at the present moment. Their able-bodied population is being drawn away by offers cf land from the New Zealand Government, who arc anxious to settle the country which they are taking from the natives. Under the guise of enlisting volun teers for military purposes, officers in the pay of Ifer Majesty are at the present time calling upon the colo*nist3 of South Australia and Victoria to enter the service of (be 2few Zealand Government, who offer clothing, rations, pay, free passages, and blocks of land in the ^Vaikato territory to all who will undertake to occupy that country in the capacity of military settlers. As fhc object of these offers is to supply New Zealand with the best class of itomigraHts at a small cost, the colonists reasonably ? object to such an unfair scheme. In Victoria, where the Parliament is about to beassembled, it is expected that the Legisla ture wQl try to put a stop to the movement, or will, at all events, cause the Ilcme Govern ment to be asked whether the military autho rities of New Zealnnd have any right to lend their names and their sanction to the emigration schemes of the New Zealand Legislature. Our English Teadera will understand that the Aus tralian Colonies have done tluir utmost to assiBt the settlers of New Zealand in their struggle with tjie Maories. Troops, rifles, and ammunition haro been sent with the greatest readiness, andjrolunteers to any number would have been spared had there been any want of soldiers to keep the natives in check. But so different from, this is the case at the present time that Geiieral Cameron has recently dis« banded the local corps of volunteers, amounting to nearly 10,000 men, ' all of whom are well armed and under training, and could be called out at a moment's notice if required.' He has, in feet, so large a body of troop?, num bering, as they do, 19,000 Gghting men, that as far as the wa* is concerned, volunteers and militiamen are not necessary. From theBC facts it will be seen that it is not military assistance but population which the New Zealand Government want — population to fceep out the Jilaories, to clear tne iorestr- ind to cultivate the land of the northern island. Settlers for tics purpose are not likely to leave South Australia in any number; but the Vic torian journals arc complaining of the loss of 2,000 able-bodied men, two-third* of whom — to say nothing of their families— arj estimated fo have been brought to the colony at a cost to the Government of £15 per head. Here, then, is an intercolonial question of some im portance. We think that the Australian Government? ought to remonstrate with New Zealand, and' also lay the facts of the case before the Imp crial authorities. The news that the Home Government have resolved cot to edopt the recommendations of the Transportation Committee has been re ceived with great satisfaction. This decision is regarded as tantamount to a discontinuation of the convict Bjstem in Western Australia, for before the Committee sat it was well known that Jtbat system was not intended to be permanent. We hope the decision now armed at will hasten the adoption of some other mean3 for supplying Western Australia with population. A step in the right direction has teen taien by the Government of that colony, who have thrown open the land to the north on easy terms to persons desirous o- settling there. It is said that a Company in Victoria is preparing to occupy a large tract of this land in the neighbourhood of Camden Harbour. Some of our English readers will be inte rested in knowing that the Government have sanctioned a proposal made by Mr. Kewland for enabling persons in England to engage themselves a? servants to emplojers in the colonj , and thus to have their passages paid for them on the condition that they shall be repaid in deductions from wages. This arrange ment may be found useful on some, occasions, as it will enable Mr. Newland to supply any special demand for i-ervants on the receipt of a power of attorney from employers in the colony. Bat it must be understood that all persons thus sent out must possess the qualifi cations required under the immigration regula tions of the colony. They must be iu good health and of suitable age and character. The harvest which i3 now being gathered in will be a very abundant one. In some places the crops are exceedingly fine— not forty-five bushels to the acre, which the last number of the Edinburgh Review said was the usual yield in South Australia— but still something con siderably above the average. This is all the more satisfactory, because the flour market is bare, and the crops in New South ; Wale3 are a complete failure. As evidence of the great scarcity which pre vails in that colony, an Albury paper- dated January the 9:h, says there is quite an excitement in the Murray district re specting the supply of fljur. 'For several weeks there haa not been a bag to be got for love or money.' For some time ' rice and oatmeal have had to do duty for flour* and persons have had to send iuto Victoria; but have been unable to get a supply.' Twelve shillings and fifteen shillings per bushel for new wheat are spoken of; but a cargo from South Australia is looked forward to as a means of bringing down the price. There is every prospect, then, of there being a good demand for the abundant harvest which is now being reaped in this colony. During the month ecveral bush fires have occurred, one or two being of a very, disastrous character ; but, thanks to the mildness of the season, the number has not vet been so great is in previous years. The inquest on the latives who were shot in December, near Mount Deception, has resulted in a verdict to the jffect that Captain McKay was justified in iring upon the aggressors. It is now reported :hat fresh encounters have taken place further lortb, but we hope the rumour will prove to be groundless. -???-?? T From our annual 'retrospect, which we publish in other columns, it will bo seen that he revenue for the past year amounted to £631,700, showing an increase on the previous fear of £62,991; whilst the expenditure was £635,205.- The total imports for the year were E2.02S2S0 ; and the. total. x ports, £2,358,817- From other figures it will be seen that the esti nated population of the colony at the end of 1863 was 1-10,942, against 135,329 at the end jf 1862. The Albert TowEB.-On Monday we inspected it the City Council Chamber the address which the Council some time ago decided to forward to Mis Excellency the Governor with respect to the albert Tower. It is engrossed on a broad sheet of parchment, and the penmanship . lias been well executed by Mr. W. D. Claston. At the foot are the signatures of His Worship the Mayor, the Lfouncillors, and the Town Clerk, flanked by the Corporation seaL The upper part of it is to be beautified with a representation of the Town Hall, showing the ashlar face. We saw on Monday a proof of the photopnaph intended to occupy this prominent position. It is the work of the Adc. (aide Photographic Company, and has been taken from a desijrn prepared by Mr. Wood, partner of Mr. E. W. Wright. The point of observation is Victoria-square, and the perspective of the tower and face is admirably hit off. At the meeting of the Council on the 25th January the following anticipative reply from His Excellency was re ceived, coupled with a request that it should be allowed to appear in the papers :— 'South Australia, Government House, January 25, 1861. -. 'Gentlemen— I receive with extreme pleasure your address announcing the dedication: of the 'Albert Tower,* about to be erected in front of the Town Hall, to the memory of the late* Prince Consort of Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen. 'Nothing could be more appropriate than the action you have taken in exhibiting. your affec tionate loyalty to our beloved Sovereign, and in thus honouring the memory of the lamented Prince, whose chief aim during life was to improve* the condition of the people and to promote their best interests. - : .. \ ??' 'The address which you have been pleased to ' hand to me shall be forwarded by. the outgoing mail steamer to His Grace the Secretary of State for the Colonies, and it will doubtless be another evidence to Her Majesty of the wide-spread and heartfelt affection and veneration with which her subjects regard the memory of the. late excellent and lamented Prince. .:.??-??? 'I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, 'Your most obedient servant, . .'D. Daly, Governor.' The Albert Bells.— Copies of the following circular have .been sent to the Agent-General and other persons likely to aid the movement in the mother-country:— ? . ?. .' . '?.'?'? 'City of Adelaide, South Australia. 'The' Council having, resolved. ? to name, the tower now erecting in front of the Town Hall 'The Albert Tower,' in honour of the late Prince Consort of our Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, it has been determined to provide a peal of eight bells to be placed in such tower, to be named ' The Albert Bells,' and an influential Committee has been formed to collect subscriptions for the pur chase and fixing of the same. There being many South Australians now in England who take 'a deep interest in the affairs of the colony, it is be lieved that they will kindly aid the local ellort now being made to revive old associations, many of the colonists having left the 'mother-country for a number of years, and may never see it again. The Agent- Gentral of the colony has been requested to receive donations : and F. H. Fauiding, Esq., ex-Councillor for Hiudmarsh Ward, Adelaide, who is proceeding to England by the mail taking this, will also act in that capacity, or the same may be forwarded to the colony direct, or to the Mayor or Hon. Sec. ''On behalf of the Albert Bells Committee. 'Samuel CrOOUK, Mayor. ' \V. A. Hughes, Town Clerk, Hon. Sec. 'Adelaide, January 20, lSt-4.' SUPI'LEMESTART Lo.VN FOR TOWN* H.VLL.— PllT- suunt to adjournment, a poll was opened at the Council Chamber on Monday morning, at 10 o'clock, to allow ratepayers to record their votes respecting the propriety or otherwise of borrowing an additional sum for the Town Hall. The adver tisement intimated that the questions to be decided were whether the amount should be £(,000, £1.000, or ju7. It appeared, however, that this was improperly stated, and that the alterna tive was only betweeu the two amounts, jE4,000 and £1,000. His Worship the Mayor presided at the poll during part of the day, but was relieved by Councillors Thomas and Buik. The Town Clerk's Assistant, the Valuator, and others assisted the President. There was an abundant supply of voting-papers, and everything passed on' quietly. The poll closed at 4 o'clock, and at a quarter to 5 His Worship declared the result as follows:— Number of persons voting in favour of the £4,000 loan, ?2M-; do. in favour of £1,0(10, 00; majority for £4,000, 236. Number of votes recorded in favour of £4,000. 1,023; do. in favour of £1,000, 210; majority for £4,000, 7SX His Worship, therefore, declared the motion in favour of borrowing £4,000 in addition to the £10.000 carried. wreck of the aliaamjer.— a telegram trom Japtain Malcolm tojMr. R.M. Tapley, received on Honday morning, states that the fore part of this ?essel is split, but that it is expected she will -e got off the reef next tide. The bricks and sand lad been pitched over board, but the stores had -een landed by lighter. Smallpox at Kaxuaroo Island.— There is a j ?umour that information has reached the Govern nea: of the existence, to some extent, of small pox at Kangaroo Island. It is known that Dr. Duncan has proceeded to the island in the Blanch, and his sudden departure, without any cause assigned, gives force to the apprehensions of the timid as to the prevalance of this terrible disease in that locality. Acquittal of Captain Saunders.— The Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide has received the fol- lowing telegram from his son-in-law, Captain Saunders, of the 12th Regiment, upon whom it will be remembered that a very protracted Court-Martial was held at Sydney on the prosecution of his Colonel:— 'I am acquitted, and attend Church parade to-morrow.' We are sure that this result, although generally anticipated, will afford great satisfaction to the gallant Captain's friends here. Bush Fire. —A bush fire occurred on the Pekina run on January 17th, which started at Maurice's Hill and burnt in the direction of Bowda, about 60 square miles of country, some huts, and fences. After devastating the country for about 20 hours the further ravages of the fire were stopped by a change of wind, and rain falling heavily soon ex tinguished the flames. l«o sheep were destroyed, '- and the immense exertions of the overseer and ; men alone prevented Tarcowie head station from ! being burnt. . ! Recruits fob New Zealand.— Captain Hunter , opened his enlistment office at the Globe Inn on I Monday, where candidates for the New Zealand militia are invited to apply daily between 10 and 4 o'clock. There were about 40 applicants, a large proportion of whom, as might have been expected, were ineligible. At the close of the business hours Captain Hunter had enlisted 2S recruits, three of whom, it h said, are married men. Another Old Colonist Removed.— By out* obituary notice it will be seen that Mr. J. H. Eichman, J.P,, has been removed by death at the ripe age of 74. 31r. Riclinian was one of the oldest practitioners at the Bar. and for many years filled the office of Clerk to the Bench of Magistrates. He died at Warnbunga on the 21st instant. Stow Memorial- CHCKCH.-The attention of architects is directed to an advertisement issued by the Committee for the Stow Memorial Church. Bush Fire.— Our Kapunda correspondent refers in another column to a second bush lire, which broke out on Mr. Outton's station last Friday, and which spread over several miles, consuming a large amouut of feed. The origin of the £re is not known. Wallaroo and Kadtna Railway.— We under stand that Mr. J. B. Austin has been appointed Manager of the Wallaroo and Kadina Railway. The Treasurer in Melbourne.— The following is taken from the Argius:— 'It is quite problema tical whether the visit to Melbourne of Mr. Hart, the Treasurer of South Australia, will expedite the holding of an Intercolonial Conference. The hon. gentleman, it appears, has simply taken this city en route to Sydney, to which place he proceeds without submitting any credentials to our Govern ment. We believe that although South Australia, in answer to the overtures of Victoria on the sub ject of the erection of a lighthouse at Cape Bridge water, suggests the propriety of a Conference on coast-lighting generally, it has not indicated any desire as to how far the matter should be discussed or what colonies should be represented. In the event of another Intercolonial Conference being determined on, the propriety of levying duties on River Murray traffic will probably form one of the subjects for deliberation.' Victoria Theatre.- The entertainment by the West Adelaide Dramatic Club will be given tbi3 evening, for the benefit of the wives and families of soldiers sent from Adelaide to New Zealand. The members of the Club who are to appear in the three iwell-selected pieces to be performed this evening have been sedulous in their rehearsals; and, apart from the gratification of serving a laud able object, their patrons may reasonably expect an entertainment well worth witnessing. . ' Theatrical.— Miss Joey Gougenheim has been playing to crowded houses at Geelong. Mr. Barry Sullivan's great burlesque and pantomime, pro. duced at Christmas, still continues attractive. The genuine ghost of Professor Pepper has been exhi bited at a private stance at the Princess's Theatre. The affair was managed by ah accredited representative of the patentee, and the effect pro duced is described as magical, even to making one sense the fool of another. The lady who acted as the image sang a stanzi, and the Iip3 of the reflection being seen in motion, spectators were irresistibly lea to believe, notwithstanding a knowledge to the contrary, that the sounds they heard issued from the reflection which appeared in a direction opposed to that where the singer stood. . , Wentworth.— The correspondent of the Argus at Wentworth writes on January 4:— 'The steamers Albury and Gundagai arrived here on Saturday last from the Upper Darling, each laden with 900 bales of wool, the whole of which is con signed to Melbourne via Kchuca; but this is not a tithe of what has coma down -the Darling this seson, and more yet remains to come. In addition to this, there has been nearly 2,0003ons of general merchandise arrived at Wentworth during the past six months, and other cargoes are now daily ex pected. Further than this, thereJiave crossed the Darling at Wentworth, during the past* fortnight, 50,000 sheep, and 100,00ft more are now close at hand, and. will i-e crossed during the next three weeks, some for stations on the Darling, others for the Murrumbidgee and Loddon Rivers ; yet strange, with all this trade passing in the district, we are utterly neglected by the Syduey Govern ment; we have no telegraph, no bridges, no formed roads, no public buildings; in short, any improve ment made in the district is. done solely by private napuiii; uuuur uuvuruuieuii uu lor us is to provuie us with a miserable postal communication and a most inefficent police I force. Yet we in the Riverine districts are expected to bear all and say nothing; but 1 think the Sydney Government will find, now that we have commenced to try and obtain our rights, that we will not be easily put ou the shelf again, and left to shift for ourselves.' The Brewer Mine.— The following abstract of Captain Prisk report on the Bremer Mine, dated January 11), has been sent to us for publication:— 'In handing my report for the month, I am happy to say that the mine is still in an improving state. The. south end at the 53-fathem level is driven across the lode about 7 fathoms, the most of which '.rill make a profit in taking away. This is what we term the big bunch. The ore at this level appears to be of a higher class than in the levels above. The end in the level 53, north of the engine-shaft, has greatly improved. We have driven through a gopd lode. of. ore, both over and under the slide. The ore is a rich peacock, mixed with white sandy- quarts arid priam, easy for driving; and I am in hopes that, this lode will take us away north under thahard ground until we lose it. I think this may be reasonably hoped for, as the ore has shot away 10 fathoms farther north at this level than in the one above. The engine:shaft. is: beinp sunk r under the; S5.' The ground is rather -bad for. sinking at present, but promises better, having several strings of ore running across the shaft. The 43 end is holed io Lean's Shaft. The lode lasted good until within about a fathom or two of the shaft, showing that the lode is lengthened at this level. The flat is commenced. As soon' as finished we intend driving a short distance east and west,' to see if we can meet with any other lodes. We have driven a short distance north. At the 43 the lode is poor,. but the, ground is easy for driving. . The winzes in the bottom, of the 43 are looking favourably in smking; the stopes. are also good. Quantity of ore raised and dressed, 240 tous' for four weeks. The engine and machinery are work ing well. The dressing goes on satisfactorily^ The smelting has; been, nearly stopped th:s month from the want i of wood, the carters eing busy with the harvest jnst now. We hope soou, how ever, to start thefiirnaces again.' ' ? ; ' ' INSOLVENT-COURT.— In the Insolvency Court on Monday, January 25, a second-class certificate wa_ awarded to Thomas Long, of the Light, labourer, but to be suspended for two years on account of a previous insolvency in 1859; a second-class certi ficate, suspended for.six months, was awarded to S. J. Tuthill, of MorphettVale, labourer; and a third-class certificate ta Stephen Stacey, of Port Augusta, licensed victualler, in consequence of the very unsatisfactory account given by him of his estate. The~ final hearing of C. Q. , Bruce was adjourned till the following day. ' . Municipal Council.— The ordinary meeting oj the Adelaide City Council was, held on Monday afternoon, commencing after'tlie declaration of the result of the poll alluded, to in another para graph... His,AV'orship and all the Councillors were present A considerable amount of routine business was transacted. A letter from the Gas Company notified their intention to supply North Adelaide .with gas, and requested permission to carry pipes across, the City Bridge, which was referred to the Surveyor. A communication from G. S. Walters was read, statins the difficulty of disposing of the Town Hall bonds in England, and recommending that they should not be sent there for sale. It was ordered that steps should be taken towards having a cut stone front; substi tuted for that muvided for in the nresent contract. rarbus other matters being disposed of, the touncil adjourned for three weeks. Methodist New Connexion Literart and ?hllosophical Society.— The Rev. J. Maughan ielivcred a lecture on AVednesday, the 20th instant, n McKinlay's Travels across Australia. He -egan by stating that geographical exploration ras interesting to Englishmen because of their nnate curiosity, their commercial cupidity, their eputed scientific skill, and their national and latriotic aspirations. Twenty years ago four great teographical problems were engaging the atteution if the world, viz., the existence of a north rest passage to the Pacific Ocean, the. nature -f the interior of South Africa, the Sources of he Nile, and the character of Central Australia. Since then every one of these )roblems had been solved by Englishmen, having stated the reasons for fitting out McKinlay'i, expedition, he passed on to give a succinct and interesting account of its travels. Ehe partv started from Adelaide vis Kapunda for Blanchewater, then almost the extieme limit of :ivilization. At this place McKinlay received his supplementary stores, ' which hail been forwarded Erom Adelaide via Port Augusta, and here he also purchased 100 sheep, which were driven with the party. These sheep most probably saved the whole of their lives. Mr. McKinlay had informed him that with such sheep he would not hesitate to travel through any part of this great continent. The lecturer then described the perilous journey of Hodgkiusoa and Middleton through the 50-mile desert, the meeting of the party with natives, who directed their leader to the graves of Burke and Wills at Cooper's Creek, and their rinding of poor Gray's crave. He further referred to the priva e orders of the party to search for some suspected gold-field, explained how they were frustrated in this search, and the reasons which induced them to go forward to the Gulf of Carpentaria. He detailed many of the interesting and amusing incidents that 'transpired by the way, referred to the loss of Kirby with the sheep for several days amongst the mountains, tracked the party down the Lcichardt to the Northern coast, described the privations and sufferings of the party on their return through 'Queensland to Port Denisqn, followed them across the Burdekin in the midst of -the alligators, and accompanied them from Port DenisoD, via Kockhampton, Sydney.and Melbourne, to Adelaide. Mr Maughan stated that lie came from Mcl Itourne in the same steamer with McKinlay and hii party, from whom he Rained much of the interesting and valuable information which he detailed. The lecture concluded with several practical remarks on the advantages cf energy and Derseverance. 