(To the' ditor Zd ',f t Gso lsltmd Times.) lln,--Allow se. lspr:e fos somae remerks in answer to your oorrealsondent "Gladiator," cwhte sigasture is sufeicient to identify him nith the isrtistas of thse clnee hIe ndoeates. So long as, with mit-statemenlts for facts, and quibbling argument for logic, they can inlduce the public to swallow their theories, so loog their venom is supprssed, or confines itself to breath asnd paper; so soon as they are met with truth and reason to an extent threatening to be effectual, so soon are thley ready to fly to thle extreme of brutal violence of which a gladiator is a true type. As " Gladiatosr" seemnts not to know clearly whast edou lntion is, it is natural that he should deem others equally ignoratt,-lhence his specious attempts to mise lead on the point. He certainly tells us what he sup poses education is not, but he fails to tell us what it is aud one good loeiivi delflition foulnded on fact would be worthl a crowd of negative and theoretical ones. He tells us " arithlmetic will not bestow Ihonesty." I admit this, but what is to be deduced from it ? I can say withll equal truth, "lIonesty will not bestow arilthmnetice," and whasnt of that ? It would be equally useful and equally true to say "a foot rule will not bestow a load of timber." Such statementls as these are like chips in porridge ; but when "Gladiator" triesa more ambitious senltence he shoulu be careful to etick to facts. Hid says, "Such education (not having defined edu ention) tirrongs our streets with the pitiable victims of degradation, crowds our jails with iufamuy, spreads its pestilential influence tlroughlout the colony, and is the cause olI hushraunging thlroughout the length and breadth of the land." This is on ugly list of consequences eer tainly0 and the more so as springing from an indefinite cause ; but, Mr. Editor, I challenge "Gladiator" to explain the meaning and prove the truth of his state. ments: and if he fail to do so, I shall consider him in his own words "free and unfettered by sacred truth." If Ithoe paragraph from whilch I have been quoting means anythting beyond sound. and nonsense, it means that though a little arithmesie, grammar, and geography, with a smattering of classics, polished off with a little music and dancing, will not bestow honesty, guide chil dren to speak tle truth, nor even warn them to avoid the hIunts of vice; yet that the little &e.; will throng our streets with victims of degradation, will crowd our jails with infamy, will spread its pestilential aufluence tlhroughout the coliosy, and is the cause of bushreaging. We are not told whetlher a good deal of these supposed elements of education would have a different effect from a little ; perhl:aps thie dose is not largeenough to do good. But if ti!e question is not one of quantity, though we may admit tshe truth of the aboe rnegative onsequences, can any tlhinking person admit thie positive ones withlout proof? At all eventse, I call upon "Gladiator" to prove the truth of thie latter, or to staed convicted on hiis own letter as a reckless promulgatorofunfouuded statements. It is certainly a great admission that "some may assert that bushrenging exists most in that colony in which the colonists have had an opportunity of receiving religious instruction in school." Well, I think it very likely thlat somaen, and indeed a good many, would make such an as sertion, and a still greater number will admit its truth but wlhat trhen P Are thie two collateral facts which this statement contains to be taken as cause and effect ? Tihe existence of bushrenging and the existence of religious instruction in thie same place? If so, either the bush ranging is thie cause of the religious instruction or vice sersa. " Gladiator" may draw whichlever conclusion ihe likes, but he has no right to deduce any further one wilbout establishing further premises. After all, tie system that has produceda"Gladiator"mayalsohave pro duced buolrangine. Thle iden that "Gladiator" seems to have tried to ex pound is, that children left without mentalphysic of some sort are sure to beeome immoral; and tlhat thle only physic that can be electusil is a sound religious education. Now for the sake oo argument, admitting the first of these propositions, will " Gladiator" define acurately what a sound religious aelucation is, and sow it works; if Ihe fail to do so, he places hIimself in the position of a charlatan advocating a quack moral medi cine. Surely a Rlomanistcould not consider the Anglican eatechism a sound part ofedueation, nor sice versa. On my part I submit that aorality can and does exist, en elusive of seetarian religion, and may be taught without it; that all the commonly receirved forms of religion are sectarian, and more or Jeass nstually antagonistic tl se at suchl religion as tends to ill-will, and introduces niob violence into a free counatry, is unsound, injurious to liberty, opposed to morality, and an evil to the state; that religion to the extlent that an infant can appreciate it not only can be, but is best s*aught at shome. These principles may be called mere matters of opinion; I deem them self-evident facts, and deduce from them the opinion that the system thie bishlops would introduce would do more hIarm tlhan good to tthecommunity; and I am confident, notwithstanding the resolutions of any, number of packed meetings, that a.large portion of tise people hold the same opinion as myself. I p0lerfectly agree wtht "Gladiator" tisat it is absurd to imagine a variety of religious to be taught in one school unless the schlolars are intended to despise all equally : and this very idea should be suificient reason for thIe careful exclusion of matters on whichl so manty differ, from a system intended to be applicable to every mem ber of the school. And the picture of boys bewildered by contradietory creeds and diseordant dogmas, as an illuatrattou of the national school system of teaching. is so palpably false (suchl confusion, indeed, being thie very thing that is successfully sought to be avoided by the present'national school system), that one is surprised to find euel a picture eshibited by anyone who expresses a veneration for sacred truth., "Gladiator" thoagh starting, like his mastae?, witht pVb1au11Vss w b CIlulQuji on ect rays nsmeisj as one of tile bishops' mob ; and, strange though it be, our present bishops are by no means the first who, speaking peace and love, have been supported by gladiators pre pared to do violent acts in what they please to call the cause of sacred truth. The inquisition itself, when con demning men to be burnt, hands them over to the civil power to do it. Our bishops, as they cannot get the civil power to carry out their notions, in Christian hu mility condescend to use an uncivil power. Of course " Garibaldian" is to meet the fate he himself foresaw, and be roasted like the monkey he talked of, for not st counbing to the wishes of a self-constituted master, who is at best a man. " Gladiator" accuses him of falsity without proving it. What is the reasouable conclusion ? It is very appropriate for a Garibaldian to be attacked by a gladiator-tho simile is one of the ideas that can be admitted to be good, for tie Garibaldini rose up against tyranny both ay and priestly, and were met with murderous weapons by ruffians under priestly influence, and often in priestly pay. But "Gladiator" making so much outof grammar, should try to acquire a little of it, though it may not have formed part of tie sound riligions education he doubtless received. Surely lie never intended to say as lie does (without having specifically mentioned any let ter), '" Thie writer' of this hi:ter," i.e." Gladintor" him ellf, " erels,.&c.;" Grammar, strictly applied, fetens on himself the statement that his own mind is unfettered by truth. The last pariaraph of "Gladiator's" letter needs but little comment. Those who have attenderd I h meetings lie refers to, know how those mecltiipg were constituted, by shom packed, and how rmuch their resolutions are worth. Those who are acquainted with Dr. Tufnell know what his statements are worth, and what amount of authority he ever hadl, and how far less he can now bouot of, over the Church of England people. We, the supporters of tle present system of education, firmly believe that we have oan absolute majority of the entire people in our favour, and an overwhelming majo rity of those able and willing to examine the question at issue. If the voice ofjustice has been or is being stifled in Queensland, the perpetrators of the foul deed ar the bishops and tie unreasonable mob that obeys them. " Gladiator" puts in the mouth of Lamartine the dying speoeh of a woman brought to the sca.iold by the ty ranical action of a mob government, siani fails to see the applieation of it; perhaps a sound religious eduralion can dispense with listoriral accuracy as well as with reasoning. Witl regard to the bone and sinew of Ipl'ich (thel jaw-bone was certliuly there, thougha ot allowed fair play), I declare, as an eyVe-witllnes, tllt tie crowd al luded to in these terms contained a large number of ad verse opinions to the bishops', and that the portion of it which supported the bishops, comprised from its higlist to its lowest individuuls, men not belonging to Ipswich at all; and that many fces in thle crowd indicated greater brutality and less intelligence than many a black fellow owns-good gladiators, no doubt. The mob that disgraced Ipswich was not there to express the opinions of its members (if they held any), but to endorse the sentiments and desires of Dr. Quinn. They sought not to obtain any rights, but to enlnrce the demands oftheir priests. Such people are nore unworthy of the rights of a free Government thon those twho are indiferent ; and truly the majority of the people will deserve thelons of liberty if they remaiin apthetie. The flourish of trumupets that " Gladiator" ends with, is oi a par with the untmeaning yells by which the un reasoning priest-led mob announced the retirement of their opponents, and the capture of time glorious trophy of tie day-the plain deal table. "Gladiator," whefi you lay down the sword (or the cudgel) to take up the pen, you forget your T9vation, Ne utor ultra crr]eidam. When you attempt to argue in print against truth and reason, you forget that you alrn no longer addressing a mob paoked with your followerro who will swallov whatever you teoll them, and hunt like a wild beoot.ony man you point your finger at. As you Ofight in the true spirit of a bravo incognito I feel no shame in meeting you equally veiled, and beg to subsecribe myself GHOST. 