CHRISTMAS. Front the Sldney Illustrated News. Or all :commemorative seasons 'corn mend iis to merry: Christmas. .'Ve want no historical "criticism -in -the premises : it is enough that the ante cedent, idea (disenthralled from dimn dogmas 'and unrealities) is' to 6'.usthe imaged and humanized type: of Di vine goodness. *Who questions the authority of its official .investiture ? -who refuses his part in the univer sal homage ? Hail :to its advent ! Memory and hope-tihe past 'and the future--blend in its promise of mani's immortality. Yes, we shall celebrate millions of 'Christmases .yet.un umun 'bered,--where, we :know not ; but somewhere certainly. Sensation, self-' motion, intelligencce, power, soul, spirit, in dividuality, know no pause- lhaveend less exi.tence. Thought of thoughts ! -thrilling wvith isnbliimityl:. Christ. mas' is'. one of 'the most exhilarating of all the reli^iois'ideas of the age it is, in faCt; the initial .idea, robed in the primal lights of our faith.. 'It:is eminently and essentially Christian ' its pe'rs4uasive, illuminating, 'and moral infiuiences point is to gladness as well as' purity. Hail to its 'advent I! leap inm over every barrier which arbitirary rules have created between the classes, laughing aristocratical .fr6wns' out of countenance, melting. the. glaciers ftomAlpine heights into graceful luxu riance for. slopes and valleys, kindling in all hearts lkindred emotions, anid giving', additional impetus tob a pro gressive world. See how it levels re strictive distinctions born 'of the dust, dividing and balancing human power I Instinct xwith high and holy thoughts and godlike. motives, it bieathes 'on our common b tnianity, and 10o we leap from our mangers, discharge our missions, exidure our Gethsemanes, brave our' criosses, anid moiunt into glory I We joy in wishing the sovereign People a ' inmerry Chr·istmas !' (' Res ponds the fraternity,, So mote it be !' The twventy.fifth- instant. will be 'the issue.of eighteen :hunlied :'ind'sixty four. ancestral. worthies, all flotwing into i? rife w~ith hallowed iremiiniscences: The family tree`' already protrudes its ,foretoDste brauehes-rinito >the, dawn:of itts' .s tntieth cen tu y.: i: :ii the twi light of the eve :oftheli ageAdcparting, wve hear the stroke of 'the' pjassing hour by, Nature's" timepiece-' What is't o'clock :!'anid wherefore, should n'ot thewatchmaii cry out 'All's wewell!' What arethe- present characteristics, the forri'fs huies, iproportions,l' expres sions; iiiipipulses, influences ?-whait can be said of ,the populir; phases of human development: ?P--what of: the march of mankind to freedom ? : The - Western World responds withl buglis, ' fifes, and drumins, and blood-stained 5 banner- folds. Martial-. music'is plea sant enough:if it be not; over the dead and; dying, with- mouirnful :cries- of widows and orphans..s " Christmas' in-; battle-fields ?--iather saymDevilmass ! "What' repdrts from. expatriated Poles: in .Siberian clhains`what "from ;.de feated Danish valour, ';here' imight is. right ?'-what of' Napoleii ardiid'Gari-, baldi ?: Are we not'loyal with.:all'due fealty to happy :,Christias,' albeit we: sympathise<: with l .:brotheris of other' lands whose 'sorrows cir?cle'the ; day there. with gloom ?` .Thoughts sget entangled; perforce,wvith =foieign ide alities, and on'e linkileads -to another, extending throughout the chain :' man must philosophize. Henice, we en.' quire, What is the' worl'd'volunteering - in - arms :for"- what ::caie :it.". iean ? M1agniifying anda i'iinifying gl,?sses fail our enquiring" vision I :. It. -is very: puzzling '! ?We knriow'that ,all space r is e?centrid witlh ideas' -as well as all Europe; but who cain disAriver tiAu" lY Earnest' speculation'is 0loo iu ia:ltitu dinous nebul :,x We ca n?" clistin guish thehstars o eitihe' ..e, " of our "focus.' 'All is': beivilderu enut ! We'e have heard that b'oysfrorom the bottou: ofa vwell have seen"stars ,.t noonday Let ius, therefore, go dowt: i Ott the' 'solemni depths 'of nature to seek an observatory. Our rieadekrs riill not be surprised by: the doctrine of nervous influence extending from every ::ian's centre to his electric, ieiiphely3 Thbey. kknow the physical ielation wve bear to voltaic nature:' There is fuiýthe' pih losophy. -We .po0ssss: a moe :subtle' substance within: called iind spirit. Perhaps it reserhibles tihe'priinuni no bile, in: that it ' is' 'supposed to act thirough the niedidim'of electficity on grosser matter:. Let those who are reckless of the' affiuencde .of intellec tual power-who. have 'ever'l calcula ted its cubic greatness as ;caipable of an ilnfinite expansion-.conhtent? 'themi selves with Egjyptiiian papyri,; :arid study the 'allhabet of natiors. We rathei prefer:that Volume 'where6f all: recognised'sciences are but :the pire face. , We really do believe in the growth of miah. Not that "ie 'would be understood to object to 'uit share of the spoils of thepast: 'a We love to, play with the -very same .mai?rbles which so much ?amuised: the ;anciednt philosophers; admire thedecentii re turn to fashion of . classical ?beads; and often converse with.the ghosts of antiquity; but our genius, sIuch a. it' is, is germane to onwaid tenlencies. We :obeythe tiuimpet-call to the: fir itue which, souiinds iii: ou cars While celebrating a: Christmas ;: f :Rail ways, Telegirapil :Wieies;A :and 'J.A~e o. riauts, we cannot look black?,? ldc. It is trine that. we are not jet navigating the ocean of atmosphere -not .et taking ou ?tr breakfastin Sydue, diiier ii' L`ondon, and 'siupper in Palestine.: We have been too much `flfui 'ed`. with comnierce, finance, and electioneeiin? : but see ivhatli he next:Pii'ianent will in its ~visdom: biing forth. Sp eriamus melwoia ! 