oeafs ior er. hOLLY CAREV. Br amU TLSeL (BsCad Poetry of Ireltad.) th hone ! and whit will I do t'ure my Ire is a3l crst. Lie a bas in the frost; And there's no use at all in my going to bel, For 'tis d~raes and not sleep that comes into my head And'tis all abnt you, My sweet Molly Carew And indeed 'tis a sin and a shame! You're ?omplater than Sature In every feature, The snow can't compare With your forehead so fair, And I rather wo;ld see just one bhnk of your eye, Than the prettiat s:ar that shines out of the sky, And by this and by that, Far the matter o' that, You're mo?e distant by far than that same ! Och bone ! we rasthr : I'm alone in this world without yo . Och bone! but why sbould Ispake Of your forehead and eyea, When your nose it defies Paddy Blake, the schoolmaster, to pot it in rhyme, Tho' there ~ one Btisas, he says, that would cal it anublime; And then for your cheek, Troth 'twould take him a week, It's be anties to tell, as he'd rather; Then your lips! oh, machree l In there bean.iful glow, They a pattern might be For the cherries to grow. Twas an apple that tempted our mother, we know, For apples were scarce, I suppose, long ago, But at this time o'day, 'Pon my coneceoce I'll say, ochb cherries might tempt a man's father ! Och hone! weirastbru ! I'm alone in this world without you. Och bone! by the man in the moon, You taze me all ways That a woman can plate, For you dance twice as high with that thief, Pat Magee, As when you take share of a jig, dear, with me. Tho' the piper I bate, For fear the owld cheat WTouldn't play you your fa?ountle tu e. And when you're at mass, Mly devot on you cras. For 'tis thinking of you, I am, Molly Carew. r hire you wear, on purpose, a bonnet so deep, That I can't at your sweet party face get a peep,. Oh, lase off that Lonnet, Or else I'll lare on it The loss of my wandering sowl ! Och hone ! weirasthru I Oeh hone I like an owl, Day is night, dear to me, witho.t you! Och hone! don't provokeme to do it ; For there's girl ly the s-ore That laoa a me-and more, And you'd look very quare if some morning you'd meet My wedding all marchingln pride down the street, Troth, you'd open yonr e, es, And you'd die with surprise To think'twasu't you was come to it! And faith, Katty H'aile, And her cow, I go bail, Would jump if I'd say "Eatty Naile, name the day," And tho' yoe,'re fair and fresh as a morning in May, While she's short and dark like a cold winter's day; Yet if you don't repent Before Easter, when Le:.t Is over, 'II' marry for spite, Och bone! weirasthru! -And-when I die for you, My ghost will baunt you every night. 