The Sydney Morning Herald MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1864. OUR Victorian neighbours are now amidst the turmoil and agitation of a general election. For the first time thut law will receive a practical test, through which i.a effort has been made to improve the charactei of constituencies by im- posing upon them some simple conditions. We believe that these have led to a great reduction ia the numbers on the electoral roll. When the Government, at a large expense, thought proper to send round constables to collect the names of voters, there was more danger of a double enumeration than of serious omissions. But when it is necessary that the elector should i go to the office of registration, sign his own name and pay a shilling for his certificate, he haB some little trouble to qualify himself to choose the legislators of his country. How small the estimate of this privilege except ex- cited by inflammatory speeches or promises of beer, ÍB strongly indicated by the reduction of the roll. That this will be a benefit to the country who can possibly doubt? Gan any one question that persons who, upon a calm and do- mestic consideration of the public interests, will not cross the threshold to vote or spare a shilling (the sacrifice of four nobblers), are unworthy of a trust? Who can df.ubt that they are not qualified in- tellectually or morally to step in when great concerns are at stake, and to give by the weight of their sudden rush a preponderance to that party who best practises upon their ignorance, or most lavishly scatters among them impassible promises ! The outcry made in favour of uni- versal suffrage with all its taggings is shown conclusively then to be factitious,-to be the cry not of the excluded class, but of those who wish to convert them into instruments of their personal ambition. Were that sentiment of deep patriotism which has been sometimes ascribed to moving, often vagrant, voters, a fact, the first thing a new arrival would do, after taking his lodging, would be to make sure of his vote. But the feeling does not exist, because, in reality, the sense of grievance from which that feeling would spring is ex- tremely feeble. The poor man in his normal condition is conscious of no such oppression as his pretended advocates describe. He is per- I fectly well aware that in the race of capital and I labour his chances are at least equal to those of his employer. He knows that under the British Government no one can interfere with his freedom without finding it a costly pastime. Where he does occasionally experience injustice it is precisely at that point which is remote from the arena of politics, and results from social influence which no political system can control. As education extends, and property follows the wake of intelligence, the number of electors will be safely multipliad. The lowedt stratum of society may thus yield the fruits of genuine patriotism. Unless, however, education is diffused among the people, and unless from attachment to the eountry in which they live they are brought to feel that its permanent welfare is of more consequence than any class-advantage to be obtained at the moment, they are not safe depositaries of political power. To the reform effected in Victoria it is im- possible to offer any objection in. good faith, because the law haB confided to the individual the power of clothing himself with the privilege of voting. He cannot turn round and say that he has been reduced to serfdom-that political power is denied him although he con- tributes to the revenue-that an overbearing class has snatched from him his birthright. All these old phrases are utterly inapplicable. If he cannot vote at an election, it is because he , has not chosen to register his name-because he would not walk the length of the street and pay a shilling. There are introduced into the Victorian Bill regulations which are certainly calculated to diminish abuses. The certificate of the voter must be produced. Personation is, therefore, not so easy, nor can he vote a second time at the same election. These are practical advantages which may be I well coveted, inasmuch as every fraud of this kind ÍB a serious injury to society, and tends to great demoralisation and disorder. It is very possible that the change in the law may not very materially alter the character of Victorian politics as a theory. It/ia not so much the radical propositions that society has to dread as the radical spirit. It is not so much those who , wish to bring everything into political sym- metry with a certain theory of human rights, as those who desire to move the masses to engage in a conflict with the immutable laws of industry and property upon which the public wealth of every country must depend for its increase and safety. The danger is not that the masses will set out with a design to ruin _ the country, but lest they should be induced, in search of imaginary benefits, to forego those which are possible and lasting. Every step in our experience has proved that we have more to fear from men of unscrupulous, though most inconsistent and contradictory, politics, than from the theorists. These have a scheme which, if it is not practicable in itself, nevertheless recognises those general rights and principles of human society which if preserved make all political systems in small communities (for it is otherwise in great nations), more matters of dispute than of vital im- portance. Will the people of Victoria choose more care- fully their representatives than heretofore ? They have certainly had a lesson. It has been repeatedly stated, and we believe never contra- dicted, that some score members of the Victorian Assembly were bought over on one occasion, and that this purchase resulted in the passing of a measure which otherwise would have no chance of success. Of course no one can look at such a possibility without a doubt aribing whether representative institu- tions are precisely adapted. But if money is to be spent in corruption, it is certainly better that men should be bought off their notions of legislative destructiveness, than that they should be combatted by the corruption of the electors. It must, however, be recollected that this is a scheme to which there is no limit. We know how foreign Powers have employed their money for similar purposes, and it might be quite possible for a Government desiring to embroil the colonies with Great Britain, to set in motion the patriots of our colonies, and make them the agents of sedition. There is no security for any people in their representatives unless these have given pledges to their country. Such pledges exist in the establishment of family ties-in the acquisition of fixed property-in works of benevo- lence often repeated - in intelligent views of life - in general competence to dis- charge their own duties. Wherever these qualities are found, men may be trusted with the interest of the State ; but if these conditions, or some of them, do not cleariy exist, then the electors who may be bought are also liable to be sold. Many of the most conspicuous advo- cates of extreme opinions have disappeared from ihe Victorian stage. The eager competition for place and authority multiplied the candidates beyond the means of official subsistence. They Have eaten up one another. The fine theory of supporting patriotic representatives by a general subscription does not succeed in practice. People pay for a time and then begin to reason, and at last they retreat from the collector. The examples which time is sure to multiply of impressibility in their chosen representatives to influences anything but popular, aids in this rapid abatement of enthusiasm. THE intelligence from New Zealand is very satisfactory so far as relates to the Tauranga district. Nothing could be more complete than the submission of that tribe, and no further, trouble is to be anticipated in that quarter. The submission, indeed, has been so complete that the passion for retaining land, said to be the Teal cause of the war, has been cured. Sir GEORGE GREX only took from them one-fourth of their land, and his generosity in this respect has met with a speedy reward ; for the natives, finding that they really did not want so much land, and that their numbers were too reduced to enable them to occupy it, have offered to sell all but their village reserves at two shillings an acre. This places at the disposal of the Government a fine uTea of land, the sale of which, at European prices, will, in cour"s6 of time, make a substan- tial addition to the revenue, available for repay- ing the outlay of the war, and in the occupation of which land there will be fine scope for colo- nisation. Some of the land is very good, the harbour is excellent and convenient, and its position is one of great military importance with respect to the defensive frontier for Auck- land. It is said that some of the natives have expressed a wish to emigrate to one of the South faea Islands. We do not learn whether this idea originated with themselves, or whether it has baen suggested to them. But in either case it is curious that it Bhould have found favour with them. That men who have fought with such tenacious obstinacy, and against such enormous odds, for their native soil should wish to leave it Beems strange, because every facility is given for them, to settle on as much land a3 they can use, and they are offered the protection of British government ; nor does the desire to emigrate arise from any inextinguishable hatred to the dominant race, or any haughty refusal to submit to the dominion of a con- queror. Perhaps it arises from the feeling that a too close contact with a very superior race, even when that race is disposed to be friendly and protective, is too overshadowing, and that they would ^>e in more genial circumstances, and have better prospects of permanence as a race, if they lived side by side with races more akin to themselves, in a similar stage of civilisation, and more remote from the aggres- sive inroads of colonisation. Tradition, as well as the analogy of language, intimates that New Zealand was in the first instance peopled from Polynesia. In that case the Polynesian races have either degenerated, or the Maori stock has greatly improved itself in New Zealand during its separate occupation ofthat country. It will be strange if the incursion of white men from the other side of the globe should lead to any extent to the return of the Maories towards the home of their remote ancestors. If any considerable number of Maories should go to Polynesia and like it, and send_ back favourable reports to their countrymen, it is not improbable that a steady emigration from New Zealand would be established. If so, it will not be a movement that the Government should discourage, for it may solve_ the Maori difficulty in the most pacific and inexpensive way, and may be to the benefit of both races. The hope that WILLIAM THOMPSON would come in and make his submission at Tauranga seems to have been disappointed. He still holds aloef, and is in fast friendship with the warrior KEWI, and with the Maori King. It is a steadfastness worthy of a better cause. Ihe prospect of any Maori victory must be small indeed now, even to a native imagination. Even the range of fighting ground is becoming limited. The natives of the east coast are said to be fidgetty, but they are not prepared to make their land a battle-field, and to see it confiscated, and so their hostility is suppressed rather than open. In Waikato the chance for fighting iß gone. The country is swept. Even the patrols cannot discover any lurking Maories, and the occupying force would be withdrawn if it were not that the conquered frontier must be protected for the present. To find a fighting ground, the unsubdued chiefs seem obliged to revert to Taranaki ; and here, where the war began, it seems likely to find itB close. Everything seems to ¿ldicate that mischief is brewing at Taranaki. The Government, forewarned, will not be taken by surprise. It seemB to be left to the natives to take the initiative and strike the first blow, but a large force is ready prepared to be concen- trated in that province at a short notice. In previous campaigns we have already had expe- rience that Taranaki is not a very favourable ground for European armies, and it is not, therefore, the spot we should choose on which to fight it out. At the same time, the new cam- paign, if it begins, will take place under far more favourable auspices than before. At that time Waikato was the strength of the rebellion ; now Waikato is broken. A much larger force, too, is available for occupying posts, and for forward operations, than was possible before, so that more rapid and successful results may be anticipated. It is satisfactory to find that Mr. CAED WELL'S despatch has not had the effect of arresting the progress of military colonisation. The original idea, and the sound one, is being carried out. The new owners of the soil are settling down and making homes. Cultivation is commencing, and the scenes of war's devastation are already beginning to shew the fruits of peaceful industry. For the present these settlers bave certainly not beaten their swords into ploughshares, for they find both implements necessary ; but the ploughshare will ultimately Carry the day and fix the conquest, and the sword will be no more wanted, at least against the Maori,-and we may hope ^against no one else. It will be remembered that when volunteers were first sought in these colonies, it was intimated from New Zealand by some persons who wished to thwart the action of the authori- ties, that the Government neither could nor would grant the land promised, and volunteers were warned not to put any faith in these pro- mises. The Government, however, has strictly kept to its bargain, and the volunteers seem to be satisfied, so that the fears and the warnings on that score were groundless. THE LATE REV. JOHN ALLEN MANTON. The remains of the Rev. John Allen Manton were interred in the Wes- leyan cemetery, Parramatta, on Saturday afternoon. Mr. Manton was one of the oldest Wesleyan ministers in the Australian colonies, and his piety, ability, and devotion have endeared his name to that denomination. Mr Manton was held in the highest estimation, and it need hardly be said that his death is deeply deplored, more especially by the members of his own communion. The deceased gentle- man came to the colony in the year 1831, and after labour- ing for a year or two at Parramatta, he was stationed in Tasmania. Mr. Manton's ministrations at Macquarie Harbour, a settlement on the western coast of the island, and at Port Arthur, on the southern coast, were attended with the most gratifying and successful results. For many years Mr. Manton was the president of Horton College, a training establishment in the interior of the island, which he organised and brought to a very prosperous maturity. About five years ago Mr. Manton returned to this oolony, and took charge of the Newington Collegiate institu- tion from its initiation. He rendered important and valuable service to the Wesleyan Church in these colonies in the formation and direction of those educational establish- ments. Mr. Manton became seriously unwell about six months ago, and he died at half- past five o'clook on Friday morning of dropsy supervening on disease of the heart. The deceased was in the fifty-eighth year of his age and the thirty- fifth of his ministry. After a short service, con- ducted at Newington, on Saturday, the funeral procession left for Parramatta about two o'clock, and arrived at the chapel at half-past three. The coffin having been carried into the chapel, portions of the burial service wero read by tho llev. S. Itabone. prayer being offered by the Kev. G. Hurst. The Kev. R Mansfield delivered a brief address on the occasion, which he said waa one peculiarly touoaing to his feeling/, aa it was deeply inipreBSive on the hearts ot bis bearers. Ihiny-three years ago itwafl his privilege to nu tu bor tbo departed among his choicest friends, and tbicugbout that long Interval all that he had seen and beam- and known of bis departed brother had but served to confirm tho preposeeesions which the earliest moment of their acquaintance produced, to deepen his heart's love for him, and to raise him still hijhor in his esteem and rospaot. In the strictest and noblest sense of the term, witnout ndulutiorj, be was a good man, full of faith and of the Holy Ghost. Sid it not seem a mysterious providence that in his riper years, when all hil mental and moral powers Mimed to have reached their fullest vigour-when he waa called to occupy an impartant sphere-that at that critical petiod in bia interesting blBtory, the last onemy should be permitted to lay hold of him and drag bim down to the nilent mansions of the dead ï For bim to livo undoubtedly was Christ, and for bim to die was rioh superlative gain. Ihe rev. gentleman remarked on the Christian's power to triumph over death, and be asked were they not reminded of their mortality ? " Our fathers, whore are thoy ? the prophets-do tbey live for ever?" Death oame into their sacred ranks and teok bold of one and another, saying to tooee who survived, " Preparo to meet thy God." I'ho preacher then earnestly exhorted the youthful portion of bis auditory to make their "calling and election sure." They bad seen bow Christians lived in the example of their dear preceptor, over whose ashes tbey mourned ; and they had seen how bo died, triumphing in redeeming love, happy m the clear and cloudless prospect of immortality, and he beckoned them to follow. Let thom all gird themselves anew to the fight of faith, and so eather under tho banners of the Cross, that ere long viotory might crows their brows. The servioe, at whioh there was a good number of persons present, having been concluded, the body was borne to the hearse, and at twenty minutes past four o'clock the mournful pro- cession moved slowly forward to the graveyard. The students of the college went first, noxt followed ministers c1 the denomination with other persons who walked, and they were succeeded by the hearse, the mourning coaches, and a long train of other vehicles. The route taken was along Church-etreet, and most of the shops in that thorough- fare were partly dosed. Besides the clergymen already named, there were present the Kev. R. L. King (Church of England) and the following ministère of the Wenloyan communion -the Revs. B. Chapman, J. Bickford, W. Ciunow, B. W. "Vanderkiste, W. S. Brooke?, Û. Martin, J. Orara, C. W. Bigg, and - Moore. Among the laymen who attended wero the Mayor of Sydney, the Hon. Qeorge Allen, M.L.C. ; Mr. J. Caldwell, M.L.A. ; Mr. W. Love, M.L A. ; Dr. Moffitt, and Messrs. J. and W. Byrnes. The grave yard was readied shortly before five o'olook, and the remaining sentences of the burial aervloe were there read by the Kev. S. Babone. The mourners lingered around tho grave for awhile, and then sorrowfully dispersed. DEATH OF MR. THOMAS CULLEN, J.P.-The public will learn wilh regret of the death of Mr. Thomas Cullen, J.P. Mr. Cullen was taken suddenly ill at the Central Police Office on Friday morning. The unfortunate gen- tleman then became unconscious, and remained insensible up to the time of his death, which occurred in the magis- trates' room at half-past nine o'clock on Saturday night. It is understood that the lamented occurrence will form the subject of investigation before the City Coroner to-day. CORONER'S INQUEST. -On Saturday, the City Coroner held an inquest at the lock- up, Balmain, concerning the death of a female child found on the beach at Birch Grove the night before. The body had been in the water about two days, and had probably been left by the tide. Dr. Evans could not say positively whether or not the child had breathed, but he thought that it had not. The jury's ver- dict set forth those circumstances. IIETUI CUSHLA'S TABLEAUX Viv ANS.-On Saturday evening Herr Cushla gave Bn elegant.and olassioal enter- tainment in the Hall of the School of Arts in, Pitt-atroot, at which be exhibited several beautiful tableaux for tho boneüt of tboso who do not usually visit theatres for the purpose of Btnueement. The meohanical appllanoes ware unexception- able, and the results exceedingly good ; there beimr a groat variety in the subjects represented. The programme was divided into three parts :-The first and third consisting of groups of figures pourtraying incidents in sacred and pro- fano history, and in the mythology of tho anoients. the second part WOB a reproduction of the celebrated " Ghost Illusion," by means of a catoptrio light. Ot the eight pictures in the first part, »The Battle of the> Amazons, «' Pandora and her box," " Aoia and Galatea," and the Death of the Amazons." wore perhaps the most, suooess ful. The tableaux of "Judith and Holofernes, of "Diana, ot the « Sleeping Nymyhs," and of the » First Fratrioide, wero aUo enthusiastically applauded. The "Ghost was likewise a very vivid and supernatural affair, but the full effect of It was, for some reason or other, not shown,-no light being introduced behind the figure, with a view to showing it* ihadowy and unsubstantial oharaoter. For ali that the spectators could tell, it might thug have been a real figure whfoh geetioulated before them. The muslo too, by which the spectral illusion wai (to use a professional term) played in, waa abo Ml good ; ani allegro -aoj^en' per- formed on an harmonium and sounding remarkably like a jig, appeared to be rather out of harmony with the sombre bMineii. Tha samo criticism is .also «PpH<-»Mf to «» musió that signalled the reprosenUUon of the ñrat doraestio tTMeay. The Mea of Cain dallberately Wiling his brother Abel to the patriotic tuno of «Rula Britannia/' Wng: ¡n oomprehentibly incongruous and absurd. Donatien these litt!« drawback» will be remedied to-night when this olevor .idpltwisg entertainment ta to be repaie«. 