ROCKHAMPTOM. [FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] June 14th. THE Clarence brought up intelligence which created some such commotion amongst all classes as the appearance of a hawk wouId pro- duce in a poultry yard. An imposition of a duty of half-a-crown per ounce on gold may, on principle, be right enough; but such im- position without premonitary warning is re- garded as decidedly wrong. The banks and other buyers of gold have made their pur- chases of it, on the presumption that it was not liable to such an impost, and, moreover, have made such purchases at the highest figure, giving prices without reference to any contingency of the sort. The consequence is, . every holder of gold which came into his or their hands by way of trade or exchanges is victimized to the tune of 2s 6d per ounce, by what moderately may be termed the arbitrary conduct of the Government. It cannot be urged, so it is argued in the North, that the conduct of the Government has a parallel in that of the Imperial Go vernment over projected increases in the duties upon imported articles. In such in- stances it would be manifestly impolitic to give any inkling of the determination, inso- much as immense quantities would be cleared at the lower duty, and held over by specu- lators to the detriment of the public inter- ests. But in the case of gold there is no each speculation. As it is mined so it is sent down or exchanged with the dealer. It is not subject to fluctuations of price, for its value as pure gold remains almost always at the same figure, indeed any abatement in its value— I am speaking of the English market, be it observed—is so infinitessimal as to be hardly appreciable. Why then this furtive mode of doing things? Why, an arbitrary mode of procedure which vir tually robs the 'banker and the meickait? Every business man knows that ruesc dames give Hie full value for the gold, short only of expenses for insurance, ?freight, assays, Ac The half a-crown im post without preliminary warning, and even without the consent of the legisla ture is an injustice which wOl further ali enate the feelings of us Northerns from the Herbert-Maealister Ministry. As evidencing . the tone of thought I will quote from the Bulletin usually so 'timid,' and Itrnstmyfriendsof thatoffice will pardon me for hinting *' time- serving ' a journal, the following passage:— 'It would be trite and unthankful to contrast the promptitude which the House displays (query Ministry), in taxing these districts, with the slothfulness voiding the allocation of public expenditure.' Granted, but an ex port tut upon gold is a reasonable proposi tion, considering the burdens thrown upon the country by the existence of gold-fields— burdens in the shape of pilice protection, escurts, &c.; Differences of opinion may exut in reference to the amonntof snch tax, bnt the main grievance is the manner in which it has been imposed, whereby the dealers in gold have been most unjustly de frauded, for t can call it nothing else. . It is really amusing, and it has called forth some criticism up .here, to read the' rigmarole in ?ome of your papers about the ada-lD-ut»gVr telou '«!TSie JEUSert-1 SWIrV?lliltr*BcBnlulers'eay, Is the only capable Ministry in Queensland: Going no farther back than the beginning of this session, what fatuity does it not -exhibit. Even in this gold business, where is the marrollous administrative ability -thus belauded? In sober truth, the Ministry seems only capable of wearing second-hand clothes; they put in thread law acts of New Sooth Wales and Victoria, and from a miserable lack of powers of adaptation, the stolen enactments fit it very badly. The capacity to fathom principles, and having mustered them, adjust them to onr peculiar requirements is wanting. Bad transcripts of effete regulations devised for another, and not analogous community, are all that the bepraised Herbert- lfacalisterians ara ca pable of. The North is well satisfied on those points, and is equally satisfied that ustice to the concrete interests of the co ony will not be rendered nntil the instal lation of a Mackenzie-Douglas Administra tion — an administration which I verily be lieve other sections, besides that of the North, begin to think will be purer, abler, and more consonant with our united aspira tions, than that which now fills the Treasury benches. The ' Provincial Council ' question — or rather the Ministerial scheme — has been scarehingly'discnssedbyourlocal politicians. Idaresaylshallnotsurpriseyou when I record that the decision was unmistakeably adverse to the Ministry. The project before the House is esteemed ** neither fish, flesh, nor gadc red herrin'.' as the homely Scotch proverb runs. The tremendous flourish made at the opening of the House in rela tion to this measure reminds one of the old fable of the mountain in labor. Tho elder Halhsws' French mountebank recurred to our mind — ' Vait, gentilmans, vait, and you sail see vat you sail see.' We did wait, and we saw — what? Just. mirabSe dicta, what lie Guardian says — 'but the shadow of a shade — a misty outline of an anomalous system of provincial government — a ghost of a measure — a mere unsubstantial sem blance of a system that is quite impossible to ever successfully work out, or even irai tate.' No, this is not the . measure we want. We have a national abhorrence of shams. We don't want 'ghosts of mea and marrow, capable of, working, not ?' skeletons,' ' ghosts.' and so forth. Above all, we don't want humbug— nor honied speeches— nor gilded promises — nor representations— 'That palter with itf In » double reuse; That keep the word of promite to oar ear, And bimk it to oar hope.' We have had enough, aud to spare, or these Machiavellian trickeries. The Provincial Conncils Bill is one of these ; therefore the North unequivocally condemns it. Public opinion in the North touching Bfr. Colonial Treasurer's budget of ways and means is not yet sufficiently determined to warrant a precise report. I may. however, be permitted to say that the deficiencies in 1863\. although they do not surprise, at least they alarm people. Additional taxation seems inevitable, and this is the penalty we have to pay for the blessings of Herbert Macalisterianism. The scheme for paying oft' certain deficiencies fay appropriating por tions of the loan to that pnrpose looks clumsy and ugly. The intention to appro priate, or misappropriate money voted for a specific object to such making up of defi ciencies is not only clumsy and ugly, but bad in principle. But I must defer com ment upon this topic until I am in a position to give you more definite information of the current of public thought in these districts. I now tarn to social matters. I regret to inform yon that the latest advices from the Peak Downs snpport the previously reported dull state of things there. Although there is no question about the gold, and that it is pre-eminently a 'poor man's diggings,' water ib just now so scarce that mining operations are almost brought to a stand still. The largely prevailing sickness— fever and ague, is how abatiug. thanks to the arrival of abundance of nourishment of all kinds, but the effects of the visitation will De felt for some time. These vicissitudes must be looked for in all new. diggings. Those so remote from townships as are tj»eee of the Peak Downs, can hardly hope, at the Erst breaking out, to be exempt from privations, particuUrlrln the absence of roads: *n!t I hope *be worst, U^bt over, and »s flie atggtnK* fceeome consolidated so wm*fce-^neeBiof«mUar'Wab*e reduced. one ton over a road of his own discovery, to the Peak Downs, such road not to exceed 240 miles in length. This gentleman says the toad he can point ont is more solid than that of the survey department, and avoids the scrub. ? ? Ton recollect about the four runaways from Bockhampton, and that they bad taken tn stopping and robbing her Majesty's lieges, bailing np houses, and performing all the merry tricks of your thorough-bred New South' Wales bushrangers. Well, I am nappy to inform y-n two of them have been captured. As many of your readers may be interested in the narrative, I extract from the Northern Jjyut the following ac counts. In that journal of the 8th' June, it CxfTOBB OF HlU, THE BOEHRABGEB.— By the Williams, which arrived from Glad stone on Sunday night, the bushranger Hill, who lately escaped from fioekhamp ton gaol after'1kailing--tip/-itbe turnkeys And securing them in a cell, - was brought to town in charge -of SergeantB Balfry and Ware, of &e; Gladstone police. He was in a lint, unarmed, when captured, and offered no resistance, knowing anything of the kind to be ineffectual. Foolish man! ne was an excellent compositor, eatnlngfrom six to seven pounds per week at his occupa tion in 'Victoria. He «ame fa) this colony, and fell in with* nanof tlm same trade, whose character may fce guessed *w bu pieknamevf- Dodger.** TluB»scalToi*Bd 'cheque and got Hill*, utter it. and the latter was sent' tes itoekhamptoo saol. wheDeef»*ffi*trf*is tepape, an4#Mg-iea Jihnsetfwith «ew fcna^Wwi*^. «? bad nearly completed tha whole nfiiw time, and in* few months sronld bna been set ?tlibertytooani again. irtoMt disposed to ao «. an imnetf livelihood and fora nramnfinn, *?» -now beialnroagn* «ar* I^EbSt^I ptfe. mfcM J*» *rt»ooir ;,~~- ?..?-* ? Udun with accusations which brought against him and proved will prevent his ever again troubling society, and procure for him ? dishonourable grave, after a life short or protracted in a miserable gaol. Ou the 11 tli June, it says :— The Bnshranger Fegan and his. gang seem to have a particular regard fur the neighborhood of Prestowe, and a brazen confidence in their superiority as bushaen to the black blood hounds whose endeavors to run them down have hitherto been con stantly baffled by the most skilful maneu vering. It will be in the recollection of our readers that on a recent occasion Fegan and his three associates bailed np the inn at Prastowe, and made themselves merry at the expense of their an willing entertainer. Fegan after leaving with his companions returned home, and narrowly escaped with his life, for one Kelly coming behind him cot his belt and took possession of the out law's revolver. A chase and some sharp firing followed, in which Fegan received a ball in the thigh, which be extracted with his penknife. His mare aim was shut. Fegan determined to get possession of his weapon again, but his time was not bis own. The police were on his trail, and he bad to push on in advance to avoid a cap ture.. Having fora fortnight eluded the vigilance of his pursuers, he. with two others (the third havingfallen into Hie bands -of jnstice) doubled back npon Westwood, with the object of redeeming his ptedeo -and jjmnHarUj^m^^Ji^l^ ? sable on Mr. HardyVi farm, when four men were watching some race bones. The door was opened, and ** man presenting a revolver demanded to know where Kelly was to be found. The reply at first was evasive, bnt evasion was not to he put up with by the robber, so he obtained the requisite information and took the direction of Kelly* sleeping place. Fegau disturbed his slumbers bv presenting a revolver, and demanding the other which had been taken from him. It was pointed ont and pocketed, and Fegan. no doubt, thought he had esta blished the &ct; of his gameness and tho right to the captaincy. Fegan upbraided the prostrate Kelly with firing at and wound ing him. and with killing his horse, and then turned round and gave his associate Wright a reprimand for his indiscretion in recommending the murder of Kelly. When the three bushrangers had assembled again, or each had his station — Fegan cnardins Ifijiy. Wright supporting his chief, and Webster looking after the steeds, they re. mounted and rode off, firing a volley in honour of themselves as they galloped into tho bnsh. There are many reports current as to the direction the bushrangers have taken, and the deeds they have done, but nothing yet authentic has been heard, and we decline giving currency to idle rumors. CAPTURE OF THE BUSHRANGER, WEBSTER. — Scarcely had the bushranger, Hill, been committed for trial on Thursday by Mr. Jardine, and lodged securely in the prison whence he recently escaped, than news was received by Mr. Foran, and communicated to Mr. Jardine that another of the grang was to be had for the catching at the ' Coltage of Content ' Hotel. The word to get ready was quickly passed and soon Mr. Foran nith Sergeant Meldrum, lock-up keeper Canning, and Constables Judd and O'Byrne had doffed their uniforms and were marching in plain clothes at a rapid rate in the direction of the hotel. Mr. Jardine on horseback, canpht up to the party. There were about fifteen men about the bar and two stood at the door when the police were within twenty yards. Seeing the two go inside, Mr. Jardine gave Hie word to run up, and Webster soun made his appearance at the door. He was recognised at once by Mr. Jardinc and poiuted out to the men. twooftrhoin armed, gnarded the front. Shots were soon beard, Webster and Mr. Fcran covered each other at the same moment, but while the former's pistol missed fire altogether the latter missed only its mark. Canuing and O'Byrne both fired at the fugitive, who commenced to run for a fence, hard pressed by the whole party, and succeeded in get ting within a paddock. The police kept firing and calling out ' stop' all the time. Now, Mr. Jardine, tired of the blank ball cartridge work, snatched a revolver from one of the men and, being swift of foot as well as true of aim, distanced the men and taking aim at Webster, with the pistol rest ing on the rail of the fence, fired low, and brought him to the ground. The whole affair did not occupy five minutes. Webster was struck fonr timcs.one shot goiog through the side of his coat, ripping up his shirt aud passing through the coat on the other side without .grazing the flesh. The only shot that told was the one that brought, him to the gronnd. Mr. Jardiue immediately gave orders to the men to stop firiug as Web ster conld go on no further. He was easily secured. And. fcelins weak, he asked for a drink, and some wine was procured for him at the inn. A cart was then engaged, and he was forwarded to town in charge of two constables, who conveyed him to the watch house. Dr. Callagban was immediately sent for, but tried in rain . to discover the ball, which bad entered the leg immediately below and beh'ind the knee. Dr. Bobertson and Dr. Callagban both attended tho pri soner subsequently, but the bullet still remains in his leg, causing him, evidently, great pain. To Mr. Jardine this capture is undeniably due. and the fact ouly adds to our regret that he is about to leave us. What induced. Webster to venture so near the town it would be idle to surmise ; he will answer no questions, however, as to bis companions, Fegan and Wright, and heartily anathemathises his pistol for missing fire when he most trusted to it- The pistol was the one stolen from Mr. Ball. It is a neat ' wompon, bnt it was - badly loaded, so that it could notrevolve. The.vther two. are Still at liberty; Jrat IstemViant Mnrray 'is following them up mortWiMiaciooaly. and.1 fancy their career ?^ Jhpippi*6o6*t *»1* «abs« it »s -( vi eUy ^iiel tain vlroyarevtt Xue vetglinoi boon . It behoves tl» Government to use a well timed severity in these cases. An ill judged mercy would have a most pernicious effect «t this juncture. The utmost rigor of the law must be exercised to crush at once, and summarily, all tendency to rapine and licentiousness on (be part of 'all and every ' whom thenews of the goldfields may attract to Queensland. Business daring the week last, past has been languid. We are all looking with anxious expectation for the ministerial pro-, ject in ^reference to die representation. I fear we are doomed to disappointment, and if so, yo' must prepare for a most deter mined agitation ibr separation. 