TJIE MEWS OF THE BAY: Tho lion, tlio Speaker of tlio Legislative Aoeembly, as chairman of o= public meeting of tho citicens of Melbourne, held in July last, relative to tha- slave trade between tho islands of the South Ptcilic nnd Peru, roceived through his Excellency Sir.- Gliarles Darling, by tho- mail that arrived on* Friday last, a communioation from his Grace tho-Buko of Newcastle, acknowledging tho roccipt of the peti tions adopted at the meeting to both branches of tho Imperial Legislature, praying that steps, might bo taken for the restoration of tho natives kidnapped from tho Pacific Islands by ships sailing.under the Peruvian flag aud also for thoir future protection. The communication, which is dated tho- 10th of October, states that tho petitions would be-duly pre sented to tho Lards and Commons during the fol lowing session of Parliament and that tho- Peruvian Government lir,d already informed her,- Majesty's Government that they had put a stop to. the traffic. Nothing, however, .is said about tho restoration of thoso already Uidnapped. The intelligence of high rates of interest ruling in London hae-liad a prompt effect on. our local dis counts. A banking convention was. hold to-day (Saturday), and, although not formally concluded, we are in a position to anticipate thoi rates of dis count which, will bo adopted. Tho distinction be tween sixty-Eve and ninety- fivo days.' bills, will be abolished, Mid on all bills under nicety-five days' currency tho rate of discount will be- at rate of nino per cont. per annum. Four montlia' bills will bo discountable nominally at ton per cont., or such rate as may be- agreed on in each individual instance. In other roords an advanco of two per cent, por annum will bo established on sisty-fivo days' bills, and 0110 per cont. on thoso of ninety-five days' cur rency and upwards. A proportionate advanco will be made- 011 open account over daafts. Pleuco-pneumonia is proving gonerally fatal to horses iu tho AVodtern Port district. Advices were on Saiurday received by persons in Melbourne having horses running there to remove them with out delay, as tho disease was.spreading rapidly. The I1011. H. C. E. Childers has lately been on a tour iu Spain. AVhilst travelling he was suddenly seiaed with gastric fever ; but, at departure of last mail, he had so far recovered as to tako his depar ture for England by tho P. nnd O. Company's steamor Bipon. A statemont by tho Argus, of Saturday that the Oriental Bank Corporation would sell sixty days' bills on Loudon at J to A per cent, discount, was in oorrect. Tho rato of exchange gonerally oliargod by the banks for tho outgoing mail was J per cent, premium. Tho All England Eleven sail to-day from tho Sandridge Railway Pier, by the Alhambrn, for Otago. They are to be away a month, and imme diately on their return play at Castlemaine. On the 3rd March, a match is to be commenced, which is likely to bo as interesting as tho Surrey v. AArorld match played during the visit of the lirst Eleven. An equal division of the twelvo is this timo to be made, captained respectively by Georgo Parr and Anderson. AVith tho former Hayward, Grace, Jackson, Clarke and Lockyer nro to play ; with the latter Caffyn, Tarrant, Carpenter, Tinley and Crcaftv. There will, of course, bo only eleven or. each side — the remaining fivo being selected frcsa tho best of our Victorian cricketers. Tho notice paper of tho City Council for this afternoon contains licfcle of nny importance, the principal business Iveing tho consideration of 9 letter from Mr Isaac Lyons, tendering his resignation as councillor for luitrobo ward, and tho appointment of six valuators from among twelve candidates sub mitted by the fiunnco committee as eligible for tlie oflice. The following noble act of reparation deserves every publicity. The namo of James M'Honry, to all Liverpool residents, used to be synonymous with bold enterprise— ho has now proved his title to far higher consideration. There aro many persons in Melbourno to whom his name and early career are familiar: — 'A few years ago (in 1851)- Mr James M'Henry, American merchant, in Liverpool, like many other houses, succumbed to the pressure of HaSWHmiMh Mil ? ? ? I III II III I w the timo ; but Mr M'Henry 's energy and integrity remained, though his other resources had departed. Ho regained his position in the commercial world, and a few days ago Mr Mozlcy, the Liverpool banker, on opening one of his London letters, found a cheque on the Bank of England for £17,000, with tho name of 'James M'Henry' attached. It covered tho sum, with interest, due to the bank of Mr Mozley (Barncd and Co.) when he stopped payment. This act of Mr M'Henry needs not one word of comment.' Another garotting outrage is reported to O10 police as having been committed in Swanston streot', about two o'clock yesterday morning. As Mr Henry Giblec was walking thero at tho hour above men tioned, he was met by two men, one of whom seized him by tlio throat, so as to render him in sensible, while the other rilled his pockets. On recovering consciousness, Mr Gibleo found ho had been robbed of a gold watch and chain and ether loss valuablo articles. The suddenness of tha attack rendered it impossible for him to got suclt a look at his assailants as would enablo him to identify them. Advices received by this mail from B. C. BurstalT, Esq., speak confidently of tho formation of his direct steamship company. From other reliable sources wc have corroborative evidence that Mr Burstnll's anticipations are not moro sanguine than his pros pects justify. John Bndcock, Esq., Melbourne, manager of U10 Back of New South AArales, who has been in Europe on leave of absence for some months, purposes re turning to Melbourne by tho overland mail of De cember. Tho aspect of the weather on Saturday aftornoon being somewhat suspicious, there was not so largo nn attendance at th-3 promenade concert in Fitzroy Gnrdens as might havo been expected. Nevertheless in spite of the occasional showers in the early part oE tho afternoon, and rather watery clouds later, there was a fnir muster round tho head quarter volunteer band. The band played with considerable precision and teste. The Melbourno correspondent of the Bendigo Ad vertise!' says ' Thero is a probability of tha soizure of ttlorgo portion of the cargo1 c-f tho Tcher naya. Ut ia stated by an authority, who has had largely to-do- with tho vessel, that it ia- impossible to prevent tho seizuro of tho goods, the cargo not hav ing been: entered at Hong Kong as nteable goods ; the papers- of the vessel placo it, therefore, undor tho head' of merchandise, or unrateablo goods. It is said that a Celestial, who resided, formerly ia Ballaarat,. has been mainly influential in bringing out articlca uudor a false and illegal dboignation ; that, being conversant with tho illegal system carried on, and its remunerative character, he left Ballaarat and took a passage- immediately for China, for the purpose oi transmitting such commodities. It is said that greet excitement exists among some of tho Celestials nt Bkllnarat, to which placo the gosds are consigned^ Soma portion of the cargo by tha Tclieriiuya is. to- bo discharged at Sydnoy ,.and it is stated that groat energy has been displayed by in terested partias-to'get tho l-emaiuing portion of tha cargo transferred to tliat place.' A meeting- of the directors of tho Caledonian. Socioty wa3 hold at.ths-Socioty's offices, Port Phillip Club Hotel, Minders street, on Saturday afternoon last. Mr J. Si Butters,, vico-president, in 'the chair. The meeting vms convened principally for the pur pose of receiving, through Mr Shillingltf?, hon. secretary, a communication from the Government granting to tho-society a sito in tho lato Zoological Gardens for a-, permanent grand stand for tho ac commodation of visitors at the Caledonian- games. Tho directors- present, tho hon. treasurer,. Blr G. Simpson, and soveral memborsof tho socioty, accom panied by one- of tho Government surveyors, sub sequently visited' tho ground, had it poggcdlcff, and obtained possession* AVo havo our- files- from New South AValos- to tha 20th inst. AlMhe intelligence of any importance has, however, bson. anticipated by telegrami. Tho superintendent of tho Immigrants! Home, Prince's Bridgo,- desires to aoknawledgo the follow ing donations SI from Mr Tivycross, per the col lector ; £2 from, tho Rev. AAr. AAroods, Ecwthorn ; also, a large number of periodicals, consisting of ' Chambers's Jiournal,' ' Blackwood's Magazine.' ' Good AArordo,!*' &c.;, &c.;, from Mr G. Ai Mouritz, King street.. The chargatslieet at tho City Court on Saturday was very light, tho only caso of any consequence being one agriast a man n timed Costellfyifcr assault ing his own daughter, who being too ill to appear tc» prosecute, the case was postponed for seven days. A woman,, name unknown, was founds about half past eleven, o'clock, yesterday morning, lying in a dying statoj. in Punch's lane, off Littlo Bourka street.^ She was much emasiatod, and so weak that sho couldf aot speak. Tho constable on duty had hor convoyed to tho Hospital, where she died with in an hour after her admission. A mac. named Alfred Stephens w£3 taken to the Melbourne Hospital, on Saturday, night, suffering from a broken leg. He had, it seems, hired a cab to conra-y liim to his residence in: Kwrth Melbourne, but wished to get out in Elizabeth street. To this tho cabman objcctod, but Stopheua persisted, when a scuffle ensued, in tho course of- which I10 fell and received tho injuries described.. A testimonial was presented! to Mr C. A. Saint, the- late editor of tho Mount Alexander Mail, by the principal residants of Castle ra-iiao, on Friday even ing last, at the Theatre Royal. AVith the testimo nial was on epcrgne, or contre piece, of which tha following is a brief description : — Tho article ia i nearly 90 oz in weight, and is about'20 inches in. , height. Tho base is embossed, with a group of four figures ; one representing Commerce, with a chart in one hand, and tho Caduoeus of Mercury in tho other, sitting on a bnlo of wool (ono of tho staples, of tho colony), with a locomotive engiuo on ono side and an anchor on tho other. To the . right is tha Husbandman, with soythe nnd reaping-hook. Oa the left is the Digger, ' wnsliiug-up,' his dish coa taining satisfactory evidonces of his good luck. At tho back, as emblematic of the original state of iha colony, is an aboriginal, in tho act of throwing a. spear. Tho whole of theso emblematical figuroa aro exceedingly well modelled and executed. Tho cup is supported by a couple of griffins, beautifully frosted, and surrounded by a series of Bacolianalian heads, all differontly modnlled, indicative, we pre sumo, of what tho contents of tho cup should be — of good fai'i'a and gonerosily of which good wino is a. friend. The cover of the cup bears a series, of models, representing tho characteristics of Australian bush, scenery — tho eucalyptus, the emu, tho kangaroo, &c.;, displayed under clustei'3 of tho viiv-. Springing frsni the cover is n column, beautifully chased, tor Kunatiug in elaborato foliage, the irliolo being sur mounted by a figure representing A'ictoria, with gold at her foot, crowning Industry at tlio bate. This figure, however, is moveable, th& ioliago nt the head, of tho column forming a cup Sor the reception oi flowers. This exquisite specimen of tho silversmith,*!! art was designed and manufactured by Mr Levisy, of Castlemaine. Tho cup will boar the following in scription : — ' Presented 51st December, 18C3, to Charles Abraham Saint, by his friends anil Jellow citizens, in recognition of many sorvices rendered, as editor of tho Mount Alexander Mail, to the town and district of Castlemaine, from September, 1854, to December, 13G3.' Tho Theatre Royal was again crowded on Satur day aftornoon by a joyous juvenile nudionco, whoxa the burlesque and pantomime fillod with a deligbt, that only young pantomime spectators manifest ixv- this undemonstrative age. The thoatro was, agalp . well filled in the eveiing. There was an excllent house at tha Hayffla/.ket Theatre, aad tho dress circle prearoted ao^ihing- . » of tlio appearance of a Keau night. Tho attraction ? vta, s tho final performance of ' La Sonnumbula,' and : the yonng prima donna, who ha? enjoyed so many * triumphs sinco her appoarauce on this stage, never roccived a moro enthusiastic one than on Saturday. While wc record these facts, wo would also venture ?? again to counsel Miss Howson not to he carried . away by popular plaudits into the belief that she lias accomplished an artistic career. The vox populi is fickle ; it is only paticnce and hard indus try that securo tho firm position of an artist, espe cially on the musical stage. The opera throughout was well performed and highly successful. Lodcr's opera of ' The Night Dancers,' will bo produced this evening. The announcement that the real original thcatri cal ghost of Profossor Pepper would make his first appearance on tho Victorian stage, drew a consider able crowd around the doors of the Princess s Theatre, on Saturday evening. As tho hour of opening doors came, and passed, varied were tho con jectures 'as to the cause of so extraordinary a phe nomenon as closed theatre doors, in tho face of a crowd eager for admittance. Bight o'clock came, . and then it was self-evident that the ghost of Pcp jier was. not destined to visit tlie glimpses of tho Princess's stage lamps, on Saturday night at least. Assurance was soon made doubly sure by a placard, . put forth at the box entranco, announcing that the : appearanco of tho ghost was unavoidably post poned till Monday, till which evening all tlie curious in ghost-craft must, liko Hamlet, sit in expecta tion. Thero was a good audience, on Saturday night, at the Polytechnic, to accompany Mr Birch on his Ho liday Trip— a nightly adventure, now drawing to a -close. 