MELBOURNE NEWS. (AroMs.l \- Au inquest was held by the city coroner, at Hotliam, on Wednesday afternoon, Upon the body of Michael Pardon, a wheelwright, aged forty-three years, who died on Wednesday - morning from the effects of a self-inflicted Avound m the throat. -J. lie wife or deceased stated that ber husband, from losses, had been in low spirits for some time. Last Monday morning witness /left him alone in the bedroom,- dressing himself, while she went into the next room to dress the chjldren. Presently. she went back, tq look after deceased, andriot. seeing him in the. room, she looked outside for him. As she was unable to find him outside, she returned, to the room, and found deceased lying under the bed. She did not at first notice any wound upon him, but thought that be had fallen .down ;dead. She sent for some neighbors, who came to her assist ance. Deceased did not speak afterwards. The razor produced was his. He had left four chil dren. Police- constable Helper stated that, being called in to tho house of deceased on the morn ing in question, he found him ivitli his throat cut, and went at once for a surgeon. Found the razor, produced under the bed, covered with , blood. Mr S. P. Barnsdale, surgeon," deposed that on Mqnday morning he was ' called to the house of deceased, whom, ou arrival, lie found lying upon the floor ou his back, with his throat -severely 'cut. The windpipe and oesophagus were divided, and he had lost a large quantity of blood. The wound . was sucli as could have been self-inflicted. Witness attended him until his death. He had previously attended him about a month ago, and deceased then was in such a state that witness recommended his removal to the asylum. He would sit by, him self without speaking, . and would not answer any .questions that might be put to him.. In finding that the deceased died from the effects of a self-inflicted wound, the jury expressed their opiuion that deceased was of unsound mind at the time \vhen the act was'committed: (Age.) The large room of the. Albion Hotel was thronged last night to wituess. the last public exhibition but one of Mr Roberts in Melbourne —ran additional interest being given to the game from the fact of Lamb beiDg bis opponent, he having been backed to play Roberts for £50, tbe champion giving him the long start of 600 on a score of 1000. The game commenced punctually at eight, and proceeded ver' slowty on both sides for the first portion of the game — the first great number made by Roberts being just before completing half the score, and when Lamb stood at 800. The former then made thirty winning hazards in succession ; and on resuming, after refreshment, brought the break up to 115 be fore he resigned the cue. By the time Lamb had made 276, Roberts had 700 to his .name ; and a little later in thejgame the score stood Roberts S02, Lamb 891. Roberts then had two breaks of 96 and 74, Avinning the game, and leaving Lamb in a minority of 96— the numbers being Roberts 1000, Lamb 904. To-morrow evening another match is to be played "on the_ same terms — Lamb again receiving -600 on the score. This is announced as Roberts's last ap.-; \- pearance in Melbourne. (Herald.) It will be remembered that on the 9th, inst., a child named Daniel Corry, aged seven years, was taken to the hospital suffering from severe in- juries in the head, caused by a kick from a horse at Fitzroy. Notwithstanding every care, the boy died on Thursday, and an inquest was held upon the body by the City Coroner. John Con- nell said that on the 19th inst. he was getting a horse out of the stable, and in backing the animal it knocked down a ladder that the de- ceased was on. In coming down the child was kicked on the head by another horse which was in the same stable. The deceased did not be- long to the place, and had no business to be where he was. From the medical evidence it appeared that the cause of death was a fracture of the skull. The jury returned a verdict of ac- cidental death. LUMINOUS FUNGUS.— On Wednesday evening we were shown a specimen of this variety of the vege- table kingdom, which was highly charged with phosphorescent matter, and shone as bright as though it were that luminous element itself. We were informed that these fungi were called mush- rooms. To those unacquainted with the fact, we would offer a caution to be very careful not to make use of them, or any similar fungous growths, in any culinary preparations, as their phosphorscent luminousness is a certain proof of their poisonous character. — Daylesford Mercury. Bannister was melancholy at finding himself, sixty-five, exactly the number of his own house. Looking up at the plate on the door, he thus soliloquised. " Ah, you needn't tell me I know it; you told me the same" thing yesterday." 