LITERATURE IN RICHMOND. (From (fie A 'ew York Tribune.) Tito condition of n sluvuholding city in which common whiskey is sold at one hundred and fifty dollars per gallon, ami the uncom mon, wo suppose, at prices which arc the despair of numeration, must be frightful in the extreme. Yet thi« is the cost of that fluid necessary of lifo in Richmond, while such luxuries as boots and shoes are held at 300 dollars per pair.-' Under this top lofty condi tion of the market, it is not- wonderful to find newspapers in this distressed city vended at prices which wJuld he somewhat large for tall copies of almost unique volume., or rare spe cimens of Greek manuscripts Those who arc hungrier for the ' Richmond Esaiutnor' th in they nro tor' their breakfasts can have this Bhoot regularly served at 50 dollars per annum, cash in. advance, and no crodiunnder any cir cumstances given; which strikes us as an ex ceedingly wise arrangement on the part of the proprietors. We can assure those who arc cut off, in RichmmJ, from the pleasures of perusal, that when the Yankee barbarians succeed in capturing that city, its inhabitants will soon lie ablo to read the common intelligence with out paying such an uncommon' price for it — that is, if they can read at all. Wo hope when that good time comes, the patriarchs will, through exceeding humiliation, be in a condition to thank U3fur the blessings which, \- we shall have to oiler them, and. that the most plethorio of man-owners can then go through "Undo Tom's Cabin " without 'bursting his principalblood-vessels. . In a'slaveitolding Coti- federacy,' newspapers must always be of very little consequence, partly because they arc neither expected nor allowed to tell the truth; partly becau.ee the bulk of the cjinnm- hity oannifc read-,; partly because newspapers are tbo indicators of- progress, and slavery exists by its absolute suspension ; pardy because therein be no public journals witli- y \z .oiTjnirfraspoiKung public intelligence; and |L/-partly because, under any -slave system of HfiMib'our, tho facilities for the circulation of K newspapers .must bo limited by tho paucity of Wtlie population and the badness of the roads. jJjThis isn/Stntoof filings which no thorough- Ppaocd man-owner will regret. lie n fc only m '' holds reading of any description in exceeding ftLyirmtcmpt, hut he believes, and says that the Jv ohicf evils which afflict other communities than ftliis own arise from the multiplication of hooks fcftind tho diffusion of knowledge,. IV|ost ofnho Y slave-ho'ding philosophers have always insisted ' that to cducato the masses of mankind was to invoke anaroiiy and proaiilo infidelity — that cmum in schools. st» far from being the blessing j which wo cpimider £lictn, were a political curse — that tl ni'irtf iunorant poor men were kept tho bjttoV Ience we suppose that they fed tho high price of whiskey much more keenly in Richmond than the high price -of 'the fitininor, for the examination of which mujr C-iru mo rinsings or a puucii-umvl. We fchitikt uoljiing could bitter illustrate tbo antagonistic pisitions of. a free and of a slave cquiiinnity, Tito lnttcr.is more afraid of dis cussion of any kind than a boarding-school msi a the ghost of her grandmother Of c.vttsc, in any socictv, tho members of Avhieh ./ ore. required to think alike upon . a topic of principal importance, a newspaper would he the m wt needless thing concoivable. The do-' minant #class in .the Confederacy supposes slavery to be . the greatest of tho God- given \- blessings and it expects the sub-dominant claw to think the same way Everything U sottlo.l'for centuries to nomo. To go a-hcail is Yi.ikoe, and to stand still alone becomes patti- . nrehal gontlotnen. - It is evident that a s.ieioty like this i.s limited in its position; and although it may in ive backward, progress involves s m?> thitig pretty near to «ts complete dissolution. Tutu tl\p slavelmlding sclfeme is in itself toler ably ro.ia IjJ, c insistent, an 1 ?omp!«te ; and. onsidcrod as tho work of tho devil, could lrtr.lly ho improved, oven by his own admitted ing.maity. 13 it freedom implies not merely a ... y- physical but an intellectual enlargement— audacity in grappling with groat questions . affecting the culture of mankind— curiosity in the solution of social problems— discontent with any manifest blunder which is capahlo of correction —tho application of disenvcry-to now and higher methods of life To be free is not nioroly to p assess the privilege of locomotion at will, but tho boon of thinking, and of sub- so pnntly rcJtuing thought t.»'c mcrcte aud practical results. Hence, while slaveholders wmt no newspapers, free mon feel them to bo 03 m.uch a necessary of life as broad or meat. It will be very dreadful, bv-and-by, for the exclusive and isolate 1 lords of tho plantations to Qu J their enormous estates cut up into small farpis, and every small farmer taking at least one newspaper, and some of them two or three. It will be intolerable when perchance they m ly read something in their local journals irritating to tboir pcenliar sensibilities. n> t to bo able to go over and shoot the offending editor, or at least administer the balntagc of tar with tho appropriate feathers. Buthis class of men, in season, will tlio out, and tho world will bo bitter on their departure. After they have become conveniently few in Rich- mini, wq shall hear no more of newspapers there at half a hundrcl dollars per annum, I ev-n although that fioe city may be in a state ft Of MCgO. 