SOUTH AUSTRALIAN VINEGBOYTEBS' ASSOCIATION. A meeting of the above Association was held at the Institute on Fin lay, February 19. There was a large attendance of members of the Association and others. Mr. D. IlAND.VLtj, one of the Vice-Presidents, took the chair, and expressed regret that tire Prcsi sient, tlis Excellency the Governor, was prevented through indisposition from being present. He remarked that they had assembled to hear papers read on subjects of importance in connection with the makiug of wine. A man might have first-class fruit, and yet from his wautof knowledge he might produce a most inferior wine. Hence the value of those meetings for the diffusion of valuable know ledge. He then called on Mr. Crawford to read a paper. Mr. E. J. F. GraxvF03D read the following parer ■" On the best system of crushing grapes— "My object in addressing you to-day is simply to advocate the thorough saturation of the must with atmospheric air before fermentation sets in, and I will do so as concisely as possib.c. In the vintages of 18til and 18(2 X crushed my grapes in the usual way with rollers; the grapes so crushed fell into a wooden tank with a false bottom, under which 1 had a tap, with a hose on it, and conducted the must directly to the bottom of a large cask; it therefore had the minimum of exposure to the air. The fermentation went through its usual course, and at length when the wine was bright I bottled it. It was white, and when tasted after a few months tasted as if a drop of ether had been put in the glass, and if there was any left till the next morning it turned arusty brown colour, and was not very palatable. I should state it was made from the Verdeilho. I found that something was wrong, and came to the con clusion that it ought to have been exposed to the atmosphere before fermentation, in order to £ re vent the change afterwards. I know of no etter illustration of the action of the atmosphere on nearly all vegetable juices than that of a cut j apple, the change of colour in which is familiar to every one; in fact, it was that which led me to the solution of wiiat was to me a great mystery. I think that when we run the juice so rapidly, j and in order to economise labour, direct from the J crushers into the fermeutiug-casks, and keep it j from contact with the air, we. sacrifice the quality ' •of our wine to a false economy, for it is to the husk : principally that we owe the " bouqet' of the wine, j Last year, ISb' I. I tried a fresh plan. I still kept | my crushers at work, bat I also had two shallow j tames, about Sx6 and 15 to 18 inches deep, and , crushed into odc each alternate day, and let it ! stand exposed (and occasionally turned over with ! a malt-shovel) for 21 hours. "With me, in the hills, j fermentation had not then set in. At the end of the 24hours I found the husks and the juice of the i white Verdeilho were changed to abrown from the ; action of the atmosphere, exactly as in the case of , the cut apple. I then strained and fermented in j the usual wav; it went on working very vigorously, threwoutalamousvoiumeof yeast, and decidedly ! did not need the addition of cither Gouais or • any other grape to enable it to perfect its fermen- ! tation. It is of a sherry colour, and has stood on ! trial in a bottle without being corked 14 days j without change of colour or appearance of acidity, i The system ot treading out. the grapes is adenow- ] ledged to be the most perfect system for making i good wine by the experience of a thousand years; and it is the best, because every time the foot is j put down a fresh portion of the must is brought to i the surface, and thus it gradually but surely gets ! a full dose of atmospheric air; but it would not do j here on a large scale, on account of the high price ■ of labour, added to which a great prejudice exists against the use of feet in crushing. 1 will not go i into the chemical part of the operation, as it is so well understood. Generally I recommend the use of 1 crushers and shallow tanks, as the best substitute j for treading, as it enables us to get through any i .quantity of work in proportion to the size of the j titcnsils.'aswell, as cheaply, and as cleanly as the ] good oldpractiee of treading. ! find tbat after the ' most has lain some hours, it increases 3 to 4 lbs. in density. Many persons have said to me that they are afraid if they expose the must to the atmosphere it will make the wine go sour; but that is a mistaken idea. No acetic acid (com monly called vinegar) exists either in the must or in well-made wine; si or is acetic acid formed j without the presence of alcohol. If, therefore, care ; is taken to vat the must before fermentation sets ■ in, it is not possible for any acetic acid to be formed until the alcohol begins to be formed. You i cannot make a pure white wine if the must is ; exposed to the atmosphere; but you may make it of any colour, from that of straw to a 'nut-brown,' 1 according to the length of time it remains exposed ! to the air." j The Chairman" complimented Mr. Crawford 1 upon being so brief and yet so explicit. He thought the lecturer was right in the view he took as to crushing the grapes, and as a winegrower the paper commended itself very much to his own judgment. In reply to a question, Mr. Crawford said Iiis remarks applied alike to black grapes as to white. Mr. B. H. Babbage understood a little of the theory of winemalhng, and the real advantage of exposure to the air war, that by such exposure the [ fermentation was assisted, for without air it would be impossible to ferment at all. He fully agreed ; •with Mr. Crawford, and his practice had been . thus. Instead of crushing icto open vats he.' crushed into shallow tubs, in which the juice was ' allowed to remain for IS hours before being re- ; moved. He was convinced that this exposure was i particularly necessaiy with the Vcrdeilhe, which : had the least fermenting power. He suggested as ■ a very good plan that the crusher should he placed ' above, with a loug hopper leading into the vats or , tuba, and along which the juicemightslowly move 1 down. By this means the must would be aerated ; on its way to the vats. ; Mr. J. W. Bole observed that he bad beeu adopting the same principle as that suggested by ' Mr. Crawford without knowing it. His grapes had j been put into a long trough, and operated upon by . a heavy roller, the must and skins being allowed ! to pass slowly into the fermenting vat. The only ! alteration he had scenitnecessaryto make had been : to stalk the grapes before putting them into the ; trough. ! Mr. Dordoy asked how the ether mentioned by ' Mr. Crawford could have been formed, and from j what. I Mr. Crawford said he had noticed the smell of ! ether in many wines which had come directly from 1 the roller to the vat without being ekposed. j Xhe Chaibuan" had also noticed it in some ] -*taes, hut attributed it to ullage. 1 ' Mr. Babbage observed that he could not agree 1 with Mr. Crawford as to there being a total absence < of acetic acid, as it had been proved by analysis j that the best of wines contained it, though in an I almost inappreciable quantity. There was no ! doubt, he though, that the ether was formed from 1 some imperfect product of fermentation. | Mr. Crawford stated that the three of the most i celebrated French chemists stated that there was ; positively no acetic acid in well-made wines. j Mr. BaB3 age said theoretically there would be j none, perhaps, but practically he thought there : was. 1 . Mr. P. G. HAMtRbelievec themore the must had an affinity for oxygen it received the more vigorous would be the fermentation. The ether, he thought, was some essential oil developed by fermentation. Sir. Babbage remarked that the chemistry of ■wine was very abstruse, and chemists were not agreed as to what was the peculiar constituent which gave the liouquet to the wine. In reply to Mr. Champion, Mr. Oeawfobd said the vats into which he put his must were 8x6 and 18 inches deep, and holding about 10 or 12 hlids. Dr. Kelly was then called upon, and read a paper I on "The Employment of Open or Closed "Vats for j the Fermentation of the Must." We subjoin it: — " In perusing the most recent treatises on wine making, nothing is so striking as the almost ! universal absence of ail scientific accuracy in the ' details of the process of vinification. Whilst the chemist has pushed his investigations into cvery region of physical knowledge, and Tevealed to us the nature of many phenomena which till lately were considered beyond the reach of science, he has done little or nothing- to instruct the wine maker, and has failed to furnish him with an}' universal principle to guide him in his operations. The wines of-France are not better at the present day than they wore liefore Ckaptal, Guy Lussac, Liehig, and other distinguished chemists directed their attention to wicemaking; and endeavoured to instruct the vigneron in hisancient art. The wine growers of Europe have gone on, generation after generation, making their wine as their forefathers had done, following a routine which experience had shown to be admirably adapted to the making of good wine. Each district, perhaps each vineyard, has had a method cf its own; and where this method has been departed from, the results, we are told, have been generally, nay, almost invariably, ! detrimental to the quality of the wine. But when j we see the various proceedings followed in the : fermentation and cellar so diverse, and in many j cases so puerile and absurd, we are almost : forced to tiie-conclusion that the quality of the wine must depend almost entirely on the quality of t® fruit, and little, if at all, on the minutiae of manipulation laid down as essentials in the process by the vignerons of Europe. In support of this opinion we have the authority of many.distinguished men iu France. Good grapes seem to go through their fermentation in the most favourable manner, no matter how they are mani- j polated; and St is only downright had usage, such j as the use of foul vats and casks, that will cause the : wine to go wrong. • ' Cultivate good varieties,5 says : Jules Guyat, 'gather your fruit sufficiently ripened, [ separate the juice from the husks, pips, and : stalks as best you can—provided it is done before j fermentation sets in and your casks are new or ; recently emptied of white wine or pure spirit—and t be you ricli or poor, well or ill famished with ; utensils, in a shed or in a fine -building; yon will : ' make excellent white wine." Although it appears, • atfirst sight, almost impossible to form anv definite rules for our tfhidance, or to elicit from file seem- ! ingly contradictory, systems followed in Europe ! hfay principles to direct us in our first essays m ; winemaking, we mosteverkeep in view the general principles of fermentation, as elucidated by modem ! chemistry; for, after all, the conversion of grape- i juice into wine is chemically the same as that ' of malt wort into beer, or indeed any other ! alcoholic fermentation; only, in the case of : the grape-juice, the process is modified by j the endless variety in the. constituentof j the fruit itself. Besides the sugar, gluten, ' gelatine, tannin, and extractive matters, there is ! a variety of salts, tartrates, maiates, &c.;,ofpotass, j lime, soda, and other bases, all qf which are con- { stau'.ly varying in their reiatire proportions, not only from variety of -vine and sou, but also from the ever-changing influences of climate. And when we consider the diversity that must ensue in the resulting wiDc from these causes. it is easy to perceive that not only the quality of the produce of each vineyard must differ from that of all others, but that no two vintages of the same vineyard can ever be exactly dike. In the midst of this complexity, and these seeming contradictions in the practices followed by the winemakers of Europe, we may be able, by a little patient investigation, and.keeping in view the general principles'of fermentation, to gather much useful ins tructionfrom their writings, and also gain an insight into the reasons why certain practices are followed with success insotne instances which in others are altogether inadmis sible. There is no point on which more diversity of opinion has prevailed among winegrowers than ' the amount of exposure to the atmosphere to which the wine or must ought to be .subjected,'and no other subject connected with the fermentation of wine has led to so much controversy. Thc last occasion on which it was dragged forth-fotdiscus sion was when Baron Liebig caUed~the- attention of vineyard.proprietors.to the excellent results attending the mode of Conducting the fermentation of beer in Bavaria, and the desirableness of trying the same method in the fermentation of wine. Experiments of-a verypartial nature, however, were tried at Joharinisoerg and other vineyards on the Bhine at ldebig's suggestion, .and although, attended in many cases with good results," in others they were failures. I 'am Apt aware that in any case the system has been permanently adopted in any vineyard of celebrity in Europe. At tnc time . it excited great interest; and as it is intimately • connected with the subject of this paper, 1 shall ; take it for a starting point, as being the extreme view on one side of the question to be discussed here—the relative merits of opeu and close vats. The process of fermenting Bavarian beer is ! simply the exposure of the wort, after being treated in the usual mauner with hops, to the free action of the air in very wide flat vessels, while the temperature of the chamber in which these vessels are placed is uever allowed to rise above 58° F. The fermentation lasts from three to six weeks, ,and the disengagement of carbonic acid goes on so slowly that no yeast rises to the surface in the form of barm. A light scorn . merely forms, through which a slight eflei- : i vesecuce escapes, and all the yeast is deposited ' at the bottom in the form of a viscous slime, j The peculiarity of the Bavarian process con sists in this circumstance-that, while the oxida j dation of gluten, that is. its conversion into yeast, and the accompanying change of sugar ■ into alcohol, go on at all ordinary temperatures, : the alcohol has no tendency to undergo any further change when the temperature fails to about 50°. The complete oxidation of the i gluten thus goes on without the oxidation of the alcohol, or its conversion into vinegar, which would happen at a higher temperature,- and this ] oxiuized gluten forms an insoluble compound j which falls to the bottom, leaving the beer clear and bright, and free from auy matter which will ; excite farther change. Bavarian beer can there fore be kept exposed to the air under circumstances : that would he destructive to beer fermented in the ■ ordinary manner. In ordinary fermentation the gluten is not thoroughly do omposcd, but rises to ' the suface in form of barm, while some remains ! mixed with the beer. This yeasty matter in wine, i and beer also, has the power of exciting further ; changes of a deleterious nature when exposed to ; the air; hence the difficulty of keeping ordinary . | beer or wine on tap. The contact of the air, when a cask is opened, instantly commences that de composition which ends in the formation of vinegar—a disaster which can be prevented only by removing the oxygen from the air. And this last is easily effected by burning, a little sulphur in the void of the cask as the liquor is drawn off—a pro- ; ceeding which is followed on the Continent of Europe with wine on tap, and which might be adopted in this colony both with wine and ordi nary beer. Bararian beer has no tendency to undergo any further charge from exposure, and requires no precautions to protect it from the action of oxygen. It has beeu freed from all the gluten or yeasty matter during its fermen tation; consequently it is safe from further oxidation, ajul hence may be kept oh tap without risk. Could the process of fermentation followed in Bavarian beer be applied to wine it would be of incalculable benefit. We should then have no fear of the ulterior changes, which are the dread of the winemaker, and which it is the chief business of the cellarman to counteract. The various operations in the cellar—the racking, fining, &x.;—have for their end the getting rid of the gluten or yeasty matter, and these involve a great amount of labour and time, wliich would be saved were the gluten removed in the first fermentation. Unfortunately, however, tile wineinaker, in this colony especially, can rarely command the low temperature so essential to the Bavarian process of fermenting beer. In the colder countries^ of Europe there would be less difficulty iu obtaining the degree of temperature required; and it is somewhat surprising that on the ithine, where Liebig's name and authority stand deservedly so the Bavarian process to wiue fermentation. Where experiments have lieen made they seem to have been so partially and imperfectly carried out that they cannot be regarded as cases of open fermentation at all. Ia 'Liebig's Familiar Letters' there is the following description of the experi ments made at Johannisberg:—' The fermentation was conducted iu casks of 209 gallons. A hole of 12 inches was cut at the bung, and it appears that an opening of six inches square answers perfectly, and that the wine thus fermented had an evidently better quality than that fermented with the fer inen ting-pine, air being excluded.' Now, this we should certaiuly consider as something very different from the open fermentation of the Bavarian process in large open vessels with the surface of the liquor fully exposed to the air. The access of air in these cases was virtually prevented, for as soon as fermentation set in the carbonic acid would drive the air from the cask and form a perfect protection to the liquor from the intrusion of air. It is to be regretted that the matter was tried so partially: the importance of the subject certainly entitled it to a more searching investigation by experiment. The vis inertia; of old habits and customs stands much iu the way of carrying out investigations of this kind in the old world; but here we are free from this incubus, and ougbt to investigate boldly for our selves. The fermentation of wine is so modified by the various substances contained in the grape that it wiil go on favourably under circumstances that would be ruinous to beer wort. This is more particularly the case with the temperature at which the fermentation is conducted. Or apt-juice may be fermented advantageously at mucli higher tem perature than beer-wort; and the hotter the climate under which the grapes ripen the higher the tem perature under which they may be fermented. Buck is the opinion of Mulder and others; aud even Maurainc has shown that even in the com paratively cool climate of Champagne the quality of wine is enhauccd by fermentation at a high temperature, 77° to SB° F.—a temperature which we would not choose for fermenting beer. In the warmer climate of the South the same author con siders 90° and 95° as not too high for the fer men ting-vat, and precautions are taken to keep up this high temperature by surrounding the vat with straw matting (pailla&son;). tVith us, in this climate, the difficulty is generally the ' keeping down the temperature within due bouuds. Now, if in ordinary fermentation of wine the tem perature of the vat may be maintained so much higher than in beer-wort, may not the Bavarian process, if tried with wine, be carried on success fully at a much higher temperature than the limit of 50° assigned to beer-wort? The system of open I fermeutatiou at ordinary temperatures is not new j in these c-donies, and I have much pleasure in re- : fcrring to the mode of conducting the fermenation j at Camden, New South Wales, where, after many years' experience. Sir William Macarthur lias de cided in favour of open shallow vats, as best suited i to keep down the temperature of the fermenting liquid—the great desideratum in tliis climate. By the adoption of wide surface and little depth, ] with free access for the night air, it is hoped to j keep the temperature below 75° or SO0. The more I gentle fermentation which follows will be carried on in casks as before. Experience has shown that the temperature of fermenting wine cannot be kept down by the use of underground cellars unless ; the quantity be insignificant. We prefer a wooden building above ground with the means of admit ting free currents of air on all sides. Any acces sion of heat wliich a hot day may o tcosion is j more than compensated for by the cool night air S wliich has free admission on all sides. A large body of fermenting wine will rapidly heat an underground cellar, and it cannot be cooled down again for many days perhaps. I am not aware that tins system of open shallow vats has been adopted in any other vineyards in : New South Wales. On the If unter and its tribu- ! taries the fermentation of white wine has been con- 1 ducted in 200 and 300 gallon casks set on end with the head -out, and merely a canvas thrown over to prevent the carbonic acid gas, which forms a perfect covering to the liquor, from being dis- ! turbed. Of late, in the neighbourhood of Ade laide, the Spanish inode of conductingthefermen tation lias been attended with great success, where the ordinary methods of more open fermentation have been'but partially successful. The process followed here differs from the Seres system with sherry in many of the details. The crushing is here effected by rollers instead of the feet, and no press is used. The limpid juice alone which drains from the' crushed grapes is put into the casks, which are placed on their bilge, andUinly filled about two-thirds or three-fourths, so that there is no overflow during the fermentation. A bung is placed sufficiently tight to allow the gas to escape with a hissing noise, and when this ceases the wine is drawn off into casks to finish its fer mentation in the usual way. This early racking or drawing off from the first fermentation is the chief point of difference between the process fol lowed here and that pursued in Spain,; where the wine is allowed to remain in the first cask undis turbed for five months—a proceeding which has nothing to recommend it but the old custom, and which has been condemned by many intelligent men in Spain. According to Busby, Don Pedro Domeco, acknowledged to be one of the best winemakers in Spain, racked oft' his wine from the first casks soon after the first fermentation ceased, instead of waiting until March as was the custom. The results of the process just described, and known asKercht's, has been, as stated, very successful in most cases. The wine after six months is found fo he bright and fine, and very different from the thick scuddv wine resulting from the Spanish method. On one point, however, we want to be satisfied—the effect of age on such wine. What has hitherto been shown has been raw and green. This method of close fermentation, like every other, is not in variably successful; there are cases, not a few, in which the fermentation stops short prematurely before the saccharine matter lias been converted into alcohol, and the result is a street whitish liquor, which degenerates generally iuto a sour bad wme. hardly fit for the. stilL This untoward accident generally happens with the richest and best grapes, such as the Verdeilho, probably from deficiency of gluten or ferment, and has been attempted to be remedied by mixing a certain quantity of Gouais or other grapes, which contain a large surplus of fermentive matter. It was this accident, which is also apt to occur under the ordinary modes of fermentation, which first jndiinnifCiK W +n A a — _l_ ti induced Sir W. Macaithur to try the open shallow rats already mentioned. The various details in this so-called Kercht's process are all worthy of discussion, and more especially the draining off the juice instead of extracting it by the press. The limpid virgin juice is free from many of the grosser principles which are extracted by pressure; but there is considerable loss in quantity, and may there not be . loss also in - -tile ultimate quality o£ the wine and' its keeping power? The circumstances under which red wines are fermented are so different in many respects from those under which white wines are made that the preceding remarks upon the fermentation ! of white wines hardly apply to them. . The chief peculiarity in the making of red wine is the inix | ture of the huskB with the must during fermenta tion, Hi order to give colour and astringency—the i essential qualities of these wines. A totally ! different mode of management is therefore re : quired, and the question or close or open fermen 1 tatiou comes to be considered in a new bearing. ; It will be admitted, I think, that the tendency to ■ .acidification is much greater in the red than in I the white wines, and consequently that there are | much more cogent reasons for the close than for i tke open fermentation. So far as a priori reason 1 ing would lead us, to form rules on the subject, we j should say that in'ho case, is open fermentation ! allowable; more especially is it to be condemned in those cases where husks, stalks, and juice are fermented together without any means of keeping i down the mark under the surface by a false bottom ; or double couvercle. Where the mark is not so kept immersed it rises to the surface, forming a 1 cbapeau or head, which soon passes into a state of : decomposition, and a few days of exposure to the ' air are sufficient to con vert'it into a putrescent mass, i Theory. however, is quite at variance with practice; 1 for when we enquire mto the processes followed in ! Europe we find that our principles go for nought, j and that good red wine may be made in defiance | of them, and by a variety of processes as diverse I from each other as they can possibly he. Even i ■ the crushing of the grapes—ah operation thought I i to be indispensable to fermentation—has been dis- j ' pensed with in . many vineyards in the JVtedoc. • " Formerly,' says D'Anriailliacq, 'they crushed the I vintage throughout, the Medoc. At this time, in many large vineyards, they have completely given up mat operation; they make wine of the un broken berries. Although this method has been adopted for tlie last 35 or 40 years on many estates it !ta-> not been in general use; it is less in favour at tlie present time t han it was, aurt crushing is the general practice.'1 I am not aware of this pro cess having been tried in this colony. _ There is, however, another proceeding of wliich many French writers have expressed their approval, and some have considered as absolutely essential to the making a good wine, but which has generally been condemned in this colony—this is, tiic fermenting the stalks along with the skins. In the centre and north of France, where the lighter and weaker wines are made, the retention oi the stalk in the fermenting must is found to be indispensable to a healthy fermentation; and one writer, Henri Macuard, expresses himself very strongly in favour of their retention, and considers their presence at the commencement of the fermentation as requi site to making a good wine. The wines of Bur gundy bear testimony to the advantage of retaining tlie stalk, while the Medoc wines are evidence that wines of the highest quality can be made where the stalk is rejected. Those who advocate the re tention of the 5talk maintaiu that their grapes are deficient in tannin, and that the stalk communi cates this substance which is essential to a healthy fermentation and a good sound wine. The pre sence ofrtlie stalk certainly incites a more vigorous fermentation, and where there is danger of the attenuation being incomplete the addition of at least a portion of the stalks might be advan tageous. In this colony we have been averse from the retention of the stalk, believing that there was no want of tannin in om grapes, and that the stalks could only communicate a woody and ver juice taste to the wine. The stalks of the tfousillon varieties, so largely cultivated here, are much coarser than those of the kinds generaily grown in France, and might he objectionable; while the smallllne stalks of the Carbinets, Scyras, and others might lie used without fear of any injurious qualitv. * When the grapes and stalks areiall perfect and allowed to ferment together, it is generally necessary,' says Mulder, 'that the fruit should be ripe for the stalks to look brown; the hard green stalks would spoil the wine, though they are sometimes considered indispensable in order to increase tlie quantity of tannic acid.' Another subject connected with tlie fermentation of red wiues has been lately brought prominently forward by French writers—this is tlie early drawing oft' from the vat. It has generally been the custom in France to follow a rigid rule, prescribed by custom, of drawing off the wine from tiie vat at a stated time. Each locality had its own limit, and this varied from two days to 40 or more. Macliard, Odart, and others, whose ex perience has been among the more delicate and ti <er wines of France, urgently recommeud the early drawing oft' from the vat; but furnish us with no guide by referring to the degree of attenua tion at which the process should take place. ' When the must loses its sugary taste, and as sumes its winy flavour,' is the period vaguely indicated as that at which the decuvagc should lie made. The colour, it is said, is extracted from the skins at an early period of the fermentation, and after this no good can result from the con tmued action ot the skins on the fermenting must, hut the contrary, as the coarser extractive matters are thus communicated to the wine, and cannot be got rid of, and the wineN rendered potable for a long period of time; whereas, when the wine is drawn oS' earlier from the vat; and allowed to finish its fermentation in the cask, the result is a wine much superior in delicacy and flavour, and much sooner ready for use. Machard, who is very decided in his opinions on this subject, as well as j the retention of the stalk, lays down as of universal application the following mode of management * Excellent® tenue des tonneaux; cuvage avcc la | grappe; cuvage de courte duree (imitation de la Bourgognc, par example, exoellente models a suivre sous ce rapport); freguente usage de la medic; soutirage riguereuxen mars; remplissagcs j tres frequents, au ce qui revient au meme, jamais de vidauge. Kous demanderous quels sentient Ies vignobles, fusent Us meridiauaux, iutcrmediaires, ou septentrianaux qui auraient a souii'rier ! ; de son adoption ? Aucuns bien certainement,' j From the great tendency to acid degeneration in ; red wines, we might iiave expected that the close I vats would have been rigidly adhered to; and so I we find it in the great majority of vineyards in France, bat there are some notable instances of the opposite system being the rule, as in the lliir ! gundy wines already mentioned. These wines i undergo an extreme exposure in the vat without injury, and their manipulation is altogether so remarkable as to excite the astonishment of the merely scientific anologue. Tile grapes, after being trodden, are allowed to ferment, husks, stalks, and all, in open vats of moderate dimensions. As soon as fermentation begins the mark rises to the surface, and forms a cliapeau, which would soon pass into a state of acidity were it allowed to remain exposed for any time. To prerent this, one or two men stripped to the skin jump into the vat and beat down the mark under the surface and mix it with the must. In a short time the cliapeau I forms again, and the same process of heating down ] has to be repeated several times until the wine is j drawn oil from the vat 4S hoars after the fermeu ] tation commenced. Short as this exposure is, it is | sucli as few of us would like to expose our wines to j in this colony. The fear of acetificatiou is founded on experience, which has taught us to dread auy j thing tending to induce this l£;e '.wis of the ; winegrower. The elements of vinegar are | often formed in the early stages of fermen | tation, and remain hid for a time; but they development and rapid conversion into vinegar. | The formation of vinegar, modern chemistry has ; shown, is not immediate. From the first absorp tion of oxygen is formed the Aldabyde of Dobir einer, or dehydrogenated alcohol; a further | oxygenation converts this into acetous acid, which, i ; by au additional exposure becomes acetic acid or ■ ! vinegar. It is the first oxygenation, then, which ! we uread; and has led to the rule almost univer sally followed here, of rigid exclusion of the air during the whole process of fermentation, and also | afterwards in the cask. _ There is cno important winegrowing district of France to which- no reference has been made, and which has been left I to the last, as of special interest to us. This is i the extreme south, bordering on the Mediter- . raneau and the Pyrenees. There the climate j more nearly resembles our own; and there we j find chiefly, and in some places exclusively, the : varieties which succeed so well in our warmer ; districts—Grenaclie, Mataro, and Carignan. It is i more than 3d years since Mr. Busby visited that ! partof France, during his extensive tour through ] the wine countries of Europe, the account of which, j in his journal, has afforded us so much pleasuie and instruction. Being desirous of knowing what change had taken place in their practice in the interval between Busby's visit and the present time, I requested Mr. Davenport when about to visit Europe last year to make some enquiries on the subject He kindly undertook to do so, and how completely he carried out my wish will be seen from the following minute and clear account of his investigations which he sent to me. I need make no apology to himself for making use of this information on the present occasion:— 'Montpellier, May 17, ISffi.—We have just returned | from Perpignan and Kivesaltes from an interview with the Durands, of whom Busby speaks so much,' | and'from an inspection of the principal Xtoussillon vineyard, " Masdieu" for the specific good quality of the winelof which, as "Masdieu fiiussiilon," they have established a name, at least in this part of flie world. Your questions were—Do they keep down the husks among the fermenting liquid by , means of a false lid? Are the stalks retained? Is the fermentation allowed to proceed upon the | i husks until perfect attenuation is obtained? or is the must run off into another vat before the fer mentation is completed? Now the processes I detail are those stated to me on the spot by the manager of the establishment. I could sec nothing of these processes at this the spring of the tffear. The grapes, as fast as gathered, are delivered on the press- floor. Of tue press-floor there are two descriptions—1st, that which constitutes also the roof of an e.riensive "cuve en maqonerie' (like a great tank of mason-work, cemented within); and 2nd, that which shifts frcm tonneau to tonneau, so that the expressed juice runs out at its lower end into the tonneau it serves. This last floor lias elevated edges, aud has no aperture for the fluid or stalk matter, except the hole at the lower end, so constructed as to fit the mouths of the tonneaux. i But the first is a treading-floor in the true sense, ! composedof planks restingon beams over the whole aperture of the cuve, and allowing the passage of all that has been trodden out to pass through the intervals left between the planksof about an inch, regulated by wooden pegs. The area of this last floor was 13 feet x 14, and the depth of the cuve 21 feet. The tonneaux contaiu about 300 charges each, 120 quarts to a charge (this is 9,000 gallons); there are 10 tonneaux. In passing, I may remark that at Masdieu the manager told me they liked the cuve en magonerie as well as the wooden tonneaux or vats for wine. I find, however, that others hold an opinion not so favourable to the masonry cures. The treatment of the grapes is the same whether taken to one floor or tue other. They are trodden out; the stalks and all pass into the cuveorthe tonneaux without any previous egiap page, or removal of the stalks, and the whole is left to ferment for 40 days, neither the cuve nor the tonneaux being filled to within 18 inches or two feet of the top. During the 40 days of the cuvage, the treading-floor which constituted its roof or ceiling (as described above) is filled in by slips of wood suited to its interstices, and mortar spread over these;, whilst over the mouths of the tonneaux a slight covering is laid loosely so as not to impede the passage of gas from within- At the end of 40 days the wine is pumped out into fresh tonneaux, it heing then very clear (as I under stand), and the lees are taken and placed under a strong screw-press for the purpose of extracting any fluid yet left for distillation or for poorer wines." About three months after (say the 40 days e: plied in December it would be March) they again pump the wine into a second series of fresh tonneaux, keeping a supply aside to fill up the tonneaux diminished by desiccation. At tkis the second pumping they add brandy in the pro portion of two quarts to every 120 quarts—that is, two litres to every charge. So much for Bous Billion. I compare it with the process in two vine yards visited here—one of 300 acres, producing good wine; the other small. In both the grapes i are crushed by a machine, in which one cylinder ; works on another, after the fashion, or partially so, of the cylinders you have; and the skins and ; stalks all pass-into the vat, as tiie proprietors in both cases said they preferred. But, unlike the process at Masdieu, the wine is drawn from the lei iees at seven, eight, or nine days <not 40 days), and the vats are left open at their mouths until the fermentation has entirely ceased, when they are filled up and plastered down with a kind of mortar or cement. Now, I have merely detailed to you what has been elicited by my own unsophisticated means. Bad I any experience and knowledge of winemaking I feel that I could draw far more : profit from conversation with these people than I I do. Still, if you can find any good in it I shall be | glad so far to have answered your questions.® : Nothing could be most distinct or explicit than the foregoing description of the proceedings as followed at Masdieu, and tliese are particularly .worthy, of note; as the varieties from which this wine is made are those found admi rably .adapted to our warmer districts, and which have now fairly established them selves among us. Masdieu may not enjoy a very high reputation; but, judging from the London prices current, it must be .a wine of no mean character, and it will be well for us when our wines have gained such a standing in Europe. By attention and care, and the cultivation of some finer varieties, we must attempt something better, and I doubt not we shall attain our end. It is hardly necessary to dwell upon thiB subject further than to remark the great I length of time to which thecuvage and vatting—if I may use such a whrd—extends. Forty days is a very long period for this process—surely unneces sarily so—and could not be sustained with im punity, unless under the complete exclusion of the air; more especially as allthe mark is allowed tofloat during the time on the surface of the liquid. The high temperature of our climate during the vin tage forbids our following the same proceeding, were it otherwise advisable. Here, as elsewhere, we must use our discretion, for among the multi plicity of processes followed in the old wine countries we cannot find any definite rules to guide us in our new field of experiment. Allow me, in concluding, to apologize for the length and tcdious ness of my remarks, which have heen much more diiiuse than I had originally intended.* Mr. W. H. Trimmer enquired whether he un derstood that there were two floors in the vats. The Hon. ti. Davevport said Dr. Kelly had brought forward his letter as a £ghost from the dead, for he had almost forgotten having written to him, and he could not, without refreshing his memory, give them details of the establishment. The vats he saw at Koussillou, however, put him very much in mind of one he had seen at air. Bud's. The secoud floor he mentioned was first used as a treadiug-floor, there being interstices of about an inch between each plauk; but after- j wards, when the must got to within IS.inches or i two feet of this, laths were placed in the interstices | and the whole covered with lime, so as to form a ! ceiling to the vat. j Dr. Kelly stated that it was a principle in , wtuemakirig that there should be exposure before i fermentation. Mr. Babbage remarked that in a vat so large as that at jtoussillou the must would he aerated to j some extent while falling to tiie bottom, and when one part fermented, its influence would soon be communicated to the whole vat. The lion. J. 13ak.eb said the vat was not filled quite up to the ceiling, and there would therefore be a considerable weight of air resting upon the must. The Chairman thought that space would be required for the action of fermentation. Mr. Babbage considered tiiat the space left in the vat was required for the head of the wine. It would, he supposed, take two days to fiil the vat, by which time the must would have been so aerated as to promote vigorous fermentation, and the space mentioned would therefore be neces sary. ill-. Boll could not tliink there could he perfect aeration in the manner suggested by 3Ir, Babbage, as it would not then be necessary to leave the must m the vat for 40 days. Br. Kelly agreed with Mr. Bull that the ex posure to aeration could be very small indeed. The proper wajT oi exposing the must would be in the manner proposed by Air. Crawford. It was well known that crushing by rollers had been generally given up in favour of treading, by which means a greater exposure was made. Air. Crawford, with regard to the sulphuring of casks, suggested that the cask when sulphured should he placed j ust under the cask to be racked. As the wine tilled the cask the sulphur would be driven out, and in this means the atmospheric air would be excluded. Sir. Babbage could not agree with that. If that was all, the better way would be to pump in carbonic acid gas instead of the sulphur. His opinion of the action of sulphur was that the vapours generated by it were very greedy of oxygen, and thoroughly cleared the surface of the liquid from that gas. This was known to be the case, because if they sulphured excessively they would make the wine too acid. Air. CRAWFORD agreed that the object of sul phuring was to destroy the oxygen. Br. Kelly said he could give no information on the subject as a chemist. The subject of sulphur ing was one of very great importance. He had heard that frequent sulphuring produced a sulphurous taste in the wine, and he accounted for it thus:—Generally the sulphur was burned in a rag, which, when in a state of combus tion, produced sulphurate of carbon—one of the most disagreeable smells that could be imagined— i and it was this which gave the sulphurous taste to the wine. He suggested the use of an iron cup coutainiug a small lump of sulpliur, which, when ignited, should he moved about in the cask. The Chairman, at this stage, said they must all have listened with great profit to the papers which had been read that day, aud which would prove of value to all who were interested iu the manufac ture of wine—an interest which was increasing in importance every day. He would here mention , that the Secretary would be glad to receive j subscriptions, and to take the names of any fresh I members. Air. Ban, suggested that some gentleman might promise to read a paper at a future time on the after-management of wine. The Hon. J. Baker strongly urged all present to support the Society, and endeavour to increase its numbers. It was impossible that a few gentlemen would be able to carry it on by themselves, and the Secretary, who was not a paid officer, was unable to collect subscriptions. The Hon. S. Davenport moved a vote of thanks to the gentlemen who had read the papers that day. expressing a wish that their funds would en able them to print and circulate them. The motion was seconded by Air. Babbage, and I carried unanimously. I Air. Crawford here suggested that the Associa 1 tion should take some steps towardsmeinorializing ! the Government with reierence to the spirit they ! required for fortifying their wines. At present it i was very annoying to have the exciseman con I stantly coming on their premises. He thought there could be no objection to allowing a person a certain quantity of spirit according to the size of his vineyard, for wliich spirit he should give a proper account. The Chaibsian remarked that it would perhaps be better to leave that matter for discussion in Council, by whom some recommendation might lie made to the Government. The Hon. J. Baker thought that meeting might throw out some useful suggestions. The plan suggested by Air. Crawford would, he thought, place power to defraud the revenue iu the hands of winegrowers. He thought a person having a quan tity of wine might mix the spirit he got from the bonded store with a portion of his wine. He could tlicu use the liighly-brandied wine, while the spirit itself would not be fit for drinking. I Mr. Bull said he had the very same idea on the subject as had been proposed by Air. Baker. At present it was a great nuisance to get the spirit from the bonded store, and wait until an officer was present before they could use it. By such a concession as this the extension of small stills, which were increasing in t he colony, would be pre vented. He had not, however, met with any colo nial spirit which he should like to use in his wine. The Chairman stated that he had frequently urged the suggestion thrown out by Air. Baker, that winegrowers might mix a certain amount of spirit with their wine and use it at their discretion. He felt, however, this difficulty. If some dishonest wiuemakers were allowed to mix 50 per cent, of spirits with their wine they might defraud the revenue by afterwards extracting the brandy and selling it again. As a winemaker, lie was alto gether opposed to the use of stills, and if there were no stills on the premises' the Government would have nothing to fear from the objection he had raised. The Hon. J. Baker remarked that some years ago lie was accused of advocating free distillation on selfish grounds. It happened then that he had 4,000 gallons of wine, which, if he had distilled, he calculated that he should have had above 400 gallons of 3s. b'd. spirit, whereas lie sold the whole of the wine at 4s. .Gd. a gallon. As to the objection raised by the Chairman, he thought the spirit afterwards extracted from the wine would be of a very inferior character. The Chairman said Government had complained i that illicit distillation existed to a large extent in the colony, and if winegrowers were allowed to do what Air. Baker suggested they would be, this would he carried on in a more wholesale manner. Br. Kelly considered this was a most difficult question, and one that he could hardly see they could improve. Illicit distillation was going on; and how could it be otherwise with a duty of IOs. a gallon on spirit: In Ireland or Scotlaud hun dreds lived by this illicit trade, though the duty was only 5s. Then look at the army of excise which had to be supported at tbe cost of millions, andif it could not be prevented in a small island like Britain, how could it be put down here, where the population was so diffuse? He had made better brandy than the liigh-priced spirits in the market. They were quite justified in claiming as a right permission to distil from their own garden produce. Air. Babbage should be sorry indeed to have it supposed that no distillation was required here (Hear, hear)—and also that they we e unable to make spirits equal to those imported. Nearly £11)0,000 a year was sent out of the colony in spirit duties: hut he believed that before many jTears this colony would rival Europe in the production of spirits.. "Why should they put up with the present state of tilings? Why should they be such faithless children of the vine as not to make use of the exuberant vegetation nature had blessed them with? He thought if the wine makers were polled their present Chairman would be in the minority. (Applause.) If they thought they could make spirits which would answer the purpose, why should they be prqvented from em ploying their time, energies, and knowledge in doing so? The Chairman said he had expressed his own personal view on distillation, and he had reasons which, to his mind, were conclusive, that free dis tillation would be of no benefit to the winegrower at the present time. The Hon. J. Baker must protest againsfc the Chairman's opinion going forth as the opinion of that meeting, for he entirely dissented from it. He thought it was hardly worth while throwing out these objections. Their object was to ask for what they wanted, and not to raise objections which might not occur to the Government. The Chairman said he had already stated that he did not give his opinion as Chairman of the meeting. Having mentioned that a show of wine would be held in May, A vote of thanks was accorded to the Chair, after which the meeting broke up. 