THE LETtER G. ; from Barpir'e Neve York Magazine Made. you are an angel" Oh, Peter 1" exclaimed the angel, blushing like the rosy dawn. ..... It was summer-time. The two were sitting in a honeysuckle scented arbour, out of which they walked, engaged to be married. How can I help it if my hero's name is Peter ? I don't invent like other story-tellers and this is an' narre hue tale. i Next day when Master Peter Brooks, sumptuously; attired for the occasion, asked Mr. Bolton, with whom he was a great favourite, for the hand of his daughter, that old gentleman refused him plump. It was a most touching condition of things: Two despairing lovers, a cruel step-mother, and a hard-hearted father, often regie. Very well, my dear," the step-mother had obey Hived to her husband the night previous-" very well. You have permitted that boy, not yet out of college and not worth a cent, to come here, day after day, BBngiug round Madge, the consequence of which, is that he and she walk in from the bower last evening aW joy and blushes, evidently having exchanged mutual vows of everlasting love." Bless my soul ! you don't say so !" "Yes I do. They are two children, and don't know any better at least Madge don't. As to that Brooks boy, you know he has only the eight hundred djlUrj with his grandfather left him, unless his uncle chooses to give him something very brilliant and ance for your heiress. Come to think of it, I dare say he does not love her he is after your money." "After my money !" A dart of indignation flamed out of the good man's eyes. "Not love my precious little girl ! What if she loves him, and breaks her heart about him !" , "Bleak her heart! she won't break her little finger. She will sob and cry, lament and sigh for six hours, and forget all about him in six days." ! And thus it came to pass that the next day Peter was received with tremendous stiffness, his hand and beaitpooh-pooh'd, and his handsome person shown the door. I I shall not harrow up my reader's sensitive feelings with an account of the unspeakable anguish which the lovers endured for some days after this, because worse is coming. We will hasten on to the miserably blissful day. late in August, when Madge ran away to the city of New York, per railroad, with a carpet-bag and Peter. They arrived in the dusk of evening, and made instant search for a clergyman. They found one who united them in five minutes, and wrote a cer increase in two more and behold "man and wife, walked forth in the sweet moonlit night, Peter strutting like a warlike birnam in his pride and happiness. Love's young dream. For six weeks it was like a etery out of an Annual. The regulation penitential letter had been written to the obdurate parents, and the regulation no answer had been returned for Mrs. Bolton took precious good care to have an unfailing supply of caustic on the end of her tongue, which kept Mr. Bolton's rage up to burning heat. For ter had engaged apartments in the Byron House, Tiftb. Avenue-not too expensive, you know, for we are going to be very economical, as the ensuing conversation will show, which took place a week after the marriage. The two had written letters again-he to his uncle and guardian, for Peter was an orphan and Madge to her father, giving their present address. They were eating dinner-soup, a partridge, macaroni, salad, and meringues glacial perfectly plain, and of course cheap. " Ah I " cried Peter, laying down his knife and fork to rub his hands gleefully, " ah I isn't it gorgeous ! a cozy little parlour, a capital little dinner, and a lonely little wife. I would not change with the king on his throne." " Ner I we shall get along so beautifully. We must he very practical, you know. Now, let's call culate expenses. How much did your grandpapa leave you?" "Eight hundred dollars." < "Eight-hundred-dollars! Goodness! what an enormous sum ! why papa never gave me more than twenty dollars at a time. Now let's count ;" and she took a tiny gold pencil out of her pocket, and a scrip of paper from a little table. "How much do we pay here?" > Fifty dollars a week-that's rent, you know." " Yes, fifty dollars ; four weeks one month ; four times fifty, two hundred. Well, rooms two hundred dollars a month. There, I've got that down. Now what else, Peter" "Meals." " Oh yes, meals. They will cost hardly anything, we eat so little. I only want chicken, and meringue, and (such things." " Say fifty dollars a month." " Yes. Oh how nicely we are getting on ! Then my dress. Let me see I saw mamma's bill at Stewart's last year. It was twenty-two hundred dollars. But, bless your dear heart, I shan't spend a cent hardly ; say fifty dollars a month for me, and another for you. You don't have to give more than fifty dollars for a pair of pantaloons, do your" "No, you little goose ! not half of fifty. My uncle did not allow me as much a month for my whole wardrobe." "Well, then, that will do splendidly. And we must have some nice books." ' ' " And go to the opera sometimes." " And have a carriage to make visits." ' ' " And a good cigar or two. George ! what a long column !" ejaculated Peter, stopping about. " I think we had better count up." He made a hasty calcula- tion, and the result' stood as follows :- ' Dollars. Rent of room .... .... 200 Meals .... 60 Dress (Madge).. .. ,,., .. SO Dress (Peter) .... . ,. 50 Opera.. .... ' at ., 20 Books .... .... 20 Carriage .... , ,., i ., 20 Cigars .. ,, .., ,. .. 10 ' { ' ' ' '153 Madge looked perfectly blank at the sum total, and could not help a little tremble in her voice as she said,-" But you know, dear, we cannot do without these things, can we ? " " No, darling, though it makes my grandfather's bequest melt away like snow under the sun." At this moment a servant entered and said, some trunks and a small parcel had come for Mrs. Brooks. "For Mrs. Brooks?" repeated Peter j send them Two large trunks were brought into the room, and a packet handed to Madge. " Why, how heavy it is ! What can it be-a bracelet ? Yes, it feels like one, and from dear papa ! He has forgiven us ! he has forgiven us ! " and she gave a little skip and crew of joy. ' Her colour went and came, and she held the packet still sealed, a vague dread creeping through her joy. " Open it, darling," said her husband. Madge did so with trembling fingers, and took out the keys of her trunks and her last letter unopened. The reaction and disappointment were so bitter that, she burst into tears just as the servant had knocked, entered, and handed a letter to Peter. "Never mind, darling," he said, kissing her tenderly. " It is all the doings of that horrid old step- mother. Hullo! here is a letter from my uncle;, he couldn't hold out any longer. I told you he was a regular brick ; we're all right never you fear." He broke the seal, Inclosed was his own appeal unopened, and a short pithy note from his uncle, stating that as his hopeful nephew had chosen to go and made a donkey of himself before he was twenty years old, he might run through his little property as fast 88 he pleased, and break his wife's heart in the bargain ; but he was not to expect any assistance by word or deed stone, etc., etc." .. ll.Wh,t 8 thundering old flint 1" ejaculated Peter. "What a deuce of a fixed " Deuce of a fix ? There's the eight hundred dol l**ai'de*r, and we will be so very, very economical. IU go and pack my trunks ; perhaps papa has put some money in them." , , . She ran into the next room, radiant with this hope, just as the servant entered and headed an open envelope to Peter. It was a bill, and read thus :- ' ' . Byron House, August 31, 1863. e, m Dollars. To rent of room No. 2 and No. ; one > week. . £6 ( calls private parlour and attendance. £6 ( Gas, one week.. .... 3-: Sundries, one-week ,; .. jo ' lï.y^Vi'0?01** a Inafter here goes nearly a hundred dollerifor one week's board 17 exclaimed Peter, the picture of dismay., I I had so idea accost ache prodigious amount to live ! How could we eat «pftirty-fivedolUv* in one week ! , We must be two' jgpuw7ogre» 1 Thunder, this is a fix and no pia ^.r¥J.,,d"Haeî *«te»Vwhatare.you .ayingalltnose' needful words about? What is the matter ?" cried May ignored the odd days is easy of the months. Madge, mining in from her trunks. "What has happened to give you such a terrible long face ?" and, the put up her month for a kiss. < "Only a corn sheaf," answered Peter, giving the kiss. " Our letters are sent back, and here is a bill for nearly one hundred dollars for one week's board." * ' "One hundred dollars? It's perfectly monstrous Let's go somewhere else, dear; the Saint Ronald or the Coleridge. I'm sure they can't charge such wicked prices ! We boarded at the Coleridge last winter. I don't know what paper paid, but we had a great big parlour with the loveliest cur 1 trains, and such a splendid mantel glass, and a perfectly elegant Wilton carpet; and I remember papa said the charge was very reasonable, considering." " Was it, darling ?" Then we will go and try." They set off in high glee to get cheaper accommodations at Saint Ronald Hotel, but found upon in4 quiry, to their unspeakable astonishment, that the same style of rooms would cost them just double, I This wouldn't do; the Coleridge was very little better and our two children went back to the Byron not knowing where else to, go, and staid five weeks longer, to the tune of six hundred dollars more, counting incidental expenses; and then there was just two hundred left in the bank. . ' They had had such a delightful time Peter, still all lover, could not resist bringing home, ence in a while, a basket of fragrant flowers to his darling, in whose lap he would gladly have poured all Tiffany's ventures. They had given two little recherche dinners to friends of Peter's who had happened in town, and his of rich dB had slapped him on the back and volubly envied him the possession of such an angel and he loved her, if possible, a thousand times more than ever. But now another guest came: a scarcely-defined shadow of Care began to sit at the table unbidden. It was now the 1st of October. People were beginning to come into the city for winter quarters. The proprietor of the hotel wished Peter to engage the room he occupied, at least until January-just such rooms, he said, were wanted by the acre." It was plain that they must leave. ¡ In the evening after this, as the poor boy looked at the beautiful, unconscious face of his wife, and thought how much curtains', chickens, and other bare necessaries cost, and how very little money was left, and how soon they might come to utter destitution, he suddenly groaned aloud and wrung his hands. ¡ "Darling, what is the matter?" cried Madge, running to him and kissing him. " Peter, what made you utter that dreadful groan ? " i " We are beggars " moaned Peter. a " What ? You don't mean it ! Can't we get some more money somewhere?" "Yes; we can beg, borrow, or steal." " Oh, Peter ! "-and the little hands went up in dismay ; two piteous eyes became dim with big tears then use ft arm went curling round his neck. " We have each other, darling ! " said her loving, pleading voice. "We can work, I know how to crochet very well, and you write such heavenly poetry ! I'm sure somebody will give you loads of money for it. Just think of that sweet thing you wrote about me 1 I'll tell you what," she continued, suddenly brightening up, let's go' to housekeeping not in a whole house, you know, but in two rooms, like Mrs. Jones, mamma's seamstress, did when she married the carpenter. That will be the very thing ! I'll go to market, and cook. I know how to stir a pudding-I did n ence for fun ! Yes, I am certain I shall be a capital poor man's wife, and we shall get on famously. What fun ! Will you, dear ?" Good little wife 1 precious little soul ! sly little woman ! cheating him out of his heart ache to hide it with her own. Oh, what an artful with every good wife must learn to he ! And so this extra designing one got her husband to do her bidding with tolerable philosophy for in two days the lost hotel bill was paid, and our young couple settled in three small, plainly furnished rooms, in the third story of a shabby house in a retired street where, with a little cooking stove, a large cookery book, just one hundred and fifty dollars, and undiminished affection for each other, they began this new phase of their married life. Peter went vaguely about in search of employment, and Madge did the marketing. Such fun as it was The first day she sallied forth with a small basket on her she bought a chicken, which she put in her basket; then went to a grocery store which the butcher had recommended, and asked for butter. She must taste it, of course, for Peter was very particular indeed about butter- so she told the grocer. ' "Yes, mum," he said, "I keeps the primest butter in market and this is only thirty-eight cents." ' "Thirty, eight cents, is it? Well, it is excellent ! You may send it home.'" "Betel the tub, mum ?" Madge thought an instant, and decided that, as he was so kind as to offer, the tub might be a good thing to have in the house ; so she said " Oh, thank you 1 yes-send the tub, if you please and I want some macaroni- Peter is so fond of it." 1 " Ye f, mum. How much, mum ?" " How much do you usually sell to private families ?" "The genteelerest customers always takes a box, mum " l " Oh, do they Well, send it. If there is too much for once, you know-will it keep ?" 'sick bless you, mum ! keep a year," said the grocer, shaking with inward laughter. "Well, then, send the butter and macaroni with the bill, and she gave her address, and went joyfully home. She busied herself making the little rooms look as ha acting, as she could; and just before Peter came home she had popped her chicken in the oven attached to the cooking-stove, and was clapping her tiny hands, and laughing, and declaring to herself that, "after all, lace curtains and Wilton carpets were no great things." 1 When Peter came in he was followed up the i stairs and into the room by a man with a large, heavy tub on his shoulder. He set this down went out, and returned with a box about two feet square, marked "Macaroni." This he also set down, and taking a bill out of his hat handed it to Peter. "What the dence is this?" he cried: "Forty pounds of butter, at 38 cents a pound, 15 dollars 20 cents and thirty pounds of macaroni, at 20 cents a pound, 0 dollars! Who told you to bring this here ? " " Fifteen dollars for butter!" exclaimed Madge. , " Why, the dreadful man told me it was only 38 cents, and I didn't think there was more than two or three pounds." "Forty pounds, ma'am, in the tub; forty times thirty-eight, fifteen twenty ; all right, you see," said the man. "Oh, Peter, what An I do?" sobbed the poor child. "I was going to have everything to move; and there is such a lovely chicken cooking in the oven " " Never mind, darling ; we must pay for these things, I suppose ; they will last the rest of our lives and we will have the chicken, if it is done, for I am as hungry as a hawk." The bill was paid, and Madge dried her tears Peter and she set the table together, and were soon screaming with laughter over their own awkwardness, as man and maid of all work. A loaf of bread was placed on one corner, and some of the butter on I another. Then the chicken was taken out of the oven. It Was brown enough for one thing; and Peter, I thrusting his fork on either side of the breast bone, prepared to cut it. It was a momentous crisis, lodge's eyes grew wide with expectant pride and happiness in the success of this her first step in the majestic science of cooking. The knife fell, and a rattle, rattle, rattle, like small shot, went about half a pint of corn all over the dish ! Madge grew ghastly pale : nothing of this kind was ever in the chickens at her papa's table. What sort of a strange monster was it ? Peter gave one cut more dropped his knife and fork, and fell back in his chair, the image of conster- nation and despair. i Suddenly he darted up, clapped his hands, and tore round, the room, screaming with laughter. "Oh, oh, hold me !" he cried, "I shall burst. She forgot to take the inside out-the dear little innocent kitten ? She has cooked inside, crop, and 111. Ha ! ha ! Oh; what a brute I am !" ' With this sudden change of tune he ran to his wife" who sat, white and miserable," staring through fast dropping tears' at the unfortunate. chicken. If she had bought it with the feathers on, it would have gone into the oven all the same, with undoubting. faith, that it would come out ready for the table; and now to be so laughed at, and to deserve in-the was' ready to die with distress. ' ~ " I ? But after a while her husband" comforted her with the axiom, that accidents would occur in the best regulated families and then he went out and bought some pistols, and they had a' nice time after all. Poor, things! they were devoted to each other. Grim,, gaunt Poverty had not planted herself quite yet on their, hearth-stone, and love bravely held his sale at,,,- ',' i ' ' But the time did come. ' In vain had Peter tried to sell, his poetry and his wife's crochet work : I the. newspapers and fancy/stores declined; speculating in amateur.perfcnnancea.i ,,A1im.J»*now jfelloyTun known to his wife, had answered two advertisements, one of which directed the anxious inquirer to send four postage stamps, and receive in return an infallible i rec. ipt for making a fortune-no capital required. Peter got liberal directions how to make profits pouring the mixture out of an oil-feeder, cor king, and afterward carrying them found for sale kept hot on a portable stove. The other proved to be an invitation, as he was " small and spray," to use a tegro-ainÈtiel band, in the capacity of female dancer. It was now November, and Mr. Bolton had come to the city with his wife. Madam had kept the whip hand over him in splendid style for he had not dared to write to his little Madge, and forgive her, as he longed to do. " Wait a while," said the superior power. " Master Brooke's money will certainly last six months. After that, when it is gone, and they have felt the consequence of their disobedience, it will be time enough for forgiveness." And to the poor old man, with his gray hair a shade whiter, and one or two additional furrows in his kind, weak face, put his hands in his pockets, and went brooding up and down the house like a heavy old ghost; ; He took rooms at the Coleridge, and the very next day went wheeling, in an anxious, stupid way, all round the sidewalks of the Byron House, staring up at the windows, hoping to catch a glimpse of the sweet face he loved so dearly. Not succeding, he took courage, buttoned up his coat tight, and gave a desperate ring at the bell." i " What ? gone away ?" he echoed after the servant. "Gonewhete?" " Don't know, sir." "Don't know, you scoundrel! You do know. Tell me instantly, instantly, you rascal !" " You better ask at the office," said the man. The office did not know either. They had been gone since the 1st of October and the poor old chap went home with a big lump behind his left vest pocket, and a matter one in his throat, which would not go away. ' J Some weeks after this Mr. Bolton heard a lady who sat next him at dinner telling her neighbour on the other side of such an interesting young person, who had applied at their Society for work. "She could bring no references," the lady continued; .. but her sweet face and modest, trembling manner moved my pity, and I gave her some coarse sewing. She brought it back this morning, spotted here and there with tiny red dots of blood, which had come from her poor, little pricked fingers. She is evidently not used to needle-work, for the stitches are seven ways for Sunday and by no means presentable ; but I gave the pot i thing more work, and shall unpack some of the first and sew it- properly. She refused to tell me where she lived; "but I am certain there are some romantic cr sad circumstances attached to her present distitution." ' Mr. Belton listened with his lips apart and a blanched face. He began counting on his fingers, September, October, November; not quite three months. No, no," he thought, " it cannot be my darling God of read it ! My wife said his money would last six months." I'll at same evening he met the lady in the hall. "Madam," he said, his voice trembling, "I heard you telling at the dinner table to-day about a poor young creature who was trying to earn bread. * Give her this, and God bless you !" He put a fifty-dollar note in her hand, and almost ran away. The lady looked extremely astonished, then extremely thankful for she had taken a singular interest in this case. But it teas Madge who had come to this pitiful pass ! Day after day had her husband rushed desperately out, determined to saw wood if he could do no better, while the weeping little wife sat alone brooding and brooding, thinking how to be beforehand with utter destitution. They owed for rent, and starvation with giant strides was close at hand. Then she bethought herself of applying to her landlady. She seemed kind- hearted in her rough way, and the hapless girl went down, timidly knocked at her door, and, when bidden to enter, told her wishes. " " Can you do braiding on merino ? I can get you lots of that." - ' "Not well, I am afraid," answered Madge, sadly. "It would rather try some very plain sewing." " Why, can't you define sewing ?" said the woman, with a shade of contempt in her voice. " I'll put my Jane again any sewing-machine in the world for nice even stitches. If you can't sew well why don't you get a machine ? You can't help making nice work with that." ! She might as well have asked why she didn't leave this sorrowful world and fly up to the moon on a broom- stick. Madge simply said she could not buy a sewing machine ; whereupon the good soul twisted her brows,' and bit her thumb, and having thus refreshed her memory said; "I believe the ladies in Transfigura- tion Church gives out work to poor folks. You might try there, and to-day is the day." Poor little Madge thanked her and, lest her courage should frail, hurried on her bonnet and shawl and almost ran to the church, with what success you have already learned. ' Meanwhile Peter had got copying to do for a lawyer ; end thus the two barely managed to keep the wolf from the door. More they could not do, except to love one another and this love melted, like elect! city, the iron chains of despair as fast as the cruel links were forged, and kept their hearts from three king. They began to look gaunt and hungry. They were wretchedly shabby in their dress, for the best of their, war drobe had gone, long since, to the pawnbroker's. Yes, they had learned the way to that dreadful tomb, where, laid away like corpses, were myriad tokens of better days, and with them unutterable anguish. But they loved each other and in their wildest misery they learned to trust in God ; they learned to kneel together and pray to Him at sunrising and nightfall, and were thus served to endure the daily presence of the sword which hung over their heads, not know it when its hard and glittering blade would fall. One day when Madge teak back her work she looked to unusually was, almost said that her kind friend, with delicate questioning, bogged once more to kLOw her history. It was the first time the Society had met after Mr. Bolton had given the fifty dollar note, and Mrs. Easton was anxious to bestow it immediately ; but at the first inquiry Madge's trembling 1 ps closed, after one little deep sob, and she froze into a white statue. Thee Mrs. Easton tried on tended harshness. " Your sewing is very badly done, Mrs. King" (she had given this name) ; " it is always spotted with blood. I can help you, perhaps, in a better way, I can assist you with money, and-" " Madame !" Up the blood rushed to her face, forth Anthea a dart from her eyes, and trembling all over, she cried : " I do not want your money I want work 1" Then nature, resenting the fierce struggle with her pride, gave way suddenly, and she sank down, fainting, in the floor, one hand pressed against her crushed and bleeding heart, which that offer of money had torn like a barbed arrow. Mrs. Easton hastened to call assistance and unloose the dress of the poor little creature. After a while a faint colour came creeping back to her lips, and she made a feeble attempt to rise. But she was powerless, and she lay there' tearing, hoping, that she should die ; uttering half unconscious farewells to her husband, who would go back to his uncle and be for- given. She was quite broken dawn and so her friend and another lady, putting their arms tenderly round her, raised her to her feet, and assisted her into Mrs. Boston's own carriage at the door ; and Madge was forced to whisper her address, and glad to he with her head on the other's kind breast until they arrived rather poor home. Then, when she had been gently laid upon her own bed, and Mrs. Easton had smoothed back her hair, and kissed her, Madge opened her heart, and, with stormy, scalding tears, told all her story except her name., > < , " "Sixteen and nineteen! two mere children, and struggling for bread!'" murmured Mrs. Elston. , " Something must be done, and instantly." She looked round the room. It was as neat as hands could make it, but cold, dreary, for the small fire in the little stove made poor resistance against a gloomy December day. She did not dare to buy food and send it to Madge, whose resolute words, "I want work " still ring in her ears, and defied her to make a pensioner on charity of this young thing, at once so, frail and the indomitable. ' Suddenly a thought struck her, and affectionately, patting'Madge's cheek, (she said a sTake courue,dear-take hope to your heart. The words hu,pái'eeá.^ Since you will not take member for your bitter needs, will send You that which will make honey for you this evening, if I can. > Good-bye. Keep up a brave heart, better times are coming.'' j s ' the called up the woman who let the rooms, and saw. her replenish the been and then went away ; While 'Midge, still too weak to tip,[lay,"with doted eyes, wondering over her friend's words, and soon after; fell into a dreamless sleep. n , Towards evening it grew stormy! Pete had written and write all day. until the character danced on the ^f 154.5** "î" bMin felt I*1-""»«* "? T J Ross S Reid roll ' of MSS, which must be copied that evening'. Desilate, miA sister. wanted- grey' 5-2 reef! li. LI. he panted a moment of his room door to fall into his haggard countenance a hopeful look for these two loving hearts wore masks, when in each other's parts enter. Yes, they acted such white, white lies, as God, in his mercy and compassion, will surely forgive. I He opened the door ; he glanced at the bed ; a great shudder she ok his frame, and a black veil seemed to come down over his eyes. She lay there so still, her face so white in such a deathlike hush: Was it sheet or shroud which covered her I " Madge !" How strange his voice sounded, like a far-away hoarse whisper. Mastering his awful terror, with a strong effort he advanced to the bed ; leaned over, straining his eyes filled with fear, and saw the gentle rise and fall of ner quiet breathing! " Thank God, it is not death but sleep " he almost screamed. He broke down utterly ; he flung himself on his knees at the foot of the bed, and buried his face in the clothes. Great cobB him from his labouring, heaving breast ; the veins in his temples stood out terise like colds ; then a hot rain of tears poured from his eyes, and his cry was " My little wife ! my little, little wife I thought I had much defied her." ' In vain Madge, who had started up in affright at his first exclamation, implored him to look at her; to speak to her; to stop those * dreadful tears. His passionate anguish would have way, and remorse was tugging at his heart- strings ; he had deliberately robbed the darling of every earthly comfort so it seemed now to him his selfish love confronted him, and. pointing at the wan face and emaciated figure of his wife, held him to the rack, and kept him there. I " Madge, Madge ! " he said, in a tone of such bitter sadness that it brought great wistful tears in her eyes, "I wonder you do not curse the day you ever saw my face. Let me take you back to your father and go my way alone. I will kneel to him! I will kiss his feet !" he cried frantically ; " but you, shall no longer die by inches ! I have been cruel ! I am a wretch ! O God ! help me to save my darling, my little, little wife. "V you don't love me, then; you want to send me away :" and her cheek grew livid, her breast heaved, and her woeful eyes grew more hollow and shadowy «' Oh, Madge, you know better ! You know how wholly, entirely, my heart is yours. It is because I have loved you so selfishly, and stolen from you all the bloom, and light, and bliss of youth that I wish to save you. Why were you lying in that deathlike Sleep ? Was it not exhaustion from overwork ?" ; " Why no, dear, nothing of the kind ;" and with changing colour she recounted the adventures of the morning, and the strange, hopeful language of her friend Mrs. Bastow. ' ¡ Then she rose, and steadying herself so that her husband should not see how weak she still was, hastened to make a cup of tea, for they both sadly needed this innocent cheer. If she had dared she would have brought out two tiny mutton chops, put away for the next day's dinner'; but there was the next day" Sitting on the chops, like a goblin keeping guard, and she shut the cupboard door with a sigh. They had just sat down to the tea and some dry toast for the last of the tub of butter had been eaten the day before. It had lasted three months, and had been a capital purchase after all but to have any more of so great a luxury was not to be thought of. Madge had poured out one cup of tea, when some one knocked at the door Being bidden to enter a man came in with a small table on his shoulder. He set it down, went out, returned with a vast bundle, set that down, and said there was nothing to pay, and vanished. " borne amiable lunatic seems to have sent us a piece of furniture," said Peter. " I haven't the slightest idea what it can mean, dear. What an odd little table, isn't it, with such a strange ornament in the middle of it I declare it looks like B big letter G. How funny ! What can that man " " Being sent to you, it stands for little goose, darling," said Peter, getting up from his untasted tea, Mid going round to the mysterious table to ex s mine it. ..' Don't you see what it is It's a sewing machine." ' No, it isn't, dear. I've seen one at Mrs. Jones's -mama's seamstress-and it was not the least like this-." "I tell you it is," insisted Peter. "Here's the wheel and here's the place for the foot. Listen.", He gently moved the treadle, and in a moment an almost imperceptible tick "tick, tick" was heard, like the faint echo of a cheery little cricket on the hearth. Then Peter opened a small drawer in it were three or four strange- looking little instruments, some needles, and a pamphlet. He took the last out, and turned over the leaves. " Oh," he said, " those odd-looking steel customers are hammers, fellers, wreath, ye, are they? And here are some jolly directions for using it. I tell you what. Madge, it will he just next to nothing to turn out a dress with twenty-nine flounces. Gorgeous letter G !" But what was that foolish little Madge dying standing there so absorbed and silent ? ijOh ! was this blessed relief meant for her ? With a pale face and clasped hands she listened to her hue. hand, her gaze fastened on the magical letter which had power to bring such unutterable comfort to their he mt-debts paid, sufficient food, bright fires. All at once Mrs, Easton's words I will send you that which will make money for you flashed into her mind She understood ! Her heart beat loud and fast, and then tide upon tide of rosy colour over- spread her face and neck, until, at last sinking slowly upon her knees, the big tears bursting from her up like defies, she sobbed out, "Thank God! oh, thank God ! it is for me ! Now we need not starve !" The next instant she was raised and clasped in her husband's arms, and these two poor lonely children had a good cry together. " You won't think now of sending me home, darling, will you ?" murmured Madge, nestling close to his head. " Here is my home." And she pressed her soft cheek against him she was "just as high as her heart." She got a tight hug for answer, and then they found out that they were very hungry, and the tea was stone cold Madge flew round, and made more tea, although it WaS. the very last drawing but one, declaring she didn't care a fig for the extravagance and then, get ing more excited, she whipped the mutton chops out of the cupboard in a trice, and boiled them without the slightest compunction about next day's dinner, and made toast, brown,, crisp, and hot as fire, and said, laughing g, " Oh, never mind the butter." After tea Peter helped to wash the dishes, and the clever clumsy fellow broke a plate, and Madge laughed at it-yes, actually laughed, if you'll believe me- such a blithe little laugh and all because there stood in the room a small table ornamented with the letter G. They had quite forgotten the bundle all this time ; but now Madge opened it, and found a note inside. It read thus : " December 22. "Dear Mrs. King,-A kind old gentleman accidentally heard her tell a friend of your painful needs, and it was he who gave me the money for you, which you refused. I have therefore purchased and sent you the sewing-machine. In the drawer attached to every necessary implement, and a little pamphlet of < simple and explicit' directions. With your superior cultivation and quickness, you will able to understand and use the machine almost immediately ; so I send a dozen fine white shirts from our Society. Ton will please make other and three small books on each, for which we shall pay you seventy-five cents apiece. I shall take good care to keep you well supplied with work, and am your sincere friend, ' ' "Mary Easton." She very nearly got crying , again over this note, thankful grateful tears, and, not trusting herself, to speak, she handed it to her husband and sat down at the machine with the little book of directions in her hand. It would almost go of itself! She adjusted her work, put her foot on the treadle and began. Absorbed, fascinated, now pale,, now flushed, her lips apart, ( her eyes shining like stars, she watched the white seam' gliding swiftly away. The letter G was a magical living thing to her, and itS'gentle,little <" tick, tick" was like the joyous song of the lark to her upward-lifted, praying, grateful heart. I . ' r i ; One hour and a half, two, and the shirt was finished ; with a radiant, gladsome smile Madge threw 'into her husband, who had been watching the work with! almost breathless interest '' r h > A Oh, darling letter G ! " cried Madge. > "Seventy, five cents! It would have (taken me three days to have earned this much money with my fingers and here you sing a dear little Bong, and press! the Btventy.fivecents'are'mine!"" ' ' ' I 1 " It has brought back hope and life to my darling," ' said Peter ; "and I say long life and happiness to the good old cove whose money, boy who it.,, Bless his spectacles, wig, and, whiskers i, he is, worth an army of such as your cruel old father and my snarling! old uncle." " ' a I "don't say so. But really I think I ought to thank him." .->''> in - , *f Do you? Well, write a pretty little note, and tell her she's a darling, and you're another." , j " r "I shall do no such thing ; I shall thank him with all my heart for my letter G." " ? , T > ? And as she did <" I . ; Before i two. days were over, she had finished and skirts the «o#etVaic>oma(tiie dozen shirts, and We, dollars were handed, her. She sat as seemed, believing íhaPéWÜMt be a stuffing wishful golden shower falling round her. She gave her note to Mrs. Easton with a blush and smile, and begged her to hand it to bet kind unknown friend, and hurried home with a new supply of work. - , j., At the door she met her landlady. . . .' Was it a sewing-machine, ma am, she inquired, which came to you the other night ?" " Yes," anew cried Madge. " Loi', ma'am ! my Jane's almost crazy with the woiktheywtnt her to do for Christmas. She's got all of a dozen children's dresses to braid, which it ain't possible to do half. If you could help her, ma'am, of course you'd get the money for all you d do. Is there a brander to your machine ?" " Ci me up and I'll see," said Madge. The landlady only waited to run into her room and bring out a bundle when the two ascended the stairs. Madge homed to the little drawer and took out her book of directions. . "Yes, yes " she said, joyfully, "here it is The braid is passed through a hole in the foot.' Yes, I can do it. and thank you a thousand times " " Well, here's a little , merino dress, all stamped, and here is the braid and that's the machine, is it? which it's an odd one anyhow," and off went the good soul, quite relieved. i In the afternoon, just before the sun set, Peter came in. She could hardly stop to give him welcome with a kiss. Her dress was nearly done. " Madge, do you know it is Christmas-eve ?" asked Peter. ' Yes, darling." And a little fluttering sigh escaped her. ""what an unkind, unforgiving, uncharitable old blunderbuss your father is !" i " Hush dear ! Poor papa ! I'm sure he'll be lone- some to-night. I wish-oh, how I wish he could have forgiven me ! I should be glad and thankful to live here just as we do if papa would forgive me and love me again." Fast-coming years blinded her. She had to stop working and hide her pale face on her husband's shoulder. They were so absorbed in each other that they had not heard the door open. They did not see standing there in the dusky gloom, as if transfixed, an old man, with remorse and grief convulsing every feature. His lips moved, but no sound came from them ; it seemed as if this remorse and grief bad swelled in his throat and closed it. His eyes were strained upon the wan, tear-stained face of the young girl. With a violent effort he raised his hands and pressed his head between them, as if to keep his brain from bursting, and uttered a hollow groan. "What's that?" With a piercing, sudden scream, which rang through the room, Madge was in his arms, crying, sobbing, laughing, with her lips against his cheek, and murmuring, " Father, dear father ! Thank God I thank God!" I' Ob, Madge, darling," he cried, "forgive me, try to forgive me ! I know you do ; but oh ! say it, my little Madge, whom I have treated so cruelly. And you, my son, you will not refuse my hand OF ! God bless you both and forgive me. She said I must wait six months ; she said I must punish you for your disobedience. But oh, my darling, will God ever forgive me for bringing you to this " He held her tight, and great scalding tears fell from his eyes upon her face. His very heart was torn by the sight of that pale, patient face, so unlike his blot ming, dimpled Madge. i " Never mind, papa," she said at last ; " don't be so great ved it is all right now and I would not have had it different. We have had a hard struggle, but it has taught us a precious lesson; it has taught us to put in and lean upon God, our Heavenly Father. But he w did you find us out - Oh, I know ; the note I wrote." "Oh, my little Madge, when I handed that money to Mrs. Easton for the poor suffering creature, little did I dream it was for my own darling As I sat down to dinner to-day Mrs. Easton handed me your previous note. Your handwriting! I jumped up with a loud cry, upsetting my chair, and rushed out whereon. I suppose they thought me mad. But I have you once more, my pet. You shall never leave me again. You and Peter must come away in mediately. She shall give way. She shall forgive you. She ought to ask your forgiveness. And we shall all be happy again." They told him of all that had happened. They softened the bitterest part of the Bad narrative, for his poor old heart was so grieved and remorseful. Then they made a little feast for him for he had lost his dinner in the mingled joy and anguish of finding his child, and they too had appetites sharpened and quickened by their happiness. I told you in the Sepik ntr g that my tale was neither made up nor silly ; so do let my characters be flesh and blood, and eat when they are hungry, for patience' sake ! So Peter ran out and bought a capital power-house steak and some Philadelphia ale. It took all his mt my, but we won't mention it; and when he returned he set the table, while Madge smiled, and turned, and tossed the steak in a manner to reflect undying honour on her skill as a cook ; while her father first pulled the corners of his mouth down to cry, then suddenly twitched them up to laugh, working very hard between misery and amusement that his little girl should have been brought to such a pass. But oh ! wasn't it jolly ? wasn't it gorgeous ? these are Peter's vulgar expressions, not mine. If I were permitted to paint the scene I should say " They sat down to partake of the refreshments, feeling as if all that was passing was but a bewildering, rapturous dream ; Madge, with her heavenly blue eyes fixed upon her venerable, but equally unex preted' parent-her husband with his adoring eyes fixed upon her-and the kind old father burying his face every other minute in his fine cambric pocket handkerchief. Their bliss was, far too great to near of eating, and the meal passed almost untasted. ' Stuff! No such thing! That beef-steak was the theme of universal admiration, and not an item except the bone was left on the dish. It was worth double the money it cost, let me tell you ! and Christmas-eve and Merry Christmas were chunk in the foaming ale, and everybody was forgiven, and all the sad past was forgotten and a sweet, fresh look of joyous peace came into Madge's eyes, and you would have thanked your stars if you could have seen it that's all They could not go away that night, though they had hard work to persuade Mr. Bolton to wait. But very early the next morning, the blessed Christmas morning, Peter went to that awful place, the pawnbroker's, and redeemed their wardrobe with some of the money which Mr. Bolton had given to his darling. Then he came, little suspecting that the dainty silk dress that Madge were had just been brought from such a place. They would not tell him for it would have renewed all his grief. Then the good landlady was paid, and presented with such little articles of furniture as they had bought and a half said, half happy farewell look was taken of the poor little rooms, which had witnessed so much suffering, so much trust in God, and so much happiness. ' « " Peter can you carry it " asked Madge. " Ceny what, darling " Why my precious letter G, dear. Do you think I shall never part with it Yes, it went with them, and the step-mother, Bshsm' a and tony, made much of it, and hid her face over it to hide the grief she felt when she saw and heard what those two young things had suffered. And did Mr. Boltonjjust put his arms round Mrs. Fss'oii'sseik, and begged Der 88 if she was a big deal, and he had, got her in her stocking and furthermore, thanked her for helping his darling by a present of a pair of bracelets twice as big as any manacles you ever didn't see for I hope my reader never saw one. I never did. I , Madge did not dream of relinquishing her dearly bought self-reliance, and becoming once more a useless fine lady ! No indeed ! She and her letter G, both singing, made almost every thing she were, with - no end of tucking and beeman g and many of her dresses sprouted out in "curly-cues and whirligigs " of the most in these and beautiful patterns of (braiding. Oh, yes ! and better than this, many another letter G made music in the wretched homes where, hitherto, Hood's " Song of the Shirt " had been sobbed out by fainting, starving souls. Madge picked, her father's pocket with impunity for this purpose. With every gift of one, his poor old heart grew lighter. It seemed, like expiation for his unkindness to his darling, and seethed hit bitter memory of her troubles. And when, nearly a year after little babe Madge come and lay nestling left on her happy young mother's breast, seeming like a tiny child-angel which had floated down to her, out of Heaven, the snow white robes in which the wee thing was tenderly wrapped owed their dainty grace to the letter G. The last Ibibh Bull -The Sporting Gazette says : -.. Out friends in Ireland Kern' (white prepared for the worst in respect to the ultimate extinction of the Irish racehorse, and to have made arrangements; which will supersede the necessity of further controversy on the subject.' At; the Curragh Camp eight races were announced. and towers were informed that'''hprse«! -murf Uki 'the Tp'olt sisters adverrtsëdlfimw/'oi the I races will proceed without them 1 * " 