ADDRESS OF THE CATHOLICS OF BRISBANE TO THE HOST BEV. BISHOP. Oca readers wilt recollect -that at the meet ing held in St. Stephen's school on the even ing of Monday week, a resolution was nnani mously passed, appointing a ' deputation to frame an address to the Bight Bev. Dr. Quinn, expressing the feelings entertained by the Catholics of Brisbane relative to the lite remarks on bis Lordship by one profess ing to belong to their body.' In accordance with this resolution, on Friday, the 10th in. stant. the deputation waited on big Lordthin. when Sunday, after last Macs, was appointed far theformal presentationof the address, and the receiving bis Lordship's reply. ThUar-; rangement became pretty generally known on Sunday morning, and appeared to give ranch satisfaction. Great numbers crowded ? to the school-room, as the appointed hour approached, and when his Lordship entered the building, it was densely packed. Mr. T)AKBAca was moved to the chair by Mr. McCais, seconded by the Bev. Hr. DciKE. After a few words from the Chaibkaw, the Bev. Mr. DOTHTJproeeededtorecapituUtcthe proceeding* which gars rice to the present movement— 4hs first proposal of thb lining Men's Society to nriaertake the further col lection tor *bVCWhedral Building Food— the meetings. that took place relative to his , proposal on Snnday, the SOth ultimo, and on Thursday. November 3rd,— the manner in which bis Lordship was spoken of at the latter of these two meetings,— the excitement that took possession of the Catholics of Brisbane as soon as these ex pressions became known,— and, finally, tie multitude that assembled on yesterday week to take into consideration the best' measB of dealing with these expressions. After adverting to the resolution then passed, ap pointing Messrs. Dunne, M'Caig. and Kelly to frame an address to bis Lordship which would embody the spirit of the meeting, the Bev. gentleman stood forward with the other members of the deputation, and read as follows : — Mr Lord.— We, the Catholics of Bris bane, assembled here this day, beg respect. folly to approach your I.ordsbip. through our deputation, with a brief statement of our feelings on this occasion. With deep grief and humiliation we learned, that a person representing him self befoie onr fellow citizens, as one of our body, made use of the expres sions reported to liava been spoken at last Thursday's meeting. And we have assembled here uot only to condemn and denounce these expressions, but, moreover, to take into consideration the best means of placing this onr condemna tion on record, and before the pnblic In accordance with this intention we have passed resolutions, a copy of which we beg to forward to your lordship. We talieve it to be ** false and scan dalous' to represent your Lordship as '-rf length admitting the lay element into the regulation of the temporal affairs of the Church.' — We are quite satisfied that from the commencement it was your Lordship's wish that lay men should have all dne influence in Church affairs here. The appointment originally of a building Committee— the report read to us in your presence last April — and your then expressly abandoning the further progress of the building into our hands — are instances, wttbontgoing oat side the present matter, folly testifying your views, and our understanding as to this point. We say, again, that it is ' scandalous ' for any one representing himself as a Catholic, to say that he ' did nnt believe in episcopal interference in fiscal affairs.' We are, moreover, thoroughly con vinced that the funds subscribed for St. Stephen's hnildiug, not only have not been applied for any other purpose, bnt have never been under your lordship's control. We repeat that we feel deeply humbled to think that a statement of this, our conviction, should be called forth by such circumstances. Indeed, on the one I hand, we are quite certain that in n» portion, j however small, and at no time have Church monies been invested by your lordship in land or other speculations. While on the other hand, calling to mind that on one oc casion, about two years hence, the accounts of the Queensland Immigration Society were by your lordship's order, submitted to a lay committee — that you then expressed a desire that the properties and liabilities of the said society should be taken in hands by this com mittee—and, finally, that the committee declined to accept the liabilities, or charge itself with the property, — we now consider that there exists no right to question the amount of judgment, or otherwise, displayed in the management of tbese affairs. In conclusion, we beg to assure your lordship that these false and scanda lons notions originate and circulate only among men devoid of all feel ings of honor, and hence unable to give credit to their superiors for any nobler spirit than that which inspires and rules their owu conduct. At the same time — whereas among these individuals, there are persons whose position, in one way or another, gives them an opportunity of injuring those of weaker mind who come within their influence, — we respectfully pray yon, as Guardian of our Sock, to take such steps as you may deem expedient to prevent further contamination. We are quite alive to the fact that it is a question of the religions health of the Ca tholic Church in this colony, that something should be done to separate from the commu nity such members, at least to such an ex tent which would ensure safety from con tagion. Tendering again to your Lordship the assurance of onr unlimited confidence and adhesion. We beg to sign ourselves. By order of the Meeting. EOBEET IJrjNKE, Jko. M'Caig. John Kelly, [tre bepi.t.] Gsktlemen of the deputation — I thank yon. and through you the meeting which deputed yon for the resolutions wMch were passed at meeting of the Catholics of this city, on the 7th instant, and handed to me by you ; and, also, for this manly, affectionate, and truly Catholic address. I regret with you. and more than anyone, that a necessity should exist for thus ad dressing me, your IMiop; I cannot, hotr ever, but regard as fortunate and timely the detection of the evil which yon denounce and request me to remedy. The character of slanderer of his Bishop, in which Mr. U'DonneU has appeared, is not novel to him. He has quarrelled with, and misrepresented every Ecclesiastical Su perior he has bad since his arrival in Australia. He accounts as one of the greatest achievements of his life, that he helped to frame an impeachment, to be brought before the Sacred Tribunal of Propaganda, against the venerated Archbishop of Sydney. He still glories in the course, which has proved, in his case, to be the road to promotion ; and he leaves the honorable men, who fell victims to his cunning, to wash the stain off their characters with tears of repentance. It would be wicked and irreligious, under any circumstances, to endeavour to destroy the respect and confidence of the flock in their pastor, as Mr. M'Donnell, Inspector of Schools in this colony, lias sought to de-!troy the respect and confidence of my people in me; but to labour to do so insidiously, and by imputations which yon rightly characterise as 'false and scan dalous,'' is peculiarly base, irreligious and unmanly. It happens that the Chnrch monies which he accused me of misapplying, never passed throngh my hands ; and that you yourselves are witnesses, that the laity have their proper place in Church matters,' viz.. to co-operate with the local clergy under the sanction and direction of the Bishop.' ' ? '? -????/.--. ;-..;?! ; Amongst those, whom he lias sought :to prejudice against, me are gentlemen, whose acquaintance and friendship I have enjoyed for a long time— some over twenty years— for whose honor as men I can vouch ; whom . I know to be truly Catholic ; and who, in' ?electing Queensland for their future borne, have, I ventnre to say, been in-' flueuced. not a little, by the consideration that I was to be their Bishop. He who would endeavor to serar ties like these, and to destroy the mutual confidence and affec tion which should exist between pastor and flock, must be sodaUy and religiously a bafl man. I deem it my duty to adopt measures which will fuard the unsuspecting against this man's contaminatinginfluenee: but I shall be guided, in doing so, by a feel ing of kindly and 'charitable consideration for himself. The course which I have pur sued towards -him lip to the present is as follows: — ! ? ? ' ' I hare asked aim to aabstantiate in the public journals the scandalous accusations be has made against me, byany reasons he can alle^lhavewaJvBdanyclaimtorespectand deference due to my -episcopal character, which might prove an obstacle to him in mmlritig out his own justification. I, have assured Win that anything he may say will not prejudice bis case. *s it now stands, with me w his Ecclesiastical Superior; aha I have told him that any reasons he may -adduce, even though on-. TOUOainlhemselves.ahaai teoa topattimte his fault in my eyes, as they must also in the Uiose of the puMic, provided they*e such as could be fsirly supposed to have influenced fatCD. ' ' ? ' ' ' I have adopted nowtttepuhlio eourao,after my private efforts ana those of his friends had&51edtochangehin^-*irstlytogivehim another fair opportunity of seeing, and cor rwdmgh-wtarorB.'Beeo^y.toguard others against his evil influence ; and thirdly, to ' convince the whole community in which we live— non-Catholics as well as Catholics— that the great pow«r, which is vested in me. I shall nse with great moderation. The Hue of conduct which a bishop should pursue, in cises such as the one I have to deal with at present, is nnt left to their own choice Out traced out and prescribed for them by the highest authority which Ca tlmlics recognise on earth— a Sacred CEmmeaical council. I shall read for you from the Council of Trent, Sess. 13, chap. 1. the instructions there laid down for the guidance of bishops. The chapter is headed—*4 Bishops shall apply themselves with prudence to reform the manners of their subjects — from the correction of those bishops there shall be no appeal.** 'The same Sacred and Holy Synod—law fully assembled in the Holy Ghost— the same legate and nuncios of the Apostolic See presiding therein — proposing to ordain certain things which relate to the jurisdic tion of bishops in order that they may, in accordance with the decrees of last session, so much the more willingly reside in the churches committed to them*, by bow much they shall be able, with greater ease and convenience, to rule, and to keep in pro priety of life and conversation those subject to them, thinks it meet that the bishops be first of all admonished to bear in mind that they are pastors, and not striken; and that they nngbt so to preside over those subject to them as not to lord it over them, but to love them as eons anil brethren ; and to strive, by exhortation and admonition, to deter them from what is unlawful, that they may not be obliged, should they tranngress, to coerce them by due punishment. To wards whom, however, shonld they happen to sin in any manner, through human fr ilty, that injunction of the apostle is by bishops to be observed — ' that they reprove, entreat, rebuke them in all kindness and doctrine' seeing that benevolence towards those to be corrected, often effects more than ansterity, exhortation more than men ace, charity more lhan power. But if on ac count of the grrievonsness of the trans gression, there be need of the rod, then is rigor to be tempered with gentle ness, judgment with mercy, severity with lenity; that such discipline, so salutary and necessary for the people, ?nay be preserved without harshness ; and they who are chastened may be amended, or, if they will not repent, that others, by the wholuomt example of their punishment, may be deterred from vices : since it is the office of a pastor, at once vigilant and kind, to apply, first of all, gentle fomentations to the disorders of his sheep, and afterwards to proceed to sharper and more violent re medies, when the grievoitsness of the dis temper may require them ; bnt, if not even these are effectual in removing those dis orders, then is he to free the other sheep, at least from the danger of contagion.' This is the wise auj holy law by which I shall be guided in dealing with the case of Bandal Hacdonnell. Esq., Inspector of Schools for the colony of Queensland. I ask you to pray to the Divine Founder of the Chnrch, who gave her power t« make laws to restrain her refractory children as well as to guard the unoffending, to grant that the application of this her law, in the present instance, may be salutary in correcting the offending individual and in preserving others from error, and also to ask Him for me, your Bishop, for grace, on this, as well as on every other occasion, to temper firmness with moderation and charity. Ask Him also to give light to the erring one, to see the evil of his conrse and grace to abandon it, to repair the scandals he has given, and tu return to his duty as a docile and pious Catholic. -I again thank you, gentlemen of the deputation, and through you, the meeting thit deputed yon. and^chose present, for your Catholic and devoted conduct on this occasion, and I pray God to grant you abundant graces and' guard you against every evil. 