THE NEW ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. LAYING THE CORNER STONE. The corner stone of the Catholic Church of the Twelve Apostles in Margaret-street, Laun- ceston, was laid by Bishop Willson with the customary solemnities on Thursday morning. Unfortunately for those interested, the weather was anything but propitious ; slight drizzling showers fell at intervals during the whole of the morning, and the ground was rather muddy. However, notwithstanding these unfavorable circumstances, there was a numer- ous attendance, including many of the fair sex, and overy available spot from which a view of the proceedings could be obtained was crowded. Strings of gaily colored flags were suspended across Elizabeth-street at its junction with Bathurst-street, and at the entrance gates; and the British ensign and a white banner with a red cross floated over the corner stone. The band of the Volunteer Rifles was in attendance, having previously marched through several of the streets to their own music. The ceremony, though announced to take place at ten o'clook, did not commence until about half-past, when a procession consisting of the Bishop and the Revds. Dr. Butler, O'Callaghan, Hunter, Burke, Hogan, Dunne, Keohan, Noone, Butler, and Walsh, preceded by several young acolytes, the foremost one bearing a large crucifix, and another carrying a vessel containing holy water, were seen wending their way from the residence of the Rev. Dr. Butler. The Bishop was clothed in the rochet, with alb and stole vested over with a white linen cope. On his head he wore a plain white mitre, and in his hand hold a crosier. On arriving at a platform laid down close to the corner stone, the procession halted. The Bishop then advanced to the stone, and do livered a short address from the text " Except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain who build it"-Psalm cxxvi., 1. The rest of the service was conducted in the Latin lan- guage, and of course was quite unintelligible except to a very few persons. The order of proceeding was as follows, it being understood that all the prayers and psalms referred to wore in the Latin tongue. The Bishop having blessed the salt and water, and engaged in prayer, sprinkled some of the water towards a plain wooden cross which marked the position of the future altar. The choir of priests then chanted the 83rd Psalm, during which a leaden box containing the current coins of the realm, and a parchment document, was placed in a place prepared for its reception under the corner stone. The inscription on the docu ment is in Latin, and is as follows: Jui honorem Sanectissiarm et Individum Trinits. tlsi at sub invocatilone Doodecim Apostolorum, primum Eccleste lapldem angularem, posuih Itobertus Gallelmus Eiiscopus llobaronlensis, has die declma.qulntIh mensis Septembris A.D. MDCCCLXIV. Summao Poentfli, Pio IX.; Victoria I., Brittaniarum Regina; Thoma Gore Browne, C.B., Militum Praefecto, Colonim Gabernatore; Printoer Urbano. Abraham Barrett ; Rectore Ecclesia,- Thoma Butler, D.D.; Architecto, Henrico Hunter ; et aedifcatoribus, Galvin et Francis. The Bishop then blessed the first or corner stone and repeated two prayers, at the con- elusion of which he sprinkled the stone with the blessed water, and then taking up a gilt trowel thrice made the sign of the cross with it on the stone, at the same time saying in Latin-" In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Then followed another short prayer, after which the choir of priests sang the Litany of the Saints. The Bishop was then unmitred, and standing beford the stone repeated another short prayer. After the choir had sung an anthem and the 126th psalm, the Bishop being mitred, took up some ce ment on the trowel and spread it underneath the stone, which was imme diately lowered into its place. His lordship then struck it with a mallet of polished black wood, and having tried it with a small plumb- line, declared that the first stone had been placed in the foundation. After it had once more been sprinkled with the holy water, another psalm was chanted, and the Bishop and his clergy, preceded by the acolytes, then went round sprinkling the whole of the foun dations, the choir of priests chanting anthems and psalms, whilst at intervals the Bishop re- peated prayers. Having returned to the corner stone, the Bishop addressed the people in English. He expressed his gratification at seeing so large a concourse, especially as the weather was so unfavorable and said he need scarcely observe that if the weather had been fine, it had been his intention to address them at greater length than he had, but he felt that it would be unfair to detain them any longer than was absolutely necessary. He then in- vited any persons willing to make an offering to the beloved Church,' to come forward and place their offerings, on the corner-stone. Many of the people then walked up and de posited money on the stone, each donor re- ceiviag a small printed slip, setting forth that the corner-stone of the Catholic Church of the Twelve Apostles, Launceston, was laid by the Right Reverend the Bishop of Hobart Town on 16th September, and containing a short prayer from the Ritual. The sum subscribed on the spot amounted to £208 8s. The Bishop once more addressed the spectators, and said he could not leave with- out expressing his very deep gratification and edification at the most orderly and pious con- duct of every individual present His Lord- ship commended their generosity, and said a they would undoubtedly receive their reward. After praying that the Almighty would watch over and bless them, the Bishop pronounced the benediction in Latin. The proceedings, which had lasted considerably more than an hour, wore then terminated by the band play. ing " God save the Queen." The new lchurch is being erected imme- diately in front of the old one, which is in a very dilapidated condition. It will he built of the dark stone obtained from the Cataract Hill, with freestone dressings, the style of architecture adopted being the Gothic, and when finished will be a handsome building. At present only the nave and aisles are to be proceeded with, leaving a small attached chapel, the chancel, and the tower to be exe- cuted at some future time. The portion now to be erected will be 80 foot by 50 feet 6 in. in the clear, and will cost nearly £4000. At the west end there will be a fine window some 29 feet in height. Mr. Henry Hunter, of Hobart Town, is the architect. and Messrs. Francis & Galvin, of Launceston, are the con- tractors for the work. 