THE ENGLISH MAIL. We received our files of English newspapers by the Bombay on Saturday, and proceed to furnish our readers with particulars in refor ence tq the prinlcipal events of interest which have occurred on the other side of the world since the departure of the preceding mail steamer. Turning first to the mother-country, the twp principal subjects of interest are the Conference in London on the Danish question, and the visit of Garibaldi to England. Of the former there is little to say more than that the Conference had met; that an armistice had been proposed as the basis of further proeeed ings; .and that the Prussian and Austrian Plenipotentiaries had hesitated, waiting in structions from their respective Governments. The sittings was adjourned to May 5. The folloiving are the representatives of the p;owers: For . England- Earl Russell and the Earl of Clarendon; Baron Brunnow, the Rtsaian Ambsasa dor; Prince de la Tour d'Auvergne, the French Ambassador ; Count Bernstorff, the Prussian Ambasssdor, accompanied by Baron Balan; Count R. d'-pponyi, the Austrian Ambassador; M. de Bille, the Danishb Miuister, accompanied by M. de Qnsadq, the Danish Minister of Foreign Affairs: CounPt 'Wschtmeister, the Swedifh Minister; Baron de Be'ast, Plenipotentiary from the Germanic Diet; and Geunt Vit-thum. The Conferenoe was held in one of ?bs iarge apartments looking over the St. James's Park. The Soaturday Reviews of April 28, in an article on the subject, has the following: As theGermanic Powers are concerned, bhe Con ference opens under highly unfavourable auspices. Austili and Prussia seem to herve in some degree aepudikttd the Treaty of 1852 as the basis of a futuressettlement. The French suggestion that the qnestian should be left to the decision of the Duchips is, as it seems, not to be complicated by an unjustifiable appeal to universal suffrage: but, as Lord Clarendon says that England and France have arrived at an agreement, it must be assumed that Lord RleusellandLord Palmerston are prepared to reconsider some of the points which had been decided by tresty. It would have been far better to have negoeiated in the first instance with those who are most directly interested in the quarrel. A treatywwhich is an insurmountable impediment to peace is not a triumph of diplomacy. Mr. Layard weeas perfectly correct in his assertion that the most Improvident and inconvenient of treaties was legally bindirig. but Eneland cannot prudently stand alone in defending the unfortunate provisions of 1852. Even Russia refuses to concur in vindicating the treaty which France denounces as obsolete end in. operative. It will be well if the disputants can be induced to acquiesce in the retention of any part of its contents. The following remarks, too, though not con sonant with general opinion, appear to us well founded: The excusable .prejudiee which enlists.popular feeling on the side of the weaker combatant is not a rule forth! conduct of statesmen. The Germans have,s4juring the controversy, been intemperate and aggressirve, andd Prussia and Austria hare used their greatsuperiority of force in a manner equally ano maton and oifensive; but it nevertheless is certain that thronghout the whole course of the diu'sesion Denmark displayed eystpmatio obstinacy in resist ing just or legal demands. It will hereafter be ad mitted that the incorporation of Schleswig by the Gonstitution of November furnished Germany with a technical excuse for war. The armed invasion whichtwsasubstituted .for verbal remonstrance may haveebeen immoral, buit, according to international preedbtb,'it was.not illegal. The quarrel which seems to Englishmen trivial and vexatious, happens to unite the opinions and to aromuse the enthusiasm ef thi entire German nation. The Princes thought it pidiest to swim with the stream, and two or three of their number really participated in the gendl feeling of indignation. The two great Posei hoped to moderate the excitement by antici patiqg its objects, and at first they seem to have in tended the smallest possible injury to Denmark. A war of two or three months has perhaps changed theia.poliey, as it furnishes them, with a pretext for abandoning the original ground of the dispute. France and Russia have, by their unwillingness to engage in-the contest, eaved England from a serious peril: Thie whole country is now determined to persevere in the neutrality which Lord Russell 4oght never to bare endangered by menaces or by propoa?tei' Interference. 'The short visit of the Italian hero to the land of' liberty seems .to have fairly turned JohnsBull's head, and what the.coneequences would have been, both to our countrymen and to tse.subject of the apotheosis himself, had his 't?y.been prolonged much later, it is im Spossible to say. We abridge the following account of this three weeks' mania from the Home Nes : SThe Ripon arrived at Southhmpton on Saturday, the 'rd:Aprsl.' It had been anxiously looked for all efi ight'through. Deputations were waiting? firoseveral towns in England with addresses and invitahtiosi and the Duke of Sutherland, Mr. Seej,'l.P., and other personal friends were in at tendance. The people wesre wild with enthusiasm, aun4 during the week that Garibaldi remained at Solthlampton and the Isle of Wight, popular Lonpurs were inceoeantly lavished upon him. No ]ing ever reoeived such a welcome on putting his foot on his native soil after a series of victo ies. But the greatest scene of all was the entry into London. Truly it was a wonderful gathering. Fromevery part of the metropolis and its suburbs the-bildren of toil bad made holiday and come out to seceive a man whom they considered their espenial .hero. The general arrived at the Nine Elmims. 8tation about half-past 2, and when the re ception was over he was conducted to his carriage. Buc thoogh the greeting was enthusiastic and the cheering lolsd they could hardly haove prepared GaOnrsibaldi for whlat was to follow. Even when he drove into Naples he could not have received such a welcome. The procession was composed of Bene. fit,.Temperance, Friendly, and Trade Associations. Adll these societies had their s:neers, and meost of the members wore their scarfs and orders, or at leat' tie Italian colours, on their breasts. Manyu of these societies, uoo, had loud brass hands, ans aleas they marched along cheered nlustily and were cleeredl in turn, so ithat the scene was exciting enough. The scene at the station before the general arrived wasee very striking. All the societies had assembled ountde. Insidel were the visitors admitted by tickbpts. Every ijart of tile builing was crammed. Many of thie ladies were in the famous Garibaldi jacoketse, and some whose opinious were still more adsansed liead them trimmed with the colours of Sardinia, and none even among the staident of the gentlemoen seemed to have entirely escaped this chronic enthusiasm. The shouts were deafening that announced the approach of thie illustrious vistor, and when he appeared upon the platform, where a number of members of Parliament and others were assembled to meet him, thie excitement became redoublled. The general wore the uniform io'waich lie has always appeared in public in this cauntry-that which he were as leader of the blhmtepidemn rtaliano legion --n plain gray capote amd Garibaldi hat and red tunic. He limped as he iadvanced, and was assisted in erossing the barriers by several ladies, and the enthusiasm that increased as he advanced almost henildered him. Twao asdresses were presented, one from the city of London, and the other from the working men; after which thie genaeral entered his carn?ige amidst derarlening cheers, and in so dense a crowd as to render progresn almost imnpossible. Far and near the. trees, the walls, and housetops were covered with spectatnrs, while up the road, from uaseen thoumsands, came long rolling cheers, and tino house. frounts were rippled over with hlandkerchiefs in all directions. T'le progress thrboughl thie masses was necessaerily slow, ilnd it was a quarter to 8 o'clock before Garibaldi entered the gates of Stalfford.house. Thile crowd outside was large enough to represent, not iladequattely, the population of a petty German Dnchy. It tegan to assemble soon after I o'clock, and relomained quietly-without a tormur,--for nearly aeren hours. Red cloth had been laid down to the entrance of tile grand staircase, et which point her Grace the Duchess of Sutherland ad vanced and cordially welcomed the illustrious guest as he entered the house. In the evening the noble duke and duchess had a quiet dinner, the circle being confined to 18 persons. Early the next morning, Garibaldi received deputations, and in the afternoon wentto Chiswick house, where there was a Iwilliant company as sembled. He planted a cedar in the ground, to the great delight of the spectators. On his return to town he paid a visit to Mr. Stansfeld. One of the visits which may be presumedto have given him the greatest amount of gratification, and the most fatigue, was his visit the next day to Woolwich. The moment Garibaldi made his ap pearance in the Laboratory Department everybody uncovered, and a shout similar to that of his arrival resounded through the building. Tihe same mauni festation on the part of the men greeted his entrance to each of the branches which he visited. Mir. Anderson's bullet machines attracted his especial attention, and he seemed surprised at the rapidity with which the bullets fell from the dies of the machines ready for instant use. After visiting the shell toundry and the royal gun factories he was invited by Mr. Abel to enter the chemical depart ment. The general was there shown some photo graphic sketches of the 6000-pounder guns and the result of the experiments on the targets at Shoe buryness. Before retiring the general, at the earnest request of the artiBst, sat for his likeness. The route back to Stafford.house was through the City, and the welcome was as hearty as that at Westminister-bridge two days before. .A dinner and an assembly as before, to which all the.leading people in London were invited: and up agaIn the next morning to receive fresh deputations, and pay visits. One of persons hle visited this day was Mazzini, with whom he sat an hour, eud who ihad visited him by hie own desire while he was in the Isle of Wight. Notwithstanding the fatigues of the day, in the evening he went to the Italian Opera, where he was received with tumultuous delight, and where he witnessed Norma and Maoaniello. The next day was spent at Bedford, to witness steam.ploughing, and in the evening the general diced with Mr. Panizei in the British Museum. At the Crystal Palace a different sight was witnessed on the following day. 'he United Com. mittees had got up a concert, sand a presentation of swords, and 24,000 persons assembled to do honour to the hero, who is said to have been especially pleased on this occasion. In the evening he dined with Lord and Lady Palmerston. A similar demonstration took place again at the Crystal Palace on a subsequent day when upwards of 40 addressees were read. Early in the week, in the midstof the enthnsiasm which was everywhere rising up and increasing, a formal statement was made in the newspapers that his visit would be snddenly brought to an end, and that he would sail in a few days for Caprera in the Duke of Satherlead's yacht. This piece of infor mation threw a gloom over'the country, and it was hinted abroad that Garibaldi had yielded te repre aentations of people in power, who were themselves ionfluenced by representations from a foreign sovereign. This assertion, so derogatory to the honour of the country, and the indepeqdence of the English Government, was promptly and circum stentially contradicted in both Houses of Parlia. ment by Lords Palmerston and Clarendon. When he was in Paris, Lord Clarendon had talked on the subject to the Emperor of the French, and described the entry into London which he had himself witneessed; and the emperor, so far from expressing any dissatisfaction at the eircumstance, spoke of it as an incident which reflected great credit on the generosity and patriotic sympathies of the English people. Ganrbaldi's medical men say that he is overtax ing his strength, end that if be does not immedi ately take repose (which it would seem he cannot get in England) serious consequences must ensue. The working classes, and the Liberal party, are not disposed to plance implicit confidence in these opinions, and strenuously endeavoured to induce the persecuted patriot to promise to stay a little longer. His "progresses" through the past week were repetitions of bis " progresses" of the week before. The same activity, the same crush wherever he appeared, and the same uncontrollable ardour and devotion on the part of the people. Up before 6 o'clock,. be usually received deputations and ad dresses before other people have breakfasted, and in the course of a single day distributed himself over a variety .of phlaces. On the 18th, after a day de voted to visits, luncheons, and deputations, he dined with Lord Clanricarde, who had a large Party to meet him. That night the general removed from the Duke of BSntherland's to Mr. Seely's house, in the hope of being rather more private. On the following day a meeting was held at ltsffordshouse, when a resolution was agreed to that General Garibaldi should not be permitted to leave England without some substantial token of the profound admiration felt by all classes for his un. selfish patriotism, and that a fund be raised for that purpose. About £2000 was raised in the room, and committees were appointed to carry out the object. At Mr. Seely's house on the same day Garibaldi "received," and the house was crowded with company till 6 o'clock. In the evening he went to Her Majesty's Theatre, where he was received with the same intense enthusiasm as he had experienced a few nights before at the Italian Opera. The presentation of the freedom of the City, which took place on the 20th April, was, perhaps, the mpst imposaing of all the ceremonies Garibaldi had to pass through. The whole line of route Irom Mr. Seely's capacious mansion at Prince's-gate to Guild hall was ecrowded to the house- tops. The majority of the holders of tickets for the Guildhall were in their places soon after noon, as it was known that no one would be admitted after halfpast 12. Shostly after 1 General Garibaldi and his friends arrived. He was received at the entrance by members of the City Lands Committee, who had been deputed to carry out the arrangemetts. On passing through the various avenues and apartments, on his way to the Council Chambelr, he stopped several times to return the greetings of the ladies who occupied the sats on the iight and left, and on reaching the court there aroseo loud cries of" Seats, seatsl" many members having risen.in the excitement of the moment. A clapping of hands then ensued, and lasted for some moments, during which time the general stood at the entrance of the apartment evi dently much struck with the scene. In a few minutes he advanced to the dais, attended by the mover and seconder of the resolution conferring the freedom, amidst tie loud applause of the court, and before taking his sent, bowed with simple dlignity on all sides. Three chairs of state had been placed for the use of himself and sons. Be ant in the cen tre, Iticciotti on his left, and Mr. Seely on his right hand. The other son, Menotti, was absent. After the usual form lad been gone through of reading the minutes of the last court, embracing the reso lution granting the freedom of the city to Garibaldi in a gold box value 100 guineas, Mr. Scott, the Chamberlain, rose to address him, and Garibaldi, rising also, stood the whole time Mr. Scott was speaking. Garibaldi's reply was spoken with great sanimation, and abonuded in thanks to the English nation for the effectual service they had at all times rendered to the cause of liberty. When the cere mony was over, the conmpany adjourned to tie Egyptian.hall at the Mansion- house to lunch with the Lord Mayor. In the evening Garibaldi dined with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mrs. Gladstone hlad a brilliant company to meet him. The 21st of Apnl, nearing the departure of the illustrious guest, was one of Garibaldi's btsiest dayt. So early as7o'clock in the morning he drove out to the secluded clurchyard of Chiawick, to visit the tomb of Ugo Foncolo, upon which he deposited a laurel crown in bronze with an inscription bear ilg his name. On his return to town, he received an address from the corporation of Newcastle, ex pressing their iolfound regret at his approachiug departure. He told them that he hoped coon to visit England again. At 11 o'clock the members of the Reform Club were gathered to receive him at a ddjel2ner. The scene was extremely interesting. Ladies were pre sent in great numbers, and most of the gentlemen wore Garibaldian rosettes. Lord Ebury occupied the chair, and in a speech full of admiration of Garibaldi's career proposed the health of the disfin euished guest; to which Garibaldi replied, reitera ting his sentiments of gratitude, and declaring that he had now become a:n Englishman. The whole entertaiument was got up on a scale of great magni ficence; and its general effect was much enhanced by an Italian chorus from her Majesty's theatre. After leaving the Reform Club, the general visited Earl and Countess Russell at Pembroke-lodge, Richmond-park, where a distinguished company was invitedl to meet him at luncheon. He did not remain much longer than an hour, and then drove hack to London, and visited the two Houses of Par liament. In the evening hie dined with the Fish mongers' Company in the city, and was presented with the freedom of the company in a massive gold box. The Working Men's Clubs are getting up "in dignation" meetings to protest against the pressure which they allege has been put upou Garibaldi to induce him so abruptly to leave the country. They do not hesitateto say that the pressure eomes from Austria, who refuses to allow her reprcsenlative to attend the Conference while Garibaldi is in Eng land, and that it was conveyed to him through Mr. Gladstone. This statement has been contradicted in Parliament by Mr. Gladstone, who declared that the sole reason for terminating the round of labours was consideration for the health of a man whose life is so valuable to his country and the world. It would be idle to pretend that the public are quite satisfed with these explanations, and it must be allowed that the language of Garibaldi himself jus tiles in some degree the suspicion that his sudden departure is not to be attributed solely to his health. On the 22nd he left London with his sons and his little householdl for Cliellen.holnuse, near Maiden head, the seat of the Duke of Sutherland. In the morning, he breakfasted with the consul for the United States, where he met some Americane, and expressed hIs strong sympathy with the Federal cause; he afterwards received an Italian deputation, and then drove to Lont Shaftesbury's house, and afterwards to Stafford-house, where he lunched. While he was there, the Prince of Wales arrlived to ay him a private visit, and remained an hour with im. Garibaldi then left town for the seclusion of Cliefdeu-park. On the 25th he set out for Ply mouth, passing the night at the house of Colonel Peard, "' Garibaldi's EnglishmaD," at Penquit, Cornwall; and this morning, 26th. lie embarks on hoard the Duke of 8utherland's yacht lor Caprera. Before he took his departure from London, he left in the hands of Mr. Seely a farewell address to the English nation. It is very short, and simply expresses his gratitude for their reception of him, and asks their pardon for the trouble and dieap pointment he caused to many of his friends, ending with a hope that at eo distant time he may be able to return and see his "friends in the domestic life of England." Surely such increasing labour as is spoken of above would soon kill any man, and, in the case of an invalid like Garibaldi, unable to walk sometimes without assistance, it can hardly be doubted that the assigned canbe of his departure was the real one. Turning next to the Court, we take the following from the letter of the London correspondent of a.country newspaper: The Queen's return to ceremonial duty, though partial, gives great satisfaction. People in the country can have but a slight conception of the strong feeling in London-above all among the West End tradesmen--of wrong and injury, from the seclusion of Her Majesty. It is not too strong a term to say that this provokes something close on absolute disloyalty. This feeling has lately even found expression in a placard affixed on Buckingham Palace-" These premises to be let, the owner retiring from business." Such a placard, I believe, has made its appearance more than once, in spite of the vigilance of the police, and I have no doualt many people will be found to ascribe to it no small influence in determining the resumption of royal receptions at the Palace. The following is an abstract of the Court Circular for the month: The Queen held a Court at Buckingham-palace, on the afternoon of Saturday, April 9. Her Majesty, who had arrived at the palace from Windsor Castle in the morning, entered the White Drawing-room at 3 o'clock, accompanied by his Majesty the King of the Belgiansn, andhby their Royal Highnesses the Princess Helena, Princess Louise, and Prince Arthur. Tihe members of the corps di?plomotigue, with their ladies, wer einvited, and paid their respects to her Majesty. The Queen was attended by Earl Russell, as Secretary for Foreign Affairs, and by several members of the royal household. The Queen, secompaied by Princess Helena, left Buckingham.palace soon after 6 o'clock, and returned to Windsor Castle. His Majesty the King of the Belgians salso accompanied the Queen to Windsor. A reception, rwhlich was to have been held on April.16, at Buckinuhasm.palace, has been postponed in consequence of tier Majesty's indisposition, she being suffering at the time from neuralgia in the face. The Queen left Windsor Castle on the 20th of April for Osborne, where she arrived in the course of the afternoon. The station at Windsor, as well s other points along the line, was crowded with spectators, mostly ladies; and it was remarked that her Majesty did not, as she used, withdraw herself from the public gaze, but took an interest in the scene, and graciously returned the loyal salutations that greeted her on every side. The stay of the court at Osborne is expected to continue for two or three weekrs. l'lThe Prince and Princess of Wales, with the infant prince, left Marlborougih house on April 1 or Sandringham, in the neighbourhood of which their royal highnesses take daily drives. They have announced their ittention of honouring the University of Cambridge with a visit, in the week ending the 18th June inext. April 14, being the seventh anniversary of the birth of her Royal Highness Princess Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodome, the ninth and youngest member of her Majesty's family, the event was duly celebrated in Windsor with the usual royal henours. The Queen, the Prince and Princess of Wales, and the royal family have honoured Mr. George 'Thomas with sittings for his picture of the Prince of Wales's Marriage. Paofessor Owen has had tihe honour of delivering four lectures on natural history before the Queen, the King of the Belgians, and the royal famaily. Mr. Tidey has had the honour of submitting to the Queen his picture in water colours of "The Night of the Betrayal. Mr. Henry O'Neal has had the honour of a sitting from the Prince of Wales for his pictmure of "The Landing at Gravesend;" and Mr. H. Weigall has been honoured by a sitting from the princess for his full.length portrait of her royal bighness. The principal Parliamentary news consists of Mr. Gladstone's budget, the resignations of Mr. Stansfield and lMr. Lowe, and the ac ceptance of office by Mr. Cardwell as Secretary of State for the Colonies in the place of the Duke of Newcastle, who had resigned tlarough ill health. In reference to the first matter we give the following: The scene in the House of Commons on tihe night when Mr. Gladstone made his filiancial statement one oa tile most memorable of his many mnemorasble Budget speeches--was very striking. Every ave nue to the House was crowded, and the place pal. Fitated with excitement. Time Speakers' andStran. ger's Gallery was crowded. Every bench in ;he House was flled by members, and those who could not obtain a seat or aplace in thie body of the cham ber, betook thlemselves to tihe side galleries, which were thus fuilly occupied. Even the ambassadorial gallery had its occupants. The weary half-hour up to half-past four, during which private 'business is supposed to be transactoed, came to an end at last, and then two or three notices of motion were given. It was about twenty minutes to five when the Chancellor of the Exchequer rose amidst loud cheers. For the first few minutes he spoke with great rapidity, but, as always, with perfect clear ness. Subsequently. as he settled down to the figures, he spoke more deliberately. His speenh, eminently lucid in details, profoundly interesting in the clhoice nod treatment of topics, and constantly interrnpted by cheers, occupied as nearly as pos sible three hours. The scene outside was as curious as the scene within. Longbefore the gates of West minster Hall were opened, a number of persons as sen)bled for the purpose of securing good places in the Strangers' gallery of the House of Commons, to hear the financial statement of theClhancellor ofthe Exchequer. By seven o'clock the long line of beonches in St. Stephen's Hall was filled. A man takes his seat there in the order ofl his arrival, and is entitled to admission to the gallery in his turn, but if he leaves it for a moment he loses his privi lega Perseous, therefore, who have an eye to busi ness, loiter about the hall, with a view to set assub stitutes for those who are desirous of going out to obtain refreshments, but the mnajority of people pre sent on this occasion did not trust to such extra neous aid. They had supplied themsselves with spirits and beer in bottles, sandwiches aed other eatables in baskets, on whilch they enjoyed them selves throughout the day. Those who had not exercised such provident foresight, were, however, not at a loss. From a neighbouring public-house, a continuous supply of meats and drinks was provided by means of special messengers, The crowd in creased as the day went on, and shortly after noon, by the direetion of the Speaker, the gallery was opened for the admission el the earliest comers. liHundreds of other persons who had been waiting all day in the anxious hope of receiving financial instruction had been obliged to go away disap pointed. In the outer lobby there were not a few scenes worthy of description. Here are some three or four. Enter into the lobby a tall clerical gentleman. He wears a straight coot, a looped hat, with the rose in front, and must be a dignitary of the Church; not a bishop, though, for he has no apron; probably a dean, rural or metropolitan ; or, it may be, an arch deacon. He walks straight to the door. " My name is on your list for under the gallery," he says to the doorkeeper. " No," replies the janitor; "I have not your name." "But 1 have a letter from Mr. S~o-and-So telling me that he has put down muy name." "No, it is not there, and you must stand back; for you are in the way of the members." " But"-. "I cnnnot listen toyou. Yoer name is not here, nod you really nust stand back." His reverence is dismaoyed and seems inclined to be rebellious. But suddenly the inspector of police touches him on the shoulder, and, dignitary as he is, he finds that here there is no respect to persons, and that he, too, must obey. Had he but the magical apron be might walk in unchallenged, but, wanting that, he has no more power or privilege here than Jack Noakes or Tom Styles, who stand by his side. That tall, moustached gentleman, with the long whiskers, who swings with such an air to the door, is the eldest son of an earl. Will be get in ? "No, my lord, the gallery is full." "But I have a right to go in." ," Your right cannot make room, my lord.. I am sony for you, but you can not enter. Will you oblige me by standing back?" And again the policeman appears on the scene, and esin the earl's son bows to the majesty of the law, and has to be.thrust into the crowd like a common man. But who is that thin, swarthy, shabbily. dressed foreigner, who, after speaking to the door keeper, receives a bow in returng and marches straight in without let or hindrance ? Surely he is not a member? No; he is an ambassador from some Sooth American republic, and, in virtue of his diplomatic position, goes into the Diplomatic Gallery. And now there hurries up to the door a tall, stout, big man, wvith two companions, each of them with a coat on hs arm. " I've got an order,*' says the stout man, puffing and blowing like a grampus, as he takes off his hat and wipes his bald head with a capacious many-coloured silk handker. chief. " Am I to go in here ? " No, po," is the reply. "every gallery is full." " Yest, bat I've got an order from my member, do yer see, and I must go somewhere. I'm one of his tenants, and I've come a hundred miles." " I'm sorry for it, for you cannot get in." "Oh, dash it I I must get in somewhere. Can I see my member ?" ,"No, indeed; and he could not help you. Stand back I Stand back !" impatiently says the doorkeeper, as the burley farmer and his friends plant themselves right in front of the door, quite unconscious that they are actually jdstlingand impedingthe progress of members of Parliament and peers of the realm. Suddenly, however, he, too, is clapped on the shoulder, and, turning round, afinds himself face to face with the imposing inspector of police, "You must stand back, says the inspector. " But I tell you I've got an -order." You muest stand back, -sr," is the sharp- reply, and he and his friends are thrust, like the church dignitary and the peer's son, into the crowd, very indignant, but helpless. IMr. Gladstone estimates the year's expen diture at something over £66,000,000, which, though nearly £10,000,000 more than in 1858, is £6,000,000 less than in 1860. The national 'debt is to be reduced by more than £3,000,000, and the surplus with which the,Chancellor finds himself so pleasantly saddled is to result in a reduction of the income-tax from Id. to 6d. in the pound, and diminished duties on tea and sugar. If the affairs of Europe should be quietly settled, a large diminution in the army and navy estimates will still further reduce the expenditure. Mr. Stansfeld's resignation of office as Junior Lord of the Admiralty was brought about by his connection—honourable, no doubt, but in judicious-with the Italian agitator Mazzini, to whose door a·ssassination plots have been brought so clearly that, in spite of his previous indignant protestations to the contrary, no doubt of his complicity can now be enter tained. Mazzini's letters were directed, under an assumed name, to the house of Mr Stans. feld, who might have known, if he did not, what was going on, and who, as a Minister of England, ought to have been very jealous of connecting himself, even in the most indirect manner, with such transactions. Some of the incidents of the debate which led to Mr. Stans fold's resignation are thus related by an eye witness: Mr. Stansfeld, the Civil Lord of the Admiralty. looks anything but a conspirator. He has an almost effeminate appearance, and assists nature in this particular by wearing his hair parted down the middle. Everybody thinks it indiscreet in him, and damaging to a rising politician, to have mixed himself up with Mazzini and his party. Still, it seemed rather ungenerous of the Opposition to try to hunt down the pale, thoughtful, boyish-looking minister—the youngest and the latest-appointed member of the Government; and Mr. Bright. in his most energetic and fervid manner, reproved the 'hungry' Conservatives who were springing, open mouthed, to office over the body of the member for Halifax, ruining his political prospects because he had been guilty of a generous indiscretion. This was one way of putting it; and of course there was another. But, expressed with a force of manner and an intense action characteristic of the member for Birmingham, this appeal had a prodigious effect upon the House. It was a sight worth seeing when Mr. Bright pointed over, with outstretched forefinger and brawny arm, to the front Opposition bench, taunted them with having lent themselves to this attack in order to worry thu Government, and declared that if he was ' as hungry us the hungriest' Conservative, he should be ashamed to make his way to the Treasury bench over the character, tihe repetation, and the future of this young member of the Government. Olne would have thought that the Ministerial cheers which followed this announoement would neves have ended. An enthusiastic friend of Mr. Stansfeld's so far forgot himself as to clap his hands-an unusual ebulitious, at which Lord Qharles Russell, the tergeat-eat-Arms, looked unutterable things. Mr. Disraeli had, before Mr. Bright rose, made an effective speech, and, in fa.t, nearly all the speeches made in this series of Stansfeld-Mazzini.Greco debates have been effec tive, principally because they have been pointed and short. The brilliant advocate shabone out triumphantly when Mr. Stansfeld was so imprudent as to interrupt him, and to ask ' what correspondents' had addressed Maenuli at Thurloe.square. 'You know them better than I do, I suppose,' retorted Mr. Disrseli, turnming round sharply upon the unfortunate Lord of the'Admiridty, and looking him through and through. Mr. Disraeli is a great actor-at least, he remembers the Demosthenic advice to orators, that 'action, action, action' is the one thing needful to orators. When his face is in repose you would hardly believe that it was capable of such varying expressioDs, and that that rather demure and dejected countenance would light up as the soldier's face lights up in battle. As poor Mr. Stansteld jerked himself forward and spoke the two fatal words-only two-the veteran Parliamentary warrior saw his triumph, and dealt his strokes again and again. ' What eorrespon dentsi' says the hou. member for Halifax. ' Why, the assaiuns of Europe. What correspondents ? Why, the advocates of anarchy throughout the con tinent. Whatcorrespondents? Why, the men who point their poignards at the breast of our ally.' The effect was of thatmagicalkind which plontaneouselo. quence, driven home then and there, alone can pro duce, and Mr. Stansfeld will not soon interrupt MIr. Disraeli again. There was much excitement when the division bhll rang, for no one knew how the numbers would be, and everybody knew that the division would be an uncommonly aloe one. Mr. Stansfeld's fate hung trembling in the balance The Government and Opposition whips looked anxious, and each surveyed the scene with lively interest as their respective parties filed into the lobbies. Then the House was pronounced 'clear,' and the tellers began to perform their duties, and in a few minates hen. members were duly counted and the numbers proclaimed. Mr. Stnsreld was aequitted hy a majority of 10-just enough to swear by-and when this was known there was uproari ous cheering from both sides; the Ministerialists cheering at the supposed escape of a minister; the Opposition cheering because of the uncommonly small majority. This nominal victory could not be regarded otherwise than as a virtual defeat- Accordingly, on the first night of the re- aseem. bling of parliament after the Easter recess, Mr. Stnasfeld came down to the House to announce his retirement from office and give his explanation. When be entered, he took his seat, not upon the Treasury bench, as he was wont to do, but in his old place below the gangway. For a time after he came in there was some routine business to be per formed, petitions to be presented, and questions to be answered; but at last the Speaker announced, in due form, "The clerk will now read the orders orf the day," and then Mr. Stansfeld rose. Accord ing to strict rule, to stop ·the business of the Douse, even to make a personal explanation, is disorderly; the rule, however, is now always set aside when a member "claims the indulgence of the House," as the phrase is, to give an explanation of a matter io waiebhhe says that be is personally concerned; but in such eases no debate can ensue. Generally, only the member himselfts allowed to speak; But Mr. 8tansfeld did not wish merely to geive an expla nation, he desired the freest discussion upon his conduct, and on his rising he at once threw down the gauntlet to his foes by moving the adjournment of the House. When Mr. 8tansfeld had finished his speecb,which was acknowledged to be admirably con ceived and perfectly satiefactory, though somewhat nservously delivered, Lord Palmerston rose and ut tered a warm penegyrie upon the late civil lord, anl, the motion for adjournment having been with. dirawn, the House quietly passed to the orders of the davy, as if sothing had happened. Mr. Stansfleld has been succeeded in his office by Mr. Hugh C. Childers, member for Pontefract, a gentleman who, not many years ago, was an Inspector of National Schools in Melbburne, but who, by his talents and indue try, rose to be a member of the Victorian Government, and went home, we believe, as Emigration Commissioner. The resignation of the Vice-President of the Board of Education, Mr. Robert Lowe, a gen tleman who, during the time he sat in the Sydney Legislature, distinguished himself, as much by his testiness and Impracticability as by his talents, was caused by a vote of censure passed upon.him for mutilating the reports of the School Inspectors. Mr. Lowe indignantly denied the imputation-observing, with cha racteristic jesuttism, that he orLY instructed the Inspectors themselves to alter their reports on pain of dismissal. He is succeeded by Mr. H. A. Bruce. The appointment of Mr. Cardwell to the office of Colonial Seretary is regarded with general favour. He will have a hard task to perform in coming after such a man as the Duke of Newcastle; but he possesses talents of a high order, and his industry is proverbial. The Shakespeare Tercentenary Festival in London proved a miserable failure, and very nearly ended in a row; but in the Swan's native village things went off better. We quote from the Home Newos: Theb Stratford-upon-Avon Tercentenary Celebration oilers a brilliant ecntrnst to the miaerable and humiliat ing failure of the London Committee. The town while we write is crowded. House and lodgings even in Warwick, Losmington, and other neighbouring places ihave mounted to an alarming figure, and Itearly all the places are taken for nearly all the performances. Beserving details for our next number, we will for the present eontent ourselves with presenting tile main features of the programme. The festival was inaugurated on the 28rd of April by a banquet in the Parilion, at which Lord Carlisle presided, followed by a display of Breworks at night. On the 24th, Sunday, there were two sermons, one preached by thie Archbishop of Dublin, and theother by the Bishop of 81i. Ahdrsws. Yesterday, Monday, in the morning the "Messiah" was given;and in the evening therk was a grand miscellaneous eonoert. To-day is to be given up to exeursions to Oharlecote, Hampton Lucey, and other BSlhakespearian localities, and in the evening the IHaymarket company will perfdrm Twelfthl Night. To-morrow morning there will be read ings from Shakespeare (but by wham does not appear), and in the evening the Princess's eompany will give representations of Romceo amd Julet, Jutiet, by MIdle. Stella Colas, and the Comedy of Errors, the two Dromios by the brothers Webb. These have been substituted for the Hamlet of Mr. Fechter. On Thursday there will be a concert of instrumental music and glees from Shates peare's plays, and in the evening a performanee of As Yot Like It. Friday is to be devoted to the ball, for which our modistee and tailors have been studying the costumes ofthe olaracters of Shaktespeare's plays for months past; and on Baturday, for those who still remain at Stratford beyond the week there will be a popular entertainments in the Pavilion. On Monday, May 2, Mr. Coswell's balloon ascent is to take place, and there will be a fulldrades ball in the evening. On Tuesday there will be a performance of Othello, and on Wednesday of Mach Ado ,/blt N?th?igB-bothL under the superintendence of Mr. Creawink. Here, at least, is Shakespearian banquet in auch good taste, atId dieplaying sachl prodigal liberality, as to reflect honour on te towan which has the glory of having given Shakespeare birth. The banquet, which was held in the Pavilion on the Birthday, and which inaugurated the festival in Strat ford-apon-Avon, was a special success. Lord Carlisle presided and was atronly supported. The whole of the vast picturesque interior was crowded. In the course of the morning, Mar Mtller had presented an addres to the mayor and corporation from the city of Frankfort, and in the evening another ·address from the Free Germoan Hochltift at Frankfort weas read by Prooessor Leitner, of King's College, attended by Dr. Earl Dau mann and Dr. Ieinrich Broekhaue. The speeches and the claraateristie musio of the evenintg passed off with brilliant effest. The twomarkedspeeahes oftheevening were delivered by Lord Oarlisle and Mr. Ctrewiek. On the followinig day, Sunday, the eongregations at the ehaleh were of unparalleled magnitude. Tihe sermon, preached by the Arehbishop of Dublin, was an eleborate· eulogy of' Shakespeare; oetupying nearly an 'hbour. e \- . _..,',, ,?, .1-,ls,,--? In London, the only publioe shabby procession oJf workinggjpejo wi?o?ph,~ieftbl e rose-hill to plosot ai-os,? from indde Tosotr?,i honoo of Shakespeare. Handbilli hiid be~'-ljut hbout, dnd dropped into aeaMs begging aid and attendancee; but the gatheriog as thile most contemptible and ridiolols . prohbabler witneesed in a metropolis which can count up more aiume n this way bn, probably, any other in the world. 'lns 5'distinguished" company colleeted on the grond' consisted of Mr. Panl Bedford, Mr. Tool; Mr. HewortLh Dinon and Mrs. Uepworth Di3on, Dr. W. _ rston, and a few more. "etr. 8. Phelps planted the tree, a lady chriastened it, and then the crowd, Iaving, as it turned out, really collected for a very rierent prpose, formed themselvee into an indignation meeting about Oaribaldi. Prom this isten tion, however, they were driven by the police, and the GCeat National Committee which commeneed a few months ago by insulting T'haekeray, very nearly gave up the ghost in the itatinn-honse. A debate has taken place in the Commons, on the confiosation policy of the New Zealand Government. Mr. Cardwell said it was impossible to disallow the acts of the Colonial Legislaturo, but he hadinstrueted the Now Zealand Government to rebtsain ito action till the cession of territory should be on terms ofpacifes tion. No single ht of eonfiscation should take plaoe without the concurrence of the Governor. He was to open a commission to investigate every ease, aRfer a just chastisement of the guilty, when the Confisc~tion Aet should terminate, and a complete amnesty be, proclaimned. Public interest in Continental matter ceatres on the Danish war, and the present state of affairs includes the entry of the Prussian Force into Jut land, and the withdrawalof the Danes, after the fall of D)oppel (or Dybbol), to the small fortified island of Alsen. On the morning of April 18, at 10 o'dlock, says a Prussian telegram, DybbOl was lost by. the Danes. The t?ite- de-pmas was gallantily defended, hot was abasn doned in the afternoon. The bridges were destroyed. One general, six colonels, several oIfficers, and above 2000 men were dead, wounded, and missing. Alen is still defended by the Danes. The Prussians are asvancing on Dybbol-hill. A Prussian telegram of. the 19th of April estimates the Prussian lose at .60 offiore and upwards of 1000 men, and that of thie Danes at 4000, hincluding upwards of 2000 prisoners. The King of Prussia hlad gone to join the army. The Danish account in the main confirms these statementi. The king of Denmasl had returned to Copenhagen having been received everywhere throughout his ronte with thle greatest entlhusiam, by the people as well as the troops. In addition to testifying to hi majesty their loyalty and devotion, the opportunity wpaW made use of by the inhabitants of Jutlandto asore him that although, having the enemy in their midst, they are the most exposed to the burdens.of war, they. e nevertheless strenuously opposed to the slightest ais of yielding being shown. They aeeire, uponthe cosi trary, in common with the reimainde, of the monar?hy;: the most energetio prosecution of the war if peace does not guarantee the entire freedom and indepen dence of the country. The king had issued a proclamation to tbb simyin which he says:-" The sufferings and losses of the last few days will not be in vain; they will bear fruite in this struggle against violence and injustice, a str gle whose aim is the existence and independence of our country." Upon the oeccasion of the king's birthday the'In habitants of the town of Horesene, in Jntland, fbor warded an address of congratinl.on to his majesty, reques.ting -im to seraeeore in the struggle, .nd" daclaring they will willinglyb ess the bessdens of the At present the remains of what was the Danish army . in eSchleswig are in the Island of Alsen, where they will endeavour to make a tend at the works whichl they are saidto have long been preparing. Should the war eaontinue, there can certanly be no doubt as'to tile fate'of their army. The allied oreeo will'be sooner or later able to cross the Sound, and compel a retreat to the Danish ships, or a capitulation. But time is necessary for'such a design. The following account of the fall of Duppel, from an' eye-witness in the Danish camp, was receeved in Co penheg~n ·on April 19 :- " ? '" Duppe has allnI Before I quitted Alsen yesterday evening the great event, which all must have been long since prepared to expeet,'had token place. Dairing the night of the 17th end the following day the bombard ment had been carried on with greatervohemencethlan. had previously boen known, end our works, already little better then heaps of rd-bbieh, and whosfrgdhly were mostly dismounted, were now in perfect ruin. Not a bridge could be raised, not a cannon was unin jured; everything demonstrated that an assault-must sueed. We awaited the attack at daybreak of the 18th but in vain, although the fire becamemore violent between 4 and 6 o'clock. The ground trembled for miles around, the windows rattled; 50 shells per minute were showered upon our men, upon the worke, and upon the buildings in the noighbourhood. After 6 the fire abated, and the attack was madeatl0. Strong hostile columens pressed forward against the works out of the rifle-pite, only a few hundred paees distant, formerly ours, but now held by the enemy. The rei ments forming the first line upon the left wing, the 2nd and 22nd, wereoutflanked and forced to eswur der, after Col. Lasson, chief of the brigade, had 'allen. Isolated shots only wore ableto be Bfired from theworks and the field batteries posted betwten them. As far· as I am aware, no fire was given from the entrenchment in the rear, and when the 8th Brigade (9th and 20th ,Regimenta), which had only arrived a few days prvi. outyi aedvaneed from itoposition in -eservethe Prusoin fg was already to be sce on thesForts 4 and 5. The men neverhelese:went forward with steadly courage under a violhmt fire: they succeeded in repulsing the enemy, and eoven in recoverimg a portion of the works, but were ultimately eompelled to withdraw by the hail of bullete fromn the storming parties and tlse fire of the field batteries planted upon the heighlts. Tihe rd Brigade (1Hllh and 17th Regiments) was posted on the first line of the right wing, and eusceeded in holding that position for some time otter tlhe left wing had re treated, but was then forced to ucncumb. The retreat never for a moment degenerated into flight: and wherever regiments or detachlments were not cut off by the enoely, the distance to ttheetee-de.peot was traversed in good order. The garrison at that point consisted of thle 3rd and 18th Regiments (2ud Brigade). The powerful fire of the enemy, which had been directed upon this position from the lheighta, had diseiounted the guns and inow raked the bridges, shells meanwhile falling into Sonderborg; the lower part of which was again in flames. The regiments retreated nere? the bridge into tAleu, where the Guards had already taken up a position in the neighboarhood of the castle, while the garrison of the tele-de-pont engaged in afresh and violenst contest with the dtorming parties of the enemy. Our guhs in the Church Battery fired upon the attack ing columns with great effeet; and the Bolt Kerake, whichl steamed three times into the Vemmingabond under a heavy fire, sent her deadly projectiles into'the enemies' ranhs, causing confusion end los. -When further resistance became useless, the garrison also retreated from the oete-de-pnet, the bridges were diseon nected, and the safety of the remaining portion of the army was seeured. The canoidlseo however, con tinued all the afternoon. During the engagement the powder magazine of the Mill Battery was blown up, and many doubtless fell at thlis point: One brave fel low, however, must have survived, for all the guns of the battery were fired after tlhe hollow roll of the ex plosion had died away. Their charge was too precioua to be lost. 