GRAND BILLIARD MATCH. [From the Melbourne Herald, August 3.] The appearance in this part of the globe of Mr. John Roberts, the champion billiard player of the world, has caused quite an excitement, not only amongst the knights of tbe cue, bat throughout <&• whole male population, as the fame of the great man has long preceded him. There are doubtless many in this colony who remember Roberts, when lie was quite a lad, playing at Liverpool, as his skill at the game was each, even in those days, as to render him a most dangerous opponent. Since that time he has gradually improved, and during the last few years has held such s position that no other player, be he ever co good, has ventured to start on an eqoality with bom. During the period at which he was the proprietor of the rooms at Seville House, many very interesting games were played, in which Roberts generally gave his antagonists as many as 300, and sometimes 400 points, and afterwards proved victorious. He has a eon who is following in his father's footsteps, and is considered almost as talented as his parent. Billiards have now become co universal that tbe amusement is within the reach of everyone; bat the billiards which we have been ac customed to witness, even by first-rate players, is a very different sort of game from that played by Mr. Roberts. Here we have the true science im proved to the highest pitch of perfection by the most constant practice. Mr. Roberto has arrived at such a stage of excellence in every point of the game as to have an almost unlimited command over the balls, and to be able to place them in nearly every position ho chooses. Shortly after bis arrival in the colony he entered into an arrangement with Mr. Cleeland for tbe large room at the Albion Hotel, in which to play the first match, and Mr. John liamb was secured as bis first opponent. The hall was fitted op expressly for the occasion with tiers of seats for the spectators, and every arrangement was made to secure the comfort and convenience of file visitors. The table used for the match was of colonial make, and it may, perhaps, be gratifying to the manufacturer, Mr. Alcock, of Russell-street, to know that Mr. Roberts considers it one of the very best he has ever played upon. Notwithstanding that the charge for admission was fixed at a rather high rate, such was the interest manifested to witness a match between the champion of the world and the champion of Australia that the room was well filled. lamb received bis SKO points out of 1,000 up, and the game was commenced by the Australian having tiie break, and, after a little coquetting on both sides to keep the balls in baulk, Lamb broke the ice by cannoning off the white, and then Boberta went in off the white, cannoned, and put the red in the top pocket, thereby scoring seven. For some time ihe game went on slowly, and very little more than commonplace play was exhibited. Boberts was evidently feeling his way and watching the play of his opponent, and at tfae same time getting at home on the new table. He soon got hold of the white ball and played with it for sometime, continually putting himself in the centre and top pockets; but wherever he put the balls there was always some thing left for himself, but very little for his anta gonist. Lamb is an excellent player, blow and careful, but he wants the precision and execution of Boberts. He played very well at the outset of the gome, making hazard after hazard off the red, alternating with a neatly executed cannon now and again. When liamb's score stood at 383 Boberts bad arrived at 57\. The English champion then tried some of bis " circumbendibus" cannons off the cushions ; but the most astonishing portion of his play is the manner in which he can run through the balls, and curve them round, so as always to bring them into a convenient position. For about two hours the game went along slowly; Roberta, making his 25 and 30 oft' a break, gradually began to creep up. When Lamb stood at 401, Boberts was only 62, but the latter was, however, warming to his work, and the balls began to fly about in all directions. Sometimes he would get three nicely placed together in a corner, and continue to score camion after cannon, always contriving to get the balls well into position. Lamb often found himself left withont a chance of making anything off his break, as Boberts many times successfully brought off tiie double baulk, when he bad got all he could himself. Lamb, however, played the good old game, shorn of its scientific adornments, and went in for safety. When Lamb's score stood at 427 Boberts'e was 93. From this he made up by a series of losing hazards played off the white into the centre pocket, and from the red into the top pocket. But his cannon game was certainly the finest. He made some of the most masterly strokes, frequently pocketed both balls after the cannon. He had scored 155 when Lamb was 452, and he then com menced some of his angular cannons, and was most successful in bringing them off several times in succession. Some of bis strokes were truly magnificent, and were loudly applauded. Lamb, nothing daunted by being matched against such a renowned player, worked away carefully, and gradually increased his score; when 500 was put on bis account, Boberts had made 272. Frequently: Boberts performed the feat of pocketing the white, and bringing his own ball back from the centre of thetable to cannon with the red lying close under the cushion, almost in a straight line; it is strokes such as these which show the power of play- Not until Roberta had brought his score up to 324 as against 534 did he commence the spot game, which is considered his great forte. Twelve consecu tive times did he pocket the red, always leaving his own ball in a good position, and he afterwards repeated this performance by putting in the red eighteen, twelve, ten, and six times consecutively, when the' scores stood as follows :—Boberts, 509 ; Lamb, 575. An adjournment took place forafewminutes, and upon resuming Boberts went on to play quickly—a sure sign that he was gaining a securer footing and greater confidence. Lamb exerted his utmost and played exceedingly well, making some really fine hazards, and several neat, if not altogether brilliant cannons. Soon Boberts Degan to forge ahead, and the numbers got closer and closer—67B, Boberts ; 691, Lamb ; 704, Boberts; and 691, Lamb. From this time the latter had not the ghost of a chance, even if any such idea hod existed previously. Boberts literally walked away from his opponent, and from 866 scored 950, making 84 in a break. He had frequently made 30,40, and once 65 from a break, but this was the largest number. Lamb's score at this time stood at 728, and this he only in creased to 743, when Boberts had made 1001—thus winning by 258 points, or including the number given at the commencement, 608. Boberf t play was magnificent throughout, but nothing ex traordinary brilliant was exhibited last night, although no very favorable opportunity occurred for the pro duction of any great skill. This evening Boberts wul again play Lamb, giving him 400 points, and the ad mission is to be reduced to 10s. 