ANIMAL INTELLIGENCE. That animals have souls which are immortal, has been maintained by many writers long before Mr Wood had entered on his present existence. Some of the following anecdotes respecting what some are pleased to call ' brute beasts,' have been related to mo by friends, the remainder are derived from my own observations. The hrst 1 shall relate was told me a few days ago by a friend and a man of probity, and proves that a dog may be trained to perform acts which have very much the appearance of being the result of rea soning, and comprehension of the meaning of what is said to him. The friend in question was staying with a clergyman, and, after the cloth was laid, the latter said to a sharp little terrier, who was stretched out comfortable on the rug before the fire, and watching with deep interest the prepara tions for dinner: 'Billy, get your tablecloth!' The dog ran under the sideboard, brought out a copy of the Saturday Review, arid spread it on the rug. ' What, Billy, can a dog of your sensibility eat a dinner off a paper which advocates prize fights ; and, perhaps, may encourage next a return to the practice of canine encounters?' If ever a dog protested against an imputation, that dog was Billy. He barked furiously, and seizing the paper in his teeth,. he worried it as though he held an un usually strong rat in his mouth. When he had satisfied himself with this amusement, he shot under the sideboard again, and brought out a copy of the Times, which he held up to his master with an inquiring look, that seemed to ask : Is there any objection to this ? His master shook his head, and Baid, 'I am afraid its opinion on the subject of church-rates is not quite what it should be.' The dog seemed troubled by some misgiving as to whether it was, under these circumstauses, a suitable tablecloth for a clergyman's dog ; but, fiuding his master made no further remark, he pro ceeded to open it with great '? care and delibera tion. As soon as the mutton was placed on the table, a couple of slices were cut off and put on a plate, and laid on the tablecloth he had spread out. With an eager appetite Billy was about to begin, his dinner, when his master said, ' Ah, Billy, Billy, isn't it a sad thing to find the woman who cooked this dinner is a Roman Catholic !' Without n groan or a' whine the dog turned away from the food and retired to the furthest comer of the room, where he lay down with an air of resignation which a human being might have copied with advantage. After a minute or two, his master said, ' Billy, I find I was mistaken about the cook. She is as good a Protestant as ever attended a May meeting.' The joy of the dog at this intimation was expressed in the most emphatic manner, and the eagerness, with which he attacked the mutton was the strongest pos sible proof of the greatness of his previous self restraint. Some years ago I was living in Hamp shire, on the borders of the New Forest. Suddenly, the shopkeepers in the neighboring towns became aware that a good deal of counterfeit coin was in cir culation among them, though they could giv.e no hint where it came from. At last, a man, having tlie appearance of a small farmer, was detected in the act of trying to pass a bad half-crown. He was detained, and the constable was sent for, who, on his refusing to give his name and address, locked' him up. Next day a man arrived from London, bring ing with him a placard, issued by the Government, stating that a gang of coiners had established them selves in the neighborhood of the New Forest, and offering a reward of £109 for their discovery and apprehension. The man in custody was induced by judioious manipulation to give information of the spot where his accomplices wore concealed, and to servo as a guide to the constables. On getting within two or three hundred yards of the place where he said they were at work, ho refused to go any far ??y.Ui'.v; -!.''! w;: i.hi.'V WlV lew ii.*1.-'.1 if1. Yulml'f'V l:- ;-:-!?;?-: I a jjV.u 'ii.h'ob H-i.or him, ;kh] ?.?? t: ,'-? '?????i- ?; w^uli'i ?;:!-??? j ifjjiy uisiai:!) ih.a ;;;*;;';!';. Us-:Vy 'fijii not try to /.Wii 'liitfj,' hixt :-';)u--l. Vju the revvMnl is-:i;ig'..n fiui^uiieii.t ^Hajtaitinvi/i hk good fo.i'h. The- oiiwlsibi^s wxit .cauiioti'ily i'oMiu-d; Init'wheu fUsy: ^wrJMd.at ?&$ : .spot. indicated, they ' uoidil luv.1 na dgii of rus s«v trance to a cave suck as had been described. In vain they searched, and equally in vain they sought for the coiner who had led them there ; he had dis appeared, and they naturally concluded he had de ceived them. This, however, was not the case. Three days afterwards, a boy who was looking after a herd of pigs, noticed them clustering about some object. He ran to see what it was, and found it was the body of a man which the pigs had not dared to touch from fear of a nearly starved mongrel that lay with ' his paws across the chest of the corpse. The body was identified as that of the coiner, and the terrible condition it was in proved very clearly at whose hands it had suffered. A por tion of the dress had been filled with red-hot coals ; the head bore traces of having been thrust into the' fire; in a word, a glance was sufficient to show that the wretched, man had been subjected to the most cruel tortures. Several laborers and a con stable were brought to the place, and, as soon as they had recovered from the feeling of horror the spectacle, awakened, they, took notice of the peculiar actions of the dog. He ran from one man to an other, catching hold of his trousers or smock-frock, and trying to drag him in a particular direction. Neither kicks nor blows deterred the poor animal, and at last it occurred to one man, a little brighter than the rest, that the dog wished to lead them in pursuit of the murderers. Acting on this idea, they followed the dog along a path through the wood till he brought them to the very place which, the constable remembered, the dead coiner had pointed out as the spot where the cave existed in , which he and his accomplices carried on their operations. The dog ran to a bush, and began tugging at it with all his might. One of the men took hold of it to assist him, when it came away, and disclosed a hole four or five feet deep, which ran in a slanting direction. The dog then began in the same expressive manner to call their attention to a thicket of underwood and ferns, a few feet from this entrance, too dense to be penetrated before a way had been cut with the axes of the woodmen present ; but this having been done, a shaft, nearly a yard in diameter, was discovered. Shouts to those within to come forth received no reply, and those without had too vivid a recollection of what they had seen shortly before to descend into the cave. In this difficulty, somebody suggested it would be a good plan to set fire to the dry ferns and underwood, and tnrow it down the shaft. All this time the dog had shown a most intelligent interest in what was being done, and when he saw the flaming mass thrust down the hole, he stretched himself close beside it, regaid less of the burning sparks which fell on him, and watched the men heap on the fuel with an expression of the most eager interest. No cry or sound was heard to issue from the cave, but when a man took a powder-flask from a boy employed in keeping the birds from a field close by, and threw it down the shaft among the burning embers, cries of agony followed the explosion. The dog, on hearing these, rose, walked deliberately to the hole, and looked down, wagging his tail all the time, as though he perfectly understood and rejoice! in what had happened.. Then turning away, he trotted back with drooping head and a most dejected appear ance to the dead body of his master. A most ingenious method of poaching without risk was earned on by a poacher, thronga the agency of his dog, for a long time before it was discovered. The animal was a rather under- sized spaniel, and was trained by his master to set an iron trap, or gin, as it is sometimes called, by the pressure of its foot. When this trap had been placed in a part of the 'run,' where the gamekeeper was not likely to perceive it, by the poacher, the dog carefully noted the spot ; and at dawn every morning, just when the night-watchers were on their way home, and before the head-keeper had come out for his morning walk, he visited each trap in succession, taking out the game where there was any in a way that effectually prevented its making further noise. The act of releasing the captive pheasant or hare, set the trap afresh, and at dusk he made a similar round, though he seldom brought anything home on these occasions. The manner in which the discovery was made of this system of poaching by deputy, was through the habit of early rising practiced by a Captain Palmer, who lived on the outskirts of one of the woods visited by the spaniel. Walking through some law furze bushes, his attention was attracted to a hare by its cries ; it was evidently caught in a gin, or was at tacked by a weasel, or stoat, or some other animal of that species. He was pushing his way between the bushes in the direction whence the sounds issued, and had just caught sight of a hare, when a spaniel rushed in upon it from another direction, seized it by the back of the neck, and putting his paw on the spring of the trap, released the hare, and started off with it at a rate which made pursuit hopeless. The whole thing was over in an instant. The captain was so struck with the proceeding, that instead of tolling the keeper, and probably causing the dog to bo shot, he contented himself with carrying away the gin and making inquiries as to the owner of the spaniel. Having discovered it belonged to a man who 'supplied him with fish and many kinds of vegetables before they could bo got from his own garden, he induced him to acknowledge the fact that the dog was in the habit of visitiug the traps in the way described, and in obtaining a promise from him that he would discontinue the practice, on condition that he, the captain, did not inform against his dog, which would soon have insured its death. Whether the dog re frained from his evil courses in future, or merely pursued them in another direction, is best known to his master. The instances of canine sagacity given above, though new, are by no means so wonderful as many that have been elsewhere recorded. The following case of the influence of supernatural terror upon a Newfoundland dog is of quite recent occurrence, and came out in the course of a trial at Thames Polioe Court of a steward for neglecting his duty. The man went on very well for a time after he oamo on board ; but suddenly disappeared, and it was supposed he had jumped overboard. This was not so, however ; ho had merely concealed himself, and came out at night to get provisions. On one ! of these excursions, the dog caught sight of him, aud the instant it did so, it dashed up on deck, rushed to the side and sprang into the sea, evidently believing it had seen the steward's ghost. Anec 1 dotes respecting foxes are universally interesting ; there is so much sagacity in their operations, that the very fact of their beine hunted should be a :i.;i.-ijii'.;;'-'.J : i::i.-;( = -': ??????'???? ?pn^o:-':-.-:-. O ;?*.-;? stu,: ' . -M. Iu)'iVli'f-' li'-LU tV-jj'-s-O -li.l'-: (1- :u:k!?::v! :1 U-* i-';!Ul A V/C'-.iU, and jv.-:\, ',;?:, U: ., ii miv Kut ?}'?' u: in :\ \i:MkiLLar iViCfiVlnv,'.. HiMiii-ufutv: iii'i awm litul^cniv j'&i; b;M.u «jii;: 1'iu-t »i ,, t.itii a-o-uW, ?tou^U'u;^ ?n ^.iwUu'r, iral ivbts-fiViSr U l3u.j;)fn?«CA4,-iU(:Y-t v;a.s no u'uc^.;:? nfiv UoSo oi: piaca fvimrw he oooW «oiiCi?ul iuvuwoiiV S'.- dotw ??? ? ; .'?.', ??,?.'??' '. ? mined were the huntsmen to catch the animal that had SO; often foiled them, that meet after meet was fixed at the same spot, and the same wood drawn ; the fox always going away at the first sound of the bounds among the underwood, and thus getting a good start, and invariably taking the direction of this meadow ; till at last the farmer, to whom the cows feeding in it belonged, complained of their being injured by these frequent alarms. The secret was at laBt discovered by a boy, who had been sent by the farmer to drive the cows, into a corner of the meadow when he saw the ' field' coming. He saw the fox come through the hedge into the meadow, check his speed, look about him, and then rush towards a red cow and spring on its back, holding on so tightly with mouth and legs that the rushing hither and thither of the fright ened.animal;did notskake him off. Similarly, another fox disappeared several times in succession in a rather deep brook, and every effort to get on the sctnt again was unavailing. It was at Ia3t found that he swam to a hole cut through the bank on which the hedge grew, and backed into it ; and here he remained, with his nose just above water, till the hounds had been taken away to try their luck at another cover. Another, finding itself in imminent danger of being taken, scrambled into a carriage in which two ladies were seated watching the. running of the horses and hounds. As the ' field ' was coming straight down upon them, the coachman drove on a little distance from fear that his horses would bo frightened by the red coats and the noise. As soon as the vehicle was stopped, the fox, as if aware that it was not a safe refuge for him any longer, sprang out, and ran into a copse so dense that the hounds could only force their way through it with difficulty, and probably emerged from it on the opposite side, and made his escape across the country, for the scent was not re covered. Another fox, when hard pressed, managed to squeeze through a tall, quickset hedge, into a garden belonging to an old lady, where the hounds could not follow, and hid itself in the conserva tory. As the lady refused to allow the animal to be taken out, the ' field ' were obliged to betake themselves elsewhere, very much to their disgust. Two more anecdotes, taken from foreign sources, and I shall conclude what 1 have to say on the subject of animal intelligence on the present occasion. In Le Nord, it is related that a cook was recently greatly perplexed by the disappearance, day after day, of a cutlet or a steak from the kitchen table, when she was preparing the dinner. In each day's tale there was a deficiency of one. At last it oc curred to her that, as the bell was rung every day , while she was preparing dinner, and. when she went to the door there was nobody there, there must be some connection between the two occur rences. Once this idea had entered her mind, she determined to satisfy herself on the point. The bell rang at the usual time, but instead of answering it, she hid herself in a cupboard. She had hardly done so before a cat rushed into the kitchen, sprang on the table, seized a cutlet in its mouth and vanished. Her mistress was made acquainted with this felonious act on the part of the animal, and it was determined to set a watch to see who it was had trained it to this mode of robbery. The discovery was soon made. At the usual time, when the cook had her dishes arranged for the stove, the concealed watoher saw the cat creep stealthily towards the bell wire, hook her claws in it, give it a furious pull, and then rush away Idtchenwards. The Patrie\ia the authority for the following: — At one of the cafes on the boulevards they had a dog which was a universal favorite. He was accustomed - to fetch and carry, and one of his duties was to go withs a basket to the baker's shop every morning for the rolls. One morning the mistress of the cafe found! that a roll was wanting. The same thing occurred the next morning, and the attention of the baker was called to the error. As the deficiency continued, the baker unhesitatingly asserted that it must be the dog that stole it. A waiter was sent to follow the dog from the shop home, but the;latter, instead of return ing direct, took his way down a by-street, and en tered a passage leading to a stable. Here he placed his basket on the ground, drew the cloth asido, and taking out a roll, he approached a closed kennel, from which the nose of another dog was protruding. His imprisoned friend took the roll in a quiet, unde monstrative way, as though it were a thing to which she was accustomed, and the dog picked up his basket, and trotted home. The waiter made some inquiries of the porter, and learned that the animal for whose sake the dog had committed petty larceny, had had maternal duties to perform towards three pups from the day when the first roll was missing. The land lady was so much interested in the matter that she would not allow the dog to be interfered with, and he continued to abstract the roll daily till his friend was in a condition to do without it, when he resumed his former probity. — Chambers' 8 Journal. 