AUSTRALIAN NATIVE-BORN POETS. II [COMMUNICATED.] For upwards of twenty years the poems of Henry Halloran, scattered through newspapers and maga- zines, have been before the public. A scholar as well as a poet, as Mr. Halloran is, they are remarkable for classic grace. Not, reader, as that phrase is too generally misunderstood, since the "Augustan Age" of English literature — colourless studies from Greek and Roman originals. They are inspirations, almost always overflowing with tenderness — often of very great beauty, but always confined within strict boundaries such as the ancient poets accepted. Everywhere exhibiting what modern writers, with the single exception of Matthew Arnold, seem bent on ignoring — a sense of poetic form. A poem published many years ago, — "The Descent of Orpheus," — is for classic "feeling," (as sculpture and painters phrase it, and we know no better word for the thing indicated) remarkable even in this age, when poets grow everywhere, plentifully as geebungs and "five-corners" were wont in the woods of our boyhood. Mr. Halloran's domestic verses, as we believe it is the fashion to style a certain class of poetry since the "Delta" of Blackwood so named a collection of his poems, have always been favourites of our. For manly gentleness, for tenderness, for grace, for an imagery with classic delicacy of its own, like the bas- reliefs on an antique vase, they will always endear themselves to lovers of the Muse in her gentler moods. Some of his translations from the Greek of Anacreon are perfectly charming ; and we only wish we had at hand some copies of defunct colonial peri- odicals to present our readers with specimens. How graceful, how thoroughly Greek in feeling, is the following, published many years ago. The "stem of roses" would have pleased Anacreon him- self ; not, mind you, a rose solely, but a luxurious spray overbending with its wealth of rich blooms, mayhap wet with the dews of the reddening dawn. The verses might have come from the "Anthology." I wish thou wert a stem of roses, And I a golden bee to sip The honey-dew that now reposes In balmy kisses on thy lip. I wish thine eyes were violets blue, And I a wand'ring western breeze, To press them with my wings of dew, And melt them into ecstasies ! I wish thou wert a golden curl, And I the myrtle-wreath that bound it ; I wish thou wert a peerless pearl, And I the casket round it. I wish thou wert a happy star, And I the atmosphere about thee ; But if thou must be as thou art, Dearest, I cannot live without thee. Some of his love-verses have the tenderness of the elder ballads ; and lines from them often float upon our memory. Had not false Fortune barred the way, Had we but met in happier day ! Perhaps these hearts had then been gay, . . . . My Early Love. Thy damask rose is changed for white, Thine eyes are filled with mournful light And I have known the Spirit's blight, My Early Love. But it is Mr. Halloran's verses connected with home affections that in our opinion give him the truest title to the rank of poet. Before giving the reader a speci- men of these, and to use Sir Philip Sydney's image, he must not think a bunch of grapes fully sets out the character of the whole vineyard, we must notice Mr Halloran's lines on the death of George James M'Donold as one of the most beautiful elegies pro- duced anywhere for many years. Mr. M'Donald, formerly a commissioner of Crown lands, a man of ecctetric habits, was not only a remarkable scholar and a musician of exquisite endowment, but a poet, as evinced by his "Lake of Swans," and his verses "To a Lady on Playing a Movement of Beethoven's." The following are stanzas on "The Death of a Child." 1 Little Eddy I little Eddy ! through the watches of the night, Docs my tortured heart tura to theo in its anguish and aUright, And I tee theo starkly lying with the foam upon thy Ups, And thy beauty fading, fading, in Death's terrible coUpsc. Little Eddy I littlo Eddy ! yet upon thy brow there liea Such a look of qnict transport as la worn beyond the skies : Didn't thoa in that fatal moment look tho dim veil through Wearing to that angel forehead something of the blissful vltw t Something that to aching bosoms should this consolation gire, Wticio the Shepherd leads his lov'd ones, docs our little lamb Blill live. In the sweet green pastures resting, where the liriog waters flow, Coes he live whom we so wildly, vainly, weep for hore below! But that little chair is empty-doth the cot the sleeper lack T On the wall a cap hangs idly-will tho wcurcr not come back t w ill the jocund voioc that greeted fondly every oro and mora, Never speak again to mike our lonely bosoms less forlorn ! When the spring-birds wake the morning with their sweet anuV tender ones, Shall wo hear that voice of music eohelng from beyond tho skies? When the birds and flowers sweeten, all arc saddon'd hero around, Sweeter thoughts of him Ehall gather hero our darling lost and found. O'er the rugged hill still toiling, to the valley faint and dim. Will our wearied steps stilt bear us, drawing nearer still to him, Near to bim, our ravished treasure, which we vainly thought to hold, Hoping, fearing-tearing, hoping, c'en os misors with their gold. One of the most remarkable, and for several reasons one of tke most interesting, of local poeticsl publica- tions is the Poi-ms and Songs of Henry Kendall. The author is Btill a very young man, and has, doubt- less, like most native men, laboured under disadvan tpges in his work of self-culture. Many of the poem» show, however, remarkable power, and all of them a brilliant promise. Indeed, there is a wealth of fancy -frequently evidences of a true and strong imagina- tion-and a depth of feeling not often found com- bined in the maiden volumes of modern writers. Luxuriance of imagery has now become the sovereign characteristic of the poetry of the day. We fear that readers are fast confounding what are the deeper churact eristics of ideal literature with novelty and splendour of imagery, enounced in musical and . measured lines. The pset's faculty of elevating, en- riching, and purifying the material and moral world about him-of reconciling and fusing all things-con- - fliot8, contradictions, doubts, beliefs, aspirations-into a harmonious whole-seeing all things through an ideal medium, ia too often exchanged for the trade of ac- cumulating the very jewellery and millinery of poetry -novel and sparkling fancies, drawn from ail création. ? t-ï -ri ' - ' to typify all conceivable things. To any extent in which tie deeper offices of poetry are concerned, the »hetorician could do this quite as well, and with equal benefit to the world at large. In this kind of way, as ' far SB essential poetry goes, there is as much of it in the volume of speeches of the Irish revolutionary orator, Thomas Francis O'Meagher, sb there is in a dozen poetical publications of the day. Though, by the way, Mr. O'Mosgher's addresses are too lavishly studded with brilliances to belong even to the best order of oratory. Though a student of the chromatic school to which we refer, the really true and profound fteling-the genuine sense of the deep realities of life which charac erise many of Mr. Kendall's poems, have saved him from being a mere artist in similes ; and as in such art, having the eimile suggest the eentiment, instead of the warm and impassioned sentiment dtmanding and clothing itBelf with the simile. Young pnetB should lecollect that it is not the newness and the splendour of an image-the deft- ness and delicacy with which, to use a phrase of Archbishop Tilloteon, " the figure of the discourse is caiven," but it ia the degree of power and truth, and of pathos, if 3 ou will, in which any image íb placed in an atmosphere of human feeling. In a word, as to how far tbe pott throws upon and suffuses it with his own profound and passionate sensibilities. This is the true life of the ideal ; and in the greatest poets, from Dante to Burns, the commonest images of every- day life are so immersed in this warm and luminous element, as to become for ever new things added to the ideal wealth of the race. They become of human feeling " all compact." One great merit of Mr. Kendall's volume, and a quality we are delighted to find in it, is that it is racy of the soil. No more hopeful characteristic could be found in a 3 oung poet ; no nobler merit in an old and laurelled one. Whatever be the gifts of a lyrical poet, he has no better chance of recognition everywhere than being true to the inBpirntiens of his own home. Burns and Beranger-the one in France and the other in England-are mora deeply and intimately under- stood everywhere than if their songs had any amount of imaginative cosmopolitanism, as the staple quality. "While it is the local influences which colour the pretty, there for the foreign reader are easily elimi- nated, leaving no particle of the true ideal element ti escape. "Kooroora," "The Maid of Geringong," " The Curlew Song," " The Wail in the Native Oak," " The Burcoo," (with its brave lyrical movement,) and "Under the Fig-tree," are all specimens of what we allude to. In many of the songs there is really a charming tenderness, and still more a passionate sorrow, 'and a feeling seldom found in the verses of any but a writer who has seen and suffered more than we are willing cr would wish to believe Mr. Kendall his known. One fault Mr. Kendall mu-t correct He has been reading Tennyson over much, and nothing can be more dangerous for a jouthful writer. That great poet Jives in a region where, though serene^ and strengthening for himself, the atmosphere intoxicates and enfeebles all who enter it to learn the art* and .ma)s of the Muse. Worse still, Mr. Kendall has been studying too often Edgar Poe ; avery remarkable writer, even of veise, and quite an artiste In tunes and metrical fantasias. The '' wanderings of echoes " round hills, the sensation of " crimson drouths " on the lips, the twinkling of thoru-leavfs with their "haggard hopeliSB eyes," the "glaring wildly " of tVe desert, and a hundred such extravagances-in the main those of youth, and easily to be avoided-deform his volume. These are not of the working of the imaginaticn any more than are common sense, truth, or reality. The imnge, and the quality of th.it image, are never so tiue if as true as when the true imagina tion of the poet is most impassioned and most active. And Mr. Kendall's modelt-for instance, in Mr. Tennyson in the much abused little maiden volume of 1830-though they do things that to a merely prosaic man look not unlike these extravagance?, in their most fanciful moment never write what is not true to the moral nature of things-though only aman of a certain temperament sees them aa they see them. We have only space tor one of Mr. Kendall's poems; to our mind it _ is thoughtful and tender-even beautiful. Its lyrical structure-its refrain, as con- nected with the Long, Long Ago it celebrates is en- titled to notice. SITTING BY THE FIRE, Barren Bge and wilber'd world 1 Oh ! the dying leaves, Like a drfezllog rain Falling round the roof Pattering on the pane. Frosty age and cold, cold world ! Ghosts of other days, Trooping past the faded fire, 7J!t beforo tho gaze. Now tbe wind goes soughing wild O'er the whistling earth ; And we front a feeble flame, Sitting round the hearth 1 Sitting by the fire, Walebing in lis glow, Ghosts or other days Trooping to and fro. . ..>> Ob I the nights-the nights we've spent. Sitting by tho fire, Cheerful ia Its glow Twenty summers back Twenty years ago. If the days were days of toil Wherefore should we mournl There were shadows near the sbine Flowers near the thorn ; And we still con recollect Evenings spent in mirth Fragments of a broken life Bitting round the hearth. Sitting by the fire Cheerful in ita glow, Twenty summers back Twenty years ago. Beauty stooped to bless u onoe. Sitting by the fire, Happy In its glow ; . Forty summers back . Forty years ago. . ? "Words of love were interchanged, i Maiden hearts wo stole ; ' And tho light affection throws 8lept on every soul ' t.. Ob, the boorB went flying past Hours of priceless worth ; ' But we took so note of time, Sitting round the hearth ; fitting by tbe fire, Happy in its glow, Forty summors bock Forty years ago. Gladsome children were we not Î bitting by tho fire, Buddy in its glow, Sixty sommers hack Sixty years ago. Laughing voices filled the room ; Oh, the songs we sung, When the evenings hurried hy, i When our hearts were young. Pleasant faces watched the flame Eyes illumed with mirth And wo told some merry tales bitting round the hearth ; Sitting by the fire, 1 Buddy in Its glow, Sixty summers back- | Sixty years ago. Barren age and withered world 1 Oh I the dying leaves, Like a drizzling rain , Falling round the roof Pattering on the pine I Frosty agc, and cold, cold world I Gboste of other days Trooplc g past the faded fire, < ' Flit before the gaze. Mow the wind goes soughing wild ! O'er the whlsiUng earth ; ! And we front a feeble flame, ' Bitting round the hearth : \ Walebing in its glow, \ Ghosts of other days ,JX^ Trooping to and fro, , 