OUR SUMMARY. I he question of military defence has for the moment taken tho place of even the squattirg question. Since the arrival of the English mail discussions have taken place in Parliament and out of rauiament on the subject of that portion of the news which related to the alleged designs of Ruesia against Australia. Some alarm was naturally felt when it was seen in the columns of the London Times that if England had gone to war with Russia on behalf of Poland there would have been an immediate nttack upon these colonies. The Government were at once- asked what founda tion there was for this statement, and they have been frequently asked the same question up to the present time, bat they have been unable to give a definite roply. All that they bave stated is that information was reoeived by the Colonial Governments some months ago 09 to tlte designs of Russia, and that it tins immediately communicated to the Home authorities. But what (he nature of the infor mation was, or who gave it, is a matter which thny havo not said a word about ; and (he Legislature has therefors been very much in fc!ie dirk as to the course which they ought to tuko in providing against future dangers. Whilst, however, all thu mystery has been kept up in onr own colony, tho plain facts of the case havo been published in the Melbourne newspapers. We find the following paragraph on the subject in (he Herald of the 19 h, which reached us yesterday :— ' We are informed that the Cabinet have under consideration a complete system of national defences, and will be 'prepared to lay it before 1'uriiamcn: as soon as the House meets. The visit of Commodore Sir William Wiseman to this colony was at the request of the Local Govern ment, who were aware some six months ago of the story lirst made public in the Times as to- the alleged intentions of the Russian Emperor in the event of a war with England. The authenticity of the rumour may, however, be doubted, since the Eourcc from which it emanated was the agent oj thr. Polish Insurrectionary National Government; who communicated it to the authorities of the various Australian Colonies.' Hire, then, is all that wo oan wast to know in addition to the details which have appeared in the Times. The particolari-of the scheme hive there been given, and now the Melbourne pipers show, who were the informants wKo: eupplied the Colonial Governments with those particulars, lhe Pole», it seems, had become acquainted with the intended policy of their enemy, and bad made use of it by forewarning the colonies of the impending danger. This, being the source of the information, the ques tion arises as to whetber or not it i« reliable. The Melbourne 'journalist has donbU on this, point. But' we do ?not t« what the Polish National Gov^rament bid to gain, by mislead ing: these ,cojdnie0.. ?« On the contrary, it ?*rt'. to their diiad vantage to expose the intention! of Bnssia, for if Lord Falmerston's Govern ment had strong views against assisting Poland, those views would certainly not be modified by a knowledge of the fact that to interfere with Bussia would be lo bring down a savage attack upon the unprotected ports and towns of Australia. However, the Suds of the case are before up, and they must be ialten for what they are worth. The Victorian Government evidently believe that the colonies have been exposed to a great danger, for they are taking effective steps towards the protec tion of their ports. They are doing this with a full knowledge of the source whence their recent information was derived, and they are also doing it with the warm concurrence of the English Government, who have already dispatched an artillery force to Melbourne. In our own colony the Parliament, acting solely on the strength of what has appeared in the Times, have urged the Government into a course similar to that which is being taken by the Victorian Government. The House of Aisembly bave voted £20,000 for rifled cannon, and have added £2,000 to the £1,500 which was already on the Estimates for the purposo ofreclothing the volunteer force. The new uniform which has been decided upon is to include the 'red shirt'— an article of dress which Garibaldi has made classical, and which may be adopted by our volunteers on various grounds, if it can be made of suitable form and good material. A Commission, moreover, is to be appointed on the subject of our defences generally, so that whether the Poles have been right or wrong we shall owe something to them for tho hearty interest which they have caused our Locsl Parliament to take in the question of national defences. The House of Asiembly is still at work, but the session is at length drawing to a close. The Estimates hare been pawed, and the interminable squatting question is now only kept alive by the efforts of tho Opposition j for th« Government have gaastted the first batch of Mr. Goyder's valuations, and havo snnounced that their policy in respect of all matters connected with those valuations is identical with the views and wishes of tho Assembly. Of ths Bills which were intro duced early in the seuiona great many bave fallen through; but a few useful measure* have been puthed forward, such as the Convicts Prevention Bill, the Management of Lunatics Bill, and the Northern Bailwajs Bill. No news has been leceiyed.from the Northern Territory during the present month. The Government, however, have dispatched a second party of men, forty in number, to assist Mr. Finniss in the work of surveying the new country. It has been determined, also, to ask the Home Government for the services of a small force of infantry, who could be sent to Ncrth Australia from India, the terms of payment being arranged in accordance with the regulations lately enforced by the War Office. This would be a great protection to the young settlement; and would probably do much towards its ejtablishment, by causing strangers to go there from the adjacent islands. In con nection with this subject suggestions have been started, as will be seen by letters in other columns,;to the tfrlct, thafa'^Creole emigration from the Isle of J3ourbon to. North Australia should be brought aboHt by those , who are interested in the new colony. It is said that there is a useful ^population quite ready to move from the one country to the other. in subsequent columns a great deal of news will be found of general interest. The question of improved harbour accommodation at Port Adelaide is being fully discussed; Major Warburton has returned from Port Augusta, having found it impossible to penetrate the north-west country ..during the present dry season of the year; and on the subject of a fortnightly Jmail it will be seen that there is no prospect of this colony being favourable to the scheme proposed by (he P. &, O. Company. Another matter which is receiving much atten tion is the election of a Mayor for the City of Adelaide, there boing an unusually severe con test between the two candidates—Mr. W. K. Thomas and Mr. W. Townsend. The weather has been warmer than usual during the month, though it is now cool and pleasant. The crops in some districts have been affected by the blight; and they are generally considered to be lighter than they were last year. From returns in other columns, it will be seen that at the land sales, from the beginning of the year to November the 24tb, there have been dispoied of 207,014 acres, realizing £247,281. The Customs receipts for the same period hava been £182,000 ; and the imports have been £1,961,000, whilst tho exports have been £2,167,000. homewabd ittAiL.— ' i'ue mail closes this evening [26th inst.) astfollowH:— For newspapers, at nine ;9) p.m. ; for letters, at eleven (11) p.m. Supple mentary mail for letters, upon which a late fee of 3d. has been paid, at twelve (12) midnight. Money jrders for transmission by this mail should b* jbtained before 3 p.m. this day (Saturday). Intercolonial.— The Rangatira has brought is later dates. The news of gener»l interest has mostly been anticipated by our telegrams. Chabgks against the Corporation.— We refer our readers to a statement published in our idvertising columns from the Mayor and Corpo ration in answer to the charges which have been preferred against them at several meetings which have recently been held in the. city. The charges ire dealt with seriatim, and we think are very satisfactorily answered. Unless the explanations there given can be shown to be false, it seems clear enough that those demonstrative orators Messrs. John ClaTR and S. Raphael have found a 'mare's- nest,' and may be congratulated on their remark able discovery. The matter ought not to rest where it is. Either the charges should be sub stantiated or withdrawn. The Corporation of PonT Adelaide.— At a special meeting of the Council, held on Friday morning, three tenders were received for the erec tion of the Town Hall, on the conditions specified. That of Mr. F. Reynolds, the present Mayor of Port Adelaide, for £4,980, was accepted. The nominations for Mayor, Councillors, &c;, will take place at noon to-day. Mr. Reynolds being the successful tenderer for the Town Hall will not, of course, be eligible for re-election. For the East Ward one Councillor will be required, iu place of Mr. J. Menpes, who retires; and in the West Ward, one in the ioom of Mr. T. H.- Parker. Two will also have to be nominated for the newly formed Centre Ward. Supreme Court.— This being the last day of Term, the Full Court will sit at a quarter past 10. Insolvency,' Court.— On, Friday at the firs bearing of T. H. Brown, of Auburn, butcher, nothing was done in the Insolvent Court. At th« adjourned final hearing in re J. Thomson, .of Walkerville, brewer, Mr. Bagot answered the charges against insolvent, and examined additional witnesses. His Honor reserved his decision till luesday next, at 2 o'clock. Adelaide Police. Court.— The only remark able case on Friday was that of Wettenhall, whose depositions in the insolvency case of Mrs. Schaum burg have subjected him to tho counterdeposi tions of the insolvent and her relatives, which resulted in a committalfor.perjury. The prisoner, who was ably defended by Mr. Andrews, declined to make any' statement' until his trial; which is marked for December 6, at the Supreme Court Cereal Exports. — The' breadstuff's exported during the week ended 19th November were:— Wheat, 1,039 quarters; flour, 46 tons; bran and pollard, 115 tons. Fatak Accident.— An accident attended with Fatal consequences occurred on Tuesday, Ko rember 22, at Morialta, to a young man named George Windass, a coachman in the employ of the Hon. J. Baker. The unfortunate young man iraa engaged with another in attending to a wounded horse in the stable when the animal kicked out, striking the deceased violently in the stomach and knocking the other man down, at the lame time slightly bruising his face, but doing bun do serious injury. The poor fellow Windass was immediately attended to by Drs. Todman and GunsoD, but after lingering till Thursday afternoon he expired. The deceased, who has no relatives in the colony,* came out with' Mr. Baker frern Eng land about two years ago, and had been in his employ ever since. His remains were interred in the 'West-terrace .Cemetery on Friday afternoon, ind.were followed to the grave by several members 6f the Foresters1. Court Temperance, of which 'the Deceased was a member, and also by a number of pis fellow-semnia, who were anxious to pay their last ' tribute of respect - to - one whom toy all - esteemed,;. . ; . -^. -,: :, ? i ? ??.,. ;..?..;, : . .-? The Matoraltt.— A meeting of the supporters and friends of Mr. W. K. Thomas was held at the Huntsman's Hotel on Friday evening.November25. The attendance was large, and Mr. C. H. Goode was voted to the chair. Having asked a patient hearing for all speakers, the Hon. E. McEllister rose to propose the first resolution. It was that Mr. W. K. Thomas was the most fit- and proper person to represent the city as Major. (Hear, hear.) He thought they would admit that. that gentleman had claims upon the suffrages of tbe citizens of Adelaide. He had worked for them and not in vain. He was not ambitious, but had been invited to act in the Municipality as Councillor, and he would ask them whether his past career would not justify them in selecting him to serve them for another year. He believed he was the riaht man in the right place. Having diawn a comparison between the respective claims of the ? two candidate;, he said he was of opinion that although Mr. Thomas was not sifted with that power of speech which Mr. Townsend possessed, yet* as being a solid steady man of business, he was the Mayor they wanted. Now Mr. Townsend had attained to the position of J.P. and member of Parliament, and surely in these offices he had enough to do without in truding himself further upon them. (Mr. Raphael —'One thousand signatures.') With regard to that matter, he believed that the signatures were obtained at 2s. 6d. a piece. (Hear, hear, and No, no.) He had it from good authority. Mr. D. Garlick had very great pleasure in seconding. Haying endorsed all Mr. McEllister's statements, he proceeded to give his reasons for supporting Mr. Thomas, earnestly rcrommendmi those present to vote for that gentleman. Mr. Buik supported the proposition. He pointed out the peculiar claims which Mr. Thomas had upon the citizens. He felt convinced from personal know, ledge that he would do honour to the civic chair. He felt strongly on the subject' He had no ambition to become Mayor himself, for he believed it would be a dear £200 to him. He had resigned his office of Deputy Returning Officer, believing that the honour of the office would not compensate him for the loss of his vote. (Hear, heir.) Having defended the Council against the charges which had been imputed to them, he denied that the meeting at the Council Chamber was a^ election dodge. At all events, if it were so, he had nothing to do with it. He then explained the facts with reference to the Lucem Paddock, showing that the leasing of it had been a benefit to the city. Mr. J. Newman moved, as an amendment, that Mr. Townsend was a more fit and proper person for the office of Major. None of them would say that that gentleman had not worked for the colony. (A Voice— 'With his hammer.') Yes; both with his hammer and his head. The speaker went on to state the reasons which induced him to give the preference to Mr. Towneend. Mr. H. Downes seconded the amendment. In the course of his speech, while referring to the Corporation, he alluded to the dismissal of Mr. Tanner, the Park Lands Ranger, and contended that the Council had not acted fairly towards him. Mr. Buik stated the reason for Mr. Tanner's dismissal, and in course of his explanation said that assistance was obtained for Mr. Tanner's successor on ac count' of the sand licences. Mr. Raphael sup ported the amendment, and condemned the action of Mr. Baker and the City Surveyor in dopginR Mr. Tanner about from place to place while ho was m a state of ill health. The speaker also made a long and vehement speech as to the ques tion of the supply of stone, the petition of the North Adelaide carman, and the Waterworks Committee. In reference to the latter, he gave it as his opinion, from witnessing the conduct of Mr. Thomas on the Committee, that that gentleman was incapable of presiding over city affairs as Chief Magistrate. Mr. Dale also supported the amendment, and brought forward a large number of statements in favour of Mr. Townsend. The Hon. J. M. Solomon addressed the meeting in favour of the motion after which Mr. W. K. Thomas spoke. Having, explained the reason of his absence at the former meeting in that place, he, with reference to Mr. Bagot's allusion on the previous evening to the meeting at the Council Chamber, appealed to them whether it was not better to settle the question of the charges at once, instead of allowing them to hang over the head of the Council. »With regard to the charges alleged against the Corporation, he asked whether an honest man would not have brought them forward when the circum stances occurred. He should be able to prove that Mr. John Clark 'hod been ac tuated by malice in his opposition to him. He then referred to the report of the case of Murray against Thompson, tried in the Supreme Court on March 25 and 26, 1863, reflecting upon Mr, Clark, who in reference to the matter had said— 'As sure as there is a God in Heaven I will be revenged.' He also read fas follows a prirate memorandum that had been given him:— Mr. Longson Btates that Mr. John Clark means to speak against Mr. Thomas at the Theatre on Tues day night, on the ground that the Register had once tried to crush him. He says he attributes it to Mr. Thomas, as he had several interviews with him on the subject.' This was a matter of fact, and showed that Mr. Clark had been actuated by malice. If the charges were true they ought to have been brought forward months ago. (Hear, hear.) He also alluded to the reported statement of Mr. Cla'rk, that-'There was no douht that there was some corrupt influence at work amongst them; and notwithstanding all that they said of themselves about their respectability and integrity, he had no hesitation in saying that the present Council was one of the most infamous and cor rupt bodies that ever sat to represent any com munity. They had cast reflections upon the old Council, and said that it was nothing but a bear garden, and that the members of it only met' to abuse each other.'- Now, he asked whether there was a single man amongst them who believed him. (No, no.) He accepted their verdict. Mr. Thomas then briefly referred to other charges, stating that as the time was very Lite he was prevented from saying ail that he had intended. The Chairman then put the motion and the amendment, and said, after the show of hands, that he thought the majority was in favour of the latter. Mr. Townsend then addressed the meeting. In the course of his speech, with regard to Air. McEllis ter's statement that he believed the signatures had been obtained at 2s. fid. each, he said that the only person who had asked him for payment was Mr. R. B. Moore, who brought him 250, and who in consequence of a refusal had become Secretary to Mr. Thomas's Committee. A vote of thanks to the chair closed the proceedings. Victoria Theatre.— An entertainment of a very novel and miscellaneous character was given at the Theatre, on Friday evening, by Messrs. Steele, Leslie, and Taylor, under the patronage of Sir James Hurtle Fisher, the Hon. G. C. Hawker, and His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide. There was a very large attendance in all parts of the house. At the commencement of the per formance Mr. Leslie appeared as an Apologist, and stated that the apparatus required for the exhibi tion of Pepper's Ghost had been damaged on board the Rangatira, but that, though it could not be exhibited that even in?, it would certainly make its appearance on the following nipht. The first part of the entertainment consisted of a diorama containing 12 illustrations of the American War They were of the same size as the proscenium, and perhaps, as a whole, were quite equal to it. The city of Charleston, in particular, was remark able for the skilful blending of its colours and the harmony of its parts. Mr. Leslie at tempted a descriptive lecture of the war, but admitted that he had nit had time to prepare it. The audience gnod-humourcdly accepted the will for the deed. Mr. Steele performed a solo on the violoncello in the second part, and gave another illustration of his thorough mastery of that instru ment. A song by Mr. J. R. Taylor followed, and this again was succeeded by the musical perform ances of the Amateur Christy Minstrels, assisted by Messrs. Steele and Leslie. In this part of the evening's amusements Mr. Leslie was as racy and intensely humorous as ever. The sinpiij; was in some instances very good, and though Leslie, as already intimated, was the great attraction jel the audience, the gentleman amateur who thumbed the tambourine was little lower in their estima tion. The amusements were concluded with 'The Carnival d'Afrique.' This evening the amuse ments will be repeated for the last time. The par ticulars will be seen on reference to the advertise ment on our first page. Glkxkuj.— A meeting was held, at St. Peter's Church, Glenelg, on Thursday evening, November 25, for the purpose of forming a Parochial Asso ciation in aid of the Melauesian Missions. The Eev. J. S. Jackson,' M. A.., incumbent of the church, presided. After opening tho proceedings with prayer, and addressing a few introductory re marks to the meetinpr, he called upon the Rev. Canon Farr, who detailed at some length, and in a very interesting manner, the steps which were being taken by the Right Eev. Bishop Patteson for the formation of mission schools among the Meknesian Islands and at the head-quarters in New Zealand. The Rev. James Poliitt 'then spoke on the subject cf missions generally, and urged the prosecution, of the work in hand. The Rev. Cation Russell next addressed the meeting in a most eloquent and effective speech, strongly' recommending the formation of a Parochial Association, and ex pressing his opinion that small sums collected from numerous subscribers would be preferable to large amounts contributed by persons of the wealthier, class. After a few \rords. from a member of the congregation a resolution was unanimously adopted for the formation of the proposed branch Society.. The rev. incumbent mode some pertinent remarks, and suggested that the Glenelg Association should avail itself of Bishop Patteson's offer by adopting as its own one or more of the young* native students, who thus being educated and. supported by the subscribers would be regarded by them with peculiar interest A -collection was then made,' amounting to £5 12s. 9cL, and the proceedings were clOBed with the usual benediction. Thb Very Rkv. M. J*taic.— The numerous friends of the Roman Catholic Vicar-General will be rejoiced to hear tharthe^ rev. Rerjtlemanwa8 in' Adelaide on Friday, and in' the apparent enjoy mentof goodbealtb.: -The.ViQar-General hascer-; tainlyr hid at&ttaok; of illness, but happily not so serious as wa» reported. ft - x '' Lectors at thk Institute.— The Lord Bishop of Adelaide lectured at the Institute on Friday evening, November 25, taking as his subject 'Mahomet and the Mahometans.' In a brief introduction, he referred to the rapid and exten sive spread of the Moslemitish power, both in Europe and Asia; to the motives which gave rise to the Crusades; to the psychological considera tions which gave interest to the career of the great proselytizer, as circumstances which ren dered the subject he had chosen one calculated to convey lessons of instructions. Commencing with the birth and early orphanhood oi the Prophet of Ishunism, His Lordship alluded to big residence at the Kaaba at Mecca, his association with Scrjrius, from whom he received information respecting the Scriptures, and various other matters, as circum stances which induced bis aversion to idolatry, and gave a tone to his after life. Hastily passing, over the period of his youth and early manhood, during which his unflinching integrity secured for him the title ef The Faithful, the lecturer dwelt upoi his auspicious marriage with Cadijah, the devoted partner of his jeys and afflictions and the par ticipator in his schemes. Next he alluded to the religious reveries in which Mahomet was wont to indulge, culminating in hiB converse with the angel Gabriel, from whom he received the call which inspired him to attempt to revolutionize the world. At first the progress he made in promulgating his doctrines was slow, and during the lifetime of Cadijah he was con tent for the most part to confine himself to persuasion. In 622 occurred his memorable flight from Mecca to Medina; and it was in the latter place that he unfurled his banner as a warrior, and admitted into his system of teaching the powerful argument of the sword. Submission or extermination was the principle which was to actuite his followers in dealing with unbelievers, and all thoughts of fear were eradicated from the minds of his soldiery. Having rapidly glanced at the varying fortunes which attended the progress of the Reformer, the lecturer passed on to speak of the deteriorating traits in his character which became developed after the decease tf his first wife, tie referred to his entry into Mecca in a.d. 629;' to the subse quent dissemination of his creed throughout Arabia; to his conquest of the large territory extending northward from the Euphrates; to his triumphal entry into Medina, the city of the Kaaba; to his decline in '.physical vigour, to the magnanimous acts which immediately preceded his decease, namely, the emancipation of his slaves and the distribution ef his money among them; and to hit death on Juno 7, 632, which was superinduced by poison administered to him some considerable time before, and to the enervation of unbridled passion. In summing up his character, His Lordship touched upon his ctosb polygamy, his unjustifiable cruelty to the Jews who had re pudiated his claims to the Messiahship, to the worldly ambition which mingled with his religious zeal, and to the piide and perfidy which cha racterized his conduct on many occasions. At first the sacrifices to which he submitted suffi ciently attested his sincerity in disseminating the principles of Monotheism, but his subsequent behaviour showed that he admitted self-interest to assist in ruling his actions. After a brief reference to the Koran, the lecturer concluded by comparing in eloquent terms the teachings of Islomism with those of Judaism and Christianity. He urged that, with respect to tho former, it was a retroKrade step, while it failed entirely to inculcate those principles of purity of heart and life— that cleansing of flesh and spirit which marked the latter. A vote of thanks to the lecturer was, on the motion of Mr. A. Stow, M.P., the Chairman, carried by acclamation, and the proceedings closed. Entertainmkht iir the Assembly Rooms.— The programme for Friday evening contained selections from Mozart, Bellini, Verdi, and De Beriot, songs by Mesdames Wishart and Wallace, and Miss Bastard, and a humorous dramatic sketch, in which Mrs. Ray, Mr. H. J. Hall, and Mr. Ray appeared. This ought in all reason to satisfy the most diverse and exacting tastes, and yet a com paratively poor attendance was the reward of a judiciously arranged and an excellently performed entertainment. Every one expects to hear correct and brilliant execution by Mr. Iinly Norman and Mr. R. B. White, but few were prepared for the precision and power with which the opening overture was rendered by these gentle men, assisted by Messrs. Heydecke and R. White. The violin solo, 'Varie,' by Mr. R. B. White, was an exquisite treat, and elicited loud and pro longed applause, as also did Mr. L. Norman's solo on the grand piano, ' Home, Sweet Home.' Mrs. Wallace sang ' Oh, Steer my Bark to Erin's Isle' with clearness, good taste, and feeling, that deservedly elicited demonstrations of approval. Mrs. Wishart's song, 'The Last Rose of Summer,' was also greatly admired. The first part of the concert concluded with a beautifully-arranged trio for three violins by Messrs. R. B. White, Heydecke, and R. White. The instrumental pieces in the second part were very successful, especially a clarionet solo from Verdi's ' Rigoletta' by Herr Heydecke, and a duet (violin and piano), from 'H Puritani,' by Messrs. R. B. White and L. Norman. Miss Bastard sung, by desire, 'Tell me, Mary, how to woo thee,' very sweetly and effectively, and in addition to the song, 'Mary of Argyle,' in the programme, Mrs. Wishart gave Lover's comic Irish ballad, 'Barney O'Hea,' with a sly demureness that was most amusing. The histrionic sketch was a clever adaptation for the occasion of the farce of 'The Silent Woman,' and it went off with great spirit. The performance this evening is for the benefit of the Albert Bells Fund, and to it, we perceive, the weekly tickets will be available. Yodaxamotasa Company.— Captain Anthony reports the past month's workings at Blinman to have been driving the 20-fathom level north and south, sinking the winze at bottom of Big Bunch, dressing and bagging ore, and preparing alvons for the furnaces. Ho reports that the smelting operations are being proceeded with very satisfac. torily, and that iduring the past three weeks 10} tons of copper of 95 per cent, have been returned from low ores. He writes that everything is in good working trim, and that the mine never looked better, and is confident of a very successful future if measures can be adopted to ensure certain and continuous means of transit for the produce. The Yudanamutana Mine is making slow returns in consequence of difficulty in obtaining teams; a large quantity of first class ore is ready bagged, waiting for drays. The number of men on the mines is still being further reduced, and it it feared that, although these properties arc now in a position to rive full employment to at least 500 men, and materially to increase the exports of the colony, the difficulties of getting up stores and bringing down the pro duce will necessitate the operations being confined almost exclusively to the smelting works for some time to come. The Brejjer Mine.— The following abstract of Captain Prisk's report on the Bretner Mine, dated 22nd November, 1804, has been forwarded to ua for publication :— 'I beg to hand report of the progress made at this mine during the past month. We are driving a cross-cut at the 63-fathom level to cut the lode, which we hope to complete some time in the present month. In this level we hope to cut a good lode, which, from appearances in the levels above, may reasonably be expected. We have not been driving in the 53 south of the engine-shaft during the month, owing to the end being hard from; the back downwards, but are stoping about six feet above. The lode is from 10 to 12 feet wtf e. and will yield from five to six tons of ore to the fathom. The winze in the bottom of the 43 south of engine-shaft ia in a lode of great width, and good ore. As it has only one wall, I cannot state the quantity it will yield. Tbe stopes, with the exception of what is token away, are looking as well as ever. We have been stoping downwards in Boundy's Loda. The shoot of ore appears to be short, and we intend to carry it all with us as we sink down till it lengthens. The quantity of ore raised and dressed during the month is about 250 tons. Labour being scarce has prevented a larger return beins jnade. Quantity of regulus returned. 80 tons. The dressing and machinery is working satisfactorily.' Spargo v. District Council of Willuxga. —A public meeting, attended by about 30 persons, was held at the Aldinga Hotel. Aldinga, on Thurs day, November 24, to consider the advisability of supporting the resolution passed at a late meeting held at Willunga respecting the decision of the Court in the case of Spargo v. District Council of Willunga. Mr. H. J. Pavy, Chairman of the Aldinga District Council, presided. The meeting was' addressed by Messrs. D. Stewart, Martin (Chairman of Willunga District Council), Pointon, PengUley, J. Atkinson, and S. Bastian, Two re solutions were adopted, one to the effect that the decision in the Willunga Local Court was unjust, contrary to the weight of evidence, and opposed to the free working of the District Councils Act, and that the Stipendiary Magistrate hod thereby forfeited the confidence of the inhabitants of the districts under the jurisdiction of the Willunga Local Court. Another resolution was also passed, pledging themselves to support a memorial to the Government embodying the former resolution arid praying them to redress their grievances and take such steps as they deem necessary to remove them. ErvEJtTOK.— We are indebted to a correspondent for, the following:— 'The Bible Christians held their first Sunday-school anni versary services at Riverton on Sunday and Tuesday, the 20th and 22nd inst. Three im pressive sermons were preached on the Sunday to large and attentive congregations by the Rev. 8. Keen, minister of the circuit. The children also recited a few select pieces in a creditable manner. On the Tuesday the children were regaled with plenty of tea, cake, and lollies, and at 5 o'clock about 100 persons sat down to a public tea. The' provisions were abundant, and were provided by the ladies of the congrefrotion. In the evening a public meeting was held, and the chapel was well filled. Mr. Peter McMartin presided, and commenced the proceedings with a short and appropriate address. The Chairman then called on the Secretary to read the report, which showed the 3chool to be in a promising condition. Some excellent addresses upon the bubject of Sunday schools were civen in the coarse of the evening by the Revs. 8. Keen, S. Raymond, and B. Wilcox, and by Messrs. Barhden, sen., Taylor, andGurner, inn. The' proceeds of the services amounted to about j£9iOs. The meeting was closed by tbe usual votes of thanks,' A' ? ? ? '-??'?' ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 