A. THREE YEASg' LESSON. THB third PaUiampntojf: •Victoria is,''at length, dissolved, and it rests jrith us snmmarily -to review the prominent Incidents o^ ite career The Heales' Ministry Jfete iil office when its first sitting commenced^and they rejoiced in a small working majotitysJsecored-mainly by .•the -jireneral f,«c^pt^oe^i«rithlc,which-t^ scheme of occdpation licenses bad been received throughout the country constituencies while'their supposed inclination towards what was called a " protective" policy, commended them to some- of the constituencies in add about - the metropolis. Their party was, -in fact, com posed of Land Reformers and Protectionists, and 'while the elections were in progress, nay even up to the time of opening ^parliaments it was very doubtful whether their adherents would be more numerous than their opponents. JBut very: soon it became apparent that influences adverse "to them were beginning to thin their ranks, and subsequent disclosures have rendered it undeniable that an association, with .funds, and other forms of substantial consideration. at command, was covertly but certainly alluring popular members, so-called, from their allegiance to the men whom they had> pledged themselves on the hustings <6 support. Various pretexts tvere offered <by the renegades in exSu>e, and. vindication of their defection. 'The'lack ot definite Protection principles in J^r Yerdon's Budget was one of the-earliest objections raised by the first deserters 5 but soon other' faults in^he- Ministry of the -da^ were -de; tecred, and gradually the working majority' dwindled down to less than nothing, aud the " People's Ministry," as Mr Heales and his colleagues at one time were termed, were left with" but a tail of their once numerous follow 1 ing. That was the period.of. temarkable and sudden changes in individual opinions, and of frequent transitions from-the Spfe&ker;'s right to the Speaker's left. . How it was that so many hon. gentlemen so speedily ^forget their Electioneering promises and professions was a mystery out of doors, aud the. public, clinging firmly to its belief in the honour and incorruptible -fidelity of its representatives to what tbey had but recently paraded as their " principles,"refused to credit tlie rumfrurs of bar gain and sale which were daily, becoming more rife. That there were "colourable " grounds for EUfpecting' thai ..strong allurements bad operated upon some who., would rather improve their icircumstatices' than preserve a good reputation, no one will at this late day, we fancy, take .upon them to deny. It is at stay rate now a matter of history, . that by some means or other a body of. men who had entered the House solemnly . committed to support such a construction of the then existing Land Law as would restrict monopoly and favor settlement, in a few; short weeks had completely changed, their views., Licensed occupation of Grown Lands permitted on equally easy terms to all descriptions of occupiers impartially, appeared , at first to be a very simple and a very equitable solution of the great difficulty, Why not, it was reasonably argued, permit an agricultural tenure, or a jointly agricultural and. grazing or pastural tenure to be enjoyed by those who wished it, on terms of license' or lease like to those with which our 'great .run-owners. are .indulged ? Why not indeed ? -^The question was scarcely propounded in this definite- and intelligible form, but it was clearly implied in thie whole. controversy on the Occupation License system. In that system a stiund and righteous principle was recognised, though its promoters themselves, sail purblind to the whole truth, only very partially appreciated it 'These opponents : were keen-sighted enough to see bow it would operate, and'tbey promptly resolved that it. would not be" to their interest to permit this to acquire introduction aud -igeueral establishment. The insertion of the small end of the wedge, though, it was .very doubtful whether those who had. got' it in would have courage and persistency enough-to dnve.it home, was sufficient to putthe proprietors of th^ consolidated interest" in the Victorian' People's Freehold upop their guard. " Like sagacious men : ofc business, and men of such thoroughly practical. views, that they accounted any nice distinctions of-right And wrong as but -small dost in-tbe balance, when bro(ught to .^counterpoise: the preponderance <)f " vested interests." It jsoifld not do at .any 'price allow, a farmer, a grower .of Iread stuffa and i^reals, a producer of bntter and jnilk, .a. h'pj-J <>»•>»'>-•«''-- — UJ —— any such nndesirable farmers or what the Hon. W.O.'Huineshasrecently«iilled : the"pauper agriculturist," orjeoman, to come inasan'interloper aiid claim a prmlege, whicb it is the peculiar, right of the paEtqral tenant tolenjoy, namelyj—that of itnijning,.God's earth ;to a good wholesome use in consideration of a moderate and just fee, or annual rental paid into the public >evepue..L. " ' j Thib, as we- take it,'was the gist of- the qneetion, at issue, between those who organized the Victorian Association, numbering it may be twelve hundred'or thereabouts,, and the: remaining h^lf liiillio'n, whb'are seeking instenance on" this conptry's. soil. It was the bid, old; world-question between"' thoBe 1 Who have more than tUeir due, and those who have less ! / rVested intertiste, insisting upon being jfiSpfecfed, and having much, contending that they wefe entitled to fcoje—^nay. absolutely to all! On the other, iand, Email, incipient^ tentative, and precarious interests. venturing Ao 'put ina claim, if ouly;to l>e allowed space to ireathe; and live and jnovevin 1- Kowft is ,fclear f -that £uch 1 w issue mb fiiot' to .be decided lent and lucky parties in possession sufyiruig , . -!01i 1 •" 1 a recovery to their own dispossession'! Nay! •was not actual penury a virtual right ? and had not long-continued sufferance caistituted them the legitimate proprietors ? Besides, is jnot "ready money" a;:.potent ^.persuasive,?, 4in.d whj shbtdd :thou'^adkrbe-3a|i--" iciously expended to - wgrA ...off- ^n^ipyasion which jnightVend in the loss to them, oftas any millions f,! It requires no extraordinary shrewdness to feee the -^^ Out W-iucli^a^ire-' dic^ent: "The" que6ti6n mueYte decided the^hape of a Land Bill in a certain Astern-, bly . AVhat are tlie componen^yof tliat "Assembly ? All that'e wanted is v amajnrity. Can that'be secured by purohase, cujolery, .intimidation, ~=or» liberal -^tomiseS -of eood things ^ to .-come ?• We ;bave learnied, .within the last three years that a social a^idjiiomuiercial~ problem "of this,;.<iharacter, aod~ ander these tionditions, can ^be solved tnoet profitably to one party, b'nt bow^ruinously tjo the-other remains to be seen". '" r ! V' Iu the list of new ihsolvetits we find the following.—William Biddlestiine, Porcupine road, near Maldon,' miner. Causes of Insolvency— losses in mining speculations, pressure of: creditors \- , and eickneKS of wife and family. Debts, .£137 10s; assets,-£6;' deficiency, il3110s. Mr J. Moore, official assignee. • • - ' At half-past -4. o'clock on Suuday monung Thos. Phillips, who told tlie following enrious tale. He had been having a glass or «two at the Brighton Hotel,' and at half-past 11 o'clock had left for home. "His tent is usually fcstened by a bnttdiL On amvihg home the tent was unfastened,^.iid as be passed the threshold be saw a figure bavin? this Bemblance of a human being enveloped in a large sheet, which started up andextended its amis. Phillips, rushed back with affright, and with visions of supernatural agency fitting o'er his brain, turned to run, the figure following him rapidly. In his fright Phillips yet -had courage enongh to halt and seize au axe which lay. adjacent to. the tent fie then adjured the apparition, commanding it to speak and receiving no answer hurled the axe at it and turned-and fled.. In reply to th'e Sergeant, Phillips said he thought the figure was struck by the axe and fell. Mr Grier fancied, from the trembling and «onfni>ion of-the man, that he really bad . committed . murder or man slaughter, and h»d.forged this tale when remorse pr fear prompted him to^iye himself -up. ' Iu reply to the Sergeant «s to the time that had elapsed since'the act,'Phillips said lie jiad wandered distractedly about,, ^bd.iiad, vainly, for some time endeavored to find the Camp. It transpired afterwards that he had paid a nocturnal visit to J. Warnock, J. P. " arid to Mr Ellis, of the K angaroo Hotel in his search for ,the police.. Constables Ward and Byrne, and Phillips" proceeded to the tent: of the latter. The axe was fouud in a different position to that described by Phillips,- but it was also discovered tbat a pair of white blankets had been stolen from- the tent. . .The obvious inference is that at) ingenious thief was visiting the tent of Philb'pB and successfully adopted the ghcistly device to scare Ilis victim, the *'. white 6heet" being, undoubtedly, one of the pnrloined blankets, and the wits of Pliillij® being perhaps somewhat obfuscated ly his previous potations, tended to aidliie. well-thoughtof d<cepti<m by the rascal. . who <3..ulrtless chuckies.hugely at the terror occasioned by his roguery. Th'e Ch'urclf of England Schools in Maldon are now'placed upon a most satisfactory footing, the able master, Mr W. Johnson, having his onerous duties lightened by the appointment of Mr iMnlholIand as an assistant, knd the accomplished mistress, Mrs Bailey, has also had .something 'taken off he'r hands, by the appointment of Miss Calder as teacher of the infants. ISoiiud busiaessj or professional educations, are given at these schools, at an almost nominal price, arnd w;e hope that the Committee wiliibe* ably seconded "by the public, parents and guardians particularly. VI e regret to say that the ratepayers of Maldon appear to be most apathetical iu the matter of electing members to serve for the division of Maldon in the Shire Council. It may be that some eligible 'candidates 'are-keeping^" dark," and will be npmiuated'tp-iuorrow ; 4>dt,yve fear such is nut the case. To-morrow is the last day for "We : reception of nominations, and surely we are not compelled to appeal ad iruserecordiam to the good sense of the public to,be up and doing. The importance ol' their action cannot require further comment'than has'already appeared in this journal "However, the rates will liave to be paid iu any case, and if those who pay, and thus bring iit'large amounts «f Government^aid into the district, do not choose to have any voice" 'in' .the ; expenditure of -the same, they must please themselves,- and we shall 'trust to^the-hbheSt sense of "fair play held by 'the representatives of the Baringhup Division, ^ho will in the absence of Maldon candidates have the /entire, control of the whole of the funds. This .will ^lotbea proper position, and will not speak well~for the working of Kb ire 'Councilsj biit we ehall^accept tbe position, and., hope and expect to-sce a salutary lesson taught by the present' Membas of the CounciL Jffie- ^rillhope to see good men come forxvard, but the rumors of certain senseless combinations of whi cli 5 we shall,not liere more especially allude t o . " ' ' ' " Mr Mackenzie, P.H.j has brought back many pleasant Jitfle memorials of his.recent visit to' Jndia,-. in :the shape of elegant nic-ics and. articles of'Tndian •workmanship, andjalso tjie memoiy.of a' lnimnous smoking char, which, weimagine,.may become the-rage- in Maldon, as Mr Waeke, the'jdiner.'hS made under Mc Mackenzie'a{directian: wonderfnj tive of «ase "and fenj oyment, wh'etheijtinder verandah dating 'Uie . sumniir, or hy the fire during, the . winter months, In the Warden's ; Court,' yestetiay, Mr P .visit a claunif atfier of the jiarties concernkl in^ie case wished Ht, stated that be cisuld "dilyivisit the claim, and thkn adjourn the .heiing <£ $he #vjdenii :ba(i:to tiie Goiut. Boase, iimebj putting the men iuterestt-d to to. deal -c&sary; itroiilile" and Ibks'rif feme, but Jf sides agreed to waive theiVisit,- tbey Bsu\\\not •afterwards make tlie-factjof the visit not Ung made a groupd fOt'.e,pf«ai- . Both ^ides seuiiy ! agreed not to desire the visit The action taken by the Warden was necessary, or as he said, the'grounds of appeal might be the fact that the whole of the bye-law had not been carried/tfut, .but a case -'of mutual agEeejnent,, - W.-in'^t o|j»6tij£fides' agreeing" to tafce the fleiisionl of-"ine ^cinoraa' J.P.,^ :where; two BBhouldii^w decide, the. case; ^rould be .of Sji v^iie and effect! : ;" v -'.."'" \- A "queer, and somewhat serious case of fistapoisouiug, occurred on Saturday night. The servant-maid at the Cricketers' Arms, was in the.'night^seized with strong convnlsiiiM and symptoms* of poisoning. Mir Webster was called in;and at Once prbnouiiced tha case ti> "be ^uei)^rfish^i^iiirig,'fcut ; both Mrs and Mr ifetlitt were strongly of opinion that -such could not "be the case, as they^had .had no fish iu the houfie fiar some day& " While Nlr Webster was absent for- reine<fie8, however, it was discovered that the girl, with .a friend, had, on the evening previous^ partaken of a crayfish. What ^portion of this fish is puisouous we are unacquainted with, but this should render people cautious. The girl was in great agony for a long time, and ianow aftertheoperatiouofpowerful remedies, in a ^ery weak state. . . . • A ^very'iiarrow escape 1 from a fatal accident occurred in the - Welsh -claim, Nuggetty reef, last week. The'whim Jiorse.bolted while draw- , jug -np the heivyjbudtttfull of quartz, ant smashed the gear forWxnding the bucket, afed its contents fell iwith a Vaash down the shaft. The man below had barely time to reACh the drive when'the bucket reached the bottom and just grazed his body as he gaiued protection. A jumping case involving important interests came off yesterday before the Warden, and the "particulars will be found in another column. The decision has given very great satis£iction to tbe^majority of the mining community, who are folly alive .to -the importance of discouraging "jumping," excepting in veiy clear cases of wilful- evasion of the mining laws. The only busiuess at the Police Court dnring the past'week has been the granting of Beer 'ticens-s to the following:—Hugh Brown, Porcupine FlatThomas Nevill, Sandy Creek; Giovanni: .Pietro'.-Toniiii, Parkins'Reef! Road ; Elizabeth Tovey, Eaglehawk; Richard Atkinson, Tiukettle Gully ; .Bridget Butler, Eaglehawk ; John J'o'ung, Parkins' Road. A mau named Yates was arrested on Satur lay 011 a warrant obtaiued by his brother, charging himwith tearing out leaves of au account book, and with assault. He has been admitted to baiL .' It is announced by advertisement in another column,- that,.Mr. Kainsay, M.P., will hold a public • meeting at the Kangaroo Hotel, this evening,-for the purpose of explaining tlie objects and intentions iif the projectors of the New Zealand Rivers Gild Mining Company, and the nature of the' means proposed" to be used iu their enterprise. Judging from the report of a siiniUr meeting at Daylesford,,which appears in the ilerctuy , MrRamsayV address will be of-a highly interesting and instinctive character, even apart from the matter respecting the -Company. • A letter from " One of the Five " will appear in our next. 