: TEN. ?E OURS. ,b the .ditor. of the Launcecton Examiner. S:in I perceivemin unifortunato letters have woke-, p: another opponent, under thi style :and'title'lof ?oa !"Genuine Operative," .whose commdnication appears in your issue of 10th inst. Likoe tho ghoste in Mnoboth "still they come. I have got myself into a pretty considerable fix, and Imasy say with, the woman. who visited iher son about to ho hanged for forgery -Abh I this is what comes o' larding "to write." ' Genuino Operative" has not succeeded in frightoping me,. as his, letter is 0 groeat matter, and directly the re verseoof multum in parvo. " - have hitherto" strictly avoided personalities, eand. ye? " Genuin Operativoe" modestly, asks oe a few questions which ore. directly personal, and eXJ pscts mo. to answer them; solens v?le;s. However, "taoint heart never oson a fair lady.'" I shall not ocoupy your. space with'long qun tations. He asks twb or thriediq?atio'n, whicn; as .a ' matter,, a cyortesy, i will answer, -l- st, ' Has! "Observer' enot do1 i more towards mental impeovemont ' (save' the mark)'since ho 'edesed "worki 10 liours a dsy ihhin ho did whilstNerforiling' jiourney work ?" I anser; certainly not: had my op ponent any gosino sniue he eoild hardly have; asked thlu i'etiodn ''thiero are very foewthings indeed?improyo wth old ago;g exept winpe and Ic nlyknows that byreoPte; as very;Jittle.over came to my:shprbp;gohuinoewine, like'gbnuiiml operatives, many''rhaps' be 'coifbed 'to the oxclusivoe ue of. the upp'i 'toii 'thousand. 2ndly, "A Doi ino Operativo",doubts who. ther I ever performed any physical labor; but if I. have, ITiinst have feltthe desirability of a:redutionin:tbehorsbor ofi labor, or Lmuit be an extikordinary man indeed. Totrthis.] reply I labred in Launceston from 1835 to '2-, durig thosoeyears redunog the hours of labor;wsa unthought.of, at least the ,subjbcý was never broached in my hearing .constant employment and the best wages ,were' objqets. of paramount importance'to?ns:' Taking what I haive said" for' 'unted'dI think" " Gdeninoe Oersativo" wil aYlow I bsavo. a righ td1givd n opjnin.on p,tho subject of labor. Withoit' being anything extraordinary, (I ainmfreo to edesi'liadulheif 8i hoanrmoveimenit ben brought foreyard during the years above meni: .tioned, I sbouldi no doubt: have availed myself of itseadvantages as well as others ; butit is, nscleis speiulatiig on 'a thing 'of the '"pas, nor 'hle I ever 'p?.sitively 'deniedtlihe right; at its injuidiciouneas at the;present timse f -late years, most of my-time- has been: spent in the djoling colonies, and there cx pefioncos hi tiught mo the bpsi ive necessity, during the threo.summer mopths of shbrteded hours ',., ofo 1 hlabor,,:: , but , it .,": i 'gdnerally'admitted"the 'necessity dbos not exist here. . 3rd. " ." Genuino Operativeo" ~sks how it is the skilled mechanid does not remain in Tasmania, that there must be.some' thing. wroong,, d&., &c.; To this I an- siter simply--Want of employment. Find labor, and, my "dukedom.to aimaravedi," ''asmnaia. willnot want moechanics, and I will venture to say they' would willingly work 10` hounr here in preferene to eight in either Melboutrno Sydney,.orr Brisbano, at equai wages.'. As to the unmber of good mechanics in Launceston, I don't protend to judge,h bit if there are but ten now,' I?-cilculato there owill to no less" should "'rt Geniuiao Operative " take ,hi departnr, theo lose will be eOvere no do but notitbsolutely ireparabloe. With reo t9 the consis?onueoor othorwiso of the Leo imoohanios, I haved alriidy given my opini and am not likely to alter it; neither ha any personal or sinister objects in vi respecting the railway. "lioni soit ui y pense," if it wore commenced to-morro might not live to see it completed, but family, young and old,blaok, white, and gr number upwards ofo twenty'souls; for th -sake as woll as the youth generally, I she like to soolTaisinianiiakeop pace with thoe rounding colonies. You see, sir, i gradually bfeating the object I had in view that of drawing out the Launceston mechani It is trueoo that -" like an ould stocking, th, require a dale of conain';" but it will be so in th -end, they are not such fools as thl look; and that is a great compliment, or I a a Dutchman. At the same time I hlavo wvish to run-a-muck with the whole pose cpmilatlcea of,. tbo operatives of Launceston I therefore beog respectfully to lift my. chpea Iras, a 'la Garibaldi;, and bid '" Genui Operative" thu' timie o'day. I have happil gql htimi as far as the rudiments, and in thi scrawl, have .tried ,their, sailingi qualities o anothor tal; I. intnd this latter to hbewha lairryanlt clls "oila posonda," or a dish o ealma gundieo thb in edioits of which are osnbtol-?E,?glish, comical,Irishi bog Latin, anid bastard roenclh. , ,A LoniinI Operativo" complains that my. last was long and sambling. I thinkc he will admit 'this ono'e i hort and swdet like a' doinky's gallop. I hope he will give me credit for trying to study: his taste, and then, sir, my modesty should also beo taken iuto acount. I don't consider my writings quite equal to Sir Isaac Newton's on astronomy;, Juins on politics, o' Satire to Byrn, (sea6 English Bards and Scotch Reviowers), .but stilljpasoablo for arold jack. plane. . I"':'. am,si': s , Yoeur beidaidnt soriiiait, SLannceston, July,23 1804. r.0' .' P.S.-Allow me to apologise'to the' con. positor fo'r thisoediabolical hieroglyphics, as I am afraid ho. will rhave some ,t ?ble in dooyphering .my.cabaliatio2pot-hooks.. I ~ --.-,- 