C|t (Bm fix t. I SYDNEY, MONDAY, AUGUST 1, 1564. THE fire' 'letton,'! of "Oiéy'JÁiüuntMé'.J. F. B ARGUA VE on ?«? University. Education,'' which, appeared in this paper, on the 20th and 26th July, 8nd three following days, contain suggestions worthy of rt»ore than casual consi- deration. Having enjoyed the advantages of University education in one of the anoient seats of learning in England, having made a good use of those advantages, and being consequently imbued with strong assooiationii in, favour of the particular studies which, have for ages been the chief objects. of pursuit in those insti- tutions, Mr. BARGBAVE comes forward with arguments for the necessity of ref:rm, malting a virtual protest'against the exclusiveness of the present system, and the want bf adaptation io tho University of Sydney to the requirements of the colony. The .""five foundations," or prin- ciples, on which, aocording to Mr. HARGRAVE, a colonial University, or any University adapted to the present age, should be modelled, must commend themselves to every one who wishes, to see this colony supplied with tho means of training young , men to the highest men- tal attainment, and also of diffusing through every branch of colonial . en- terprise the benefits resulting from a compre hensive nnd accurate knowledge of the sciences. Those " five foundations" ate- first to give such . course of education as is fitted to make sound classical scholars and first-rate mathematicians ; second, to provide the widest possible .range ol general instruction, so as to attract to the various branches many of the youog men of the colony ; third, to teach the philosophy of the learned pro- fessions, the technical details of whioh may after- wards be acquired more conveniently elsewhere ; fourth, to give instruction in special topics adapted to the promotion of colonial interests; arid fifth, to secure the earnest and -sincere co-operation of all who are engaged in the great work oí education. These are ends j worthy of a great public institution, and A Uni- versity that is not managed with a wise adapta- tion to such iTnds as these will not securo the respect and confidence of the people. Agreeing with Mr. HABOKAVB at to the value of these several objects, we think the fourth should be regardod as deserving of attention in the first place. Keeping in view the desirableness of having a University, in the true sense of the word, in full operation among us, we should say, that as long as the resources of the colony are too limited to allow of the establishment of every branch of instruc- tion really essential to a University, those branches of knowledge which are most noarly connected with the promotion of the interests of the community, shonld first receive attention. If, in tho infant state of the colony, we must be dependent on the educational institutions of the mother country, either for tho impartation of the highest classical culture to the minds of,a soled few of our youth, or for tho acquirement of a competent knowledge of those branches of science which have a special bearing on the advancement of our prosperity and power as a people, by all means let us have at ^ hand the opportunity of attaining a comprehen sive understanding of the sciences that most concern us in tbe present state of the colony. Io avowing this preference, we do not forget that through the diligent pursuit of classical and mathematical studies many of the most distin. guished pioneers in science, the noblest madeja of eloquence, the best leaders of the people in the path of honour and prosperity, have developed the powers whioh they turned to such good account. And as branches of that universal knowledge of which a University worthy of the* name is a centre and a foun. tain, the abstract sciences of number, space, and relation, the choicest productions of the men of ancient days, the analysis ot dead languages, and the lineage of modern tongues, must have a place. As soon as possible let a young and rising community secure for itself a complete circle of learning and science. But while the scope of our highest educational institution ¡B straitened by necessity, as long as we must exclude some branches essential to a true University, let us rather exclude: any other than those which are most nearly concerned in the prc motion of ocr- social well- being. It is a very injurious policy to exclude branches of instruction which would perpetually remind the student of the responsibilities imposed upon him by the opening opportunities of his career to do good to hi3 country and to'his generation ; and to limit his attention to studies which, in faot, but supply him with a luxury-a refining and ennobling luxury it may be, but still a luxury too often enjoyed in selfish isolation from the real battle ot truth, and toil against the ills that darken and afflict human life. To neglect the soiences that are connected with utility and progress, _ in favour of classical studies, is to go back from BACON to PLATO. PLATO loved science because it raised the mind above the material universe, not as teaching man his right place in ir, and as enabling him to alleviate suffering and multiply the' sum of human ' happiness. SENECA'S opinion Vas that " it. is not the office of philo- sophy to teach men how to use their hands ; the object of her lessor s is to form the soul : she is not, I say, the inventor of machines for neces- sary uses." On which Lord MACAULAY remarks that the spirit of this passage of S'EKECA " tainted the whole body of the anoient philo-, sophy, from the time of SOCRATES downwards,' and took possession of intellects with, which that of SENECA cannot for . a moment be éojaa. pared. It pervades the dialogues of PLATO." And wherever in the nineteenth century the practical inductive philosophy is depreciated or neglected, the most exemplary devotion: to tho study of the classics must tend to foster that re- fined selfishness which loves> literature asa luxurious refuge from vulgar cares and common, place duties. À mind braced up to habits of practical invention and strenuous aotion may derive refreshment and lasting benefit from an occasional communion with the spirits of PLATO and He RACE. But let us first secure the cjulture of that true inductive philosophy which enables the attentive student to understand the relations of man to the universe of matter, and to his fellow ? creatures, and sends him forth armed with such know- ledge, to overcome the forces 'that check the progress and multiply the sufferings of humanity. Mr. HARGRAVE recommends mineralogy and geology to.be studied, according to the example of SEDGWICK'S Field. Lectures, under the guid ance of an able instructor, amid the rocks and', chasmB where the strata are displayed; also; jurisprudence and agriculture, as specially fitted to., meet the requirements of the stage of pro- gress at whioh New South Wales has now ari i ved. And it must ba e^iient to every one who .has. considered the social and material interests of the colony; that these three branches of knowledge are specially needed, and ought to receive special attention in a University de- signed to benefit this community. Botany and Zoology might also be cultivated with great: advantage, especially aa qualifying Australian' youth to take part in furnishing the Encyclo- paedia of the world with the desired information concerning their own island-continent. Having first secured the cultivation of those branches of University education which are most adapted to the advancement of the colony, it would be desirable to include as wide a range as possible, to enlarge tho sphere of thought, and thus multiply the sources of pure enjoyment. In such a range of studies those classical and mathematical pursuits, which have so long formed the' staple of Oxford and Cambridge eduoation, must be included, that our students " may be able to hold their ground with men of other Universities," and may become acquainted with those forms of ancient thought which will never lose their charm. The third foundation-the philosophy of the learned professions-is indispensable to the full operation of a University. Great is the differ- ence between two classes.of professional men those whose skill depends on their acquaintance with routine and their empirical knowledge, and those who in all the details of their techni- cal duties are consciously dealing with known and invariable laws of matter and mind, in the investigation of which they have consulted the experience of ages, and tested and confirmed the theories of science by their own observation. If we would have the rankB of the professions filled up by men of the latter CIBBP, and not be helplessly dependent, for the supply of suoh men upon other lands, we must have this third principle as one of the foundations of our University scheme. The' last . principle . recommended by Mr. HARGRAVE-the gathering of all our educational energies into, an " Austral Congress," or as near an approach to that combination of intel- lectual power for the advancement of the people, as oan be attained by tho parental or fraternal récognition pf all such energies- approves itself ts those who have in view the design avowed in the Act on whioh the University is founded, " tho promotion of useful knowledge among all classes and denominations of her MAJESTY'S sub- jects resident in the colony of New South Wales." By middle class examinations, by con- ferring the degree of "Associate" on those who without attaining the higher degrees prove them- selves worthy of some place in the ranks of learning, by recognising the degrees obtained by colonists in other Universitär, and by giving tho influence of its approbation to all who are worthily discharging tho noble function of the schoolmaster, our University might greatly extend its usefulness. CENTRAL CMMINAL Oe uar.-This Oooit opens to-daji for tba (rial ol tbe forgery' oates,'wblob ara likely to Issi dmiog Ibo entire werk. > MEinoroLiTAw .DI.IBIOI . Oouat.-The sittings for tbia monto oomraeoco .to- day.. Tao list ol undefended caaes «111 be prqaaedod «iib as far ai number 8404. WESLEYAN ANNUAL 'SOIBIB.-Tba programma of tbe YouDg H-t.'a Wesleyan Mutual ImproTsment Society's artouol «sir«« tose held - io tbe Centenary Ohaptl, York, street, to-morrow anning, baa boen ilford. The pre si. dani's iddreB?,and the annual report ari to bs followed by eborsli, rteltatlooi, erny*, anthems, and spst ebetv It promises to be . very grand affair, TUB NEW COMMISSICH OF IBB 7EAD«,-Wa ara lo. formed Ibnt Iba doveromept, claimed «t (ba pnb)|p indignation wulob bai' beer» aroused at tbilr.eppdact, have determined jp endeavour to. retrocó their stepr, They wi!', lt J» eaU, issue . supplementary commission ina fe« dey» containing tba names of mool of tbe gentlemen who h »TO bren, removed. We abonld be acable to oredlt thii statement with reelect to any other sst ol men than the ¿resent Ministry, bat bearing in mind their conduot on several OOOÍBÍODB, and particularly in connection, with, tte half-dczin tariffs wbiob they brought forward and abandoned, one after the other, we ara prepared to believe anything, however ineredible, of anon peraonp. Besides, they know very well that nt thing they oan do oin sink them Into deeper disgrace than they ara at present, so tbat an; attcmp's they may make to flounder ont of their difflcaltiea osa do them no inj'ary. It is not at. all unlikely that tbiy will ulti- mately oip tba olimtx of tbe whole tffjir by restoring tba names of all tbe magistrates tbry have removed and ??spending all the newly appointed ones. We are ss'.iafled that of all the hundreds of late magistrates whose names bave been excluded (tom the nsw oom. mission; not a dozen oonld be foned mean enongb to aeoept a re- appointment from the present Govern- ment, < ATTEMPT TO ESCAPE FBOM COOEAXJO ISLAND.-On Friday last two prisoners on Cockatoo Island, named John Stater and Mackey, tba notorious robbers, made an attempt to esoape from the island. It appears that »bout balf-oast three o'cl o ok they were misted from the gang in wbiob they bad been working. On their absence being disoovered aearoh waa made for them, and it was Dot until eleven o'oiook that they wera foand, near tba edge ot tba water, oonoealed in the sewer wbiob rans into tba dry doak, John Foster, alias Peter Clarke, waa one of (be/our men who staofc ap »nd robbed the Bathurst mail on Lapstone Hill, near Penrith, about four month] einoe; there were three Chinamen, a Earcpean, and a lonatio woman on tbe eoaoh et the lime. He was (ried for tbs offence, and reoaived a Beetenoo of ten years bard labour on tbe roads, Maokay, when nader aoctenee of Bevin yeats in Carlia ghost gaol, WOB sent np to Berrima aB an invalid ; laving reooverdd, be waa lolutc iog under esooit to Sydney, wheo be jumped oat of the train at Haalem's Creak asd eaaaped, and it was not until after some considerable period that he waa oap tared, at dennie,'* Creek, near Singlct'n. In tho mean- time be bad added greatly to his galil by many daring tobborie?, for which he was tried at Marrarandi, and received a sentence cf twenty-two yearb' hard labour on tbe toa3B. THE FOES CHDHOH or ENOL\ND.-Yesterday evening the Kev, P. P. Agnew »gain presobed in tbe Temperance Hal'. The building wis, as on tbe previous Sabbath; erowded to eioesa. Tbe reverend gentlemen seleoted for his text the 1st verse of the 3rd chapter of the .HebrewE-. being a portion of the lessons for the doy. At .tho termination of the servioe a largo number of pcraonB otme forward, and entered their names in the book es joining the oongregUion. . A otao'r of ladies and gentle, men bas been organised,. led by Mr. Fredeiiok Ironside, the einging of Which proved.very affective. ACCIDENT- A labourer named Andrew Byrne, was injured, on Saturday night by the overturning of a cart on the Paddington-road. He was seated with another man in the cart when the wheel passed into a drain, the cart capsized, Byrne was thrown out on to the road, and received bruises on the arm, side, and hip. He was taken to the Infirmary. LICENSED VEHICLE*.-Many persona riding io oaba and 'busea »re not aware tbat aoaording to tbs Mnniolpai By-law», tho driver ia requited to look inBi-e to see if bia fare bis left »ny cloak, coat, or other «rilóle. Persons missing anything of tbis kind svoili Bpply to Iospeotor Orara, at the Muiioipsl Oonncir.obémbera, wbero all stray artiolea found in lloenaed vehicles are to be taken by tbe driver. ' A gold watob and obain was reocntly lott in one cab, and restorer*, and'a valuable poncho in another. Every traveller should «sb for tbe comber of tbe oak In which he ride?. Some young oebmen ere a little givoo to racing, and thus endanger the liven of their passengers ) bot it ii worthy Of note that bia Worship the Mayor ia now determined to enforce tbe by- law» relat- ing to drivera and oondtto'ora of Hoer a id vubfoles, by depriving them of their lleeoae on a ueoond oonviotion fir drunkenness or other offenes. NEW MUSIC.-We have received a copy of a new song, published by Messrs, Wilkie, Elvy, and Co., for the composer. The song is entitled "Only of thee, love" the words by Mr. F. S. Wilson, and the music by Mr. C. W. Harwood, R.A. It is a companion song to " Thinkest thou of me," well and favourably known in the colonies. Tha words of the new song are real poetry, and not, like the majority of love songs published now-a- days, a collection of soft nothings strung together in jingling rhyme. - Mr. Harwood's music will not perhaps enchant the ear so ravishingly as some of the gems of Wallace or Balfe ; but it is of a character that grows upon the taste, and the melody though not florid is well fitted to the words of the song. The harmony of the accompaniment is manifestly the work of a master of his profession. The modulations are somewhat eccentric but correct and graceful. The composition, which is in the key of G, takes the natural transition into D, and then into B minor, and from this into the major of five sharps. The music then gradually glides back into G through the various modulations, and the whole forms a composition that reminds one of some of the favourite but difficult songs of Mendelssohn. No doubt the song will become a great favourite, especially amongst educated musicians. AVIABT, BOTANIC CADDENS.-List of donationa and sddilionB to the pabilo aviary, Botanio Gardens, during the months of Jane and Joly :-Mr. Thomas Biso 1 bleak gail ; Mrs, M. Davis, Wollongong, 1 lyre bird, 1 wal- laby, and one native Inrkey ; the Bev. Mr. Moore, and Mrs. William Hay Bubertsoo,' 8 ta rtles ; Mr. G. J, Clarke, Penrith, 1 goat Booker; Mr, Parkes, Wynyard, square, 1 wallaby ; Captain Crook, 1 Oape pigeon ; Master Charlea Thompson, I native cat j Mr. Alexander Stuart, Millet's Point, 1 Californian - quail; Master Towns, I opoasum; Mr. Cuthbert, 1 bine-eyed cock- atoo ; Mr. Thom»» Gilobria*, 1 Cipe Birren goose ; Mr». Fisher, lgull; Mr. George Moore, Pilt-street, % wallabie»; Mr. J. B. Holdsworth, 1 common owl; Mr. Jet« YermeeBob, 3 peioefai doves, 1 chaffinch, 1 grey parrot, 1 blue-eyed oookatco, 1 lyra bird. A GOOD EXAMPLE.-We feel great pleasure in atating that a donation of £20 has been reo-ivtd from Captain j Cole towsids the fonda of the Albert Memorial Wolion. gong Hospital. Captain Cole WBB B resident in tbis dis. triet for a long period, but proceeded home to England some yeera ainoe, where be bea einoe resided. It ia rarely we have the pleasure pf ohronicling éventa wbiob prove tbat " absenoe has not totally obliterated from memory tbe days wbiob were spent in thia colony by those who have returned to tbtilr father land." On the oontr'ary, in too many instance», old colonials are in the habit ot forgetting the ooloDy altogether, or speaking of it with oontempt. Snob, dearly, however, is not tbs ease wiih Captain Cole, who, unsolicited, bas, by bis band, some donation,'shown that he iv still interested ia our distiiot and ita institutions.-Jit rcur y, DEATH BY DROWNING) -A correspondent informs us that an inquest was held at Seaham, before Mr Shaw, coroner, on Wednesday, the 27th instant, on tha body of Samuel Osborne, dealer, of Newcastle, who was drowned the previous day. It appeared in evidence that the de- ceased, whilst attempting to set the sprit, lost his balance and fell overboard. The body was picked up by consta- ble Collins, of the Raymond Terrace police, Verdict, accidentally drowned.-Maitland Mercury. DEATH IB x TETAROS.-Oa Wednesday a resident at Bulli, named Bobert Woodman, died of tétanos, occa- sioned by an accident which happened to him about a montb »go. Ic appears that a log rolled over and severely braised bim ; bat he took litilo notice of tho matter, and from wsnt ot medioil treatment, the injuries remited io tetanuB and deatb.-Il tawarra Mercury. SUDDEN DEATH or MHB. SntrsjN -Our readers will regret tolrarn tbst Mrs. Sitrp^oo, tho wife of the Ber. W. W. Simpson, of Dapto, died Baddcely on Thursday. Tbe lamented lady wa» In her usual health up to within a few hoars of her decease. Mach sympathy ia fill with the Bev. Mr. Simpson and his family for the lois they have euBtained.-Illawarra Mercury, liisT.inr.-In a letter from Madame Bistorl, given by the Journal dei D.batt, wo read :-' I still load a wander, lng life, wbiob does not always displease me. Wbile I am travelling I s udy and I eoarob, in tho hopea of find- ing a new part: Aloa I poets are rarities. Happily, I have found a new peet, called Ferrari, the worthy heir of Qoldoni, ? . who ha* mode for me expreaily a comedy in vene, in whioh ona is not always laughing, 'La Donna e loScetlioo' (TheLady and the Soeptl ) Tola time I play tba part of a mother; it IB tru y superb, and touches all the ohords of passion. I ats, playing it j tal now, not without a certain success, bat assuredly witta the utmost delight.'' Madame Histor! mentions, among otber p'an«, one of a visit lo Paris at no diatant period, lo order to play tbe port of the ^Inffyorif of Sopbooles, with the chou us of Men [ deliiohD, 