GENERAL NEWS. The Advertiser of this morning contains an exceed' ingly full report of the extraordinary proceedings in the Supreme Court last Friday on the motion for a rule to quash the writ of scire facias in the celebrated Moonta case. "We would gladly reproduce the report is the Express, but its extreme length would almost fill the paper. The proceedings were of unusual duration, seven of our leading counsel, besides three Judges, being engaged in the discussion all day long. Mr. W. B; Thomas has added another to the list of his water-color paintings. The subject chosen this time is the Beview on Her Majesty's birthday. The sketch was taken from the Montefiore Hill: and the picture (which has been photographed by Professor Hall), will be exhibited in Gl-reen's Exchange. This being the first day of term, the Supreme Court was open for the dispatch of business, but only their Honors the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice G-wynne were in attendance. The Chief Justice announced that the Court would have given judgment on the scire f 'acids case that morning had not His Honor Mr. Justice Boothby been absent through illness; but as it was expected he would be able to attend on Friday .next, the Court would give judgment on that day. Amongst the papers just laid before Parliament is the following, from the Duke of Newcastle, on the subject of troops for South Australia. -Addressing His Excellency, the Duke says—" I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your despatch Ho. 67, of the 26th October, from which it appears that while the colonists are cordially desirous of retaining a. small body of Her Majesty's troops, they are ready to submit with cheerfulness to their temporary with drawal for the protection of a neighboring colony. 11 have received with much pleasure this account of the state of feeling in South Australia. I do not abandon the hope that the state of Hew Zealand may render it soon possible to return the troops who have been dispatched thither; and, in the meantime, I do not think the risks suggested by Brigadier- General Chute, of foreign aggression or an extensive conflagration, are sufficiently imminent to warrant the present dis patch of another regiment from England to Aus tralia." We have been favored by the Postmaster-General with the following particulars of mails dispatched on the 27th May per contract packet:—London via Marseilles 4,boxes, 1,711 letters, 325 papers, 25 registered letters included. London via Southamp ton 51 boxes, 7,392 letters, 8,148 papers, 223 regis tered letters included. India, China, Cape of Good Hope, Mauritius, and Mediterranean Ports 38 boxes, 499 letters, 380 papers, 3 registered letters included. Western Australia 2 boxes, 200 letters, 149 papers, 2 registered letters included. The services in connection with the reopening of the ^Horth Adelaide Congregational Church were continued on Sunday, May 29. The Rev. J. Gardner, of Chalmers' Free Church, preached in the morning, and selected for his text the 31st verse of the 9 th chapter of Acts:-—"Then had the churches rest throughout all Judaea, and Galilee, and Samaria, and were edified j and walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multi plied." His chief thoughts were the state of the churches—" then had the churches restthe result of the state—they were edified and multiplied j and the connection between the state and the result. In closing his sermon he pointed out to the congregation how, by "walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy G-host," their church - might possess a spiritual beauty that would even enhance its material beauty. The Bev. J. Cope, of the North Adelaide Wesley an Chapel, officiated in the after* noon, the Bev. J. Jefferis conducting devotion. Mr. Cope chose as the basis of his discourse the words from, the 16th verse of the 1st chapter of Bomans "For Tarn not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ j for it is the power of God unto salvation to^ every one that believeth." In an eloquent and effective sermon he dwelt upon the baneful effects of sin, and the : transforming and sanctifying influences ofthe Gospel, concluding his remarks by appealing to the unre generate to listen to the offers of mercy as revealed to them in the Scriptures. In the evening the Bey. J. Jefferis, pastor of the church, conducted the service, and delivered a powerful discourse founded upon the 4th verse of the 1st chapter of Luke " That; thou mightest know the certainty of those things wherein thou hast been instructed.", He spoke upon the heads—the basis of Christian truth and the demands of the age upon the Christian teacher. In pointing out the duties of the latter he said there should be a stern repression of sub or dinatejtr uths—an intelligent exposition of the highest truths—and a calm and loving defence of saving truth. The congregations were very good, particularly in the evening, when at least 1,200 persons were present. Not only was every seat filled but all the available space was occu pied, including the aisles, &c.; The collections were as follow r—Morning, £22; afternoon, £13; in the evening, £139 10s.; making a total, including Fri day's service, of £210. A sale of useful hiid fancy articles takes place this day, and will be continued to-morrow, when the tea and public meeting will be held in the evening. TheLubra towed the George Washington to the ballast-ground, Fort Augusta, on Thursday, pre viously to her departure. The traction-engine arrived, having been 10 days coming 40 miles. She started with about nine tons, but part of this was obliged to be discharged on the road. It is considered that they are altogether a failure; two of them are already disabled and the other will have to be repaired before it can proceed. By an advertisement, in another column, it will be seen that a large panorama, illustratmg many cele brated places in Europe and America, will be exhi bited for the first time, to-morrow evening, at White's Boom. 