GRAND BILLIARD MATCH. rFrom the Melbourne Herald, August 3.] The appearance in this part of the globe of Mr. Joan Eoberts, the champion billiard player of the world, has oaused qiute an excitement, not only amongst the knights of the cue, but throughout the whole male population, as the fame of the great man has long preceded him. There are doubtless many in this oolony who remember Eoberts, when he was quite a lad, playing at Liverpool, as his skill at the game was such, even in those days, as to render him a most dangerous opponent. Since that time he has gradually improved, and during the last few years has held such a position that no other player, be he ever so good, has ventured to start on an equality with him. During the period at which he was the proprietor of the rooms at Seville House, many very interesting games were played, in which Eoberts generally gave his antagonists as many as 300, and sometimes 400 points, and afterwards proved victorious. He has a son who is following in his father's footBteps, and is considered almost as talented as his parent. Billiards have now become so universal that the amusement is within the reach of everyone; but the billiards which we have been ac customed to witness, even by first-rate players, is a ~~\sry different sort of game from that played by Mr. Eoberts. Here we have the true science im proved to the highest pitch of perfection by the most constant practice. Mr. Eoberts has arrived at such a stage of excellence in every point of the game as to have an almost unlimited command over the balls, and to be able to place them in nearly every position he chooBes. Shortly after his arrival in the colony he entered into an arrangement with Mr. Oleeland for the large room at the Albion Hotel, in which to play the first match, and Mr. John Lamb was secured as his first opponent. The hall was fitted up expressly for the occasion with tiers of seats for the spectators, and every arrangement waB made to secure the comfort and convenience of the visitors. The table used for the match was of colonial make, and it may, perhaps, be gratifying to the manufacturer, Mr. Alcock, of Eussell-street, to know that Mr. Eoberts considers it one of the very best he has ever played upon. Notwithstanding that the charge for admission was fixed at a rather high rate, such was the interest manifested to witness a match between the champion of the world and the champion of Australia that the room was well filled. Lamb received his 350 points out of 1,000 up, and the game was commenced by the Australian having the break, and, after a little coquetting on both sides to keep the balls in baulk, Lamb broke the ice by cannoning off the white, and then Eoberts went in off the white, cannoned, and put the red in the top pocket, thereby scoring seven. For some time the game went on slowly, and very little more than commonplace play was exhibited. Eoberts was evidently feeling his way and watching the play of his opponent, and at the same time getting at home on the new table. He soon got hold of the white ball and played with it for some time, continually putting himself in the centre and top pockets ; but wherever he put the balls there was always some thing left for himself, but very little for his anta gonist. Lamb is an excellent player, slow and careful, but he wants the precision and execution of Eoberts. He played very well at the outset of the game, making hazard after hazard off the red, alternating with a neatly executed cannon now and again. When Lamb's score stood at 383 Eoberts had arrived at 57\. The English champion then tried some of his " circumbendibus" cannons off the cushions ; hut the most astonishing portion of his play is the manner in which he can run through the balls, and curve them round, so as always to bring them into a convenient position. For about two hours the game went along Blowly j Eoberts, making his 25 and 30 off a break, gradually began to creep up. When Lamb stood at 401, Eoberts was only 62, but the latter was, however, warming to his work, and the balls began to fly about in all directions. Sometimes he would get three nicely placed together in a corner, and continue to score cannon after cannon, always contriving to get the balls well into position. Lamb often found himself left without a chance of making anything off his break, as Eoberts many times successfully brought off the double baulk, when he had got all he could himself. Lamb, however, played the good old game, shorn of its scientific adornments, and went in for safety. When Lamb's score stood at 427 Eoberts's was 93. From this he made up by a series of losing hazards played off the white into the centre pocket, and from the red into the top pocket. But his cannon game was certainly the finest. He made some of the most masterly strokes, frequently pocketed both balls after the cannon. He had scored 155 when Lamb was 452, and he then com menced some of his angular cannons, and was most successful in bringing them off several times in succession. Some of his Btrokes were truly magnificent, and were loudly applauded. Lamb, nothing daunted by being matched against such a renowned player, worked away carefully, and gradually increased his score j when 500 was put on 'his account, Eoberts had made 272. Frequently Eoberts performed the feat of pocketing the white, and bringing his own ball back from the centre of the table to cannon with the red lying close under the cushion, almost in a straight line; it is strokes such as these which show the power of play. Not until Eoberts had brought his score up to 324 as against 534 did he commence the spot game, which is considered his great forte. Twelve consecu tive times did he pocket the red, always leaving his own ball in a good position, and he afterwards repeated this performance by putting in the red eignteen, twelve, ten, and six times consecutively, when the scores stood as follows Eoberts, 509 ; Lamb, 575. An adjournment took place for a few minutes, andupon resuming Eoberts went on to play quickly—a sure sign that he was gaining a securer footing and greater confidence. Lamb exerted his utmost and played exceedingly well, making some really fine hazards, end several neat, if not altogether brilliant cannons. Soon Eoberts began to forge ahead, and the numbers got closer and closer—678, Eoberts; 691, Lamb; 704, Eoberts j and 691, Lamb. From this time the latter had not the ghost of a chance, even if any such idea had existed previously. Eoberts literally walked away from his opponent, and from 866 scored 950, making 84 in a break. He had frequently made 30,40, and once 65 from a break, but this was the largest number. Lamb's score at this time stood at 728, and this he only in creased to 743, when Eoberts had made 1001—thus winning by 258 points, or . including the number given at the commencement, 608. Eobert's play was magnificent throughout, but nothing ex traordinary brilliant was exhibited last night, although no very favorable opportunity occurred for the pro duction of any great skill. ^ This evening Eoberts will again play Lamb, giving him 400 points, and the ad pulsion is to be reduced to 10s» 