A CHAPTER FROM THE HISTORY OF THE FUTURE. THE Confederates having put down the Federal Re- bellion, the American people had time to look round them, and consider how they could best reform insti- tutions which had worked somewhat imperfectly. The executions of Butler and of James Gordon Bennett had tended to conciliate all parties, and the work of restoring good humour was completed by the publication, on the part of the ex- President, Mr. Lincoln, of a delightful volume, containing all the facetious anecdotes with which he had successfully met the various Federal disasters. Mitchell and Man- hattan having been judicially drowned in one mud- cart, and the fanatic war-preaching clergymen of all denominations, together with ninety-five per cent. of the newspaper writers, having been embarked in the old man of war the Nemesis, which was then carefully scuttled off Point Comfort, there was little left to do in the way of punishment. North and South being unanimous in regard to the necessity of a new constitution, conventions were held, and the first step was to abolish universal suffrage. The next was to exclude from the vote all Irishmen, Germans, British insolvents, and other voluntary and involuntary refugees. A further pro- cess of filtration disfranchised and war-contractors, telegram- manufacturers, stock-jobbers, liquor ven- dors, and all persons who had ever assumed any of the nicknames of party. A property and education test was established, and a very tolerable electoral body, representing Honest America, was thus ob- tained. It was then seen that if a re-union of the States were possible, it could only be under a King, who must not be an American. Like the eyes of the millions of pigeons who, in one of Mr. Fenimore Cooper's stories, were suddenly brought down by the discharge of a cannon loaded with small shots, the eyes of all the Americans were suddenly upturned, and they rested on his Royal Highness, the Grand Duke Punch. A deputation from America crossed the Atlantic, and without waiting to comb its hair, or to be intro- duced by Messrs. Adams, Slidell, and Ira Aldridge (the North, South, and coloured ambassadors), en- tered the presence. " Guess, highness, as you're the king for our money," began the Honourable Washington Green- back ; " so order the smartest crown and fixings as can be produced, and state date for your crownation, yes, Sir." " On the part of the old aristocracy of the New World," said the Honourable Richmond Cottonpod, " I offer your royal highness the opportunity of founding a dynasty that shall transplant the tree of chivalry into the rich soil of Columbia." " Iss, ighness, you berra good king, you outrageous good king, you dam good king," said the Honourable Pompey Quashibungo (slightly plagiarising from Mr. Charles Reade), " so you unliminate yourself out of dis here, and come and be nointed with werry best Macassar, yup, yup." The temptation was one which few mortals could have withstood. King of America, with a domain of 2900 long miles by 1730, or 2,963,666 square ones, and with 30,191,876 (and a quarter, including Tom Thumb) of subjects. A despot, too, with a despotism untempered even by epigrams, for the article is not manufactured in the New World. Happily, for Eng- land, Punch is not mortal. He dashed away a tear, brighter than any of the 2783 diamonds in the diadem of his beloved Queen, cleared his voice with an effort and cayenne lozenge, and, after a pause, uttered one word : " Shan't !" His voice and language were courteous, but it was felt that his purpose was adamant. The Run Mr. Greenback was going to spit, but remembered where he was ; the Hon. Mr. Cottonpod muttered the shadow of the ghost of an oath ; the Hon. Mr. Quashibungo kicked out his foot at Toby, and was incontinently bitten where the calf of his Excellency's leg should have been. " My duties are here," said Duke Punch. "But, gentlemen, your King is there." He pointed to a tall, vigorous, gaunt person who had accompanied the deputation, unaccredited, and who had been silently listening to the proceedings. The West strode forward, in the person of a powerful backwoodsman, with the eye of an eagle and the muscle of a gladiator ; but there was a dash of humour in the strong fellow's face, too. " I ain't much of a figure for a crown and garter, old boss, but I calculate as you've smashed the nut this time. These chaps ain't made no great count of me up to now ; but how's my turn, and may be they'll knuckle down, or I'll have to take off my coat." " State your claims more graciously, my powerful friend," said Duke Punch. "I believe that in the fresh and vigorous west will be found the Arbiter who should take America in hand, and the sooner he does it the better. Gentlemen, a slight banquet awaits you in the next apartment. Let us go in and drink to the prosperity of your country, and to the dynasty of your King." ' But I'd like to be judgmatical, Old Ross," said the new Sovereign ; " and if you'd any bit of a book with the true principles of a King's trade wrote out plain you might loan it a fellow." " It is yours," said H.R.H., smiling, and presenting his forty. sixth volume of Punch. When is a Dog at Large At the Police Court, on Tuesday, Mr. Raffles, the stipendiary, was engaged in the hearing of two summonses against Mr. Wjbergh, one of the magistrates' clerks, for having two dogs at large in the streets. The case turned upon the question, is a dog at large when accompanied by its owner, or other responsible person? Some of the lay magistrates had held that it was not, and Mr Rolfe a, barrister, argued that view for the defendant yesterday. Mr. Raffles said he had been inclined to that view himself, but after consulting authorities, he now considered it erroneous. A case having been submitted to Mr. Mellish, Q.C., he had given the following decision :-" I am of opinion that a dog which is accompanying its owner, or any other person, but is not tied or chained in any way, is at large, but that a dog held by a chain or string is confined, and not at large. I am also of opinion that it makes no difference whether the dog is muzzled or not." Mr. Raffles, acting upon this, inflicted a mitigated penalty is each case of Is. and 1s. costs. Mr. Wybergh gave notice of appeal. Liverpool Mercury, June 15. Blackfriars Bridge Now that the final closure of Old Blackfriars Bridge has taken place, and the work of its demolition begun a few jottings about it may not be out of place. The bridge was built by order of the corporation, Mr. Robert Mylne, a native of Edinburgh, being the architect. The first pile was driven on the 7th of June, 1760, and the first stone laid on the 31st of October in the same year, by Sir Thomas Chitty, then Lord Mayor. It was finally opened for traffic on the 19th of November, 1769. When first opened a toll of one halfpenny each on week days, and one penny on Sundays, was taken, and continued until the 22nd of January, 1788, when they were redeemed by Government. The following records as to the laying of the first stone, and what may be expected to be found when that stone again is brought to light, are just now interesting. The Annual lies ister for the year 1760 says, after describing the ceremony :-" Several pieces of gold, silver, and copper coins of his late Majesty (George III. were placed under the stone, together with a silver medal given to Mr. Mylne, the architect, by the Academy of St. Luke, with a copper run round it, having the following inscriptions: On the one side, 'In March lecture prtestantiie premium (ipsa Roma judice), Roberto Mylne months humus architecture grate animo possible " In the QtntUrnan't Magazine of the same date, we are told that there wa.T- -T plates of pure tin a Lamlash at the request of the Court of CoT'00' "S and of which a verbatim eCunt"!. 9 The following is an EnghahtruÄL it was seen that it contains a fact Sir J G known as to the naming of the bill 0t8WaUj notice .- ' Onthelastof Oetoberinthf86' 2 in the beginning of the ¡ST^'»« George III, Sir Thomas Canty Knit M laid the first stone of this, engine is Common Council of London masters extensive war), for the public I""" ,td8e'U ornament of the city, Robert year's rj And that there TIux^£$S£¿*t**«. of this city's affection to those yJLm 31st strength of his genius, the steadily be found a certain kind of happy condemns, it and spirit (under the Ab^STA^ auspices of George II ) recover 77, d totally cured theBr.t.BhVIào»ff_SM«fi and restored the ancient reputation and Ti me this country amongst the nations of ZotT 4 tons of London unanimously voted the I m inscribed with the name of Wdlumu».!)nd/,6 "? the citizens did vote this money. it is that the intention was not cJi'edI offers Bridge it always has been called, and she ckCrlU| in all future histories. The '« foundation is a transcription, when taken up, should file a?' Jamisson and deposited in 38 ÄjSf MuwcirALiTY of llnirxnir,-The until «,'..?« .-- IE cipal council was held on Friday, has Ak was stated ? councillors Renwick, Wild, Will and At rest, I absentees the chairman, who waters'' *">» councillor Crane was voted to the chair. "The mAre:?,íbírti' regular, meeting, and those, of those ,JT?let."l'lilis] 8th instant, in reference to the state. the ftaS».,.ÍSaí' and tension of the wires hr.»«^Tv... ElT _""? unaace,tttlHe ra. ' all new buildings ready for ocoupaüonÄ««»« building, erected since the last? 22"? to 23 'SS various tenders had been received foritaranah of ÎT«?'»* for the next three months, and that of S m^"^ per ton accepted. Councillor Eenw ck more ATS be adopted Seconded by Councillor Wild V A"?? improvement committee reported that the TI n! Bourke, Redfern, and Burning "Green 38 a 'F Councillor Renwick moved, a. That" in seeds surers report of the diseases nttttSsïrA»1* at the bank on the 9th instant, the «solutionCot"£«,'.*? having reference to a deputation to the manner? I,. , '2 of the cash credit, be rescinded." Sends ii",?*£* and carried. Complaints having beTmWC^ specting the dangerous state of several fortress? A Hoad, councillor Williamson moved "for , in structed to write to the trustees of the tan industry Head, requesting their co-operation in effecting. its. " repairs to the said road within the b7¿dtrii?olf tbW? pall type Councillor Wild seconded the matta SS The inspector of nuisances applied for instruction.., >. W" he should institute legal vro^ci\£¿"^S^^^ as animals of draught, contrary to by-law No r mA,s,Í was directed to enforce the law ágatatsHrtÄff"Ä of minated the proceedings, and the council sdJoS. ' EBtEB&xstezpsenm; 