SKETCHES BY THE WAY. By SHAMROCK. [CONTINUED.] No. IV. -- TOM DALTON'S EXPERIENCE. FROM the concluding paragraphs of my last Number, it would naturally be inferred that my quondam vade mecum--Mr Tom Dalton-- and myself tried our luck at the Araluen dig- gings. Such, however, was not the case. I altered my mind when within a few miles of Major's Creek, and told my companion that it was my intention to face towards Queanbeyan. He did not offer the slightest opposition, but said he would travel with me as far as Bun- gendore, if not the whole way. With this understanding we retraced our steps, and when again on the outskirts of Braidwood, we made a detour and came out upon the Goulburn road, leaving the township upon our right. This policy did not (?) at all please Tom, who wanted me right or wrong to spend the last night with my late host, who would be disconsolate at my desertion; but I (?) was inexorable, aud assured him that sooner than run the risk of again encountering the (?) deluded patients, I would willingly spend the night in the open air. "Upon my conscience, then, the latter al- ternative will be yours if you persist in your present resolution," he said. "How so? Are there no houses of enter- tainment on our way?" I asked. "Not even the ghost of a shanty," he re- plied. "We might, no doubt, get a shake (?) down at a settler's, but I do not (?) that (?) of that (?)." "Nor I, either, Tom. Come, brace yourself up; there is a public-house at the crossing- place of the Shoalhaven river,--I think it is called Larbert,-- and though it will put us considerably out of our road, yet I am of opinion that our safest course will be to pro- ceed thence (?). If you are not over flush of mo- ney, do not be too scrupulous on that head; luckily I got a little remittance from Sydney only (?) yesterday, and as far as it goes we will enjoy a community of interest. What say you?" Poor Tom was quite agreeable, the more so as the state of his finances was not so low as to render him (?) impecuniary (?) indeed, (?) much question whether he would have fallen in with my arrangement, if he had not been independent in matter. We beguiled the distance with anecdote and reminiscences of past times, but my com- panion would not gratify my curiosity res- pecting his own career since I last saw him; he said it was a long story, and could not be properly detailed without the auxiliaries of full stomach and one or two bottles of porter. This excuse, however, did not last long, as, in one hour's time after it was advanced, we were gloriously seated before a rousing fire in a little snuggery of the "Cottage of Content," our stomachs respectably fortified with a capi- tal supper, and a brace of bottles of my friend's favourite xxx reflecting our countenances in all the variety of caricature that the proclivity of a Phiz would have delighted in. But we did not quarrel with our humorous speculums, for all that; our feelings were of too compla- cent and well-beloved a nature just then, to allow us to make more than a jovial comment upon the physiognomic libel. "Now is your time, Tom," I said, "to go on with your promised history." "Well, I shall gratify you, doctor," he re- plied (he took a particular pleasure through- out the day in addressing me by this title, and no other); "I feel too happy and friendly with myself to refuse you anything at the present moment. Fill your glass, and drink. Capital porter by my life. A blessing on your old head, Guinness, dead or alive! But to begin. "You already know, doctor, the particu- lars of my introduction to Mr Frank Haddy, solicitor, broker, &c.;, &c.; I wrote a slashing hand--at least in my own estimation, and this was all the recommendation I brought with me to honest Frank, but he thought it quite sufficient. It was, I well remember, on a Thursday afternoon (you were out of Sydney at the time) that I first entered my friend and employer's office. On my arrival, he intro- duced me to his head clerk, Mr Isaiah Zach- ary Trotter, a tall, dyspeptic, cadavorous looking being, who seemed to be only waiting a for an opportunity to commence gastronomic operations upon a little lad who was perched on a tall stool by his side. "I was put in harness myself that evening, but my task was not onerous--merely that of copying a few sheets, which I did with the greatest possible attention. My performance did not please Mr Haddy, however, for though he praised my expedition, he damned my ca- ligraphy without phrase. "'Why, Thomas,' he said, 'we'd use, or waste rather, all the stationary in Sydney, were we to adopt your style of penmanship. You must learn to write closer and more perpendicular, you understand, eh? See here! why, what the plague is this?' "'Dogs and cattle,' I replied, following his finger with my eye. The little lad on the stool burst out laughing, and even the features of his unhappy-looking neighbour, Mr Trot- ter, relaxed into a smile, but it was a smile far advanced in the last stage of a pulmonary consumption, and its expression had disap- peared almost before you perceived it. "'Dogs and cattle,' reiterated Mr Haddy. 'Are these the words in the original, Mr Dalton?' "'I believe so,' I answered, examining it line by line. 'Oh I beg pardon! I think I made a mistake,' I continued, scarcely repres- sing my own risible faculties. 'The words should be goods and chattels.' I thought so,' he rejoined, laughing, and slapping me on the shoulder. You must mind your P's and Q's for the future, my boy, as I mean to indoctrinate you in hot haste into the secrecies of a commission agent's office." "I promised to be a better boy, of course, and to strive zealously to become a commission agent myself in the fulness of time, although the specific purpose for which a commission agent was born, was then about as intelligible to me as a lecture on the solar system might (?) (?) at an earlier hour the (?) (?) (?) gentleman, (?) so I had to (?) snatches of (?) songs (?) (?) the Brave, (?) (?) an infringement, (?) (?) decorum of the office (?) (?) stare at the lad, who (?) (?) himself in (?) (?) (?) I ventured to (?) to my (?) neighbour. "Yes,' was his laconic endorsement of "You have the happiness of possessing a beautiful climate in this country." (?) intimation of his concurrence in this remark by a spasmodic nod of the head, which brought the point of his sharp nose to within an inch of the desk. "You (?) don't happen, Mr Trotter, to know a person with the name of O'Ruark in this co- lony?'--(a shake of his (?) head (?) a negative response)."He is somewhere in the interior, about Bendigo or Bathurst, I be- lieve' (another shake) 'and being a friend of mine I would particularly wish to see him' (another shake, accompanied by a noise very much resembling a small (?). 'To- lerably good-looking girls here in Sydney,' I continued after a (?), 'only they look a little skinny.' The (?) Isaiah here cast an imploring look upon his diminutive companion, as much as to say 'Save me from my tormentor,' and widened our degree of propinquity by moving his stool at least two feet from mine. Of course this was giving me the (?) as plain as the nose on his face. (?) (?) the better part of a day,' I said to myself, after which satisfactory expression of opinion I applied myself with increased energy to my appointed work. "During the succeeding three or four weeks my life was uniform enough. In the office, the same reserved disposition was maintained by Mr Trotter towards me; but the little lad was becoming more familiar; and had evidently a secret liking for me. Indeed, only for the presence of the first-named gentleman, I be- lieve little Tommy and myself would have been sworn friends before the expiration of the third day, and playing hide-and-seek dur- ing our intermittent intervals of labour. But the poor fellow's young spirits were sadly kept within bounds by the peculiar manner of his ghostly- looking supervisor, to whom the usual manifestations of a cheerful heart seemed a gross abomination. "One forenoon, however, Mr Trotter had occasion to go to the Custom-house, and Tommy and I made the most of our time in his absence. There was a sack coat belonging to Trotter hanging upon the wall, and some- thing--possibly the genius of devilry, my good doctor-- tempted me to prevail upon the lad to put it on, in spite of his desperate en- treaties to be spared the sacrilege. To see him in this habiliment was really a treat--it was I assure you, doctor. It took me some fifteen minutes to turn back the sleeves to the proper length and otherwise adjust the garment, which completely enveloped his person from top to toe. As he strutted about the apart- ment, in laughable imitation of the head clerk's style of locomotion, his former scru- ples totally gave way to the exuberance of en- joyment, natural to boyhood, and his little heart rioted in merriment at the ludicrousness of his position. When illustrating that part of Trotter's habit, wherein both hands are spasmodically thrust into the pockets, the tips of the little fellow's fingers were at least six inches from the entrance to the intended re- ceptacles; the attempt did not please him, and he had to support the coat upon his stool in order to enable his hands to enter the pock- ets--a most unfortunate idea for the poor fel- low, as the sequel will prove. "Though naturally an unoffending lad, Tommy's evident desire to amuse me made him overstep the boundaries of prudence and delicacy; and his hands, as they were in ano- ther man's pockets, would not keep from fol- lowing the example of other hands in a simi- lar situation. The result was, that a most heterogeneous mass--comprising scraps of a paper, a tooth-pick, a lady's thimble, a pair of tweezers, two or three rings, a box of anti- bilious pills, a dirty shirt-collar, a treatise on chiropody, a bottle of marking-ink, a lady's locket, &c.;, &c.;,--were liberated from durance and soon displayed along the desk. The ar- ticles were all restored to their proper place, however, except one--and that one was a letter, addressed but not sealed. Under or- dinary circumstances I should as soon think of robbing the bank as of surreptitiously making myself acquainted with the contents of such a document; but in this case, my cu- riosity was powerfully, irresistably excited on reading the name on the cover, which was that of an old acquaintance--which was, in short, that of my former sweetheart--Miss Victoria Bantam(?). I had become acquainted with Victoria the very (?) first day of my arrival in the colony, and in a very odd way too, doc- tor--this circumstance, together with the unfathomable ascetic habits of the supposed writer, overcame any scruples I might have felt in the matter, and I laid the letter open. During my perusal of it Tommy was sitting by me, on the top of the desk (?) in his unique attire, and alternately giving way to the ex- tremes of hilarity and fear. The note was evidently either a copy or had been superseded by another more in harmony with the senti- mentalism of the author. It ran thus-- Sydney (?) 4 o'clock, 'Dearest Vic--My dear Miss Bantam, You can guess from the date what a sleepless night I have passed--ah But you went though-- allow you went--trosnlle yourseolf sn':kin he nmatter-a-t I '?.l ' diJl you tlisopodint:,ilost. •,itt 7 Oh :nmy poor heart is bleeding, and yca kno.i it. "'---1. I went to the jappontlted glacc exastly j?.io. .i:t tf hcfore the time, my henrt yrektlg Winh '.OSa of recat ti. and gloriocu ive, ealdmy.. . ' '"" i: .y ti reant b o l of tisn, LL ' " o""' -':: h red r..u flal nlffetfon S 1 'i-- isa a ae is ittonib eno !" -i 'a of:" ;- '" bosolni for2 ever y0our'?. ;ig uot n:o- 0 st tro i antdrr i' at the twinkling bhost hicht aLoe .bo :, . . .,: ' '· a tion "if hew. a en; .Ent you c,!Iko tIt'-i-h i. ' ". ' n:,} ' .I w us tllt alone, who It'l come to encccl ?"'P' ? ntgica of iby nsolia the ccompiihmeiant of '...-,sion--ah! t'or"evr-adwrei' V-inctrin ! ok. j1 , me- ah' " y'T.t 2Po cOh:r ial fi:eling of co21mprsitx it~JitIX', ico tawels of thy tendc.r L3rcy-ahi-ad iar i-'. o st ii?,lltr lit' ithe mineslo of .:n unrequited .mentlkr, -cr"rl I an 1.(" o011e iike a pt llicI 'l of the i ildlern-1s, u i't Jlte a "liv-s h t?I , raven in the holuse, because, o" thy ci:h;ers.,--nh ! '1.ir' i ot thy face fronm we i the 12thr of mry tributl.tio.. fBr ml0:y bonie tl I i cavn to mr1y , 'l . I? : 2 Thare 2u'ick2td (Ou youtr t uniill, nlud %-n b ccme an a0 1 lipavr'Ow cl,:t ,e 1,01 ."i - t, op-- . Ile ercltlfl i ;its r, a iilous power of thy r:: y,.1:1 ta.ddid notl A to are't'i the .hionuli e: f thy utpi .l , allt ul a -ve,-al : Oh:. d?.ier, bio ily nillnd Apndeih's ! 2it ll:underl; i i11l ecotmvl dUy, lile fI:'l !,' the fllire, and my l ha--my overwhcuiing l,*i.- f.ir yo21is the Ill cnu:i- . 'A ir n. in reply u0uld be a ha lmti.i to, ti glroaii'ng1s or 1 my trut.liil.d spirit. ' l.el:ic rt. you,:., entire~ly "ind far aver,' '.i Ts.laul .AcIt?.itr 11 o12'11 . l'. ' '.S -1'o adhio ?1 . pli7imoat. felingtt.. tho prrte!nt conjuncture, I aim forced. I 1 iir?t :ally to tlhe prattling ofplirctiivilcl of a vblii~utlio young Irihntuu, 1,who etemts to ha?e conI to tohe oltce for no earthly purl:.pe ekcept that cE.nnItufig me a1nd interrupting ny saNflconlni licnr.n1 . I w21 wi2th llY vbhol) heart SMr if. wou!d'l reliev n': of if . T. . . . t t' J was beginning to res'.o0"use tUhio grandi loquentl bill.':-d..d:-by thie way, the otlde s, . mixttre of fanaticism a tI love that my eyes 1 ,vetr res-tedt otl-'?,~-lwhn the ra, itable ' pclican' I limself 1i-t,' ait' my elb'ow. 'll'o ee0'ct wo electrical. Tommy literally bounded off his elevated seat, and rolled over on the floor, the cumbrous amplitude of the sack, together with his extreme fright, rendering him completely helpless. Mr Trotter coolly possessed himself of the letter, and commenced disrobing Tom- my without uttering a word. There was, for all that, an ominous expression of settled de- termination visible on his countenance, that boded a gathering storm. I was resolved, however, to share its fury, when it should burst, with my little companion, who was, in point of fact, only my subordinate in the exe- cution of the joke, which now threatened to become a serious one. The lad looked like a corpse, when disencumbered of the ill-omened garment, and gave me a look of intense an- guish that all but undermined my gravity. Poor little Tom! I have often since thought of that scene, and always with a hearty obe- dience to my risible propensities. "Meanwhile, Mr Trotter was examining the contents of the pockets in silence. The pill-box dropped from his hands and raced along the floor, and the top coming off in the excursion, its contents were scattered in all directions--as if each individual pill meant to try its fortune, and set up a poster on its own account. Tommy, over- eager to regain his lost favour, ran to collect the fugitive medi- coes, and received for his pains a stunning slap on the check, administered by Isaiah with a good-will that rolled the boy over. When he got up, his other cheek, lest it should be jealous of favours, was subjected to a similar ordeal; and certainly, if favours be estimated according to the degree of ardour with which they are distributed, the cheek aforesaid had nothing to complain of. On Tommy gaining his feet again (for he was made to roll over the second time), Mr Trotter--thinking pro- bably that he had not adjusted the part be- tween the cheeks--seemed bent on following the example of the monkey in the fable illus- trating the effects of litigation, when I stood up and resolutely interposed my person be- tween him and his diminutive victim. "My interference resulted--as I expected-- in a trial of strength between the love-lorn swain and myself. We grappled one another with the utmost fierceness--we had a mutual feeling of dislike to gratify--and in a short time we had taken the circuit of the office, as if only engaged in the companionable relaxa- tion of a polka. It was marvellous how I managed to swing him from side to side; but his unwieldy proportions were proofs against my utmost endeavours to throw him. From the moment I first grasped him, however, I felt certain of success, for Mr Isaiah Zachary Trotter was one of those slender unmuscular bulrushes of humanity upon whom a good shaking would have a most enervating effect. Still, his great length seemed an insuperable barrier to my hopes,-- like a huge ling that you want to put into a basket, but no sooner have you one extremity secured, than the op- posite one flounders out afresh in open defi- ance. Moreover, Trotter smelled most insuf- ferably of garlic, or raw onions, or some such abomination; so that I was sometimes forced to keep my head in a positon quite disadvan- tageous to the exigencies of my case. My Irish training, however, made up for all defi- ciencies, and with a dexterous Kildarer I at last brought my luckless antagonist to the ground. Then commenced a scene I will not easily forget. Tommy, who had been all this time an intense obsrver of the fluctuations of our struggle, no sooner discovered which way the victory leaned than he begin whooping and dancing frantically--as if a new era had burst upon his existence and scattered his ha- bitual timidity to the winds,-- interspersing his labours with such wholesome suggestions as, 'Give it him, the ghost!' -'Strangle the pelican--the fancy (?) hound!' But this was not all. Before I could free myself from the still determined grasp of my prostrate foe, the door was darkened by a shadow, and the next instant Mr. Haddy himself stood beside me, accompanied with another gentleman. In a twinkling I was on my feet, my face glowing with shame and abasement. Mr Trotter fol- lowed my example, but with far less energy; the poor fellow looked absolutely hideous, and his haggard look and emaciated jaws caused me a pang of the keenest self-reproach. In the scuffle, his shirt-collar met with a tragic end, and the absence of that adornment added to the ghastliness of his appearance. "Our employer was thunder-struck; and it was several minutes before he could realise the unaccustomed scene. He scarcely deigned to look at me, and there was a kind of re- proachful anxiety in his frequent glances at Trotter. From these glances I drew the in- ference that he had not expected much from myself in the line of decorum or proper beha- viour, and that he was lamentably deceived in the charactcr of my opponent. To arrive at such a conclusion regarding one's self, at such a time, was anything but gratifying. I felt (?) chagrined, and thoroughly (?) con- vinced (?) would never deal (?) (?) innocent, well-intentioned man! "In, the (?) and coolest of voices, Mr Haddy told me I might go to my dinner, and I don't think I ever obeyed a hint of the kind with greater alacrity. In truth, I was only too glad to be permitted to make myself inv- isible (?) where every succeeding in- stant of time added to my embarrassment and displeasure. I reached the street, and never since entered the office of Mr Frank Haddy, of Sussex- street, Sydney." (To be continued.) 