THE WAR SPIRITiN EUROPE. Anticipations op War at Vienna. — The Vienna correspondent of the times says :— ' There is hardly a statesman or a diplomatist in Vienna who does not think there will be a war in the spring. The Em '? peror Francis Joseph has told the head of the War Department that he must be prepared for all con '?? tingencies.' . AliJSXTJSU ixuui juiegu sbubca tuttb bucia uun iiuu uouu ? for a long time past so great a demand for firearms in that town. Agents from several foreign Govern ments, particularly the Italian, are at present at , Liege, pressing the manufacturers to complete their , contracts. . 'Garibaldi and Victok Hugo. — The following letters, says the Guernsey Star, have just been in terchanged between these distinguished personages : ' _» Caprera, 25th November. — Dear Victor Hugo, . —I was certain of your assistance, and you must be certain of my gratitude. What you say is true ; and I wish I had the million of hearts which would make the million of muskets unnecessary. I would have the universal concord which would render war needless. I, like you, await with confidence the awakening of the peoples, but to realise truth with out suffering, and to follow the triumphant road of justice without watering it with tears — this is the ideal that has thus far in vain been sought. It is for you who are the light-bearer to point out a less painful way, and for us to follow you. Your friend for life, Garibaldi. Victor Hugo, Guernsey.' ?'? Hauteville House, 20th December. — Dear Gari baldi, — We both of ub have faith, and our faith is the same. The awakening of the nations is ino vit- ' able. For myself I have a deep conviction that when the time is come, but little blood will be shed. The Europe of tha Peoples fara da se. Even the revolutions the most fortunate and the most neces sary have their responsibilities, and you, like my self, are of those who dread for them the onorinous weight of a drop of blood unnecessarily shod. Let us have no blood at all ; that is the ideal ; and why sot the ideal ? When the ideal is reached by men, and yon yourself suffice to provo it, why may it not be attained by things? The level of hatreds sinks in proportion as the level of hearts is elevated, feet nj, {hen, ftU endeavor tQ OlOYfttO tjhom, PeUyer. i ance by mind — revolution by civilisation — this is our object— yours as well as mine. And when we must fight the last battle we-may be assured that it will be beautiful, generous and great ; it will be as beneficent as any battle can be. The problem is in ? some sort solved by your presence. You are the hero of peace traversing the path of war. You are the righteous sword. Dear friend, I press your illustrious hand. Victor Hugo. To General Garibaldi, Caprera.' The Agitation in Hungary. — The following is the text of a proclamation issued in the name of Kossuth. It is published in the Alleanza of Milan :— ' By order of Louis Koasuth, the Na tional Committee of Independence to the Nation. Fidelity to the flag of 1849 survives in the heart of our nation. Refusing to, accept any kind of com promise, the great majority of the nation is firmly resolved to shake off the detested yoke of German domination. But, as the external signs of our na tional life have in recent times not been in harmony with that resolution/ our natural allies abroad have conceived doubts as to the firmness of our designs. These doubts have been the greatest obstacles to the efforts of our Government tending to the deliverance of the country. The removal of that obstacle becomes on imperious necessity before the new turn of European events — a turn offering a prospect full of promise to all the peoples who groan under a foreigu yoke. We. must give a sign of life in order that our natural allies may be convinced that against the common enemy they may surely count upon the arms of the Magyars. We must hold ourselves in readiness, in order that the ties of the terrified Aus trian may not entangle our nation in the snare. We must prepare to be in a state to seize energetically the favorable opportunity. For these purposes the (2-overnor, Louis Kossuth, abolishing every previous order, and having judged it necessary to decree the formation of a new general committee, makes known, by the present document, to the nation, that in con sequence of that order the general committee of in dependence is constituted; that it has for its end the realisation of the Declaration of Inde pendence of 1849 ; and that, full of resolution, and ready for all sacrifices, it has taken in hand the direction of affairs, according to the instructions received, or to be received, from the chosen Gover nor of our country. The committee expects, from the patriotic sentiments of the nation, that the orders .emanating from it will . be promptly executed, that its instructions will be followed and that its mea sures will be speedily accomplished. At the same time it calls upon the enemies, open and concealed, of the flag of 1849 to abstain from any plot or intrigue if they would not incur the penalty inflioted upon 1 traitors. At all events, the 'General Committee of Independence declares that it will know how and that it is determined to secure obedience to its orders and the accomplishment of ,the measures which it must take. Long live the nation and good hope ! Let every honest patriot prepare himself for aotion ! Oar motto is ' 1849 and Victory !' Done at Bude Pesth, the 24th of December, 1863.' The article in the Alleanza which contains this document is published under the significant title, ' Hungary . awakes.' The excitement produced by this unexpected event is greater at Vienna than anywhere else. Some persons speak of proclaiming the state of siege, which would be extended to Croatia. The Presse, of Vienna, speaks in the following sombre terms of the situation of Austria :— ' There is always danger, especially in an epoch like ours and a State like Austria. The storm threatens us from all directions. In the East it is an insurrection, in the West a conqueror under the mask of the love of peace, in the South an enemy greedy of annexations, in the North an insolent pro voker, and in the midst of Germany an extraordi nary national ferment. Thus surrounded, Austria is seen, not having achieved its constitutional trans formation, agitated by internal dissensions, borne down under the weight of a deficit which is in course of aggravation, disturbed by the instability of its public stocks. This is neither the time1 nor the place for a Ministry to be disunited, in a state of permanent crisis, and remaining in spite of that at the head of affairs.' What will England do? — So surely as the ©firmans cross the Evder. so surelv will thev nrmv against them the arms of England ; so certainly will they find the soldiers of France presently moving on the Rhine, and the forces of Italy on the Venetian frontier. We cannot too often repeat the nameB of Hungary and Poland. The statesmen of Austria and Prussia treat them as if they were mere Pepper's ghosts, instead of being earnest solid nations, eager to rise, and to fight for freedom and independence. Calamity upon calamity will surely fall upon the authors of this war if it is once brought about. ' We . therefore, while there is yet time, seek most anxiously to impress upon the German governments the fearful extent of the respon sibility which . they seem so ready to assume. The peace of Europe, upon which the pros perity and well-being of all depend, is a sacred trust chiefly committed to the hands of the great Powers. If by them it is violated and destroyed, those who perpetrate the crime will have to pay the penalty. Aggression and tyranny will be defeated and punished, and those who shed blood in a wanton and unjust quarrel will find that in the last reckoning they themselves will be chief sufferers.' — The Morn ing Post, January 26. Probable Call ufon the Volunteers fob Active Service. — The threatening aspect of affairs on the Continent, the bitter and anti-English tone of the French press, and other circumstances, combine to establish a belief that England may be dragged into war by the political complications of Europe; and this feeling gains ground daily amongst the volunteers of every grade. It is gratifying to be able, therefore, to state with certainty that, although diminished very considerably in numbers as compared with the corresponding period of 1862, the volunteer forces were nevor in so efficient a condition as they are at this moment. The Government grant has not induced so many i new reoruits to join as was anticipated, but the cir cumstance may be attribucd to a feeling of inde pendence. This view is established by the fact that in some of those regiments where, in consequence of the receipt of the capitation grant, the subscrip tion from 'efficients' has been altogether abolished, there have been less new enrolments of recruits during the year than in those where the subscription has been maintained. Tho number of resignations ! also has, generally speaking, been few as compared i with the first yoar. No apprehensions, therefore, j need be entertained, should the British Government ' be compelled to send an army abroad, that sufficient .' protection would not be afforded at home from aggression against all oomors, from whatever I country er wlifltevw f?liBJ9r~ Tho Observer* 