BELL'S ESSENCE OF PARLIAMENT. j THUBSDAY, APBII 21ST. j Mr SPEAKER took tho chair at 27 minutes past 3, on Collective Wisdom from that time, (iii ten minutes to < did all they could to'make " Hay" while tho sun ellon by putting all sorts of questions, uttering all sorts of n ports, making all sorts of motions, and minding oil sorl of business but their own; Mr SPEAIUSB grinning-an bearing it with tho resignation of one who knew : couldn't last much longer. DALGLEISH, with a laudable desire to occasion c much troublo as possible, wanted Government to "g into figures" very heavily, and give him oxact roturns o the statistics in connection with Schools of Arts, and tit working of tho Newspaper Post ago Act-, by to-morroi morning, which Government civilly, but firmly rcfusei to do. Mr WAIKER was dismissed with a promise, that if h was a good boy, ho' should have his Windsor Soap, in tin shape of a ruilway, sent up to his place about July nest and Government said they had no objection to obi ig him with an adjutant, aud two field marshalls, or horsi marines, or drum-mujors, or something of that sort, ti enable him to ride his favourito "Volunteer Ziolby, am " play at soldiers" during the rocess. Mr FORSTER, like Juliet, ''spoko, but said nothing,' (at least that could be heard) about going to Church, a: a practico, we presume, which would bo a good Bubsti tute for tho " truths divino," which bon. members won in tho habit'of hearing " come mended from his lips,' in tho Assembly. Mr PAUCKTT apologized for Mr Cowpor, who, lie said was actually too sick lo briny up a report. Dr LANG said, " Sio Serapor!" however, "»' i'm porte." FAT/ORTT said, " His was sherry, and to was bil ' sainted Maria'i-.' " " JEFF" said if " Monoy" was going to bo discusscc again, ho should rosign-a statement which frightencc ll ouso into silence. Mr GARRETT laid a " full, truo, and particular ac- count" of Toddy's mineralogical researches in tho Illa- warra District, on tho tabla. TODD? said it was like his brass. GAIIIIETT said it boro a much Btrongoi- photographic rcsomblauco to Homebody else's lead or ii». A long discussion nroso as to a clergyman's moral rights to abstain from performing his religious rites, bc causo ho was physically tarong in tho internal state of his anatomical museum, and yet rccoivo his " filthy lucre," as if he was perfectly right all over. \- MACPHERSON said something which induced PID- DINGTON to say that he (Mao), barring In's looks, nut him'in mind of tho beautiful, but slightly impulsivo young lady, who elevated her fair pedal extremity to the lovel of her sighing Strophon's dorsal torminus, and, by that forcible figure of rhetoric, known as a broad hint, compelled him to advance backwards down tho staircase whioh lcd to her boudoir, at a considerably moro rapid rate of progression than ho had employed in flying to Jinr feet on tho wings of love. Tho Governihont was the Strophon whom he was kicking, and ho did not think it was right of *. 1» belle" Macpherson to hurt its feolings on so tender a point. Ho thought that it was vory dan- gerous to send clergymen to England, bocauso they might bo infatuated enough not to know whon they wore well off, and stop there, and then thora would bo an end to quarrelling over State Aid; and ho would Uko to know what would become of religion then. CALDWELL, in dofenco of Forstor, suid bo had no dis- cretion, which brought Will on his foot, bowing grace- fully threo times in, acknowledgement of tho compli- ment. '. Mr MORRIS said ho could not look on a parson aa a civil servant; indeed he found somo of them very uncivil, but let that pass on. Ho did not wish to cast reflec- tions on tho Colonial Secretary's order of architecture (though it partook of the non-compos-iie), but imagined that a shorter bill would jump over tho Stack obstacle much quicker than ha could, with Iiis long-wináod mode ; of disposing of it. ' , FORSTER laid a Slack of correspondence boforo Hay, and then tho matter dropped. COUNCIL then sent a few messages into tho Assembly to moko haste, and cut it short, as " Tempus fugit," and thoy wanted to shut up shop. House, in a devil of a hurry, then began discharging bills at a fearful rate, bon. monitors abandoning cherished sobornes with a recklessness highly indicativo of an un an'unoua desire to shako od* the trammols of Legislative Somnambiiloiicy, which has of lato obtained so powerful a mastery ovor their "ayes and noes," and then having arranged to meet " so carly in tho morning," to exchange " souvenirs ot nobblers d' adieu," rushed out " en masse," at ton minutes to 8, with an agility worthy of Sterne's Starling, whon that unfortunate aud celebrated. " caged bird" found that ho " eoiiM get out,'' after singing out, " usque ad nauseam," thnt he couldn'tl . FRIDAT, APRIL 22ND. Whon tho " Early Village Cook" hod niño times dono salutation to tho morn, Mr SPEAKER marched tho wholo of his " morry men" to Robinson's Baths, ond.bavhig dipped thom into hot mater, soaped them down and dried them up, made a movemont to a certnin barberous estab- lishment, and lind their individual, and collective" nobby bends of hair'! out, curled, and pommaded, treating him- self to a " clean shave" at tho samo time. Tho gallant troop thou uiarolioóV with flying colours, to the ITou and"bnrnpers uf Burgundy" being "filled, filled" i evorybody, tho "last scono of ull" thatondud tho Sessio: " strange, eventful history," wus counnoncod ot 24 m iitos past cloven, by tho moörrigible Dixomisn uski Holroyd if he had attended to tho punt at ¿.bordeen, how? ' HOLSOYS said "How, first, and punt, at soma futu time." He wos'surprised at Dalgleish usking him to i such dirty work, when ho had got Iiis good clothes 01 besides, be did not seo where was the hurry i lie li received no communication from anybody complaining having lost his lifo there, and till he did, he should n move in the mutter. " That little miscldovous boy," Love, asked "Wilson ho would enquire whether tho gentleman of Flagsti Hill, who was popularly supposed lo bo always "stud big tho stars," had suffered his gaze to be withdrav from " things Celostiul," by making " Terrestrial" .o tracts from tho public reservo to add to his little» " ba garding." .' WILSON soid "YeB, Lovel" 'LUCAS said, " since you are all so affectionate, perlia you won't mind doing something for my pretty-litt Darling Harbour." GOVERNMENT said they could not harbour sui thoughts now, but they would go into it as soon as th could, and perhaps before. . House then began to exchange squeezoB of tho han locks of liair, " cartes de visite," and farewell- comp ments : Ah 1 then and there was hurrying to and fro. And gathering tears, and tremblings of distre*s, And " cheek" all hushed, which but an hour ago - . Was loudly heard each other's eyes to-" bloss I". , And there were sudden paitings, such aa prosa The life from out M.IVs, and choking sighs Which ne'er might bo repeated ; who could guess - If ever more should meet those' idutual." ayes";- ,» By large majorities to pass J EU ll AUXIN'S new "Su plies ?" ,i And there WQB mounting in hot has to ; the steed, . - Tho Governor's carriage, and the escort blue, Gollantly geuerallcd by Inspector Read, , With Kempt and Lovell, and their warriors low, Came " slowly and stately on," by two and two ; And the deep thunder, peal on peal afar, From Fort Macquarie, mingling with the drum, Proclain.ed, like Clown at Christmas, "Hore wo aro I" While thronged our-" senators," in torror dumb, I Or whispering, with white lipB, "They .como! tin como! they como!" , A gentleman, completely attired in a hclrait BU mounted by a horse's tail, having knocked at tbs door : the most " orderly" manner, presented the Governor compliments and au invitation to tho young gontlomon < the Assembly to a " tea and turn-out," in tho Oounc Chambers : .''..'? Mr SPEAEEB having again reviowod his " boyB," tio their collars, applied his pocket haudorchiof to th " noes" where required, and told them generally to pai ticularly mind their " ayes," placed himself at the: head, told Wisdom to go to tho tail, and casting on " longing lingering look behind" on tho scone of so man past glories, sighed out " Ichabod !" and " skedaddled.1 On arriving in the " august presonco" they wore visibl impressed by tho magnificence which dazzled thoir " uri accustomed eyes" and having danced to the lively tuno c "God Save the Queen," in compliance with tho usun court etiquette on such occasions, His Excellency toi thom not tos trouble themselves about standing order: but to sit'down at once. This invitation was im mediately complied with, though in their anxiety to shoi their obedient loyalty, they all triod to occupy tho sam chair, which led to a little temper-&ty; confusion,'anc I Borne Blight contusion, several hon. members losing thoi seats, and other subjects being Irouyht to the ground; bu the Council having carried a Bill through all its stages ii two and a half minutes for a supply of vinegar and brow: paper to those who needed them, to banish tho recollée rion of those "things which told them they were men,' and tho President having asked any mombcr who migh have beon knocked speechless, to bo kind enough to sa; BO, and receiving no roply, told his Excellency that al waB ready to begin, whereupon bis Excellency roso au said : Honorable Gentlemen of tho Legislativo Council, am Honorable Gentlemen of tho Legislative Aasom bly-I beg-pardon for calling you honorabl Gentlemen of tho Assembly, I mean Gent lome: (not Honorable) of tho Assembly. It gives mo great pleasure, as a sincero friend ant well-wisher to the country of my adoption, to release yoi and that countrv from your presont protracted and use less labours for tho public injury. At the close of s Bession of unusual length and dull- ness, it must be a source of great relief so you to feo that bad as things are it is just possible, by tho inscrut ablo decrees of fate, that they might havo boon worse (uot.much though ! and no thanks to you that they ar not.) Though thc rosult of your labours has been an infiniti amount of nothing, it must be a satisfactory reflection t you all that a grateful country gives you full, credit fo having earned precisely tho samo amount, so that an; little " monavcliugs" you may havo received in the cours of your arduous " duties" will be dearer to you view cd ii tho light of a complimentary tributo to your manifolc morita, and by no means as mero pecuniary payaien for talue received. Tlio blatno that you have done what you ought not ti havo done,'and that you have not dono what you pugh to have done, cannot by any possibility bs laid to you doors, but must bo placed to tho credit of human fal libility, bequeathed by our respected deceased ancestor the original ground landlord in Eden. (Of courso I di not alludo to your respected collongue, Mr Egan o Maneroo, nor his forefathers or aunt's sisters).' < In tho midst of theso difficulties, tho zeal and energ; you havo displayed in erecting Parliamentary Gram Stands, giving freo Railway passages to members, ant that hard-worked and poorly-paid section of tho daught- ers of Evo, called in tho vernacular "little bits of muslin,' j tho magnanimity you havo evinced by allowing M.P.s o the sister colonies to " take a drink at tho lar of you: I house" provided they pay for it, and don't tumble dowi on its V floor," the liberality with which you havo cutdowr the salaries of, or discharged, many poorly-paid public sorsants ; the alacrity with which you have-stuck to your own " screws ; the enlightened vio wa which loc you to impose a " ponny tax on knowledge,"-and puff up tho Government Gazette ; and lastly, though not lonatly, tho total absonco of anything like vituperation, abuse, or oven recrimination in your debates,-all these com- bined must result in your names becoming a "shining light to 1 ighton tho Gentiles, and bo tho glory of the people" of N S. Wales, and, I do not doubt, tho first gcnoral eloction will afford you every information as to tho full oxtont of your appreciation by that highly en- lightened community of " universal suffragans." Gentlemen (not Honorable) of tho Assembly : I am very much obliged to-you for tho ample pro- vision you have made for the pecuniary exigencies of tho public Berrico, and if you will kindly add to the favor by giving mo the smallest particle of the ghost of an iota of an idea of how the douco I am to got tho money, I shall not in future regard you as men, but as magicians. Largo reductions havo been nando in tho publie ser vico, I will admit-ono reduction, to a farthing per aunum. being porfeotly sublimo ; but aa by a strict courso of rpading and study of your oharactors in that truo reflex of men and measures entitled, " The Essence of ; Parliament," published in the golden and im- perishable columns of tho immortal Sell, I am convinced that during tho recess you will devote your attention to a practical application of that excellent proverb, that " rotronohmeut," like " charity, begins at home." ? ?? Honorable Gouflouicu of tho Legislativo Council, And . Gontlomon (not honourable) of tho Legislativo Assembly. I The maintenance of tho publio credit is ono of tho first duties of ovory Government, and I am proud to see with what sublime Bolf-sacriftco you havo' carried out thia principio, by your obliviousness of individual credit in tho duties you have propounded during the past session; ' .? . " ' With a view to maintain, unimpaired, the credit of the colony, measures wera submitted to Parliament for that object, and it was not your fault so much na your mis- fortune, that each of tho thousand and ono budgets) pro- posed by our'indefatigable' und eager flaanoial Nestor, failed to hit the " right nail" on tho head. Those measures Parliament has, in its Wisdom, not seen fit td adopt, but I trust, ero you meet again, .you will havo soen tho error of -your "wayfl," and devUo better " means" to chock tho " prossuro from without." _ Tho disustroHS floods which hovo'dovastatod the agri- cultural districts will, I trust, lead to measures being taken to introduco a drier description of wator, not only from the clouds, but also in tho various rivers, lakes, and creoks of this highly favoured bind. ' . \ , In bidding you forowell for a-time, I trust you will, bolmvo yourselves like, gontlomon, and that in your wanderings through tho Globe (whioh has boon newly floored, paperod, nnd painted for tho onjoyment 'of your "otium cum dignitato" by that gallant Knight of tho Spigot, Sir Michael Shalvoy, G.B.W.R.) 'you will con- duct yourselves in a manner to roflect credit (not on, tho slate) to tho country, you sorvo, and the Quouii that.gavo you birth. ' Go, and bloss you nil ! Ton stand prorogued till tho 21st of July next, but should I not seo nny of your faces till tho Millennium, bcliuvo mo that that knowledge wi) not consign me to un carly grave. _ « < His Excellency, who waa visibly atTcctod, wiped his oyes und retirod, after gracefully waving his cooked hat tbrea times. Tho band played tho inspiriting air, "There's nao luck about tho house," ohanging into " Devil take tho hindmost," in the midst of which tho Assembly made a grund stampede to^tho front door, and.thus oiidad tho Parliamentary Session of 1803-1. 