-," . aox T anarAir Y. · ru , Summary for fransmitsion to the United : K fi lidor Indla, n ,dia otll be published at 0am on Saturday, ,'.22nd-' instant, antd il ,ll he forwarded lo addressee sent tlathe ofice in time for posting; -.The' subsbription tl lee shillings per Hx EX N.? .oe. sa= e? vOvn oo..-His •_ng?,flliqgoyu, gs, present at the Midland Agricoln tural Show held at Campbell Towy yletedayl and after the dinner returned to M?io'Vdle, the aeat ob R. Q: Kermode, Esq, The Governor will come on to Launceston on1Monday, and re !. tIr'lhff about' a week. We understand th?t His EnoEllI +ebtleticy will honor the antatal show of the 2Northern Agricultural Society! at Longftorcon 12nad November, with his presence. MAIN LInE or RAILWAY.- At thoe last meeting of the Commitlee held at Hobart Town, Mr. Worley said that although npoe of the gentle men, oexcept himself, who had been appointed to collect subscriptions were present, it might be as well to report the result of his own efflorts in that direction. IHe estimated that there were about 200 heads.of families, shopkeepers, and so forth, r:' tom' whom it would fall within his province to collect. He had in addition to his convaes in that Ssreot travelled up a portion of Liverpool.street, but the subscriptions promised him in that street, he had made over to AMr. Blarrett, and whatever p' .romises he had received from other quarters he would make over to the gentlemen nominated to collect n the several localities. Of the 200 per. sons in Elizabethsatreet, whom he had called on, \- he found about to who were dead against railways, 'I 10 others, and not more who were opposed to the money being paid into the hands of the Execu I: tive, about20 who were perfectly indifferent, men who were doing very well, and did not care about * patting themselves to any inconvenience for the good of the colony, and about 30 who were quite ' .adtablo to contribute anything. Indeed, the dis. ,;,'s trees amongst the small shopkeepers was such as h: could scarcely believe though all these persons were favorable to the railway. From the re matning 120 he scarcely could obtain £100 ut bhe was certain lie could procure 801. from '-.them, and 201. from other source,. If the name interest was felt throughout the colony as was felt ' n Elizabeth-street in the project) ho was certain that in the months of October and November, within which the money must be collected if it was to be obtained at all, the whole 2,0001. could be raised. , . INBOLvNT CouRT.-The only meeting set'down for to-day is a first one in re Charles Allan, of Loogtord, baker. . te... t PROMISCUOUS CONSOnTINo ps PnISONERS Sn EscaRT.-We are glad to hear that steps hlive been taken by the Inspector of Policeo to rectify this habit, to which the attention of the Chairman 1.,. i0of Quarter Sessions was invited at the last sitting l', of the court by Isaac Sherwin, Esq., one of the justcoes present. HOSPITAL AT WVEsTBURY.--We remind 'those interested that a public meeting is to be held at noon on Saturday, at .Ir. Lyall's, jun., West -bury, for the purpose of taking into consideration i t. the propriety of establishing a public hospital at Westbury. 'Tem Youno TROTr AND SALtION.-At the monthly meeting of the Royal Soeiety held at Hobart Town last week the Secretary road some S.renarks from H. Allport, Esq., (who was unable to be present) "On the mortality amongst the :" l'ront at tbo Breeding Ponds of the Plenty."' The deaths were foand to be due to the overcrowding of the fish In the receptacle provided for them, : owing to their number having been originally much under-estimated. When greater space was afforded the mortality ceased at once. From 30 to 40 died; about 220 still remain and are quite healthy. The health of the young salmon is all that can be desired. R'??PORTED Deocovaur oF CoPPan AT NAruvo PolaT.--Within the last low days some Smen brought into town a box-full o(rock supposed to overlay and indicate the preaure f copper,iwhlch they stated they had found at Native Point, near Perth. We understand that the stuff is to be tested in order to ascertain whether it really eon. Stains copper. Tanm Rav. Do. EwIto.-Tho Roev.D r. Ewing has resigned the incumbency of New Town, and will, we presume, he suaceeded! by the Rev, Mr. Quilter, who has officiated at New Town for some time past. A TALL MAN.-A London paper says: , -"A few mornings ago a man of gentleman-like appearance, at least 81 feet high, stout, andi well proportioned, walked along Fleet-street nod the Strand, in company with another gentleman, who, although a tall man, looked like a pigmy beside his friend, Hundreds of men and boys followed the tall gentleman along his route, who appeared to be completely uudisturbed by the eagerness with which he was stared at and commented upon, and chatted calmly with his friend as he passed along the public thoroughlares. Tnoors outt New ZEALAND.-Itn addi tion to the detachment of non-commissoned ofilH :'.core and men of tie Royal Engineers selected for :, New Zealand, a lurther number of Sappers and Minors have boer selected from the conipainles at headquarters, Chatham, in accordance with in structions from the lnorse Guards, and placed under orders to embark for the colony as soon as ." the necessary amount of tomnnge has been taken up for them by the Governmout.--lome N'ews, August 20 .' CO?AP TnAvnttL?o.-On Motiday the farme by Poole's coach were reduced as. follows:-To or ,.:ronmDiloraioe, Sa;' WVesttliry,'4s Hagley, s2. 'Od? Itil. l tiosskeii oioretereece toIsur adver. I'tfsis colu sI tiat siece then, Speaemon &Esast; have reduced their foren stlU:il wdr than tse above. BOARD OP EDUoATION. t At the weekly meeting on Monday, the Itisp?otor's report on an appliestion'for a school house at George Town wias read, entering into details on the subject. The report wds confirined." WosTabnn AOnIOULTUOnAL1 AssO0rArION:-. .Thloianntall ineotiglof i thl?b Assoelit~on, tkies 'plaee~.at thei Bush Iotj' Deloralne, to-morrosy (Friday) at naon. u, I; i r " ;DxrLoa~NE.ex PAn?oNAE,-It ois notified in, our,sdvertilsngoaoltntutithat ihe time for re Cliving tenders for. the erection of a parsonage house at Deloraino is oxtended until next Wed nedpy . I .,oc -: I, WHAT MAY HAPPEN TO A POLICE OFFICER IN TASMANIA.-Under this heading Mr. Thomas Tutton the superintendont of Police in the Rich mond Municipality, has addressed a letter to the H, T. Mercury. He says ;-SIR,-Will you allow me through the medium of your journal the opportu nity of stating my case, for the benefit of my brother police officers in Tasmania. The govern ment have published a Crime report, by authority, signed by J.Forster, Inspector of Police, and printed at the Government Printing Office, for the information of police officers throughout the island, and through which mnedium nearly 500 criminals are arrested every year. In the num ber dated October 9th, 1863, will be found a paragraph stating that a warrant had been issued by A. B. Jones, Esq., S. M., Hobart Town, and was in the office of the Inspector of Police, for the arrest of John Skinner, giving descriptions, and stating that he was supposed to have gone into the Richmond district. Upon the authority of the Crime Report as a Government Gazette I authorised one of my constables to arrest the said J. Skinner. When he was brought before the Police Magistrate, Hobart Town, it was found that an error had occurred in the Inspector of Police Office (where the Crime Report is compiled) and that no warrant had been issued, but had merely been intended to be ; a summons had been substituted, upon which Skinner was fined £2, or in default one month's imprisonment. Now comes the part affecting myself. An action was brought against me by Skinner for false imprisonment at the last sitting of the Supreme Court, and he obtained £5 damages, costs, expenses, &c.;, amounting to about £70. The Government have refused to pay the amount; and as an execution was out against me, and not having the money to pay, I sought protection of the Insolvent Court on 11th inst., and gave up all my effects to the provisional assignee. The attorney, being baulked, I suppose, in getting all his costs, obtained (notwithstanding the declara tion of my insolvency) a ca. sa,. and has confined me in Reidy's Hotel (i.e., the Hobart Town gaol), on the ground, I imagine, of having obtained a judgment in a case of malicious prosecution. By this you see that a police officer is liable not only to lose all his personal goods, but to be torn from his family, incarcerated in a gaol with felons, and for what crime ? Doing his duty. This is the doctrine ot the present Government; they will not pay for their own laches, but make the inno cent suffer for their errors." DISo?ASE COMMUNICATED soy WonRKeN BULLOCKS.--Thlo Dilgee Liberal says:--Thero is now in our hospital a lad suffering from paralysis of the legs. When first admitted, lie could move only' with great difficulty, but, under the care of Dr. King, he is recovering. It appears that this young man, with two others, was driving a team or teams of bullocks from the Castlereagh district the bullocks were diseased, and when they reached Cobbora, one of the young men was sno affected by a similar disease, that he died, and the young man now in the hospital was taken -very ill, the disease developing itself in the manner described. News was received in Mludgee this week that the third man had died from a similar complaint. The disease is supposed to have been conmmunicated by the men inhaling the breath of the bullocks while yoking them op Several other men in the Mudgeo hospital, at different times, have also been affected with a disease similar to pleuropneumnonia, but all have recovered. Tiee JAPANoESE AMBASSADORS RETURN Isa HFl--a.-Th' following is nn extract from a letter, dated Alexandria, by MIr. Thomas Geord, of London, on his way to Australia for a short visit:-" We have had a delightful trip from Marseilles, the pleasure of which has been much enhanced by our agreeable intercourse with the Japanese on board. They are about' thirty in number, consisting of first, second, nnd third Am bassadors, intlerpreters, various officers, and ser vants.:'They are very amiable, particularly intel ligent, and remarkably inquisitive. They seek information onl every conceivable topic, and are never satisfied till they thoroughly enderstand what they are inquiring about. Many of them speak English fluently, and seem ;to regret ex tremely that they have not been able to visit a country of which they had heard so much. They fully intend to see England next ydar. They do not seem to have been very favorably' impressed with the French character, thinking it light, and f frivolous, and thoughtless ; as otherp do: who live' far away front Japan. That the Jaipaueee would fraternise with the English, I have not the smallest doubt I and I nm convinced that a more Sintimate acquaintance with those Interesting and btsiness-like people would obviatethe inecessilty for our battering down their cities on_ any. sllght provocation' Of their religiouts views I can gither very little. hey belloeve in-a supreme Ruler of the universe, pod worship Him reverently; but have no knowledge of the plan of saivation as we understand it. There ýs.o fle field for our Intel. I lgeut misslonaries who cond addreas: them In, the SJapanese iangosge, and tam sure tlihey may rely on obtaining eoger and devout listeners:' "A 'ShoitifdWi Wiir...- King Wililitti of WVrlemberg hae llafef 'a ather ;curious will. "Having hated earemonynial my life," he says in one of tbehseven brief parngrapits of which tl!i, document consists, ' I-will not ilienl stal'tafter death, and be: gaped at by 'slghtnlteestlatti'd'tho dlovers ofetiquette. I beg pardnn eofidleris fnt robbing tliem of a capital-opportunity of looking at vain and unimeanlng cereoonies.' My corpse I is to be bnrldd in the presonce only yf ny chap. lain, my chamberlain, and the adjutmnt d Jour,. 0My guard will do no thb favor to ?ntply anesecort for the coffin on its. wayrto- Rothenberg. The funeral ear is to leave the Palace at bight, to ar. rive at Rothenberg with the first rayi of the sun. A siogie gun in.to be fired at the termination of the funeral." ' "" : , Tsoa SoGnOitEMRTI.---Tho rollpwing is a genouine'cipy ol a bill madotou't'by bao ostler of a coluntry inn' Sistie-rsetabire t-Afttetheohos (Iay, for the horse); l:d ;' 'elininhosnsa (clecassing horse and chaise), 4d; brilio'nimomigin (brlnG. Ing hIim home again), d ; total, Is Id, HANDitL AND Dn. GRnaan,-Dr. Maurice Greene, whose compostilons, whether for the church or the chamber, were 'never rentarka bly mellflliaous, hnving salloited Ioandel's perosnl and opinion of a solo anthem, which he had just finished, was invited by the great German to lake hil.coffeo with him the next morning, when he,woald say .what he thought of.it. ,The doctor was pnoctual, in his attendance, the coffee was. served, and a variety of topics discussed; but not a wold was said concerning the composition. At length ,Greene, whose patience was exhausted, said, titheagerneas, and an anxiety whlchbo could no -longer conceal, "Waoll, sir, but 'my an them-what do you think of it P" "Oh, your an tum-.ah-why I did tink it vanted air, Dr. Greene." : !'Air, air P' " Yes, air; and so I did hang it out of de vindow." Bueeosoan HoAx.-Tho Journal de iouen mentions a singular hoax that has just been played off in that town. A rumor was put into circulation that in coining the two sons plaeces of the year 1852 a quantity of gold had been acci dentally mixed with the copper, and refiners were bayingop those coins at 20 and 30 centimes each, In order to extract the precious metal from them. A general search for the pieces hearing that d'te was in consequence maule by the small dealers, through whose hands n quantity of cop per money passes, and some went so fur as to purchase from their neighbors the 1852 decines, at 15 and 18 cenrimes each, with tile intention of obtaining a profit of the difference between lthat price and the rate said to be paid for them by the metallurgists. Unforttnately all the effllor to find out the persons who really did give 20 and 80 centimes each for those piecesproved Iruilless, and the speculating collectors learned to their cost that ile two suons colas of 1852 do not contain gold any more than those of other years. WAattINo TON InvlNo'a DEATc.--On No vember tile 28th, 1859, on retiring for the night, at half-past ten, his niece, Sarah, who always took charge of his medicines, went into his room to place them, as usual, within easy reach. "W\ell," he exclaimed, "I must arrange my pillows for another weary night I" And then, as if half to himself, "If this could only end l" or, "\VWhee will this end ?" she could not tell which; for, at the instant, lie gave a slight exclamation as if of pain, pressing hiis haud on hIls left side, re pealed the exclamation and the pressure, caughlt at tihe footboard of theo bed, and fell backward to the floor. The sound of his fall, and the screams of Sarah brought the whole family in an instant to his room. I raised his head in my arm. Every means were resorted to, to recall animation, and continued, until a physician-Dr. Carruthers, from a distance of two miles- arrived, who pro nouanced life entirely extinct. IIe had passed away instnntancoasly. Tihe end for which lie hadI just been sighing-the end which to him had no terrors--hnd come. Ilsi departure was sudden, but so iho was willing it should be. In the ful ness of years, with unclouded intellect, crowned with the warmest allfections of his countrymen, and with ani assured hope oa a happy immortality, le had gone daown, according to his own pathelio aspiration, " with all sail set." Who that lovedl himl would have wished to recall him P-Irving's Life; by his Nephew. 'low TO DEsTnoY Comn WxEVILS.L-Th Courier de la Drome 'gives an account of a new method for destroying weevils, all the plans hitherto adopted for that purpose having proved fruitless. The calculation las that in France one tenth of the crops of corn is destroyed by those insects, the mischief being caused by them not when they have attained their fall growth-for then they do not eat the grain-but when in a state of Iarvm. The newo destructive process con asits in attracting the females to deposit their eggs in the same spot, instead of oia the grains of corn ; and a sort of hive of the eggs is so formed, which eni be destroyed at pleasure with all the larvm they contain. The moda of proceeding consists in placing at certain distances in the corn-loft pieces of fermented dough, having a semi- sperical form and partly hollow. Io the course of a few hours tile pieces may be removed, when they will be found literally covered with the insects; and if the dough be examined with a microscope, a vast number of eggs willbe seen on them. Five sons' worth of this paste will suffice to destroy nil the larvm in a place containing 110 quintals (224} lbs. each) of corn. ExTnrAOneDNAnY PECULnARnTY.-TliT Paris correspondent of a contemporary assorts that he has just read a calions and authentic account of the die'isissal from the French army, as " unfitted for service," of a young man who had " pano phobia." This extraordinary youth could not swallow bread, or indeed any farlnaceous food, which, if forcibly or secretly administered, pro doced the effect of poison. Ile lived on rations of meat and potatoes, but tihe army doctors de clared he was "afflicted with an involuntary in. tolerance of the organs incompatible with mill tary service," acid so he got his dischargo. DRaWvNO IT STnoNo.- A block of houses was recently burned in San Francisco, and the ro. porter relates the circumstance in a long column of matter. As a specimen of penny-a- lining we give the following:-" Fierce tongues of ilame reached out and licked the front oel the block on 'Davie-street, as an anaconda licks a kid before swallowing it, or as a tiger mouths a mall. Tile conflagration shone out agaiust the dark back. ground like the kindling of a thousand battle lights. Far out on the bay It cast its glare, show ing the masts of the shipping at alwharl and at an chor, standing like tapers ready to he lit, and throwini a reflection on the slenting sides of the bills which made them look like sheeted ghosts trembling In the dawn of a red dies iroe." Tus BEwzrTCED MAoPIe.-An. old wo man of Brusels, says a journal of that capital, was in the habit of refusing invitations with the an swer of ' I'miso ill." A' magple 'which the old lady kept caught the phrase, from hearing it so frequenty, and ut:ered it whnoever-At'saw' a' saranger. A'thort time ago, the oldlady' died, and the magplo , having no alonger a ,protetor, strayed Into the fields, where' It fared so badlyas to be worn almost to'a skeleton. In iltis stale' it was foend y.a iponsaot, who takindgit ep,'and perceiving that It was mere akin.and bone; cx eilimed; "Pooer tll?g,hb ltln you.are," upon which'the bird" cried'la' 'piteous tone, "I'm so l.II" :The peasait took the lsheelslu alarm : and on arrividtg at. the village, declared that he had seen the devil in the form of a magpie. SVEiiAL .AND FTI Fo P aaOSPHOcIaEcNsaR OF 'n' STit '-- Tl'he'wlile was. not puirsued y the C hienta's 500 years ago'wboles abounded In every aon. ".The great'demnod for oil and whalebone of late years, however, has caused sachl destruction of whales that they'are dlssappeariog fromn numerous partsoftbe ocean. 'They were once numerous in the Mediterranean, but are so no longer. They live on soft gelalnuous molluscs, in which the sea aboaide, which must'havo increased enormously, owingto the destruction of whales. It is to thhein. erease of these smal.olrgnismsn that the phos pboresceneeof the Mediteorraubna Sea is attributed. -American Paper. Tentu ON'e " Enoour Anneia."-Tho prin. oipal poem, which will very likely give. its title to the volume, "Enoch Arden," tells the touching story of the return of a mariner long supposed to have been lost at sea. He comes back un heralded and alone, and, looking by night into his cottago window, finds his old love married to another hushand, and happy in'her new ties and duties. He determines not to break up this happy home, where there Is no place for him, and goes' away without revealing himself. This Is a story fll of the elements of home love and ten derness and pity, whilch Tensyson can wield so well. There is another story of rustic Lincolu shire life, with porsoonges and dialect taken from .the life; the beautiful poem of "The Grand. mother," reprinted from Once a Week; the " Sea Story," from Macmillan; and, I presume, the " Bodice" and "Tithonus"--the latter a reprint from the Cornhill; the former long sinoe written, but not published till now. "Idylls of, the Hearth" was the title originally chosen, and It is, not quite certain, I believe, that it may not, be adhered to, after all, Instead of" Enoch AA'rde.'I -Moanchster Guardian. A NEw Loorrr.-Tho .lfehanics' .llagazine. describes the magnoalom light as follows :""A very thin magnesium wire will give off, in boro.' ing, as much light as a very powerful eleotriol light, is soft and diffusive, and does not in the least dazzle or pain the eyes. It is moreover;of' the purest white, so that all colors, even to tile mrost delicate tints, are seen in it as perfectll an in sunlight, wlhile a magnesium lamp has over both the electric lamp and gas light theadvantngbo that it cant be carried about as readily as a candle:o A still greater advanlnge--oe,' indeed, rof; im-' portance-which the magnesium light:has alike. over gas and any other kind of oil lamps or of candles, consists in the circumstlance that magno sium, in undergoing combustion, gives. off no deleterious vapors, nor, indeed, vapors of' any kind. Instead of its burning, as gas candles nod' oil do, into aqueous vapor a cat bonic. acid,- with a: greater or less admixture of sulphuretted hydrogen, and otler furniturp-destroying, plnte:tarnishing, and health- injuring compounds, the only 'iroduet of the combustion of magnesium is a harmless solid, oxide of magnesium, or magnesia. `All this" points to tire magnesium light being lkoely' to come extensively into domestic use,: while- its great brilliancy would seem to render it eminently adapted for use in lighthouses. In alil probably its price will not long bho an obstacle to either of those two applications of it ; for even now, while the manufacture of magnesium is not three months old, the light from magnesium is but little more costly, quantity for quantity, than that from ' composite' candles, seeing that 2)oz. of magno sium will give forth, during combustion h's much light as 20lb. of tihe best stearine." M t. BAnuoAG, as is w'ell-known is one of tile mathematicians who, at a very early age, determined to introduce the continental language of mathematics into Cambridge, and succeeded in doing it. The origin of the movement is rather whimsical. Seeing a placard against 'circulating the Bible with notes, which protested against 'ht tempting to mood what is already perfect, Mr. Babbage made a parody, on tile principle that La croix's work on the calculus was perfect, and that the foreign language ought to be used,.and :al others, held heretical. Saome friends laughed at this, and then proposed seriously to form a society.. for the cultivation of the foreign mathematich. The members were Babbage, Ilerschol, Ponacockt D'Arblhy (son of Fanny Burney), Ryan (Sir E ), Robinson (now master of the Temple), F. Mlaule (younger brother of the Judge) and others. They called themselves the " Analytical Society," and actually published a volume of memoirs. The dons lhad sneered, and had darkly represented the society as composed of young infidels, so Babb ige. proposed that the title sbloId be "The principles of pure D-ism in opposition to the Dot;-ge'of the Univcrsity.' Some readers may not be aware that one of the great points of difference was that the foreign language used a d whlior the whole language had a dot placed over another letter. This was a good joke, and, no doubt, effective. It was of course not seriously adopted; but it it most have helped to laugh down opposition. MADEMOISELLE PrccoL.o?n ?.-It may be fairly said, without detracting from Mdlle. Piccolomini's merits, that a certain portion of the excitement which sho created 'on her first appearance may be attributed to the romance which seignalised her operatic career. The descendant of a noble Italian family, which lad given popes, cardinals, generate, and statesmen fto ler native conntry ; the child of a race so often illustrated in history; living in right of her name, her title, and her family connections, in tile first Italian society of Rome and Frauce, she had from her earliest childhood cotceiveod irresistible longings, augmenting with years, to devote herself to the public profession. of that art she felt within her, and which seemed to point out the course of her destiny. Private life grew more and more wearisome, because almost impossible to bear, as these aspirations strength. ened with her advanceIto womanhood. So urgent was the Ineessant importunity of little Marietta Piceolomlui, that her parents were obliged at last to yield a reluctant consent to her uppearance on the operatic stage Her youth, her vivacity, her piquanfe grace, ensured her a favorable reception, ovet.as a novice. Her fame soon increased; in Florence, Rome, and Turin, she was welcomed'as the spoiled child of the public. In the : Traviata, more especially, her success was enthusiastic. On many occasions lier ardent admirers would have dragged her car I riage home, had not the spirited girl herself pro tested against. suno mistaken homage, or escaped by a ruse from so doubtful a triumph.-Lnmeley'e Reminiscences of the Opera. D rAT?nor MA?nAerTAa.-Thto Now York correspondent of the Specttlon says :---" Malan hattan,'-:the Now .York correspondent of the Standard; is'dead. Ills name was Joseph F. ScovIlle, his age 50 years. Whenoh a very young man he was for a abort timeo private secretary to JobhiC. Calhoun, the South Carolina nulliirfr, and tho most prominent celampion of slavery in the United'States. .But for the greater part of. "Manhattnn's" . life he was one of- the lowest political ," loafers'" of Noew York. At one time he published an oabascene paper, which was sup-' pressed by the police. tie was also a reporter and writer for the New York lerald. His novel, ' Marlon," on .its appearance in New York, was so quiokly and quietly suppressed as an indecent publication, that its existence would have been hardly known here except for tie cobdomualion which it received,in the London papers, whods comments upon it as a ropresentation, at least in a measure, of Neow York society, -were sulti elcntly amnusing. SENOlUs STATUARY DIltniBDe - Atn Americaitn missimary writes that, in the city of Kaolpoor. in India, in which the first Christian, church has been just erected, "the statue of Lord -Cornwallis in the Townhall is worshipped by 'tlle ignoraint .clases of . lindoos with .as- uuottll revereuce as is paid by tibem: to the images' of mram or Shive. Ties superotitions practice Ileas lately exlended itself to the Mahommedans. The worshippers are nmostly women." 