fe _PAIIT IBBTJB. MONDAY, 28TH MARCH, 1864. THE NEW MINING LAW. WK purpose in this article to deal with the proposed code of bylaws which forms a part of the " Mining Statute "jost published in the chrysalis or "bill" form for discussion by ¡ the legislature and the public. Toe code is divided into two parts besides the attached series of schedules referred to in the «ode. i The first part » headed w Behttmgto interests held under miner's-rights Hand business licen- ses generali j," and consists of 61 clauses. The second P«t ie beade4 "Relating to the registry of interests held under mmerVrigfats and business licenses generally," and «insists, of 31 clauses. The code classifies alluvial mining claims under three heads, namely, "underground, surface,and creek mining," besides which quartz claims are distinguished from alluvial claims. This classification, however, is free from the exploded vice restricting rights within claims, the holder oí any claim being declared in clause 14 to be entitled " to au the gold within the limits thereof, whether in the same or different leads, reefs, or other depositories of gold." All the words after " thereof" may be mere surplusage perhaps,* yet they may forestall quibbles, and if so are not altogether valueless. The third clause is as follows: 3\. Underground mining shall comprehend all nuning where the gold shall be obtained by sinking to and working at any depth below the surface. - In such mining the size of claims shall be regulated as follows ¿-When the depth to which it shall be neces- sary to sink for the purpose of reaching the lead or principal depository of gold in the ground upon which the claim is about to be occupied shall be any nember of feet from one to forty inclusive, the daim may be an area of such ground of any extent not exceeding fifty feet by fifty feet for each vi any number of persons not exceeding four, who shall be respectively owners of miner's-rights. When each depth shall be any number of feet irom and exclusive af forty to and exclusive of one hun- dred, the claim may be an area of any extent not exceeding one acre, at the rate of one quarter of ah acre for every miner's-right, which the person or persons about to occupy the claim shall hold. When such depth shall be any number of feet from abd exclusive of one hundred to and inclusive ol two hundred, the claim may be an area of any extent not exceeding ten acres, at the rate of one half of an acre for every miner's-right which thc person or penóos about to occupy the claim shall hold. When such depth shall he any number ol feet more than two hundred the claim may be an area of any extent not exceeding twenty acres, at thc rate of one half of an acre far every minerVrighl which the person or persons about to occupy the claim shall hold. We confess that we cannot perceive very clearly what principle has been adopted io the above allocation of claims. In the firsl place, instead of making " a claim to be foi any number of persons not exceeding four,' and so on, it seems to us that it would bc mach better to make the unit of measuremeni the area which may be held under one miner's' risht as was adopted some time ago by thc Ballarat Mining Board. That is a simple intelligible principle, and is certainly les* fraught with the inscrutable as to value thai the not very lucid propositions in the clausi in question. Why ground 100 feet deej should be in "claims of any area not exceed' mg one acre at the rate of ¿ quarter acre for each miner's - right," and whj ground between 100 and 200 feet should bi in claims of 10 acres, and ground of greatei depth in claims of 20 acres, but the las two with only the same area for each miner's right, is a problem we find a difficulty ii solving. We wait in hope of hearing M: Sullivan, or some other authority, ezplaii the apparently inexplicable. It is trae tba in a subsequent clause a unit of measurement for the purpose of a rather wonderful procès of computation of interests held by any Uti gant, is defined to be that area which may be hell under one miner's-right, and it would simplify calculations if the same were made a claim. Bu in connection with areas why is this apparen limitation to 1, 10, and 20 acre blocks ? I there any peculiar virtue is such s limitatif of minino; adventure, or does the author o the code mean to grant unlimited powers o " amalgamation?" It seems to us that M I Sullivan has admitted into his code the ol vice of interference with the free exercise o enterprise, and this is wrong save as far a restriction is essential to bona fide use o ground held ; while instead of the abolitio of the miner's-right we have all th evils of that element of title multiplie indefinitely. In clause 17, v.t:g*xL± £« land held or claimed by otheiB " in excesS can succeed unless he has', first made out sort of account of his interests already hele au impossible thing in practice, and one tut would require an army of actuaries to wor out satisfactorily, to say nothing of the ii convenience and practical impossibility < collecting evidence from, it may be, all par of the colony. If this principle of limitio the occupancy of land to the number i miner's-rights held is to be adopted, it woul be better to devise some plan of making s mining grounds into leaseholds. The grounc might be classified, as in this code or i some other way, and an acreage value fixe to be paid every year to the registrar instes of paying for a miner's-right or an indéfini number of miner's-rights every year. If miner took up a claim and gave it up, h rent-receipt should go to his credit in takir up a fresh area during the current yea For election and litigant purposes a ren receipt for the current year might serve ju as well as a miner's-right, and the loss of receipt should be reparable on payment a given fee for a duplicate. The 44th clau prohibits forfeiture until tbe miner has fir been twice fined for not working his claie but no provision is made for prosecution the non-worker, though the fines are go to "the use of Her Majesty." Clause' provides for the assessment of the value works on abandoned ground, such value to paid before the ground is taken up by otb than the abandoners. This will not alwa work well, and we perceive that in clause i the warden is empowered to declare aba donment without provision being made i an assessment of value, so that the dil cul ty is obviated in some cases, as, for i stance, when no previous owner can be foui The 49th clause makes the warden in foti the granter of protection orders for grou held in reserve. The 51st clause susnerj the operation of the "efficient working clauses in the event of death, lunacy, &c;, when, in the not very accurate language the clause, the suspension of work is " oc< (doned" by those causes. The 52nd clat provides for the reversion to a company any share relinquished by a member of I company, bat that may lead to collusion in i taking np ol claims by " dummies," a thi to be guarded against if the restrictive pr ciple of this code is of any virtue. JUG Bogers will want to know what the 5< clause means by ordering that reside! areas shall be - not less than one hundí yards from the "centre" of the neat street. To us the clause seems to be abs« We have heard it said that a man cannot anywhere in England where he would bi balf-score of miles from a pig trongb, a this may be as true of the land Mr Salli bails from, but it is certain that man; miner in Victoria may wish to have a reside area where there may be no "street", wit many a mile. The 60th clause prov« very properly, for the due observance sanitary proprieties within areas held residence. The 61st clause provides that transfer nor agreement touching a min interest shall be valid if the interest be registered, but registration is no part of original title to a claim, the putting in of i posts being the only taking np required by the 13th clause the holding of a euffic number of miner's-rights and the effie working of a claim 116010;, however, necest to secure the holding. Of course the pract operation of the 61st clause will render re tration all but universal. Under the h "Registry of Interests" it is provided < there Bb.aU be a central registry office for registration of duplicate titles, the cen registrar, however, acting as ordit divisional registrar for die division in wi bis office is located. The 7th clause à folio»» " --"^ 7\. Every divisional registrar .hau, immeii *flx hmty ""9 "fityt transmit * < i».- :. ._;__.¡¿. ,_.. thereof to the central registry office, and -the dis- J trict rcgUtrar shaU tbrtíiwttli,im the neeipt títere-: oí, rater a copy thereof w the book which andi be provided for him for the porpoise in anch manner as tile said minister shall direc^andhe shall, on having himself effected any registry Soc his own division, enter a like copy thereof in the sams book in the manner aforesaid. -: ? This is clearly an impracticable clause that is if "immediately after" is tobe read as j ordinary English is read; and die Minister of Mines «ill not supply an ; indefinite number I of Padra .qualified to throw an indefinite number of girdles round about tbe districts in we do noe know how many times repeated , forty minutes. The complier of the code j must surely have been in a "midsummer night's dream" when he conceived the idea j of every registration being " immediately i after" bundled off ts the central registrar. Why, all the locomotive faculties of a forty Minister of Mines power of travelling could not supply the ability to fulfil the require- ments of a clause of this sort, and its palpa- ble absurdity must render it utterly inopera- tive. The only way to carry it out would be for the central office to be also an electric ' telegraph office with sub-offices in the divi- sions, each registrar being schooled to the adroit manipulation of the apparatus. Clauses 15 and 16 provide for the " registration of com- panies," but nothing, is said as to whether or j not euch registered companies are to transfer , inter se, or whether every transfer of shares or parts of shares is still to be done by the registrar. The remaining clauses refer to details of registration of transfer, encum- brances, and so forth, by principals and agents. The word " tenement" throughout the code means, not a house, but a claim or any interest held under the miner's right. This explanation may be necessary to some of our readers who may not have a law dic- tionary at their elbows, the more as the term is new in our mining legislation. H EWS AMD BOTES. Good Friday was a fine day after some heavy morning mists had cleared off, and the day wai 1 marked by the customary religious and holiday ob- servances. The excursion fares brought a good many visitors too, and took a great many from Bal- j lani during Friday and Saturday; and this, with 1 the starting of the volunteers for Sunbury, gave an unusual appearance of bustle to the railway ter- j minus. In tho town, the streets wore a Sunday look as to the closed shops, and in some sort also as to the open churches; but the going to and fro of noli- : j day folk lent a holiday look to the town which is not common on Sundays. We report elsewhere thc I proceedings connected with the Wesleyan Sunday ! school anniversary, which took place on Good Fri ; day. At St Patrick's Church, in Sturt street, th» usual devotions for the day were celebrated, the Ber. Father Power preaching the Passion sermon in the evening, after the lentbro, from the text " Wai ever sorrow like unto His sor- row ?" The sermon wag impressive both in matter and manner, and the service, as also the whole series of services at the church in question lately, was numerously attended. At St. Paul's Church, the Very Rev Dean Macartney preached in I the morning to a good congregation. At the Welsh Church, services were held in the evening, and in the hall of the Mechanics* Institute there was performance of the " Messiah," which we report elsewhere. During the day, a number of children belonging to the Echool of the Presbyterian Church | of St. John, had a picnic in the Botanical Reserve, where also many adult parties had their rendezvous for holiday purposes. The children's picnic was a ] right merry afiair, and will not soon be forgotten by the little folk who were there. A Chinese child was one of the guests, and this novelty was of | course one of the rememfaerable facts of the gather- ing. Private picnics were the order, of the day in all directions in the suburbs, and the tide his upliTnro heen more thoroughly, a holiday kept one ] -inthis place. Saturday was a sort of compromise 1 between business and holiday keeping. The shops ! were open, but offices of most sorts were closed, as also the courts, and there was an evident mixture j f work and play everywhere about the town. On Good Friday and Saturday drafts from the Ballarat and Creswick Companies of the Rifle Ran- gers, as also a portion of the Cavalry troop, proceeded 1 to the Sunbury encampment. Sergeants Sleep and Keatch had charge of the rifles that left on Saturday. The return match between the Ballarat and East Melbourne Clubs will be played to-day on the Balla- rat ground, the elevens being 8S nearly as possible the same as before. A shilling entrance fee will be charged at the gates, and the match will be one cheaply seen at that price, for the sides are strong and well matched. The following is a list of the re- spective teams.-East Melbourne Eleven-Messrs M'Pherson, Tait, D. Wilkie, A. Hope, - Camp- j bell. Phillips, Yewers, Plummer, J. Wilkie, Rainey, j O'Brien, Greaves umpire; L. S. Phillips, scorer. The Ballarat Eleven will be chosen from the follow- ing :-Messrs Sweeney, Wills, ' Horres, Redfern, Goujon, Oldham, Phillips, H. Smith, Neap, Robinson, Murray, Cox, Braithwaite, Wallace; ampire, not ; fixed; E. J. Lewis, (V.P.), scorer. Some time during Saturday evening the residence of Levi Barges ot Canadian Gully, was broken into and robbed of a quantity ot clothing valued at four | pounds. The Ballarat Cricket Club has concluded an en- gagement with the English Eleven for a three days tournament. The admission fee will be fixed at one shilling, which moderate figure we doubt not will make the speculation a very safe one. On the third day, it is intended to get up a running match be- tween Meters Tarrant and Mount. OQ Saturday morning Dr Glendinning held an in- quest oo. the body of the infant child oí Jane Nixon, of Sawpit Gully, Ballarat East, whose death was caused by congestion of the brain, brought on by and during a protracted labor. Mr Richard Buuce, 1 surgeon, afforded the medical evidence. On Satnrday morning, while the workmen at the ' new post-office were engaged in lifting one of the 1 masses of bluestone now being used in the lower j course of the Sturt street frontage, the sustaining chain of the crane gave way, and the beam fell to the ground. One of the workmen named Kendal was injured in the head by the chain, but we believe not | seriously. Henry Carrick, a resident in Victoria street, Bal- larat, died on Wednesday last of congestion of the 1 longs, arising from severe and extensive disease of I the heart. The deceased was aged thirty-two years, ! and a native of Killaloe, Ireland. On Friday, an j inquest was held on the body by Dr Glendinning, at ! which the jury returned a verdict that Carrick had died from natural causes. Mr Nicholson, M.R.C.&, | deposed that about ten days ago he found the heart of the deceased much hypertropied, conjoined with i dilatation of the ventricle. Witness gave him to i understand that his disease was incurable, and pre- ! scribed for him, but never saw bim again alive. Mr Dyte, J.P., attended at the Eastern Police Court on Saturday, and disposed of the following cases:-George Harper, brought up for stabbing one William Wagner on the 25th inst., with intent to do bim grievous bodily harm, was remanded until Mon- I day {this day). Both men are cooks at the Earl of J Zetland Hotel, and they bad some .dispute together j when the knife was used. Wagner waa wounded in [ the groin, but it is thought not seriously.-Mary Sanders, brought up for using obscene language, was cautioned and discharged. Mary Lever, taken into custody for lunacy, waa remanded for medical enquiry. The members of the Borough Council of Smythes- dale (writes our local correspondent) have, with the exception of Councillor Harris agreed to let "by- gones ba bygones," and proceed, with the municipal business instead of, ms has hitherto been too much the case, using their official positions as a means of exhibiting party spleen. Tue late town derk bas "been re-instated in bis office, and although I am not aware of the terms cf ^compromise,it is believed that each[ party baa agreed to make concessions. -CoonçiUor Harris complains that the «rapronúse wai made wRhonteoosulting bira; «nd hu sailed a .milting of the ratepayers in order u> explain and tt^theu-pfdnhmoftqa It ia ti» earnest hope of -the inhabitants that the civic broils of Smythesdale are now done with tat ever. On Thursday the meeting of the Borough Council of Browns and Scarsdale lapsed' for want of a quorum, the only members present being the Mayor and Councillors Cashmore, Jackson, and M'Lean. The Charlie Napier Theatre was attended on Saturday night by a rather small audience, though a larger one than has often patranised the current series Of performances. On thia occasion the melo- drama, "Susan Hooley," was performed,and it was held ont as a great, and in fact extraordinary attrac- tion, that the lugubrious piece would be made still more horrible by the presentation of ghost iilosionj prepared by Professor Ferring. The ghosts, how- ever, we may compliment as Hamlet did bis father's, for they were far too honest ghosts to effect any de- ception upon anybody whose eyes were of ordinary dearness of perception. They were simply tableaux vivant* upon which light was reflected from beneath, the intervention of an opaque substance between the light and the figures causing the " fading away," aa it may be imaginatively called, of the " ghosts." There was also a skeleton ghost, bat this was simi- larly managed, for although the ghost appeared slightly heterodox in some points of its anatomy, it was as honest as any of the others, «nd .was really very mach like B human skeleton. Of the playing it is enough to say that all the players were st home in their parts, and played .with remarkable aelf posaession for the most part. Mrs Searle, as Susan, j was never extravagant, bat always quiet and natura!, while Mr Warde, as William, seemed to have re- covered his old capacity for rant in having returned to one of his old histrionic haunts. He was absurdly noisy on several occasions, and this is the more un- pardonable because that gentleman has for a long time proved that he koowa better. Mr Wigan was very good, and the play generally was well received. Professor Perring's "doud phantoms" dosed the programme. This evening the same entertainments will be repeated. The anniversary of the Wesleyan Church, Kings- ton, waa celebrated there on Good Friday. A tea meeting was held and the tables most liberally sup- plied with every delicacy by Mesdames Fletcher, Morrish, Clark, Paige, and Eales. After tea, a public meeting was held (Mr Thomas Cooper, mayoi Of Creswick, occupying the chair) and a very favor- able report of the progress of the church during th« past year was read. Addresses were delivered bj the Eev. Mr King and Messrs Jebb, Craig, Allison Eales, and Jennings. A vote of thanks to the ladiei and the chairman con duded the proceedings. The Band of Hope Company, Little Bendigo obtained 61 oz 1 li dwt of gold from three and a-hal days1 croshicg last week; and the Iiittle Bendigi Company 100 oz 4 dwt of gold from fire dayi crushing. Dividends of £40 by the Koh-i-noor Company and of £28 by the Great Extended Company wer reported on Saturday, but we had no official infoi (nation from either company. About midday on Saturday, Elizabeth Mutime: aged fifteen months, the child of William and Eliza beth Mutimer, of Inkermann Hill, Ballarat, fell, bea foremost, into a large tab of water standing on tb outside of her parents' honse whilst her mothe was engaged in washing clothes within. Whe discovered the child's body was quite warm, but a' efforts at resuscitation proved fruitless. A few hom afterwards, Dr Glendinning held an inquest on tl remains, when the jury returned a verdict in accori ance with the evidence. At the Clones Police Court, on Friday, Micha Moloney and Michael Dempsey, were brought befo: the Mayor and fined 25s each for being drank ar fighting on the previous evening at the Boyal Hote Good Friday was observed as a general holiday ; Creswick, all the shops and places of business beii closed, and the inhabitants appearing to make s universal rush into the country in order to picni in some of the numerous shady and ptcturesqn dells in the neighborhood. The bazaar on Wednesday, at Kingston, in aid the Church of England there, terminated very an cessfolly, upwards of £90 having been takan froi the sale of grain, poultry, &c;, contributed by t! farmers and others, and the fancy- articles mannte tared by the ladies. Tne contract for finishing tl church has been let to Dickson and Poyeer, of Cre wick, and the work is expected to be speedi finished. The church will be a very neat buildio a credit to the district and a memorial of the libe ality of the inhabitants. A meeting of the ratepayers of Smythesdale w held at tbe Nugget Hotel, on Satnrday evening, i the purpose of bearing Councillor Harris give an a count- ot his acts during the late contentions betwe the factions and the Borough Council ot tb place. Mr Coriualdi was now voted to the chair, ai stated that he did not know the purpose .for whi the meeting was called, hut no doubt Mr Har would inform them. Mr Harris said he was sor to see so few persona present. The purpose I which be had called the meeting was to inform t ratepayers of his reasons for resigning his seat as coi cillor before sending in his resignation. Whenever went he was assailed with charges againstthe Conni for proceedings with which he had nothing to do, ai he wished to reure from the Council before he v overwhelmed with dishonor. The Council 1 been called by the Melbourne pupers a disgrace the civilised world. He had found, ou entering t Council, an undercurrent at work which he had vain endeavored to fathom. He would now ask J ratepayers whether his acts had met with their ct currence. He bcd been quite willing to make co cessions in order that the Council might be enabi to obtain the £800 grant-in-aid from the Gove ment. (A Voice-Concede what Î) Mr Harri Concede that Mx Price should be mayor, and K land town clerk, provided the whole of the memb of the Council immediately afterwards resigr their seats. But in any case he would never ag: to go back to the old Council hovel into which had been once refused admission. Had the ter of compromise entered into by the other council! been made known to him, he would have agreed it, but he would never consent to return to the i Council hovel. It had been said that every meed since the last one at which Mr Dick took the ch as mayor, as also that one, was Meg This he denied. If some of the conni lors were so strict in adhering to evi letter of the law, how was it that Mr Mortens waa allowed to ait as a councillor ? He would 3 how it was that Dr Saenger had not made bim ( Harris) acquainted with the terms of the comprom He (the speaker) had made up his mind to resi which resignation he now placed in the hands of chairman. (The speaker handed his resignation the chairman for delivery to the Town Clerk. Ci of No ! no !) Mr Harris-Well, it is no UBe to < no, I'll never go into that hole again. (A voici What ia the principal object of the meeting to nigh Mr Harris-To tender my resignation, and allow ratepayers to nominate a Councillor in my place. Voice-Who is the biggest Gorilla in Smytl Creek ?) (Loud laughter.) Mr Harris-My etuc of Buflön have not been sufficient to enable me answer that question, bot I know «orne persona v have been brought up in a despotic country, came hi jmd not understand how to exercise the privde they enjoy. The Chairman-Ido not know wha to be done. Does any one wish to apeak on thia : portant subject? (Loud laughter.) I hold in band a bitter addressed "Mr Iii chard Kelland, Tc Council Hovel, Smythesdale." Mr W. B. Sn rose and «aid " Brother ratepayers, and brot sufferers, the purpose of this meeting ia for yon dedde whether Mr Harris has acted properly in Council." (A Voice-Come and have a n Instead of receiving his resignation I i pose a vote of confidence to him for his conduct i member of the Council. Mr B. T. Vale bad gi pleasure in seconding Mr Smith's motion. Harris might, not be the most efficient man t could be found, but be had not succumbed to other members of that Council. (A Voice Chairman, I hold you responsible for the deliver tile resignation of Mr Harris to the Town Cte (Cries of " Withdraw it.") Mr Harris-I will ru en er that hovel again whether my resignatio received or not The motion was then car unanunously, and Mr Harris retook possession ol resignation. He thanked the meeting for ita vot confidence. A vote of thanks waa passed to chairman and the meeting separated. The performances by the Creswick Ama Dramatic Society on Thursday evening, in «id of Volunteer Site Brigade consisted of u The Bent I and "peSpectre Bridegroom," which were cn ably played and gave general satisfaction. At the elusion ofthe first piece Dr Starke, on behalf of ladies of. Creswick, presented a very handsome " madeby them, accompanied by* very »eat addi Î2. ^S^Si Stevenson, who made a suitable rt The BandÜien Struck up "The British Grenadi. dunng the execution of : which the curtain EiTS-ar1 í^a^^£we¡* Home," «mgby Mus Sarhäfl; and ioau^applai^ «meada of the entertainment amounted to 4 i The roi an teer encampment at Sunbury has been 1 commenced nader the happiest omens, and, eo far as it has proceeded, it has been an unqualified success. The site is splendid, and ¿very accommodation and plenty of provisions of the best quality are «applied to the men, who'bare entered upon their duties with the utmost good feeling. It is expected that about 2000 volunteers will lie présent in the camp to-day, and the review before HU Excellency the Go- vernor will take place' about noon. A tremendous rash of. spectators from Melbourne is expected, and arrangements have been made by the railway au- thorities to afford them every accommodation. We take the following telegram from the Argus Deniliquin, Thursday-This morning lour of the prisoners confined in the Deniliquin gaol, over- powering with violence one of the warders and the gaoler, made their escape. Mr Taylor, landlord of the Royal Hotel, pistol in hand, pursued them on horseback, .rounded them up one by one, and, after a severe personal, struggle, succeeded, with, the ; assistance of some blacks, in returning them to prison. ! We learn from the Advertiser that, on Thursday last, arrangements were concluded for the cricket match between the AU England Eleven and Twenty-two of Geelong, Hr Marshall having sub- scribed to bis previous offer, and in accordance with which subscriptions to the. full amount re I quired have been promised. The days for the -match have not yet been fixed, but they will be I between the 9th and 20th of April. Matters will [ be finally arranged after the holidays. SeWs Iitfe in Victoria gives the following regarding 1 the Victoria Turf Club.-" At a special general I meeting of tbe Turf Club, held last Wednesday, at the Albion Hotel, it was unanimously resolved by a full meeting to break up the club on the under- standing that the new Victoria Racing Club would take over its liabilities. A sub-committee was ap- pointed to wind up the affairs of the club, and in less than a week we expect to hear that the Turf Club is no more." The same journal, speaking of the Metropolitan Trotting Races, observes-"That great preparations aie being made to bring off the Trotting Races this year with more than usual éclat. Numbers of fast steppers are in training, and it is said that the various events of the programme will be well filled." The Argus says^-" Dr Mackay, who lately repre- sented North Gipps Land, writes in a rather inco- herent agitation to contradict a report that he is a candidate for the Parliamentary draftsmanship. He says-' The thought of the post in question never crossed my mind. I am not, nor shall I be, a candidate for it,'" The following is the arrangement for the election of a member for North Gipps Land:-Date of writ, 24th March j day of nomination, 4th April ; day- oi polling, 11th April; return of writ, 23rd April. JBeWs Life ia Victoria, referring to the betting market, states-"This day (Saturday) week thc great match between Barwon and Rose of Denmark, for 2000 sovs, is fixed to come oft-on the Melbourne course, and yet little or no interest seems to be taker in the impending contest. Ic is not because the boru fiies of the match is questioned, nor because bott horses are not public favorites, but the cause of th< apathy seems to rest in the fear that the match wil end in a forfeit. Whether there be any grounds foi these apprehensions, we are in no position to state because, up to the last, both sides will keep theil own counsel. Their expressed determination is ti run the match on the conditions originally agreed to and we earnestly hope that, up to the lowering o tbe flag, both sideB may be as sanguine as tbej appear to be at the present time. We have beard o no betting on the match this week, but the foUowini operations on tbe Melbourne Cup have come to on knowledge:-100 to 8 against Bose of Denmark, I0( to 7 against Banker, 100 to 5 against Nathalie, 30C to 10 against Freestone, 100 to 3 against The Stag.' The Government Gazette notifies that Talbot bai been appointed a place where General Sessions shal be holden. Land for a right of-way across allotment 12, sec tion 81, to afford access to allotment IS of the sam section, Ballarat, has been temporarily reserve from sale. The Government Gaulle contains a statement tba tbe lessees holding the undermentioned mining lease having neglected to pay the rents now overdue fe the lands held under the said leases respectively i all arrears of rent be not paid within one monti succeeding the 22od of March, the leases will b liable tb forfeiture-.-Ballarat Division - No. 303. 1 Richards, 66a Or lop. Dead Horse Flat. Cres wie! Division-No. 295. J. D. Moore, 29a 2r 3p, Re Streak. No. 304. J. D. Moore, 20a, Quarry Hill an Red Streak. No. 313. J. Faulkner, 40a lr 36p, Re Streak. Smythe's Creek Division-No. 236. G M'Donald, 50a, Slaughter- house Hill. Stieglit Division-No. 94. R. Sing and others, 55a 3r 5j Portuguese Reef, Stieglitz. No. 242 R. King, 7a S 33p, New Chum Reef, Stieglitz. Blackwood DÍVÍBÍO -No. 2, J. Martin and another, 300 yards, Simmon' Reef, Blackwood. No. 197. J. Martin and anothei 2a 2r 26p, Simmon's Reef. No. 176; S. Rentsc and others, 3a Or 28p, Trewhella'e Reef and Doc tor's Golly. No. 232. S. Williams, lair 19p, Sin mon's Reef. No. 241. J. Hewson and others, 13 2r I6p, Heweon's Reef, Splittree Gully. Buninyon Division-No. 15. Mineral lease; J. Oddie ai another, 320a, Lal Lal. 