SHIPS AND COLONIAL MISRULE. C To the Editor of the Newcastle Chronicle.) Sm— In your well-timed leader of me zbtn miianr you appear not a little afraid of the prospect of the good city of Newcastle getting into bad repute, from the ex orbitant charges made by a certain Steamtug Company, for services rendered to a vessel when aground in the harbour, and as your testimony appears to be doubly endorsed by the statement of Captain Crouch, late of the Bhip Phabe Dunbar ; no doubt, that has helped, in some measure, to make yo j take still greater alarm. .But with all due deference to your legitimate exertions in vindi cating the good name of Newcastle, as well as the cha racter of your friends and constituents,! would beg leave, with your indulgence, to oraw puuuc mumuuu »-» «'?-;? evils and drawbacks of much more importance to ships frequenting this port, than any one solitary owner of steamtug«,snd in these hard timea.low freights, big wages, &c;, perhaps a more fitting time could noi well happen. I allude to an unreasoni ble and an extortionate Govern ment, and the great and immediate need you have of a re spectable and independent representative who would take a proper view of matters as they now stand, and show them up in th« right quarter.. In following up my j argu ment, and taking a cursory view of matters, 1 aha' only mention one case, and in doing so, I think it will apply, to a certain extent, to almost every other vessel now in port. A ship heaves in sight, (bound inwards), a steamer goS out and takes her in tow, and just as she is entering the harbour, or rounding Nobby., a pilot boards her. She is biought into port, the anchors are let go, one after the other, in a very careless bear a hand manner, amongst a crowd of shipping, in bad holding ground, and with just room enough to swing, without any to spare. This is what is called a moor; the time occupied in do ng so, that i», from the time the pilot comes on Board till he leaves her. occupying from half an hour to an hour, or at most an hour and a quarter, and for thiB smart piece of sea. manihip, £8, £10. or £15, as the case may be, according to the size of the vessel, is charged in the shape of In. ward Pilotage, the draught to be repeated by and by for outward ditte. Should a breeze, not a gale, of more than ordinary strength spring up, the ships drag home their anchors, .ometimes driv. on shore, or foul of other ships, ai, witness lately, the City of Newoastle and the Peerless, the former taking charge of the harbour, carrying away jib-booms, See., and the Utter with her stem high and dry on the N orth Shore. The ship, on arrival, is duly entered at the Customs, and tonnage dues paid. Query— Pw what are these tonnage dues fort The abrupt reply 'is, for the improvement of the harbour. But why should I pay for improving a harbour, when this abomination along with a great many others yet to be enumerated would frighten any reasonable man from ever entering here the second time. The ship in question, we will say, bai been in port some three or four weeks, waiting her turn to load, and, from present appearances, is likely to remain another three weeks before she is loaded and ready for sea, I and should this Bame ship return back to Newcastle, one day over the four months, from the time of the previoui arrival, the captain is called upon to pay the Tonnage Dues again, although the six weeks of her former visit she was entirely at the disposal of an unmerciful and in. coniiderate Government ;— this is paying for the whistle with a vengeance. This Bame Government will condescend ?n raH ... ». ..i.« ii ? Ru:«ia Itallnat nrovided It IS put Oil shore for them. They don't want it, oh.no. not they; but they take it when landed, and every one who has eyes can see that the ship's ballast is what has made the har bour what it now is. Now, Mr. Editor, these are real evils, of no ordinary kind, which, call them by what name you like, are neither more nor less than bare-faced rob bery.and I think I speak the public voice when I say ? the sooner such extortionate charge* on shipping are ?wept away from this creation, the sooneriwill it ms in civi. Htation, and in commercial value and importance. Otherwise, in fortelling the fato of Hunter River iioto Meiy, 1 shall only add by way of parenthesis, Home papers please copy. It is not the wish of any one, I am certain, to wish to deprive Government of their revenue, nor the pilots of their service and salary, but I think every reasonable man will agree with me in saying that ways and means might be devitei to shift the burden on the shoulders best able to bear it. Tbis is a pointof so much importance, that I would willingly leave it to wiser and abler hands than mine to settle, but lest it should be said! have invented a disease, without caring to point out a re medy, I would, with all due deflerence, submit the follow, ing;— That a small tax, per ton, be levied on all coals shipped ;'it could be easily paid, and not much felt ; and where 100, or 1000, tons of coal is shipped now, in a given time three times the amount would be shipped hereafter, as soon at the good news had time to go abroad ; and let the pilotage either be redueed to one.half of the present charges, which is fully more than the service is worth, or let it be optional with the ship to take a pilot or; not, as the captain chooses ; ships don't require a steam. tug and pilot at the same time, and as it is very evident the im provements in the harbour cannot well go on for any length o( time without material, alias ship's ballast, why not pay a trifle for said ballast, or, at least, the Govern ment might provide lighters, and send them alongside, that trifling outlay surelv would not compromise their dignity, but be a fair exchange, and help, indeed, in these sad times of scarce and need. In attempting thus to point out a cure far existing evils and abuses,! have done so not only with reluctance and hesitation, but with a view to draw forth, from abler pens than mine, some far more potent remedy. Feeling assured, if all good men of note, particularly those who have to do with ships, would only smother for a time at least, their private spleen, their pique or prejudices, and stand true to each'other like men and brethren, as they ought to be, that they might soon do a great deal, and effect a reformation in the good city of Newcastle, when, it needs no ghost to tell, the whole community at large would benefit by the change. In apologising for trespassing on your time and patienc with this long yarn, which, I fear, in my haste, is very imperfect, it will, doubtless, require trimming and squar ing to make it appear Bhip-shape before being launched on the waters of public criticism. If you can find a spare corner in your journal, you will, no doubt, confer a favor on the public on the banks of the Hunter, — Newcastle in particular — and oblige one who, perhaps, like many more of his cloth, has seen better days, but, for want of better employment, has now become a ? COLLIER: 