lïlSW SOUTU WALES PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. FnroAV, FEinoint 10. Uns fcrEiKBE took lae abklr it half.« ait tbree o'olock. , Mr. SPEAKER, bating ooauted toe memhere, and finding only seventeen present, adjourned tba House till Tiieac ay next at tbree o'olook. Tbe fo.'otfng are the names of the memb ra present, '»ii. :-Mesara. Martin, Ejga-, Wilson, Hulroyd,- Suttor, Maophetaon, Mate, Gordon, Wisdom, Leakey, Batdekia, B.Forster, Garrett, Cowper, Cowper, janior, Robertson, «nd Harpur. * Toe following memVra shortly alter entered toe Chamber, viz :-Messrs. W. Forster, M irria, Driver, Egan, Piddington, Uonneon, Leary, Tighe, Haanell, Dalgleish, Ball, Slewor', Dangar, Weekes, Lita«», Saiheilaud, Bidlelr, and Dr. Ling. ,1 - APPOINTMENT J.-Tho Qovtrnmtnt Gazette Dotifl.a thti bis ExeelUney the Governor, »iib tbe advice ot tbe >': Executive Ooanoil, bas been pleased lo appoint Mr. ' Edwin -i. Tompaon, Clerk of Pelty Sessions st'Wogga Wagga, to ba Registrar of tbeD striai Court at the same flseai anal James Giles, Esq., Police Magistrate, Dani liqnin, to bD Oommissionot of Insolvent Estates at tbe mme plaoe. ' We reaoutly rosorded tba deitb, afters short illnear), . ; ol Mrs. Prltobtrd, who with ber batband, tba Bev E. C. / Pritahird, a few weeba ago arrived in tbis oolony from Tasmania, Her death oooarred at Msrjville Ott toge, SI. Peterp, Now to wp, on tbe 39tb ot January, and was oooaBionod by beart -dieeaBe. On Sabbath afternoon, Jmnory Slat, she was interred in tbe Congregational burying ground of Sydney. The Ber. S, 0, K <nt, in tbe absenoe of the Bev. R, Hartley, offialtted. Bife re tbe lanersl it left tba house, a bj m o was enog, and tba Rev. .gentleman offered a most appropriate and impressive J'1 prayer. A large number attended tbe fanerai, ineluilinp; X persons of various roliglous parsaasions. Tbe -asnal setvleo wa» most feelingly read, and ' an carnea', affaotlonit'., and nolemo . addresi delivered ;:v at the gr»ve. On Sjnday, February 7th, tbtB eolema :/ «nd sadden event wis improved lo «fanerai sermon by '/ tba Rev. S, 0 Kent, in bis otaoroh at N'ewto rn. Tbe ä reverend gentleman took for bia text, .. Sba bath given * «jp tbe ghost, ber san went down wbile It was yet day," Be aommenood by saying, that like young Timothy, tbB i' deoeasod mia favoured with a pious grand. mother, wbo spent thé litter p ct ot her î-; Ufa in visiting tba Biak and dyiog, 'seeking /¿ iba ootooBts, and trying to sara those .f: -from wbom ber own sex shrank, that tba body 1 of tbis> ¡fe lady wis Bleeping in Araton Ohurabyard, on the Ide of is "Wight, a Bpot oeletrated in tbe annalB ot OIBBBÍO end || biographical history, being' also the retting plaoe of te «. Lsigb Rio" mood's Young Cottage!," Tba parents of pl tbe deoesaed brought ber up in tbo fear of tko Lord. f-j 'She was first a sobolsr and tben a teaabei in tho Wea- ll teyan Sunday.sabool at West Cowas, in the Isle of Wight, ip About five yews ago, under a german presorted by bim fj> who now mourns his loar, she oxperlenoed a obange IQ. whioh resnlted in her religious deoitlon, and led to her ?>v: eonneatioa with the Primitive Mdthodlit dénomination. The Rev. S.O.Kent particularly dwelt on tba ottaob V ; ment of the deoeased to tbe Home of G td, and the ra. K'-'l «uliilty of ber attendance f >r fximple sake, even egr-inal .aavioeto theointrary on ooeount of fdeble b saith. Hs ? .eonolu'ted with ai urgent ap.ieil lo yautb, ist she wat iÀ » jronny, her ige teing only twsnty- fivB yearn. Sha was ii the ant Piimlivo Methodist minister's »i'e who has died lu tis golonio», md bat loft two oblldren, 