"BfENTTIoNS AMONaGST TEn IleNs.-?t is Satarda night, and I (John Smith for tine nonce) togeaher with my friend Bobinson, set foethon aperegrinationthrough the town. The fire has done its work, and Queen.street hass dismal and dilapidated aspect. T?e people walk ing about are few in number; the lamps in the shops that are not burnt, cast a dim and unequal lights the irmamaent above seems to partake of the genera dulness, and looks like a chared roof. On one side of Queen street, once tie liveliest quarter of the town, them is a big blot like one of those enormous amears upon a clean copy book, for the presence of which thle youthful ear is made to tingleby the Iands of the pedagogue. Tlerein in the heart of the town an enormona gap-a bslaokened gulf-a fatbomless vacancy. An atmospbereof dulnes and depreasion seems to pervade the place. The two public-houses on the verge of the seene of the conka. grstion are crowded. I pause at the site of theriterion Drapery Warehouse which once had an'extisteesand I think of Pudding lane and Pie Corner, ar ; rdla m the Secmond and Nell Gwynne. I also r mnbe y " small account" at the said establishment, dndmdoder by what strange provision in nature it atns that " books" concerning transacetions of debto~ ani editor are never burnt. T realise to myself the apot where the gentle tailor manipulated my waist, taped my symme tricaled legs, and produced, as a master piece ofart, the trusemrs which now I wear. We peas on to Gajard, and the ghosts of awallowed omelettes, long since digested, arise from the blackened ruins, and haunt the imagination. Alas, sujnrtd! Per eetlfat, tbo bhast had many devouring elements in that bann9ok hall of thine; but the devouring element which visatedthee on Deember 1st, 186, [ fear, must have gone any with. ouat paying f that whioh wan eonumed. The oyster hops, hants of Delilshs prone to paint, onsteeoos diet, bottled beer, Hansom cabs, and pair.fully hyteriesi laughter, are all gone; and vaency usurps their place. Edmoudatone is gone. Hockings is gone. Roarts i gone. Where, oh! most potent arti8ficer in gold and silver is that celebrated chronometer, with a paternsal ftaoe, with which a young and unassuming Genoseva?watche of mhine used periodielly to compare notes.. Jason's in at present on institution of the past; time must elapse ere theb' ound of revelry by night" .will be heird at the accusntomed spot, and persevering punsters and dlamathl talkers have no place in town upon which to n tttle soles of their feet. The Union Bank has diappesred from the scene; but I cannot work up sentimentality over a bank, m0 I simply wish it adien with my blessing. Mnenadam's has departed; a few tottering briek wall?- a ruined chimney, and a wide deVastated waste, with a smouldering moell, merk thie place which once has been. -Gr?o rdian. A daring robbery was connaitted on Wedneosday evening, at Younge a Royal Hotel. Three suspicious. looking cdmaracters had been hIovering about the bar all tie aflernoon, and in tihe ev-ening ~s. Youuge, nto had been attending to the bar, was called into tin pao. sage. Sie lad scarcely got there whlen sbe heard a glass fall, and ran into thie bar, whlen a man wae seen going ount of the bar withl, the ensh-bor under his arem. Mr. Younge gave clhase, and nughLt thle man at 1th~e corner of Edward atnd Queen streets. On being cob lnred hlae dropped thle box, and eudcavouro d to esape, but lohe as e Id too tight by MIr. Younge, by whom ol wao given into custody. On being taken to thIe Polie olice Ia gorave his inne as Richard Kingemoaa. On Thlursday- la nos onunitted for trial at the Police Court.-Coerier. RocUKNnaOas BAY.--The master of the sehounerPo. lieeman reports that he left Rockingham Bay on the 15th ultimo, and sailed fram Port Denison on the 24th. It imay be remembered that this vessel carried a party of roadmakers fromt this place to Rolckighann Bay-in all, there were 4 eabin passengers and 2O steerage; theft were also on board 10 horses for tbe use of thie notive police, two were lost an the passnage, and the rest were not required, their intended black riders having thought fit in the mean. time to "'skedaddle," leaving Lieutsnant Bllakeney and Sergeant ounton all aloane. Thbe road prt) bad com mtenced working, and everything progressed well, and it had been agreed, at a public meeting, to mnemorialies Oovernment to allow certai, monies, intended for thie con atruction of a pier, to he applied townards the making of the new roads.-Oorardiaun. Speaking of thie late disgraceful Molenworhll tni' in Melbourne thie Argus says :-The reandal which for the last nine years ihans been festering, like a Ioathtenme sore, under thie surface of Melbourne society, has at length ripened and burt. Tlhedomestiecife of the Molemworthe in fairly beflore thie world. It is a lchapter whlichl, let ns Iope, stands alone in thie hIistory of our social system. Thie credit of the colony was never so deeply tosuebed as by tnis filthny tale ofon ill mnrriage. A heaey responi. bflly atnaneies to tine man whIo, on nny pmroetlnb, wn'al. ever, could so insult oun public sense of decorum. Tim injury is to every Ionest man and every decent woman in-Vtctori. About this thLnn can he no second opinion in the cotmmnoiv. The scandal is oune 'whish nevere oughtt to Ihare seent i light, at least in this colony. Ti?he wrongs of Judge tMolesworh, bear no proportion to tle outergo wlhilt he oas itillicted upon our society in their rvela.ion. Mr. Molesworlth may hiave been as deeply injunred as MIrs. Molersworth wo unnihaste, but thlere was no eennse for thias ccup)ing all tie enra andeyesofithis comnmunity for four days vwith tis berutal and diagustng ntory. Thie case is one ofunnedeemed brutality aud pro igacy from beginning to end ; and thie factthat theprin cipal inracters who figure on thle stage are a Judge of tie Supreme Court and hin wife and an ex.Attorneg..-. General, will lursninh io stll occasion for triumnh to thos noe w lose habit it is to speak enceringly of oomnial mannters and morals. The revulation of higi life in St. Kiilda about thie yea 1805 , isindeed, moro extraordinary thnnan anything which an ncnemy of VkCoria could have innented for hier detriment. It requires tie evidence of nihe petitioner and tihe respondent, logether with theeoon. fensions of Mr. Ireland, to make uno believe tlat sunah a stale of tlhings could be possible in the hIeart of lan Eng lish comeutnity. Thne Divotco Couat- is a record of maun y scandlsdo , but we doubt if, either at hIome or in tine colo. nies, there ever wasa story to mantch tlhis of the Moles. worths in grossnes annd profligacy. T?ere is something in thie ease, also, tlhaot is quite unSnglish, and oith an odoir abcut it such as otly oene nationality in tle world could furnish. 'Ti e aeenes between hIusband uand wife tle row in tine liant Cnstcltaoine--tbe nubsequent reon eilialion--cti episode of rtle b:ipelibag--tleL flghting- thie lissing- thelttters--the uncent, burhesoeealousay, and thie ludicrous and gross etspicions-where can we read anythinng to match this very Irish story P For on?e all the art ofthe counsel on each side has failed to heighten thie true colour of either case. The real proefligacyisthat srch o story us this should be dragged into lig?n, merey becoause tie hInsbanbd and wife could lnot ogre ai to amoutt of tl hie ileC allowantIIx. - 