THE FIFTEENTH OF AUGUST. This day is & 'memorable one in the history o the Church, for on it is celebrated the death of the Blessed Virgin and her Assumption into Heaven We find very little recorded in Scripture of the lolv Mother of Christ after his Ascension hat we know that she returned to Jeru salem with his disciples and there awaited the coming down of the Holy Ghost upon the infant Church We find from the last words ot unriHL on mo ^ius», lutti ue tuinuiitiou the care of his Virgin Mother to St. John the Evangelist when ha said ce Son behold thy Mother ; Mother behold thy Son.' Henceforward St. John took her under his pro tection, and the general opinion is that she con tinued in solitude and the exercise of holy prayer in Jerusalem to an adranced age. Some are of opinion that she at died Ephesas, as the biBhops assembled there at a General Council in 431 make mention of the high perogative of that cityf aa having received a lustre from St. John the Evangelist and from the Mother of God. From this some conclude that she died at Ephesns where St. John for some time exercised his apostolic functions, but the general opinion however, is that she died at Jerusalem, where, in later ages, mention is made of her Sepulchre cut in a rock at Gethsemane, she in common with all the children of Eve had to pay the common debt of nature as well as the other friends of God but, such a death is very appropriately called a sweet aleep in' the Lord. It is a pious belief that God raised the body of the Blessed Virgin from the grave soon after her death, and assumed the Immaculate Mother both body and soul into Heaven before the general resurrection of the dead. St. Andrew of Crete, and St. Gregory of Tours, mention this in the sixth and seventh centuries, and the opinion is conformable to the sentiments of piety and respect which we owe the glorious Mother of God. The preservation of her body from corruption, and her assumption into glory, were privileges which seemed justly to her due, preeminent sanctity as being preserved by God from all stain of sin, and a fit tribute, of affection paid to her by her Divine Son for her maternal core of him during his sojourn upon earth. The writings of St, John Damascene, and of St. Bernard tend much to confirn the opinion that the body and soul of the Blessed Virgin were both taken to Heaven : this however is no article of Catholic faith. The feast of the Assumption is the greatest of the festivals set apart to oele brate.the memory and the virtues of the Blessed Virgin 5 it is in memory of the great gifts con ferred on her that the Church sets apart the fifteenth of August in thanksgiving to God for the grew thing3 ha had done in be half of the spotless Mother of his Divine Son. Ou this festival a3 on those of all the Saints divine honour is paid to God alone for the eminent graces he has in every age since the birth of Christ conferred on weak mortals, enabling them to overcome the corruptions of fallen nature and to live up to the holy maxims and precepts of the divine law. As we know from the Sacred Scriptures that God is wonderful in his. Saints, and that his friends are to be honoured, so a special honour and veneration is paid by the Church to the highest and the purest of God's Saints, the Holy Mary of whom was born Christ the Lord, the Saviour of the world, in the city of Bethlehem. This is the woman who is represented as clothe'd with the sun and the naoon placed under her feet and who receives the crown of twelve stars. While we contemplate the glory of Mary on her triumphal ascension into Heaven we ought to consider by what means she arrived at that sublime degree of honour and happiness so that we may endea vour to imitate her example in some limited degree. It was her virtues that God honoured when he bestowed upon her the crown of glory ; her perfect eharity, her profound humility, her transcendent purity, her patieuce and meekness, her holy zeal and ardour in paying to God the most perfect homage of adoration praise and thanksgiving. When a Bincere Christian reflects on the holy life and the sublime virtues of Mary he should endeavour to foilow them even at a humble distance, and this is the object the Church has in view in bringing the memories and the virtues of holy persons in succession during the year before the minds of her children, in order to excite in them holy desires and aspirations towards imitating the lives of the Saints that they may come to share their glory one day in the kingdom of Heaven. The Church also considers that the prayers of the Blessed Virgin which were more powerful upon earth than were those of Abraham, Job, or Elias are now much efficacious when she is enjoying all the biossings of the beatifie vision. If the angels who are before the throne of God offer our prayers to him and pray them selves for us ; if the Saints in glory employ their mediation in our favour will not the most holy Mother of God perform the same good office for those who implore her intercession for them bafore the throne of her Divine Son ? The constant practice of the Church through all ages renders her secure in invoking the intercession of the jBlessed Virgin; even the Protestant century — writers or centuriators of Magdeburg trace up this practice as high as the second Century, and charge St. Irenseus with teaching it in the sanae mannsr as the Catholic Church does at the present day. This is their remark upon the words of this great primitive doc to 1 ' the Virgin. Mary is made the advocate of Eve, that is for men upon whom tbei- first motbc entailed a curse.' St Irenseus is one of the first on the list of Fathers and he learned this whole Borne flt ration from his master St. Polycarp am (?uer ' immediate disciples of the Apostles . the same has been delivered down by tb pastors of the Church with the sacred deposit 0 oar faith which is always the same and un alungaable aud we are encouraged to be feryen » begging the Blessed Virgin to intercede fi is to ber Divine Sob. St. Bernard remarks tbs - tmoij «r« invoked her protection witbou finding spiritual relief, and surely no aspiration can be more consonant with Christian piety than that which the Church so frequently repeats, ' Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death/' * ?* The order of the services on the feast of the Assumption at St. Mary's is given in another part of our present issue. . ? 