THEATRICALS AND MUSIC xdce iM.xxoin:jr.raBfl. Tbe absence of an original piece at either Ijouta does not iccta la hvra militated In the least nualust tho suc:om of t/io p^rfurm-.noca. TliU, of itulf, would Boem to be demonetru'lve of the supposition that the public care lea abaut wjint Is new, than wlint it good ; and I'mt ao hnpr ni they -ro urn lined,' ft dom not crcilly signify wlretljer the old piece? &ro; faitl lied up, or the uioat unqucttionably Jatctt result of an author1! brala la presented. So fur m the hirl«]-ilnade of a pantomime Is coacerno'J, Iblo Is mm certainly true. Tlio old jukes, tbe old tricks, the o'd modes ol fan-ianhinfr, are, year after y ar, and UCBBUO aiirf IICUMJU, UUUI1UUOU, HUI WO UU DUl tiro— or, at Icait, do not allow ourtelres loconfeu tbat we tire— of them.' The ubieuco ol novelty In the Iiarlei)u1na-lc Is very obrloan this year at oiltier housg/ Wb»t in done is carefully and olovorlj done, so Inr at regards tho manner of its execution, but there is absolutely nothing that can be tru'y pronouncod a uuw i iventinn. And yet everything ecemed to ho an thoroughly enjoyed by tbe nudlcncc, us If It bad novtr been seen before. The liattlo of tho loaves and Jlabei caused tho uauat tumult of merriment, tho robbery of old l«died,amJll,ebolsler'-uj/[OllantrI-i« shown lo tho young ones, by Mr. Clown, tickled tho susceptibilities of the LebuHcr precisely as they have alwuys demo. Too liberties taken with the policeman were relished as spoil any previous occatfon, and tlio smnll respect paid to tht con stltatod authnrltles la the person of that unhappy member of tho lurof, secniad to tug'^i nt, a« unanl, a certain antipathy existlni; i galn-t tho (ruardlang of the ptace. Indoid, tlut novsro section of society which denounces theatrical performances as very sinful, would, no doubt, if they permitted themselves to vlttt theoo aho'leii of tho evil one, ha particularly shocked at Christmas time. I'ur though Iho purpoiu and end of the regular dramn in to dincountenanco the vlolous and encourage those who wnlk ia tho paths of vlrtao, tlic very opposite of nil this ii semi In ih« pcrfeot impunity ond success wltli which tho Clown pursues Ills most dithoncst And homlcldil praotlces. Ills regard for the rlnhH of properly consist* la tho perfect right he ngeins to onturtaln to toko whatever comes In his way. And tlio rnoru he tl love*, tho -moro vociferously ho ii cpplaudcd An honoU Olovrn wou'd not bo tolerated for a moment, lie mutt feloniously alutrnct what ever ho has tho chauoe of (aklnj,-, or ha Is no truo »ucoj»«or of funner wurera of motley. In tho aamo way ho has a ruthless dlnregnrJ of bumnn lira. Jluoniiuiita murders with a jaunty air, iu it it were tlio mosta^recablo tUInt; Iu tho world to him, .like Hotanur, who flew slxor saveu duian buforo breakfast, by way of getting an appdito. And the charming obieuoo of rcmorio lie dlsplara uroatly adds to tho favour In whicb ho Is Imld, Homctimcs, lo bo euro, tho ghosts of bis vioilms visit him nnd frighten him for n moment, but Iho disturbance of M* sorenity thus occMloncd U only temporary. He recovers his Irjntj'iillity with surprising rcidinets, and having derived no uioful lor.jon from lili urrorB, ho goes on to com mit more. According to ooinmon rcasonliiK,* tho taking of ohlldron to seo tills embodiment of unscrupulous mionllty Is ft very dangerous pro ceodlii(f, Bin! tli iuld act ai a direct encourage ment to tho most lerrlbla vIccb. Hut so far from tlio world having grown any worio far Eanlomlmc*, wa-ire strongly ilitjionuit to think It as bocoino a groat doal bettor. Young gvutlu. men soiuotiiues, to be sure, emulate the eccen tricities of tho Clown la the domeslla circle, and thereby cauBo a llttlo temporary Inooiivouieneo to tlio various members of their family, but the result of all thin ll ratlior a prolonRatljii of tho oilginal fun, than n m-rluualy hurtful application of It. Tlic toi.uiuo laugh ouo ii nlilo to enjoy by rnennn if n panto mime, docs ono tract) on inllnito ninnunt of good tbat it Ih to ho i uppunod llto phyiloal Leu fit obUlucd ultnkoa all lliu jioHjililo Immoral effoots out of Ihu tynteiu. H'pooplo laii(,'lieil more, thov would niii Usi, Y(iuroour,crabb«d,cloudy-fiM:cil limn U not only nlwnyH III, but ho may KCnornlly hoBUspootodornrondliieaat'jcDnimltnnlll-doal.lf tho opportunity chances to bin ; nnd of nil Iho inorni iriflutueo of thustagp, there h nona better Dull that which uvolieH Mint pleasant unrc-triiliit I rucnlruent, which dl»il|)U-es c.ire for the limo, Mud innlies us hjttor oblo tn bear tho next trou bles lh.it eomo to us. The Clown, ihnrcfore, inreunouH, homicidal, disregnrdfiil ot tlio pro priellcB, fltid |;r;:.rrully of Iho looseut p'lhiible miirulH, in yet to bo irpraiileil as ono of thu best persuniiv«H to corrcodwss of bcu.ivlour ; nnd i ertr * tw e'«sat Uite tt»!l djite hla frcci lh» ei,, ths vorA wUJ b«lbe -*otv. for It. At pr**ct, bswertr, we K*ra to 1* ia no darker tA tutb % cs.l»™i'.». for, 't lii* 1^/1*1, la'UiA of fc*risi; lot ?-«« ©Wn, there i» » couj.le cf theai. yiT. Tom t/tufM hxi tyxa anr moA Tt!i»blt Grimi'di (or fomt jku*, sud n --w Mr. 'Wi.'lie E4»o:nonq-a«tio6»W7\to«»lh«boairort of b:- tUtr emf'cri. H» b-, ptrhtpi, a liUle too U'k »W»-, io4«d ; »' fiown« n-r«r-s-dajt in. raore uikitliethsn tby nttdbe; bet he i» tbe very ottfeetxnol flfiibuityaodtluticity. lle'nhtte »Bi tbeie '-*''? erity irbce at once; full of buttle M » cl'.'KQ »flOnM I*, otTcrbaiUtLnra moment; r«ckl**f, tuiasrtijHilM', *nd rtadr for srjy wrt tad *bt xwooBi of mltcbief. Arid bit brother John is ao sdmirable Utrleqain. He, tvo, it nerec rtfll ; hi teems to Tibrate like a m-ja'.A of ]»Ut vr Utnc-m«Dg?, and hU tpznirUi glitur w -with toil oofJtUot- ocdllation, Ibat, to cb»uge Vbe Sjore »K»iD, tme might fancy him %-imo great Kob-i-noor, eat out into the figure of a sun. TtiU Is precue'-y urbai a btrttqiin tbuuld be— Hgbt, s'eoder, graceful, and alwaya ia motion. Tn« little Julia iacoe of the prettiest tiA junitieet OjIombinM we bare seen for maay a £mj. Of tbe barleoqae itself, it is so well knotm that its description wocld be an imperti nence Ol tbe ca-t, tos-e_ot the cbttteitrt are allotted ai the/ «ere whin' it bad »neh t rmi aome jfc«rs ago at ibia tbealr* ; for examp!e, Mr. Lambert is tbe F*dl*3een; Mr, Hurwood, tbe magni&omtp9tentat;«; and Mi» Wine, tbe P-ri, Hzmtnoe. Khonaabad is ia tbt. baud» of two ceatlemtn— Mr. Charles Toone and Mr.8iewirt. Their vertioca differ remukiby : Mr. Stewart's ff of tbe ferccioatly demonitr»Urj kind; lir. Ynuair's of Um more aatelJy «prtsnre tort. They bare both their merit! ; bnl, to onr taitr, Mr. Stewart's conception l- the right one. MU- Vote Edonin ia the ' poor tronbadoor,' ood he would b« a very nuaticSable . curmudgeon who vrbote ntajel7n*brqniie familiar (0 a MelSonrne aodtsae*. Uko» the part of Ha&d.; and doe* It well. Mi« Alien u.a detirsble acqaintioa to the coiopany tttl will mo doubt be found extremely \- Dee: ire in many other parts-besidea tbis. Tbe zeneral finith and cirefulgtt up of the p:fes I- jast what migbt hire b:en ezpscud under tbe preteut m-nagemeot. The drewes are all new, and moit asproptiite. Tbe dance of the Amacoos and Arabs ii very tfrettily arranged ; and the -eoer»l groninng and marcblog are suggestire of mnsb arlittie U»te. The tesnery, aa * roatbtr of oourM, is beaulifa) ; and tbe IramformaUon -ccne, though cot differing in phn from tbat whicb was adopted wLeo ' LalU Hook).' was fint per tcruitd here, is yet eo eminently loretjr that It would have been »lo»o*t s- mliUte to have changed it far any other dengn. Tbe last scene is also of admirable contrivance and elaborate beauty. At the oilier bouse — the Hiymarket — a fine effect is produced in tbe final scene (which, however, baa bnn made the transformation scene aubwquenUy to ibe first representation) by the employment of a itroDtr light pissed tbroueb coloured mediums. TLli is a-- excellent arraD^ement, aa It avoids some of tbe locon veniences attoodant upon the old method of burning the ordinary rod, blue, and green fire. Of the paotomimo iuelf, it U to be re^ardoJ at an adjunct tacked on to an opera. This last, however, would astonish Koaiinl, if tbat groat maestro could be brought from tbe otbtr world to see it, Ha woold find in ft a great doal that be never composed, or ever would have thought cifcomposing. Nevertheless, he would express himself very well satUfled with the performance rif aucb portions of his own music as have been retained. He would certainly bntow commen dations upon tbe tinging, whatever opinion be might rotorre to himself rezardlng some of tbe acting. Ho would Indubitably compliment tbe Misses Uovrion. Madamo Carandmi, Mr. Wharton, and the Mes-M. Ilowmi, upon both thiir natural excellences and their acquired skill: and though he mipht shut his ojts and ears in somo places, ho would go away with a tolerably ealufled mind. He would not care much for Ilia l)arlcr|Uina-Jo; and tbougb he could not htlp— lan'icol gimit thouch ho la— to liko Harlow, he would prouounco him a little in excess nt present. Fur a piuiomlmc is very much like a saUd in ic«pcct of its in^rodlents. If any one particular romp-Dent is dispro portionately Urge, the whole is in dinger of being spoiled. MIKCEJCr-A.tElJUS. But tho theatres have heon by no means tbo only lourres of holldat recreation durlop the wetk. Tho Germans, in their own pjrtleubr way, have bfen (ii)oyiDK theinnolves immensely. The 'Turn 'Verein Gvmntslio and MuiioAl Asiociation' Beerrs to comprehend very different aud apparently conflicting purposes ; bat, n« (bo remit pioven, its metabers realizi botli of tlioin. .They do wonderful Ihings la tbe way of acrobatism, »nn tliulr luaslChl ptiroi...-,,.^. »i,i-uta ca^u= ii,, emulous rivalry of our own lyrical iswciaifons. On Monday, tbs athletic portion of their festival took place at CremorneOirdcns; and on Tuesday tho more purely mudcat at the Exhibition Building, when the various prizes were presenUd lo tbe aucces-ful compttitore, both in muscular feats and musical Becom irishmen ta. At St. Ceorge'a Hall there has been variety. Mr. Bay bat betn tlnslog songs in cliarncler, and '' Professir' Husboll bat been cxbibi log sima of the prisumed marvels of o cetro-biolosy, whioh, even (upposirg the 'AuuUtu reality of the effects produced, are nevtrtholeM amutlog enough. ifr. Hitch has come back again to the Poly technic, and has ni'.iined hl« Holiday Trip with BOinc aodiilons to it. The rjulet pleaeant humour of this gentleman will always secure him popularity wherever he com. ' Tho 8t. Kllda Olce and Madrigal Society c-vo a concert at tho Town Hall on Tuesday orcning, in aid of tbo sufferer! by tbe late floods. Music .1 excellence in tbe suburbs is undoubtedly a notable fact In our social organization, and at every fresh occasion of judging cf iho prcvalenoe of amateur talent, tho ovidence in proof of Ita existence ia very decide J. Thit particular concert wai no exception to tbo rule. PnOTIJOlAI,. Bah,Aaiia.t.- (Abridged from the Star')— It tlio burleequo on 'The Colleen ISmvu' was a great deal better produced and played than it was on Saturday night, it would not fnduoo us to think that tbe author had dove himself any credit In devoting his mind to »o unfertile a Utk; but it is duo to thoso engaged in the presentation that tttj made tbo moat of their joyless and thankless task. There ia nothing' whatever in ' Tho Colleen Bswn' that admits of its being converted into an introduction to a pantomluie, and if tbers was. Its extreme length would reader It unsuitable. Tluro was nothing to redeem the infliction 'but somo good scenery by Mr. Watt», Iho drolleries by Ut. Shell Bany as ISily O'Connor, tho roal ability o Miss Annie TIIII In certain .classes of character purta (of which her Hardresa Cregau nffotds an example), and the rapid advance in oomlo histrionics cf Mr. Bcndnll, who wns cast for a part In tlte piece. Tho introduction con cluded, then came tho transformation scene, with MIm Carry Oeorgo «a Harlequin a fa Madame Cnlesle, Miss I*. Qoorgeas Columblnr, Mr. G. Wlgan as Clown, and Mr. W. B. Gill as Panta loon, Hetides theso, there wss omock IXarlcnuin, Columbine, and Clown. Tho lantomimo,' Har lequin £i!y O'Connor, or the Sensation Dip, and tho I'alrlcs' Home In tho Kmerald Islol' as a matter of oourae dlffura little from any other ni regards the staple of fun aud frolic It Is not easy to invent new tricks, ami people eemn quite oor.tout with tho old ones. There was the usual uiusio, dances, tumblinga, contortions, uuatlo and balderdash, and other timo- honourod foa tures, wltloli eeem to recommend pmtoinlinco alllto to old and youug when they oomo, with Cliilitman, oncoayear. The |iantomime Is full of sluff pwvjcatlvo of mirth from fl'st to last, and iu many rospccU in us good ni aay whlah hag hjcn prixluced in Billaamt. It answers ovary purpose which such oli.ilra uro intended to osmpa-B, and will doubtlcta atlr-ct holiday scckiM and troops of .voting people, and old too, for (lays to como. Tho njana^crucut hoi been at much chargo in tho way of cultured firon, In the first and last scenes ol tlic puntomltnn, the fulkst t (loots of which woro frustrated on Kattir day night by tho over-hastlneas of Iho inon in chnrge nf tbo curtain. Tlic Unt ucouo In roally splendidly (Uvihoi. Mr. G. WiKau Iim lud tiie management of tbo pyrotcchnleal dliiiilay, Mr, Mulhewa U ropoiullifu for tho machinery, Mr. Walls for the nccnoiy, Mr. Walker for the pro portion and decoration', and Miua G. Illckoy for tho drosrei. TJioro wau a orowdud house on Hoxintf Ni;;'it. 'Bknuioo— (From tho Advertiser.) — Tho Lycouni wai ( roivdeJ on .Saturday night in all parts, lo witness tho performance of tho ' Mlutlutoo llotixh' and tho now pantnmlmo 'Tho lUo mil tho OraiiRo Trou.' Tho ilrst pleco wai) creditably pnrfonucil, Mr. Noblo Inking tho p^rl. of tho Jhroii do Clirford. Mr Kjoyli ilmt of Sir Henry I.orell. »url Mr. Hill that of Croelrot. Mrs. Hill appearing aa Agues, thuvietliu; and Mr. Hoymotir ns Hr ltc|;ln»KI, tho tjrant ami munbicr of the plooo. G ioiI, hilil, or Indin'oront, on a pantomime nij'it, tho tltet pleco Is voted a boro ; its only utility being to afford au extra half hour to tccuu painters and carpenters to perform intrudes in the way of painting, ami prodigies In tho wiy of mechanism, csjondril to Iho ptoct de rttintunee whloli follows. Tho burltmjuo of ' Tho U o and Iho OraiiKo Trco' Ia ono of Flaiii-.bn'o most fortunnlo tilorli in the way of trnniifarmallon, Tho plot Is anflijicntly varied with- Mit being B9 much ns to Imcoiuo ojinplloiitcd ntij pbwuro, King Block (Mr. V/uson) havin o for.use to e'T« b'- y-'''B«r mo, Vriav: Ami Ue 'Mii» Ktt» Wito), M»ii t.im tn a rorU el' ci^orery, to find the Frtuceu Amy [Mrs Hill) 'd tr.arrj btr. Piioce AmUbledi. c/jrert her w Ite cits of an osre, R»y«;« (*'/?. K.«zW. Ta« ogre cminj homo -»ith bu Wiiy, Tcariertlbt (Mrs Cox), aud bis K-n Crcgrumi Uin (Mr KohlO, dtsrovers PnnM Amisb,!, tn4 d.SerrniD'i V, est him. 'Jh« Pris«« Amy, havirt: u.ean'. me i!i yovtrtd a vnbing ro4, the propcFlv --{ Ibe ozTt'i wife, m.ke. UH of it to tS-ci tbe *wr- or bertslf and th! P:i-.ce. Bat hivioe onlr tour withe! to uske, nnfortun«tey misUkn the w«b of the Prince that he wereihtn tm Wrd th! tchvratr ' Bte »ni Orange ''' for a ds-iire lb»t hi -wonlc ' be an orange tree, »nd wUbe« it accordingly. He otcomtt » oracze tree and the determines f» becJUie » bee »nd watch crer him. They are tranrfornied accordkjlv, and as aa. orange tree and a bttbir* appear on the tUge. Tbe Prince Linda (Misi Nye) appea'S on tbe txrnt, and zo'.sg to ploct aa oraoge bloMOm, Is stung by Ibe brt. Sbe summons her attcn Untt, and they make war on tba bceblve. Bat tbe ogre bavins during tbeir Umpo.-ary absence arrived oo tbe stage; bai bren e'.ocg by tbe bee, and has kiiM it. 'I here Is therefore Dobx'y lo defend tbe bive. At this juncture the F*iry T/ofia (or True Fire, a» the case miy be) arrives fn a Itxomotire engise with a fancy car, and restores tbe bee ar.d or4n;r* free to their former hurnac|rie», converts th? P.ioce lolo HarUqain 7lTr. Chambers), tbs Prinosj into Colu-nbioe (MU« XyO. tbe King into Clown (Mr. Hill), and tbe O«re into P»nt»loon (Mr. Kwjb). The pantomifaa fullowi. Tte burl-«que oaenine aod cantoinin»»4»th contain a ouuiber of local songt, and hts at the Mayor, Corporation, railway cofctnctori, Eewtpaytrpropriitois.ete., of Sand hurst. Bbecuwobth.— The k«nctibire Bell Diagcrs oerfnrtati before ? crowded boat* on Fatard»r ereainc, »t Un! Suf Tbe lire. Their prngranime announced another performance on lbs same stage ibe laat erening of ike year, when they were to tiaz the old year oat and the sew ytar in from tbe balcony of (he SUr hotel. Castlehaise. — (From the 2f-ttl.)— Tbe Raymarktt Company on TueiJay sight sacoets fotly reproduced Bifwer's play, 'Tbe Li6y of tyonj.' We bare already criticised the pre vloos perforDiance, and now renew our pral e of tbe leadlag actorf, and iptciilly of Min A. Lockhart.' It is to be regretted that the pablls are- not moro liberal fn tbeir support .of this talented company. The programme eicb eveainc; ia sorScienty Inviting- to jiit almost .every variety otta»te. Tbe tragedy of' Othello ' was produced on Wednesday evening, Mr. E-Iwarda taking tbe part of. the- Moor, Mr. Hollsway appeariog as Iago, Miaa A, Lo:Vhirt u Desdo mona, and lln, Holloway aa Ertiilhs. Geeloxo.— (From Wedn»l»y'a Chr6»\elt )— Tbe indefatigable losee of tbf- now popular and well-conducted place of aaiusemeat has faith fully fulfilled his protaiso of giriag bis patrons by far the best, holiday entertainment ever yet prc-ent»J in Qoehng ; and though, «i he honestly Inlormod them, Ihe expense unavoidably incurred in the production of the pmtomime would necessitate a slight inerease in tbe price of admission, we were clad to tee a house crowded from floor to roof oo Saturday. It was dif&cnlt; to believe that tbe representation was the first of the pantomime. Tricks, scenery, propertiis, all worked, tcch-lcally rpeaklog, '? without a hitch.' Bat the whole— bur- lesque and harlequinade — wis indeed a tremendous bit. Want of ap.ico precludes us from givinz anything like a detailed notice of tbe plot ol ' Eodymioa ;' ve can only state that MIm James ai Diana, and Mices Emily and Fanny Wfieman a« En-ymbn and Cupid, gaiucd well merited and enthusiastic applause. Greville was immeni'e as Aclnm, and Khcite, in Pan, bad a part for which he is admirably titled, in tlia c-imlo bmincn, thin gentleman's Clown proved him a worthy fulliwer of tho renowned Jut Grimaldi. Mid Wiseman wai a spleudi.l Har lequioa, and Fanny Wisemin a sprightly and bewitching Columbine. The scenery, by Holmes, seemed fairly to tako the audience by mirpiite, and the latt scene especially is a rzloridua tri umph of artittic and mecbtnicil (.kill. Xotbiug like it bw ever bten wi'n»steil here — it i» wor thy of companion with the beat sceuia (fiectt of Grieve orTolhien. Tomorrow (Thursday) a grand |uverjile night Is announced — Ilio only one of tbe teacon— ou which occasion children will be admitted to all parts of tbe house at h-lf price. A kindly forethought of the manager, nf which parents and guardians will no d .ubt largely avail themselves. To please, too, the great number of bur felloe* townsmen who htil from the 'Land o' Cakes,' Mr. Harry Clinpman, tho admirable dehnratorof SojttUh character, Is engaged for three nights onlv, and will aopear on Thursdav, V.Wiy.t-i p»»'iT«»y} -Oir'Uondky next Miis Joey Gouitenheim wiil commence a short, but we doubt not an immensely pr .fttnbie cogigdmnt, as tbe eclat and aitmcrtijii of this favourite artiste will draw irovrdoij houses anyobore. HymktOI — Mlrs Itosa Cooper and Jfr. Lionel Haiding opened here on Cbrutuiis Eve, in an original piece entitled ' Matrimony,' and they have been plajing to good housei all tke week. Miss Cooper haicroiit versatility of latent, tho sings, play, and dancer; and In tho heavier portions of the cntortaiomtnt cvincaa the pos session of tragic Dowers. Sh; Ii well supported by Mr. IJontl (lirdi^z, wlioto imitkiions of Mr. Chorlea Kean aa Hamlet ii inimitiblo. Svdsev.— (From last Saturday's Hell.)— The first appearance of Mr. Dud Mrs. Charles Kean in Macbeth, on last Monday night, created no inconsidcrablo amount of intercut, aud tho at tendance was proportionate to Ibe occasion, as also on its repelltbn on Wedn'sday; while the production of the ' Straurrer ' and tho ?'Wonder, '' for Mrs. Kenn's benefit (under vlct-rB/sl patronage), on Tuesday, was equal'y remunerative to the treasury. Kxpcctallon is on tbe out t-!rc for the produc tion of the burletque nud pii.tomiuie, which btta been fur Rome time in prepiraiion, and 1«, we hear, to be produced with tho same attontion to the m!it tn tetne, vrblch his already brought men reputation ou tlio theatre. Mi -3 Georgia liodson sustains the chicl part in tlio opening, and our friend Fred. Ynunge makis his first appearance In a new phase of his diairiktic existonoe, that of 'laughing, tnmbllni.', merry making, and ante- Shakspercan Clown ' With tbo exception of a new burlesque, there has ben little to chronicle in Ihe w»y nf novelty durinsr tbo past week at tbe Victoria. Mr. and Mrs. Chnrlei I), lion iiave appoarcl in 'ltlchard III,' ' Itob Riy,' and ' Belphegor.' Tho husy nota of prrnuatiou is Hounding loudly in all departments of tliu e-tabliehmont for tho production of (ha nr-w Cl.ristnns extinvaginzt and pantamitne of ' Harlequin Gulliver,' which, report says, contains all this u.'crnents of unequi viciil succcsr. A coupla of iccnts bboumling in local alluiiona hiic been expressly written for tbo introduction of a numerous troupe of cliiUlron, whose marohes, oountermareiieii, proceailous, and appropriate costume* wil. form at ony rato a new feature in the entertainments provided for tho holiday folks at this festive p'riod ; and wn wish Mr. Tolano a due sboro ol the public complement) ot tho 8'iasen, CA*XW K.-Though the rat pit nt Iho Sand ridge Inn wai crowded to oxosnon Boxing night, to witness tbe kiting for the Champion 1 up, open to all, tbo nporl was but Indifferent. Of Iho four dogn entered, ouly oua put In ou appear ance-, so that limner hud no ultemniive hut lo cntor ona of his dogs. He won anxtou* to give, tbe cup t'i bo curnpdtoil A.r generally, hit own kennel only being excluded j but, rather than disappoint bin palroiu, lie entered Buck. Mr. At ktoscm'aVcnoru killed taurntH in threo mliiutes; Uuckhtd elovon raU allotted to-f.im, which ho dispatched In two minutes seven uccouds, and wun tho cup. Marrying a woman for liur beauty 1b UUe catiupr n bird fur ita ulnglng. Why would a policeman be oortaln of being hoaton Iu a prize-flgbt ? — Because ho nevor would coma up to time. Tjiu Mobt UtitKor McTiton oi' Deteii minino llunsz Powbb— Stand behind m.d tlcklo bis bind legs nith a briar. .Tub great raoo bctwien a nightinaro and a clothcs-horno chuic air rcccully. Tho man who entered Ibo nioro wasn't wido nwaku; to tie homo took tho piize. J.Any Yaiimoutk nsked Otrrlok why f.jvo was nlway» re|irciautud o» u child J ' Uet- ause,' said ll)' grt-at actor, ' ho never rcacLca the years of windorn and rllsorotlan.' Jhpantim: iMKociixoE.— 'Papa, dlrlu't you whip mo once for biting llttlu Tuiaiuy 1' 'yes, my dear; you hurt him much.' ' Wall, raSsii, papa, you ou^bt to whip si.uor'a muaie niTstor loo ;. ho bit (liter yestor.lay i.f:oriioon rlgbt 011 the mouth; and I know it hurl hor, heouwi ohe put her arms around hli nock mid tried to cLoke lilm.' Lanohoiink iravolled to Chlnhcster to visit Iho gravo of Collinft, his favourite poot. Tho soxtou having shown him tho grave, Lnuahornc bectiuo vory Beutimental and deeply aOcclcil. ' Ah I' said tho sexton, ' you may wnll giiavu for Mr, L'olllii', for ho was au honest inuu and a flrat-rate tailor.' Ki'.Al, HiiitoiiS.— Men who Fiicoocd In rr-- inovlnu wantn from Iho creation, f»Uelioails f.om our memory, and disgraces from our nnlurp, nro to tho rualau of triilb wlut the horoo»«t my thoJojty are to tho primitive World.— ihpjr leamu tlia ouuibor i;f mounters fru the cartli. 