KENT TOWN WESLE7AN JUBILEE CaUKCH. For a considerable time the want of a place of worship has been felt by the inhabitants of Kent Town, where there is a large population, and the Wesleyans thought it a fitting opportunity now—in the year of their Jubilee—to commence a building to the honour of God. Accordingly, Monday afternoon, October 10, was fixed for the interesting ceremony, of laying the foundation stone. The weather was somewhat threatening and exceedingly sultry: but notwitstanding this there was a very large attendance of men, women, and children. The scholars of the Norwood Wesleyan Sunday-School assembled at the chape! . on the Parade, whence they marched in procession tothe«ite of the new chapel. At 3 o clock the proceedings commenced by singing the hymn 'From all tliatdwcll below the skies;" after which the Rev. B. C. Flockart read the 2nd chapter of the 2nd Book of Chronicles, and then engaged in prayer. The Bev. S. Iposside read the following, as being a copy of what' was contained in the bottle to be deposited in the stone ''The Wesleyan Method is' Magazine for Adelaide, No. 1, with copies of the circuit plans for Adelaide, First, Second, and Third Circuits; minutes of the last Australasian Wesleyan Conference, held in Melbourne January last; the jiegister and Adver tiser papers of this day's date; a few coins of the realm of the present reign; a parchment on which is inscribed as follows:—'In the name and to the glory of the one Cod, almighty and ererlasting Father, Son, and Holy Uhost, this foundation stone of the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church was laid by the Kev. Samuel Ironside, the Superin tendent of the Adelaide Tliird Circuit, on the tenth . day of October, in the year of our Cord one thou sand eight hundred and sixty-four, and in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, Queen of Great Britain j and Ireland, Sir Domiuick Daly, E.G. 11., Governor of the colony of Soutli Australia. This building is called the Jubilee Church, as it is being erected in the jubilee year of the Wesleyaui Missionary Society and of the Australasian Wesleyan Metho dist Church. The Kev. James Butler, of New Zealand. President of the Conference; the Kev. John Watsford, Chairman of the District of South Australia; the following gentlemen being trustees of the church, viz.John Ballautvnv, ltichard N. Benncts, James Billing, William Clark, John Oolcon, JSLP., Bobert if. Gault, Henry Goss, ~ " trris, Michael Kingsborouab, Thomas George P. Harris,™...—. —„, - Padman, Charles Pitt, William Khoaes, W. H. Sharland, K. E. Tapley. Architects, Messrs. Wright & Woods.- Builders, Messrs. English and Brown. M. Kingsborougli, Esq., Treasurer. K. E. Tapley, Esq., Secretary. "Except the Lord build the house they labour in vain that build it."—Psalms cxxviL. I.' " Mr. (J. P. Haruis here advanced, and handed a trowel and polished cedar, mallet to the Kev. S. Ironside, who had been appointed to lay the stone. The rev. gentleman expressed his thanks for the gift, and then duly laid the stone, announcing that he did so in the name of the Father, of the Son. and of the Holy Ghost, and praying for a blessing on all connected with the undertaking. He then remarked that it was with great pleasure that he had accepted the unanimous wish of the Trustees to lay the foundation-stone of that church. Nothing that he had done or should do while con nected with the province should he look upon with greater pleasure than the official act lie had just performed. . They did not build that house in opposition to any other Christian Church. The motto of their Church was—Friends to all, enemies to none. There was no place of worship yet in that township. The inhabitants there had no im mediate means of grace to attend upon, and many of theinhabitants had some distance to go to chapeL The frieuds interested had therefore thought it a very necessary work, and believed God would bless them in erecting another building to His worship. He was glad to see ,so many present to sanction so .important and necessary an under taking. The children of the Sunday-School then sung two verses of the "Jubilee Hymn," composed by ThornleySmitli. The Itev. J. Watsfoed, Chairman of the South Australian District, mounted the stone", and said after the melting he had experienced he should not detain them very long, were he able to do so. They had laid that day the. fouadation- stone of another Wesleyan chapel, and every Christian, he thought, would rejoice in the erection of a house of prayer. It was pleasing to him and to all of- them to see so many places <of worship being built in the colony, and especially iu Adelaide. Heirejoiced that they had laid the foundatiou-stoneof a Wesleyan chapel, because in it "they were, sure the glorious Gospel truths would ever be proclaimed. If asked the nature of the trutlis to be there declared he should say in the words of old Methodism, "A present salvation for all men froig Ml sin." They preached and taught the glorious truth that for all ou< JLord was crucified—that He was the propitiation for sin, and that salvation-would be secured by faith m Him alone. Iu the language-of the great Dr. Guthrie—glorious words those—"It binds the zoue of mercy round our Yartli. and perish the hand that would shorten it a hand's breadth." 'lbey held to the truth that it was their privilege and pleasure not. only to be forgiven, but to be cleansed from all unrighteousness, and be preserved soul and spirit to the day of His coming. They would teach also that this was to he obtained in the present life by faith in Jesus Christ. He rejoiced in the erection of that bouse . of prayer,. because if they looked at the plans they would see that it would not only be a commodious chapel, hut alsoa very elegant building; and it would be a good one, because they knew it was in the right hands. Ii must not be thought that beautiful buildings or architectural beauty Were necessary. Their.fathers of old preached the Word of God in bams and1 kitchens and mud..and log huts, and God had blessed tlieir labours by -the conversion of many souls: but they believed no -r that as a Church they were in a position to build better "Houses of prayer than theirfathera haiL They believed it was the dntv of the Church to do this, and he rejoiced to see his brethren perform this important duty of theirs. In that house of prayer they should labour for the conversion of /pen. The salvation af t.be soul and nothing'.else wotrfd ever satisfy them. He hoped when that church was erected that on many a day the communion rail would be thronged by broken-hearted penitents seeking the pardon of their sin.. He prayed that. God might grant His own blessings to this undertaking, that all con-"'1 necfcdwithit would be preserved from accident and evil, and that every blessing:-would, rest upon their labours, for the liedeemer's;sake. A collection was then made,' and many offerings were laid on the stone. This was followed by singing and prayer, and the ceremony was con cluded l>y the benediction. - Subjoined is a description of the building, which has been supplied by the architects (Messrs. Wright and Woods);— "This new building is to be cruciform in plan witb a tower and steeple at the north-eastern in'ersectionof the nave and aisle walls, anil when . finished will be capable of accommodating 1,000 persons. It is proposed at present to build the nave only, which will be 70 feet long, 40 feet wide, aud 53 feet to the ridge, un<l will bold 440 persons. The design is transition Gothic, lighted by. six l.ncet windows op one side and five on the other, and by two small windows and one large ttaeery window in front. The former are so arranged that, /inn.lnlf rtf nnoll wirtfl w will nnon lint tbn J-iMav one-half of each wind w will open, but the latter is to be filled with stained glass. The entrance is through a large door' iu front and another under the tower, lioth being rich with mouldings, open ing inside into a" screen under the choir. The' inside of the building will receive its adornment from the roof, which will be open and supported on moulded principals resting on carved corbels, and will be stained .to represeut oak; the ceiling will he boarded and painted .white, thus giving a good relief to the principal timbers.. The ceiling is nut open to the ridge, but is finished at the collar beam, so as to leave a good space for heated air. "Ventilation is continued through Mr gratings iu the walls under the floor and in the aisles, thence it escapes through perforations in the ' ceiling into the open air through numerous apertures in the root. The walls are of Dry Creek' rubble masonry, neatly pointed with cut stone dressings. The roof is to be slate. The designs are by Messrs. Wright & Woods, and the builders - Messrs/ English & Brown, .who have contracted to build the save for £2.755." The children tvere then regaled with tea and the usual concomitants of that beverage, and this was followed by a public tea in a tent which had been erected for the occasion, within which a large number sat down. Tea being concluded and the equipage, removed, a public meeting was held under the presidency of Mr. Jo! in (Jolion, M. P. The meeting was opened by singing a bymin and offering of prayer by the Key. M. Wilson. After which tm anthem was sung by the choir—" The earth is the lord's." Mr. RL Kjkgsbobough then read a general financial statement, which showed that the total subscriptions promised amounted to.£l,l(iSlls. 5s., including a munificent gift of £200 by Mr. J. Colton. He stated that, the liev. D. J. Draper, when last in Adelaide, promised that when a chapel was commenced in Kient Town he should be nappy to give ££5, which was included in the amount named. The Ch a ip.max. after referring to the peculiar building in which they had met, said lie thought it was exceedingly comfortable, and had answered their purpose very well. He hoped that every indi vidual present would assist in conducting the meet ing. and that at- the end it would be found to have keen profitahle both as regarded the subscriptions received and also of the good which had been gained. He said he felt deeply interested in the movement which had been commenced that day.' The Wesleyan Church: bad purposed-for" many years to erect a place of worship at Kent Town, and he was glad they bad been enabled to find such an eligible site-central and elevated, and a site which would be seen from all points of the compass. This was most desirable in the jeiccticn of a place of worship, which ought to stand out in a manner which would at once show the character of the building. The exterior cf the building/about to be erected would be pleasing and somewhat ornamental. They believed that a little ornament was right in a house-dedicated to God, and from the specifications and drawings it would be beau tiful inside—it wpuld be handsome, commodious, and comfortable. The necessity, for tliis build ing, he thought, must appear to all who were ] acquainted with the position of the Adelaide cir ■cuirs. Hi fine-street tuey seated 1,200 persons, and I i,000 sittings were taken. There .were numerous j families who could not be accommodated, and he | regretted the Stewards were not able to afford the accommoda'.ion which was required. At Norwood, I | also, he fouud that the chapel was filled every Sunday, and that it was impossible to give ao.om modaticn to the increasing population. 1'rom ' these statements it would appear that this building in Kent Town was necessary. Within a very few yards or it a number of persons who attended | Adelaide or Norwood would be able to listen to the preaching of the Word. It was ; not desired to drain Tine-street aud Norwood ' chapels, but to give way to persons whom -it was difficult now to accommodate there. The ; Trustees had gone into the subject, and they were hearty, zealous Methodist men, who entered upon ! it in the confidence-that God would he amongst I them. He would not-boast of Methodism, as it I stood out boldly in this and the other colonics; but a few statistics would be interesting to ' the friends present. Throughout the colony they .had 120 churches, not of wattlo ami dab, but- good sutatantial buildings. He was glad to know that in various - parts of the colony the inhabitants were evincing a scat in 1 teiest- in the'cause, and were planting places in ■which Ooa might- be worshipped. Foundation stones of other buildings werefceips laid and other erections were contemplated. The Wesley arts thus gave accommodation for 2I.C00 of this population of the ?oimy, or one-satQdb cS ft1-? whole. In Victoria the Wesleyan Church accommodated one twelfth of the inhabitants, and a twenty-third in New South Wales. South Australia therefore took a proud position, and he hoped they would pro press with the advancing wants of the colony. lie thought they ought to feel satisfied that they had not commenced the work before it was wanted; but hitherto the Tiustees had not seen their way clear; and if they would only assist them that night—and lie was pleased to see so many from all directions- they should see their way much clearer than they did even now. They had met to gain their sympathies, their prayers, and their money. and they wanted the young men to connect them selves with the cause. That was plain siaxon, ai . and he was sure they would all understand him. He hoped when the building was erected it would he crowded with devout worshippers anxious to listen to the preaching of the Word. He left the matter with those present and with the speakers who should follow, ar.d stated that an opportunity would he afforded the meeting of displaying their liberality. . The liev. W. Bnowx moved the first resolution as follows:— "That this meeting being persuaded of the great necessity of providing church accommodation for the rising and important district of Kent Town, u Inch as yet possesses neither church nor chapel, rejoices that at length the foundation-stone of a substantial and commodious place of worship has been this day laid. All who had been permitted to take part in the service must, he thought, heartily rejoice. He rejoiceij, and would rejoice in it. The resolution was of a jubilant character, aud. the.word rej-ice would form his text. The circumstances attending the laying the foundation-stone were matters of rejoicing to all true Christians. He rejoiced that the stone had been laid to the glory of the Triune God, not for the propagation of any sect or name, hut where the Gospel would be preached in all its simplicity, and, God grant, with all ils power. Souls, lie hoped, would be bom toGod and prepared for immortality, and from that centre should radiate < cmporal mercies through the neighbourhood. He rejoiced in the work, because it was a discharge ia part of their denominational responsibility. He rejoiced in having an elegant building, and a building to show that they were actively engaged in the work of God. Methodism came to them with its vast responsibilities, as well as with all its successes and glories. Their fathers erected chapels, and sustained in all their power the truths upon which Methodism was founded. Their fathers had built for them, and they must build for their ch ildren. In circumstances of want many places had been erected by their fathers, and they had been blessed in having these responsibili ties left to them to parpetuate: on the earth. He rejoiced, also, because it opened a way for the liberality of persons in the Adelaide Third Circuit to flow. He would not say they were not liberal, but it was their duty to see that channels were opened for the exercise of Christian liberality aud love. They were told it was more blessed to give than to receive. They, too. had experienced that giving was a means of grace, and why should they deny tiiat means of grace to any one; tie rejoiced, because in this church they had the' type of the upper sanctuary in heaven. It was a happy thought that in the'worship of God on the earth they had a type of -the' service which they should render in heaven. It reminded'them of the'homc of saints, of kindred, and of God. Could he recal the associations of childhood—the Gelds in which they wandered, and the lanes in which they strolled '—they would love ■ the sketch because of the re membrances which it awakened; and in these earthly sanctuaries they were reminded of the home of Jesus—the Elder Brother—of saints who had gone before, and of friends whom "they'hoped to meet again. Hcmight outnumber himself in the reasons for his rejoicing, but he would conclude by expressing the nope that the work begun would go on prosperously, and that they would continue to rejoice. Mr. Thomas Padmak seconded. He remarked that he never felt bashful in addressings W esleyan congregation; but as there were many there that night, lie should make very few remarks. All he could say was that the movement had his sympathy, and he had given as much pecuniary assistance as he could.- He was glad the Church had been erected, because it was certain that by their Church government nothing but the pure Gospel would be preached. They intended to preach the three "li s," asBowland Hill called it— " Ruin of men by sin; redemption of our world by Jesus Christ; and regeneration of our nature by the Holy Ghost." fie concluded by an earnest appeal for their prayers and their pecuniary the assistance in aid of the cause. The motion was theu put, and carried unani mously. An anthem "When the Lord shall build up lAn" W9C flion ennrr Kw frtira nViniw .Zion" was tben surig by the choir. This Eev. John Cope moved— " " That as the Trustees of the Sent Town Jubilee Church have laid themselves under considerable pecuniary obligations in their endeavour to meet the religious wants of this locality, this meeting pledges itself to assist the Trustees in their under taking to the utmost of their power." . He expressed his great pleasure at being present; but he could have wished that some one more accus tomed to begging than lie should have moved the motion, fie scarcely knew what to say more than had been said. .The Chairman had made the case so plain—the necessity had been made so apparent for a church there—that he .saw nothing by which a Methodist congregation Could shi k its responsi bility. He had -also yet-todeam that it was necessary to urge Such a meetings to. gave of'their suhstauce to nuch a cause. He did not think the Methodist public wanted to be .urged upon to do tliis. There was-too much honesty ana zeal for the Trustees to fearthat their responsibilities would not be^relieved. The necessities.ota place of worship, had beep laid before them, and they might look-at it With j°J< because it was the ijjtst. in -the township, and/because also they were specially connected With it. The commercial aspect, however,- oyas that if a thing .was* worth having if must bepaid for. -He should &e; sorry to live in a township which had. not giypn in its sympathy to the causcof religicm by thewection of. a house of prayer. A place of worship exerted a great infioencenpon the neighbourhood in which it was situated. Apart from the ministrations in it, the very fabric put those who looked upon it in mind of God, and though they might stop then ears to the sound of the church going hell, the building.would silently address them. The more a place of worship leavened a neighbourhood the moiedesirable .was .that place asA Place of. jresi-. deuce and for the bringing up of children. He should be sorry for bis children to he brought up without such buildings around them, and there fore every person entrusted with the bringing up of children would have a great auxiliary in their important work. He was- glad to hear that the church was to'be of respectable appearance.. - He had no sympathy with barn-like buildings when they had means to make better ones. Better were tbe mud huts than nothing, but when they could erect something better it was their duty to do so/ He did not advocate the useless expenditure of money in ornament, but let the building testify its character and the liberality of those who erected it. The more" comfortable the. .church was as well as beautiful the more the chijdren would be attached to the service, and what ever had the effect of wedding them to the service of God should stimulate the parents to liberality. He wanted them to see .that in con tributing liberally they were following out their own interest. But there was anotherlight in which it should be considered—the light of .duty. He feared this was practically ignored by many. He knew it was said that the Kew Testament did not direct them as-tlie- Old Testament did to set apart a particular.portion of their income for the service of God, "and also that the sacrifices aud cere monies under the old law. were not now enjoined. He granted this. But they were not yet released from the principle wliich ran through all "those old laws; it emerged again from -the resurrec tion of Christ with. even greater force. Not on the ground of duty,, but from other motives was it .presented to th-m. It was not be cause they were hound, but because there was in. the Christian religion a class of motives which stimulated them to more extended benefi cence than any appeal to duly could do. Haul, in pleading with the Corinthians, might have appealed on the ground of duty; hut he presented another.aspect of the case —" For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, thatthough he was - rich, yet for your sakes he became poor." What a depth of affection, what a profundity of love was in those words. I et that miml he in them which was in Christ, and let that spirit come out of them in a practical form. Let them emulate Jesus Christ. Be in that instance Bis disciples, and in their appeal let it appear that they were acting on motives which influenced Christ. The Rev. B. 0. Flockabt seconded. Mr. Cope ■ bad been coping with a good many difficulties, but bis advice to Mm was to take it calmly. In connection with that , day's engagements ne bad been most happy, and be was thankful. The pathos of his heart was as voting that day as eTer ic was. When he looked on the meeting he felt proud of it. Infidelity did not convene such meetings as that, because it ignored that Bible which encouraged social gatherings. He was pleased with the idea to designate 'the building a -Jubilee Church, because - he . . .was happy at having in that "jubilee year so many jubilee .churches and chapels to keep' in the minds of their children the eventful year. June 16.1838. was a.ied-letter day for South Australia. At that time on the deep blue sea there was passing a little sluo. the Fauny. After en countering many difficulties, she was dashed as a wreck on the Kn counter Bay coast, The venerable Mr. Longbottom, Ms wile, and son were there: and little did they think it was a providence of God in casting them upon a land where they should bringso many condemned through the fall to the salvation of Christ. Little did the members of that family think of the results which should follow the sad circumstances in which they were plunged. They lost all of a worldly character; but oil. what a gain! Intelligence was brought to Adelaide; but for tliespace of a month they suf fered considerably. They were brouglitto Adelaide, received from the small Christian Church there a true South Australian welcome, and the influence of that welcome had continued to exert itself even till now. 'i hey found that the Church was expe riencing the want of a head, and in answer to their prayers this man of God had been evidently sent to them. The chaprl in wMch they worehipr ed became too strait' for them, and twelve months after a place of woisliip was e-ected ioGawler place to. the Triune Deity. As-time rolled on Mr. •Longbottom laid the foundations of the Wes leyau economy, and he was followed by Mr. lipgleston, Mr. TVeatberstone, and Mr. Draper. For several years South Australia was placed in connection with the Sydney District. When Mr. Longbottom came he found six local preachers, who were devoted to the cause of God; seven class-leaders, leading several by the green pastures: 50 church members; and 100 Sunday scholars. It was gratifying now to think that the little one had become a thousand and the small one a great nation. They now had 19S invaluable and praise worthy local preachers, 241 class - leaders, 3,4-12 church, members, and in 110 ■ Sunday schools there were being tav.dit 7,251 children. He thought the cliapal they had commenced would be worthy of themselves. Be did not wish to boast of the success of their efforts, and he hoped the day would soon come when it would he seen that they were on the most friendly terms with their other Christian bretluren. In 3S40 Mr. Long bottom was obliged to remove to Van Diemen's Land, and Mr. ISggieston and Mi. "VVeaiherstone came to this colony. In 1S43 the colony was accused, of beine a pauper population, lint he re- , joiced in the fact that it was a libel on their, characler. But notwithstanding this South Aus tralia sobered considerably; and in 1844 the name of South Australian Methodism was struck off the roll for a short period through misrepresentations. But the Church wrestled in prayer, and it was strange that Mr. 'Longbottom was the man who was again sent in 1844 to be the repairer of the b:each. Mr. Longbottom did much good; bnt ■ there soon came a long-Iieaded, large hearted Draper, who measured out the land. Then came their Butters, and now they had their "Watsfqrd-at the head of their Circuit, But the . est of all was that God was with them. Thev t ejuiced tint "the year of jubilee had come," I and he would say, " return, ye ransomed sinners, ■ home." He appealed to thetn to spread Bible ■ truth, and thus lay the foundations of a new nation. JBut coming to the question of money. He did not ' intend to beg, becau-e there was money everywhere, ; am} he did not intend to insult their Jubilee meet 1 ing. The motion being put to the meeting was carried nem con. ! The Chairman remarked that the .original i contract for the building was £:!,009, and they ' had got about £1,20:1, so that they required " £S0D more before they could meet the Conference arrangement. He remarked also that they hoped to open the chapel in May, and.when the loof ivas 0:1 the ladies had decided to hold a ba2aar, which would be about January. The Rev. U. T. Burgess expressed pleasure and honour in having to move — " That the thanks of this meeting be given to the Chairman of the Liistiict for his valuable address that afternoon." The respected Superintendent of the Circuit, he said, had won his way in the affections of ail persons by his bold and manly conduct, and though he was not present that evening, they might rest assured that lie was hard at work some where. Sir. W. Sharland, in a brief and appropriate speech, seconded the motion, which was put and carried. The Key. M. Wilson moved a vote of thanks to the ladies, to the stewards, aiid the choir; also to Sir. Justice Gwynne for a gift Of oranges, and to Sir. Oramond for a supply of water. The motion was seconded by Sir. H. Goss, and carried unanimously. The choir having "sung "Thine, O Lord," Sir. G. P. Harris moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman, who, he said, was ever ready to lend his assistance in a good cause. The Rev. S. Ironside seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously, and briefly acknowledged. The doxology and benediction closed the meeting shortly before 10 o'clock. The total amount of funds, promised and id hand, including the day's services, was about £1,200. 