THE SWIMMING MATCHES. TO 'i'h k EDITOB. Sir — Seeing an account of the swimming matches iu your valuable periodical, which came off on Satur day, the 5th, could you inform me what is the trophy that is given to the champion swimmers of South Australia, and under what conditions is it held ? I see that the youths under 18 have a belt to hold against their antagonists. By answering this through your paper, you will greatly oblige, Yours, &c;, WM. OLIVER, Mintaro. [On enquiry we find that there is nothing beyond the honor connected with the championship, so far as men swimmers are concerned ; but we have it upon authority that if Mr. Oliver, or anybody else, chal lenges to swim Mr. TJnwin (at present the champion swimmer of the colony) for any sum from £5 up to £50, there is no doubt that amount can be raised^ Respecting the youths' class, we are informed that a silver cup, besides the belt, will be competed for at the matches to be held iu March next. — Ed.] About 10 o'clock on Friday evening an accident occurred in Hindley-street. Opposite the Blenheim Hotel, a trap driven by Mr. A. Coventry came into collision with a gingerbeer cart, and the former was much damaged. No further injury fortunately was done. The Melbourne Herald has the following : — ' We are informed that the Cabinet have under considera tion a complete system of national defences, and will be prepared to lay it before Parliament as soon as the House meets. The visit of Commodore Sir William Wiseman to this colony was at the request of the local Government, who were aware some six months ago of the story first made public in the Times as to the alleged intentions of the Bussiau Emperor in the event of a war with England. The authenticity of the rumor may^however, be doubted, since the source from which it emanated was the agent of the Polish. Insurrectionary National Government, who commu nicated it to the authorities of the various Australian colonies.' Messrs. Steele, Leslie, and Taylor gave their first entertainment at the Victoria Theatre on Friday evaning, the 25th instant. There was a very crowded and fashionable audience, and the whole entertainment went off with gftat success. Before the performances commenced Mr. Leslie offered an apology for any defects that might be observable during the evening, as the delay in the arrival of the Bangatira had not allowed the time requisite for making- all the ar rangements he considered necessary. Mr. Leslie's apology was very well received by the audience, and the curtain then rose upon the panorama illustrating the American War. This comprised twelve remark ably spirited and elegantly painted views of the most celebrated events in the greatest civil struggle of the age. Mr. Leslie gave a descriptive account of each locality as it appeared on the canvas, and interspersed his lecture with several amusing anecdotes, delivered with inimitable humor. Mr. Steele also performed on the piano during the shifting of the scenes. The second part of the programme commenced with a violoncello solo by Mr. Steele, whose execution was, /in t.tiia nnnacinn 40 liA-*af:f\£n*«a mnaf .i-aa-atn-A-il Ann accurate. Mr. J. B» Taylor then sang a capital song, and the Amateur Christy Minstrels, assisted by Mr. Leslie, performed several of the pretty negro melodies which bear the Christys' name. The entertainment concluded with the 'Carnival D'Afrique,' or masquerade ball, a most amusing per formance, in which Mr. Leslie as Slim Jim convulsed the audience with laughter. At the fall of the curtain Mr. Leslie was loudly called for, and expressed his acknowledgments for the patronage bestowed upon the entertainment. He also announced that ti-.i% evening would be the hist entertainment they wouid be able to give in Adelaide, as they left by the mail steamer for India. As a matter of course the theatre will be crowded this evening, for the public will not lose the opportunity of seeing for the Ia3t time such. thorough favorites as Messrs. Steele and Leslie hare proved themselves to be. The only matter for regret is that this is the last evening ; for the entertainment is so good that we are sure it would have had a very successful run. We trust that in their tour in India and China the proprietors may meet with that degree of support to which the excellence of their entertain ment undoubtedly entitles them. By a reference to our advertising columns it will be seen that the optical delusion known as the ' Ghost ' will be ex hibited. ' In consequence of the tender of Mr. Francis. Reynolds being accepted for the building of the Town Hall at Port Adelaide, he will retire from the Mayoralty. Some other person will have to be nomi nated to-day. We hear several names mentioned — Mr. J. W. Smith, Captain Bickers, and others— as being asked to consent to be nominated. It is at present uncertain who will be the coming man. RmrEDTE. — The Riverine Herald has the follow ing in reference to the practice which it seems is in. vogue on the Sydney 'side of the Murray: — 'The system of personal search at present pursued by the Sydney revenue people certainly calls for remark. It cannot surely be necessary, and is, at all events, ex ceedingly annoying and irritating. Women witii infants in their arms, and young children, are daily stuck up on the pontoon bridge and subjected to search. Whatamount ordescription of dutiable goads are expected to be found on their persons it is net easy to understand. Surely not a great amount of revenue can be lost by any smuggling that might be attempted to be carried on by parties of the sex and age mentioned. A few days ago a laboring man'return injf home on the northern bank of the river, riok with *'m » bottle of colonial ale. This being found on his person, he was cautioned by the searcher not to transgress in the manneragain. Numerous instates of this sort have, we are assured, lately occurred, mvi we-think it right to draw the attention of the officers in charge to .the matter; and we must say, if this sort of searching is carried on with their permission, we «hall learn the f aofc with much regret.' 