XEMPLEES. [from onr own Correspondent, f Templere. Oct 7. The laying of the foundation-stone of Mount Bethel new Wesleyan Jubilee Chapel, near Tem plere, took place on Thursday, the 6th inst., at 3 p.m. The weather was delightfully fine and the event attracted a large concourse of visitors. The chapel grounds were decorated with evergreens and large flags, kindly lent by Mr. Percival of Gawler Bailway Station. A nicely-finished motto over the entrance, worked, we believe, by the ladies of Mr. John Webb's family, assured the visitors of a cordial welcome to the inside of the large marquee where the good things of this life awaited them; the marquee hrfiy alio decorated with evergreens and a choice selection of flowers gave a really beautiful appearance to the place. .The business of the day began with singing and prayer. Mrs. B. C. Fiockart then proceeded to lay the stone as " the foundation-stone of a chapel where the Gospel in all its simplicity shall be preached according to the doctrines of Wesleyan Methodism, in the name of the "Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost;" after which a collection was .made. The people then adjourned to the mar quee, where au abundant repast was provided for them. Between 200 and iOO sat down to tea. At 7 p.m. the public meeting took place, presided over by Mr. Joseph Wasley, of Slieaoak Log, who called on Mr. Lock to engage in prayer. The Bev. R. C. Fiockart in his own style presented the financial report. Messrs. Mankey, Scown, Lock, and Webb then addressed the meeting in a very apjirojiriate and excellent manner. The Kev. it. C. Fiockart. gave a very eloquent and touching address, referring the minds of his audience to the time when there was not a Wesleyan minister in the whole colony, and then contrasting it with the present prosperity of that branch of the Christian Church. /They might well exclaim, " What • hath God wrought!" A vote of thanks to the ladies for their kindness on the occasion, to the District Council for the use of the schoolroom, and to the Chairman, closed the day. long to be remembered by the people of Templers as a day of good things. The stone was brought from Teatree Gully quarry. The articles placed under it were a copy of the last week's Observer and Chronicle, the Minutes of the Aus tralasian Conference, 1S63, a printed copy of the Home Mission, list of subscriptions, a bill of the day's services, a circuit plan, and a tea-meeting ticket In the bottle was placed a paper contain ing a list of the names of the trustees, a list of the above articles, the name of the contractor Mr. B. E. Deland, of Gawler), the name of the circuit minister, and items in connection with the British and Australasian Jubilee Meetings. The dimensions of the chapel when finished will be 25 x 35 feet in the clear; and it is estimated will cost about £600. The amount already .collected towards this is about £220. 