Garibaldi's visit to England and its abrupt termination before be had even entered upon his mission to " tho working men " of the Kingdom, form a \- combination ot things fraught with matter for serious consideration. " The signs of the times" are conspicuously ; manifest throughout the whole affair. . The intelligent but exuberant rejoicings of the crowd showed that they have begun to cherish hopes of early organic changes in their favour, in the social i and political order of things,- and that they hailed Garibaldi as the imper- -i sonation of the motive power, whichhas , - idready begpn. to accomplish these changes. The .diplomatic tact, with , which the aristocracy kept Garibaldi \- all to themselves, and then politely and \- cleverly got him quietly out of- the ' kingdom, beyond "all possible reach of contact with the crowd, plainly indi- .. cated the fears of the upper classes.' Tll.ey dreaded tho ' atmosphere of chivalry, of high feeling, of truth, and ot that very commonplace, but very valuable thing in ordinary life — respeot- . ability — which Garibaldi would throw around those opinions and Actions " which in aristocratic eyes are revolu- — - tionary to tho last degree. The visit ., and its abrupt termination thus bring ; out the hopes of the one class and the . fears of the other into prominent relief; ; and in addition reveal the faot that . both clearly see and understand their a respective attitudes of antagonism. J This mutual understanding— this un covering of the hidden hopes and fears ; of the governors and the governed could not have been so plainly mani- t- . fested by any other occasion. . Stupendous as the triumphant re- "... Ception of &ambaldi; was it was not, : - perhaps, so remarkable as . .being I a ,;;";,g£eat popular demonstratioh by a, free people in honour of freedom's soldier? apostle, as it was in the Bense to which _ wo refer,' namely, as a revelation of: the tone and temper of tho present times in ' England. It marks the opening of an epoch. It is the- initial point of an era-which gives promise of. startling results at no dis tant day in tho- political world. Let us then-mark this -initial-poirit with em phatic distinctness. Two parties, widely separated from each other by a deep yawn ing gulf, have simultaneously and, as if by instinct, seized on tho truo significance of Garibaldi's un expected and unexampled ovation in tho British metropolis.. There are, as we have said, on tho one hand " the ruling classes " — that portion of .,,tho aristocracy and of the upper' middle class who in England govern the people and sway tho political power of the nation unchecked according to their will, and for the purposes of their order. The other party are the mass of the population, who are at the opposite orin'nr tno cnnln ortniol or»rl wnlSh'/inl " 1 6UW "VUlUj OWUiUt UUU jiumiutill These latter are now awakened to the consciousness that not only they them selves, their industry, and the rich fruits it yields to their masters and to tho country at largo, but also the political infiuenco ana prestige of the Stato, .which is founded upon- the vast accumulation of theso same golden fruits — that all these are applied solely to tho purpose of aggrandising, the aristocratic order, and reducing all the rest of the community to a. political nullity. This is now keenly felt arid fully understood by what the French would call the proletaire class in the United Kingdom ; and what is more, their lordly rulers perceive that tho proletaires feel ana understand it. These same lordly rulers are ever on the alert to keep -far away from British soil, any person or thing that would give outward form and motive- 'force to these workings of the popular -mind. These they regard, and per haps truly, as the undeveloped germs of revolution. And they take care) under all circumstances,, to prevent the close approach of whatever, in their opinion, might chanco to fire the smouldering Clements. They are, per haps, not to blame for this precaution. It is, under the circumstances, natural ; we would no t even say that it is wrong or improper. But what is wrong and improper in this matter is that in their selfishness " the ruling classes " refuso to . amend tho condition of things . which antagonises tho mass of tho population, and gives just grounds for, their rulers' aristocratic' fears and - precautions. They prefer meeting the difficulty by clever subter fuge, as in this case of Garibaldi's sudden withdrawal from London. But without pursuing the subject further, it is sufficient.' for the present to point out that this startling episode of modern British history is the plainest indication as yet given that the upper and lower classes in England instinctively feel that the future is pregnant with a mortal struggle between them, and that future- is not very remote. .It may be a good thing that the"" "phi losophers have taken up even in ,a' modified form the question of Mel bourne drainage, about which so much has been said to no purpose, that, peo ple are weary of "hearing references made to it. If, however; they can agree among each other generally no better than they- did, -particularly at the meet-- ing of the Eoyal' Sooiety, the other evening, it is not very likely that any practical result will follow, their deliber- ations. . The impossibility of the learned to agree upon any given topic was never more certainly demonstrated than in the course of the discussion on Mr. A. K. Smith's paper, read at a previous meeting. Every member appeared to have some pet scheme, or carefully cherished theory, regarding the disposition -of tho sewage and the treatment of storm-water, and each one seemed to take it as personal injury, deliberately contemplated, that any question should be raised as to the completeness of the means he suggested as proper for the attain ment of a common end. The discussion gave one the impression that the whole theory of town-drainage was being considered as a perfectly new proposi tion, and that' nothing had ever been done in any part of the world towards reducing it to a manageable and easily workable system. Certainly the debate was anything but a dull one. Possibly tho . malodorousness of the subject had stimulated the controversial in stincts of the disputants, and they contended against each other with a vigour which would have been most praiseworthy if they could have come to any ultimate determination. The scene was amusing if not edifying, and if the lives and health of the commu nity had not been the principal issue of such a conflict, it would be proper to congratulate the society upon the in creasingly diverting oharaoter of its proceedings. But, as we have many- times said, this question of drainage is really the most vital of all the topics that continually claim public attention, and it is only because special and ur gent reasons have not as yet— happily, for us — forced it irresistibly upon our consideration, that it has not taken the place of every other proposition. Ilence it is not reassuring to find that in place of its receiving that calm attention of which it is so worthy, it serves only 'as a point of "dispute over which the members of : a Scientific body contend very fiercely ; but, as it would seem, with entire forgetfulness of the good that might result by their approaching it in a different spirit. For the opinions expressed upon occa sions such as that to which we are now referring, are not seldom eagerly caught up by those who, in arguing upon the subject, are influenced by no other feelings save those which the desire for rhetorical superiority or political ascen dancy suggest. It is not to be . ex pected that more than a mere fraction of mankind should be actuated by'genuine philcirithropy, and, therefore, if a'legis- latrire should put , aside sanitary ques tions as matters, that ; are unexciting' and wearisome, and should give as: its reason for " not consenting . to their adoption, , that scientific men are at : tissue as to - the particular methods to 'be employed, . there would bo' nothing either absolutely inhumane. -lor Out ol accordance with the common practice. -It - is - only- in - periods of extreme danger, and when under the influence of npprehension for their, own personal safety, that -legislators are driven to effect- a common good in the ' advan tages of which they themsolves parti cipate; It .is ' greatly to bo regretted, therefore, that tfio Royal Society should bo unable to devote itself to a dispas sionate review of such approved modes of town drainago as havo received the warrant of success in England. If the members of this body would- eschew mere polemical encounters,, and form themselves into a committee for the express purpose of reviewing the principal plans which have been adopted during the last few years; and would report as to tho suitability of any of them for the special use of this city, a great service would be rendered to the cominunity:. It. happens, un fortunately, that in the mind of tho public generally, there is no definite opinion whatever in the matter1; There is to be sure a common concurrence in the necessity of something being done, and that somebody ought to do it, but hardly any two persons who engage, casually in conversation about sewer age, can agree as ,to how it is to be efl'ected. The great undertaking of a complete system of drainage such as would free this city and its environs froiri the constant risk of a devastating pestilence, is no doubt a work of serious magnitude vand financial im portance, and should not, therefore, be rashly commenced. But it is not the less necessary to he assured in what way so great a public benefit is to be brought about; and any neglect in arriving at this knowledge is the more -culpable when it is remembered that so much lias been done of lato years at . home in bettering the sanitary condition of the large centres of population. These are in process of becoming well nigh as" favourably circumstanced as the agri cultural districts, and in many instances they are even better off than the rural neighbourhoods. The evidenoe on this point is voluminous, but it is complete, and it is criminal to content ourselves with speculative theorising and useless discussions, when there is so much within , our reach that is prac tical, certain, and therefore, con clusive. If the Royal Sooiety of Victoria will seriously devote itself to tho careful working out of the .subject in the way now suggested, it will not only add materially to its own reputa tion as a scientific association, but it will deservedly earn the gratitude of the present ana many succeeding gene rations. Mr O'ShauaSsy has received an invitation from the Murray - district requesting hiin to accept a formal requisition most numerously signed, calling upoh liira to present himself as a candidate at the ensuing general elections for that district. We have reason to believe that tiie hon gentleman is not likely to feel himiolf at liberty to accept tho invitation in question.' From Balloarat and from Melbourao similar invitations are understood to havo been brought under Mr OlShanassy'8 notice, but whether he will give up his old and tried constituents at Kitmore for those of nny other place who may be on the look-out for a distinguished representa tive is, wo think, very problematical. The hon gentleman mo- 1 likely thinks that as ICilmoro has stood by O'Shanassy through good re port and evil report, O'Shanassy will stand by Kilmore to the last. . All tho ruffians concerned , In tho robbery of the Fitzroy Bank hare been secured, arid a man' in whose house two of these were found has also been arrested. They will all probably be brought up at the City Police Court this morning. Par-, tieulara of the arrest will be found iri another column. The strange proceedings of Mr Francis Brown, ex-Mayor of Footscray, was the subject of an investigation at the Footrcray Police Court yesterday. A report will be found in another column. . ; A meeting of tho St. Hilda Council was to have been held last evening, but it lapsed for want of a quorum. It was notified by Mr Call, 'one of tho presid ing magistrates at the Footscray Police Court, that applications from publicans for licenses would be heard on the 1st- of July, but notice of their intention to apply should he given fourteen days before. Two coses were fried in the Nisi Prius Court, yesterday. In one, Lawrence v. Barnes, the plaintiff sued on two bills of exchange, given for the purchase of tho brig Eliza. It transpired that the defendant bad returned the vessel, which had subsequently been re-sold for a gree'er sum then the amount of the bills, and n verdict was therefore returned for the defendant. The other action, Donohoe v. Moore, was one of replevin, to try the title to a house lo Little Collins street oast. It was claimed by a Mrs Moran, to whom it had been devised by her father, who died in 18G0. The defendant, the officiol assignee cf Mr P. A. C. O'Fiirrcll, also asserted a right to it by virtue of a conveyance executed to O'Farrell, tu .1861, by Mra Moran (then Mrs M'Veith). The validity of -this document, however, was ques tioned, as her acknowledgment as a married woman had not been taken to it. The question thus turned on whether her first husband was alive in December, 1861, on whleh the evidence was not very clear, but the jury eventually found for the plaintiff. Mr Jolin Sparkes, the agentfor the Peninsu lar and Oriental Steam Company In this city, was summoned yesterday, before the District Bench by Mr James M'Farlane, Immigration officer; for acting as a passage broker without being duly licensed. Mi Dawson who, . ln- atructed by Messrs Malleson and England, ap peared for .the defendant, admitted that 'his client sold tickets for passages -by the mall steamer Madras, on the 26th May last, hut con tended that Mr Sparkes, being a salaried officer of the company did not come within the meaning of the Act which applied, strictly to brokers, . men who acting independently of ven dor or purchaser were paid by commission. Mr A. Read who appeared on. the other side, con tended that the Act did apply, inasmuch as it Included all persons selling or being concerned in, the sale cf passage tickets, . Mr Hackett'. intimated that ho would give his decision on tho following day. The Melbourne correspondent of the Bal loarat Star is responsible for the following election news Mr Nixon, ox-M.L.A., still smarting under the cost ef patriotism, is deter mined to do one of two things, either to oppose Mr M'Cann, should ho stand for Polworth'and South Qrenville, or, if not, to opposo Mr Snod- grass at Dalhcusie. Possibly Mr Nixon may bo Useful to h's country if of no service to himself In the course of action which he has marked out. During the next fortnight Mr -Lalor Is to be at Quccnscliff, and diue with his constituents in that lively,- but rather out-of-the-way, corncrjof South Grant. Mr Lalor is sold.' to be pretty sure of re-election, and to be ambitious of the Speakership, of whlch...heV|tands a rery; fitlr , chauco, as Sir Francis MCfijlifffeturn tisbnie; ) .what probfemaricalj. thodgh, sboul3'dhA Muitbj Boroughs reject, the' worthy ;KnIght, Colllng- , wood is said to bo ' roady and , willing.' There ' Is, however, this little difficulty, that both elections are in. the first batch, and that his i knightship cannot very well test ope place before i the other. . Mr Billlog, the barrister, Is likely to oppose Dr ;Hope, of the Upper. Iloiise, who retires by rotation on the 1st of August next." The public generally, and the inhabitants of East Melbourne in particular, ought to be espe cially grateful to Mr Clement Hodgkinson, the Assistant-Commissioner ofi Crown Lands, for the great trouble and pains which he takes in adorning and laying out the Fitzroy Gardens. We all remember well a few years since, when this reserve used to be an uncultivated waste, and the narrow chasm which runs through the centre was a mere storm-water channel. Since then, however, the fissure has graduully widened, and the water obtained from the Yen Yean is made to flow gracefully through masses of aquatic foliage by the aid of artificial falls. Fountains, too, are now to be found in every corner of the gardens, and statues and statuettes placed on substantial pedestals please the eye and add to the beauty and ornament of the re serve. In addition, the paths have all been well laid out and neatly kept, while the borders have been planted with rows of English trees, which have grown and flourished wonderfully well under the fostering care which has been bestowed upon them. A substantial looking blue-stone cottage, not altogether devoid of architectural design is being erected at the south-west corner of the garden as a habitation for a park keeper. A statement has appeared in some of our contemporaries to the effect that one of the offi cials connected with the Reform League was recently an applicant for a Government appoint ment. We are not aware that his having been so was any offence, either against good morals or good manners, but as some misapprehension appears to exist as to the ical circumstances connected with his application, wo give them as represented to us. The ' gentleman in question, Mr Robinson, appears to have rendered the Heales Ministry important political services during the gcucral election of 1861. ' In fact it 'is stated that lie noted as the agent for the Treasury during the wliolo of the contest. For tlib he was promised by Mr Heales the first vacancy which should occur in the department of the Registrar-General. Accordingly, when Mr Robinson lienrd of the vacancy at Colling- wopd, he wrote to the Cliief-Secrctary, mention ing the promise, and asking whether there was any use in his making a formal application. To this Mr M'Culloch replied on the 3rd May to the effect that the appointment of registrar for Collingwood would- be made in a few days; that he had not had an opportunity of consulting Mr Heales ; but that if Mr Robinson applied for the appointment the matter would be brought before the Cabinet. Accordingly, on the following day, Mr Robinson sent in a formal application, hut not attaching any importance to it, without waiting to hear the result, lie accepted, on the 6th May, the position of secretary to the Reform League. These are the simplo facts about which so much hubbub has been mado. The University Forensic Society held n public meeting on Tuesday evening, at tho County Court, Mr John Maine in the chair, to devise means by which the privileges of tho society might bo made available to a larger portion of its members than has recently a'tended the fort nightly debates. Mr J; J. Moody, the honorary Secretary, reported that the financial position of the'society was satisfactory ; that a large pro portion of the members present at the debates not only previously carefully rend the cases on the subject of debate, but took an active and creditable part in tho discus- nous thereon. The .CouncT, however, considered that in justice to the'members themselves and in courtesy to the Vice-Presidents, who gnve their valuable lime at personal inconvenience, and the benefit of their great legal attainments in elucidating the poiut9 of debate, a larger number of the members ought to attend the debates. After a full dis cussion on this and other subjects connected with the welfare of the society, it was resolved that the members present, at the meeting with others to be invited, pledge themselves to attend the dehates regularly unlc-s illness or other urgent necessity prevents them. A novel action was brought in tho County Court, Ballaarat, on Tuesday, in the cose Stuart , v Allen. The plaintiff had a brood mare, which he valued at L80,. and which had bred from the entires Prince nnd Champion well-known heavy draught horses, nnd lie had contracted to have the mare served this season by the equally well- ;known entire Bothwcll.' But in the plaintiff's absence from home, the defendant's servnnt caused the inhro .to be served by the defgndant's entire horse Clyde, and the mare is now In foal by that eritlre, which tho plaintiff described as " the worst horse in the district," whose progeny was worthless. On this ground, and for loss of the mare's services for two months before and four months nfrer foaling, ' tho plaintiff sought damages. The defence svas that the action was premature, -as the mare had not foaled, and is the defendant's servant had acted without autho rity. On- these grounds judgment was given for tho defendant. " On more than one occasion," says the Geelong Advertiser, " we have called attention to the dangerous and disgraceful practice of cab racing to and from the Railway Terminus, and last night an accident happened from this cause that might bare been attended with serious con sequences. A cab came along Railway terrace at racing speed, when suddenly the horse swerved on to tho pathway, bringing the vehicle into contact with the lamp-post, which was shifted from Its position, and the lamp itself shivered to pieces. The cab likewiso sustained some in jury/ Perhaps the Superintendent of Police -may consider it his duty, to give instructions io the constables to stop this reckless style of driv ing, before an accident happens of a more serious character." The Balloarat East Company obtained 2!)oz of gold last week. The prospects of the company are reported as considerably better, some solid ground having been struck. Tho Wombat Hill Company, Daylesford, has declared a dividend of L10 ibis week. A nugget of gold and quartz mixed, weighing 49oz, was gA on Tuesday by Nye and party in New Chum GuUy, Creswiclc. The nugget is supposed to contain about 40oz of pure gold. From tho various large pieces of gold and quartz mixed which have been found at different periods in the locality, there appears to be no doubt of tho existence of a rich quartz reef in the neighbourhood. - - A qneer subject t The Rev. David Blair, say the Geelong Advertiser, delivered a lecture here on Tuesday night upon " Celebrated Im postors." The Moliagul correspondent of the Dunolly Express writes: — " I have received private and reiiab e information of a 121b nugget having been sold at Tarnagulla, the same being- un earthed at Moliagul and taken there to he sold for the sake of secresy. Of course, the lucky finder is the best judge of ids own affairs, so I make no further comment, but merely iclate the fact for tho encouragement of those who are barely making tucker." Tho Editor of the Express confirms the story thus : — " Tho 145oz nugget to which our Moliagul correspondent refers, was, we understand, really sold at Tar nagulla last week, by a miner from Molingal, who declined to give the whereabouts of its discovery. The riches of the old Mount seem as yet far from being exhausted." "There are aome point' In the Local Go vernment Act" aays the Ballaarat Star, "which seem to have escaped . general notice. One In particular, of some consequence to mining com panies, is that the companies are entitled to a certain number of votes far the shire council in proportion to tho amount nt which they are assessed, and can name' those of their companies whom they mar wish to represent them. The people of Carngham. complain that this matter has been represented . to -the difierent coifc- panies at Beaufort by' the collector or secretary '. to the ebire council, but that no hint has beien . friv$n to ;thosc .working in or around Carngham of themattei'."'' It is stated that the Acclimatisation Society lately formed fti. Canterbury, New Zealand, contemplates purchasing a number of the alpacas which" the Hew South "Wales Govern- ment ors about to sell. ' - Tho New South Wale's government aro about to carry out a similar retrenchment s that' pro- jeeted by our government here in Melbourne, viz., the abolition of the colonlrl storekeeper's department; The Sydney offlco will cease to exist on 1st July. A number, of cases, none of which were of very grave Importance, were disposed of In tho court of Criminal Sessions yesterday, and owing to the large amount of business to be transacted the court sat until a late hour. Amongst tho prisoners who pleaded guilty was a man named James Benson, who admitted uttering a forged cheque for L683 on Cullender and Co. He was sentenced to six years' hard labour on the roads. Thomas Jones was convicted of an assault with intent to commit a capital offence on a married woman m mcd Frances Steer, and was sentenced to three years on the roads.' - John Campbell, a boy about fifteen years of age, was acquitted of a charge of stealing from a shot) at Richmond, but' the case .was an unusuilly painful one, from the cirrumstanco that the principal witness for the prosecution was a boy not more then ten years .of age, who admitted being the actual, perpctra-- tor .of the robbery at the instigation of the prisoner. The artilleryman, charged with1 steal-, lng a purse from Captain Tyler's house, at' Toorak, was found guilty and rcmnnded for sentence. . Those intcrcstedrin the bazaar, lately he'd in aid of the funds of St, Luke's Church, will be glad to know the exact amount gained by their labours up . to this date. L30 or L40 more is expected to be realised by the sale of articles not yet disposed of. Money received nt doors, etc, L8813sfl ; stall 1 (Mcsdames Hughes, Sandl- lands, Shepherd, and Wilson), L131 16s 4d ; stall 2 (Mesdames Baker, Exon, Popplewcll, and Rider), L110 12s 3d ; stall 3 (Mcsdamci Dickin son, Foote, and Flndlay), L105 Os 3d ; stall 4' (Medames Daish and Millidge), L93 lis 8d ; stall 5 (Mcsdames Cole and Whitemnn) L82 16s lid ; stall 6 (Mcsdames Coleman, Coope, David son, Fraser, Jenkins, Patching, and Teale), L71 16s Id; stall 7 (Mrs Hubbard), including refreshments, L60 6s 6d ; total, L767 3s 4d. ; The Alexandra arrived yesterday from -Ade laide. She brought no newspapers with her from S. Australia. There was no business beforo the Williams- town Police Court yesterday. No less than than three attempts were made on Tuesday afternoon upon the till of the Black Bull hotel, at Geelong. Mr Rice, tire proprietor, noticed the proceeding on the second occasion, and resolving to give the would-be- tlricf a change, secreted himself to watclr -his manipulations. Presently the hand was stretched across the counter and was about to- draw forth the till, when Mr Rice jumped up nnd delivered a smash ing blow full In the rascal's face, which stag- gored him. Recovering himself, however, he took to his legs, and made off at top speed, rounding Dalgoty's corner, and heading for the Bay, followed, by a crowd, crying "Stop thief." the fellow.lrlmsclfjoining in the cry as lustily as any one. He was brought to a 'stand in Corio street, taken into custody by Sergeant Golding, and lodged in the lock-up. The Great Republic Company. Ballaarat, is now no more. After a life of several years on the Inkcrman Lead, and with more or less of success, and after passing through several transformations it has at last given up the ghost, and all its corporealities were bought on Tuesday by tho Royal Saxon Company for the sum of L2525. This includes the Lemonade freehold, the Crown land claims, and all the plants and machinery on both the freehold and Crown land claiins. The Weslcyan Chapel at Williamstown having recently undergone extensive alterations and improvements, was re-opened on Sunday last by the Rev. Jo9eplr Dare, who conducted the morn ing and evening services. On Tuesday evening a public tea meeting was held in the same place, which was attended by upwards of 400 persons, of various denominations, the hon 0. F. Verdon occupying the citnir. Among the speakers were the Revs D. J. Draper, J. Da're, J. C. Synrons, W. BlamircJ, G. Wilkinson, J. Clark, and T. H. J ackson, Mr Courtis read the financial state ment, by which it appeared that the cost of the improvements amounted to L550, and that pre vious to commencing the work the treasurer had L330 in hand. A collection having been mado, Mr Mason announced that' tire opening services, including the proceeds of this meeting and .subscriptions promised, had reached the largo sum of L17Q, leaving L50 to bo provided for by the trustees. During the evening the proceed- ings. were enlivened with several well-executed pieces of rnu9ic by the choir, led by Mr G. F. Smith. . Votes of thanks having been passed to tho ladies, the chairman, nnd the choir, the meeting was clostd with the usual benediction. The following are tho returns of gold mining from Liaton, for the week ending 11th June The Atlns Compnny washed out 24oz 5dwt I2gr. A company had lOoz Hdwt. The Redan Com pany got 6oz 16dwt; Dodds' party, 5ozl5dwt; the Golden Age Company, 13oz 13dwt ; the Royal Exchange Company, floz IDdwt. The Sprlngdallalt Quartz Coinpany'a return for the week was 16oz; the Grand Trunk C. mpany, 43oz; the Try Again Company, 78oz ; the Dawn of Hope, 5oz lldwt. In Davis' Tunnels there were got 5oz lOdwt. The return from tho Bull Dog Company's claim for the last fortnight was 47oz 7dwt. The handsome return from the British claim at Linton last week (534 loz of gold) lraa caused shares to riso considerably in the claims of the Waverley and Lucky Companies. Tho Volunteers Company, Linton, had 172oz 5dwt for the week's work. In the yield was a fine nugget, weigh- ing 2oz 12dwt. The other Linton companies got the following, viz. — The Robin Hood Company's return was 46oz Odwt; the Grand Junction Company's was Dloz Odwt 12gr ; the Cleft in the Rock Company had 3Ioz 8dwt 18gr. The prospects of the Hand of Friendship Company, Spring Gully, Cnstlemaine, are said by the M. A. Mail, to be very encouraging, and likely to be of a permanent character. At their' first cleaning up tho returns paid expenses ; and at their lust cleaning up on Saturday last, the yield was 32-rzs, leaving a clear profit of LI 10s per share after paying expenses. They are now about to sink their engine shaft seventy feet deeper. The lode at the bottom of the shaft is of the mo3t promising character. The quartz last taken from the bottom yielded 12dwt per ton. Tho footbridge which crosses the river Yarra at the Botanical Gardens, still remains closed to the public, and workmen have for the last few days been employed in strengthening the frame work of the arch, so as to render It safe for pas sengers until a new bridge can be constructed. In the meanwhile visitors to the Gardens aro compelled to have recourse to the ferrv- boat In order to eff ct a landing on the south side of tiro river. Tho Campaspe Viaduct of the Echuca Rail way— tho completion of which has retarded tho ballasting of the line — now rapidly assumes a finished appearance. Thj engine will be able to cross tho river in about two or three weeks. The erection of this viaduct is one of tire most important works on the wholo line. It will consist of three spans of sixty feet each, tho centre one being forty feet above the present level of tho river. Ample room is laterally left for the overflow of water during floods, such as occurred during last summer. The line is bal lasted, and rails laid all the way to the Cam paspe. It is expected that, at the outside, in three months after the engine is able to cross the river tbe people of Eclruca will be aroused by the snort of the iron horse. We have had reported to' us, on satisfactory- evidence, (sayo the Baiinarat Star)' an- instance of practical good resulting irom - the preaching iei-.i-v.j ' of ,the-Rev.,'VY. Taylor :at( Clime. A person therewho owed L10D to a creditor, but had not only not paid but 'had' denied the debt, was so influenced by the rev. gentleman's address that ' he wrote to the creditor nnd acknowledged and paid the debt. Several other cases of restitution have been at various times reported as following from Mr.'Taylors -ministrations; but few have beon s > striking or so well authenticated as the one we have given above. In. the District Court, yesterday,. Henry Glynn, landlord of the Royal Surrey hotel, Bourke street enst, w.-is fined L5, with 10s Gd costs, for selling, on tiro 10th Inst., spirituous liquors io one John Mullen without being licensed to idoso. It will be recollected that the license ,of tho house was cancelled, on the 9th Inst.; by Mr Hackett on account of abandonment by the licensee, Joliis Allen. At the usual weekly meeting of tho council of the Acclimatisation Society, held on Tuesday, present— Mr E. Wilson; Dr Black, Dr Mueller, Proferror M'Coy, . Dr. Madden, Dr r Joseph Black,- Lleut.-ColoncI Champ, Hon. W. C. Ilalnes, Messrs II. E. Watts, G. W. Rusdcn, 8.' II. Bindon, and II. J. Chambers— a letter was read from -Mr E. L Ltryord, of Cape Town, stating that he was preparing to send a number of pheasants and partridges by H.M.S. Nep tune, shortly expected to call there. These birds had already keen accustomed to confine ment, and were then being kept in the coops in which it wns intended to strip them. A:let(er was also read from the Acclimatisation Society of Great Britain, stating that out of tire fiftecD Wenga pigeons sent in the Mora vian, fourteen had - arrived in a fine healthy condition, this being the most successful shipment hitherto mnde to thntsocicty. A letter from Dr. jfclatcr, secretary to;. tho Zoological Society of London, announced that two pairs of Brent geese nnd four pairs of summer duelcs had been shipped per Sussex, as a present from tire society. Tho secretary reported the arrival, per R.M.S. Bombay,- of a pair of very fine barra slngha deer, sent by Mr Arthur Grotc, of Cal cutta. Also, of ono buck and two docs of axis oryztr deer, forwarded by Mr C. P. Layard, of Colombo; none of either of these Bpecics havo ever been received in tlris colony before. Tho barra slngha Is n large deer, and is a native of India. The axis oryzar Is a much smaller animal, smaller even than the axis mnculata, or spotted axis, and resembles in form the hog deer. It inhabits Cevlon, and is cot known to havo any repre sentative over the Indian continent. The aecretary reported that "the progress of the salmon parr continued highly satisfactory, and Professor M'Coy atntcd that lie had that morn ing removed the fish from the pans in which tlrcy were hatched to a large wooden tank which had been prepared for them. This was done by just allowing the pnrr to sink below the level of the water, and the fish immediately commenced swimming over the sides, nnd took refuge under the stones with which tho bottom of toe tank was covered. It. was derided to hold the pro posed acclimatisation dinner at Scott's hotel, dn Wednesday, 6th July. The next conversazione of tho society was arranged to tako place on Wednesday next, at the Mechanics' Institute. 1 In consequence of the- publicans not being compelled to keep the lamps outside their pre mises alight during the - night, the, Main rond, Baiinarat, has been thrown into almost total darkness. It is suggested I hat the publicans' lamps should be used by the Municipal Council until other nrrrngements can be rorrde, to remedy the evil with as little delay a possible. : - A letter has been received nt Sandhurst by the English mail, from which it appears that the Nottingham ilobin I-lood Rifles, who have proved themselves superior with the rifle to any other company in England, have accepted the chal lenge of the Bcudigo Rifles. . Tire Inglewood Advertiser states that tire escort for the Inst fortnight from that place shows a de cided Improvement, 1593oz of gold being taken down on Monday. , The Bendigo Advertiser has been informed that within the last four days a man and woman — the former rather elderly — both of whom have just been relieved from a three months' impri sonment for passing counterfeit coin, have re commenced their practices, principally in the locality of the White Hills. The coins gene rally attempted to be passed are shillings, more easily detected by the ring than by any other method. ; ...Within the last tuo days, two boys, named Samuel Vines and William Tweed, have been sentenced by the municipal bench, at Sandhurst, to be Imprisoned in the Melbourne Reformatory —tiro former for a period of three years, and the other for sevon years. These are the first eases sent .from that district. At the City Police Court, yesterday, Samuel Woods and Levi Walker were - brought up on the charge of robbery under arms at tho English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, George street, Fitzroy, and remanded for seven days. The former man is the one arrested at the time of the outrago. A man named Leitlr was killed by a kick from his horso at Iloyle's Creek, about six miles above Pitfield, Ballaarat District, on Saturday evening last. The deceased had been in tho employ of MrBingley, of Mount Mercer, as shepherd, and was on his way with his wife and three children from that locality to Mr Aitkeu's station in the Wiramera district to act in the same capacity. Mon Hing, a Chinese, was arrested on Tues day, at Browns, Ballaarat, by Detective Daly, on a charge of having sold spurious gold to Mr Keith, of Smythesdale, some months back. He was taken before the magistrate and re manded. The Dunolly Express is responsible for the following ; — " A man who had frequently been a sufferer by thefts from his wood-stack, took a walk into a house tho other evening, and ob serving a large party of jovial friends around a large fire, enjoying themselves, amus.'d them by recounting the adventure of ' skying tho three- decker at Inglewood, and observed tlrat he too had been robbed of wosd, and in place of a small charge had placed half a pound of powder in a log that had been stolen from lrim. Tho words had been hardly out of his lips wlron a man started up, and seizing a bucket of water which stood near, dashed it on tho fire, the rest of tire company skedaddling right and left. Surmise and comment arc needless." 