NEWS OF THE WEEK. The one defect in the Robertson Land Act—that as to the doubt of the power of the free selector to impound—is to be rectified. Mr Wilson, the Minister of Lands in New South Wales, has announced his intention of bringing in a bill to give free selectors this right. On this question the Sydney Morning Herald remarks:— “There can bo no doubt that if the free selector is to hold his ground, and to be able to sustain a fair fight for his independence, ho must have the right to im- pound as much as the freeholder or the Crown tenant has. There is no doubt that the Lands Alienation Act meant to give that power, and that those who passed the act wore under the impres- sion that it did give the power. But judicial de- cisions regal’d not the intentions of law-makers, but the legal force of the, words of the law; and it often happens that judicial interpretations reveal the fact that laws do not express the intentions of their framers.” In answer to a memorial from the school teachers of Castlemaino, praying for a more punctual pay ment of the salaries due to them, the following reply has been received from the Chief Secretary’s department:—“ Sir, —I have the honor to acknow ledge the 'receipt of your letter of the 25th of July, transmitting a petition from certain common school teachers of the Castlemaino district, praying that steps may be taken to secure the more prompt pay ment of their salaries by the Board of Education. In reply, I am desired to inform you that the Board of Education has reported—1. That, as teachers become bettor acquainted with the require ments of the act, the accounts will no more correctly made out, and then there will bo less necessity for returning them for alteration. 2. That the in creased clerical staff of the board will also enable it to pass the accounts more quickly. 3. That the board confidently expects that the teachers will, for the future, have no reason to complain of delay in receiving payment of their salaries,—I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant, J. Mooke.” A discreditable fraud in the “ salted reef” lino was nearly being successfully perpetrated at Fryer’s Creek, on Friday last. The Castlemaino Daily News says :—“ The reef, the reported discovery of which occasioned so much excitement at Fryersr town yesterday, turns out nothing short of a blank after all, A gross swindle appears to have been attempted, but has fortunately been discovered in time. Several miners dropped work yesterday, and, in their usual excited state at such reports, started off from Fryerstown in search of the reef in ques tion. Some of them were bushed during the night, and returned to-day without any success. One party, however, made up of Messrs Bumber, Boyo and T. Kitto, escorted by Newman, jun, (one of the reported discoverers), went put daring the evening to see the reef. They travelled all night, and it was daylight before Newman could point out to their enchanted eyes the shining metal with which this charming reef was adorned. The gold was plainly seen in several parts—and to show how near the swindle was brought to completion, it must bo stated that £25 each for a fourth share was here offered. While the bargain was in progress, how ever, Mr Kitto, more cautious than his companions, broke off some stono from the reef, but found, to his amazement, that the gold was only on the sur face. The whole affair was, in consequence of this, soon seen through, and it is almost superfluous to add that not any shares were disposed of. Some experienced miners believe that the gold was, by some means, stamped on to the quartz. There should bo on effort made to stop snch tricks. It is not often that they have been attempted in this dis trict, but that is no reason why these men should bo allowed to go unpunished,” The M. A. Mail states that the severe frosts of the past few nights have injuriously affected the fruit trees in the neighborhood, especially those in the more exposed situations. The extent of the damage, however, cannot yet bo clearly known. Intelligence has been received by the M. and D. Advertiser to the effect that a now and exceedingly rich quartz reef has been opened on Graveyard Hill, Burnt Creek, and that the prospectors refused £300 for tho first bucket of stone raised to the surface, it being of such an extraordinary auriferous. nature. At present only one or two claims have been token np, as it is not generally known that the reef has been discovered. The following, relative to the diamonds recently discovered in the district, wo take from the O.and M. Advertiser:—“ Six diamonds, obtained in the claim of Finn, M‘GilI, and party, at the Woolshed, were kindly brought to our office yesterday for inspection. Although none of them are very large, it is but fair to think that, as the diamonds hitherto discovered have been found entirely by chance, many highly valuable ones still remain untouched. Mr Goodman, the jeweller, in Ford street, showed us a number of rubies, sapphires, garnets, and other stones, un known to us, taken from the same claim. Some day, diamond mining is certain to be a regular calling in the Ovens district. Finn’s party have also struck, in some old ground, some solid blocks that have never been touched. Tho prospects are of course such ns might bo expected on one of the richest gold deposits that have over been discovered in the world. Since the above was in type, we learn that two other diamonds have been found in Finn’s claim on the Woolshed. We have not seen them, but vouch for the authenticity of the report. These make eleven found in tho same claim. The parly working have now established a kind of ripple at the end of their boxes, by which diamonds and. other precious stones may possibly, by their specific gravity in a rough way, bo discovered. These disco veries must open the eyes of tho Woolshed miners to the importance of searching for precious stones. As these may have been found in such quantities by more accident, there is no telling how rich our diamond mines are about to tarn out.” H.M.S. Cumcoa was on Sunday, visited by largo numbers of persons, who took advantage of the favorable weather, and tho permission accorded by Commodore Wiseman, to visit tins fine specimen of naval architecture. The Ouracoa was beautifully clean, and everything on board was in tho most admirable order, eliciting expressions of unqualified admiration from all capable of judging what a man-of-war should be. One night lost week, a ruffianly assault was committed on one of tho police stationed at Majorca. So serious indeed was the assault, that tho constable’s life is in tho utmost jeopardy. From tho report ' given by tlio Talbot Leader, it appeal's that a man pf the name ol Brewer, who, some time ago, figured as one of the combatants in a pri/.o fight near Majorca, was very disorderly at the Prince of Wales Theatre. The proprietor, wishing to got rid of such unpleasant company, called in the police, who at once took Brower in custody. As soon as ho and the police wore ..outside, Brewer told them that he would go to the station quietly; but, immediately afterwards, ho turned on one of the constables and threw him to the ground. In his descent the con stable struck heavily against the korbing, thereby receiving severe injuries. The ruffian in turn was thrown by the other constable, securely handcuffed, and ullimatoly lodged in the lock-up. The police have received information of tu rob bery committed at the residence of Mr Alfred Denny, Robe street, St. Kildn, between Thursday night and Sunday morning, an entrance having been effected by the kitchen window, which was left unfastened, and a pocket-book, containing £3 10s and three half-sovereigns, stolen from a box on the table of one of the bedrooms. A girl, named Anno Pickering, was received into the Melbourne Hospital, on Friday night, suffering from severe injuries to the face and right eye, caused by some acid liquid being thrown at her by a brutal follow, while she and her sister were walking along Spring street, between eight and nine o’clock, that night. The other girl escaped with the partial destruction of a portion of her clothing ; but the case of Anno Pickering is of a more serious nature, part of the face being burned away, and her eye injured to a degree winch, it is feared, will render that organ useless. The matter has been placed in the hands of the detectives, but up to the present no clue had been obtained to the where abouts of the perpetrator of this most dastardly and brutal outrage. The Gipps Land Guardian of the 26th says :— “.No vessels now go to Welshpool, The Kate Waters and Lombard have gone to Newcastle for cargoes of cattle for Auckland, and on her next trip tho Eclipse will come to this port. The ouor , mous exportation of cattle from North Gipps Land has so far stripped the runs that it has boon found [ necessary to give them a spell, and this is the cause of the absence of shipping at Welshpool.” The district of Carlton is becoming notorious for tho number of petty burglaries which have been committed there within tho last few weeks. On Sunday afternoon, tho house of Mr George Scott, tailor, Grattan street, was forcibly entered, and several articles of wearing apparel, and a quantity of tea and sugar, stolon therefrom. By tho City of Adelaide, from Sydney, which ar rived at a late horn,'Monday morning, wo liavepapors to 27th inst, hat the news has been anticipated by telegram. The S. M. Herald of 24th inst. says:— “We are informed that tho Government have de cided to call for tenders immediately for the exten sion of the telegraphic wire direct to Adelaide. The lino will run down tho Murray from Dcniliquin, via Monlamein, Balranald, Enston and Wentworth ; and from tho latter place to tho frontier, at which point it will bo taken in bund by tho South Australian Government. In the estimates of 1861 a vote of £25,000 {on loan) was taken for this service; but delays arose, only recently terminated, as to tho pro portions in which tho revenue from the lino was to be divided between tbo two Governments. These difficulties being happily overcome, tho work will be commenced without delay, at a cost, it is sup posed, of little more than £15,000. Tho impor tance of this extension cannot be over-estimated, as we shall have a second as well as a direct and inde pendent line, for tho transmission of tho English news from Adelaide and will be saved tho occasional interruptions between this and Adelaide, via Mel bourne. The establishment of the now lino will also, it is obvious, bo of groat importance in con nection with tho collection of tho border customs.” Describing tho present condition of tho Sebastian diggings, the Bendigo Advertiser says:—“ This once basy gold-field has now (thanks to Mr Hugh Glass) a very deserted look. A few miners still manage to knock out a living in the old ground, bat no attempt is being made to discover new deposits. It is reported that'an enterprising party of minors have come to terms with Mr Glass to work tho reef discovered by Burgess, and which has lain uuworked since ho was turned out of it. A lease for a number of years of 400 yards of tho re5f has been granted, the lessor to receive 80 per cent, of tho gross yield of gold—generous man! Tho lessees purpose ex pending a large sum of money in tho erection of machinery. The party have already commenced to cut drains, &c.;” A rather curious decision ( of the Kyncton police bench is called attention to by a correspondent of tho Guardian, whose remarks ’are supported by that paper’s police report. A man named Joy was fined £5 for cruelty to a horse, the cruelty consisting in strapping up one of tho horse’s logs, a la Raroy. The man, it appears, is unable to pay tho fine, and unless Bojne one interposes will have to undergo a month’s imprisonment. A numerously attended mooting of tho clergy and laity of tho Church of England was hold at St. Paul’s schools, Swanston street, Monday afternoon, for the purpose of making arrangements to receive the Bishop on his return to this colony. His ar rival is expected in about three or four weeks. The Very Rev. tho Dean presided over tho proceedings, which were of a formal character, being limited to the passing of two resolutions, upon which only a few remarks were made by the movers and seconders. : Tho first resolution, moved by Mr E. Whitby, and seconded by Mr J. D. Loch, was as follows “ That tliis mecoting, understanding that the Lord Bishop may bo expected in the course of a few weeks, deems it right to present to his Lordship, upon his arrival, an address expressive of our re spect for his person and office, and of our thank fulness for his safe return ; and that tho following gentlemen bo requested to draw up such an ad dress, and prepare it for signature, via.:—Sir W. H. Stawell, Sir James F. Palmer, tho Rev. M. H. Beecher, tho Rev. H. H. P. Ilandficld, and Pro fessor Hcarue,” Tho second resolution was moved by Sir W. F. Stawell, and seconded by tho Rov, Mr Wood. It was to tho effect that a committee bo appointed to make arrangements for tho reception of tho Lord Bishop and Mrs Perry, such committee to consist of tho following, with power to add to their number:—The hon. T. B. Follows, the bon. S. G. Hcnly, his honor Judge Pohlman, tho Rov. E. Seddoh, the Rev. T. C. Porks, and Messrs Sturt, Grice, F. G. Smith, Box, and Sellar. These reso lutions having been unanimously agreed to, tho mooting separated. The Pastoral Times says:—“Mr Sheep-Inspector Tupholme, with praiseworthy forethought, cautions Bottlers against tho employment of shearers from victorian stations, lest they should introduce the scab insect. Such a system would go ratber hard with the poor fellows, so wo would suggest their passing through quarantine, and undergoing a course of scab specific under the inspector’s superintend- ence, and he then might furnish them with a clean bill of health.” The hon. J. P. Fawkner and the guardian of aborigines took considerable interest in the late Chief Derriemert, from his admission into the Mel- bourne Hospital, and his removal to the Benevolent Asylum, until his death, which took place in the latter institution. Mr Thomas endeavored to get his photograph taken while alive, but the medical gentleman said he was too ill to be removed. On his death, however, Mr Fawkner engaged a photo- grapher to proceed to the asylum with his apparatus, where the photograph was taken in the dead house, in Mr Thomas’s presence—Mr Fawkner and that gentleman bearing the expense. In acknowledge- ment of the chief’s services to the first settlers, Mr Fawkner determined to erect a tablet to the chief’s memory, and succeeded in getting subscriptions from all he solicited; and on Friday, the 26th inst., the memorial was erected. The tombstone is placed within a neat enclosure, 4 feet wide by 9 feet long, surronnded by iron railings. The inscription is as follows :—"This stone is erected by a few colonists to commemorate the noble act of the native Chief Derriemert, who, by timely infor- mation, given October, 1835, to the first colonists, Messrs Fawkner, Lancey, Evans, Henry Batman and their dependants, saved them from massacre, planned by some of the up-country tribes of abo- rigines. Derriemert closed his mortal career in the Benevolent Asylum, May 28th, 1861, aged about fifty- four years.” A very melancholy suicide was committed at Bal- laarat on Sunday evening, of which Monday’s j Ballaarat Post gives tho following particulars:— '* Mr Buchckor, a Gorman gentleman, who for many years was tho 'proprietor of a vineyard at tho Moorabool, has for some time been occupying tho White Horso Hotel, situated near tho Caledonian Bridge on tho Plank Hoad. A fow weeks ago, mining operations under his hotel rendered tho ground unsafe, and tho building became almost un inhabitable. This had, apparently, preyed upon his mind, and ho had also been much troubled in small pecuniary matters. On Sunday last he wont, in company with his wife, to spend tho evening with a countryman named Studio, who lived nearly oppo site. During the evening there was nothing strange noticed in his demeanor, and ubont a quarter to eleven ho loft tho party to seo that all was right at homo. Shortly after Mr Studio heard a report cl firearms, and. went to Bacheker's house, where ho smelt tho fumes of powder, but could find no traces of any person. At length Mr Bucheker was found lying quite dead under a sofa, with ono side of his faco completely blown off, apparently by shot dis charged from a large horse pistol which was lying on the ground. On a table closo by was found a razor opened, os though put there in readiness to complete tho net of self-destruction if tho pistol shot had failed. In another place was fonnd a letter in German, written by tho deceased, which detailed the many petty annoyances which ho had suffered from tho cravings of his creditors.” Tho first of a scries of lectures, in aid of tho Hefngo, was delivered in St. George’s Hall, Mon day evening, by Mr Dnflield. His Honor the Chief Justice occupied tho chair ; and there wore also on tho platform tho Rev. H. H. P. Handheld, and the hon. George Harkov. Owing to tho inclemency of the weather, tho audience was very small. Tho sub ject of tho lecture was “ Don Quixotethe satire, philosophy and general characteristics of which novel were pointed out by the lecturer in an able and highly interesting manner, for which, as he merited, he was frequently applauded. The fishermen of Queenscliff contemplate forming agencies in different parts of tho colony for tho sale of their produce. The” Geelong Adver tiser of Tuesday says :—“ Fish is becom ing * more plentiful, and tho sale of it at Queenscliff to tho fishmongers, who givo what ever they please for it, has become a question of serious consideration amongst tho fishermen, who held a meeting at Watmough’s Hotel, on Wednesday night. They all agreed to form themselves into a onion; to have a code of rules ; to agree that who ever broke tho same should pay a fine not exceeding £5 ; to appoint agents in tho different parts of tho colony to sell the fish, and .to call for tenders for land conveyance. It was farther agreed not to sell any more fish to tho present fishmongers." Tho half-yearly mooting of tho St. Hilda and Brighton Railway Company was convened Monday, at noon, bnt for lack of a quorum it lapsed. The chief business to have been submitted to the meet ing was the consideration of tho half-yearly report, a copy of which was laid on tho table for tho infor mation of shareholders. From this document it ap pears that tho revenue during tho last six months has been £6320 6s, against £ihio 12s 6d, working expenses. Prom the previous half-year there was a balance to tho credit of tho company of £1603 16s 3d. Thus showing a balance for tho twelve months of revenue over cost of £3838 9s. Tho report inti mated'that tho financial position of tho company was not much altered since tho last mooting, and that tho claims against tho company were accumulating, as the balance of receipts over expenditure was not sufficient to pay tho accruing interest on tho mort gage, and tho judgment and smaller contract debts of creditors amounting to £2800. It scorns also that tho negotiation with tho Hobson’s Bay Railway Company in reference to tho lino is in abeyance, un til the Melbourne Company rocoivo advices from London, in respect to certain proposals made to that company for tho disposal of their lino. A suggestion has boon thrown out for a system of “ weather warnings,” in Now South Wales, which might bo followed with advantage in Victoria, It is proposed, whenever wet weather sols in, to noto carefully tho daily rainfall at various placoa, tho par ticulars of which arc to bo forwarded by telegraph to some central station; and, by carefully noticing tho rise in any river subject to Hoods, after each full of rain, it is boliovod that a tolerably correct opinion as to tho height the water would reach, after a given quantity of rain had fallen, would bo arrived at. By this moans a serious loss of property might bo avoided, as ‘‘forewarned —forearmed.” A meeting of a committee appointed at tho annual temperance tea- mooting, in St. George's Hall, for tho resuscitation of tho Temperance League of Vic toria, was liold, on Monday, in tho Temperance Hull, Russell street. Tho Rev. James Ballantyne was called to tho-chaiv. It was agreed to convene a conference of the friends of temperance throughout the colony on as early a day as possible, for the purpose of determining upon the notion to bo taken. It was remitted to a small committee, meanwhile, to' consider and report upon the constitution of the longue, and also to prepare a plan of operations, with the view of placing the same before the con ference for discussion when it meets. The Rev. Goo. Maokic and It. Hodgson, Esq., wore appointed secretaries, pro tcm., to the movement. An application was made to the bon. J.F. Sullivan, on Monday, for a subdivision of the Bet Bet road board into tbroo ridings, lor the move effectual re presentation of the ratepayers, Mr Sullivan under took to make inquiry before acceding to the request. A serious accident occurred on tbo Eohuca Rail way, ou Saturday last. A carpenter, named Thomas Harrison, was returning from Rochester, by one of the ballast trains, and, on the arrival of the train at Goornong, about four <-,o’clock, the driver, oq usual, had “ slacked up” for the purpose of allowing the disconnection of some of the trucks, when Harrison, who was sitting on the side of a truck, jumped off, and, not being acquainted with the way of doing so, so as to insure alighting on his foot, ho fell forward on his hands and face, so close to the train that, in coming to tho»ground, his loft log got under the wheels. On being taken up, it 'was found that tho log had boon almost out off below the knee. Ho was immediately removed to tbo hospital, where amputation had to bo performed. The Bendigo Advertiser says ;—“ We have been informed that, in spite of all tho precautions which the contractors take to prevent persons getting on the tracks who have no business there, they are frequently rushed in tbo most reckless manner, often after the trains have Started." The following statement showing tho number of letters and newspapers received at and despatched from Victoria per P. and 0. R. M. steamers, during the month of August, 1864, has been published by the Post Office department:— Received per Northern, 46,890 letters, and 120,405 newspapers; despatched per Madras, 52,996 letters, and 04,116 newspapers ; making a total of 99,886 letters, and 184,521 news papers. , A report of a robbery and attempt at murder in the Aborfoldy ranges was brought into Sale, on 23rd ultimo, by some packers returning from Wood’s Point. Tbo Gipps Land Times says: —<• From what wo have been able to glean, a China man and a European had left Wood's Point in com pany, with tho avowed intention of coming over to the Gipps Land gold-fields. When they had reached tho Aborfoldy range tho European dropped behind, but shortly after came up armed with a stout sap- ■ ling, with which ho struck John on the head and otherwise beat him nutil ho believed ho had killed his victim. Ho then robbed tho Chinaman of what money he possessed—about £40. Tho Chinaman was picked up by some packers and brought into tho Aberfeldy, when it was found that he had received a severe fracture of tho skull, besides other injuries. Tbo police at tho different stations on tho road have boon communicated with, and it is to be hoped that ere this tho intending murderer is in the hands of tho myrmidons of the law." Wo have oar Queensland- files to tho 23rd inst. The Guardian of that date says:—“A fine sample of sugar cane, grown on Mr Panton’s lower planta tion on the Bremer, has been forwarded to our office. Mr Ponton expresses himself as being now perfectly satisfied that tho plant can bo grown to perfection in the neighborhood of Ipswich. Tbo stalk is strong and full and extremely juicy, and the flavor is excellent. The plantation from which these cuttings wore taken was under water for three days together. during (ho last flood, and tho fact that tho growth was in no way injured by such a severe trial is full of encouragement to those who possess rich lands on tho banks of tho river and who may feel inclined to give the sugar cane a trial." The same journal also states that the sub marine telegraph to Moreton Island has at last boon laid down successfully. A reward of £100, with free pardon to an accom plice, is offered for snclrinformation as shall lead to the discovery and conviction of tho person or per sons who, on Monday, the 15lh inst, obstructed the line of railway between Navigators’ Village and Bnninyong. The obstruction consisted of a wooden roil placed across the track, and a quantity of road metal piled about six inches high, over about three yards of the line, on both sides, about sixty yards from tho before mentioned rail. It is to be hoped that tho anthor or authors of such a dastardly outrage will soon be discovered. The M. A. Mail says :—“ It is very suggestive of better times—temporarily at least—that daring the last few days tho loiterers at onr street corners and police court have greatly decreased in numbers. We are not aware to what cause this pleasing sign is to be attributed—whether to an exodus consequent upon tho recent reports of a few small rushes, or an increased demand for labor ini the town, but we hope to the latter. For tbo past month or two it has really been painful to see so many sturdy, able bodied young men strolling through our streets, and idling at every corner, apparently advertising them-, selves os willing to accept any labor that would pro cure them the necessaries of life. We have fre quently observed the patience with which these men have suffered depression in fortune, to parade and agitato their distress as has been done in some places for tbo sake of gaining sympathy, and wo are, therefore, tbo more pleased to see that, to many of them at least, time has brought its reward," A youth, named John Maxwell, barely fifteen years of ago, appeared as a witness in tho Eastern police court, Ballaarat, on Monday, on behalf of the notorious Bowles, alias “ Fly-by night,” who was charged with stealing money from a man named Driscoll, in a brothel in Esmond street. The Star says that “ despite Maxwell’s youth, it appeared from his cross-examination by Inspector Ryall that he had been several times in the dock on various charges, and tho last time on a charge of highway robbery, of which ho was acquitted, but on which his two mates were convicted at the last circuit coart. His early association with crime had also, as a matter of course, induced tho other vicious habits which generally follow in its wake, for it appeared he could toss off a few nobblers of pale brandy, early in tho day, with as mnch relish as many an old toper long seasoned in intemperance.” An accident of a serious nature occurred at Suu bury, on Tuesday, to a man named John M'Quitin, one of tho employes of Mr Knight, manager of the Bald Hill Vineyard. Ho was thrown from his horse, which was frightened vby a wild bollock, and when down was kicked by" the horse and rushed and gored by the bullock. On being admitted into tho hospital, it was found that several of his ribs were broken. There appear to bo still a few nuggets left in old JDunolly. Tho and D* Advertiser of Monday gays;—“Wo wero shown a magnificent nngget at tho London Chartered Bank,’ Duuolly, on Saturday momiug, weighing 108 oz 11 dwt 12 gr, and worth about £100. It was, wo are informed, found on Thursday, by Benjamin Register and party, pud dlors, near Hughes's store, in tho main lead, Dunolly. This party, who have boon working near tho spot for a number of years, have previously met with excellent success. Their last slice of luck will doubtless have tho effect of attracting a number of fosdfckors to tho locality. Tho old load has been looking quite lively lately, especially on South of tho Broadway Mining Company. Wo hoar that a fifth share in ono chum thoro was sold for £25 last week." A serious accident occurred Tuesday morning on board the ship Golden Land.lyingat the railway pier, Snndridgo, to a man named Thomas Barnes, who had come down from Bondigo for tho of taking his passage in. that ship. Ho was passing along "the deck when, from some unexplained cause, his foot slipped and ho fell down the hold. Ho was os speedily as possible conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital, when it was found that bis was severely bruised and ho had received other injuries of a very serious nature. Tho Ararat Advertiser thus refers to tho frauds perpetrated by the Chinese by selling adulterated gold:—“ Tho sale of spurious gold by the Chinese, in our immediate neighborhood, still goes on, not withstanding tho late losses sustained by tvfo of our shopkeepers from this cause and tho diligent search which has been made to find the culprits. On Saturday, a third storekeeper, residing at Opossum Gully, sent in a parcel of tho alloy for sale to tho Loudon Chartered Bank, the whole of which proved to bo spurious. - Indeed, it did not appear that tho manufacturers used any gold whatever to aid the simulation, for a close inspection showed that the fictitious gold was made by hammering out short pieces of brass wire, and tho metal was so evi dently counterfeit that it is surprising the vendor was not detected in the first instance. There cannot be much doubt that a gang of these manu facturers are still employed near Armstrongs in carrying on their illegal trade, and it might not be amiss if tho attention of tho police was directed to tho matter. Storekeepers are, doubtless, to some extent, blamcablo for tho careless way in which they purchase gold, but these wholesale frauds must not be allowed to go on with impunity, without an effort being made to protect our tradesmen. The want of a detective has long been severely j felt in this neighborhood, and wo do not think that tho time of ono could bo more usefully spent than in ferreting out this celestial gang.” Mr Joseph Lewis, late clerk of potty sessions, county court, and court of mines, at Fryerstown, | who has recently been tranferred to Echuca, was brought up at tho police court, Castlemaino, on Tuesday, and remanded to Fryerstown, on a charge of embezzling Government moneys. The M. A. Mail says:—“ The prosecution was instituted by the Minister of Justice, on tho defalcations being discovered by the books of tho courts at Fryors town. We understand that the sum embezzled is about £180. Mr Lewis was apprehended at Echuca, and will be brought up for examination be fore tho Fryestown bench on Monday next.” A man named John Downing was brought to the Melbourne Hospital on Tuesday, suffering from a severe kick in the chest. Ho was driving through Botham, when his horse fell, and in attempting to raise it the animal struck out and inflicted the in jury described. A meeting to explain the objects of, and enrol new members in, the Industrial Building and In vestment Society, was hold in the Mechanics’ Institute on Monday evening last. Mr M. O’Grady, M.L.A., occupied tho chair. The provisional sec retary, Mr Beilin, entered fully into tho principles of the society ; and several questions having been put, woro answered by Mr R. S. Anderson, M.L.A., and Mr Beilin. At the close of tho meeting, a number of shares wore taken up. The Ballaarat Star says:—“ The second locomo tive, which is being made at the Soho foundry for the Southland Railway, will bo formally tested on Saturday next, prior to its transmission to the sea board on the way to New Zealand. News of the safe arrival there of the first engine has been re ceived.” Tho thunderstorm which hurst over Melbourne about one o’clock Wednesday morning was severely felt in some of the suburbs. At Caulfield a house was struck by lightning, and considerably damaged, whilst tho inmates appear to have had a narrow escape. Mr William Robinson, of the Melbourne Copper Works, Flinders street, who resides in the house in question, states that, about one o’clock Wednesday morning, he was lying on the sofa in the front room of his house, when ho was startled by a loud noise, similar to what would have been occa sioned by the discharge of a large gun'in the house. He immediately sprang to his feet, and on exami nation found that the house had been struck by lightning. Tho floor of the room was covered with broken glass and lime; the front windows and window frames, facing the south, wero com pletely shattered, and fragments of the outside. Venetian blinds were found in a southerly direction at a distance of twenty-live feet from tho house. The spouting of tho house was also more or less damaged, and the downpipe leading to the water tank was separated at all tho joints, showing that the electric fluid had run down the pipe, and, though its strength had partially expended itself in the tank, the ground for a considerable, distance to the north side was ploughed up. We have ono day’s later papers from Hobart Town, namely, to the 27th insfr. The motion of Mr Sharland, for an inquiry into the appointments made by the present Ministry,!was negatived by a majority of six, in a very full house. Tho following “ latest intelligence” of Morgan and his mate is given /by the Yass Courier“ A private letter received 1 on Tuesday, from Wagga Waggn, confirms tho probability of the statement that the two men seen tt Barratta saw pits, and, sub sequently, within a couple ef dozen miles of Denili quin, wore Morgan and his mate. Morgan had been seen by credible {witnesses, without either beard, whiskers, or moustache, but owing to the darkness of his hair, approaching almost to black, his skin shows that at one time ho was very hirsute about tho face, and as it is not likely he will be able to shave every day, tho hair will soon make its appearance again as ‘stubble’ and lead to his recognition. Tho mate seems to be/a notorious character, who, some two years or more ago, escaped whilst on the way under escort to the stockade at Peatridgo, He had been tried for several highway robberies on one of the gold-fields, and received an accumulative sen tence of twenty years. Ho was originally from van Diemen's Land, and has boon a soldier. It is sup posed that ho lost two of hia lingers in an encounter with the police in Victoria. Morgan, therefore, appears to liavo a very suitable mate, and it would afford us groat pleasure to hear of their capture before they succeed in getting into comparatively safer quarters, which would bo the case wore they to pass over the South Australian border.” We loam from the Ararat Advertiser that the un fortunate woman who was found dead a short time since in the Duke do la Victoria Hotel, Melbourne, was the wife of Mr I*. White, who was one time surgeon to the Ararat Hospital, The maiden name of Mrs Whito was Annie Williams, and under this title she was known for a consideroble time previous to her death. The following remarkable and interesting circum stance is given by Wednesday’s Ballaarat Star:— “A decidedly lively nest of frogs was discovered on Wednesday, in the otherwise solid basaltic rock which the St. George United Company is blasting, at a depth of near 140 foot from the surface. Tho. manager has left at oar office a mass of the rock and two or three little live frogs in a bottle, as ocular proofs of tho existence of the suddenly and rudely liberated prisoners of basaltic darkness. Though the rock is now free from water at tho level in ques tion, tho manager of the St. George’s United Com pany presumes, from the appearance of tho rock, that it has been heavily charged with water, and has probably been drained by the other mining operations in Ac locality. Wo are farther informed that ‘ the cavities, from out of which the frogs skipped after tho shot, are filled with a kind of pulp,’ and that ‘the Great Extended and Albion companies both mot with these gentry previous to cutting the heavy water la the second rock,’ Wo may add that specimens have been sent to Dr, Macadam, that ho may ‘ form some data os to tho origin of our beds of rock at Sebastopol Hill,’ but we do not pretend to say how that man of science will bo aided by tho specimens in his inquiries that way.” Tho remains of a largo portion of a tree were found, some time since, in one of the drives of the Britannia claim, Ararat, underneath a stratum of blaestone one hundred feet in depth. . Tho Adver tiser says :—“ The wooH bears some resemblance to cedar, having in some sort its peculiar marks. The outer portion is slightly petrified, but the inner sub stance is in a good state of preservation. Consider ing the fabulous number of years which must have elapsed since tho tree or forest of which this wood formed a part was submerged, it would appear, if indeed the wood corresponds with the existing flora of Victoria, either that this species is probably in its decline, or that the periodical changes which geolo gists say occur in every country amongst the flora are on tins continent much slower than they are in those other parts of the world which have been sub jected more to their research. Near to the place where the wood was raised, something bearing a re semblance to a fossil pelvis was also taken. This latter has been submitted to tho savans here, and while they all coincide ns to its general resemblance to a fossil, and to its distant affinity to a pelvis, they are unable to determine the probable species of fauna to which it belonged. There is very little carbonate of lime in its composition, os it is almost impervious to the action of acids.” Tho promoters of the Gold Solvent Company, which was to b.o formed at Castlemaine, for work ing Mr De Lacy’s patent, do not appear to he pro gressing very satisfactorily. At a meeting held on Monday evening lost, it was. decided to accept an offer Contained in a postscript to a letter received from Mr Dc Lacy’s solicitor—to the effect that Mr De Lacy would agree to pay back tho money ex pended by the subscribers, if they desired it. A subsequent motion was carried, limiting the time for this proffered reimbursement to two weeks, and declaring that, if the money should not he forth coming at that time, the subscribers would hold Mr De Lacy to his original agreement, and also to the terms of the verbal understanding arrived at as to ’ the formation of a licensing company. The following story of a ghost in a pair of blankets is given by Tuesday’s Tarrengower Times :—“At half-past four o’clock on Snnday morning Sergeant Grier was aroused from his peaceful slumbers by a miner of Porcupine Flat, named Thos, Phillips, who told the following curious tale. He had been having a glass or two at the Brighton Hotel, and at half past eleven o’clock had left for home. His tent is usually fastened by a button. On arriving home the tent was unfastened, and as he passed the-threshold ho saw a figure, having the semblance of a human being, enveloped in a largo sheet, which started up and extended its arm. Phillips rushed back with affright, and with visions of supernatural agency flitting o’er his brain, turned to run, the figure fol lowing him rapidly. In his fright Phillips yet had courage enough to halt and seize an axe which lay adjacent to the tent. He then adjured tho apparition, commanding it to speak, and receiving no answer, hurled the axe at it, and turned and fled, lu reply to the sergeant, Phillips said he thought the figure was struck by the axe and fell. Mir Grier fancied, from tho trembling and confusion of the man, that ho really had committed murder or manslaughter, and had forged this tale when remorse or fear prompted him to give himself up. In reply to the sergeant as to the time that had elapsed since tho act, Phillips said he had wandered distractedly about, and had, vainly, for some time endeavored to find the comp. It transpired afterwards that he had paid a nocturnal visit to J. Warnock, J. P., and to Mr Ellis, of the Kangaroo Hotel, in his search for the police. Con- stables Ward and Byrne and Phillips proceeded to the tent of the latter. The axe was found in a dif- ferent position to that described by Phillips ; but it was also discovered that a pair of white blankets had been stolen from the tent. The obvious infer- ence is that an ingenious thief was visiting the tent of Phillips, and successfully adopted the ghostly device to scare his victim, tho * white sheet’ being undoubtedly one of the purloined blankets, and tho wits of Phillips being perhaps somewhat obfus cated by his previous potations, tended ie aid the well thought-of deception by tho rascal, who doubtless chuckles hugely at the terror occasioned by Ifis roguery.” # Bomba is to have a mail; the Mossage rios Imperiales Company are to run a steamer fort nightly from Aden to Bombay, from the 1st January next, which, with tho present fortnightly Peninsular and Oriental steamer, will give Bombay four moils per month. 