BEECHW0RTH POLICE COURT. Wednesday, 14th December. 1864 (Before E. T. Barnard Esq., P.M.,) THE LATE ASSAULT M'Kenzie v. Garnett—This was the first case called, and Mr Zincke stated that he appeared for the defendant. Charles M'Kenzie sworn : Remember on the 8th of December, at about ten minutes to one o'clock, was about to cross from the post-office to Littlewood's corner, looking out for a party that I expected from the Nine-mile. I observed Mr Garnett travelling rapidly toward me from the bottom of Camp street. I went to Mr Witt's auction mart, and on entering, whilst in the act of talking with Mr Symonds near the counter, and inquiring if he had seen the party that was to have called to see me from Stanley. Mr Garnett rushed in, and addressing me, inquired if I had been writing down to Melbourne anything about him. I answered him —No; I did not. He then asked me if I had in any communication to Melbourne mentioned his name. I answered that I did remember it. He wanted to know what I did that for; and before I had time to do anything, the defendant struck me full in the mouth and knocked my teeth into my throat, and continued to follow me up, stating me again. The effect was that the plate of my teeth cut through my lip, and blood began to flow. To the Bench : I thought I had been struck four times — three times on the mouth, and once under the jaw—which still left a mark behind. Witness continued : —From the blow inflicted on the mouth the blood began to spout out. After he struck me I closed on him, and he got me round the neck and a struggle followed. All this time I was trying my best to get out of the grip of defendant, but, from some cause or other, his leg got entwined into mine, and both fell. I do not think I was on the ground more than two seconds. De fendant requested me to let go, when he told me to get up; as he would not strike me any more. I let go when de fendant promised he would not strike me again. I then washed the blood from off my face. Cross-examined, by Mr Zincke: I am a journalist, but am not permanently en gaged. I sometimes do a little journalism on my own account. I work in various ways. Mr Zincke: Did you write a letter to Melbourne against the appointment of Mr Garnett as clerk to the Mining Board? Witness: I do not see what that has to do with the present charge. The Bench : The witness is not bound to answer that question; it is irrevalent to the case. Mr Zincke submitted, with due de ference to the opinion of the Bench, that it had everything to do with the case. As he was instructed, it certainly, to say the least of it. would go far in mitigation could he be allowed to advance the cause of the altercation and thereby prove pro vocation and extenuating circrumstan ces. The plaintiff and defendant were both candidates for the office of clerkship to the Mining Board, and Mr. M'Kenzie had, in his application, set forth that he had influence in Melbourne. Cross-examination continued : I was an unsuccessful candidate for the office of Clerk to the Mining Board. Mr Garnett never received the appointment; he was only nominated; the appointment rests with the Government. What I inserted in my own application about the Melbourne influence was this : That I thought strict attention to the duties of the office, combined with the knowledge that I had of official life, and that I possessing a slight influence in Melbourne, might fit me for the position. I had not written to the Minister of Mines anything that I can recollect, about Mr Garnett, but would not swear that I did not. Mr Zincke: Did you write to more than one party in Melbourne stating that Mr Garnett was not fit to fill the office. Witness : Not to his recollection but won't swear he did not write such a letter. Had written several letters about Mr Gar nett. He was not swinging his stick or playing with it. He was in almost as elegant a position as Mr Zincke was. He did not swing his stick round. Mr Garnett struck him. Did not endeavor to defend himself except by taking hold of defendant, as he never descended to the level of a bully. Never descended to do any dirty work. He did not consider it dirty work to write to Melbourne as he had done about other matters. What he had written to town about was not in his capacity as a jour nalist. Remember in the struggle that he was thrown down with defendant upon him. Mr Garnett did not say, ' Get up, I will not hit you now you are down.' He said, Let me go, as I will not hit you again.' Got up as quickly as he could after. Believe the wound in his mouth was the effects of the blow, not altogether from the fact of having false teeth. You —to Mr Zincke—may have false teeth for, anything I know, as well as myself, or a wig. To the Bench: It was a very heavy blow, and the defendant at the time was standing close to me. When defendant struck the first blow I felt my teeth going into my throat, and stepped back at once. I still retain the effects of the second blow, under the jaw. When I was struck I did not attempt to strike, nor interfere in the least in anyway. \-----Symons : I was present, and was conversing with Mr M'Kenzie, when Mr Garnett entered and asked Mr M'Kenzie if he had written a letter to town about him. At first Mr M'Kenzie said ' No,' but immediately, on again being asked., said 'Yes, I did.' Mr Garnett then asked to whom he wrote, and com plainant answered, "to the Minister of Mines." Defendant then said, " What the devil did you do that for ? Take that," and then struck him full in the mouth. A struggle then ensued, and Mr M'Kenzie tore off the sleeve of Mr Garnett's coat. In the struggle both fell. Mr Garnett had all the fight to himself. He struck complainant three or four times. I could not say where Mr M'Kenzie was struck during the struggle but I think it is very likely that he was struck in the face. To the Bench : Could only state, as to the violence of the blows, that he would not like to receive such blows himself in his face. Examination continued : The second blow was struck behind Mr Witt's counter, at the end nearest to Mr Witt's private office. Mr M'Kenzie took hold of Mr Garnett during the struggle. Heard Mr Garnett say, " Get up, you damned scoun drel : I will not strike you while you are on ground " To Mr Zincke: I think that each of them were struggling for the fall. Mr Garnett had it all in his own hands. Mr Zincke: And he got the fall? Witness : No, the other one > fall for Mr Garnett was on top. Mr M'Kenzie did not get up when Mr Garnett asked him an .i '-ndant then walked away. William Witt, auctioneer deposed: On the day mentioned I was in my office, and heard M Kenzie talking to last witness in my mart. Immediately after heard a quick step coming up the room, and Mr Garnett saying, ' M'Kenzie, Did you write a letter to town about me ? McKenzie said "No.' Mr Garnett then said, did you send a letter, with my name in it to any one ? Mr M'Kenzie then answered Yes, and defendant said. " to whom did you write it." McKenzie after a moment, said, "to the Minister of Mines." Mr Garnett said you scoundrel why did you do that, and struck him in the face. M'Kenzie retired back and Mr. Garnett followed up and struck him a more violent, blow than the first. A scuffle then ensued behind the counter, and they both fell. Mr Garnett on top. Defendant drew back his arm, but paused, and said get up, I won't strike you while you are down. Mr M'Kenzie got up soon after: but Mr Garnett had walked out when M'Kenzie did not get up. Complainant showed the false teeth produced to me and said they had been knocked out of his month. Dr Fox said.: I have examined the wound on complainant's lip. It was about three quarters of an inch in length, and must have bled rather freely. I put a needle through it. He was marked about, the face on both sides, both his lips swollen and a swelling on his right jaw. To Mr M'Kenzie : You might have lost half a pint of blood from such a wound. Did not judge from the blood on the dress. You were not, certainly, in a position to show fight. To Mr Zincke; He (the complainant) might have spit out his teeth if he wanted to fight. The artery was cut, he thought, by the teeth, not by the plate of the false teeth. The wound was perpen dicular. Could not say whether com plainant lost a pint or half an ounce. Mr Witt- recalled : Should think that plaintiff lost about two ounces of blood, which, in a fluid state, would look a great deal scattered about the floor. Mr M'Ken zie bled very freely at first. Mr Zincke, for the defence, said that there were certain extenuating and miti gating circumstances, although they did not justify the assault in the eyes of the law. M'Kenzie, who was himself a de feated candidate for the Mining Board, had written, by his own confession, to Melbourne, whereby Mr Garnett, who was the successful candidate, lost £100 a-year and meeting M'Kenzie, was not likely to be in the most pleasant temper. He need not speak of his notoriety, his effrontery, in writing to the Chief Secretary regarding other persons holding official positions and he only hoped that the document this man had been showing about the town was as untrue as his charges had been—a letter from the Chief Secretary thanking him for what he had done. He could scarcely think it possible that the Chief Secretary should lend himself to such a proceeding Mr Kenzie, in seeking redress from that Court, must himself come into Court with clean hands, but he came there in no such position. He had personally nothing to claim more than Tom Jones if he were struck by Bill Smith as the provocation was great, and of the worst kind. No doubt, also, M'Kenzie had an ulterior view, in bringing this case, as he could make ji e of any verdict he got there in another Court. He hoped, therefore; the Bench could, with all these facts before it, deal leniently with the defendant. Mr M'Kenzie wished to address the Bench, but was not permitted. His Worship said that he did not see anything to justify the assault. Much more had been made out of the case than it intrinsically deserved. No doubt pro vocation had been given to defendant, but it was not of such a nature as to justify his proceedings. Had the assault been committed on the moment of provocation he could understand how a man might plead great irritation. He agreed in the view that the injury might have been inflicted by the false teeth, and that if the complainant had not had them, he would not have received such an injury. With the costs of the adjournment from Monday, and including them, which amounted to £1 6s., he would inflict a penalty of £6, and costs 5s 6d Chinese- gambling - Six Chinamen were brought up charged by Mr Superintendent Winch with gaming under the 14th Victoria', No. 9. Mr Zincke defended the Chinamen. Ah Yen and Ah You were brought up as principals, the rest as persons present during the gambling. Constable Brown, on oath, said that on Friday night last; he proceeded to the Chinese camp: - Went there by virtue of a warrant produced. Saw a number of Chinese collected round a gambling table about four feet high. There was a sheet of tin kept for the purpose with money on it. The Constable then explained the game, stating that there was three to one on one number, three to two on another. and another even. He did not know what was the name of the game. Ah Yen was the counter. Ah You was paying out the money. The money was all placed when he went in. Tried to lay bold of one of the bankers, but he got under the table. Arrested the other. He expected the money was taken up by the parties who put it down. He knew nothing about the other prisoners. To Mr Zincke: Saw money on that very occasion. There was play going on. There were five constables altogether. The only warning that there was given was by witness, for the constables to come in. Knew the game, as he had played it him self. He was not moved to this arrest. He moved himself when he got instruc tions. Did not know whether his Reve rence had been arrested for having gambling at Church Bazaars. He was not posted up as to legal matters. Mr Zincke: Well then I'll post you up. Do you know that the in former receives part of the reward in these cases ? Mr Winch : Do you get any part of any reward ? Witness: Only through the authorities. Mr Zincke said the rewards went to the Police rewards first, and every constable was, therefore, indirectly interested. It was only lately that Constable Cahill had. got a reward of £5 for his daring and dashing attack on some Chinese at Yackan dandah. Constable Nixon said he was with last witness when he arrested the prisoners. The house was known to be a gambling house. The game was known as Fan Tan. (Witness here explained the game as being like odd and even.) Saw one man post a shilling. Tried to get that man, but missed him. Arrested one of the prisoners. Constable Coyle proved the arrest by him of Sam Tye and Ah Chu on the same occasion. Saw no gambling going on. Constable Bell had accompanied pre- vious witness, and arrested Ah Tung. They brought five of the prisoners down on that occasion. Tsze Hing, the Chinese interpreter, ex plained the meaning of the inscriptions taken from the wall, one of them said, "the ghost has the power to decide" an- other said politely, " if the treasure comes, take it." He, witness, never gambled; in his life, but knew how a game was played. To Mr Zincke: Any one can go and sit behind and be the banker. You can do that if you like, if you have money enough. Mr Zincke contended that the Crown had no case. They had not shown that any game had been played at all, and, moreover, games were not unlawful in themselves or at Common Law, but only by Statute. What they had proved concern- ing Fan Tan was certainly not mentioned in any Act. They must prove that it was an unlawful game under some particular Statute- In the case of the Queen v Smith Brown the law was clearly laid down, and not only must the game be proved to be unlawful but they must prove that there was a banker, while the evidence of Tsze Hing proved that any person might take the banking in this case. The Court was no more to presume that Fan Tan was an unlawful game than the higher court could in the game quoted assume that Fan Tan was an unlawful game. Mr Winch said the fourth clause said 'any game.' Mr Bowman here asked the bench to allow him to produce a few quotations as he was engaged in a similar case. There Were several cases which he pointed, out. to show that gambling was not in itself illegal, but the game must actually be specified in some one of the Acts against gambling. Case adjourned to next day (this day) at eleven clock. Vagrancy.—Ah Choy was then brought, up under the Vasfrnnt Act charged with playing an unlavrfuV^ime. Mr Bowman defended prisoner. Mr Winch sa'd he had not been aware of the cnses quoted by the learned gentle man, and he would .therefore not go on with the case Prisoner d'aVharged. Vagrancy.—Ah Shung was brought up charged with vaarraoc^. " ■ Tsze Hi'ig, the GovernmeTTf Interpreter* on oath, said : He knew him'for fou''Tpnrg. ; For the Kst two years he an*! three- othnrs remained aBleep all day and tried to get. •what they could in the. msht. •. Mr Win^h ask(-d the o:; e to he re mand; d.t 1.next day., G-apfrd Lottery.— A Chin. A Kong., and Ah Ping were bWmght :uo u:'der'the' 25*h j clause of the Town and Country Police j Act. for being concerned in a lottery. Detective Mainwarir>g proved fhat. the j defendants were encaged, in the usual lottery nusiness nt the Chinese Camn, Spring Creek Saw one of. them- b'JL lottery lick >ts Himilar to the one produced. Mr Zincke : You mean a piece of parte*". WitnessY-'s,' a piece of paper. Paid 6d and asked for a lottery ticket. Kuhherl out ten marks -with hlack ink. One of the defendants marked a like.numher with red. ink in a book Said to him ; ho.w> much do I win. He answered, ' Perhaos £4, perhaps Is. He said in answer to what day, ' Sun dee.' Constable Brown took a similar ticket at the same time Tn the evening saw AM Ping pnf; a la*" book through some bars to another China man. Constable Brown asked if his ticket were anything. Ah Ping'said ' not drawn for vet.' The drnwine commenced about 10 o'clock ut night. Witness then' explained the drawing of the -lotterv and •continued; on his witness's paper h'ei >g presented A Ping said 'no good.'' On speaking to Ah t hin?, who sold <"he tickets, he said he got nothing by it except a littlo money by selling the tickets. All Ping and Ah Jet were both behind the counter Saw a Chinaman receive £1 from one of the eight inside. ' To -Mr. ZinHce.: Ah Ping did not say who he got money from. Ah Ping and Ah Jet were partners. I think so because they looked like it. Mr Zincke : Looked like itDo Hook lik» a pirtner of Mr Martin's. • Witness: Yes you do, because you appear to act. with him. Constable Brown said that his paper also was declared 'to.be no good by Ah Ping. Did not get his sixpence back To Mr Z'nnko : Think all the Chinamen could have told- whether-, the .ticket was good as well as Ah Ping. There were eight partners altogether. Wm. Edmonds, .a lad about 14 or 15, was called to prove that' he had won money. Mr Zincke objected that his evidence should be takfn, as it was not on the day mentioned in the information. (he Bench ruled that the evidence could; not^be received. .. . i • . ,Mr Zincke again said there was no ease. The prosecutor must;prove that there was a lottery j-that tickets w°re taken ; that prizes were 'wonj; - andcwhat evidence was; there that these men were partners, or, beneficially interested jin- any- way.; . He.; further said, that some howling fanatics had moved the :police .in-, the case, while the; police themselves were engaged'at lotteries! at the church bazaars. '' * • y! /" ,) His Worship saW'the Chinese were per-! fectly wel'Haware that these''"lotteries were" ^illegal,: and notice had been served'on them a . fortnight ' ago, and they had rendered themselves! liable-to a fine of: £200 on a -•first offence,,.and to a fine of £20.0, with six ^months' imprisonment, on a second convic-. tion. Fined £10 each; costs 3s Bd each. Mr Ziiicie asked if the Bench would receive Chinese storekeepers as surety, to prosecute'an appeal in the ease- ■ • His Worship answered certainly; sub stantial Chinese security was as good as any other."' 