THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1861. ? The more the Border Customs diffi- culty is studied in aH its bearings, the moro apparent is the responsibility of the New South Wales Government for all contingencies that may happen. The aggression and the provocation are all her own. The answer of Mr. Forstes to Mr. M'Culloch was in tone and spirit an ultimatum which at once closed the door against further negotia- tion. Mr. Foester's proposition, that the question of the collection of duties should be at once considered by the Victorian Government, without any reference to the territorial ques- tion of boundaries, was simply un- tenable, and Mr. M'Culloch acted logically and legally in demanding that the adjustment of the navigation of the Murray should be the condition prece- dent to any proposal for the regulation of duties. To that single issue the con- troversy must have come at last ; and even if it had been possible to adjust the subordinate question of taxation, if it had been possible to approach the dis- cussion of the financial difficulty with any prospect of a satisfactory result, we are inclined to think that the ques- tion of the privilege of free naviga- tion should have obtained the priority in point of settlement, as in point of gravity it is undoubtedly the most urgent. This was the opinion of our Government, and their action on the Murray is merely the practical en 'forcement of ib that might have been expected. Mr. M'Culloch's bíx policemen are merely the natural se- quence to Mr. M'Culloch's despatch, and Mr. Forster himself having summarily closed all correspondence by the appointment of his customs officers, cannot be surprised if his curt sup- pression of Mr. M'Culloch has pro- duced the more formidable apparition of Mr. Hare. Enough has probably been done by Mr. Hake before this to bring about that climax in the disturbance which is necessary for a final adjudica- tion of the vexed question. Neither New South Wales nor Victoria probably assumes that an appeal to physical force has been made with a view to test the physical superiority of either of the con- tending parties, or that the contention is seriously to be decided vi et amis. All that we need is to bring the matter to a crisis, and take it, as soon as ever it is ripe for transfer, from the hands of Mr. Hare and his mon to the custody of the Supreme Court, and from thence by a constitutional stage to the charge of the Privy Council Mr. Forster him- self will scarcely decline to be convinced by the instruments we have adopted to bring about the consummation ho de- sires in common with ourselves. In I our own defence, it should be dis- tinctly remembered that we employ those instruments, not with a view to settle a dispute about an administra- tive or a financial quarrel, but for the sake of securing the establishment of a principle which involves not a temporary diplomatic triumph, but the permanent interests of the colony for all time. Even those who may be willing to mis- interpret our action and to malign our motive, must allow that the spirit which actuates us in maintaining our claims to the navigation of the Murray for our internal commerce, cannot in equity be confounded with a mere ex- hibition of temper at a fiscal aggression. Our rivalry is most emphatically not on a matter of. trade but of territory, and our procedure is not so much offensive as defensive. It is not we who pretend to resist the legal rights of Sydney, but »Sydney who claims, as confined to her self, rights to -which we have an equal title in law. Nor was it we "who first raised tho question of those rights. Whether or not Mr. Forster foresaw tho likelihood of the lesser diffi- culty merging at some state of the argument in the greater, it is cer- tain that, on his own responsibility, and without any provocation, he volun- teered to agitate the discussion by pre- facing his negotiation on the border duties with a dogmatic assumption of the absolute right and title of his country to the Murray. The ostensible thing to be arranged was the collection of duti- able goods "coming across the Eiver " Murray from Victoria j" and the petiiio principii consisted in the in- terjection in the desptch that "the "whole of the Murray was included, " geographically and politically, within "the limits of New South Walc3." Mr. Forster came to beg and io- na ains to exact. He is arrogant and humble in one and the same breath. He first robs us of all that is worth having, and, with an affected humility, implores us for the remainder. The result will most probably be, as it is -with most people who would play the double game of thief and mendicant at once, that he will not get what ho begs for, and that we shall force him to restore what he took. Until the clause in the Constitution Act, which gives concurrent jurisdiction over the Murray to both colonies, be explained away to our prejudice, we have a just cause of quarrel, and we are prepared to bear the consequences. Mr. M'Culloch, so far as he has gone, deserves every credit for the way he has borne himself in the contest. Mr. Forster has acted not only unüke a statesman, but unlike a gentleman; and it would not be easy for the Chief Secretary of Victoria to treat him with less courtesy than he merits. At the same time, we have no desire to be diplo- matic at the expense of our good manners. There is,indeed, one pai t of Mr. M'Cul loch's conduct not so praiseworthy, simply because it is not so explainable, '. One of the papers," says Mr. M'Cul- loch in his speech, " states that it is " impossible for any man but myself to " see any reason arising from the border " duties for a change in the tariff." And then he adds, our readers will remember : " Now, I will point to one particular " aiticle of consumption, namely, tea. " The present duty charged in Victoria " on tea is Gd. per pound, while the duty " charged in New South Wales and " South Australia is but 3d. per pound. " If we continue this difference of 3d. " per pound, it will pay parties to take " tea out of bond in Melbourne, send it " round by Adelaide, bring it up the " Murray, smuggle it into our own colony, " and bring it down to Melbourne again." That is to say, because the Echuca rail- way facilitates the smuggling of Vic- torian tea into Victoria, the imposition of a duty on tea taken from Victoria into New South Wales is an argument for protection to native industry. Where on earth, according to his way of putting it, is the association of ideas Mr. M'Culloch is striving at ? Where is the link of cause and effect in the circumstances as ho has stated them ? How does the occasion of the imposition of Border Customs by a neighbouring colony convey any justification of pro- tectionist policy at home? Where is " the reason," ever so little plausible, " arising from the border duties, for a " change in the tariff," that might not have been pleaded in favour of such a change at any time since Victoria paid a heavier duty on tea than her neighbours ? How is smuggling by way of the Murray more facilitated, now that we are denied the right of free navigation, than when we had undisturbed use of that watercourse? Wo can understand the completion of the Echuca Railway offering an occasion for some such purely precautionary mea- sure as Mr. M'Culloch professes; and we can understand, accordingly, the necessity for altering the tariff ; but why an alteration in the tariff should necessarily be made the excuse for coquetting with the Protectionists, is as unintelligible to us as making the cus- toms duties of Mr. Forster the pretext for altering it. Either Mr. M'Culloch is a very small logician, or he is a very large holder of tea ! Mr. Michie was hardly justified in saying at Prahran, the other night, that the American civil war has been " redeemed " by no features of personal devotion or " genius." Without staying to discuss the question-if it needs discussion-as to whether some of the achievements of Stonewall Jackson and others havo not entitled them to claim to be pos- sessed of military genius, we think it can be shown that " personal devotion" has not been wanting to redeem the war. We do not propose to speak of the recorded cases of loving mothers de- voting son after son to their country's cause ; but of the heroic spirit of self sacrifice with which thousands of Ame- rican ladies devote themselves to the care of the sick and wounded soldiers^ English men and women will know how to appreciate the heroism of women not inferior to their own Florence Night ingale in the energy and charity with which they went among the sick and dying soldiers, like ministering angels, scattering blessings and comfort on their way. Nor need we fear that those others who, like their English sisters, levied contributions in all country towns to supply these sisters of mercy with the means of carrying on their work of love, will fail of their reward. No sooner had intelligence of the first blow struck at Fort Sumter, on April 15,1861, reached New York, than the American ladies commenced their good work, and they have gone on from that day to this with unslackened energy and untiring love in their labours, which of course rapidly gained proportions gigantic enough to overwhelm any but tho most heroic self-devotion. " They have," says their Northern historian, " continually " exercised still greater energy in exact " proportion as their services were " needed for the benefit, not only of " their own army, but of the sick and " wounded of the enemy as well." What- ever difference may exist as to the policy of the war, there is none as to the ex traordinary enthusiasm manifested by men of all classes in its prosecution ; and "as the martial ardour of the " men was aroused " on Mr. Lin- coln's first call of 70,000 men, " so did the women rush to their work " of mercy." In every corner of the country they at once employed them- selves in making lint? bandages, and other medical wants. Soon associations were formed to work together in the com- mon cause. These proved the need of a central authority, and on April 25_ only ten days after the commencement of the war-fifty or sixty ladies met at New York to set about the establish- ment of a central association, and a committee was formed. An "address " to the women of New York, " and especially to those engaged "in preparing against the time°of " wounds and sickness in the army," at once called a public meeting at the Cooper Institute, New York, on the 29th of Apiil, 1861, to devise means of con- centrating and directing the energies of. " the women of the land, and so supply " extra medical aid for the army." A " Women's CentralAssociation of Relief," whose duty it was to communicate with the army authorities and circulate in- formation among minor societies and individuals as to the relief required, was formed. The meeting at which this was resolved upon " was perhaps the largest " collection of women ever assembled " in the country," and while in- cluding all classes, was more largely attended by ladies of wealth and position in society than by any other. At later meetings, it was resolved that the Women's Committee should work hand in hand with the stronger sex. Finally, the present "United States " Sanitary Commission" was formed, and through its machinery the working power and energy of all classes received direction and effect. An article in the Worth American Review gives us some insight into the working of the move- ment thus initiated, and few read- ing it will dispute the assertion, that it is " an institution which does " the American people greater honour " than any of the many they so justi "fiably boast of." The benefits of the women's branch of the Sanitary Commission have been felt in every part of the country into which the throes of war , have penetrated. Hundreds upon hundreds of women-many of them deli- cately-nurtured women - volunteered their services as nurses, and those who stayed did not " live at home at ease," but exerted themselves to collect and send in supplies of every kind of medical appliances and comforts. The Central Committee sent to every post-town in the Union a list of articles wanted by the army, and the proportion required from each particular locality. If not con- tributed in kind, money was asked for by the women, and up to March in this year the sum thus collected had reached 7,600,000 dollars. "The zeal, ability, " and business qualifications, they have " shown in these vast operations," says their historian, " have opened a new page " in the history of their sex." Each branch association finds its own funds, and in some cases very ingenious methods are resorted to for their aug- mentation. In Chicago, a fair was held for this purpose, and all the Western States were invited to send supplies thither, and we are told that on the 20th October last, when it opened, a pro- cession of waggons three miles long entered Chicago. These were laden with every conceivable kind of stores. The fair lasted for fourteen days, and everyday brought fresh additions of "supplies and purchasers. "Thecountry-people,forhun " dreds of miles around, sent in upon " their railroads the various products of " their farms, mills, and hands. Those " who had nothing else, sent the poultry " from their barn- yards j the ox, or bull, " or calf from the stall ; the title-deeds " of some fow acres of laud, or some " bushels of grain, onions, or potatoes. " Loads of hay were also sent from some " miles round the city, sold at once in " the hay-market, and their produce " handedover to the Women's Committee. " On the roads entering the city were " seen rickety and lumbering waggons, " made of poles, loaded with a mixed " freight-a few cabbages, a bundle of " socks, a coop of tame ducks, a few " barrels of turnips, a pot of butter, and " a bag of beans-with the proud and " humane farmer driving the team, his " wife behind in charge of the baby, " while two or three little children con " tended with the bundles or boxes for " room to sit or lie. The mechanics " and citizens of the towns and cities " were not behind the farmers in their " liberality, all bringing different agri " cultural tools or other instruments for " sale, and the sums they realized were "paid over to the general account." The feeding of the vast multitude thus brought together was undertaken by the ladies, of Chicago. They established a restaurant, where 1,500 dinners were supplied daily. For the commissariat they lovied a kind of mail upon all the inhabitants according to their means, and " hundreds of young girls, including " members of tho wealthiest families, " dressed in neat uniform," did duty as waiters. This fair brought fifty thou- sand dollars into the treasury of the Chicago branch. Besides collecting vast quantities of money, and stores, these American heroines go through an astonishing amount of physical labour. They re- ceive, acknowledge, arrange, mark, re- pack, store, and make ready for trans- mission, thousands of packages. The following is given as " a list of some of " the articles" forwarded to the seat of war by the ladies of the North--» estera branch:-10,911 blankets, 24,889 bed-ticks, 38,367 "comfortables," 10,421 pillows, 153,017 pillow-cases, 184,445 pairs of socks, 192,712 shirts, 107,763 pairs of drawers, 970,976 towels and handkerchiefs, 295,3711b. of lint, besides innumerable bottles of wine, cases of preserved milk, and numberless other good things. As an instance of the enthusiasm of another district, it is noticed that in Connecticut, " where " the villages are a pattern of neat " ness," and where the pride of a farmer's wife is in her window-curtains, it is now rare to find them-all having been sent to the war. I It is impossible here to follow all these things to their destination, or to describe how the several wants are sup- plied as they occur. The labour may be imagined-and all is dono by ladies. Letters are quoted from delicately 'brought up women working »3 nurses on large hospital ships, in one of which tbey had ""nine hundred typhoid cases" under their care, and numberless cases of actual hardship and danger are re- corded. Altogether, the histoiy of the doings of the women of America in this .war brings to light as noble a picture of "heroism and patient ' self-denial as we ?can call to mind ; and to sum up all, we .aro told that such is the estimation in which they are held, that they pass with perfect facility from the Federal into the Confederate lines, and vice versa. Were there only the deeds of these ladies to be recorded, it would never do to say that the war has been " redeemed ." by no features of personal devo .<' tion." The business connected with the nomina- tion of candidates for tberepreaontatioa in Par- liament of tbe electoral districts include .1 in -the "first," or "country"' ela1« of the schedulo P.P. attached to the Act 27th Viet nia, No. IC8, will be completed to-d.:y. There will bs bo formal pioposing and seconding as under 'the old law, but at noon punctually the re -turning officer for each district will appear nt a place appointed and publicly deolrro the names of the candidates who3e nominations . in writing have been received by him. There npon the candidates will, in all probability, ?? address the electors who may be assembled. .At all events, there .is nothing in the new act to prevent their doing so. The dis- tricts in Clasal (in Number 16) are South Boutke, East Bourke, West Bomke, Evelyn, Mornington, North Gipp3 Land, South Gippj Land, Dalhousie, South Grant, Ripon and Hampden, Polwarth and South Grenville, Villifra and Heytesbury, Dundas and Follett, the Wimmera, Normanby, and North Gren- ville. The polling for the3e districts ii fixed .for the 5th Octobor. Our Geelong correspondent informs uh that there were only three nominations for South Grant yesterday afternoon-namely, P. Lalor, J. R. Hopkin?, and W. N. MCinn. A9 there aro no moro candidates than eea'i the three .gentlemen named will to morrow bo officially .declared elected. The proposed division of the county of Bannockburn into ridings has been the oc- casion of no little stir in the district. The shire council has declared in favour of two ridings, each returning three members, while a large body of the ratepayers, in public meeting assembled, have pronounced for the creation of three divisions, so as to create a council of nine members. Messrs. Hall and Boyd, on behalf of the council, and Messrs. Ripper, Martin, and Bulger, on behalf of the dissentient ratepayers, waited upon the Acting-Minister of Roads yesterday, and submitted their respective cases, each party contending that the system of repre- sentation they proposed would the better pro- mote the general interests of the district. Mr. Sullivan professed himself in doubt as to what were the wishes of the majority of the residents, and postponed his decision until the facts of the case could be better ascer- tained, and until the council had had an op- portunity of considering the ratepayers' memorial, which he directed should be re- ferred to them. A very interesting lecture was delivered yesterday evening at St. Stephen's School- room, Richmond, by the Rev. C. T. Perks, on "The Wanderings of Israel." The lecture was one of a series delivered in aid of the Church Fund, and the audience was ex- tremely numerous. The rev. lecturer com- menced by stating that, although he could not hope to compress the whole subject into the scope of a lecture, he would do his best to make its general aspect intelligible to his bearers, and he apologised to the learned por- tion of his auditory for being about to use the most simple phraseology, that his remarks might be the clearer to those who did not happen to be well versed in the sub- ject. The lecturer stated that during the past thirty years the historical accuracy of many portions of the Bible had been called in question by very learned men, to the great grief of these who believed sincerely in that book. It was at the outset very difficult to account for the Bible being in existence at all unless it were true, and discoveries of recent years bad gone far to prove its precise accuracy, and had altogether disposed of the chief allegations against the authenticity of its Jewish history. The first connexion of Israel with Egypt might be dated from the tale of Joseph, although it was evident from sculptures on old monuments that transactions had occurred previously. The tomb of Joseph had been found, but his body was not in it, as it had been removed by Israel, according to his request. The tomb of the then reigning Pharaoh contained no body, and the inscription on it broke off abruptly, as it was customary for the Egyptians to say as little as possible of the failures of their monarchs ; and in this instance it was per- haps not deemed desirable to record that Pharaoh perished in the Red Sea, in pursuit of the Israelites. The lecturer then referred to the Sinaitic inscriptions, which for so long a period had been a problem to the learned. These inscriptions were on the enormous perpendicular faces of rocks on the Sinaitic peninsula--sometimes in characters six feet high, and carved both on sandstone and granite. The extreme dryness of the air in that spot had preserved them during the lapse of more than thirty centuries; but, although they were in the ancient Hebrew cha- racter, they could not be read with any sense by the Hebrew lexicon. It was discovered re- cently that, read by the Arabic lexicon, they gave clear and consecutive accounts of many historical facts recorded in Scripture, and threw additional light on some of them. As to the statement made by Dean Stanley, that they were comparatively modern, Diodorus Sicculus referred to them as ancient ; and a writer 200 years B.C. said that these were very ancient inscriptions, in an unknown charac- ter and langnage. It was remarkable that these inscriptions, when translated, possessed the Egyptian idiom; but they were not written by Egyptians, for in no instance was there any representation of Apis, or any other of the Egyptian deities, a thing never omitted by the Egyptian sculptors. The dove, and other birds mentioned in Scripture, however, appeared. At the different halting-places, names were inscribed on rocks in the valleys, expressive of various circumstances of the exodus ; and the burying-place of the Jews had been found in the wilderness, just where it was recorded that so many of them died from over-indulgence in the birds \--improperly translated as qualls--which were sent to them. The lecturer throughout en- deavoured to prove the certainty and accu- racy of the history contained in the Scrip- tures, and, at the conclusion of a lecture of no ordinary ability, was warmly applauded and thanked by the audience. The Melbourne Bowling Club is now, as the season advances, beginning to attract some attention. A number of the members paid a visit of inspection to " the green" at Chapel-sheet Station, on Saturday last, and it was agreed that, in consequence of the rich growth of the grass, " the green" should be opened next month. It was also considered advisable to remind members that upwards of a hundred pairs of howls would take some time in the making, and that they could ascertain from the hon. secretary where they could be supplied with the propor models, and of the best wood, lignum vitæ. It was also re- solved that a meeting be held on " the green," on Saturday next, for the purpose of nomi- nating directors, notice of which will be given in an advertisement. The Rev. J. B, M'Cure, Baptist minister, of Sydney, is now engaged ia delivering lectures on "John Bunyan," at St. George's-hall. The lectures are illustrated by dissolving views, and the proceeds arising from them are to be applied towards the liquidation of the debt on the Particular Baptist Churoh, Sydney. A meeting of the St. Peter's Young Men's Association was held last evening at the school-room. The reading of an essay by Mr. J. G. Kidgell, on " Ghosts," was the chief item in the evening's proceedings. Persons afflicted with a growing inability to see their own toes will thank Mr. Stephens, of Collins-street, for having issued Mr. William Banting's celebrated " letter addressed to the public" on corpulence. Banting's system of diet for the cure and prevention of obesity has attracted wide- spread attention in England, and is not unknown here. We have heard of more than one gentleman familiar to Melbourne society who has to thank Banting for the loss of sundry superfluous pounds--even stones-- of flesh. The publisher of this colonial re- print of the letter tells us that he has been induced to publish it "from the fact that a very few copies of tbe English edition had reached the colonies, while the demand for the same was great--some hundred copies could readily have been disposed of in a few days." We do not imagine Mr. Stephens need apprehend that he will lose by the course he has adopted. A meeting, convened by circular, was to have been held yesterday afternoon, at Scott's Hotel, for the purpose of taking steps to have the new traction engine, invented by Mr. P. W. Phillips, and which was brought under public attention a few months ago, submitted to a full and practical test. There was a numerous response to the invitation, but, in consequence of the short notice given, several gentlemen who take an interest in the inven- tion were unable to attend ; and it was, there- fore, decided to adjourn the meeting for a week. The Supreme Court yesterday, in its matri- monial jurisdiction, heard the case of Boldner (husband) v. Boldner (wife), Brambilla, and Quancki. It was a petition by a naturalized Hungarian for divorce, on the ground of adultery with Brambilla, an Italian, and bigamy with Quancki, a Swiss. The petition was granted, with costs against both co- respondents. In the Insolvent Court yesterday, Robert Beattie, a witness, while under examination respecting the estate of his son (deceased), committed such gross prevarication, that the Chief Commissioner committed him for seven days to gaol. The witness (an elderly man) was, on the previous Wednesday, committed for seven days for similar gross conduct in the witness-box. Sobriety must be a scarce commodity in the Ovens district, judging by a statement in the last number of the Ovens Constitution, to the effect that--"In the Beechworth Police Court, on Saturday, there was a clean sheet, not even a drunkard putting in an appear- ance." A burglary of a violent character has been reported to the police as committed on Tuesday night, at the house of J. A. Keenan, situate at the corner of the Punt-road and Rowena-terrace, Richmond. The statement of Mr. Keenan is to the effect that at half- past ten o'clock two men made an entrance to the house by forcing open the back door. Alarmed by the noise, he went downstairs, taking a loaded pistol with him. One of the men making an attempt to stab him with a knife, he fired the pistol, when the two fel- lows decamped by the same way as they had entered. From the number of cases of pocket- picking which are continually being reported to the police as occurring at the Spencer street terminus, and the number of offenders who aro detected in the act, it would seem that the hurry and bustle of the platform of our principal railway station, together with the fact that a large number of its frequenters are unsuspecting arrivals from the country, afford special facilities to the light-fingered gentry for plying their vocation with profit. An old pickpocket, named William Smith, who had been noticed by a cabman, named George Goodhall, making an attempt upon the pocket of a lady on the platform, on Tues- day afternoon, and who was subsequently ap- prehended by Constable Fitzpatrick, having picked the pocket of another lady of 13s., was brought up at the City Police Court yes- terday. The charge against him being fully proved, he was sent to gaol for twelve months, with hard labour. There was no business whatever transacted at the Sandridge Police Court yesterday. The business at Emerald-hill Police Court yesterday was confined almost exclusively to the hearing of actions for the recovery of small debts. A charge against a householder for keeping swine on his premises was dis- missed, and the defendant cautioned against continuing the nuisance. The charge of un- lawful assault preferred by Caroline Benfield against John Jenkins, which had been dis- missed without prejudice on the previous court day, was again brought before the Bench, who postponed the hearing until Sa- turday next. Dr. Haig and Messrs. Thistle- thwaite and Gardner were the magistrates on the bench. On Saturday, a workman at Baker's lime- kilns, on the eastern beach at Geelong, found a fossil bone, at about the level of high-water mark, but under a bed of limestone and earth upwards of thirty feet in thickness. An oil painting, by N. Chevalier, entitled " The Halt of the Pilgrims," was sold by auction, by Messrs. N. Harris and Co., on Tuesday, for the sum of £50. An inquest was held yesterday by Dr. Youl, at the Morgue, upon the body of Wil- liam Lee, a boy, who was drowned on the previous day while bathing in the swamp near the Melbourne Railway. Deceased was sent out to get some wood, and, meeting with some other boys, they went to the swamp to bathe. They all went together into the water, when deceased suddenly got beyond his depth, and was drowned before any assistance could be procured. The body was soon afterwards recovered, but life was extinct. The jury found that the deceased was " accidentally drowned." A young man named Robert Johnson was taken into the hospital last evening, from Northcote, suffering from a fracture of the hip. While driving a cart- load of manure he stumbled over a stone, and falling beneath the wheel received the injury mentioned. Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday at the Central Gaol upon the body of Richard Stephenson, a prisoner, aged sixty-three years, under a sentence to three months' imprison- ment as a vagrant. Deceased when admitted was very feeble. He died on the 20th instant. In accordance with the medical evidence, the jury found that the deceased died from old age and debility. Amongst suburban cricket clubs that of St. Kilda takes leading rank, but its prestige during the past season has not been main- tained in accordance with its prominent position. This has been attributed to the in- attention of the secretary elected at the annual meeting last year, and it may also be owing in some measure to the apathy shown by the members themselves, only forty of whom, it seems, paid up their subscrip- tions. The annual meeting of the club was held last evening at the Terminus Hotel. There was a fair attondance of mem- bers, and the chair was occupied by Mr. K. E. Brodribb, president of the club. The report and financial statement were submitted, and approved of. The com- mittee, in their report, adverted to the un- satisfactory position of the club and its causes, and stated their inability to furnish the record of more than nine matches played by the club, five of which were won and four lost. A portion of the ground, measuring 40ft. by 26ft., had been made during the winter,under the supervision of Messrs. Fowler and Hardcastle, but, owing to the severe weather, it was not in so forward a state as the committee could wish. A continuance of the present favourable weather,however, would greatly improve it. The liabilities of the club were stated to be £59, but by the creation of a number of life memberships at £5 5s. each, it was anticipated that the debt would soon be cleared off. The committee concluded their report by impressing upon members the neces- sity for promoting the interests of the club by individual and united exertion. The following office bearers for the ensuing season were appointed :--President, Mr. K. E. Brod- ribb ; vice- presidents, Messrs. J. Watson and E. Fowler; treasurer, Mr. H. C. Fraser; secretary, Mr. A. Hardcastle ; committee-- Messrs. E. Watson, J. S. Roberts, R. Smith, H. W. Le Piastrier, and J. C, Brodie. The pro- ceedings terminated with the usual compli- ments to the chairman. The Ballarat Post of last evening contains the following:--"A man, evidently in a state of lunacy, was yesterday found stuck fast in the sludge in the creek, near the Redan Bridge. A rope was thrown to him, and several efforts made to extricate him from his very disagreeable position, but without effect, as he not only refused all assistance, but got very fightable, and said he would make it a warning to anyone who in- terfered with him. A constable (No. 137) soon arrived, and, after stripping himself, entered the creek, and extricated the unfor- tunate man, and lodged him in the lock-up. The name of the wretched individual is William Howard, and he has since been for- mally charged with lnnacy, and remanded for seven days for medical treatment." The Bendigo News of last evening states that " several capitalists from Melbourne are at present on a visit to Sandhurst, with a view to invest in some of the numerous quartz companies of the district." The members of the Presbyterian Church of Eagle-hawk, Bendigo, are divided upon the question whether instrumental music, in the form of a harmonium, shall be introduced into their worship. The subject was discussed at a meeting held on Monday night. The pastor, the Rev. Mr. Abernethy, presided. Mr. W. Simpson moved, "That the harmonium be received into the church, as an assistance in the psalmody of the congregation." Mr. Cole seconded the motion. Mr. Barber pro- posed, as an amendment, " That the harmo- nium be not received." The great glory of Presbyterianism (he said) was its simplicity, and the introduction of this instrument was a complicated innovation, from which no good could be expected ; the next thing would be the doing away with psalm singing. Mr. M'Grekan, in seconding the amendment, ob- served that the Word of God said nothing about it, and it was better to remain as they were in case Satan led them astray. The apostles had no harmoniums. Mr. J. B. Richards quoted Scripture to show that instrumental music was not objectionable in assisting in the singing of God's praise. Mr. Hosy remarked that if they were to "stick at trifles," and take the apostles for an example in all things, he would ask why the clergy of the present day wore bands and suits of black and heavy gowns, most uncomfortable to wear in sum- mer. Dr. Sorley opposed the motion, be- cause he was opposed to innovations. He thought their vocal attainments as a congre- gation very superior, and the admiration of the district. The introduction of the har- monium would draw a light and frivolous class of attendants to the church, whom they did not want to come there, and eventually lead to great trouble. Mr. J. Moorhead took a more liberal view of the question. He observed that, after careful consideration, he was in- clined to look charitably towards the instru- ment. The Old Testament was in its favour, and there was nothing against it in the New. He did not approve of fiddles and pipes in churches, as they were instruments of levity, and their use would give a handle to scoffers ; but an organ or harmonium was a most appropriate instrument for churches. Other persons took part in the discussion, which was closed by the Chairman intimating that, next Sabbath, the congregation would de- cide the uestion by each member and adhe- rent writing his or her name on a slip of paper, with the word " accept" or " reject," as he was either for or against it, and leaving the same in the collection box. The solicitors of Sandhurst have agreed to close their offices every Thursday, at one o'clock. A billiard match betweon Roberts and Norcliffe took place at the Victoria Hotel, Geelong, on Tuesday evening. The champion gave his opponent 500 points in 1,000. Roberts was the winner by only twenty six, Norcliffe's score amounting (by the time the champion gained his 1,000) to 974. The spring meeting of the Geelong and Western District Agricultural and Horticul- tural Society is fixed for the 29th inst. His Excellency the Governor has intimated his intention of being present. An effort is being made to erect a district orphan asylum at Creswick. The Ballarat Bast Borough Council have adopted a petition to the Queen against trans- portation to Australia. It ia said that the Theatre Royal, Ballarat, will probably be purchased by the local Total abstinence Society, and be converted into a temperance-hall. The Ballarat Star, speaking of local accli- matisation efforts, says;--"The gold and silver fish at the Botanical gardens may now be counted by dozens. The keeper of the aviary informs us that he has set at liberty several of the Java sparrows, and all but a pair of the English sparrows. It was found that, so long as those latter pugnacious little creatures were permitted to be within the aviary, they assaulted every other bird in the place, and prevented any but themselves building nests. Since their liberation, several have built nests in the spouts of the Bank of Australasia, but others have returned to the garden, and in some mysterious way contrived to wriggle them- selves into the aviary again. The keeper says that where a mouse can gain admission, an English sparrow will. It is presumed they have returned for the sake of the good feeding they experienced at the outset of their accli- matisational existence. The pheasants look healthy and plump, as do the quail; but neither will permanently thrive, build, or breed, so long as they are kept along with so many other smaller birds, and in such other- wise very unsuitable quarters." A theatre has been opened at Auckland, under the management of Mr. George Faw- cett late of this city. The establishment is called the " Theatre Royal." "Another of those golden patches for which the Pyrenees reefs are so famous was struck," says the Talbot Leader, "in No. 4 Claim, Pyrenees Reef, Redbank, last week. The lucky owners crushed 400oz. of gold from a bucketful of stone." At the Theatre Royal, " Julius Cre'ar" and ""Bombastes Furioso " continue suc- cessfully to point the brief measure be- twixt " the sublime and the ridiculous." In the tragedy the former may be reached, the great scenes leading up to the fall of the first Rmperor of the Romans being vory well played ; and in the comic busi- ness of the burlesque the talents of the artists engaged are successfully occupied in dissi- pating all sense of the poetic drama. This attractive combination of effects will be re- peated all the week, " Lady Audley's Secret." and the burlesque of " Ali Baba, or the Forty Thioves" were repeated at the Haymarket Theatre last night. This evening is "a juvenile night," and therefore the burlesque will open the performance. His Excellency the Governor last night patronised the Christy's Minstrels, who ap- peared, to quote the words of the advertise- ment, " in a select Programms of their choicest gems." 