SLAVERY. (From the Observer.) " The Horrors of the Virginia Slave Trade and of Slave rearing Plantations : the true story. of Dinah, an escaped Virginian Slave, now in London;" by John Hawkins Simpson, printed by A. W. Bennet, Bishopsgate street, is the title of a little book just published, to which too large a share of the alien- tion of the community cannot be directed at this moment. This work furnishes extracts from the laws of the slave holding States, and from the de- cisions of their tribunals, which suffice to show that for the slaves there is no protection, either by law or by public opinion, from the barbarities, of their masters. Since the abolition of the African slave trade, the Border States have thriven by rearing slaves for exportation to the Southern plantations. The number of slaves so exported between the years 1840 and 1856 amounted to 235,000, being at the rate of 23,000 a year. Taking the exported slaves at 700 dollars each, their value would be £3,290,000 yearly. Such exportation involves thousands of families in misery, and the slaves therefore regard the slave traders with greater horror than that with which the kidnappers inspire the negroes in the wilds of Africa. The story of Dinah, who is now in London, and who bears the ineffaceable marks of the brutal pun- ishments which she has suffered, is but a specimen of what must occur in slave-holding States, where laws are made in the spirit shown by the extracts given in this work. Dinah was the daughter of Priscilla, a household slave in the family of Henry Hope, a wealthy planter in Virginia, who had no less than 400 slaves. He was married to an English lady, his second wife, who was generally kind to the children of the former wife, and who treated, her slaves with gentleness. The slave Priscilla died when Dinah was only six months old, and she was left in charge of her grandmother until she grew big enough to run on errands. Hope, her master, was also known to be her father, but she being looked upon only as a chattel, was treated as such, and was beaten for the smallest faults. The cowhide was used on these occasions, and the torture was aggravated by washing her back with brine in order to prevent mortification. At length she attempted to escape, but she was traced by hunting dogs and captured. For that attempt she was flogged, and branded on the shoulder and on the instep with heated irons. Shortly after this she was witness to the death of a fellow slave, to whom she was much attached. This slave's name was Jessie, the daughter of a Quadroon and of a white man. She herself was perfectly white, and her cheeks were as rosy as those of any English maiden. Her work was at first in the fields, but her health declined, and being too weak for outdoor labour she was put to indoor work. As her disease progressed, vague ideas of prayer— caught up at some negro camp meeting— crossed her mind, and whilst offering a fervent prayer on her knees be- neath some tree, she sometimes forgot how time fled, and was beaten for praying which was deemed to be an excuse for idleness. Whilst Dinah still suffered under the effects of the punishment in- flicted for her attempt to escape, she, when looking out of the window one afternoon, saw Jessie walk- ing up the avenue, her hands tied together; between the white and black overseers, and presently, the plantation bell sounded, to call all the slaves and their children to see a practical warning, from which they were to take profit. When all the slaves were assembled in the grounds, the overseer stripped Jessie naked, then tied her hands to the bough of a tree above her head, and, fastened her legs together. Wildshaw, the overseer, then took the cowhide,. while her master looked sternly at Wildshaw to see if he could detect any sign of pity that might un- nerve his arm. The word "ready " was given and the cowhide whistled in the air round Wildshaw's head. When it fell, the consumptive girl shrieked wildly as she flung her head from side to side till it seemed as if her neck would break, and the second blow ploughed bloody furrows in her quivering flesh "Will you ever pray again ?'' roared Wildshaw, but now she uttered only a moaning sound. "Why don't you pray to Jehovah ?' What good is it to you, d-— n you?" roared Wildshaw again; and a third blow fell with a sound like a splash. The fourth blow flashed through the midst of curses and threats ; but the moaning had ceased, and the cow- hide made cuts on a lifeless body. The once beau- tiful figure of Jessie was then stretched out, a cotton sheet was carelessly thrown over the body, whilst a hole was being dug for it in the marsh. About a year after this, Dinah and other slaves; male and female, in all thirteen couples, were sum- moned to the dining-room, where the family and some guests were sitting over their dessert after dinner. As the slaves entered the room the party got up from the dessert, and one gentleman— a magistrate— took the hand of a girl and put into that of a man, repeating the action till all were paired. Then a young lady laid a broomstick in the doorway, and the magistrate said to each couple as they jumped over the stick. " You are man and wife." A glass of strong spirits was then given to each of the men, and they were ordered to dance and be merry !! In this manner Dinah was mar- ried to Jem Brown, who was a general favourite with all the slaves, so she did not complain, though she had been taken completely by surprise. Her service then continued, and soon after her marriage she was, by her master's orders, flogged with the cowhide till her back was torn. She had fifteen children by her husband, but many were born dead through ill usage, and four times she had twins. Her first child's name was Priscilla, and when the child reached her tenth year, a message was sent one morning to Dinah to dress the child, make her look smart, and bring her to Mr. Hope. We have not space to give the painful details of what fol- lowed. The object of the message was to dispose of the child to a dealer, who had just called. The dealer tore away the child, who screamed, fell on her bare knees in the dust, and was dragged along, crying "Mamma, mamma, bh, don't let them take me away !" The mother started as if from a swoon, and darted wildly after the child ; but on the high road twelve other slaves were walking, tied by ropes round their necks, whilst the black overseer with, his cowhide tried to stop the heart rending cries of those who within an hour were to lose forever a husband, a wife, a father, a mother, a son; or a daughter. Some time after this Dinah's husband died of a blow struck on his head with a heavy hammer by Wildshaw, the overseer. Soon after his death Mr. Hope said that he must sell Dinah's son Charley, aged four years, as he (Mr. Hope) was selling some slaves in order to raise money to edu- cate his children. In a moment of anguish Dinah said," I hope Jehovah will take him before he is sold from me." In two hours after the child was seized with convulsions, and he died on the next day. In a few days afterwards Mr. Hope deter- mined to sell Dinah. She had refused to marry a slave named Jones, who had been the cause of her husband's death, and Mr Hope said, "You are now of no service. My children are grown up, you re- fused to marry Jones, so there is no use in keepiog you. You will be sold tonight to a trader." On that night— in the autumn of 1860— Dinah fled from the plantation, and after wandering for weeks, and narrowly escaping her pursuers, she at length reached the borders of Pennsylvania. By that time she was completely exhausted and in despair. She lay down on the ground, and as she was crouching, nearly naked, behind a bush, her hand was suddenly grasped by a man, who said, "Who's there ?" She confessed that she was a runaway slave, and the man sent a person who was with him for a horse- cloth out of his gig. He then rolled her up in the horse cloth, put her into the gig, and drove her to his home, where his wife received her and tended her all the night. In this kind Pennsylvanian family she remained four months. She was after- wards enabled to come to Europe, and since her arrival in London she has got needlework from some kind ladies. But she still suffers from the terrible injuries received during twenty-five years of her wretched life. So great is the pain, that at a change of weather she cannot hold her needle, and for nights together she is kept awake by frightful dreams that she is being tortured over again. \--------------------------------------------------- SHOCKING ACCIDENT. -- On Wednesday evening last, while senior sergeant Jager, constable Bright, and a black tracker were out in the bush, about seven miles beyond the Seventeen Mile Bush for the purpose of investigating Dan Hall, it com- menced raining about nightfall, when they came upon an old abandoned bark gunyah, over which they spread their tent, and intended camping for the night. Bright crawled inside to put matters in trim for watching, and taking hold of a carbine by the barrel to put it aside, when unfortunately it came in contact with some obstacle that pressed back the hammer of the lock, which slipping, the hammer came down on the cap, causing the car- bine to go off. The muzzle was pointed close to the unfortunate man's side, and the charge— seven pistol bullets— went right through the lower part of his side. He immediately called out to the tracker— ' What was your piece loaded with ?" Ser- geant Jager, thinking the carbine had been dis- charged intentionally, looked into the hut, and was about to make some enquiry about its cause, when he observed that a serious accident had occurred. On examining the wound; he found that a considerable portion of a silk handkerchief, which had ben in Bright's waistcoat pocket, was forced by the explo- sion into his side. This he pulled out, and bound up the wound in the best manner he could, and assisted the wounded man on his horse. They then rode into Young — a distance of twenty-four miles. On arriving at Mr. Saunderson's, Camp Hotel, the wounded man was assisted inside, and Dr. Temple sent for. Although the wound is a very serious one, Dr. Temple does not despair of Bright's re- covery. Any one to see the two holes in the waist- band of his trousers, where the shots entered and came out, could scarcely credit that the wearer could have survived an hour.—Braidwood Dispatch. HUMOUROUS SPEECH.— The following speech, which we extract from the Western Examiner, was delivered by the Rev. J. Thornton at a Presbyte- rian Tea Meeting, held in Orange, N. S. Wales, on the 10th ultimo: — The reverend gentleman had had his text furnished him some days ago: but he didn't like it because it was as dry as "Scotch dust." (Laughter.) It was as cold as frost and as old as Adam. (Renewed laughter.) It ran in this way: "Say all you can— do all you can— give all you can.'' The first and second of the injunctions were right enough. Everybody would admit that it was right to do all they could. But he should like to leave the last to his reverend friend (Mr. Adam) because he was notorious for begging. (Laughter.) " His fame is in all the Churches," because he gave all he could and had a happy method of getting everybody else to do the same. He (Mr. Thornton) wished he could take a leaf out of his book. It put him in mind of a minister he once heard say he was born a beggar. ( Laughter.) He could not say whether his friend Mr. Adam had been born a beg- gar, but it was quite clear he understood the busi- ness. They had been engaged together before in matters of this kind. He went to Mr. Adam's meeting at Carcoar, and Mr. Adam came to his meeting at Bathurst. But this was the best meet- ing he (Mr. Thornton) had attended in the colony, except perhaps one in Sydney, some three or four weeks ago, when they had something like 20 minis- ters gathered on the platform advocating the com- mon principles of our great and glorious Christi- anity. After reverting to the causes for thankfulness for the spread of the Gospel in the community, passing some encomiastic remarks on the Rev. Mr. Clarke, and commending harmony of action amongst the different religious bodies, the rev. gentleman concluded with some amusing anecdotes and amongst them the following : In a distant part of one of the old countries, in a town of not very great pretensions, there existed a Church whose congregation had assembled in the same house and worshipped together for a considerable number of years. The minister had grown old for his impor- tant work, and he gave his congregation notice it was his intention to retire from active service. In the course of time his successor was appointed; and the old minister who was fond of agricultural pur- suits, purchased a little property some miles away. He had a few acres of land and a very nice garden, and not satisfied with this, rented a farm a consider- able distance from his residence, employing a farm bailiff to manage it. His successor in the ministry was a young man; the people grew dissatisfied with him; the congregation decreased rapidly and sometimes there was no service at all. It was pro- posed to shut the church up and dispose of the pro- perty; but before doing so it was arranged that one of the members should write to the old minister and obtain his advice. By the same post the old minister received a note from his bailiff, complain- ing that the old bull had broken loose and done a great deal of damage. The old minister in replying to the two communications sent the letter intended for the farm to the Church and the letter for the Church to the farm. Of course the gentlemen of the Church were very much at a loss to understand it, and they called the friends together, to consider the advice it gave, which was in these words: "Plough deep. Manure well. Keep up the fences. Chain the old bull." (Laughter.) After much dis- cussion one old gentleman explained the meaning thus; "Plough deep." We have lived too much upon the surface. There has been no depth of piety. " Manure well." It refers to our minister's salary. We have not paid the man his salary. "Keep up the fences." There is nothing like Christian dis- cipline and order. "Chain the old bull." Which implies that the devil has broken loose amongst us. His (Mr. Thornton's) advice to the large assemblage now before him, was to listen to the figurative di- rections— " Plough deep. Manure Well. Keep up the fences. And chain the old bull". (Applause.) MAN LOST IN THE BUSH.— A short time ago, a dealer was travelling with his wife in the neigh- bourhood of the Bogan; and when in the bush, the axletree of his dray broke: he then made his way to a station belonging to Mr. Simons, with the view of borrowing a cart until he could get his dray re- paired. He left the station to go towards the dray where he had left his wife, but, missing his road, he was lost in the bush, and nothing farther was heard of him for five weeks. At the end of five weeks another man who was also lost, came upon a deserted station in the bush, he found a hut with the windows barricaded and the door barred; he knocked at the door, aud shouted to know if any person was within ; the first man referred to was inside, and just had power to reply. The new comer went in and found the poor fellow very much ex- hausted; he told him that the whole time of his wandering (thirty-five days) he had eaton nothing but bull frogs, which he ate raw as he ahd no means of getting a fire, not having even a knife with him. The second man had some matches and a "billy," and he went for some water, made a fire, and with some green hide made soup, upon which both the unfortunates feasted. The next morning the second man started off for assistance, and having fortun- ately reached a station in the neighbourhood, a cart was sent for the man first lost," and he was taken to the station; when he ascertained that during his absence his wife had been confined. Fortunately there was plenty of water in the bush owing to the late rains, or the man must have perished; as it was he was reduced to a skeleton, and was very weak. We learn that since he was brought home to the station he has quite recovered. This is one of the most wonderful escapes from death by star- vation that we have heard for many years. --- ?????????????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????????????? other of their mutual perdition, recapitulating the offences which have produced it. Something simi- lar might be written with good effect, dividing the imaginary conversation between, let us say, the Stomach and the Man, and making an attack of gout, the subject of their recriminations. The Man might accuse the Stomach of having done its duty so badly that he is tormented with a burning fire in his extremities, whish will neither let him eat, drink, walk, nor rest. The Stomach might plead justification, and say that she had lighted the said fire as the only means of getting a moment's rest from an intolerable taskmaster. Again; the Man might complain that he had lost all enjoyment of life, that his spirits were depressed, his mind gloomy, his appetite gone, his once fine muscular system reduced to flabby indolence; that his food did him more harm than good, so that it had become a misery to eat, and that every meal was followed by a leaden oppression which rendered life an in- supportable burden. The Stomaoh, having listened to all this, delivered in a tone of angry accusation, would reply, " My case is just as bad as your own. Before I had well digested your breakfast, you gave me a meat luncheon to see to, and before I had got that out of the way, you thrust a dinner upon me large enough for three stomachs. Not satisfied with that, you wound up the day with a supper, drenching me all the time with ale, wine, spirits, tea, coffee, rum, more wine, and more spirits, till I thought you had taken leave of your senses ; and when I heard you groaning in your sleep, starting up every now and then as if apoplexy had broken into the house, and was going to carry you off, I said 'Serve him right if it did. And in this way you went on, year after year, treating all my re- monstrances with contempt. I gave you head-ache after head-ache ; I tried to recall you to reason with half-a-dozen attacks of influenza, gave you a bilious fever, made you smart with a rheumatism, twinged you with gout till you roared. But all to no pur- pose. You went on making me digest till the work broke my back, and now I can digest no longer." This reproach might be even made pathetic, by a description of the stomach watching its hard tasks come down to it from the regions above between dinner and bedtime. First, comes a plate of soup and bread, and a glass of sherry ; "I can manage that," says the Stomach. Then a plate of fish, with more bread and more sherry ; "and that," adds the Stomach, " though these sauces don't quite agree with me." Then comes beef, or mutton, or both, and stout; then game and sherry; then a dish of tart. "Confound this pastry," says the Stomach, " it gives me more trouble than anything else; but if the master will only stop here, I think, if I put out all my powers, I can get even this rubbish out of the way." But she has hardly taken this hopeful view of the case, when down come cheese; celery, apples, oranges, nuts, figs; almonds and raisins, port, sherry, claret, and a tumbler of hot Hollands- and-water. "Good gracious ! was there ever such a mess?" exclaims the Stomach; what can the man mean ? Does he think one pair of hands can manage all this? Still the willing slave goes to work, when presently there is a rush of hot tea from above, with a thin slice of bread and butter. And when the Stomach with infinite labour got the hodge- podge into some sort of homogenous shape, and is preparing to take a nap after her ex- haustion, lo ! a devilled drumstick rushes into its laboratory, two devilled kidneys, a bottle of stout and three tumblers of hot brandy and water.--Lon- don Review. From recent accounts in the Richmond papers it appears that in the Confederate States, gold has risen to 1,675 premium, and sterling exchange to 1,810, against 152 for gold, and 167 for exchange in the New York market. Corn is selling at from 12 to 14 dollars per bushel, currency; bacon at 3 dol- lars per lb. ; whiskey at from 60 to 75 dollars per gallon : and many other things at most exorbitant prices. The Montreal Witness says that a French Cana- dian landowner died suddenly, to all appearances, a few days ago; and was taken to the church for in- terment. As the service was proceeding, noises were heard coming from the coffin. The lid was taken off, and the man was found to be alive. On the following day he was able to be about. The Cambria Leader says that recently a lad, aged 14, living at Dowlais; went out into a back yard in the evening, and returned almost instantly in great fright exclaiming that he had seen his own ghost. When sufficiently recovered to give an account, he said that on opening the back door he saw himself white and deathlike, standing in front, and he at once ran back. His friends endeavoured to joke him out of the belief, but he was not to be shaken; and, singular to add, he sickened; and though a healthy lad up to the date of his fright, grew worse and died. The robbery of the Duke of Brunswick's dia- monds has become complicated by a new incident. Since the jewels were taken from Shaw's person they have remained in custody at the Correctional Police. After the condemnation of the guilty party the Duke applied for the property, but could not obtain possession of it, in consequence of an oppo- sition having been lodged in the name of the reign- ing duke, who claims a great part of the jewels as belonging to the Crown of Brunswick. A suit for twopence, the smallest on record in a County Court, and, it may be presumed, in Chancery, occurred recently at Farnham. It was for paint knocked off a door by a boy flinging stones. The judge said to the boy, "Have you got twopence ?" " Yes, Sir." "Then pay it into court." Twopence was handed up, and the plaintiff who sought to re- cover the twopence had to pay the costs — 12s. A little difference between the sum gained and the expenses in getting it, which might serve for the moral of law proceedings in general. AUSTRIAN ETIQUETTE.— Those very stiff-necked swells, the Austrian nobility, have recently re- ceived a heavy rap upon their noble knuckles from no less a personage than the Emperor Francis Joseph. At one of the court balls, a young officer of artillery, of plebeian birth, asked a lady of high rank to dance with him. All the lady's blue blood flushed into her face , as she refused with marked disdain. Poor young officer ! For a moment he must have felt every inch a democrat— the con- tempt of a woman is hard to bear. The Emperor; who had seen the insult offered to his guest and his uniform, came up and said, "Captain, my mother wishes to dance with you !" and a minute after the gunner was clasping the hand, and perhaps the waist of her Imperial Highness the Archduchess Fredericka Sofia Dorothea Wilhelmina, mother of his Imperial Majesty Francis Joseph, Emporer of Austria.---- Illustrated Times. A Ludicrous blunder appears in a Ripon paper, caused by a line which properly belonged to a meeting report having been accidentally placed between two announcements of births. The record read as follows:— "On the 3rd instant, at Ellington, the wife of Mr. Terry, schoolmaster, of a son. He spoke indistinctly, but was understood to say that on the 5th instant, at Bond-gate, the wife of Mr Joseph Lonsdale, tailor, of a daughter." A STRONG MAN.--The last lift by Dr Winship ???????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????weight of seventeen men of ordinary size. The strongest European we ever heard of or saw was one Becka, a porter, of May- ence, who would get under a cask weighing 17 cwt., and lift it up with his back. The Journal de Toulouse says :--" A fire, at- tended by a singular accident and loss of life, happened a few days ago at Guiche (Basses-Pyre- nees). A girl living as server with a grocer named Duguet, in entering a bed-room, accident- ally set fire to the window curtains. She imme- diately raised an alarm, and commenced tearing down the burning material, which she throw out of the window. The grocer on hearing the cries of 'fire' rolled into the street a barrel of gunpow- der weighing about 501b., which he had in the shop. At that moment a piece of the burning curtain fell on the barrel, some of the staves of which were damaged, and the powder exploded, blowing down the house, in the ruins of which five persons were buried. The wife of the grocer received such injuries that she died shortly after; the man himself had to undergo the amputation of one of his legs, while the servant and two lodgers were seriously hurt." A remarkable case of suspended animation is said to have occurred the other day at Berlin. A young lady, the wife of a respectable tradesman of the name of Plett, had been lying for three days in her coffin, when, arising from the dead, she stole softly into an adjoining room in which her husband was sitting with his children. On each the horror of the moment seems to have had the same effect. While the husband started back, doubting the evidence of his senses, the wife fell to the ground with a shriek, which, fearful as it was, dispelled his worst apprehensions, convincing him it was no apparition he had to deal with. It is said the lady is doing well. Taxation in New York For 1863.— For State purposes, 2,540,557 dollars 15 cents; for country purposes, 2,746,456 dollars 29 cents ; for " city purposes, 6,037,095 dollars 74 cents; for supply deficiencies; 530,100 dollars 23 cents. Total, 11,854,226 dollars 41 cents. A snug little pile— only about 12 dollars for each man, woman, and child in the city, or about 100 dollars for each voter. All this in addition to the income tax, stamp tax, licenses, &c.;, by the General Govern- ment, and the licenses, assessments, water tax, and other corresponding outgoings peculiar to the city. --Tribune. A MODEL HUSBAND.- At the Castlemaine police- court, Isaac Bridge was charged by his wife, Sarah, with shamefully abusing her, biting a portion of her nose off, and threatening her life. The poor woman's nose had evidently been seriously injured in the fray ; whether by teeth or not is doubtful. The defendant pleaded not guilty, and gave his wife a very bad character, stating that she had de- serted him, and stripped his house on more than one occasion, and that generally she was a great trouble to him. The wife stated that her husband's violence had so culminated that she was forced to leave him, and picked up such few bits as belonged to her, and went to a Mrs. Landress's to sleep previous to starting, when her husband followed, threatened her with a penknife, and bit her nose. The prisoner: "I never touched your nose, my dear.' The witness continued that he took her home, promising to get a doctor for her injured nose; but instead of that he threw her inside, stripped her, tied her by the legs to a bed-post, and threw a bucket-full of water over her ; she was afraid of her life from him. The Bench bound him over in one security of £25, and himself in a like amount, to keep the peace towards his wife for six months. The police gave the accused a very bad character for ill treatment to his wife for some months past. The bail offered being ob- jected to, the prisoner was locked up. -- M. A. Mail. A Valentine.— A middle-aged man, dressed like an engineer, entered the Southwark Police Court in a flurried manner, with a letter in his hand. On the top of the envelope the words "On her Majesty's service" were printed. He begged his Worship to assist him in the matter. Clerk: What is it you want?— Applicant: This letter came to my house, addressed to my son, and perceiving the words "On her Majesty's service" printed outside, I thought something was the matter; but when I opened it, this summons was enclosed in it, and I don't know what it means, or what it alludes to. --Clerk: Let me look at the summons— (laughing)— this is a rather curious summons. It is headed "Court of Hymen; to wit," and orders the person to whom it is addressed " to appear on February 14, at the Court of Hymen, to answer the charge of stealing the heart of Amelia Smart. Signed J. Lovewell. —Applicant: Yes. Sir. 'I have read it, and can't make out what it means. I don't know any such place as the Court of Hymen. (Laughter) I know this police court, therefore I thought it advisable to come here about it.— Clerk : Can't you see what it is. It is a valentine. I suppose it has been sent to your son by some young woman he knows.— Ap- plicant: It does not look like a valentine, and I think something ought to be done to stop their cir- culation, as they are liable to frighten some people. —Clerk : They must be very foolish people then. The very appearance of the paper shows what it is. I suppose your son is acquainted with the sender? —Applicant: Oh yes, I think she comes after him, but he is too young for anything of that sort, Can't I prosecute her for sending such a summons? Clerk: No. It is only a Valentine. You had better go home and take it in good part. Applicant then left the court very dissatisfied. TOOWOOMBA QUEENSLAND.— Printed And published by D. Hunt Proprietor, at the Office of the "Toowoomba Chronicle and Queensland Advertiser." James street, May 5, 1864. 