MR. SPURGEON AND THE EVAN GELICAL CLERGY. [From the Patriot.] The apologists for the Evangelical clergy have been reinforced by the Rev. Dr. Octavius Winslow, the well-known Baptist minister, of Bath, who ranges himself alongside the Hon. and Be?. Baptist Noel in rebuking Mr. Spur geon for his lack of charity. He preached a sermon the other Sunday from the word?— "Grace lie with all that lore our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity," which has been reported in one of the Bath papers. The following is the principal passage in it 9 " I will give place to no man living in my profound abhorrence of the doctrine of Baptismal regeneration. I believe it to be one of the most insidious, ensnaring, and fatal heresies which the genius of error ever invented. From the treacherous side of this plank, gory with the blood of souls, thousands have slidden into the dark abyss—substituting an outward visible rite for the internal work of the Holy Ghost in the spiritual regeneration of the soul. The Lord keep us from this fatal delusion, and give us all to experience that new birth without which we cannot enter heaven! But repugnance to this doctrine, and a solemn protest against its dissemi nation, does not necessarily involve a violation of Christian charity, an impeachment of the piety, integrity, (and honesty of any order of Christian men, or the excommunication of any one branch of the Christian Church. To de nounce the Evangelical clergy of the Church of England, because they do not preach the doc trine of Baptismal Regeneration; to stigmatise their conduct on this ground as ' equivocal and shuffling,' their course as 'inconsistent and dis honest,' as 'one of the gravest pieces of im morality perpetrated in England,' as ministers * whose friendship honest men neither ask nor accept,' is to come under the censure, in its greatest breadth, which our Divine Master once pronounced upon those who breathed a like spirit of condemnation. ' 'Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of.' I have no right to stand between God and a man's conscience. Who made me a judge of my brother P To his own Master he stands or falls. It 'were an im pertinence and a presumption in me to foist my interpretation of any article of faith subscribed to by a body of godly men, either upon their donseience or their ministry. It is enough for me that the Evangelical clergy of the Church of England ignore, as I ignore, the doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration, and preach, many of them, with Car more simplicity and power than I preach, the glorious Gospel of the blessed God. My firm conviction is, that not one of the 9,000 Evangelical clergy of this land M?Hy believe that the Church, of England teaches tint doctrine. He honestly believes the con trary! and so he subscribes and co he preaches. I have heard many of them assert that, had the decision in the Gorham case been adverse to their convictions of truth—in other words, had the Judicial Committee of tile Privy Council pro nounced that the doctrine of Baptismal Begene xation was the true teaching of the Church of "England—they would hare seceded from her ministry. I am bound, therefore, in the exercise of Christian charity, to believe that the Evan gelical clergy do not interpret the Articles as! teaching tills doctrine, and therefore cannot justly be denounced as ' swearing to one thing, and preaching another,' thus guilty, in its most appalling sense, of perjury and dishonesty. That there are many of the clergy who so interpret the Articles, and who bo preach them, I believe. Bat my business is not with them. It is with those who do not so interpret and who do not so preach them." Dear Dr. Winslow, in his zeal for his Evan gelical friends, has immensely damaged their case; at least, he rests their defence on the very opposite ground to that which their own advo cates occupy. The Christian Obterver under takes to show that all the Protestant Churches hold the doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration, and seta up a scheme of hypothetical regenera tion, dependent on the faith and prayers of the sponsors and clergymen who join in the prayera of the Baptismal Service. Other of their cham pions whom Mr. Spurgeon'a eennoju has brought into the field have undertaken to show f that there is a sense in which the Evangelical j clergy may blamelessly and consistently hold j this dogma. The Rev. Charles Wills, in his i attack on Mr. Spurgeon—impertinent in its style, and doubly impertinent as coming from a man who has just seceded from the Evangelical Dissenters—affirms that the numberof clergy who do not believe in Baptismal Regeneration is now very small, and is continually diminishing. Dr. Winslow had better make further enquiry, and if he should find, as he certainly will, that he is quite mistaken in supposing that " the Evangelical clergy ignore as be ignores the doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration," and that " not one of the 9,000 Evangelical clergy really believes that the Church of England teaches that doctrine," he will of course feel it his duty to denounce them as teachers "of one of the most insidious, ensaring, and fatal heresies ever invented," and for ever renounce the task of de fending them from Mr. Spurgeon or whoever eke may attack them on the score of inconsis tency. When men of note amongst the Baptist ministry had taken upon themselves publicly to express their dissent from Mr. Spurgeon's po?i tion, it was only proper that those of his brethren who thought that he had done truth a service should also publicly declare themselves, and it was no matter of surprise that the fiev. William Landels, of Regent's Park Chapel, announced his intention of preaching upon the subject last Sunday morning. The chapel was crowded to excess, and we suppose there are no two Epis copal churches in the metropolis which habitually contain congregations anything lite so large as those constantly attending the Ministry of Mr. Spurgeon and Mr. Landels. The text chosen by Mr. Landels was Mark xvi. 16: "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved." He began his sermon thus:— " I have announced my intention of delivering a discourse this morning on the subject of Bap tismal Regeneration, and therein reviewing the recent controversy between Mr. Spurgeon and certain clergymen of the Church of England. Those of you who hear me regularly are aware that I am not in the habit of introducing contro ; verted questions into my pulpit ministrations, nor even of giving prominence to those points of minor importance in which we differ from other Christians; and it may not be out of place that I should give some reasons for thus deviating from my usual course. My great reason is that, owing to the interest excited, the present is a favourable opportunity for calling the attention of those who may hear me to what I believe to be the teaching of Scripture on the subject of baptism, and thereby disseminating that portion of Scripture truth which, though it be not of first importance, is nevertheless intimately con nected not only with the Church of Christ, but with the fundamental doctrines of the GospeL A second and subordinate reason is, that be lieving Mr. Spurgeon to have rendered valuable services to the cause of Christ by the sermon which has occasioned this controversy, I think he deserves the sympathy and support of those who agree with him, under the persecution to which he is now exposed. . . Let me remark that the question is not whether Mr. Spurgeon has been so guarded in bis language as he might and should have been. Ido not, for my part, profess to endorse every word lie has uttered. He ia accustomed to speak out plainly and strongly what he believes. And it may be that in this case he has spoken a little too strongly and uncharitably of men whom we highly es teem. This is to be regretted; but it is a very minor fault in a sermon of such sterling excel lence, and does not affect the ground which he takes in his sermon as to the propriety of clergy men using the language of the Prayer-book and applying it to baptism as administered in the ten thousand churches of the laud. He may have spoken harshly and uncharitably, and yet it may be true nevertheless that they are highly reprehensible in speaking as the Prayer-book requires them to speak of the baptized millions of our country. Making all necessary abatement from the undue strength of his language, in so far as it questions individual sincerity, it seems to me that his representation is sadly true. And I regret deeply ttiat one whose praise is in all the churches, should have neutralized its force by what I most deem the uncalled-for publica tion of a letter remonstrating with Mr. Spur geon on his want of charity. I should not have expected that where a brother had spoken out so faithfully, Mr. Noel would have used his in fluence to shield the clergymen of the Establish ment (as their exultant reference to his letter ahow? he has done) from the force of his re marks, especially when his own statements as to the insincerity which the use of the Prayer-book tends to foster, go far to justify all that Mr. Spurgeon has said. I wish devoutly that he had thrown his great weight into the opposite scale by remonstrating with those who use, on the most solemn occasions, words whose most obvious meaning differs from their convictions, rather than with one who, at the expense of much obloquy and persecution, has dared to say what he firmly believes. " Again, the question is not, whether Evan gelical clergymen are good men? We admit the goodness, the eminent godliness of many whom we know. If Mr. Spurgeon means to deny this —which Ido not think he does —I for one must differ from him. Sut it does not fol low that because men are good, all that they do is right. Evil systems generally depend on the countenance of some good men for support. If only the bad patronized them, they could not exist. And the tiling most to be deplored in relation to this baptismal question is, that so many good men are found supporting an evil system, and using language which to the com mon understanding does not harmonize with their belief. We dare not question their good ness, but, believing them to be good, we cannot understand how, while they denounce the doc trine of Baptismal Regeneration, they can with a good conscience g>ve God thanks for having regenerated every baptized child. To us it appears very much like a good man lying unto God. " Once more, the question is not, are there no faults among Dissenters P We frankly confess that there are many. But we venture to suggest to our friends who remind us of them, as if by censuring us they justified themselves, that there is a great -difference between faults which are the result of the defectiveness of human nature, and faults which an ecclesiastical system origi nates and conserves. Our services are faulty, because our characters are so. But the consti tution of our churches is such that there is no fault which may not be remedied—which will not be remedied as we ourselves advance to a higher state of spirituality; whereas the consti tution of the Established Church is such that the evils of which we complain cannot be remedied except by the consent and as the deed of the State. There may be, as we are told, sameness in our prayers; but that is solely owing to the men who pray. Were they different the prayers might be distinguished both by variety and fervor; whereas in the Establish ment the sameness of their prayers is prescribed for them by law. They cannot pray otherwise than they do until Parliament shall so ordain. In a word, we have retained our Christian liberty, so that nothing hinders our churches being improved so soon as by our advancing character and intelligence we become capable of improving them, whereas the Church of England, by her union with the State, deprives her of the liberty of accommodating her services to her spiritual wants. We have no master but Christ, and may do in the Church whatever Christ requires. The Church of England ia under thraldom to an earthly power, and must do or leave undone, as that earthly power commands —whether Christ requires it or not." Mr. Landels then proceeds to discuss two questions: First, "Do the Scriptures teach that men are regenerated by or in baptism?" which he, of course, answers in the negative, and— Secondly," How far the language of the Prayer book is consistent with their belief; or, in other words, whether or not the Prayer-book teaches the doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration ?" Having quoted and commented on various pas sages in the Catechism and Prayer-book, Mr. Landels says:— " Can any doubt, after this, that the Church teaches its children to believe that they are re generated—made the subjects of a spiritual and saving change—in baptism Plf it does not, we should like to know how it could —how the framers of its formularies could have used words better fitted for that purpose. All the special pleading and religious interpretations of which men are capable, will never make them take any other meaning. As Mr. Spurgeon says, 'No process, short of violent wresting from their plain rappjiiiifr can make them say anything else.* ? Can any one who candidly considers these • quotations from the Prayer-book wonder at our I perplexity, when we find evangelical clergymen, ] who do not believe in baptismal regeneration, i declaring their unfeigned assent and consent to such language, and regularly using it, moreover, on the most solemn occasions, even giving thanks to the Almighty for having done what, ac cording to their own belief, He has not done? Is it a wonder that with all our charity we can find no explanation of their procedure consistent with high-minded integrity and with unflinching fidelity to the claims of Christ ? We do not say there is no explanation, but we confess our inability to find one. We do not condemn, but they must excuse us if we say that toe cannot understand them. Would they not deem us un charitable, we should like to ask—and we hope they will so far forgive us as to pardon the question—' Brethren, do ye so cordially approve of the language of the prayer-book that ye would use it if you were free? Were ye ministers of a free church—a church which recog nises no authority but that of Christ—or did the church of which ye are ministers leave you free to use the baptismal service or not, does it bo accord with your views of Christian truth that ye would use it from choice? Do ye not wound your conscience a little, in order, I do not say that you may be ministers of a church whose worldly emolu ments are so large, and which presents so many splendid prizes—but of a church whose prestige adds to your influence and opportunities of use fulness —forgetting that ye ought not to do evil that good may come ? Alas! we have a partial answer to these questions in the demand raised by some of your members for a revision of the Prayer-book—that very Prayer-book for which, in your controversies with us, ye are so ready to contend. There may be another explanation, but the only one which occurs to us is die fact that ye are not free. Ye receive the State pay, and ye must pray and profess to believe as the State prescribes. Ye have aold your Christian freedom tor your ecclesiastical emoluments, and are in bondage, not only to your own people, but to all classes in the State—even to the dis senters whom ye patronise or despise. As tax payers and voters, we are—we blush to say it— your masters, among others. Through our representatives we have our share in determining what Articles ye shall believe, and what prayers ye shall use. Nor can. we relieve your consciences until your various taskmasters shall be sufficiently agreed to make the alterations for which some of you pray. Yet blame us not for your bondage. There is a way to freedom of which ye may avail yourselves now. Some of our number have tried and have found it, though rough, bo bracing and healthful, that they cordially commend it to you. Would to God that you would avail your selves of it. Cease from your unholy alliance with an earthly power. Cease from calling any man master in matters in which ye should recog nize no master but Christ. Let not a regard for emoluments, or prestige, or influence, or use fulness, or anything else, rob you of tile liberty which belongs to the meanest .servant of Chri?t. We love and esteem you now for your work's sake, while we lament your thraldom. Then, we shall bless you for the testimony ye have borne to the supremacy of conscience; and rejoice in your courage for having dared to claim for yourselves the freedom wherewith Christ makes His people free." Three Church papers, the Clerical Journal, the English Churchman, and the Church News, have declared that Mr. Spurgeou is justified in the language he uses to the Evangelical clergy. 