I O&e; &ß&ncfi; Jtflonrtng ferait*. ! TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1864. The decided intervention of the friendly Maories in favour of the British authority in New Zealand is a very important phase of the war. The loss inflicted upon the natives who were descending upon a British settlement is a proof of the great danger to which the colony was exposed in the possible union of the tribes. Had any great misfortune befallen our troops, and success appeared to incline towards the rebel cause, we fear our allies would have ranged with our enemies. The natives could not be expected to stand by a flag which did not assure the colonial safety. We believe that the insurrection would never have assumed its present proportions had those who possessed access to the native mind, repre- sented properly the consequences of rebellion, and if a bolder front had been assumed ia the first instance by the local Government itself. If we take the last four years and examine the moral «fleet of the various steps pursued, we shall see that a savage mind could come to no conclusion but that the colonists were as much divided as ever were the natives, and that the Crown would never put forth any decided measures to exact allegiance or compel them to submit to British law. Notwithstanding the sad disasters connected with the capture of the Gate pa, the resolute proceedings of the Commander-in Chief have removed the only great obstacle to native assistance where there is no strong in- clination to the ineurrectton. The friendly Maories see they will not be deserted by us, and they have a right to expect that their fidelity will meet with recognition and reward. Before the establishment of colonial Government the natives were divided not only into distinct but hostile tribes, and a war of extermination was often waged between them. A large portion of New Zealand was actually depopulated, and a miserable remnant found shelter on an island. The great Waikato tribe were the conquerors. No bitterness of which civilised warfare is susceptible could compare with the hatred of tribes between whom there was blood. The feeling of ven- geance in the Maori heart was not merely a passion ; it was a principle. It was treasured through all vicissitudes as an hereditary and sacred trust. No time obliterated its memory. Nothing but blood satisfied its exactions. The Bight of a member of the alien tribe kin- dled the feeling into unquenchable force. Its power long heretofore may be inferred from a recent incident, when a prisoner captured by one of the friendly natives was shot by a woman who snatched a loaded gun for this purpose, and so took vengeance for the slain. We need not feel any astonishment at such resentments. They are the basis of many a Highland story of our own. The great novelist, Sir Walter Scott, found in the passions kindled by these tribal feud» the framework of several thrilling romances. In another and milder form our great Shakspeee points to similar hatreds as com- patible with the highest forms of medioeval civilization. If we go further into remote antiquity, the very nation which has been the intellectual mistress of the world, taught in her noblest poem this absorbing passion : bo Homek sung of the funeral pile of Patbooltjs, and the vengeance of Açbimeb. " Then last of all, and horrible to tell, Sad sacrifice ! twelve Trojan captives fell. On these the rugo of fire victorious preys, Involves «na joma them in one common blaz». Smcar'd with the bloody rites ha stands on high And call-« the spirit with a dreadful cry : AU hail, Putroclus ! Let thy vengeful ghost, Hear and exult, on Pluto's dreary coast. Behold, Achilles' promise fully paid, Twtlvo Tiojan heroes offer'd to thy shade ; But henvitr fates.on Hector's coree attend Saved from the ilimes for hungry dogs to rend. Could we expect much better from the New Zealander ? The lessons of Christianity incul- cated upon the Maori mind have not in fifty years effaced the sentiments of ages, and which a thousand were not .sufficient to abolish in Britain. The ancient feuds were renounced, but they were not forgotten. The Maori war- rior still related to his sons how his ances- tors slew or were slain. The novelty of Church organisation diverted, but did not destroy this tribal animosity. The collisions | which have recently taken place show how deep the hereditary resentment, and the new effusion of blood will create in the native mind a new motive for vengeance. Thus, the surest means have been taken by themselves, to attach the friendl) natives to the British authority, since their safety norn the vengeance of their country- men depends upon their constancy and courage. No one, indeed, can look at their mutual destruc- tion without deeply regretting both its cause and its consequences. It was the earnest effort of the British Government to adopt a policy in dealing t\iih the Maori the very reverse of " divide and conquer." The missionary institutions, whatever théologie ii conflicts might arise among them, were all, doubt- less, the advocates of peace. We are not sure, indeed, that sectarian differences, propagated by narrow-minded and violent men among these natives, so recently cannibals, have been with- out their effect. Generally, however, we may fairly assume that the teachers of Christianity discouraged violence and inculcated peace. The present state of the war will not permit us to dispense with allies who have shown themselves to be both courageous and faithful. Doubtless, they will assume a much greater share of the merit than their due ; but this is of little importance provided they are truly attached to the British flag, and, while fighting for the authority of the Crown, themselves sub- mit te the laws. Every account brings to light the preparation the Maories had made for a long conflict, and the superior arms which they have been able to acquire. There must have been considerable tieachery among the European population. The time will doubtless come when these despicable criminals will be dragged to justice. Taeir guilt is not so great in opposing the British Government and a colony of their own race as in luiing by thtir help to what they must know will be to the natives certain destruction. In reference to the number of the natives no two accounts seem to agree. A committee of inquiry before the House of Lords, twenty years ago, obtained evidence which showed how little reliance can be placed on opinion. These witnesses said that there were five natives to three square miles-"a million"-" five hun- dred thousand "-" a hundred and fifty thou- sand"-"a hundred and thirty thousand"-"a hundred and six thousand"-perhaps then' not far from the truth. A great decline in numbers is alleged to have taken place since that time. The natives by all their customs and acquired vices took effectual means to diminish their numbers. They had cannibalism, infanticide, plurality of wives, slavery, and war with little intermission, besides illicit relations with foreigners-all pre l venting the multiplication and preservation of children. There is too much reason to fear that cnilisation, with its exactions and indulgences, has more than accelerated the previous pace of the Maories towards extinction. Although it is clear that as a race they would have perished by their own hands had no British colony visited their shores, we fear that the most benevolent i and Christian intentions will not save them from dwindling away. Tue reclamation of the land at the head of Darling Harbour formed the subject of a pre- liminary inquiry during the past session of Parliament. There were only two witnesses examined, the City Engineer and the Engineer for Harbours, i he object of summoning them was not so much to get from them a final opinion as to direct their attention to the sub- ject, and get them each to prepare during the, session a scheme to lay before a subsequent committee. "Which of these two professional gentlemen is to have the honour of immortalis- ing himself by carrying out this great civic improvement will depend upon whether the Central Government undertakes the work, or whether it is handed over to the Cor- poration. In the former case the Government Engineer would design and superintend every- thing ; in the latter case 'the City Engineer would have his own way, subject only to a veto on the part of the Engineer for Harbours, with respect to any thing that might affect the harbour. It would be in accordance with municipal ideas to hand the matter over to the city, provided that the scheme they adopted were one that commanded approval. Meanwhile, without waiting for any further reports from committees, the sum of ten thou- sand pounds was placed on the Estimates, and voted for the work. This is enough to make a beginning, though quite insufficient to complete any effective scheme. The Corporation has applied to have control of the expenditure, but has not received a definite reply. But it will be folly to begin to spend at all until a com- plete plan is designed. Patchwork engineering plans which are invented as they go along are always very costly and unsatisfactory. The harbour which once had deep water where now cattle graze has silted up very rapidly from the washings of the streets and sewers. The first question that arises is whether the harbour should be restored to its original condition, or whether the shallows should be recovered. The first plan is con- demned as too expensive, as the amount of dredging would be enormous. The second plan is preferable as cheaper, besides adding greatly to the convenience of access to the city from the Pyrmont side. We have no lack of water frontage, Nature having been super- abundantly bountiful in that respect, and it is no great loss, therefore, to part with some that originally existed. Reclamation being resolved on, the question arises as to how much land is to be reclaimed, and what is to be done with it. Mr. Bell is in favour of Belling the land in building allot- ments, and there can be little doubt but what it would fetch a price that would quite pay, and more than pay, the cost of reclamation. The Corporation- might make something out of the bargain that would help to diminish their debt and set their finances right. And there would be no objection to this convenient arrangement, were . it not for one sanitary con deration. Mr. Mobiabtt states that the re- covered flat would be & very unhealthy site for residences-" a nursery for typhoid and other epidemic diseases." He recommends that it be planted with trees aad kept as a recreation ground. Mr. Ball does think the site would bo suitable for houses, and prefers to have recreation grounds on high and dry situations. On this point medical testimony would be more to the purpose than the opinions of engineers ; but we are inclined to think Mr. MoitrAKir's opinion is the more correct. Several years ago, Dr. Bland wrote on interesting little pamphlet, in which he urged as a great improvement to Sydney the embank- ment of the heads of all the inlets both to the cast and the webt of the city, but we imagine i that neither he nor any other medical man would wish to see the recovered flats closely populated by the poorer classes, and it is sure to be that class that will congregate on the inferior sites. Ihe ítaiistics of town mortality aro all un- favourable to low flat sites, near the water's edge. High dry situations that are natu lully well drained, are clearly indicated as preferable. It is more important to sleep in a healthy atmosphere, than even to woik m one during the day, and the night exhalations from flat waterside localities are not of the most favourable character. We have cr.e sample in the Woolloomooloo flat, the rtpulatkm of which is too familiar to need comment. It is not desirable to multiply duplicates of Woolloomooloo flat. At the same time, if the land is not to be sold, where is the money to come from to pay for the improve- ment ? The vote which has been agreed to is foi a loan, and the money is to be borrowed on tbc assumption that the work will prove repro- duciré. But the money consideration must not be held paramount. Mr. Bell has two plans, ene for reclaiming as far as Liverpool-street, and the other for re- claiming as far as Bathurst-street. Mr. Lucas, the Cnairman of the Committee, suggested a continuation of Bathurst-street, with a bridge leading to a dock so as to preserve the water fiontagts for the properties between the two streets. Ihis would be the more complete, though the more expensive plan. But if the reclamation were extended as far as Liverpool street in the first instance, the extension of Bathuist street and the enclosure of the dock might be added subsequently, as funds weie a\ailable. Both the engineers, however, seem to prefer a st rai-circular wharf at the head of the harbour, as giticg a be-tter sweep to the tide and facilitat- ing the scour. Mr. Moeiaiity laments the pri- vate jetties on the east tide of the harbour, w hich prevent the erection of a uniform sea-wall, as they interfere with the free flow of the water. The objection to them is probably sound enough in an engineering point of view, but waterside properties would have far less value if jetties weie not allowed, as they give far more accom- modation for shipping than a mere quay does. Mr. Lucas proposes a level street round the' water's edge from the head of the harbour to Miller's Point, on which a tramroad in continu- ation of the railroad might be kid. Such a street would, no doubt, be a great convenience to traffic, but the private waterside rights seem to make it impracticable. Mr. Moeiaiity objects to too much reclama- tion, as likely to diminish the flow of water int and out of the Heads. The bar shows a tendency to silt up, and needs a good scour to keep it down. But this objection might be met by narrowing the channel at the bar-a plan that has been often recommended in connection with the defence of the harbour. If the Sow and Pigs reef were made the basis of a break- water, and a channel left on each side of it, it would be comparatively easy to close and de-' fend these channels in case of an attack, while the narrowing of the waterway at these points would keep dewn the bar. OiiBBQUirs op the late Mit Noiith.-Thu remains of this n uch respected citizen were yesterday oonsigned to lb« grove, at Randwick cemetery. Tho lengthy funoral proocseion which moyed with tho hearse from Crown f ti cet comprised a detachment of the Water Police foroe, aid many distinguished members of the oomwunlty. Among ofbers there were the Hon, B. Deas Thornton, the Ii on. J. H. Plunkett, the Hon. B. Towns, Lieutenant Sadleir, Mr. W. Macleay, the Rev. Canon Allwood, tho I?i.V. 6. II. Moreton, Major Wingate, Captain Mann, Mr. Elyard, Captain Scott, Captain M'Lerie, and several t fiioers of the resident consular servios. The procession wes met at St. Jude's Church by Mr. 8. H. Pearce, J,P., one of the chuiohwatdens, and the body having bean oon veyed Into the sacred ediflce by offloers of the Water Police | force, the Rev. G. H. Moreton read tho psalms and lesson appointed in the Church of England Burial Service, xhe renainder of the impressive service, at the grave, wai con- ducted by the Rev. Canon Allwood. Mu. Dalgleish and tue Railway Department. After the incessant exertions that Mr. Dalgleish, M.L A,, baa been mailing to expose disorganisation Ia the Publia Woiks Department, and to bring soma of its offloials into discredit, it is right that the public should know that the hon. member has boen inoitlng a person employed lu that department to acts of insubordination. A lew du) s ago Mr. I Dalgleish waa at the railway station at Penrith, and, just as the train wau about to start for Sydney, ho took his place on the locomotive engine. The driver remonstrated with him, and at first refused te allow him to remain, referring him to a stringent rule of the Department, v;hlch prohibits 1 an} one excepting the driver or the fireman from riding on ihe engine without An order from the Cimtnif doner, the Engineer-in-chief, or the Looomotlvs Superintendent. Mr, Dalgleish, however, insisted upon 'ravelling by the engine, and having stated who he was. and promised that he would take all the responsibility for (he transgression of the rule, the di iver was apparently satisfied and allowed him to stay. Upsn the oircuaistance coming under Mr, Holroyd's notice ho expressed his stiang disapproval of the proceeding, and inflicted a flue of twenty shillings on the driver. It appears that Mr, D 'Igloiah had obtained from the department an order to visit tho engine chops, and to procuro from the men employed there whit tver information he desired, but that the privilege did not extend to travelling on the engine. We have not heard whether Mr. Dalgleish has indemnified the driver for the l.eculij-incurred at his instance; but wa havo heird that he «-as excessively ináigeant on learning that, although kt-owing under vvhose orders the man had aotad, the minis- ter for Works shoulá bave inflicted a fine upon him. lEciuiiE.-Lest night Dr. Hobbs delivered a lecture on the " Sons of Temperance," in the Mission Chapel, Stis=ex street. There was a numerous attendance of perdone, who listened with attention and interest to the looturor's discourse, FOUND DEAD.-The City Coroner held an inquest yes- terday, at the Terminus Hotel, Newtown, concerning the death of Thomas M'Mahon, the old man who was found lying dead near the Newtown Congregational church, on Sundey morning. Deceased was found lying on his back, having his arms folded over his chest, and the pinched ap- pearance of his face indicated that he had died some hours before from want and exposure. He had been a soldier, but for some years past had lived as a farm servant at Coggra, on the Rocky Point Road. He was a drunkard, and was seen wandering about the neighbourhood of Cook's River a few days before his death. The medloal evidence shewed that deceased had not died from violence, but exhaustion induced by illness and penury. The jury's verdict recorded that deceased was found lving dead. SUDDEN DEATH. -Yesterday, the City Coroner held an inquest at the Coachmakers' Arms, Goulburn-street, respecting the death of Thomas Barrett, who died suddenly at his abode in Goulburn-street, on Saturday evening. Deceased was a sober man, but for the last two years had been in indigent circumstances, and he partially depended on rations obtained from the Benevolent Asylum. He suffered from asthma and bronchitis, and had been ill for two years. On Saturday afternoon, he went home with his barrow, and seemed excited because he had not earned any money. He had scarcely gone into the house when he fell back, and instantly expired. Dr. Ren- wick deposed that death had, in his opinion, been occasioned by an apoplectic fit. Jury's verdict:- "Deceased, aged seventy-two years, died from a fit of apoplexy." The following was added:-" We beg to call the attention of the authorities to the disgraceful proceedings which occur in this part of the town on Sundays, and every night, with a view to having them stopped." Accident.-On Sunday night, »saddler, named John Charles M'Cltuky, fell from the area In front of Belgrave terrace, into the quarry, In Bourke-street, Woolloomooloo. A large quantity of rubbish has been deposited at the plat» where the unfortunate mu fell, bat «01 the side of the quarry it so steep as to be almost perpendicular. He was lound in a state of insensibility by the police. Blood was flowing profusely from a wound In his head, and fatal con- séquences would, probably, have followed but for the timely assistant)« of the constables who removed Um to hit resi- dence, In Geulburn-street, where M'Cltuky reavivad, tnedioal aid, Thb Queensland Ohioket MA?oa.-F/0¡a a Dr|B.7 telegram, received in (own last night, we learn tí.«* Criokot Matob, has beon won by Mr. Joh;? Clark In! Bllzaboth-street. He tc:rod forty-two and Ms nlCV stated to have boen splendid. ' M " pU* '« EoiciDB.-The death of Froderlok W. Josnon mu ocour.ed from strangulation on Saturday eves ñA'S the subjeot of a coronera Inquest, held at thei Qlobe'lÄ Castlcrcngh-B root, yesterday. The evidence Sffi droeased had lately como from Melbourne, and ?SmttnT' at a boardIng.hon«e in Castlere^gh-street. hJI.A"va a digger in New Zealand, and he purpos a KoInV^V? land. Since Monday last it wMPi,o8oen ,fä ¿^ft dupondiDg slate of mind, but the witnesses. whS0,* Ita. «mo house with the deceased, did «t^JMí cation of icsanlly. On Saturday night ho wa« ¿IM? î41' but as bo did not answer the summons,»'¿ZfJS '"' .Mt to call, him again. She found him hSuA?,? top of au ¡ron bcdBtoad In his room, beinc susnfnSSflh' Californian sash which waa tied round his neckPnrwy.» jopp immediately attended and out the unhaoDv m.« J,0"* but life was extinct Dr. Westropp deposed thafñ»^*? who had «.Oared from a loathsome dlS, had Ö pati.nt. The knowledge of his excels made Ms? "* trernely wretched, and he was fearful lest his ra Si«." who are Quakers and live lu Victoria, should beoDm«.. ' of bis condition and disc« n him. He soemod rSS melancholy. WltneeB noticed a wllänoss about his IT. ÎÏÎ there was a certain amount of congestión. Deoâsid '..h that be h.d been afflioted with rheumatlim wÄ , Í Now Zealand diggings. Witness feared ThÄ JS would dohimiolf orothera serious harm, and hu InÄi to have had hi« placed in tartan Creek luaaHo Ä 1 he police found a bag of money in dooaas.d'î Îiï amounting to £38 17«. Verdict-D^oa ^"¿1 tffi?' flvo ycais, committed suicido by hanglne hlm.Mif "li?I labouring 'under a fH of temporary Insanity. f ffWlrt Dea-i ii in the iNriiiMAHY.-An old man narwa John Cob) died in the lntlrrnary on Saturday night, from injuries he suffeicd on tho 7th of May. Ho was wa orar by h catt tin tho Point Piper Road, when his thigh wi« broken. An inquest Is to be held to-day. Mr. DELPRADO'S BENEFIT. - The pformances at the Prince of Wales Theatre this evening are for the benefit of Mr. Delprado, tho principal usher of the dress circle. The position is one which though not so prominent as that of a dramatic artist, nevertheless requires that the person filling it should comprehend his duties - often very arduous and vexatious. In securing the comfort of the hatitues of the dress circle, Mr. Delprado has been generally successful, - and his civility is no less apparent that his attention. The pieces selected for the occasion are the interesting comedy of "Thee Cavalier," and the drama "Fraud and its Victims." Ruiiton's National Cinovs.-Burton's celebrate] tioupo «if equestrians, acrobats, and gymnasia, per/orinal hist tight at the Notional Circus, In Pitt- strcst. Tin circus was densely crowded in oycry part. Tho audlsooi vir-wed with wonder Bud delight tbo extraordinary sgilltr and graceful evolutions of the horsemen, as well as theolerer contortions ol the acrobat«. The numerous stud of beiq. tiful horees and ponies teemed to be much admired forthoir docility and oleo for the remarkable feats which they hats been trained to perform. The drollery and wittiuisms of lbs clowns provoked tbo utmost merriment, and considerable auiutement was afforded, particularly tu the juveniles, bt tno freaks and arnica of a monkey mountodoa the bick of a well trained dog. One of the most clever and grawin! performonoes Is that of a youthful aorobat, who balanoei bimeolf on decanters and chairs with extraordinary eats. On the conclusion of the entertainment, Mr, Barton thatikid the audience for their attendance, and auuouBOäd tent, in addition to the evening performances, the tronos will appear od Satuday afternoon next. The genera! arrangements for the accommodation of the audience ara under the management of Mr. William Dind, whose loaj connection with theatricals In this olty as a lessee ii s guarantee that tho comfort and convenience of the patrom of thejeircus will not be disregarded. The New Zealand Gold Fields -Our Auokiaal corrttpondent, writing under data 21st May, says:-Tis now Marlborough gold-fislds are drawing a few psopli away from this place, but not many. The Qivemmsat hate approved of two parties starting from Coromandello exploie the Thames Valley for an alluvial digging bílievíj bv every one to be discoverable there. If the natives an but peaceable, as tbey profesB to be, no doubt wa shall im hear of ermo ree ulta. The nitives having been in rebslilon will reeder all difficulty slight comparatively, if onoegoli ii found- the land question being settled there. The Bushrangers.- Saturday's Bathurst Times says -A gentleman called at our office yesterday morning and informed us that he was at Bang Bang on Friday last and stayed for awhile at the Korowatha Inn, the scene of the late encounter between the police and the bushrangers, The innkeeper, Mr. Lydiard, informed him that on the pre vious day the bushrangers, Ben Hall and two others, paid him another visit and demanded dinner for themselves and provender for their horses, with which he supplied them, there being no one but himself and wife on the premises. They stayed upwards of an hour and a-half, but did not offer any violence, or take any money. Gilbert was not one of the party,- the fellow who has been mistaken for him, and who is now in company with Hall, is said to be a youngster called Ryan, who is "wanted" by the police for horse-stealing in the Burrowa district. The bushrangers appear to have made themselves quite at home, and Ben Hall, who expressed some doubts as to the correctness of the newspaper reports, with regard to the distance the police and his party were from one another at the time they ex- changed shots (stated to be eighty yards), measured the ground, and declared it to be only fifty, and then remarked, with the air of a connoisseur, in allusion to his hat being knocked off by a bullet, that "it was not so bad." The robbers shortly after left, taking the direction of Lambing Flat. The Weather and tub Floods at Sinolbiox The remaikabl) fine weather wo lately enjoyed was bretts up on Thursday, when, after a very gloomy forenoon, II beean to rain about four o'clock, and continued to pott donn at a very steadv pace all that night and the foliomij day. Une rain was accompanied by gusts of wind, ¿ hurticano passed over the town about midnight on Thun- da) , makhog strange eounds as it whirled along atnHil boutes, fenoes, and trees. Wo have not heard of air damage done by it. Tho river bogan to rise at an early hour yesterday, and at noon had reached a height of atoi¡ ten feet, which it gradually increasdd upon during the di;. At ten o'dock last night it stood about twenty feet abm the ordinary level. At that time the raia seemed lebt checked by a high wind. During the rapid rise of tit water we fear that Mr. Haigh's plank bridge has bits bwept away, partially or wholly. The proprietor bad not had time to secure the planks and othor materials by ring bolín and ropes, according to his original intention, Wbss the river began to rise, another parly were placing a some! wooden blidge across the stream, near (he samo place, bil they foresaw the danger in time to move their planki - Singleton Times of Saturday (shocking Death.-A little girl, named faillis Looj, was horned to death at Wombo, en Tuesday last. Is sir evidence bafore tho oorener, the girl's mother etifed that about nine o'olook in the morning she went to the crail) get some water, leaving the deceased and three yomgir children in the hut; whin she returned to the hut tal opened tho door boo saw tho deoeassd standing on the floor with all her clothes burnt off, and in a blaze at her fiel; the was very much burnt all over the body, with ina st- eep lion of the head and a put of the back; a younger child, about fire years old, said the deoea«ed had bsen bill- ing ber frock to the fire and it oiught. Medical assist»» was obtained, tut the poor eulTeror died at an early hw next morning.-Singleton Times Munitions op War rou New Zealand.-The brig Lady Denison haB been taken up at Hobart Town, far ths conveyance of ammunition to Auckland, and was lo le«! Hobart Town on the 6'h or 7th instant, The Dart, al» fiotn that port, arrived yesterday, and brings for tat Government, 323 boxes shot and ehell, eight casks and cut case artillery stores, 800 Ioosb shells, and five bales loo« cartridges -Daily Southern Cms, May 20. The Beteeat and Subsequent Movemests or the Maomes aiteu quitting the Gate Pa.-Tas Mi Southern Cross, of 21st Instant, says : -We hare reosM private information regarding the movemenU of tha n«U«i who evaouated the Gate pa, and the whereabouts of Wtlllim Thompson, and others of his supporters. It appear« 1M> tho robéis, on evaouating the pa, mado their way ia s oin' Bidoiable body across the wooded range to the Thaaeiau trict, one day's journey off. About two hundred nun Qiae thiir appearance at Buakouhou, on the Taimw, .»« which they have Bince then remained. They com«T "J wen of diffeient trlbeB, bat amongst them were 8eTeT,0' the Thames natives who had been present at the fljut« Their object, In first appearing there, mt » recruit fur the King's servloo. They as- cribed the fight at Tawanga with .«. minuteness, and said that they were completely bMiffl until the soldiers surprised them by running amy, «« that they then took fre These rebels estimate the loss on our sida at 1800 o«n, most of whom, they say, were killed by each othsr. 1MJ attribute the retreat of the soldiers and sailors to cae cm . -drunkennesr. They say the attaoking party were» drunk. Of course this wau not the case, oat the reran m been to renew their confidence in their final sucoeM. 1» recruiting waa opposed by the Ngaliruanuta IWngonui spot, who were likewise agalnBt the rebels remaiamg tam» but as many of the rebels > belonged to that 1«W and as their sympathies were with them, '"J have since remained unmolested. 1'hey aro 1««" about thirty miles np» the Thames to*J" mouth. Tha wounded were taken across to »««"r; where William Thompson was living, with the people»«' remained with him. A report having spread »»fWi: rebelB that the troops were to move npoa rerUi »J took the alarm, and Thompson and the greater pirtloatt the people removed to Patatero, ia the woods! r»!8!1" tween Tauranga and the Matamata plains. Thither I» wounded have been taken *, and all the provision« thef »j at Matamata have likewise been owned there. A«««. part* of rebels, underoue of their aroh-agltatora Dick, I»« betaken themselves from Matamata io the Mianga«« ridge, between the Waikato and Matamata. Tuny «» «' ported to be greatly afraid of soldiers. Oar informal w» tells us that they are running short of previsions. Estjtb of the late Mr. 0, N. Hant, iamtaon-street.-W.S requested by Messrs. Bradley and Newton to nlnctip»« attention to their important sale of flrst- cla«« f«altare. "¡"S of drawing room suites in variety, dining room furmtart, w"» robes, bookcases, chMta or drawer«, and every dsJMIPT*"' honiehold furniture. For particulars see eatalogne«.-W'. MEB8ES.L; E. Threlkeld and Co. will hold a very fxW»T and important sale at their rooms, l63, George-street, «"«,"'', 11: comprising flour, oase brandy, theesrgo of laraprojac!'* Colonist, from Batevia, Mauritltu sogar, general gtoMrttfc« men's stores, corks, Cheeseham's caniles, Elem« ratsöis, un Ast. 