Prove workers to successful end, llelped half the world to salmon. SUCH IS LIFE. A NOVEL OF EVEnr DAY. Bl' A REFORMED SEN'S ATIONIST. Tiie honeymoon was over, and the lion- Chirk Gobowen and his beautiful bride, nee Caroline De Oorwen, lounged languidly over diuner at the Vulture Hotel, Cwminypyllmynech. It commands a view of the lovely lakes of Lampeter, Bala, and Ellesmere, and with the triple peak of Snowdon in the back ground, and the fierce ruggedness of Mold below, the scene is unequalled save in the Worth American Pampas. But the young couple heeded it not. " The worst dinner I ever ate," said Mr. Gobowen, discontentedly. " It is very bad," said Mrs. Gobowen ; " but I think the dinner on our wedding day was even more disagreeable." "Very good of you to say so, I'm sure," said her handsome husband, with an evil glance. " I say what I mean, Chirk," was the cold reply. " If that is thejease," said Mr. Gobowen, " It seems to uic that we've been and made a sort of—well a mistake, and the sooner we repair it the better." " I'm agreable," said the lion. Mrs. Gobowen, with a smile. " Blest if yon are," retorted her husband ; " but never inind that now. We'd better separate." " Separate, indeed," said Caroline. " That would be pleasant for me, wouldn't it! No, indeed, no half measures for me," s:ud the beautiful young wife, filling her glass with what is called claret at the Vulture, or at all events charged for as claret and the best " Well, what's your whole measure, then V' asked her husband, curiously. " Our marriage was a mistake. All runaway marriages are. I am heartily tired of you. I have heard all your stories, and all your travels, and—in short, you bore ine." I reciprocate the sentiment,"jsaid Mr. Gobowen. " I have heard all your songs, and yonr voice is not what I used to think it, and really your accounts of all the rubbishing novels you have ever read have their merit, but they are not particularly interesting. What's to be done ?" *" Let us destroy all evidence of onr marriage, and go back into society. I am supposed to have been on a visit to my aunt Lady Gumdragon. She will not dare to contradict me, as I know of several murders which she committed to get at the title, and also the secret of her enamel. You have been —what" .does. it matter where a man has been V t " "My uncle, the Secretary for the Buoys and Beacons, knows of our escapade," said . - Mr. Gobowen, ''because I borrowed a couple of hundreds from him at starting, but he won't tell because I am aware of some forgeries-he 'committed in order to become a Minister. So all is safe. Here's the marriage certificate. Tear it, and I'll look in Uiwlxhan) to see how you can get across • country to jour aunt's." ;" Are you a fool ?" said the lovely Caroline Gobowen. " I was, one day about a month back," said-Chirk. She was too proud to reply to the taunt, but proceeded. " Ip there not a copy of that certificate in the bboks.of the church at Eisteddfodd" ' " By Jove, yes. That's awkward." " Mot at all, if you have the ordinary courage «nd"energy of a man." •f " I believe I liave both." -" Then burn the church." .. The fire in her radiant eyes seemed to light up ^ kindred ray in his. He seized his hat, • box lof-scigar lights, gloves, nodded to her, and departed. Thirty-sis hours later, and the beautiful Jittleold church at Eisteddfod, built by Owen Glendower, and famous in the scene of the •marriage between Edward of Carnarvon aud Catherine Parr, was a mass of smouldering .embers. Mr. Gilbert Scott, the great ecclesiastical .-architect, would eat 110 lunch that day, hewas so shocked,end was scarcely comforted toy ''ieednne 'instructions to make another church exactly like the old one. done it," said the Hon. Mr. Gobowen,' as be re-entered the room at the Vulture,-andfound-bis wife, as we will still call her, smoothing -her lovely hair at the glass, Just having 1 taken off her bonnet. . ' " ¥es, f 'saw-the fire," she replied, coolly. ^ "You did!" - ifSP-Aye, it isn't my- nature to be idle. I went sSTteryou by the "next train, and ascertained • thatyou might have spared that lovely little ^fcl&reh.iWhich.I; wish I had sketched." ••"•OTiiatdo you mean?" " 33ie cler£yman of Eisteddfod, his name is J Ae Bev. MwgaiT-ap-JoneSj keeps tlie register .-%ooks in-Jus-own house." IIIC TSoboVren" launched a fearful observa- ^otrdiipctea against 4he - Welsh clergy genetf^SiW'teortMjangnagfi'is of ao use," said; fbottid have burned the rec- ~ ' ' - g^ftjItpouTse J-- would.jFI h ad Jraowa." • * repeated Calcine Gobouen, witli lt^iarp&tri.; "SfafpSere aud smoke your Jt is all JOB are £t for." -She put an her bonnet as carefully as if she j was going to meet some woman whom she hated, and was gone. A few days afterwards, the Bangor Banger contained the following paragraph :— "Otft- fair readers cannot be too cautious what servants they engage. The Rev. Morgan ap- Jones, the respected minister of Eisteddfod, recently engag<sd a nursery maid, who came to him with the highest" written charactcr. Yesterday she disappeared, and tbe whole of the registers of the church, from the year 1:107, disappeared also. Our one policeman, the intelligent and respected David Williams, savs he thinks it very odd, but declines, at present, to sav more. Should anything transpire, our readers shall hear of it nest month.' "Well?" said the Hon. Chirk Gobowen> on the third day after, as his wife came in> with a proud flushon her fair brow. " That is just the word," she said. " I bought some lead, wrapped tbe books in it, and dropped thein down the well at die bottom of the garden. It is said to be unfathomable." " Then the truth won't get to the bottom of the well, where she usually lies," said the Hon. Chirk. " Thank you. But it is now my turn to ask where are your wits. You forget about the witnesses to the wedding." " Bother, so I did," said Mrs. Gobowen- " Orson is endowed with reason. There were Mr. Jones, the clerk, the beadle, and the pewopener." " Lc. (liable u qmlre " said Chirk. She tapped her tiny foot impatiently, in thought. " I could hardly escape detection at tbe rectory," she said ; " but if you managed the parson, I would answer for the other three." "No, we'll divide equally, like man and wife," said Chirk. Something like kindness beamed in her smile for a second, but it was repressed. There was stern work before them. And they did it, that brave, high-blooded young couple. The Rev. Mr. Ap-Joncs lured from his rectory by a supposed smuggler, who promised the clergyman a cask of illegal brandy, it he would "fetcli it from a neighboring forest, was found a mouth afterwards, at the bottom of a coal pit, nine thousand feet deep, but without the brandy. The clerk, Timothy lloberts, set out to Llangollen to see a wealthy eleventh cousin who had sent for him to come to dinner, and be forgiven for being poor. This cousin's dinner he never ate, but the fishes' of the Dee ate him—how they were helped to him, an athletic young fisherman who had been consulting him about the most killing tackle, might have told, but never did. The beadle was found by a roadside, at a spot to which he had gone, as relieving officer of Eisteddfod, to see a child which a beggarwoman calling at his hsuse, requested him to come and remove to the workhouse, and in his baud was a. metal cup, from a travelling flask. Tbe cup had coutained whisky, and something else, which' the coroner of the county sent to Dr. Alfred Taylor, but what was the use ? The pew-opener, who bad been rendered superstitious by the number of ghosts she had seen in the old church, was simply frightened to death by a female apparition in white, with phosphoric eyes and stains of blood upon its garment, that rushed at her one night in her own garden, and shrieked, " Who stole the velvet covered hymn-book ?" The four witnesses were gone. " We are not safe yet, dear," said Caroline to her husband, as they wandered by the silver Severn, at its confluence with the Thames, and watched the salmon leaping from the sparkling pools. There was almost a tenderness in her voice, for she was learning to respect her husband. " These children take a deal of separating," said Chirk, laughing. " We've burned a church, robbed a parsonage, and cooked the gooses of four respectable individuals, and yet we can't sever the knot. What's up now ?" " Do you not remember," she said, playfully, " or were you too busy in looking at somebody else, that during the ceremony there were two pews of charity children." " So there were. And any one of those might identify either of us. I have always thought, with Mr. Gladstone, that charities are a mistake. Confound the catechetical Vrats. This requires thought." " I have given it thought, silly one." " Eisteddfodd was in some measure consoled under its misfortunes. It was much talked about, which is joy and delight to a provincial place. More. A most benevolent stranger, attracted by the noise of the catastrophe, came and settled at a cottage near tbe town, and seemed to live only to do good. His dress was of the old school, blue coat, brass buttons, and leather breeches. He wore a large hat, under which his beautiful white hair fell voluminously his reverend shoulders. Money was no object, he relieved the poor, assisted the new clergyman, promised Mr. Gilbert Scott six memorial windows, repaired houses for the poor, and in short was a Monte Cbristo and Howard in one. But the children were his chief care. He had a large barge built, with a cabin, and in this he used to treat tbe charity children to delightful jaunts on the river Trent, with buns, marmalade, and ginger beer. One day, when the whole school was out with him, he was noticed turning a handle that seemed to work upon something at the bottom of the boat. Ten minutes after the bargie went down in twenty feet of water. There were no signs of the good old man, but a smartly dressed and very handsome young man was seen running along the bank in the direction" of-the small railway station. The charity school had disappeared. " And now, loye," said Chirk Gobowen. looking into the beautiful eyes of his wife, •" We have- done all,-and may be calm and happy for the rest of our lives. Now we can arrange our separation." '. , " Ye—s, if you -wish it," said Caroline, : with something of a wistful look. "You don't?" he said, softly. "Do you wish me to say yes." « No." And the young husband and wife were in one another's arms. ... May they be happy! . Tanglit energy and resolution by early trial, taught mutual confidence bj die necessity of conjugal trust, why should they not be happy F "Jliey had iearned to know one another, and the sweet evening star that shone mildly down upon their,reunion seemed to them a harbinger of Messed and virtuous days to come.—Punch. 