WESLEYAN CHURCH, EL DORADO. The anniversary services of the above Church were held on Sunday, 25th inst. Sermons were preached in the afternoon. by Mr Porter ; and evening by the Rev G. B. Richards, Superintedant of the Beechworth Circuit. Numerous and attentive congregations assembledi on each occasion. On Monday, 26th, a public tea meet- ing, at which 150 persons were present,, took place. A substantial tea was provided by the ladies of the congregation, after which a public meeting was held, which was opened by the Rev G. B. Richards. In the absence of, Mr Win, who had been invited, Mr J ELLIS took the chair. He said he had much pleasure in meeting so many of his friends on another anniversary, and recounted the many mercies which they had received in a temporal, spiritual, and providential manner. He also pointed out the object of the meeting and referred to the duties and privilegess: of Church members. Mr MOFFlTT read the report, which showed that £40.4.2d had been seen in Church improvement, and sundry expenses ; that the proceeds of the tea and other collections had reduced the debt to about £10. He congratulated the congregation on the great succes of hr p eset't anniversary, and was of opinioni m that the ladies were the chief instru- ments in bringing this about. The Rev Mr RICHARDS said the anniversary occasion, whilst they mightt and should be times of rejoicing, shouldi also excu e serious thoughtfulness. They might be regarded as milestones along life's roadway, and their approach should lead us to enquire how far we had been endeavouring in the past to improve our time and accomplish life's great purpose . He rejoiced to u er them on these occasions believing that tea meetings rightly improved, might do a great deal of good. The greater part of our unreasoning prejudices were the results of ignorance-, on a nearer ap proach we obtained juster views both of persons and things and our ea m e- ings as they brought together persons of different social standing, and dif- ferent religious views, dissipated a vast amount of prejudice. A ghost story, and an anecdote of the Rev S. Brad- burn, were given as illustrations of the act that a near approach often disipated prejudice, showing us that what at a distance, had appeared very terrible, might really be not only harmless, but amiable and excellent. He trusted h n other godsends would b-t a stered by the present meeting, and that having thoroughly enjoyed themselves, they would separate truly profited, as well asss pleased. Mr PORTER moved the adoption of the report. He congratulated the people of the El Dorado on their great success in a financial point of view. He felt much affected in appearing before them. He prayed that the interest of the Church would be the chief object of all present, and that | divine blessings might descend in their midst, and that during the coming year, many might be added to the Church such as all be eternally saved Mr R GRAY felt great pleasure seconding the adoption of the report. He felt great difficulty in beginning a speech, and hoped that his friends present would not think him ambitiousitiom in thus appearing before them. He always felt humble in the service of God, and his greatest desire was to promote the glory of God wherever he may reside. He was much pleased to meet them on this occasion. Christmas time recalled many happy and profitable recollections of dear parents and friends in his father- land. He desired the people of the El Dorado to give themselves to the service of God, and to cast away all unkind e ing so that unity and hap- piness may reign in their midst. Mr COADE briefly proposed a vote of thanks to those ladies who so kindly provided the tea, and alluded to the many difficulties they had to encounter in such a remote place. He congratu- lated them on the perfection of all they cook in l and and was of the opinion that every one present would own that the ladies deserved their best thanks. He aIso proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman, was much pleased to see him back again at the El Dorado, and hoped that by the blessing of God, and the assistance of his fellow laborers, thatt a great increase of members, may take place during the present year, and that the Church may ever continue to prosper. Mr HUGHES felt great pleasure in seconding the vote of thanks to the ladies and the Chairman. He felt very happy in meeting so many kind friends at the El Dorado, and would be very happy to meet with them at the next anniversary. He was pleased to see the Church in such a prosperous state, and hoped that the time would soon come when the Wesleyan Church at Wanga- ratta would be in the same happy posi- tion. The doxology was then sung, and the Rev Mr RICHARDS having pro- nounced the benediction, the meeting separated. 