TUE NEWS OF THE DAY. Tho address of tho lion, tbo Chief Seirotary to the electors of Mornington, in wbich tho policy of the Government is sketched forth, will bo found in unotber column. Wo also observo that Mr J. S. Johnston lias announced his intention of standing for St. ICilda, Mr Thomas Parsons for Richmond, Mr M. L. King for West Bourko, and Mr J. T. Smith for tbo same district. Alderman Hill has likowiso stated that bo will como forward for South Gipps Laud. Wo avo in receipt of our intercolonial lilcs as follows: — From Auckland, N.Z., to tho 11th ; Wellington, to tbo 13th ; Qneonsland, to tho 27th ; and New Soutb Wales, to tho 81st August ; and from Soutb Australia, to tbo 1st inst. Tho papers contaiu but littlo intelligeuco of interest that hu3 not been anticipated by telegram, with tho oxcop lion of tho account of tbo submission of a numbor of tho New Zealand robols, which will be found in another column. Tbo following is tho despatch — to wliieb refcr once was mado in' a telegram which appeared in our columns a fow days since — from tbo Secretary of Stato for tbo Colonies, with regard to the Influx of Criminals Prevention Bill, passed in New Zealand, to Sir George Grey: — 'Downing street, 8th May, 1864. Sir, — I have tho honor to acknow ledge tbe receipt of your despatch, No. 11, of tho 11th January, transmitting a bill entitled 1 An Act to prevent tbe influx of Criminals into Now Zea land,' together with a memorandum by your respon sible advisers on this subject. As lior Majesty's Government did not advise tbo disallowanco of tho act passed to prevent tbe entrance into Victoria of persons formerly sentenced to transportation in tlio United Kingdom, but whoso seutences had ex pired, so neither would tbey now adviso tbo dis allowance of a similar act if passod by tho New Zealand Legislature. They would, however, see the passing of such an act with much regret, and tboy certainly could not adviso that Parliament should be invited to pass a law for tho express pur pose of enabling a colonial Legislature to enact a provision bo littlo iu accordauco with Imporinl policy, aud which, in the opinion of thoir own judges, is not called for by any proved necessity. — I have, &c.;, Edwaud Cabdwei-l. — Governor Sir George Grey, K.C.B., &c.;, &c.;, &c.;' Another large public meeting on the transporta tion question was held at Ballaarat, in connection with tbo eastern municipality, on Friday night last. The hall in which the mooting was hold was crowded in every part, and tho resolutions, wbich were tho same as thoso agreed to at tha former meeting, wero carried unanimously. It was also resolved that a second petition bo prepared for transmission to her Majesty tho Queen, and sub mitted for signature to tbo women of tho Ballaarat district, being a special appeal to her Majesty from her own sex, praying that tho children of the colony may be saved from tho pollution necessarily con sequent upon association with felons. Tbo doctors of South Bourko woro addressed by MrL. L. Smith, on Saturday night, at tbo Sir Robert Nickle Hotel. Thero was a numerous attendance. Mr Lambert, the ex-member lor Iticuiaoad, pro sided. Mr Smith's addross, which will bo found reported nt length in another column, was listened to with general attention and in tolerable quietness, considering it was Saturday night and tlio audienco was partly composod of the ' wild wood carters. ' In fact the candidate's friends had evidently mus terod iu forco, and tho usual voto of ' iitness and propriety' was carried unanimously and with accla mation at the end of tho address. Only ono or two vory trivial questions wero put. Tlio electors of South JJourko, resident in the neighborhood of Hawthorn, to tho numbor of about throo hundred, met in 1 10 town ball, Hawthorn, on Saturday ovening 'last, and wero addressod at considerable length by Mr O'Grady, who is a can didate for re-election for tho representation of tbe district. At tbo close of tlio address, ono or two questions of an unimportar.t naturo wero put to Mr O'Grady, wbich ho answerod satisfactorily ; and the usual voto of conlidencc in hiui was then put and carried with applause. Mr Francis Stephen addressed a meeting of tho electors of St. ICilda, ou Saturday evening, at tho JUsternwick Hotel. Tho topics alluded to by him were protection to nutivo industry, which ho strongly ad vocated ; tho land question, in regard to which ho affirmed the desirability of ft 1 ing back on tho sys tem of salo by auction ; tbo revenue, tbe present aspoct of tho education question, and tho other matters enumerated in tho a-ldro3s ba isiued to tho electors n weok ago. At tho closo it was moved, and unani mously affirmed, that Mr Stophon was a fit und proper person to represent tbo district iu Parlia ment. A salo of Crown lands wao bold at Ararat on Tuesday and Wednosday last. Tbo lands consisted of suburban lots adjoining tho township of Moyston, and suburban lots iu tho parish of Burrumboep, near Cathcart. On Tuesday, nlinost all tbo lots offered woro takeu up, although tbore was scarcely any competition. In only four instances was tho upsot prico advanced; tbeso brought £1 2s, £1 5s, and £1 0s respectively. Wednesday's salo showed a very spirited competition. Tlio lots purchased ranged in pricc from- £1 to £3 18s per acre. A salo of Crown lancls was also held at Xiilbot ou tho samo days. Tho lands wero tosvn lota in tho town ship of Talbot, and- suburban lots iu the parish of Amherst. In nn-3t instances fair prices were realised. Tho tct-al amount of tbo salo was £400 8s 8d. i Wo havo been requested to contradict ^statement i ? which appeared in a provincial contemporary, to the i icffiict that Mr Weekes, tho late member' for tlio I Ovens, hud, whilst travelling ou tho Victorian Hail- I ,wayr occasioned somo- disturbance by persisting in ;hio right to a free pass? Tbo only partich-of truth in tho statomcnt is that tho Urat intimctiou Mr Weekes received of the withdrawal- of tbe passes nils from tho licket-twkei' on the Williamstown line, when ho at onco paid his faro. Thoro was -no dis cussion whatover. Tlio Albury Banner snyD : — 'Wo regrsi'to find that our polico superintendent lias becomo so in valided, through hi3 axposuro to bad weathar and bush lifo in bis exortiocs to- enpturo Morgan, uo to compel liim to go to Sydney for a time on sick leave. Wo believo that Mr Sub-Inspector Morrow, stationed at Wugga WaRga, will supjly: Mr MlL/irie.'s pluco temporarily in Albury.' Thero was a largo gathering of spectators, on Emerald Hill, oil Saturday afternoon, for tha pur poses of witnessing the inspection, or, mero-propurly speaking, tbo review, by- Commodore Sir V/illiiun Wiseman, of tlio Williamstown aud Sandridge oorps of tho Naval Brigado. Tho Sandridgo contingent paraded at tho Naval Brigado Orderly llooin shortly baforo threo o'clock, and, lioaded by tho- band cf tho Immigrants' Homo, marched to- tho ground, wlioro tbey wore shortly aCterwards joined by tho Williamstown men. On tho arrival cf tbo Commodore, who was accompanied by.Golout'l Anderson, Major Verdon, Major Pitt, aad other officers of the Voluntos? stalf, tlio lmnd slrnak up ' P.ulo Britannia,' and; tho men presoutsd arms. Tho -inspection then cemmonccd by tho mea,,undor tho command of Captciu Fullarton, tho senior cap tain of tho corps, marching past iu close and open column. This was followed by other evolutions, all executed with steadinass and precision, aftor which tbey engaged in manual and platoon drill, which was in turn succoodod by the sword erareise, in which tbo various cuts, guards, and points woro given in a manner wbich olicitod, not only tho ap plause of tho civilians and tbo admiration of tho officers on tbo grc:uid, but also tho snociul com mendation of Sir William Wiseman hiiasolf. The corps was exercised at great guu practioo, two field piecos woro dragged into position, tha process of limboring and uulimbering then gone through with great alacrity, and several rounds fired. Tbo men woro then forisod into throo sides of a squaro, and tho Commodore and staff having taken up a position in the centre, tho former addressod tbo corps ia highly complimentary terms. Ho had been, ho said, for twonty-six years in tho navy, during which timo ho bad bad many opportunities of inspecting naval brigades, but bo could assure them that ho had novor met with a body of volunteors wheso genoral bearing aud oflicieucy in all departments of drill, ospeciull}' in the sword and gun oxerciso, impressed him moro highly and reflected greater oredit ou their officejs, and ho doubted not that if a foreign foo threatened invasion they would acquit themsolvos in a . manner j which would redound to the credit of this and tho mother-country. Ho ooneluded by urging them to stick to their drill so that, if ho should ever havo tho pleasure of meeting them on any futuro occasion, he might find thorn as efficient as they had on that occasion shown themselves to bo. Boforo leaving tho ground Sir William expressed his satisfaction with the arrangements wbich had boon made for the inspection and tho manner in whioli tho ground had been marked out and^kept by a dotaclimcut con sisting of 80 men of tho Emerald Hill artillery corps, and requested Captain Anderson to convey to tbo men under his command his thanks for tho man nor in which they had discharged their duty. We are glad to see that tho sisterly devotion of little Jane Duff towards her still younger brothers is likely to bo rewarded. Saturday's Geelong Ad vertiser says: — ' The story of ' the lost children,' of the Spring Hill Station, their wanderings and sufferings, and subsequent restoration to their friends, has been read by every one, and will by many be remembered to the last day of life. In the down train, yesterday afternoon, the heroic conduct of Jane Duff forming the subject of conversation, a resolution was adopted to give something more substantial to the little maiden than empty praise ; and in a fow minutes £19 was promised towards a momorial fund of her self-denying and selfsacri ficing love, tho donors being Messrs F. Pelcher, £5 ; John Gnthrio, £2 ; John Wilson, £5 ; J. Gallotley, £2 ; Georgo Armytage, £2 ; H. Chirnsido, £2 ; and William Wiggins, £1. Arrangements aro to bo mado, to-day, for carrying out the idea on a scale that will probably endow tho youthful horoiuo with £100 or £150. The thing is right and praiseworthy— tho recognition of virtue in ono so young will have it3 influence on other children ; and it is possible that they who thus, caring for others, ' cast their bread upon tli3 waters,' may fiud it again, with amplo interest, after many days.' H.M. screw steam frigate ' Curaooa,' left Hob son's Bay, at 10.30 a.m. yesterday. His Excellency Sir Charles Darling and suito went on board shortly before her departure, and accompanied hor down to tho Heads. The Government steam tug Georgo Kennie also went down to tho Heads to bring his Excellency back again. During Satarday after noon, the Curacoa was visited by upwards of threo thousand people, thero woro many moro in tbo steamors and boats alongsido, but, in consequenco of tho crowded Stato of tho ship, and night coming on, tlioy wore rofused admittance. Tho Melbourno aud Hobson's Day Knilivay Company's Pisr was tho , — tt- — ? ? ? ? ? Bceuo of much bustlo tho wliolo aftoruoon, and tho traffic on their lino of railway consequently very groat ; but was, notwithstanding tho small nuililbcr of employes, carricd out with groat credit. Tho M. A. Mail says : — ' During tho past few weeks tbo Castlemaino neighborhood has boon in undated with the g enu-s homo commonly known as tho 1 new chum.' Domestic and agricultural ser vants appear to bo tbe majority ; and, as wo seo but few of them waiting about tho labor oflice3, wo pro sumo they find little difficulty iu obtaining employ ment. As tho boxes of niuiy, howovor, have a doliuito addross upon them, tho probability is that they belong either to nomiueo immigrants or to persons who havo been engaged down in Melbourne. Wo should bo sorry, on account of this absorption of labor, to recommeud Castlemaino as a desirablo destination for tbo noiv comer, although wo uro pleased to note theso signs of our prosperity.' Tho progress of settlement in tlio neighborhood of Castloniaiuo appears to bo satisfactory. Saturday's Mail observes—' The locality of Chinainan'3 Creek, perhaps unknown exactly by name to moRtof our readers,' has lately attracted several fettlnrs, who havo taken up, under license, small areas of lun'd for grazing purposes. Mauy of tho allotments border ing the creek aro being rapidly brought under culti vation, and tho crops upon thorn aro looking very healthy. The land is well suited for grazing, and, in order to cncourago its boing thus occupied, soveral creek frontages havo been reserved from salo, so that a plentiful supply of water may bo obtained for cattle. Tiio locality, too, is not so thiskly tim bered — although timber is very plentiful — and is altogether frco from the undergrowth which is fro quontly such a post to tho grazier. Several coin fortablo slab lints Ijavo beeu erected, and, on tho wliolo, Chinaman's Crock, with uu easy access to and from Castlouiaiuo, will bo in a few years- not tho least important of tho suburbs of tho ' Groat Centre.' ' The St. ICilda penny savings bank was opened at tlio town hall, ou Saturday ovouing last, and so great was tlio rush, that it wns fouud necessary to keep the bank open until olovan o'cloca, and overs tlion many postponed depositing their mouoy to tho following. Saturday. Tho total nuuibor of deposi tors was 301 ; und tho amount deposited, £55 12s. As the aonclusiou of tho talo- of tho 'ghost in tho blankets,' tho Turrongowcr Times of Friday says : — ' Tho blankets taken from tho tent of tho iniin Phillips, ou Saturday night last, have been returned ts- him by a neighbor, who accouutod for their possession by stating that bo was passing tho tent oc Saturday night, andj seeing the door ipen, ' tof-k-.tiio blankets uwuy for. fear they should bo stolen !' It will bo reineinbered tliat Phillips de posed to the- polioo that ho bad euught a figure, clothed iu white, in bis tent, aud, fearing it was a ghost, threvMin axe at it aud boltct'.j Tho affair is a 1 curious ' one all through.' Tho folly- of beiug too spoodily:- discouraged in mining mattors is again illustrated. Of tho Myers' Flut Company many of our readers, doubtless, retain a recollection moro vivid than agroeablo. Tho property, when sold for debt, was taken by a fow persons wheso fu:th iu the auriforciw nature of tho ground remsined- nnshakou. After lying dormant for years, a prospecting party lately struck gold in tho paddock, . ut a depth of thirty feet. Tho pro prietors of t'j.3- ground havo arranged' to throw open tho property, to- tho miners of Sandhurst. Thoy huvo uppoinicd-Mr Mauduit to tako chargo of tho proporty, to nogotioto with partios of miners for tho working of block claims. Tho ground is shal low, and the nrospccts on tho lead aro undorstood to bo very encouraging. Tho anuual.meeting of tlio Molbourno Cricket Club was hold in the pavilion, on ?; Saturday after noon. Mr T» E Hamilton occupied, tho chair, and thero wero between sixty and ssventy members present. Tho statement of accounts submitted showed a balanaoof £201 1-ls lid-, to tho crodit oi tho club. Tho .report stated that, tho eonimi'ltoo wero glad to have boon the means' of initiating a series of mat'jlies with tho leading club of Sydney, and that although tho Melbourno /Cricket Club was boaten on the first trial, they lcoked forward to tho return match- with feelings of interest and confidenoo. Sufficient ftuids 'woro realised on tho formor occa sion to paj\tlio expenses of tho Melbourno Eleven to S3'dney.noxt season. Durin^- tho past season tho club had rmstained soveral defoats, but somo very good averages could bo pointed to. Mr K. W.Wardill,. for tbo host batting, avorago 13.10, had been pre sented with a prize bat ; and Mr W. II. Handfiold: hud received a prize ball, for, his excellent bowling analysia of 4.7. Tho club novAUUinbered 1381 mem: hers, as against 272 on Iho rolls last season. Tho wholo-area of tho playing ground within tho chain fence had been levelled raid sown with English, grass land tho quickset hedge, ^commenced last yeas, had been extended round tho-wholo of tbe ground. TJia pavilion and fence3 bad also boon put into thorough ropuir, and tho grounds aowly plautod. Tho re port and balance sheet ware adopted, on tbo motion oi Mr Goodman, seconded by Dr. Ford. The- elec- tion of office bearers for tho ensuing year wap. than proceeded with, and tho result was tho appointment j of tbo followiug : — president, T. F. Hcjnilton ; ' vice-president, D. S. Campbell ; secretary, W. C. Biddlo ; treasurer, M. E. O'Brien ; and ccmmitteo, Messrs R. C. Bagct, I. Younghusband, W. H. Hand field, It. W. Wardiil, A. W. Fraser, S. £?. Lord, and M. A'Beckett. A voto of thuuks having boon passed to tbo rotiring committeo and other persons who had been of service to tha club during tho yoar, tho proceedings terminated. Tlin t.orin r'nurfc linil a short flil.l.Liifr nn Rfifnr^nv. Nothing was dono beyond tbe granting of rules nisi for new trial in tho cases of Cowell v. Grant, an action on a forged bill of oiebango ; aud Murphy v. Martin, an action for trespasa und wrongful execu tion of a bill of salo. On Saturday and yesterday thero was a largo traffic on tho Melbourno and St. ICilda Railway line. On Saturday, the numbor of passengers was 5233 ; and, on yesterday, 0-137. One of tho most impudent blackguards that over stood iu a prisoner's dock was placed boforo the Geelong bench on Friday last. Tho Advortisor says : — ' His name was Thomas Allbut, and ha had a most repulsivo countonanco. Ho was charged with stealing a pair of trousers from tho bliop of Mr Mylos, at tbo corner of Moorabool and Ryria streets, | and tho following is a sample of tho stylo of his defonco aud cross-examination of tlio witnesses : — Mr Baker, tho contractor, the witness who saw him take tho tronsors, having given his ovidonco, was cross-examined by tho prisoner as follows : — Pri- soner : What time was it ? Bakor : Fivo minutes to three. Prisoner: IIow do you know? Bakor: I looked to see tho time. Prisoner : Oh ! Havo you a watch ? Baker : Yes, I havo. Prisoner : Did you steal it ? Baker (apparently not understanding tho question) : Yes, I did. (Great laughter.) Prisoner (addressing tho bench) : There ia a man to como as a witness against me — says he stole his watch. Mr Myles having askod him if ho had any person to givo him a good character, tho prisoner coolly replied : No, you must tako my general appearance in support of that. (Loud applause.) Tho principal witness for tho prosecution having stated that tho prisoner admitted having taken tho trousors because ho was hungry, and had nothing to eat, the latter re-called ConBtabla Liddy, and asked him if ho recollected taking him to tho watchhouso. Liddy replied ho did. Prisoner : Did I look hungry? Liddy: No, you did not. Prisoner : You can go down, theso aro tho only truo words you have uttorod. Beforo remanding tho prisoner, tho bench asked him if ho knew from whom he bought tho trousors. The prisoner said it was from Mr Myles. Tbe Mayor : Do you know him. Prisoner: I will when I have seen him. Tho Mayor : Well, we'll postpone tho case to Mon day noxt to allow Mr Myles to como and provo ho sold you them. I suppoao thRt will Bfttisfy J°5i r I , ? ? ? ? ? Prisoner : Oh, yes ; unless Mi* Myles is like nil tho rest of tho witnesses, and swoars what is not true.' A clever arrest was effected by the Talbot police, on Thursday last. The Leader gives the following particulars. Frank Reed, who is charged with cattle stealing, and who, in company with Dick Gaines, managed to avoid capture by the police on Sunday week, was arrested about noon yesterday, at McCallum's Creek, by Detective Lloyd and Mountod Constable Hill. Reed was found in a small hut near the main road, McCallum's Creek, where heo had probably been concealed for some days, The police seem to have had some reason for believing that Reed was at McCallum's Creek yesterday, and accordingly Lloyd and Hill instituted a regular search, and after visiting several houses, came to the hut. They found the door fastened, and Lloyd ascended some logs which wore leaning against a turf chimney, and quietly looked down. He was notably surprised to see the man he wanted seated on a box in the chimney, which was the only opening to admit light, and amusing himself by perusing a copy of the journal containing the account of his adventure with the police. He seemed doing the best to while away the tedium of his self imposed solitary confinement. Reed's attention was drawn from the paper by a piece of dirt falling down, and on looking up he was considerably dismayed at finding the police so close to him. His first words to Lloyd were " I know it to be you, nobody else would have the cheek to come down a mans chimney Lloyd droppod down the chimney and Hill came through the door, and Reed was secured. 