TILE MODEL CORICKET CLUD. Concerning the late curious proceedings in the Melbourno Cricket- Club, the liyt of yesterday has the IbolloWving:- • " For some time past much dissatisfnotion and unplesauntness have prevailed amongst the mlnmbcrs of the Melbourne Cricket Club, in consequelnce of several candidates for ull?cbership holding respectablo positious in s:ociety having been' bla:ck,balld,' apparently without any aul!iciejut reason, It was felt tint theso iproccdiil,?s were dotrimental to the. interests. of the club, besides casting un deserved odiuia upon guetlemcei who were desirous of being omembers, and stops were therefore taken to couveno ia special ncuting of thl club, with th u view of considering the propriety of cither abolishing election by ballot altogethler, or altering it, The meet ing was held yesterday evening, i i the club's paviliuon, the preeiso npurposo of it beina, in the words of the olljeinl autice, fur 'reOVidiaj and altering the extstiug rules, ailtd alsn, 1' considered necessary, (21o maling additions thereto.' The presidenti (d r, T. F. l1ahil. ton) occupied the chlaiir, snd About, lUX ilel,, bers were pre iint. The provcedingis ucnu lied upwlards ' an hliutl' anuld .hll', and were of an exceedingly noisy iand irregular clhurnes ter, while th(!e i)uilcus cldone wmas absolutely nil. By rule 3, it is provide tliat the elec tion of meombers shall be by. ballot, that no eloetion can take place unless fifteen members vote, and that one black ball in five shall ex \- cludo d candidate from election, After one 0 or two amendments to this rule had been proposed, but not seconded, a motion was proposed by, , Cr, C, . Cameron, and seconded n by Mr. 1Iope,'to the effect that in future the elections should be by op1en voting, instead of ballot. In the oourse of the discussion which followed, tho motion was supported by I Mr. Cohen, M3.L.A,, Mr. Judd, Mr. lBagot, I and several other gentlemou,. who oharac teoriod the late ballotting prgeeedings, a: stabbing men in the dark, and stated that the result had been to exclude many gentlemen who had enjoyed the respect and esteel? o' their fellow-citizens fqr years, and who were equally as eligible candidates .as any, of the present members, Mr. Bagot ifurther stated that theo members had no right to msake their club 'oxclusive, as the deed by iwhich ,the ground was granted for riokcting purposes provided that it should be for the use of the citizens of Melbourne. Against the motion it was urged that no sufficient reasons bad been adduced&for;'altering the rule, and that: in all pidbablility, the ventilation wlid.i'had been given to the subject would prevenout any repetition of the evils which had bedn coin plaincid of. On a division, thero wiro found to be 4S members in _favprb of; thle i0h0tion, and 47 against it, . Tim motion was, there fore, virtually lost,.ns onei of the rules pro vided that no alteratioin of the rules could be made without t~h consenut of thrc E'uitl his bf the members present?. ata, speciall iieeting. IMr. BIagot proposed another motioni, toi the eflect that oneoblack ball in three, insteaid of one in five, slonuld excludoa candidate, which was seconded by Mr. Langlands, but shared a similar fateo.' No further motion was sub mitted on the ballot questioh. The Rev. T. F. Fellow?, however, proposed that any member swe:\rin:; within the precincts of the pavilion shalld be flued 2s. iOd. for each of. fence. ..1[eo'.rofposcd this addition to the rules becausd'he had licard more bad language in connexiol,:ivith the Melbourne Club than during,all the: cricket matches in whioh he had played in England, and because h h had been personally insulted hyr a member swear ing during the All-Enghaind match, which was the first occasion alo whlih hio had been so insulted in his lifl. Mr. Do Pass seconded the motion, and admitted that heo swore him self occasionally, A discussion ensued, in the course of which it was ioneorally admitted that swearing was of too frequent occurrence amongst the members, and that it ought to be slringently prohibited. Sevcral members, however, appealed to .Mr. Fellows to with draw his motion, urging that, if carried, it would refleet disgrace on the club, and that tho simple fact that it hiad been thoughlt: d sirablo to propose it woull lhave a sulliciently' salutary influence. Mr. I'ullowi' consented, and withdrew the, motion. -0 A private exhibition of the real legitimate ghost of Professor Pepper, recently imipouted by tlio ilil Lincolnshire, topk plauw oil Wednesday evening, in the presence of a few gentlemen at the l'rineess's T'heatre. Mr. Cosford, the gentleman Who lhas charge of tids intcrcsting stranger, holds a power of attorney from Professor Pepper, under whose superintendmnce the illumliisting apparatus was prepared at the .·Iodon P'olytcchnic.. The exhlbi tlon was coiifiled to the praduictlon of the ghost upon the stage, withllot any attempt being made to conceal the apparatus by whilch.the cllct .was pro duced. The repreacntailo., was ' perfect; tileo; r tlectiut of the drigiail behin complete 'to the mninut est detiit. the lloilluminatlng liower was lowered, threfguro grew1 gradually dimmer; but still being the only sourcot light.upon tihe nmirror, it.was stilt faintly discernible u1ntil all was utterly. dark. A very ourious effect, showing tllo actlio of :oi!o sense upon aniother; "was iproduccd; whein the lady who acted as "image" sa 'a 'staniza' of a ballad. 'lhe lips of the reflection being seeml in' mnotiou; tIme 'ars werea rresistibly persuadedby. time eyes to. bollov', in spite of knowledge of tmhe owutrary, that 'tho.sdund issued frofi.' the rollectldn,, ln quite" i"'difllfrent dircctiori' f'romtlhe actual singer. Altogether; al thouglh the aiccessories of situation, surrounding olrcumstances, ghostly attire, &e.;, were all wallnting, and actual illusion was consequently, outof the question, yet Vhe merely optical part 'of, tIhe' oxhibl. tion, that h lich wasa'lone iitt'inpted, cdild only be regarded as an eminent success. The dilleroncos between the modts opdrandi of the ghost of last even ing and that of 'ormerpretenders to the name, con saist nmainly ila more scientific arrangement of the reflectors au4 ii oire perfect powbr of illuultia'tio., -Arls. A F4Axs.,Aiur.--Tlie other day, a series of iotid expldslduis a~i ro heard oei Arlingtoni Holghts; and twenty-tour. reporters immedlately telegraphed lto twenty-four papers that r00,000 rebels had attacked our lines, with 2000 rifled cannon, and had beeh re pulsed with a loss of 14,000 killed. Federal loss- one killed, aid two committeld sulcidelo.' lint When General i'Ciollaimn cmime to'luquire hito the aiaumo tof the l'uxploslanss, tills report was someuwhat l uoililud. What w'as that firing for?' he asked af ordeflyl who 1had just colsm over the river, 'itf you please,; sir, reslollded tloe angulcouls lllnitml, there wli as nulrliug at ii.' It was Villllam llrowdi, of Rtegtiiin6t 5,' lnu. kruli rligatlo, whiih lihas a hIrld ihdl aidmlI' aneezds ii thlit way,' Vlliami hlas siince beei ortdbr'd tod tel. graplm to tioe War I)opartmnoent whelmevcr hle sdezes, so that lo mmoreof these harrovwilng Illstakcs c ay bq ,m~na -rjk*-rji C' , ? Ke ,.r'eers. ." A FurmAmt. Yl nia,-I hav' heoard a my inelent gramdflithliur rlm'tc amim exammplo of lthis spirit dilring tIle wmir '18".: 'lie wile itl a select assortiuneit of' uclmlpig clhaipViit Chldullsburg, Just bolbr thie attack mli \~Ylshimirmon;.nmd word mnlaesecretly to tlielm that tleu Uritislebalo'wn i t ilhe. hlesapriaku, were ouit of leorl.aid.'wiJl~d liy sonmmethmimg hlmuumsUnIlU for mu sup ply. Noems',! fieso J.'equiog ell... h lad ino hiuer, i..y boy clmt Ilim dllhit l, cp tfmeiim oi't' of the sliculatilonIi They went inmt the nearel t gravuyard, dugtpmll the (inimmlstloiinu, alid pitt tlhei nl te mmll old qualrtz-C rush. mlluchiuie, lalllulded I thlei hiue powlder, senlt thie Ipowderl' to theo cuaslt, ami sold it to the Iritisllers for tlilu very betn flour, it twelve dollmrs nud a half a barrel.- Orjs/meou '. A~rrr "a juer?. . .. .. . 