NuMDBit Seventeen I Takes Mb. PsrrBii to the Police Court, and lives I am a roKE-snoKTBNED Glimpse on the object of his Seahoh. _ ' I could hardly restrain my feelings when I read this brief but expressive epistle that said so much a to few words and I experienced some grievous prickings of conscience, as I could not but regard m J self as the author of this calamity. Had I not been soft enough to have forwarded the half crown, I felt that this catastrophe would never have occurred to one whom it was my desire to benefit, not injure. However, there was one satisfaction through all this. I had now got my poor man safe. He was under the lock and key of the myrmidons of the penal law and I knew, that he could not escape me. I am ' afraid that as this view of the case struck me, I felt more pleasure at the certainty of at last finding an end he my weary search, than regret at the incarceration of my luckless poor man. This satisfaction gave a zest to my buttered toast, and an appetising flavour to my ham and eggs In fact, I breakfasted more comfortably than I had done' for some months previously months during which my mind has been incessantly engrossed with the one great subject, the discovery of the Poor Man, whose wrongs line so long and so loudly called for redress. It was noon before I had finished my breakfastJcon cluded my toilette, and left my home, for the important interview I was about to hold, In my progress through the streets which lie between my residence and the Police Office, I met with one acquaintance and another, and, as I am not the man to treat a friend rudely or inconsiderately, time was wasted, and it was close upon two o'clock when I reached the Central Police Office. > j , I presume that you have visited this great public institution. Not that I mean to infer that you have done so under police auspices, but in the way of curiosity. You are aware that there are three doors, < one in the centre, and one at each side. The doors on the side lead into two Khadamanthine halls, in which law crowner's 'quest law, as Shakespere has it is dispensed, and in which justice is administered in a way to make one's hair stand upon end. I have been in the place, but have not been initiated into the my stern of its penetralia, j tier knew I the secrets of the prison-house. However, at a venture, I entered the door on the left, and found myself in a spacious Court room, utterly empty and deserted. The first thing that struck me was that there had been a recent orgy held there, There was about it a peculiar features, as if any number of people had been engaged during the night in drinking rum and smoking tobacco in it, and that it had then been very carefully corked up hermetically, so that the full reeking flavour of the harmonious compound might be retained. It was certainly un- pleasantly odorous, and as it was empty there was evidently nothing to be done here ; so I satisfied myself with one glance round at the Bench, the dock, the witness-box, and the lawyer's table, all unoccupied save by the ghosts of corrupt magistrate!, blood-stained criminals, perjured witnesses, and roguish attorneys, who may be supposed to do a perpetual penance there-and left. I now tried my fortune at the other side door. I found myself again in a large Courtroom, the counter- part of the one I had quitted-that is to say, I I just got far enough inside to be able to look round, over the heads of that portion of the public that makes these courts the source of its daily amusement and edification. It is certainly not the most select portion of our Sydney public that is to be found here; but as a general rule it is greasy, and itchy, and out at elbows, and ragged, always with a strong odour of rank tobacco about it. It is composed of very nearly the same persons day after day. Now and then one drops away and is lost, or anew face is seen to become old and well-known before very long For one makes his appearance at the, dock instead of the body of the Court, and so repays in kind to others the pleasure he has himself received. This room had all the ill odour of the other, only ten times intensified by a pestiferous heat that flushed the cheeks of the onlookers and made even the dignified Bench uncomfortable. There was some exceedingly interesting case going on. Something about some forgery or other, and the suppressed'" Oh's," and " Ah'a," of the auditors-or what the French would call " Sensation were frequent as some telling piece of evidence was given, or some tough question was put on cross-examination. This accounted for the late sitting and the crowd, but I could see no chance of doing anything here, for I could not get farther than the door, and there was no one from whom I could gain information ; I made the attempt once, but was instantly silenced, All were so anxious to hear the evidence that my question was reached in the light of a personal injury, by every individual in my vicinity, not only by the person addressed but by others who were close to him, and I was imperatively told to " Shut up" by at least half-a-dozen persons ; whilst at the same moment a police constable, who was dozing in a chair just below the bench, suddenly started from his sleep and roared, " Silence" with a savage look over in my direction 1 that drew all eyes over to where I stood. Opposite to me in the court, I perceived another door through which persons were continually coming and going, and I imagined that perhaps I might reach this. I bethought me of the door in the centre of the building, through which this other entrance was evidently reached, I consequently left my ill selected position and made for the other door. I entered it, but on the way I had to run the gauntlet of about twenty constables, all hanging about hungrily as if they wanted to distinguish themselves by a caption, and were discussing with themselves Whether they ought not to seize the first comer on speculation. They eyed me very auspiciously as if I were a murderer coming to give myself up to justice, and seemed grievously disappointed when I passed them. I was now in a sombre kind of twilight, which coming as I did from the glare of day, was to me a perfect darkness, through which. I wandered hopelessly until an opening door in the distance gave me a gleam of light towards which I instantly made. The door was closed again before I could reach it, but nothing daunted, I applied my hand to the knob and opened it. I only put my head inside, but instantly withdrew it, for there was a gentleman with a heavy ruler in his hand, which he seemed on the point of shying at me, whilst another individual whom I did not see in my hurry roared out, next door. I felt my way along the wall until I encountered another door, which I incontinently opened. There I interrupted a gentleman who was eating busts and washing them down with something out of a case bottle. Evidently annoyed at being disturbed, he cried savagely, " next door." I began to fear that I should thus be sent round the whole building referred from one to the other like those unlucky individuals who take messages for practical jokers on the first of April, I would however give one more trial, and so guarding against surprising the individual inside, I knocked at the next door I cairns to, was told to " Come in," and on going in found a gentleman deeply buried in documents and writing away for his bare life. I was received so graciously by this gentleman that I at once unbosomed myself to him and stated fully the errand on which I had come. He shook his head. " I'm sorry I can't help you, Mr, Pepper. The Governor's the only man that can help you,, now the man has been dealt with by the Court." , " What 1" I exclaimed in astonishment. " Shall I have to go to Sir John Young J" | ' "No, no," ; he said, laughing. "I mean our governor-the police magistrate." I "Ohl" I cried, in an unmistakable tone of satisfaction at finding that my labours,, were not to be extended, "And where can I see him" I , j " His room is at the other end of the passage. Any of the constables will show you. . Good morning I" I was once more in the darkness of the passage, but my eyes had at last become accustomed to it, and I was able to find my way out of it without accident, and, going up to a constable who glared at me as though he would say-" Oh, you've come at last, have you and thought better of it." I asked him to direct me to the magistrate's room. He pointed to a door that stood open, told me to go into the room and wait my turn. " , , In this, the magisterial anteroom, there were some dozen persons in attendance. They were a most motley group, and, seemed to have suffered from every possible! description of violence. There were females < ' ? v j' 2? are now dishevelled locks, every one in a' bed of chTonicatate of black eye,' as though they' were residents of some locality in which a black ->_? ei1.?imf(i had, been raging. There were seen hobbling with sticky with him in slings, uL sash JfV1«!?"}«"1*, bandages bound round 'the ' ; Ar i 'iaS, a ' most ° woebegone air _?..! Wv Foo.dtngin silenee'over'thelr Wrong, not corimùnicatÎBg'them to each. other wintle would as 19 sUPPose would be the case, but saving them JP to be poured out fresh and gushing into the ears of the issuer of warrants. I saw these go one after the other into an inner room, ushered thereto by a I blotchy-faced individual who officiated as gentleman I usher, and had a very close affinity in general appearance to the genus gaoler. For half an hour at the ' very least I saw this process going on, but still my 'turn had not come round. I was getting wearied, tired of Waiting and the clerk of the Police Office a striking four brought on a severe attack of fidgets. I I appealed to the gaoler I mean the gentleman usher, i and in the most insinuating manner suggested that he might hasten my turn. I " Can't be done, sir, at no price," he answered. " Every man's a man here, and if so be as it was the Prince of Wales, he takes his turn." "But my time is valuable, and my business will not take an instant." " Couldn't do it if you wear to lay down a pass of severing" " I merely want to get a prisoner released if possible by paying his fine, and in his present state of the colonial finances, every shilling is a shilling." , " You should go to the accountant," he replied. " I have been everywhere-I have been sent from one to another, until I ' hardly know where I am, and now I tell you that I shall report this matter, and you can give a pretty good guess as to what the Hon. Geoffrey Eager will say when he hears that a public department has actually refused to receive finished- rings." The man evidently turned pale, the reader portions of his face assuming a blueish line, where east flour. , ished that of the carnation. "I'm afraid you're too late," At last, he said, " for I heard the wan drive into the yard ten minutes ago. "The van-what van !" I cried in agony as a despairing idea suggested itself. " "Why the police wan as takes away the pri- soners." 1 I heard no more, but instantly rushed out of the room. Along the corridor and the police guarded passage I tore in frantic haste in such haste, in fact, as to bewilder the thoughtful guardian of the peace, who had not time to make up their minds what to do before I was past them. At Length I stood in the open air, and there-there was the van! ' I caught a glimpse of a pair of seedy black trousers, which, by the opening of the tails of a corresponding seed- wheat of what is better known as the Dr. Dodd out, Paper served to be very much darned und patched about the part most subject to wear and tear. These I knew instinctively to belong to my poor man. I saw this, and then the door was banged to and locked the guard jumped up behind, there was a cry of "all right," and as I reached the centre of the yards the van drove out of the gates, accompanied by the admiring gaze of a small crowd of women and children assembled to do honour to departing friends and I was left alone and blighted in my hopes. ' Never till that moment had been able to understand the bitter depth of disappointment to which that traveller was plunged who, as narrated by Washington Irving, had been all day long endeavouring to > get a glimpse of-the fat gentleman, of whom he /had heard continued talk during the day and who at last, rushing to the window as the' fat gentleman was about to depart, obtained only so much of a glimpse of his chief tormentor as was afforded by the opening of his coat tails as he entered the door of his fly. I was in a precisely analogous predicament, and was able, to fully appreciate his poignant regret; but, though disappointed, my courage rose with the opposition that fate seemed to meet me with, and I determined to gain my end, or, in the language of every popular melodrama, '. to perish in the attempt." 1 Only one instant did I give way to vain regret in the next all the blood of the Peppers rushed hotly through my veins, and I determined to have my poor man, even though I had to tear him out of the solid walls of Darlinghurst Sydney Mail, September 6. 