PICKINGS FROM MELBOURNE PUNCH Telegbam. — Sent via Jubal by. the All-Eng land Eleven to H. H. Stephenson. " We do not intend returning to the Oval while we can make so much on the square." .JjIteeal . Krbob. — First imported cricketer, (reading country paper to second ditto) : " I say, old fellow, papers say you've twined your, bat with bays. ' , .r Second imported Cricketer : " Baize be bothered; 'twas twined with pack thread in the regular way when I bought it." Risuh Teneatis.— A Herald correspondent says that it takes two constables to prevent people laughing at the Town Council of the Borough of Essendon and Flemington. Query : —How many constables would it take to prevent people laughing at Punch ? Outrageous. — A late arrival, desirous of seeing -the famous mallee scrub of Australia, and on journeying to the Dandenong ranges with that object, seeing nothing, more like it than honeysuckle trees, is said to have remarked — " Honey soit qui mallee pense ! N.B.— We should not have permitted this joke to appear had not its bearer brought it so far that we did not like to disappoint him A Paradox Verified.— The ingenious gen tleman who acts as the Melbourne correspondent of tbe Bendigo Advertiser having seen Professor Pepper's ghost before it appeared) and who recounted its great success at the Princess's Theatre three days before it was visible, is so elated with his success that he. has determined to devote himself to the prosecution of abstruse enquiries in which his gift of prescience may- be available. He has commenced by setting him self to the work of defining accurately what is in the middle of next week. As a great many persons are often seriously embarrassed in- their anticipations of what is likely to take place at that semi-h'ebdomadalperiod, it -seems likely that valuable .practical results will flow from the labours of this very clever correspondent. The. A. E. E. Match. — W c call the attention of those: gentlemen who are aspirants for a place in the Twenty-two who are to' do battle with the All-Eng-landers, that the practice match takes place to-day, the trysting place being the Campbell's Creek ground, time 2 p.m. sharp, and it is to be hoped that for the honour of the district, more energy will be displayed, and that it will be our happy duty to chronicle in our next issue a full meeting and successful practice. . ; . , . ; Exhuhation of Chine'seBones.— Mr Lymer, our local -undertaker, has accepted a contract for the exhumation of the remains of a China man who died seven years ago. The . deceased was called Tan Ny, and his burial was one of the first jobs with which Air Lymer was favoured' on these gold-fields. The brother of the deceased came out from the flowery land:some time since, and by dint of "patient inquiry found out his brother's resting place. The bones are to be taken up this morning, during the humiDg of two " joss sticks/' andwill be placed in abag, previous to being packed up for transit to China. "When they, arrive there, they will be enclosed in ajar, and deposited with the remains of the other members of the family. In some instances a large portion of. ' the cargo' of vessels trading from these ports to - China consists of the bones of oxhuihed Celestialsirr- Ararat Advertiser, January 26. . - > The Ballarat Election.— rThe : Star ;of Thursday says that the political' calm respecting the election for Ballarat West has at length 'been broken, and that All Edward) Cope is fairly in the field.- . We have been informed, (says our contemporary) that a requisition is being got up to Mr Vale, the bookseller, but it ,is not certain whether he will stand with a general election so near at hand. We have not been able to. learn anything of. Mr : Kinnear's movements, or -even whether he has arrived- in Ballarat. : The Far North. — A .gentleman who came ;into ' town yesterday - evening from the Far North informs us that, all the country through which- he -passed from Kanyaka to Alount Browu : was flooded, and that all the creeks, particularly that '-at Kanyaka were' running rapidly. The mail was detained at the last-named place for a whole day ./A very sad occurrence had happened between Ediowie and Nelpena. A party of three men were journeying over the sandy plains extending .for thirty-five miles from the former to the latter station. The heat was excessive, and two of them became so exhausted for want of water that they were unable to proceed. The third reached Ediowie on Monday last, but there is every reason to believe that both 'his companions have perished in the bush, though only one of their bodies has as yet been found. The deceased, William Flowers, was a shepherd, between forty and fifty years old, and our informant knew him two years ago, when he was working for Mr George Marchant, at Arkaba, .and bore a very good character. Search was being made for the other man or for his remains. It was reported that the blacks were coming down in force from Lake Hope, ostensibly to procure ruddle at Aroona, but probably with hostile intentions. Rumour further stated that another collision had taken pi d ce between them and the settlers at a point more distant than the late fatal affray, and that one of the natives had been shot. We have heard the name of the geutleman who is said to have been attacked, i and to have been compelled in defence of his life and property to fire upon his assailants, but we refrain from giving fuller particulars until the news shall be confirmed. — S. A. Register . The Vine Blight. — A sad proof of the damage done and likely to accrue to the vine yards in this district was elicited from Air Dardel, at the Geelong Police Court, on Wed nesday. " That gentleman," sajs the Advertiser, " on being called on as a witness to speak to the value of a small vineyard of Air Wyatt's, in full bearing, rated it rather low, as the Bench seemed to think, and on being asked what he reckoned the net value of his own vineyard would be this year, he said 1 he should be very glad to take £10 an acre for it.' Wb hope Air Dardel may be agreeably disappointed ; but we hear very bad accounts of the spread of the vine blight." A Rush to the Poll. — For the seat in the House rendered vacant by the resigna tion of Air W. C. Smith (Ballarat West), there appears to be a perfect rush, no less than four candidates offering themselves, viz., Alessrs. Vale. E. Cope, R. Lewis, and Chas. Kinnear.— (From the Star, January 29.) 