SOIREE AT THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. The annual soiree of the Presbyterian Church, Adelaide-street, was held last evening. The pulpit was very tastefully decorated with flowers and ever greens, and a very nice tea was pro- vided. There was a large attendance, the chapel being comfortably filled. During the intervals between the in various addresses several anthems were sung by the choir, in a style which showed that they are happy in possessing an attentive and able conductor. After the tables had been removed, the chair was taken by the Rev. C. Ogg (pastor of the church) who briefly announced the object of the meeting and alluded to the progress of the church during the past year. An anthem was then sung by the choir, when the Rev. E. GRIFFITH rose and addressed the meeting expressing his pleasure in ac- cepting an invitation to attend the annual soiree of the Presbyterians, and in the course of a short speech alluded to the fact that Mr. D. M'Alpine, the late treasurer of the church was absent, a fact which could not but be re- gretted by every member of the congregation. An anthem having been sung by the choir, the chairman called upon the Rev. Dr. Lang to ad- dress the meeting. Dr. Lang rose, and delivered a lengthy and eloquent address, which was listened to with much attention throughout, and frequently ap- plauded. In his preliminary remarks he re- ferred to the part that during the four years which have elapsed since his last visit to the colony, he not only noticed that marvellous charges had been effected in the faces of society, but that the country had also much changed. When he first visited the district of Moreton Bay, Brisbane was an insignificant little village on his next visit he found that it had grown into a considerable town, but now he found that it had become a large and important city, rapidly increasing in population and in wealth. At the period when so separation took place from the old colony of New South Wales there were not more than 22,000 inhabitants in what was then the distant of Moreton; now there were treble that number in the colony of Queensland. Thoe revenue of the colony of Queensland when it formed a portion of the territory of New South Wales was so small that one of the very wise legislator of that colony had stated when the idea of separation was mooted, that it could not support a corporal's guard. Now however, it had become so huge that he had been informed the other day by a government functionary in one of the northern towns that the revenue of that part of the colony alone was about £10 000 a year. At the time of his last visit the only subordinate town of any consequence in the colony was Ipswich, he found now that there were a num- ber of towns to the northward-- Maryborough, Gladstone, Rockhampton, Bowen, and the newly formed township of Cardwell at Rockingham Bay. Those remarkable changes reminded him of some of the descriptions in the Arabian Night's Euteriniunicnts, widely by the Wave of a magician's wand whole cities and States were conjured up. There was certainly nothing similar in the history of any colony under the British Crown to the vast changes which had taken place in Queensland since his last visit to that territory. If he were asked what the great change was owing to he would state two things -- the first of which was separa- tion, and the second the excellent system of im- migration which had been adopted. There was no doubt but that had separation not taken place from New South Wales, of which colony Queensland was once a component part, the place would still have been dragging like a wounded snake its slow length in listless insig- nificance along. Progress would have been in- conceivably slow had things been allowed to re- main as they were previous to separation. Nothing would have been heard of the towns, which now existed along the coast to the north- ward, or of those adventurous parties who were pushing their way into and settling upon the country in the far interior of the colony. He had heard of one person who had actually founded a squatting station on a piece of country which was situated no less than one thousand miles in a north- westerly direction from Brisbane. Not alone to the mere fact of separation was the great im- provement in the colony owing - without immigration that progress would not be felt, as he had already observed, in was owing quite as much to imaginations as to separation. He was happy, while on that portion of his subject, to be able to bear testimony to the zeal and ability which had been displayed by the gentleman who had been selected to act in the capacity of immigration agent or commissioner in the mother country, and whose exertions had been rewarded with such marked success in aiding the occupa- tion of the territories-- he referred to Mr. Jor- dan (Hear, hear.) He had laid the colony under great obligations, and a debt of gratitude was owing to him, while it was to be hoped would not remain unpaid. What Mr. Jordan would have been able to do as agent or commis- sioner of the colony without the adoption of the measure to which his success was so largely to be attributed, it was difficult to say. He (Dr Lang) referred to the land-order system of Queensland. It must be admitted that many abuses had attended the conduct of the system, in connection both with all its working and administration. But everything that was human savoured of imperfection. Abuses had certainly crept into the land-order system, but they were nothing as compared with the magnificent results which he followed it-it had been the means of of diffusing light and life into the vast territory of Queensland. When the agitation for separa- tion was going on in the colony, great resistance was offered to it, especially by the legislature of New South Wales, where it had again and again been asserted thah there not not nearly a suffi- cient number of men ability in the portion of the territory seeking separation for self government. He had stated at that time from his knowledge, that he was quite confident --of course considering the great disproportion as regarded population--that there was just us good material for self-govern- ment in Moreton Bay as there was in Sydney. (Hear, hear.) There was now an opportunity of comparing the progress of the two colonies since separation and the result of self-govern- ment being granted to Queensland had been plainly apparent. Whatever petty differences which might exist unions different classes of the colonists, and there was the same anywhere,-- whatever differences there might be in the Legislative between the ins and outs -- it was quite evident that they had succeeded in placing a man it the been of affairs who had under- standing, and who, like Issacher of old, know what Israel ought to do. At all events, a system of immigration had been determined on, and Mr. Jordan had been sent home as immi- gration commissioner. He was a man of no pretensions, and has but little known beyond the circle of his own friends. But a small salary was afforded him, and very slender appoint- ment. He was sent home with all those disad- vantages and the result was the accomplishment of one of the greatest works are performed by a colonial commissioner. The ministers of New South Wales -- the order colony-had accured the services of two of the ablest public men -- men of much higher position than Mr. Jordan, and who instead of receiving a small salary, were voted the very respectable salary of £1500 a year, with the believed, their expenses besides. He would compare the two different results -- Queensland on the one hand, and New South Wales on the other ; \-- the one was a young infant colony, and the other with grey hairs implied the pos- session of a far greater amount of wisdom. They found that the Queensland agent or com- missioner had sent out, during a residence of three years in England, no less a number than 17,000 persons; and had undoubtedly given an impulse to immigration to this land, notwith- standing the great prediction which existed in England against it, on account of the northern climate and his temperature. Those disadvan- tages had been set aside and such an impulse had been given to immigration to the territory as had never been equalled elsewhere. What was the result of the visit to England of the two great men - Messrs Parkes and Dalley ? it was a failure. Certainly, he believe that it was through no fault of their own, they did their duty as far as in them lay; but in spite of their utmost exceptions no one was found willing to go to the old colony. The consequence was, they were compelled to return, as it was the custom to say in Scotland-with their fingers in their mouths. (Laughter) Although he exceed- ingly regretted their failure, as affecting the interests of his own adopted country, he could sincerely and heartily rejoice with the colonists of Queensland at the advantage they had gained, which was, in his opinion, owing in a great degree to the fact that they had a man of superior intellect at the helm of the state. He (Dr Lang) reported that he cared nothing for the petty squabbles which might occur inside or outside the parliament house. The success which had attended the Queensland immigration system must be acknowledged throughout the length and breadth of the British Empire. With all the changes which he had re- marked in the social condition and physical aspect of the colony there were many other things he could notice as to its ecclesiastical relations. At the time he first visited the dis- trict, the Church of England was represented by only one minister, whose name he would not mention. At all events, the minister referred to was a renegade. Presbyterian, who, finding that things did not go on so well as he could wish in the Presbyterian Church, actually declared be- fore an Episcopalian congregations in Sydney that it was moved by the Holy Ghost, forsooth to renounce his Presbyterian ordination, and accept ordination from a Presbyterian bishop. He (Dr. Lang) did not allude to Bishop Barker, who fortunately was no Puseyite; but to that prelat's predecessor, whom he did not desire to name. Such was the status of the Church of England in the colony at that time. He did not recollect that there was a position taken up by any other Christian community, but he be- lieved there was none. There was a wonderful difference now -- there were two bishops --a Protestant and a Roman Catholic -- each of whom had a number of priests of persons be- hind him, to send all over the territory. There was, therefore, a very great change in the ecele- siastical department of the colony. He believed that it was possible than there were a number of good and very intelligent people who know as much about church history as he did about watchmaking. They, no doubt, all of them un- derstood that there was an Anglican and a Roman Catholic bishop; but that the Presby- tenants, who were the next in point of num- bers, had no bishop at all. If such belief was entertained, those persons who entertained it must be strangely ignorant, for instead of one bishop the Presbyterians had four -Bishop Love, Bishop Ogg, Bishop Wilson, and Bishop McGavin. The speaker proceeded to enter into a lengthy argument with reference to various systems of church government, ex- pressing his opinion that bishops generally pos- sessed or desired to possess more power than they were justified in deputing, and quoted from St. Paul to prove that the term bishop applied to every teacher of the gospel who presided over a congregation. He also eulogised the plan upon which the Episcopalian Church was governed in the United States of America, every congrega- tion being allowed to show of its own minister, and the transaction of the temporal affairs of the church being attended to by the laity. He offered me a brief relation of the struggles which had taken place in Scotland for civil and religious liberty, and gave some telling exports- tions of the state of things in that land at that time, when the old Covenanters were persecuted by the Stuarts. He considered that circum- stances might arise when it was desirable that one community of Christians should assist other communities who were in trouble. It was a great mistake to suppose that any benefit was derived by one church in consequence of the unhealthy state of another church. There was one of the characteristics of the Presbyterian Church to which he would handy allude, and which would be found to prevail all over the world-that of insisting upon an educated min- istly; and he proceeded to inform the meeting that all the necessary arrangements had been made towards the establishment of a Presby- terian College in New South Wales, to which, of course, the young man of Queensland would be welcomed. Dr Lang concluded an eloquent address, by stating that the Presbyterian Church will desired the alteration of all its sons and members whoever they may have fixed their lots- An anthem "How beautiful upon the mountains" -- was then sung by the choir. The CHAIRMAN said that he felt so grateful to Dr. Lang for his able and eloquent address that he felt justified in departing a little from the recognised rule by calling upon a gentleman to move a vote of thanks to the doctor. He (the Chairman) would therefore call upon Mr. Wilson. Mr. WILSON had much pleasure in doing what was required of him, which was certainly a very easy task. He would move a vote of thanks to Dr. Lang. The motion was carried by acclamation, and Dr. Lang briefly responded. The choir sung another anthem-" Sound the loud Timbrel." The Rev. Mr. LOVE pronounced the benedic- tion, and the proceedings terminated. 