THE TIPPERARY WITCH. There is something much more pleasant and touching about the Irish rustic superstitions than there is about the English. Superstitioa makes the English poor simply brutal and pitiless, while in the Irish peasant it excites the lively, credulous imagination of a child. At Siblo Hedingham the other day, the Essex villagers tegcuueu me uicre guspiuiuu turn puur uiu ubuiui^ was pretematurally endowed ss lawful justification for all sorts of experimental torment. No sooner do English rustics suspect demoniacal agency than they deliver themselves up to mixed feelings of anger and curiosity, and partly like artillery*, men trying with tbeir guns the strength of * renowned fort. They want to bar* tbe demon, and they want also to know how much it can endure, — whether a few hours under water wil. have the effect of sending it away, or brickbats jpplUd to the organism of tbe possessed person will aff.ct it at ali unpleasantly. A hundred and iity years ago Addison described tbe rural £uglhk (eelin^s towards a witch as precisely tba'. which it still is :— 'In our return horns Sir ROi?a» told us old Moll White had often been brought before him for making childrfcn;spitp^saVdMv« ing maids the nightmare, and that the country people would be tossing her into a pond and try ing experiments with her every day if it were not for him and his chaplain.' There is nosuobfeeli ing towards a gipsy, because a gipsy is supposed to work only by a traditional knowledge of natural signs, which anybody inigbt acquire if he could find the keys; there is nothing preternatural atlribnted to the gipsy only a wilder and more intimate ac quaintance with natural secrets. 'But the moment the Suspicion of preternatural power suggests itietf tihe .English rustic becomes brutal. The' bejiil in fairies or kindly 'preternatural agencies has wholly vanished from England, while the belief in demons or the black art still lingers to a con siderable extent. How different the state of feeling is in Irelaud tbe very curious examination of three or four ' bewitched' people before tht magistrates of Carrii k-on-Suir, Tipperary, wjh sufficiently show. The witch was one Mrs, Mary Doheriey, the wife of a blind man, who appeared at Carrick- on-Suir about 14 months ago with a reputation for preternatural powers, Which she soon began to sustain and increase, the charge against her. was. cheating certain persons afterwards examined in court, and who evidently were far from admitting that they had been cheated at all, out of subsidies, not in money but in food, on the false pretence' that they were for the support of the deceased relatives of the contributors recently restored to life— or ? suffi ciently so to need food. Tbe scene in the court* house in Carrick-on-Suir was a' very curious one. The witnesses culled against vMrs. - Ddheny certainly testified to the continuous stream of subsidies with which they had supplied her' for their rather uncomfortably situated relatives,— who appear to have half ;-gpt tack from the grave, -but still to be, if we may so term it, spiritual invalids living on the earth, but in mysterious seclusion among tbe 'good people,' and preparing on a mild diet of tea and other food generally knswn to the midecal profession as ' slops' for the more active turn of life ; but while they they gave this evidence, they not only imputed no falsehood to Mr. Doheny, but were even eagar in their simpla taith that the subsidies had actually been needed and consumed by their half- reanimated kinsmen! whom they bad, th y said, seen with their own eyes. There is something inexpressibly childlike about tbe story. In reading it we feel as if we were present at the birth of one of those Irish fairy legends related with so much spirit by Mr. Lover, in which humpbacks sleepiBg in haunted moats so please the ' good people' as not only to get rid of their bumps but have them transferred to the persons of their cruel enemies, or bc-nshee£ flit round decaying mansions wailing forth the death- song of some of its inmates. There was no fewer, apparently, than five in* ' dependent witnesses who asserted that they had seen the forms of relatives long dead restored to life, always it appears, in MrsVDoheny's presence, though she does not seem to have claimed any power in the matter. About four months or more ago ' Sub-Constable Joseph Reeves' was -jsked by Mrs. Doheny to go with her to Knockroe, where he would see his late father in law. The man, accom pained by his boy Terence, a child of eight years of age, started, but on getting to Knockroe appears to have seen nothing till Mrs. Doheny came up ten minutes after him, when, pointing in a particular direc tion, she asked Reeves if he saw anything. (C I replied, ' Yes,' for I saw my father-in law, William \f iiMin« ( wK a had heart dead three rears) about twenty yards distant from me.' Asked by tbe magistrate whether he was frightened, Reeves replied simply, ' I was not, sir; this is a fare case in a court of justice, and a laughable one to some people, but there has been instances of this before.' He had known bis father in-law, ha said, for sixteen years, and ' ought' to know him. ' We remained looking at him for a time ; he wis standing in the field with a stick in his band ; his side face was turned towards us. There was good light at the time, about eight o'clock in the eveaing. I don't think William itullins is dead now, but he was dead. I have been sending him food for the last four months since be came to life. I sent, bread, butter, and tea, once in each of tbe 24 hours, sometimes by tbe defendant and sometimes by my wife's niece ;* Reeves further, said that he had lost a son named William, who died at seven years of age, in I860. Two months' aio Mrs. Doheny told him ' to go to Duggan's waste-house and I would see Em. This be did, again with his son Terence, and be asserts that they both saw bis late son VWlliam standing inside tbe window, with a dead aunt (Margaret Power), who had died about seven years ago. The magistrate asking if the lad had his clothes on when he died, bis mother, who fftf sitting in court, cried out, ' Oh ! God help us! b« had, he had !' and Reeves goes on :— Yes, be died in his chair ; he appeared to me to have grown since h« died ; he did not look very badly, tho«gh be was delicate ; he bad no bat en.' Of th» sunt, be says, that she dii not we*r ?crinoline, 'they were in fashion when she died,' but we are not assured whether she died in those clothes or h»S dressed sina. There also appears to have been a separate manifestation of some of these deceased persons to Mrs. Reeves.. These persons still appear to be in a very delicate state. Tbe dead father Mullins indeed seems to be hearty, under the protection of tbe ' good people,' sniok:^ and c*n manage new potatoes and eggs. But ' Mr*» Duheny said ray sisters »nd sun were too deli cate to eat new potatoes and eggs, and I changed tie diet next night.' Some tea was sent b=.cK is not good enough for the wards of the fainest twoinonths Bjo, and ftnu tea oi a better quality vu aubBtitutetf. -The premise held out by Mr*. 3)7benj appears, to be ..that all the**., shadowy; firms/now, undergoing their novitiate for a second ewtbly life 'will, ? alter due assimilation respec tively ef new potatoee, eggs, and bread and milk by the hardier men, and anterior tea by the boy and women, be able to come back quite to life, esd whenever that occurB ' bring tbeir living witbttbem.' ,;.;,-;.^: '?;?- ,v . ?. ??;;:; .???-,-?'?_?-&? The whole *toiy sbowa a wonderftsl Irish naivete and amiability with its marvellous credulity. The placid faith with which the sub' constable and bis family accept the intermediate state, and send tbeir tributes of new potatoes, eggs, milk butter, and tea to the unreal world, in. the sanguine hope of a reversionary right to real property in Waterford in compensation for Jhe«« pious labours, is quite touching in its simplicity. A whole family give dairy produce to ghosts or fairies, and hope for a farm in Waterford as their reward! Was there ever eonfience in imaginary powers so profound?— Spectator, ? _ 