THEATRE ROYAL. MR. EDGAR RAY'S ENTERTAINMENT. The first exhibition of Mr. Ray's beautiful panorama "Christmas in Old England " was given at the Theatre on Saturday night. The house was moderately filled, but we regretted to notice so poor an attendance in the "dress circle." JL-robaDiy tne evening uxea upon lor j the first representation may have had a great ! deal to do with this. But while Mr Ray and Mr Wharton may have been disappointed with j respect to the number of the audience, they ! certainly have no reason to complain of the appreciativeness of those present. The enter tainment was, in every respect, a success, as was testified by the repeated plaudits of those present. The drop scene is a most splendid work of art, the subject being emblematical of the jovial season of Christmas, with all the re cognised belongings. The grouping of the figures is far above mere ingenuity, and the dis position of the colouring certifies the work of a master pencil. It would be almost impossible to select from the twenty-two subjects illus trated in the panorama itself, any one particular picture for especial praise. They are, in truth, each and all" so exquisite, that probably each one had its own set of chief admirers. " The gathering of the misletoe," " The carol singers," "Bringing home the yule log," "The London waits," " Skating on the Serpentine," " Snow balling," and the " Ghost story," we would, perhaps, point out as our own favourites ; and in deed, to judge by the bursts of applause which greeted the appearance of these scenes, we should think that the spectators generally agreed with us. Mr Ray, who has materially altered his descriptive lecture since we witnessed the performance in Melbourne, was well received, and many of his anecdotes and jeu-de-mots were received with peals of laughter, as also were the comic songs which he sang "in character." It was well, indeed, for Mr Wharton, that it had been previously announced that no " encores " would be given, as otherwise he would have been compelled to do double duty throughout the evening. His songs, it is almost unneces sary to say, were rendered with such taste and expression . and such power of voice for which qualities the celebrated baritone is so famous. The chief hit which Mr Wharton made was in the Aria Buffa "Largo al Factotum;" and the two humorous songs, " Come lasses and lads," and " Katty Moyle" were welcotped with shouts of laughter. It would be impossible within the limits of this short notice to give a detailed description of the entertainment. To be admired as it de serves, it must be witnessed, and we reiterate our recommendations to every one capable of appreciating a high standard of art, to pay Mr Ray and Mr Wharton a visit before they leave Castlemaine. We believe thatfrom the favourable report which the audience of Saturday have bruited abroad, there will be a very good house this evening. Millet. — Mr Kence, of Chewton, has cour teously forwarded to us a sample of millet (Hol- cus sorghum) grown by him in his garden at the above place. The seeds were obtained from some American brooms, these useful domestic imple ments being manufactured frqm the plant under notice. Mr Kence states that he made a few unsuccessful attempts, but this year succeeded iu raising some fine heads, which will supply a quantity of seed for future sowing. The seed producing the plant before us was sown in tie Spring, but experience seems to sav not quifq early enough. There are two species of the genus Milium— M. effusum, or spreading millet- grass, and M. lendegerum, or Panick millet grass. The stalks of all the species resemble a pointed reed, having at every joint a long, broad leaf, which embraces the. stalk with its base. An abundance of small grains are set round a pom- papt spike at the top pf the stalk. The stalk itself is filled with saccharine juice. Millet is cultivated largely in the East Indies, China, Arabia, Syria, Egypt, Nubia, and America, where it is used as food for men, but in some places it is employed chiefly for feeding poultry nd domestic animals. The leaves and panniles are given both green and dried as iodder to cattle. The Eastern millet is: described by botanists under the generic term of Holcus and Sorghum. The most general species, the com mon India millet (the IJolcus Sopjhum of Linn.) is descrjbed underNorflm The culture ot thisplant is easy, and its uses, as may be seen, are varied. As an article of commerce, it is worthy the notice of thoso who are desirous oi initiating new manufactures in this colony. , - 