THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1864. After all, there is to be no Protection. To tlie chief of the Protectionist League, and to the Minister of Customs, the countiy is indebted for the satisfactory announcement that protection in Vic- toria has an economic sense of its own not known to the doctrinaires, and that the cry of protection to native industry is only a more captivating formula for transferring taxation from one industry to another. This is the result of all the agitation and bother. To bring about tbis, leagues have been formed, moun- tains have laboured, and Mr. JENNER has been converted for the occasion into an orator and an economist. Seriously, if the platform of Tuesday night is to be the bo- all and end-all of tho Jennerian controversy, there can be no doubt that we have been creating a storm in a puddle, and all for nothing. "We will not be egotistic enough to be- lieve that The Argus has had anything to do with the sudden modification of the League's pretensions ; but if that modification has been fairly represented in the latest pronouncements of its oracle, then we really do not see for what particular purpose the League was organized. If, as the Minister of Cus- toms tells us, the contemplated revolu- tion in the fiscal policy of the country merely means an exchange of certain duties for others, and if the terrible revision of the tariff whick threat- ened so much, turns out to be after all a revision for the purpose of revenue, then why was Mr. JENNER pressed into the service of the Ministry ? "Why waa a god called in to untie so trifling a knot-to vindicate so unequal a cause ? If the announcement by Mr. FRANCIS, that £100,000 of the ex- isting customs duties are to be trans ' ferred to articles which may bo manufac- tured in the country " gives the liveliest "satisfaction" to the Protectionists, then all we can say is, the Protectionists are not the exacting people we took them for, and aro much easier satis- fied than we expected them to be. But the question is, have not the prophets prophesied too sanguinely? "We strongly suspect that those good people who, terrified at their own ex- cesses, are now as ready to welcome reconciliation, and profess the " liveliest " satisfaction" at the prospects of peace, will lind to their chagrin that their feelings are by no means shared in by the bulk of their fellow-agitators. Tliere can be no mistake about the reality of the compromise, but we wish we could believe as firmly in the reality of the "liveliest satisfaction" which the Piotectiouist organs tell us it is calcu- lated to give rise to. Fortunately the Protectionists themselves have put it in our power to apply some sort of test to their probable feelings on the occasion. It is not left to us to conjecture what the Protectionist really wants. Mr. JENNER may explain away his mean- ing as it suits him, but we have it on record that protection in Victoria means protection, and that most certainly it does not mean " the framing of a " schedule of duties equally productive " of revenue and encouragement to local " industry." Has Mr. JENNER forgotten the repoit of the committee appointed by the Heales Government to inquire into the propriety of a re-adjustment of the tariff, and the demands of native iudustry thereanonf, In that famous document, the very koran of Protection, he will find carefully and elaborately detailed, from the mouth of eye-witnesse3, the wants and aspirations of his disciples. There the plain unvarnished gospel of Protection lies revealed, without any figures of speech, and without any diplo- matic suppression. The instincts of the Protectionist have full play, uncontro^ed by "the exigencies of the situation," and the consequence is, we get from the dis- ciples a veiy d'fferent theory of Protec- tion from what we get from the master. The hatters, tailors, cabinetmakers, sil- versmiths, clothiers, carriage manufac- turers, farmers, all speak out without disguise, and make their demands 1'ke true men and Protectionists. " I think " we could manage with a 25 per cent. " duty," says the silversmith. " About a " 25 per cent, tax would do for us," says the cabinetmaker. " To bo enabled " to manufacture musical iustruments, " it would require a duty to be 75 or " 100 per cent.," follows the importer of musical instruments. "A duty of 10 " or 15 per cent, upon English jumpers," honestly exclaims the draper-"it would " be madness, because it would not " enable us to compete with the English " market. " And so with the rest. The farmer cannot do without 2s. a bushel on imported wheat, the tailor wants 25 to 30 per cent, upon imported wearing apparel, the mantle manufacturer 25, the harness-maker 30 upon English and 70 per cent, upon American goods, a modest boot man nothing less than 20-" the general " opinion of the trade being for 30." Even with that bonus at his command, the manufacturer of blucher3 only expects that he will be enabled to get on by em- ploying boys, and " so bringing down the " rate ofivages." Who will venture to say after this that the Protectionists of Victoria are less exigeant than their neighbours, or who will predict that they are likely to accommodate themselves to the compro- mise recently propounded for them by their representatives'? We see what they have been-we have had their portraiture drawn by themselves, and unless they have radically changed their nature within the last four years, how far is Mr. FRANCIS likely to satisfy their claims with the moderate means at his disposal 1 What wi'l the £100,000 of taxation be among so many? If no- thing less than the percentage of protec- tion they wanted then will really be protective now, we confess we can- not appreciate the benefits to accrue to any one by a simple re-adjustment of the tariff. Mr. FRANCIS has under Lr.ken to make a deficit in the revenue, and then to supply it. If he proposes to make the customs y ield the rcqu ' red amount, then he must stop shoit of making the duty protective. If he means to make it protective according to the sense of 1860, he must mrke it prohibitive, and, of course, non-productive. But this last alternative, we have it upon his own authority, ho never contemplated. The result virtually is, then, that we end as wo began, and are to be Protectionists without being afflicted with Protection. Wo have not to quarrel with the issue, but why was it not propounded till the eleventh hour ? A little moro candour and a little more communicativeness would have spared us the trouble of laying a ghost that has never been raised. As it is, Mr. FRANCIS stands pledged to two separate and diverse in- terests, and while it is not easy for the uninitiated to conjecture how he expects to get over the proverbial difficulty of serving two masters, of catering for each without alienating either, it is yet a relief to know that the thing can be done, and he is the man to do it. Wo cannot congratulate the Riverine Council on their success in the manufac- ture of petitions. The recent establish- ment of border customs was, of course, an opportunity that could not be lost though we think it rather moro specious than politic-for placing a statement of their accumulated grievances at the foot of the Throne ; but it cannot be said that the representatives of the Riverinites have made the best of the occasion. The petition, which we print in another column, where it differs from the peti- tion which we printed in the early part of last year, differs most decidedly for the worse. No cause, however tenable, can be supported by misrepresentation and bad grammar ; and though petitions are not always the most literary of documents, it is certainly no detriment to the pleas or the character of the pe- titioners that they should make them- selves intelligible, and free from the suspicion of overstraining their advo- cacy. The day has gone by when even an Emperor can afford to bo supra gram maticam, and it certainly is late in the day to attempt to conciliate the ear of the Sovereign by such a rude violation of the elementary laws of syntax as is contained in the following paragraph : "Your petitioners have further to point out, that fheir geographical position and commercial relations with Victoria and South Australia, dissociales them from Eastern New South Waleí." Again, in clause 11, after giving the absolute amount of wool and live cattle expoited over the River Murray for the year 1862, the framers of the petition go on to express their belief that this rate of increase has been maintained. The discrepancies in the comparative geography of the two petitions again «ire scarcely less marked. The petitioners of 1863 tell us that " the colony of " New Sorth Wales is nearly 450 roUes " from north to south, and 600 miles " from east to west, contaiirng nearly " 300,000 square miles." In paragraph, number three of the new manifesto, " the colony of Now South Wales ia " more than 700 miles from north to " south, and 700 miles from east to " west, comprising 323,437 square " miles." "With the confused no- tions prevailing abroad of Austra- lian geography, it is scarcely fair of the petitioners to add to the bewilderment. But if we cannot congratuMe the framers of the petition on the selection and use of their maècrial, still lees are we disposed to coincide with them in the tone and animus wL'ich actuate both their expressions and their sentiment. The document is purely and simply au emanation from a class. Neither in ils language nor in its intentions does it re- present the population of Riverina ; and, from all that is said to the con urary, it would not bo easy to detect that Ri- verina had other than a population of squatters. There is nothing to show that there is any interest whatever to be represented but the squatting interest. Great pains are taken lo point oui; the total numerical and money value of the horned cattle and sheep and horses thai depasture this favoured ter- ritory ; but beyond a casual notice to the effect that " your petitioners also " export tallow, hides, wine, fish, and " timber," no mention is made of the various producing interests which the customs border duties will affect equally with those of the shcepowners. While much lamentation is made about the tax upon sheep and cattle, there is no com- pensation sought for the vignerons, who may be ruined by a duty on wine. All this is to be regretted. It is bad policy, and bad manners. The Riverine move- ment, to be successful, must be cosmo- politan, and an agitation which embodies its efforts in a sectarian petition can scarcely expect a liberal interpretation or a liberal treatment. About the jus- tice of the cause wo have no doubt, and it is a pity that a cause so just should be endangered by such injudicious advo- cates. As it was very well shown in the pe- tition of last year, and which we think is scarcely susceptible of improvement, the people of Riverina can have no stronger plea for separation from New South Wales than that they are united to her by merely political ties. Commercially and physically, they are part and parcel of Victoria, and if they are not annexed to Victoria, they had better be allowed to work out their own independence. No stronger arguments could be produced than a simple statement of the simple facts connected with the local history and requirements of the district; and we cannot endorso the policy of the pre- sent petitioners in attempting to aggra- vate their position by a reference to Syd- ney politics and Sydney jealousies. They are champions of a cause, it is true, which no amount of bad grammar can altogether imperil, but it is possible to creato obstacles in their path by an over anxiety to reach the goal at any risks and by any means. The candidates for the sovantesen seats in the Legiblativo Assembly which, by the new electoral law, aro grouped in the second class will he declared to- day. The constituencies are Ararat, Avoca, Creswick, Crowlands, Maldon, Mandurang, Maryborough, the Mar- my District, tho Ovens, and Rodney. Ac- cording to telegrams received last evening, the elections for Maldon, the Murray, and Ecdney will pass over without any contest, because the old members (Messrs. Ramsay, Oir, andM'Gregor) were the only candidates nominated within the " reasonable hours in the daytime," provided by the 72nd section of the act 27th Victoria, No 1C3. We under- stand that Mandurang is iu a similar posi- tion, and that the Minister of Mines and Mr. Cacey w ill have a walk- over. The polling for those constituencies which may be contested will take place ou Filday, tho 21st insfc. A meeting of friends and supporters of Mr. J, B. Ciews, Mayor of Prahran, who intends to contest the representation of St. Kilda, was held last evening-, at Prahran. Mr. J. Stodart presided. Mr. Crews made a brief statement of his political principles, in tho course of which he expressed his approval of the Minis- terial policy with regard both to the land question and the tariff. Ou the motton of Mr. John Campbell, the meeting passed a re- solution declaiin3 Mr. Crews a fit and proper peieon to represent the district in Parliament. A committee was afterwards appointed to endeavour to secure the candidate's return. Mr, Thomas Dickson declines to be put in nomination for North Melbourne. In compliance with a requisition, the Mayor has convened a public meeting of citizens " to consider the best mode of re- lieving tho destitution bilieved to oxlst to a painful extent " in Victoria. The meeting is appointed for to- morrow, at the Mechanics' Institute. Mr. G. G. Morton has been presonted with a requisition, inviting him to become a candi- date for West Ballarat, but has asked f jr time to consider his decision. The presenta- tion was made on Tuesday, the requisition heiDg signed by about 170 electors. Mr. Morton expressed his sense of the honour conferred upon him ; but Btated that, as he had already suffered a defeat in tho contest for Ripon and Hampden, and as another defeat would almost ha to him political min, ho would rather defer giving an answer until Saturday, in order that he might better ascer I tain his chances of success. If he saw there was a likelihood of his biing returned, he would contest the election, as requested more especially as he was an old resident in the district, and, tbtrefore, deeply interested in everything affecting tho prosperity of Bal- larat. The marksmen c-mptting for the honour of representing Victoria in the ensuing rifle match with New South \V«les, are continuing their competitive contests at the Sandridge butts. On Satuiday next the firing will be in a match between sides chosen by Messrs Cole and Sargood ; ond on this c:caslon the" twenty- four seleeted candidates aro all ex- pected to attend. Mr. Saxby, in the table of " days to bs sus- pected," printed in his weather- book, distin- guishes the days from the 13th to tho 15th of this month by emphatic type, m worthy of especial suspicion. We find in tlio Nautical Almanac the following clements of the moon Bhowing a coincidence of three points o': possible increased influence within the days named. It must bo remembered that Mel- bourne time is about 9h. 40min. in ad- vance of Gicenwich time, and that astre - nomical time is reckoned from noon to noon in days of twenty-four horns, Green- wich astronomical time must therefore be converted into Melbourne civil time. The moon will cio;s our equator this afternoon. (Thursday, Octobor 13,) at about 1.10 p.m. She will bo at tho nearest poiut in her orbit to us to-monow morning (Friday, October 14,) "it 3.40 a.m., when she will bo at no greater distança from our equator than 3° of north declination. She will become a now moon on Saturday afternoon (16ft October) at 3.40 pm., when, however sho will have attained the considerable distance from our equator of about 10a of noith declination. Allowing the mooa a sensiblo time to exercise her influences, such aB she takes in tho case of the tidoj of the sea, Mr. Saxby includes " the day after," and also " the second day after " his suspected days, as within tho scopo of his "wara ingB." A lecture in aid of the funds of the S mp son's-road Scripture Free School was given lost evening, in East Melbourne Oongrega fonal Church, by the Rev. J. Beor, The subject of the lecture was an outline of the life and explorations in South Africa of the celebrattd Dr. Livingstone. Tho chair wa3 eccupied by Mr. Gooige Harker, who spoke hilefly in commendation of the object for which the lecture was given. The committeo of the Mulbourne Home report thus for the month ending Soptember 30 ¡-Registrations-Qovernc3Bes, 5; needle- women, 10 ; servant?, 110. Total, 125. En- gagements-Servants, 83. Inmates-Gova* nessee, 9; needlewomen, 10; servants, 29. Total, 48. Nuuibfr in home, Soptember 21,-23. At the ordinary fortnightly mestlng of the Borough Council of East Collingwood, held on Tuesdoy evening, it was agreed thut the three municipal wards iuto which, by a resolution of the council, the borough has been divided, should be colled Barkly Ward, Darling Ward, and Victoria Ward. An inquest was held yesterday at the Col- lingwood Stockade upon tho body of John Edmonson, a prisoner, who wrs shot on Mon- day by one of tho warders, named Hugh M'Donald, while attempting to escape, The jury found that the warder fired in tho d's charge of his duty, and that no blame was to be attached to him. Two men, named John W. Plummer and Walter Graham, were brought up at the Richmond Polico Court yesterday, on suspi- cion of being concerned in the recent theft of money from a bedroom in the Surrey Hotel. As the only ovidence a3»lnst them was that they wore noticed loitering atout the place at tho lime of the rob'.sry, they were di£chargid. On Sunday night, twenty-eight frult-treîi in tho groundB of Mr. Chapman, famer, of the Bulleen-road, near Heidelberg, were broken down-tho work, evidently, of soma evil-disposed poison. A man and his son, neighbours, were arrested the next day on suspicion of being the offenders, and were taken before the IOCPI magistrates, but were discharged for want ofevlder.ee. The Geelong n,agistrat<s yesterday gara their dcoltlon in the care of Pvvcr ti. auck- land, in which tho defendant was charged with having 382 scabby sheep in his posses- sion. The Bench convicted tho defendant, and ordered him to pay the sum of £57 6s., being 3s. por sheep. Mr. Peevor, the inspector, did not apply for costs. Tho Castlemaine Circuit Court was held yesterday, his Honour Mr. Justico Williams presiding. The wholo of the business was disposed of in the day. Henry Ellar, late secretary to the Eaglehawk (Maldon) Union Quartz-mining Company, was sentonccd to six months' hard labour, for forging and uttering certain certificates of share". Abra- ham Bunny, lato clerk of petty sessions at Echuca, WOB Sontsnccd to one year's impii sonment, for embezzlement. The Learmonth Regatta has been fixed for the 25th of November next. Some interesting proceedings took place at Stsckyaid-hill on Friday,, on the occasion of the presentation of a "champion belt" to JameB Anderson, an aged ploughman. At the early part of last wcok (observes the ' Federal Stand ira) ubout a dozen of the Murray aborigines camped close by Wodonga, Ono of their number died suddenly, and was buried ^ by the tribe. Tho body wa", we understand, ' juBt thrown into a hoir*, which waB imme- diately afterwards filled up. We cannot belp thinking that a magisterial inquiry ought to have been held, as it is not at all clear that tho deceaied met with his death from natural causes. The Ovens Constitution of Monday remarks -"We supposo it is in consequence of the new regulations forbidding gambling that Detective Berliner has visitad all the hotels at Beechwoith, and cautioned tho landlords and barmen to stop the practico of'shaking for nobblers' with the dice-box. We are told that a t-econd offonce of this nituro renders the publican Hablo to the loss of bis li- cence." The Castlemaine correspondent of the Daylesford Mercury writes:-"A very curious case occupied tho attention of the bench of magistrates this day. It has been, in dif- ferent forms, before the court on some dozen occasions, and as it illustrates both a case of baidship and shows the value of the tenure of occupation under miners' rights, I will give you the particulars. It appears that a miner named Hodgson had built a house on Crown lands, that the allotment on which the house stood was put up for sale, on it being situated a tent for which no valuation was fixed by the Government, but one month was allowed for its removal. Well, Hodgson allowed the month to the occupier (Leighton), and then gave him notice to quit. This was to!ally disregarded, and Hodgson endavoured to eject the man. The plea being raised that Leighton held the ground under a miner's right, and could not be moved until a valuation for this improvement was paid to him. Hodgson was beaten in the first instance. Then com- menced a regular pitched battle between the two. Hodgson having fenced in the ground, and thereby prevented egress, Leighton broke the fence, was summoned for damages, and fined. Finally, Leighton, determined not to be beaten, has erected a ladder from his tent leading to a platform, from which stretches a long bridge, with handrail complete, carrying him over the fence into a neighbour's ground. The matter is now a also pitched battle be- tween the lawyers. In police-court sum- monses, fines, and lawyers' fees, this knotty question has already cost more than double the price of the land, and is now no nearer settlement." The Grenville Advocate mentions tho fiad ing of n gold nugget weighing lOoz. lOlwt. at Mullocky Point, Brown's ; and two others, ?weighing respectively 3oz. 12iwt. 12gr. and 2oz. lOdwt., at Budgcon'b Flat. The discovery of a Chinese dopredator, -while indulging his propensities, is thus re- corded by the Talbot Ltada :-" A party of mincia working on Gibraltar-hi'l, having substantial reasons for believing that their puddling- machine had been repeatadly plun- dered during the night, resolved to kcop watch. Tho person appointed to this duty on Saturday night having bc;n absent ashort time, found, on returning, three celestial scoundrels industriously omployed raking out tho joints in both of tho machines with _a piece of he op- iron, and working with a Trigout worthy a better cause. In tho absence of any assistance, no one living near, tho man onwatchimmedintely attacked them.andsuc ceeded in capturing one, and conveyed him io the lock-up, although John offered consi- derable resistance daring tho journey thither. The thievish proponsities of John Chinaman are generally well-known ¡ but it is not every day they are caught in tho midst of their ovil doings." Llouf. H. Amsinck, formerly member for West Bourke, has been promoted to the rank of captain, Royal Navy. Tho school-house at S.britopol, being the polling-place for the Winter's division of the ?South Western Province (says theHallaratStar) woslcpally opened forsuchpurposoonTuesday, punctually at nine a.m. The deputy retura ing- ofiice.'poll-clerk, and polico wore all there; but, liko tho boys from Manchestor, thoy had no work to do. Not a single vote was recorded ont of an electoral roll of three. The Bendigo Independint of yesterday Bays : -"Never since fit-h wen first intioducäd upon Bendigo has tho mnikot hod a better supply than at present. We have enormous ?cod from tho Murray, and eels ' all alive' from the Yarra. Our fruit stalls are also well sup- plied with as great a vdrloty and as good .quality as con bo obtained in the metropolis. Much of this is owing to mil way communl -cation, by which article* of a perishable nature can bo sent to our market in a few hours." " As a proof that Ballarat is not yet ex- hausted of its auriferous wraith," says the JJallarat Sun of yesterday, " we need only refer fo the fact of a clulm for twenty men's «round having yesterday been taken up on the flat nbove and behind the old Canadian Hotel. The sinking, wo aro informed, is not mole than fifty feet in depth, and the gold is found in a layer of cemeot and other mate- rial, about three feet in thickness, which pre- vious diggers appear to have loft altogether undisturbed. The results already obtained are something approaching to the marvellous times of 1853, viz., from thirteen to Qfteon pennyweight per tub " A farmers' club has boen established at Mount Gambier. The objects of this society are thus set forth by tho Border Walch : " They propose to bring the chief market of the colony within the reach of every one who grows wheat to sell, so that tho full market ?value may go into tho pecket of the first seller instead of beiDg divided with a second paiíy, «ho up till now has acted between the seller and the buyer, and very often reaped the lion's share of the profit. By establishing an agency at Port MacDonnell for receiving and shipping the wheat, and another in Melbourne for storing or soiling it, this object is accomplished. The farmer can have his wheat tbrci at such a moderate rate that he will not feel the expenso oí a few montbi slorfgu if he chose to wait for a favourable mai kel, or he can have it poid right off, and tile proceeds handed to him, if he deem the ?market suitable." The Mount Alexander Mail says:-"The lush mentioned last week, between Keast'a branch ftoro and Pengclly't!, has now become one of importance to the district of Strang -ways, Eleven moro hoirs have been bot- tomed, with payable gold, and some fifty .more holc3 commenced to sink, with every proepect of success. The owners (Messrs. Matihesin and Campbell! have been busy this morning in granting claims to many in- dustrious minerp, who show, by the way in which they pay the deposit money (£2) that they aro sanguine of success. Two extra stores aro being erected. Three blacksmiths' ehors oro already at work. The distance from Guildford is three miles, from Newstead twr, and Pickpocket, two." A man named Carl Sutter was brought beforo the Castlemaine magistrates yesterdoy, for having attempted to get out of a railway -carringehotween Malmesbury and Castlomaiue whilst running at the rato of forty miles per hour. He was discharged ; but afterwards was brought up charged with b:ing of un- sound mind, and remanded for eight days. Tho Ballarat Post of last evening says: ?" Wool is airiving in Ballarat in immense -quantities. Bullock-teams, drawn by fourtoen or sixteen head of cattle, are met with on -every road ; and this afternoon thoro were drays opposite the door of our office to which no fewer than eighty-six bullocks were attached, making the road appear like a cattle show." Mr. M'Lollan held a modtiog at Ararat on -Saturday. In the course of his Bpaech (as re- ported by tbo Ararat Advertiser), Mr. M'Lollan ?made the following observations with regard to tho Victorian Association:-"I am proud of what I did to expose this gigantic swindle. A squatter in your own dlttrict came to me one dey, holding a circular in his hand, and saylrg to me, * M'Lellan, look at this.' I did so, and found it requested all the squatters of the colony to join in asnb'cription, and that the least which would b3 taken was £100. This put me on the scent, and I took the trouble to ncertain as mu oh about it as I possibly could. I found that one gentleman tutEcribed as much as £1,C33 to tho funds of the association, and others nearly as much. "When I brought my charge in tho Hou6e I was promised support, but I waa left unsup- ported ; there were at tho time none on the ?Oprosition, and but few on the Ministerial benches. Had I b jen supported on thatoccision 7\. would havo i3iformcJ my task-no matter what came, I would have persevered, and never cived in. Thcro is one gentleman I could name who was very anxious on that cccpslon, and who was very active to count out the House ; he stood at the door on that evening, and displayed tho utmost anxiety ti» havo the count out. I say I could name him if I chose, but I may meet him in Par- liament again, and I do not care to lose my influence there with any of the members. How should I be blamed fur expo ling conduct that was blamed by tho Chief Justice? He said that men banded together for such a pur- pose Mere a disgraco to the country. In the White Hart members who were liberal wera treated with champagne, and kopt there . during the voting; telegraphs were passing between that place and the Parliament Houses, so that tho prog re ES of the busi- ness was known ? and I wished to show .who were absent on that night, but Hansard ?«ill tell that to any of you who chooso to look at it. 1 have been blamed for bringing a charge against Mr. Wilson, but I did not bring it against him so much as against the body as a whole. When the sqnatting-leaso clauses were under consideration the House was crowded with Equattors, so that mom hors could hardly get in. I know of ono in- dividual who was offered £ED, and a cab to take him away. I saw a bill for £200 that was io bo UBed on that night ; the frogmonfs ore still in Melbourne, as a memento of the nefarious transaction. I could go from case to caso, and enter into each detail, but there is no uso in doing so now. Even Minlstors of tho Crown havo said they believed every word of my accusation to be true ; and now I ask you if I am to bo blamed for exposing one of the most gigantic swindles ever per- petrated in the colony ?" The following letter, wilttan by Dr. Girdle- stone to a late constituent, was read at an election meeting at Ararat on Monday even- ing :-" 122 Collins- street cast, 6th June, 1802. -MydearFoyater,-1 have found out that the Government paity havo circulated a list to their friends (most likely the Catholics) in all the country diBtric's, t j be filled up with names of men who ore dead or who havo left the diBtrlct, and also most likely the names of men who can ha by 6omo O'S. dodge ob- jected to (on our side, of course), and thrown off the electoral roll at the last minute. I know there is a deep design in it, bocauso I have found out the men who have got it on hard, and they are men on the Government side, from whom no good can come, and keep their doings a great secret. Can you find out who has got a list from Melbourne to do any thing respecting the electoral roll? If so, what the list is, and what instructions carno with it. Watch them-they aro gotting desperate ; you know tho time for putting names on ends on the 10th inst. For paiticulars see Gazette, and apply to registrar of births office or to police office Will you make public, and get tho 'Rag' to moke PI public ai it can, the day on which objections to names on the roll will be. Some one, or several, on our sido ought to attend to see fair play. I am quite Büro some friends of O'S. mean striking off all ad- verse votes from the list that they can, in some underhand way. Show this to M'AI pine, Booth, and any mon of the right sort. We beat tho Government again last night on the Education Bill. I brought on an amend- ment, to the effect that 'laymen only' should bo on the now Educational Bmrd, and carded it by a majority of ten. Asimilar proposition was thrown out a fow nights ago by a ma- jority of one. I havo worked very hard at the Education Bill. It is now safe through committee. I inclose a bil' for giving mining boards the power to compol minors to diain reefs. I see your Pleasant Creek correspondent has written a lot of stuff about your members being silent, &c.; No fear. It has never yet been regularly before the HOUBO ; it has not yet been read a second time. Yes- terday it was not printed. If you can find out for me how it would he received by the mining community in evory district, I should feel obliged ¡ for myselt, I consider it rather a doubtful measnre. But I see it is modified, and in its present form the most objection- able features aro taken out. I would write to Mr. M'Alpine about it, only I foar he is absent from Ararat. Your?, very truly, T. M. GinDLESTONE." After the reading (says the local paper), Dr. Girdlestone came forward to speak in explanation, hut it was impossible to distinguish what he said amidst the groans and cheers of the audieuce. A scene of in- describable confusion ensued, and ultimately the meeting broke up in disorder. Mr. and Mrs. George Case gave their first day performance, for tho especial benefit of the moro juvenile portion of the community, at the Polytechnlc- Lall, yesterday after- noon. There was a very largo nudienoe, com- posed for the mo3t part of ladies and children. Tho admirable entertainment which Mr. and Mrs. Case have provided for their patrons ap- peared to bave lost none of its popularity, and it passed off most successfully from the be- ginning, In most of her varied efforts, Mrs. Case succeeded, as sho invariably does, in calling forth repeated and hearty applause. Mr. Case's concertina and violin playing were, as before, marked features of the enter- tainment. Mr. and Mrs. Case appeared again in the evening to a good hou=e. At tho Theatre Royal yesterday evening, the samo programme which has maintained its popularity during tho week wai repeabd, to the evident satisfaction of the audience. "Mairied Life" and "Aladdin" were tha pieces ployed at tho Haymarket Thoatre yes- terday evening. This evening the perform- ances will be under tho patronage of tho m ay or 3 and corporations of the metropolitan boroughs, and the comedy of" Rural Felicity" will precede the burlesque. 