SENSATIONAL SHAKESPEARE. CHARLES DICKENS has taken up the cu'lgels for the "sensation " authors, or, more properly, against the parrot-cry of '' sensation " which has been raised by the Athenæum reviewers and Saturday Reviewers against the writers of modern dramatic fiction. There may be much to censure in the beer, blood, and bigamy novelists who have recently arisen among us ; but the self-opinionated reviewers have pushed their criticism to so unwarrantable ex- tent, and have provoked a reaction. The writer in All the Year Round lays hold of the strongest weapon in his Armoury, and does battle for the sensation authors in the following admirably exact parody of the style and manner of the conceited critics of the Athenaeum and Saturday Review. Selecting Shakespeare, he proceeds to review one of his tragedies :— MACBETH. A Tragedy. By William Shakespeare.—Mr. Shakespeare is really becoming an intolerable nuisance, which it behoves all critics who have at heart the dignity, or even tho decency of let- ters, to abate by the exercise of a whole- some severity, He has no idea of tragedy apart from the merest horrors of melodrama. In his "Othello," a blackamoor smothers his wife on the stage, under the preposterous delusion of jealousy, encouraged by a gentle- manly Mephistopheles of his acquaint- ance; and then stabs himself with a hectoring speech when he finds out his mistake. In " King Lear," the accumu- lation of frightful and revolting atroci- ties is something almost beyond belief. Lear is supposed to have occupied the throne of Britain in some remote epoch beyond the dawn of authentic history. On account of a very natural and be- coming answer made him by one of his daughters, he disowns her, and after- wards, for some insufficient reason, pro- nounces a curse upon another daughter, expressed in such frightful language that we must forbear from making any further allusion to the subject. Then he goes out on to a heath in a storm, and curses things in general, his Bed- lamite ravings being varied (such are Mr. Shakespeare's notions of good taste) by the ribald jokes of a court fool, whose insanities are evidently addressed to the gallery auditors. Another character assumes to be an idiot, and with hideous jibberings makes up a pretty trio. Finally, the old king finds out that his disowned daughter is a very good girl after all, and, when she has met her death by some unluckly circum- stance (as improbable and horrific as the other incidents of the play), he brings the corpse on to the stage in his arms, " howls " over it, like a mourner at an Irish wake—literally "howls," in good downright fashion—and presently gives up the ghost, to the great relief of the reader. Besides these agreeable inci- dents, there is a good deal of slaughter- ing, and one nobleman tears out another nobleman's eyes (at the instigation of two princesses), and "sets his foot" on one of them. " Hamlet "—which a toadying clique whom Mr. Shake- speare has gathered around him affect to regard as a work of pro- found philosophy and superhuman wis- dom—is equally full of absurd and shocking incidents. We have the ghost of a murdered king; his murderous brother who succeeds him on the throne ; a queen who marries her brother-in-law ; a crack-brained young prince (whose state of mind would make him a fitting subject for a commission de lunatico inquirendo) : a maundering old gentleman whom Hamlet stabs as he listens behind the arras (one of the few reasonable things he does in the whole five acts) ; and a young lady who goes mad, and, after doddering about with straw in her hair, singing songs that are not over delicate, drowns herself by acci- dent in a horse-pond. In the last scene of this hideous burlesque of nature and probability, the Queen (Hamlet's mother) dies by a poisoned cup of wine ; the king is stabbed, and Hamlet and an enemy of his kill each other with a poisoned foil when they are fencing. As only one of the foils is poisoned, and it is necessary to the climax that both should die at once, the two combatants contrive, by some sleight-of-hand which is quite beyond our comprehension, to exchange the weapon without meaning it ! But a writer who for ever aims at startling effects must of necessity pile up the agonies in his concluding scene ; and this agglomeration of fantastic crimes will the less astonish the reader when he learns that in one scene Hamlet reviles his own mother in the most dreadful manner, and in another utters profane jokes in a churchyard while his sweetheart's grave is being dug, and tosses skulls about the stage ! So fond is Mr. Shakespeare of death in its most revolting forms that even his love story of " Romeo and Juliet" is full of slaughtering and poisoning ; while his very comedies have generally some smack of the gallows in them. We do not wish to be unfair on Mr. Shakespeare. He is not devoid of a certain ability, which might be turned to very reputable account if he only understood his own powers better. He has a good deal of native humour exaggerated, indeed, to the pitch of bur- lesque, but undoubtedly amusing; and he possesses some knowledge of the superficial parts of character, though, being evidently no scholar, he is often ridiculously vulgar in his would-be repre- sentations of gentlemen. He would do very well as a writer of farces and of show pieces ; but his injudicious friends have flattered him into the belief that he is a great tragic poet ; and hence the gory nonsense of this new drama, " Macbeth," of which we now proceed to give some account. The scene is laid in Scotland, during the reign of one Duncan, of whom En- glish readers know little and care less. The play opens, in good melodramatic (or, rather, pantomimic) fashion, with a dark scene ; thunder rolling and light- ning flashing, and three witches talking gibberish in rhyme. Were this last monstrosity of Mr. Shakespeare's fancy ever to be played at any theatre (which, however, is quite impossible), we can easily imagine the low tremulous mur- muring of fiddles to which the curtain would rise. Scene I., however, does not last above a minute, as it only consists of eight short lines. The second scene introduces us to the old king. Duncan, to whom " a bleeding soldier " relates the progress of an insurrection which has just been quelled by the valour of Macbeth. In Scene III. we return to thunder, witches, and gibberish. One of the old women compares herself to " a rat without a tail," and threatens to drain a certain mariner as " dry as hay," which induces us to suppose that she must be a skittle sharper in disguise, since the draining of sailors is generally effected by those ingenious practitioners. Presently, Macbeth comes in from the wars, and the witches hail him as Thane of Ulanna, Thane of Cawdor, and future King of Scotland. Thane of Glamis he is aiready, but to be Thane of Cawdor and King of Scotland seems to this wor- thy gentleman beyond the reach of thought. However, somebody comes in shortly afterwards, and tells Macbeth that the Thane of Cawdor being a traitor, the title has been transferred to the putter-down of traitors. This sets Mac- beth plotting how he may become a traitor on his own account, and secure the Crown for himself. He has a bold, bad woman for his wife—-a strong-minded woman, who gives us to understand that she will stick at nothing to satisfy her ambition. In very plain language, she invokes all the devils of the nether re- gions to take possession of her soul which, we dare say, they were not slow in doing. We have too much respect for our readers to reproduce the dread- ful things uttered by this she-dragon, perhaps the most unnatural character that even Mr. Shakespeare's lurid and unhealthy imagination has ever con- ceived. Suffice it to say, that she eggs on her husband to murder Duncan, which, after a good deal of hesitation proceeding rather from cowardice than conscience—and some idiotic ravings about an " air-drawn dagger," which he elegantly describes as being covered with " gouts of blood," he ac- complishes in the dead of night, and lays the blame on the king's sleeping atten- dants. Afterwards he kills these atten- dants to conceal his own guilt, and in thc next act we find him king. But Macbeth, fearing that the crown will in time come to one Banquo, and his son Fleance, commissions " two mur- derers " to make away with those individuals. There is something so homicidal and Newgate-Calendarish about Mr. Shakespeare's mind, that he seems actually to have persuaded him- self that there was at one time in Scot- land a set of men who followed murder as a trade or profession, and to whom people applied in the ordinary course of business whenever they wished to get rid of an inconvenient rival, while feeling too squeamish or too dignified to do the work for themselves. The men in ques- tion have no names, but are simply described as " First Murderer " and " Second Murderer." Our Scottish brethren are never slow to resent an insult to their country, and we, there- fore, confidently leave in their hands the chastisement of Mr. Shakespeare's ig- norant impertinence. Well, the mur- derers dispatch Banquo, but manage to let Fleance escape ; and in a subsequent scene we have Macbeth, his queen, and their courtiers seated at a banquet, at which the ghost of Banquo makes his appearance with " gory locks," and sits down to table, as if he had designs upon the meat and drink. This unlooked for visitor greatly alarms the tyrant, who ' makes faces" at the spectre, foams at him, and remarks that, inasmuch as he can " nod " (which seems a strange oc cupation for a phantom), he may as well " speak too." The ghost prudently de- clines to give tongue (in this respect more merciful than the ghost of Hamlet's father, who is cruelly verbose) ; and Macbeth laments his liability to such visitations in this graceful and feeling manner :— The times have been That, when the brains were out, the man would die And there an end ; but now they rise again. With twenty mortal murders on their crowns, And push us from our stools. We have no wish to invade the sanctities of private life, but we have heard that Mr. Shakespeare's father was a butcher, and we can certainly very readily believe that the son was brought up in a slaughter-house, and thus acquired a practical knowledge of what commonly results after " the brains are out," as well as a tendency to delight in sanguinary subjects. In Act IV. we discover the three witches in a gloomy cavern, preparing a a " hell broth " in a large caldron. The filthy and disgusting ingredients of this broth are inflicted on the reader with abominable minuteness, for nothing is too nasty for Mr. Shakespeare's muse. However, it does not appear that the broth, or " gruel "—for it is described by both words—is intended for con- sumption, but only for conjuration. Macbeth having entered to consult the witches, " an armed head," " a bloody child," and "a child crowned, with a tree in his hand," (Query : a Christmas tree ?), rise out of the caldron, as birds, bouquets, and bon-bons emerge from the magic hat of M. Robin or Herr Frikell. These apparitions address Macbeth in some highly ambiguous language, and then follows a vision of eight kings, " the last with a glass in his hand," which is unpleasantly suggestive of the Cyder Cellars at four o'clock in the morning. After this caverous scene we are tran- sported to the castle of Lady Macduff, where the Murderers come in again, stab a son of her ladyship, and pursue the mother, who makes her exit, crying " Murder !"—and we are afterwards given to understand that she and all her young ones and servants are slaughtered. Then comes a little breathing space between Acts IV. and V. ; but no sooner is the drop scene up for the last division than we are introduced to Lady Macbeth walking in her sleep, muttering about the murder of Duncan (which by this time has been almost borne out of remembrance by the flood of later catastrophes), feigning to wash her hands, informing us that " hell is murky," and remarking that no one would have "thought the old man to have had so much blood in him !" The catastrophe now fast approaches, and we may hurry on to it with little ceremony. The queen dies (off the stage, we are happy to say), and an insurrection being got up against the usurper, Macbeth is slain after a terrific combat with Macduff, who cuts off his head (behind the scenes) and brings it in "on a pole !" Mutual congratulations, flourish, and curtain falls. And this stuff is called a tragedy. Why, it is a rank melodrama, of the old Coburg fashion. Mr. Shakespeare is behind his time. Twenty years ago, in the days of Hicks and " Winsunt," he would have been a powerful rival to the authors who supplied the late Mr. Osbal diston with the dramas of the New Cut. But even the most uneducated audiences have now outgrown such vulgar horrors. Does Mr. Shakespeare imagine for one moment that any theatre in London or the provinces would produce such a play as this ' Macbeth." It would be hissed off the boards before the end of the first act. And even should it obtain a temporary success, would not posterity explode with laughter at such a specimen of the literature of our epoch?— if indeed, posterity cared to trouble itself at all about Mr. Shakespeare and his writings. The best advice we can give this gentle man is to turn a deaf ear to his flat- terers, and endeavour, if possible, to compose something quiet, simple, and natural. Though it ia forbidden the genius of our nation and our language to produce an Æschylus, we may at least emulate his good taste in removing mur- der from the stage ; and though we may never be able to scale the heights of moral grandeur familiar to the intellect of Sophocles, we can at any rate refrain from outraging decency and sense. We say to Mr. Shakespeare in plain lan- guage, "This will not do. You may think it very fine, and fools may be found to tell you so ; but however rough our speech, we are your true friends, and we repeat that IT WON'T DO !" A BTTMOTTa ia freely circulated about town, that certain influential politicians in the Opposi- tion interest, and certain ancient enemies of the member for Fortitude Valley, in their own interest, hare begun to incite the residents of that electorate to a movement for the purpose of causing Mr. Lilley to resign his Brat in the Assembly, We were expectant of this hostility to Ur. Litter bresting out at the first con- venient opportunity. We know that it. has existed for a long time, eren amongst some of the professed admirers of the politics of his side of the li ouse, and that the moment an excuse could be found for doing so he would be thrown overboard. Since the opening of the present session, the colours he has shown liare been narrowly wa td led, and be is no longer thought ultra enough, becuusr he has thought fit to sit on tile cross benches and -vote now with tiie Ministry, and now with the Opposition. It is a poor part to play, that of binding oneself either by word or act to either, and is pretty sure to récrire a poor return. Mr. lilley is to be requested to attend a public meeting, so the «tory goes, and then and there is to be taxed with his supposed backsliding* ; or as others hatti it, the meeting is to be summoned, and in accordance with ancient custom, Hr. lilley is to be tried, cou^einned, and sentence oí outlawry pronounced against him then and there, lt is not likely, howerer, that Mr. LtUey's services will be lost to tlie colony, as we understand another constituency is well disposed to offer him a seat BS soon as one of the measures now before the House becomes law. ,-Guardia*. J 