AMERICA. PROGRESS OF THE CIVIL "WAB. | I THfl barque" Amateur, arrived at Sydney, brines San Francisco papers to the 25ih of April. k The telegraphic news from "Washington and New York, via California, comes down to the 23rd, beiDg nine dayB later than our direct advices by ibo English April mail. Adverting to the aspect of affair?, in relation to the approaching B*ru?gle in Virginia—for which the contending parties were mustering their forces—the Evening Bulletin of the 23rd remarks :— Very naturally the loyal people of the States grow nervous ?s the crisis approaches. They expect to hear soon the crssh of conflicting armies. More than ever before, since the war began, the fate of the Confederacy and the prospects of peace seem to hang on the issue of the next great battle. It is among the possibilities that the collision may come and pa»a, and neither party be fatally affrcted by it. Should the armies of Grant and Lee, Thomas and Johnston meet and the Tesultbe no victory for the Union, while it would pro duce great political commotion, and, perhaps 1' pitch overboard some officers who seem to stand firmly on their feet now, yet no ons dte&ms; that ia the worst imagisafcle wot the Government would retreat from its determi nation to fight the thing through to final suc cess, or, that if the Government faltered, the* people .would not givo the Administration its . walking papers, and replace it with a firxn-r and still more warlike one. Possibly we have-not allowed enough for the pluck and endurance of the rebels—pos sibly the less of Richmond and of the interior of Georgia would not ciuse the Confederacy to roll its belly up towards the sun and give up the ghost. The Confederacy is a monster among Governments, and it is exceedingly dif ficult when you catch a fish the like of which never before swam, to tell where its seat of life is. This anomalous concern which, starting on and never forsaking its faith in slavery as a divine institution, yet with slavery a putrifying corpse at its feet, fights now for the personal liberality of its leaders, has certainly a strange tenacity of life. A highly organised animal generally dies when its heart is pierced—this concern more resembles tbat species of tortoise whose jaws snap maliciously even after its heart is chopped fine and is gone with its tenderer parts to swell the ample proportion of some fat alderman. But even the snapping turtle abates his vigour Bnd gives up trying to live when you have turned all his flesh into soup and pounded his head flat. That is what Grant is preparing' to do, and what he iB expected to do to the Confederacy as the season advances. No one in the country has studied' more practically the strength and weakness of the Confederacy than Grant. He knows what limbs are already dead, what need one more stab to paralyse them, to what quarters the vitality is fied^ and between what ribs to strike to reach and spill it He has boundless resources of men and materials to do his work with. It would be no strange thing if by the Fourth of July the war were substantially ended. Of course it cannot be unless the campaigns now organising are suc cessful, and as no mortal has power to predict the issues of even the most promising cam paign, and as the event of every battle depends more or less upon influences beyond human control, there is an unusual nervousness felt as to the event, especially of the next Virginia campaign. Banks' set-back on the Red River was a very serious thing for the General command ing, and its cost was great in lives and muni tions of war. Any defeat is sincerely- to be regretted, yet the success of Banks' expedi tion to Texas, however desirable, is not vital. It was undertaken rather as a supplement to last year's programme—a concluding essay of the anaconda policy than as any portion of this spring's plan, which aims at the centre to stab rather than by winding around the cir cumference to crush. Nor is it yet settled^ bad as our men were bandied there, that the rebels did not suffer about as much; nor that Banks' expedition is more than temporarily checked. The rebels feel the necessity of some demon stration in North Carolina Governor Vance not only fears the consequences of permitting the men of his State to meet in convention, but dare< not even allow the Legislature an extra session lest the representatives of the people bolt from the Confederacy. The pros pect of meagre crops, threats of instant starvation, exorbitant prices, and an utter dis gust with Jeff Davis' tyranny and ihe war that has come of it, make North Carolina a broken bone in the side of the Confederacy. Satisfied that she will not be quiet ui less there is some show of relief for her, the rebels lately made a desperate effort to expel the Union troops from near the mouth of the Roonok river, but were repulsed with great slaughter. The Governments of the loyal Western Bolder States are taking steps to defend their territory from the inroads of such raidsters as Forrest. They propose a plan which will call off none of the veterans needed in the great armies of Grant. They ask the President to call out 100,000 volunteers from their States. Whether complied with or not, the request shows a gratifying disposition on the part of the States to leave their veterans whore the greatest need of them is, and to defend by other means their homeB threatened with in vasion. On the whole, though no unmistakable movement toward a collision has yet been made in Virginia, there is renewed activity along all our lines, and there are abundant symptoms that the great and bloody struggle on which so much depends is not long to be postponed. 