THE THEATRES. THEATRE ROYAL. A crowded house assembled at this theatre on Saturday evening to witness the first part of "Henry IV. ; or the Battle of Shrewsbury," which was distinguished among the series of Shaks pearian revivals brought out at the Royal with such magnificent accessories some few months ago. The piece was aided by the same scenic splendor that attended its first production, and the performance was equally brilliant and complete throughout. There were, however, one or two alterations in the cast formerly employed, the more noticeable of which were Mr Barry Sullivan's assumption of Hotspur, before played by Mr Robert Heir ; and Mr Lambert's impersonation of Falstaff, of which Mr Sullivan gave so excellent a representation on the previous occasion referred to. Most of the remain ing prominent characters had their old representa tives. " Henry IV.," one of the greatest of Shaks peare's historical plays, holds a very high posi tion in popular favor, from the admirable ad mixture of the tragic and comic element it pre sents — the former finding its chief representative in Hotspur and the latter in Falstaff, both characters being given about equal prominence. Though Mr Sullivan's Hotspur is not his greatest impersona tion, it is one of his most unexceptionable perform ances. The fiery temper and impetuosity of Percy, which led to the rebellion of the barons, and its suppression by the success of the King's arms at the Battle of Shrewsbury, his knightly honor and chivalrous bearing, were all represented with an admirable truth and vigor, and a grace of action in perfect keeping with the traditions of his personal prowess. Mr Fitzgerald's Prince of Wales showed a vast improvement upon his earlier essays in that line of character. In the midst of the wildest escapades of the Prince, a distinguished, com manding, generous and ingratiating deportment was always preserved, and in his amusing quips and banter with " the gross fat man" he sustained the fun with the most hilarious gaiety and volubility. The leading traits of the character were preserved throughout with consistency, and the polish of courtly accomplishments was never allowed to sink into buffoonery. Mr Lambert's Falstaff of the " Merry Wives of Windsor" must be fresh in the recollection of most theatre goers as a great success. The perpetual merriment of the humorous knight se cured the sympathies of his auditors for his foibles, and his delivery of the endless gibes and jokes, odd similitudes and quirkish reasons, which make up so much of the character, with his affected sim plicity and presumptuous bluntness, was mirth moving in the extreme, while his appearance only was a source of merriment. Mr Ireland's imper sonation of the King was dignified, well conceived, and evidently the result of careful study. Mrs R. Heir, as Lady Percy, acted the one trilling scene in which she appears naturally ; and Mrs Alfred Phil lips did full justice to the part of the Hostess. The remainder of the characters were represented as follows : — Earl of Worcester, Mr Harwood ; Earl of Westmorland, Mr Harlowe ; Earl of Northum berland, Mr James ; Douglas, Mr Roberts ; Sir Richard Vernon, Mr Gladstone; Sir Walter Blunt, Mr Seymour; Poins, Mr J. Edouin ; Bardolph, Mr Charles Young ; Francis, Mr W. Andrews ; Gads hill , Mr Fenton ; Peto, Mr W. Edouin ; Sheriff, Mr Ford. The parts were all meritoriously filled, and Mr J. Edouin as Poins aided much the success of the comic scenes, in which the Prince put his tricks on the fat knight. The performance as a whole was brilliantly successful, and we have seldom seen a more skilful display of fencing than that exhi bited in the fatal encounter between Hotspur aud the Prince. At the fall of the curtain there was a general call for Mr Sullivan and Messrs Lambert and Fitzgerald. The performances concluded with a new farce, by Messrs Brough and Halliday, entitled " The Area Belle." It was re ceived with the most uproarious merriment, and proved a genuine success. The farce is illustrative of high life below stairs, and the fun of the piece turns upon the difficulties arising in consequence of " missus" having returned home unexpectedly, one evening, while Pitcher , a policeman, and Tosser, a grenadier, with the traditionary penchant for cold mutton, are paying their devoirs to Penelope, the presiding divinity of an area in a fashionable quarter of London. The kitchen was capitally fitted up, having the customary brick copper, with water pipes above. One of the most amusing incidents is the forcing of the policeman into this copper, to escape discovery, and the subsequent filling of the copper with water and lighting of the fire under neath by the mistress, during the absence of Penelope. The latter, seeing the vapor issue from the copper, believes her Pitcher boiled ; and, on making search for his remains, finds nothing but his hat and a few rags. Tosser comes out of another hiding place to condole with her on the loss of her rival, when both are startled by the appearance of the supposed ghost of the departed, who had escaped from his heated prison house, secreted himself under the table, and by enveloping himself in the supper cloth, and rising upon the table, got up an impromptu apparition as alarming as any of Pro fessor Pepper's. The farce is full of amusing situa- tions, the dialogue abounds with the most extrava gant puns, and it will no doubt have a successful career. The five characters, the one not before mentioned being Walker Chalks, a milkman, were sustained with characteristic humor by Messrs Charles Young, R. Stewart, W. Andrews, Miss Rose Edouin, and Miss Allen. The performances will be repeated this evening. THE HAYMARKET. The attractive entertainments of Friday evening — the two first acts of " I Puritani," and " The Lily of Killarney — were repeated here on Saturday. The house was again crowded, and there was a unanimous verdict of approval upon the merits of the new opera. Encores were numerous, and Messrs Wharton, Beaumont, F. Lyster, aud Mdlle. Rosalie Durand were as successful in their respec tive characters as on the previous evening. His Excellency the Governor, and Miss Darling, were present. The performances to- night will be for the benefit of Madame Lucy Escott, when the first four acts of " Les Huguenots," and the third act from " Faust," will be given. THE PRINCESS'S. The success of Barlow and the Campbell Minstrels, in their varied entertainment at this theatre, during the past week, has induced the management to repeat it for six nights more. Among the novelties announced are playing upon Chinese instruments, the Ariel Chorus, &c.;, in addition to the drawingroom entertainment and the " Blue-tail'd Fly." In Wisconsin, a Mormon priest made a nerve and bone all-healing salve, and thought he would experiment a little upon it. He first cut off his dog's tail and applied some of the salve to the stump. A new tail grew out immediately. He then applied some to the piece of tail which he cut off, and a new dog grew out. He didn't know which dog was which. — American paper. 