THE SHARSPEARE TERCEN TENARY. The Stratford-upon-Avon Tercentenary cde bration offers a brilliant contrast to the miserable and humiliating failure of the London Committee. The town, while we write, is crowded. Houses and lodgings even in War wick, Leamington, and other neighbouring places have mounted to an alarming" figure, and nearly alt the places are taken for nearly all the performances, Unserving details for our next number, we will for the present content our selves with presenting the main features of the programme. The festival was inaugurated on the 23rd of April by a banquet in the Pavilion, at which Lord Carlisle presided, followed by a display of fireworks at night. On the 24th (Sunday) there were two sermons, one preached by the Archbishop of Dublin, and the other by theBishopofSt. Andrew's. Yesterday (Monday) in the morning the "Messiah" was given, and in the evening there was a grand miscellaneous concert. To-day is to be given up to excursions to Charlecote, Hampton Lucy, and other Shak sperian localities, and in the evening the Hay. market Company will perform " Twelfth Sight." To-morrow morning there will be readings from Sbakspeare (but by whom does not appear), and in the evening the Princess's Company will give representations of "Borneo and Juliet," Juliet by Mdlie. Stella Colas, and the " Comedy of Errors," the.two Dromios by the Brothers Webb. These have been substi tuted for the Hamlet of Mr. Fechter. On Thursday there will be a concert of instrumental music and glees from Shakspeare's plays, and in the evening a performance of" As You lake , If." Friday is to be devoted to the ball, for i wbicb our modistes and tailors have been studying the costumes of the characters of Shakspeare's plays for months past; and on Saturday, for those who still remain at Strat ford beyond the week, there will be a series of popular entertainments in the Pavilion. On Monday, May 2, Mr. Coxwell's balloon aecentis to take place, and there will he a j full dress ball in the evening. On Tuesday j j there will be a performance of " Othello," i end en Wednesday of " Much Ado About Nothing"—both under the superintendence , of Mr. Creswick. Here, at least, is a Shake- I peri&n; banquet in such- good taste, and displaying such prodigal liberality, as to reflect. honour on the town which has the glory of I having given Shakspeare birtb. _ I The banquet, which was held in the Pavilion ■ on the birthday, and which inaugurated the fes tival in Stratford-upon-Avon, was a special suc cess. Lord Carlisle, presided and was strongly supported. The whole of the vast picturesque interior was crowded. In the course of the morning, Max Muller had presented an address to the Mayor and Corporation from the City of Frankfort, and in the evening another address from the Free German Hochstift at Frankfort was read by Profe3Bor Leitner, of King's College, attended by Dr. KarlDaumann and Dr. Heinricli Broekhaus. The speeches and the characteristic uiusic of the evening passed off with brilliant effect. The two marked speeches of the evening were delivered by Lord Carlisle and Mr. Creswick. On the following day (Sunday) the congregations at the church were of unparalleled magnitude. The sermon, preached by the Arehbishop of Dublin, was an elaborate eulogy of Shaks peare, occupying nearly an hour. In London, the only public celebration con sisted of a shabby procession of working men who went to Primrose Hill to plant an oak from Windsor Forest in honour of Shakspeare. Handbills bad been sent about, and dropped into areas, begging aid and attendance; but the gathering was the most contemptible and ridiculous probably ever witnessed in a metro polis which can count up more failures in this way than, prohably, any other in the world. The " distinguished" company collected on the ground consisted of Mr. Paul Bedford, "Mr. Toole, Mr. Hepworth Dixon, and Mrs. Hep worth Dixon, Dr. W, Marston, and a few more. Mr. S. Phelps planted the tree, a lady christened it, and then the crowd, having, as it turned out, really collected for a very different pnrpsse, formed themselves into an indignation meeting about Garibaldi. From this intention, however, they were driven by the police, and the Great National Committee which commenced a few months ago by in sulting Thackeray very nearly gave up the ghost in the station-house. 