NEW ZEALAND. The special correspondent of the Melbourne Herald, writing from head quarters, Ngaruawahia, on the 15th December, says : — ' General Cameron is still in Auckland, whither he has proceeded for the purpose of conferring with His Excellency and his responsible advisers, as to the course proper to be pursued with regard to the further prosecution of the war in Waikato, or the recognition of the terms of peace held out by the natives. Several letters have passed batween Pene Pukewhau (Te Wharepu) and the vroveruur, tuning reierence vo peace proposals, due whether the Government will consider the sacrifices offered by the natives as sufficient, has not at present been made apparent. The Maories say they will give up their arms and submit to the confiscation of land provided that they are allowed to return to their settlements. Such was their first cry after the repulse at Rangariri, when all their principal chiefs were either placed horsde combat or led into captivity ; but since then they seem slightly to have recovered from their first wail and to ask for still better terms. The Auckland people are not at the same time thinking of satisfying themselves with any insignifi cant quantity of hind. They can very quietly sit at home and cry out for hind ' to pay the expenses of the war.' They are quite prepared to propose the most impracticable schemes, but would never dream of carrying them out. Their rapacity knows no bounds, and the one feeling which animates them is to keep the troops still in the province, for they know full well that on their departure, Auckland, with the seat of Government removed ' somewhere in Cook's Straits,' will be reduced to an insignificant position amongst the other and more rising provinces in the Middle Island. But while General Cameron is to a great extent hampered in his operations, he, as the commander of the forces, at all times exercises a wise discretion, and does not hesitate to protest and raise his voice in the councils against that to which he dis agrees, or which he in any way considers impracti cable. I do not mean to say that he is in any way interfered with as to his actual military move ments, but there are various difficulties which have to be dealt with. Sir George Grey is expected up here in the course of two or three days, and it is antioipated that he will then, according to the terms of his letter, ' talk ' to the Maories, and hear what they have got to say in support of their application for peace. 'Everything is particularly quiet in camp, and, from all appearances, there seems a likelihood of our remaining here now for some little time, as there are great difficulties in the way of transporting pro visions. The king's palace has been swept and gar nished. Old Potatau's grave is kept sacred, and by the General considered tapu; but the tiWes of Potatau no longer rest there, as it has now been ascertained that the Ngatimaniapotos stole them away while the Waikatos were fighting at Rangiriri. A large redoubt is being constructed, capable of holding three companies of infantry and a consider able store of provisions. The redoubt, which is being put up under the superintendence of Col. Mould, R.E., is made of. the usual materials employed on this species of fortification, viz., fern and earth laid in layers, so that by compression both are bound together and form a solid wall impenetrable for bullets, while the parapets around it are sufficiently broad to prevent an enemy from scaling the walls. Lt.-Col. Gamble, the Deputy Quartermaster General, is absent from here lor the purpose of securing a proper mode of transit for supplies, and for tnis purpose a number of boats are being built of such a draught as to be able to pass the submerged forest. ' One of the great advantages of the New Zealand country (and they are few) is the ample water supply. In nearly all parts of the country creeks and rivers are to be met with. Plenty of water close to a camp is a desideratum. Here we have the choice of two rivers, situated within a few yards of each other, both offering equal inducements to bathers — deep, clear, and smooth, with the banks soft and sandy. The country round about Ngaruawahia presents no special features to make it differ from the generality of the New Zealand country. There is little or no heavy timber, plenty of fern and high ti-tree, with here and there patches of cultivation laid down in wheat, Indian corn, and potatoes, principally the latter. A great part of the land beyond Ngaruawahia and between this and Watawata, is of good quality, but the best is to be found in patches. All the potatoes are fast disappearing, as the fatigue parties are daily sent out to gather this our only vegetable. 'The question has repeatedly been asked — who is to succeed Colonel Pitt in command of the 1st Waikato regiment ? But to this question, though often put, there is, as yet, no response, and I may here beg leave to record the disappointment felt in fbe regiment at the loss of their Colonel, who iw always regarded by both officers and men with affectionate regard and feelings of respect. Lieutenant Nunnmgton, one of the foremost officers who joined in Melbourne, I believe, has resigned ; the reason is to me unknown ; but I strongly imagine that his grievance has some reference to promotion, to which he long since considered himself entitled. Captain Gold Smith and Lieutenant Dunne are still located at Henderson's Redoubt, Upper Wairoa; Captaiu Fraser, at Pukekohe ; Lieutenant Wallace, who has the most comfortable quarters of any, at Martin's farm. Captain Skene is at Mauku, and the other Victorian officers distributed in the different militia districts. As far as I am able to say all the men over here are comfortable and contented; but many of them would be more so if they could only have their wives and families with them. A portion of the new scheme propounded by Colonel Pitt was to bring over tha wives and families of those already settled here, and those about to enlist under the regulations, and also to give the men on joining three months' pay in advance. To carry out these arrangements Colonel Pitt was authorisad to proceed to the expenditure of £60,000 if necessary. I think it would require in ducements like these in order to secure any number of military settlers from Victoria, and it would require somebody having the influence of Colonel Pittj and a person as well known and respected as he is, to carry out such a scheme in a successful manner. 'With the reinforcements recently arrived the Lieut-General has now some 8,000 Imperial troops under his command. The regiments at present quar tered in New Zealand are the 12th, 14th (second battalion), 18th, 40th, 43rd, 50th, 57th, 65th, and 70th, while the 68th are shortly expected from. Rangoon.' The special correspondent of the Southern Cross, writing from Ngamawahia on the 17th, says : — The Pioneer arrived this evening, having on board General Cameron and staff. His Excellency did not come, as was reported he would. A quantity of stores, sufficient for about ten days' consumption, was also brought up by the steamer, and landed at the Com missariat stores. The redoubt which was commenced hist week is now in a very forward state, aud is of considerable size, and situated near the point, the flagstaff being taken in at one of the corner angles. From the stock of provisions that have arrived, I anticipate that a further move is shortly to take place, but in which direction I am unable to say. 'The official despatch of General Cameron com municating his approach to and capture of Ngnrna wading have been published, but adds nothing to what was previously known, as have also those of Colonel Carey, commanding the Thames expedition, to the General, who says: — 'The object of the expedition has been accomplished, a line of military posts having been established and the communication opened between the Firth of the Thames and the river Waikato.' Military posts have been established at Pukorokoro and elsewhere. The despatch from the camp near Paparata, 5th December, says : — ' Sir — T have the honor to report, for the information of the Lieutenant-General commanding, that the remainder of the force under my command (after establishing posts at Pukorokoro — Miranda Redoubt, and atMaiapu, Esk Redoubt), reached this yesterday evening, and encamped within a few hundred yards of the Paparata Stockade. A portion of the force marched to the latter place this afternoon (having been prevented from doing so by heavy rain in the morning), cut down the stockade and set fixe to the whares, which were capable of holding some 700 natives. The enemy must have evacuated the place some time since. The position is not one suited for a redoubt, being commanded by a hill in rear, with a deep wooded gully intervening. It is likewise out of the direct line of communication ' from the other Thames posts to the Waikato posts, and not visible from the Esk redoubt. I have therefore decided on building a redoubt on this hill, which commands a fine view of the country as far as the Waikari Lake, including the Queen's Redoubt and adjacent poBts on the west, and 'Esk ' Redoubt and a portion of the Thames Firth on the east ; thug *» system of telegraph by signal may be at once esta& hshed between the Thames and the Waikato.' The Star, referring to the subject of the forth coming All-England match at Ballarat, expresses its anticipation of a ' splendid spectacle.' It describes the Grand Stand as 300 feet long, with seats four deep, and a level promenade at the rear capable of containing 1,500 persons, and suggests the reduction of the entrance fee from 2s. 6d., at which it has been fixed, to Is. Our contemporary continues : — ' We understand that the Ballarat twenty-two will include S. Cosstick, J. Bryant, and Butter worth ; but the team has not yet been chosen, though the sooner the names are known now the better. It is said that arrangements will most likely-be made in Victoria to retain one of the All-England champions as a tutor for the Melbourne club, the success of the Sydney eleven being in a great measure attributed to the admirable, coaching Laurence has given them' Jackson is spoken of, we believe, as a likely man for Victoria, though we have heard old cricketers hint a liking for Julius Cae3ar as an equally capable in structor.' Messrs. Harvey and Chittenden, two of the members of the clever Campbell Minstrels, who are now per forming in Adelaide, took their benefit at the Victoria Theatre on Monday evening, when, we are glad to say, there was a very full house. The performances were under the patronage of Sir James Fisher, who with several members of his family was present. A long and varied programme was presented, and the different pieces were performed with great success and loud applause. Mr. Harvey sang in his best style, Dick Sandford danced admirably, and Billy Bent kept up the comic business with immense spirit. Among the performances of the evening which deserve special mention was a solo on the harp, an instrument which one very seldom hears now-a-days, by Mr. Marriott, whose execution of a popular air, with variations, was exceedingly skilful, and. received a well-deserved encore. Several local hits on recent occurrences told well, aud wera re ceived with thundering applause. Altogether the evening's entertainment was decidedly the best given by the Campbell Minstrels in Adelaide. A Ghost Club. — Among the oddities of the day is the establishment of a ghost club — not, as might be supposed, a club for the assemblage of genial spirits, but an institution for the organised research into the possibility of a traveller returning from those bournes to which we all look forward with interest. The club is in downright earnest, as may be gathered from the fact that the committee advertise for a ' haunted house,' one whose reputation is well authenticated. Doubtless the answers will be nume rous ; and if, after minute research, the committee of the Ghost Club succeed in re-establishing the respect ability of the hitherto supposed haunted mansions, by proving the charge unfounded, their labours will be largely useful, as the number of so- called haunted houses that are closed and have gone to decay in and about town, under this mouldering and blighting reputation is ridiculously large. We know of half a dozen such. The reader wishing a plea sant drive out of the suburbs may choose Finchley-road, and just before the corner of the road, made celebrated by the halt of the Woman in White — namely, that diverging to Frognal and West Hampstead — he will see a stately ruin imbedded in trees, quite in the ghostly style. This place, we believe, bears the reputation of being the habitation of a ghost, and is, doubtless, at the service of the Club, though the old keeper, who receives the gratuity of the credulous Inspector, pooh-poohs the idea, if not the profit it raises. It has, however, its bit of real romance, well vouched for by this cicerone — namely, the walling in of a wife for two years, without her seeing a ray of light from heaven, or the- aspect of her fellow-beings. This is the story the person tells, and gives very minute particulars of many other matters highly interesting to the gobemouehe, with the name of The Bluebeard, which is one not new to fortune and to fame. — Court Journal. A Cheap-Jack. — ' Stamford market was lately Aisited by one of those scheming individuals who obtain a living by their own audacity and the stupidity of others. Persons are often duped and swindled in most extraordinary ways, but never before has so barefaced a trick been heard of in Stamford as the one practised on the gobemouches ou last market day. A fellow who possessed the ' gift of the gab' to perfection, with the greatest sangfroid commenced his harangue by telling the bystanders he had visited the town for the express purpose of deceiving whoever he could, and he wished to see whether the Stamfordians in 1863 were greater dolts than their ancestors in the fourteenth century. Ha then proceeded to sell one or two sovereigns for 19s., and a few shillings for lOd. each. He afterwards pulled a hair from his head, and asked if any one would give him 6d. for it. A person in the crowd ventured to buy it, and the man presented the pur chaser with a shilling. Having by these means and the distribution of some pence, aud a great deal of talk, raised the expectations and good humor of the crowd, he thought it time to begin business on his own account. He purchased about twenty-five matches for 6d., and offered them for sale at Is. each. The lookers on, no doubt thinking he was about to perform the same liberal act as in the case of the hair, eagerly clamoured for the matches, and in a very few minutes twenty were disposed of. The mau then asked if they were all satisfied with their bargain. One individual said he was not, and the fellow answered: — 'Then you'll get nothing' Turning to the others, he asked if' they were satisfied ? ' Yes,' was the immediate reply. ' Then so am I,' was the rejoinder ; and throwing a few coppers amongst the crowd to clear the way, he walked to the railway station, a gainer of 15s. or 16s. by his ? deception.* He said at the station he scarcely expected the people of Stamford would prove suoh fools.'— Qraritham Journal, 