j THEATRICALS, fcc. r -.-PRINCE .OF w;AT.lSS.y » ; " . ' ' Tile success attending the product iou "of the Octoroon on Saturday night Inst; enabled the management to keep it in the bills, during tho first titree nights of this week, and in conjunction .withîtlio fiirco of^ "\Thg Spectre Bridegroom il drew nutnoroUsaiiäfjtslnonameTaudüince», Hr Jefferson aj Salomi Sindder gave another of those er quisite delineations of Yankee character which are to peculiarly his own, and unappronched by any other actor and though the character differs materially from that of Asa Trenchard in " Our American Cousin" it is rendered with equal fidelity to'naturc. Mr Jackson deserres the highest praise for his clever and humourous personation of " Uncle.Pete," wluch is in its way, as excellent a speci- men of character- acting as we ever remember witnessing. Burford «vas an equally admirable MeClosky, in fact tra imagine the part could not be better played. Bartlett particularly distinguished himself by his impressive and dignified personation of the Indian VTàh-no-tee, which was all the moro, commendable that the- part was not la- the line of business he usually plays, so effectively. "Zoe" was charmingly and feelingly sustained by. Miss. "Joej" Miss Lockhart nnd Mrs Crosby were respectively un- exceptionable. The old farce of the " Spectre Bride- groom" with Jefferson, us'thc ghost-stricken Diggory, and ltogcrj as Aldwinkle went off with roars. On Thursday and Friday Mr Jefferson appeared in the evèr-accoptabl» Rip Van Winkle, and Miss Joey na " Nan the Good for Nothing," two, perhaps of the most characteristic im- personations ever witnessed in one night on the same Sydney stage. This evening "The Cricket on the Hearth" with Mr Jefferson as Caleb Plummer, and Miss Gougen heim as Dot, with the farce of " Lend rae 5s." will constitute the entertainments. We see that Wednesday next is set apart for the benefit of Miss Gougenlicim. when we doubt not this favorite and accompiishad actress will receive the ample tribute due toiler exertions i and talents. - 