European Intelligence to the 26th December. The approach of Christmas is generally marked by a lull in the political world, and, notwithstanding the urgent topics that are abroad, and the anxious questions that are waiting solution at the point of the sword, the present season is no ex- ception. It is, indeed, rather more dull than usual. Our budget of intelligence contains scarcely a single event of higher interest than a prize fight, or a barbarous murder, of which latter sensational class of incidents, we are sorry to say there are several examples. Love and drink appear to be the chief inspirations of the brutal deeds that are done in this way amongst the English, and a glance at our columns will show that they still hold their influence over our gloomy popula- tion. The finding of the Court, martial in the case of Colonel Crawley will not surprise our readers. It will be seen that the ac- quittal is complete and conclusive. No man ever came out of a court-martial with a more triumphant testimony to character. Yet, nevertheless, this is a verdict which, however just it may be, and we do not dispute its justice, will not entirely appease the public feeling. That no question was permitted to be raised on the legality of the arrest had the effect of shielding Colonel Crawley from any con- sequences to which he might have been liable, assuming the arrest to have been illegal, as alleged in the reply, is doubt- less. We willingly acquiesce in the ver- dict, and are glad to get rid of the scandal. But it would be idle to attempt to con- ceal that the public mind is not quite contented, and that such points as we have indicated ought to be cleared up, so as to leave nothing in obscurity. Possibly the Commander-in-Chief may set all doubts at rest in his remarks on the case, and supply explanations which were be- yond the province of the court-martial. In our domestic politics there are some small events that give temporary occupa- tion to idlers, and produce considerable discussion while they are before the pub- lic. One of these is a quarrel between Mr. Cobden and the ' Times.' It is the time when members of Parliament ad- dress country audiences for the sake of airing their oratory, and on one of these occasions Mr. Bright delivered a stunning speech at Rochdale, bearing amongst other things, upon the comparative con- dition of the rich and poor in this coun- try, The ' Times ' declared that Mr. Bright advocated a course of legislation which should have the effect of dividing the lands of the rich amongst the poor ; and Mr. Cobden, losing his temper, de- nounced the ' Times ' as a literary assassin, and fell foul of the system of anonymous journalism by which men were protected in saying things which they would not dare to say in their own names. All this was of course, quite be- side the real question at issue, which Mr. Cobden never touched at all ; but it led to a much more interesting collision. The editor of the ' Times ' declined to insert Mr. Cobden's letter, because it abounded in unwarrantable personal abuse ; and then Mr. Cobden addressed Mr. Delane, the editor of the ' Times ' by name, re- iterating in a highly truculent fashion his charges against the baseness and cor- ruption of the anonymous system. To this ill-conditioned letter Mr. Delane sent a calm and dignified reply, which has terminated the controversy to the total discomfiture of the original assailant. The Emperor of the French is intent upon the pacification of the globe, and is adopting measures for the purpose which cannot fail to bring about fresh distur- bances. The new state of things he is unconsciously urging into shape is a league of small States, whose function it will be to deliberate upon the map of the large States. It is as if the oysters and the mussels and the shrimps were to enter into a combination for parcelling out the dominions of the whales and the sharks, and limiting the waters in which they should be at liberty to swim and devour their prey. The design may be entitled to the highest commendation on the score of good intentions ; but in poli- tical life good intentions that are imprac- ticable are usually found to be mischie- vous, and this benevolent project cer- tainly does not promise to be an excep- tion. A European Congress without England, Prussia, Russia, and Austria, would very much resemble Hamlet, with, not only the Prince dropped out, but the Ghost, the Queen, and Ophelia, and nobody left on the stage but the auxili- aries and the walking gentlemen. Yet this is the experiment the Emperor is in- tent upon trying. M. Drouyn de Lhuys has addressed a circular to the foreign agents of the French government suggest- ing a programme for bringing together such of the Powers as unreservedly as- sented to the original proposal. This meeting is confessedly a gathering of minor potentates. Even M. Drouyn de Lhuys does not attach to it the weight, or importance, of a European Congress, but think that it may be useful in an in- ferior degree. How, he does not attempt to show ; nor would it be easy to dis- cover in what way the decisions, or re- commendations, of such an assembly could exercise the slightest influence upon the conduct of the great Powers. That they may open up new discords is highly probable. The most insignificant person possesses more means of inflicting injury, than the most powerful person can command the means of doing good. See what it is that tempts Spain into the council of Sovereigns—the hope of get- ting back Gibraltar, which she is under- stood to be ready to demand. Greece may go in from vanity or even more politic motives ; but whatever may bring her there, she will inevitably have some- thing to say about Corfu. These are small things, no doubt, but they are calcu- lated to ruffle the surface, and to produce discussions that it would be more pru- dent to avoid. If this petty Congress cannot he productive of any actual re- sults, common sense points out the wis- dom of suffering it to die a natural death. Moderation and justice are not always sure of a successful hearing in popular assemblies. This fact has been signally illustrated at the recent meetings of the Prussian and Austrian Assemblies when the question of Schleswig and Holstein was brought forward. To say that we live in stirring times very inadequately expresses the strange turmoil around us, which would be much better described by saying that we live in an age of inex- plicable events. A little while ago we had the Prussian Chamber espousing the cause of reason and good faith, and the ministry opposing them ; now we have the two bodies changing sides, and advocating exactly the contrary principles. It is the minister this time who defends the interests of truth and equity, and who exhibits a spirit of moderation that contrast strongly with the violence of the Assembly. The first step of the Cham- ber was to carry a vote against the Cabinet, the object of which was, in terms, to deny that the King of Denmark possessed any sovereign rights in either Schleswig or Holstein, amounting in effect to a deliberate declaration of the in- dependence of both Duchies, notwithstand- ing that their cases are essentially different, and that, whatever justification may exist for asserting the Germanic traditions of Holstien, none can be found for refusing to acknowledge that Schleswig is Danish in grain and by all its historical antece- dents. The Prussian minister, much to his credit, took up wholly different ground. He distinctly admits that Prussia was bound by the treaty of 1852, and that so long as Denmark fulfilled her engagement, Prussia could not disturb the existing arrangement. But he was of opinion that Denmark had not kept her engagements, and that, therefore, Federal execution ought to follow. Count Rechberg, in the Vienna Chamber, took the same view. Austria, like Prussia, was bound to respect the treaty ; so, too, was Denmark ; and if Denmark failed in her duties, Federal execution was the obvious remedy. As to the Augusten- burg claim, neither minister gave it the slightest countenance, and Count Rech- berg went so far as to leave it to be in- ferred that he utterly condemned the notion of embroiling Germany in a war for the elevation of a Prince whose preten- sions were, at least, extremely question- able. The course taken by Denmark, under circumstances which might have justified a declaration of war, bears out the antici- pations we have along ventured to express that the question of the Duchies might ultimately be settled by arbitration. In- stead of resisting the approach of the Federal troops, Denmark has quietly re- tired before them, and thus put the Fed- eral Diet in the wrong, or, at all events, upon its defence before Europe. Had a single shot been fired, the consequences must have spread far beyond the local bounds to which the quarrel is now narrowed ; and Denmark, judiciously follow- ing the advice of her allies, has secured their aid through all future stages of the complication. The matter is no longer between Denmark and Germany alone. It is felt that there has been a moral interposition which must be heard out ; and unless the fanaticism of German nationality be blind and deaf, there is no ground for despairing of a peaceful termi- nation. The situation is, no doubt, sur- rounded by difficulties. 