WHALING IN FAROE. . (From a " Fortnight in Faroe," in th» North JBrithh Review.) . ' -ONE morning, just as we are beginning to think that we' have Been everything in Faroe, and exhausted everything except the kindness of the people, we hear,, even, while we are dressing, a great bustle both.in and out of the house. W hat can it be ? Group3 of men hurry past the door, breathless ' messengers have hasty interviews with our' host, the Sysselmand, whom we , hear bidding his servant get ready his knife arid tarry breeks.; His cheery voice rings iii the passage, bidding us be quick. . Be; quick for what ? Is there a revo'ution,? , Have the Prussian .merj-of War or boys-of-war come hither,to kill peaceful folk with their needleigunB?;: What can it be? We look out of windowand see more and more men, some wUh.knivèB;ias!Bharp as razors, some with .hones and whetstoneá sbnrperi'ng ' them; and trying their temper with their fingers. tiEvery male of years to bear a knife seems to be there. Even the old protectionist ^schoolmaster is there with s .'tremendous 'blade,., and , the Lutheran " minister flourishes a brand. "W.bat ¡can it^be ?»Jn the South Sea Islands we should say that the , priests and autbori'ies Have fattened us, are gbing j ' td sacrifice us to some of .their idols, and oaf Us afterwards, and weare not sure that wild thoughts of Captain Cook and Fejoe and New Caledonia are riot- running through our friend's head, -for be asks. is jt safe. to.go dovph ? . Well, j.t is plain.that if we don't go idown they wjll come up to us. . See ! they point with their knives to our window, and with frantic gestures seem to demand our blood, yelling and screaming, the parson and school- master loudest of all, " Grinder grinder." Now we who are masters of all languages know at once what it all means as soon ns we hear these cabalistic words, bat we will not tell the secret to our friend ; nay rather, we say that the * words " Grinder, grinder" are playful allu- sions to the part the islander's back teeth will soon perfotm on his choice cuts. " It means, my dear friend,, that you will.soon be killed and eaten Perhaps it has been fonnd ,out tint you threw . that stone et the eider duck yesterday. It is high treason and saorilege, followed by execution ! by the jaws of the populace'without benefit of clergy, to throw a stone at a sitting eider. You knew ? it, and , yet . y ou (brew tho stoné" " Nay, but you know you threw it," says our friend ; and it is true, but we are not going to be browbeaten, rleaet of all when we did it to show how tame the eider du oks are. So we dispute the fact.-and should bo disputing it still unleBS Sysael mund hod.rushed to the door with a great, bang, ?'* Will you never come down ? Hero aro two hundred whales embayed in a .firth,; thirty miles off. We are alL going, and of course you will go too."- With these¡ words the f ysselmand lets tho 'whale out of the bag, and our friend runs down stairs to eat his breakfast and not to be eaten. We aro soon ready. " Here are finching-knives aud hore is a harppon for you," says the Syssel mand, turning to my friend, who grasps it, Baying he has1 never even,seen such a weapon before, " What fun fer you," says the Sysselmand ; "you shall go.in my boat, and wo shall be tn the thick of it. LT; hipe you can-both , swim, for. sometimes the whalea toss the boats over in their,flurry; and you must swim till you aro picked up ;* but there is no time to be lost in telling you what to. do. When the work beginB you must do as we do, but don't be so ¿tapid as Ola, 'who cuts his own thumb off with his, flinching knife, instead of the whale's fin, or like' Magntw, ,who. harpooned a neighbour's boat instead of the whale which made' a dive. just then." In a very: short; tims wo take to tho boats.' From Thershaven itself comes d gotfdly fleet, hut ont of,every firth .between,it arid ' Wéstmañn'ahaveñ (the Irishrñeneháven) nt the other, end of 8' tromo, where the whales are, and in fact from*1 every firth^in the islands which hears the newsy fresh boats join the fleet ; and nil, the boats race to be there as soon as possible, lest the whales, (grinder)" should ,torn their noses. sea: ward and escape. ' Luckily the wind is fair and the tide, sets thitherward^ as well, .'so we bon nd over tho waves,, clutohing our knives, and ca'ch the. .infection of excitement front our' shipmates. (" I,can seo,.wby >ou .should'go;"I say todhe Sys .selmind. '"It is your.bnsinesa to.go there in the king's name, but why should the schoolmaster and .Xbv' parsonvgb?'' " Gb !" he ^exclaims,..,*.' pf 'couráe'thoy go; ' The Bchbolmosier has a share by law, in every whale killed, and, another in every whale./ne helpstb kill ; tho. parson has a share, top, for every whale killed in his parish, and these will be killed in his parish, and he lias another Bb are in all he helps to kill. I too have my share by law, but I also have a share in all I help to kill with this boat, and I mean to kill m*ny." The good mari is so excited it makes one's heart burri to look at.him. ~ There he ylands, harpoon in hand and flinching knife at his gird'e, in his i larry breeks, like Ragnar Lodbrog of old on n j ' viking' .'voyage, and in truth there is some itbingt; wild and savage in the ,, whole j expedition,' . and , ir^ ? old ^; times ./ many ' ' a I ; viking] warrior Bailed" tn just \uch 'boatS(j as, t)io'ae | ; and.did.doughty.decds....In about three boura we ,1 . reach the mouth of the Westmannahiven, and the i wbo'e fleet oheer and shout as they, catch sight of 1 the whales,'-'- There they are looliing ata distance like a barof groat, buoys 'br' floats bobbing,up , 'and down,'aá eyer and anon they pop np their black blunt heads to blow and breathe. Aline [of boats behind them keep their noses. pp tne;firth\ ! and bindera them from fUrning»-andJBP thejr wfti »Jowly driven np towards the bead~qf,Jhfl haven) and if they ever try to turo they are irfäb'ened back by a shower ot sion'*, arid by harpoons thrown out on tbe-water-and drawn back wi'h a~ line, - If the uproar and excitement has been great before ne eee Jhe _prey, Jtjrúea^ .lenJTold j?hjn_we.. jire sure "that the wEales are within our grasp, and that we have only to go'in andvfeilj and possess them.' And . now the hour of action draws near,' and I think onr friend wonld like to consult his lawyer and make his will before it begins,/ 'f Did you hear what the Syeselmand said about the whales upsetting the bpat?" he whispers hoarsely. Yes ; what of tout, you know you can ewiin like a duck, and be- sides the boat Jsnpt yet upset." So we leave him to his thoughts, in which his own death quite as much-if not more than that of the whales filia a great place.' Bai before the action'^the captain of the h'oBt, the worthy:. Syeselmand, goes ashore to bold a council of chiefs. So there surrounded by the schoolmaster, the parson, and all the mighty fishers and' fowlers of the islands, he makes, them a short and s * ir ring speech, the gist of which is that ¡God had delivered the whale into , our hands in ' spite of free trade and the school- master, who for.onco at'least 'was, quite abroad; How. many there wera of them he could not tell, but this be knew, that if every man did his du'y, and.he expected; every man to do it, be would not say without flinching, .for.that wàs^just what he . hoped every man would do, but without shrinking arid without'blundering, not ,one of'those bottle noses-yonder would regain the ocean. It had i 'been long «nee they bad the chance of killing so , many at oboe. Let-them be'men therefore'and slay tliem all. ' Before all thisgB.Iet none go into the thick of it but snob, whose duty it was, let the rest who had. to keep the line and coop the whales up remember ,that theirs was a no less honourable though less active part. They' would be under (the leadership of the schoolmaster, a veteran ' whaler, but not so-lissom as bf yore. As for himself and ?théparson and these gallant Bri'orfs, they would go withla chosen few iuthèir good boats and pursue . .the ywhales till' there was not :one left ' alive. .At this noble speech, which we . think' quite worthy bf Thncy¿ didos, and quite as true, a great shout of applause rises from thé'ádmiriog'ríng.of chiefs, and after a hasty repast we all return to our boats. Our friend wo thought, Walks rather, feebly, with something ' of the air bf a man attending' his own1 funeral, if that be possible..' " If the .worst comes to the worst," be whispers again, fi remember I-i leave you guardian to my children, and as for ray' debts ~" Come, come," we cryj," this will never, doj .since the Wills' Act,.the lawuadmitB of no disposi- tion of goods' 'per verba .deZprosenti," and though you-nre iu Fàroè,'"yon have not yet acquired a domicile here. . . Have ' you .^not an animus revertendi ? ' Do" you not hope to get back ?" c.«' Yes l"of course lào", «Í Then you have no domicile here, arid-so can't make your, will acoord . big to Danish law, which does'admit of a disposi .lion,viva voce,' especially in casos where there is fear of imminent.death.'' But alas 1 our friend is in no mood either-for law or laughter. We are sure) were he-forced to say .where,his domicile was likely to be,',he wou'd r say át once 'that it will shortly be like <: Jonah's, in . the - whale's belly. Though, here-again, a, casuist would remark that ' even Jonah could have, acquiredJ no right of domicile iñ .thé. whale's belly ^ during the short space,of .three days. ' As for the animus revertendi it is plain bo mast have had it, for he never rested trampling on the whale's intestines with bis nailed sandals till the poor mammal got man-sick and threw him up on dry land. For' all which curious information.. we.. .refer the reader to the Targums under .the word " whale," where the reader will do'Well to oonsnlt the notes of Maimoo ides, de guslibus orcarum. . But there is no help -for it ; the'Sysseltband, -after, a few vigorous re- marks addressed to the men of lesser note, among whi«h,we can' only catch the word " Forbanna," whioh answers in Faroe ' tb the word., in English which.rhymes with " am," Eummnrisbis boat, and calls loudly to us to come with him. While all this was pasBt'ng on land, the scene on the water baffles description ; a double row of boats, amount- | ing to more, than a hundred, form a curved line : right across the firth and hem the whales in. Now showers of stones are nddecí to1 the missiles hurled against-them to keep them straight, for now is the very nick of time, now is the turning-point of the day, lest, the whales, scared by the onslaught bf the boats whioh go in to attack them, should turn flukes and ruBh in a body, out to sea. Silly crea .uresj they do not know their own strength ; 'they have only to make a duah at the boats, which would.be scattered and upset in the twinkling of an eye ; or if they prefer to avoid the foe without a struggle, they have only to dive under the ring of boats and swim' away down the -firth. That .would be human nature, but it is not whale -nature,' which stupidly rushes on: its fa'e, and is drawn by some instinct to seek the bight of the firth whore' death awaits it. And now we com- batants make'a start. The fighting boats ara drawn up'on shore,' inside the ring that hems in he whales. The firth is hero »bout a quarter of a mile wide, and it is about three quarters bf a milo to its upper encl. It is -surrounded by a ' natural amphitheatre of hills, down one of which rushes a mountain stream, making a waterfall-just ? before . it reaches tho foreshore. We ..have room enough and to spare for our bloody work, in which from thirty to forty boats may bo engaged. At firat we row carefully, so that we may not head the whales, rather keeping .botwoen them and tho ring of boats, from which frequent showers of stones are still burled; Again and again one might fanoy 'one's self in the South Sea lslands; the loud shouts, the rude weapon's, .the strange jargon of, speech,'the stalwart, forms 'standing up in stem und stern to hurl the harpoons.! Tho first b'ow had been strack before we.carne up, ' but wo were soon in the midst; of thé melee: The sea at.first is white wi'h foam, as the whales, now.scared and.diving on all sides, bat still keep- ing up,the, firth,'.lash the water with'fin and tail.; How boat strives with boat to harpoon and grapple' wi'h them OB tbeyrrise to breathe. As tho whale! 'belongs to'"the boat who first grapples with, and kills it, the rivalry is intense. We believe the ¡párson kills the first whale that day, but the Syr selmand is not far behind. In a few stroke's a big fellqw rises close to us. In an 5ns'ant our chief bas struck him with a harpoon, others grapple him with boat hooks, arid- tho man nearest bis throat draws bis long flioohing knife and plunges it into, the blubber, which gives a strange crisp Bound as tho blade iá buried in it tip to the hilt. Wo are close to the poor, creature's bead,1 and it turns up its meek eyes in a way to ronse pity io .any tender heart/ Bat, eave our friend and ourselvee,"there are no.bearts'in that boat to.be troubled with'the mute appeal of. a whale's ' eyes'. " Baring his,arm to the shoulder, thé ëysielmand scores ,the creature's throat in. long, gashes: with demoniac energy. Torrents of blood follow, and tho crisp white coat of blabber,''whioh when ont loolc3 moré like.o water-melon than, animal .flesh, is,soon: cut through; then the hand and tho arm must bc plunged in 'up to tho elbow . to reach the whale's true flesh. In a trice its throat is \ (nit; IU frantic efforts to estipe dnr|pfíwblolh it hurries us along with H fof grapplpd toits side, gradually cease; jt turn« « linleünfts side, give» a flng with its tail, and dies, After death the carcase mast still be held; BS'itr is-wh ale's Tfatare'to^inï: as soon as the breath is out of the body, jr It is, therefore, either Jmojedjaj^djtujnei adrift, or.handed over to some non fighting boat to tow on- shore. While this -has. been passing on board, our; boat, the sime thing has been going on with thirty other boats. No. wonder that the blue waters . of jhe firth ara' now deeply-stained with rblood.-i li : éometimes the whalê3j iF unskilfully grappled,-phrëak"lpse-anj p'.unge wildly about the-water, spouting ont, if sore stricken, water mingled with their.lifeblood 1 In one or twp caf es i be ' seared : wretches swim* straight on «hore, pushing themselves high up on the beach, for there are no shallows here, and ¡tit, deep water right up.to .the edge. But even o» land they .cannot escape, their crueLfoe, there are men 'there ready waiting to' eut up the bodies of Ibe slain, who- welcome ? the" new . comers willra lsavage greeting ..as., soon'; a's; they'. Bet-, fin on ¡and. Among the boats there are many cases of runtW ,down,, and in Greát'Brítain raany: a case of salrage would'arise out.of '.bose collisions, but hore, the result is much cursing and abuse, and no bones are brokei}. ,The.great peril whioh our friend-so orach dreaded does happen, but not to us ; near us a ítaallér boat is suddenly' charged', by a, whale,,who .rashes at , it, .dives and upsets it as he pásses under|t., ' We TC°uld. give<much to know if that j brive.,fellow 'mide his escape, if sp we hope be will Jivo .to a green old age, and never seek the (to ^whajes) inhospitable shores of .Faroe, again; As for ttne crew of the oapsiaéd Jboat no one Eèeina tq care much about them, but much anxiety is . expressed lest the; whale- shonld get off. ? ' The men swim to their ' haiti whioh - has; been righted for them/a shdveor two help's them into' it, and in à minuta .they,' ère as eagerly engaged in (hel'fra'y' as before. How do we behave ? Splendidly; of. course. ;> At first we pity the. whnlesi but; the eight under such circumstances ïsoon- ceases to be sickening, and as ,we grapple, with our. third :whale we. beg the Sys selmand to.let.UB cut the mammal's throat. And I cut it we~db^ or at least try to do. so, but our arm is not as' the RysBelmand'a arm,'nor our hearts-sB hardened as his. We BIIOUII have cut tho whale's throat at last, .and we feel a fiendish joy as the sharp knife cuts long gashes in 'the crisp blubber ; 'but wé should have been too long about it, so the Sysselmand takes jt away from UB and snows us how to do it. No doubt the-whale felt more at ease in giving np the ghost ander such a skilful hand, and felt burt, morally hurt-,, at our bungling. On looking back to our friend in the stern we see him brandishing his koife in a way which uivea us great fears for the safety of his'nose. -.- But he too has .felt tho Cruel thirst foriolood, and his flannel shirt is blood besprinkled; ' In hts' left band be holds the tip of a whale's tail which he has'Cur off as the creature dived alongside. He is as prpud of it as a Red Indian of his first .- scalp." ¿ll fear of death bas fled. . He no longer thinks of making his will, and his wrath against the wholo r co of whales is hot. "I would - not be a whale IÓ aomathingto daj^'^he.shouts as -he holds up bit trophy, and yet one might learn ', something even from whales. The patience with which they meet their fate ia wonderful, when they feel that strag- gling ia r o use. go might many a man learn lo die without repining. Most ranching too is the behaviour of the mothers who hug their calve!, and shield them all they c m from the bitter knife " Bairns will still be bairns," says ' the proverb, and sp. it is with, whole-bairns. They seem to thirik it fine fun to frisk about at the top of the wa' er--till they are harpooned. . They never think of diving and ducking till it is, too late ; but th mothers',hearts nreiset first bri saving their children before .they save themselves, and many a «hale wife Weald have got clear off this day - had it nôt baen .for their ? motherly .love. So the, blooûy massacre goes on for 'moro than an hour, at the end of which timé about 140, .wbaloa have bitten the water, and but two or tbree are left still cooped up. " Shall wo spare them ?" I ask im« ploringly of the Sysselmand. " Spare them," he replies with spbm, " why haven't fifty at least got I itt and cheated us 1 Spare them, I trow'not, and j look there is the parson after tho biggest,,forty feet long at least. Forbanna; Forbsnna-ptfl, men, pull. Ha I, the parson launches bis harpoon and-misses ; give way, boys, wo are alongside.'1 Thud, thud, goes the Sysselmand's harpoon into the whale. The person comes np a minute afterwards, only to, find us fast grappled to out quarry, and that ho has lost it. Whe:her he utters the cabalistic word1 " Forbtnna'* we cannot hetr in the uproar which quite ''.deaves" ns, hut wo think it riot iinlike'y. There are now bnt two whales loft, one of which again falls before tho har- poon of the relentless SysBolmand. The last was also s'ain, whe'.hcr by tho pardon we kno w not ; and now nonght remains but the .blue sky and green billa and -merry, waterfall running down to meet tte ,V multitudinous sea 'incarnadined." ' Blood red aro the waves, and, blood-stsined the men and boats that float on thom. With slower strokes than" when we "set out, wo seek .the shore to reckon the dead and count the gain». That is a proud moment for our friend a« -tho women-of the farm~hard .by shake him warmly by the hand,-and call him " British whale-Blayèr." His tail fin is ian introductiorievery where Side by'side on the steep beech lay the dead, young and old, ma'e and female, stiff'and stark, sorely rcarred... and gashed with gaping wotinds -from willoh the gore still trickles down in'o the sea. The biggest is about forty-five feet long and the smallest seem mere baby-whales. " Yes," slowly repeats our friend, " today at least I am very glad I am nota whale." From which wé gather, that seme other doy perhaps he,would like to bo a whale, though what he wou/d do.'if he were one, and how he would bear a lifo exposed to such risks, and so different from ¿bat he has passed iu his eaBy.clrairj it is! hard to say« Op .the whole, we wpuld rather not be a whale-no, not even a spermaceti whale-at any time, br ln any patt of the world. It must bo a cold-blooded thing for a warm-blooded mammal to livef always ia the water, and this no doubt is' why,this.mad* nets'ever and anon seizes whales of running their noßos, - atrainat dry land, ? nod so losing their lives. . Surely ' they feel that .their true station is that_\ of ¡-_ a- -flâurian splashing about in fen and marsh, .and Buckling their yoong on shore. ' They feel that they wera meant for betterithinge, that; they have lûBt .çaaW by taking to the.water, the reat,of whose'inhabit; ants', tho sea serpent inciuded,.oaIl ont to.the¡Jiltie whales its they swim'by :,.«' No child of mine. J " Ain't yon afraid of getting your fins; w«Çî\ « Mind yon ?don't take cold." . " Why don't ¡(on wear a comforter/or a harèskiri1 oh' your chest? ".,Where,does your mother buy hormilk?'' ^*'( your ifa.ther »ny ¿oe ?", /Does he like : cavlafer and a whole string of such idle «' gibes and jeflrt. That we say is why whales; rush1-so blindly every now and. then ion' dry' Jarid; 'Beo'áu9Ó, tJiey cBay« known'better1 days','>jhd)f?ii*t. u'barthajmockeiyM lho|rc .Bcaly-.fbes, who. look,' on theirr morely-SB lodgers,' bute not sea lords lin'tho!mighty1 deep^ Tho night after the whale hunt is One of g«u mirth and- jollity,. 