Friday, 20JA May. (Before F A Powlett, Esq, P.M, Dr Geary, J.P, aud H Jarrett, Esq, J.P, Mayor.) ABANDONING HIS LICENSED HOUSE. Henry French Neal, appeard to answer the remanded charge of abandoning his licensed house, the Freemasons' llotel. Mr W a.-all, the Cerk of the Court, read over the evidence of Sergeant Babington and Detective Constable Walker, previously taken on Wednesday Sergeant Babington, for the prosecution, stated to the Bench that he had another witness summoned for Wednesday, but on sending fresh summons to i.l'n yesterday, he was informed and he had been told that he was from home, and would not return probably for a week. If the Bench wished additional evidence he would apply for a postponement. If the case were adjourned till Monday be could have further testimony brought forward The Police Magistrate made no reply, and Mr Vardy asked the dark to read a portion of the cross examination of Detective Walker, which Mr Weigall had not read at first. Mr Weigall tarried over the leaf, and read the statement of the witness "That Mr N«al, the defendant, could have been absent from Daylesford every day, during the motrtli of April, without his (Walker's) knowledge " No further evidence beiug adduced for the prosecution, Mr Vardy addressed the Beuch for the defence, and argued that the case had altogether broken down It would be ta violation of all t-je ordinary rules of law it on this occasion, the Bench would cancel the license. On a former occasion he had reserved points <if law Two actions were at the satne time pend ing for the same offence, which was not allowed even in a civil case, and a fortiori it was unquestionably illegal in a criminal action, for such this was under the penal clause t>f the Act. The present evidence was more meagre than that adduced on the former occa"ion, when an able and experienced Police Magistrate, llr Thomson, of Gisborne, con siderea the case for the prosecution bad broken down. The testimony was wholly of a negative nature, aud consequently of no value. It was such evidence as that which a man who was charged' with stealing s spade said he could bring to prove his inuocenca. One or two witnesses had sworn to haviug seen him steal the spada, but he said that he <$iuid bring a hundred to prove that tbey had not seen him take it. Sa much for the value of negative evidence. They must read tbe Act as a whole, and not strain isolated passages."* The question was, had there been a raal abandomrent ? Here Mr Vardy read from the " Imperial Dictionary' the several definitions , of the meaning of the word "abandon," and maintained that it did not apply in the present case. It meant, to forsake, to remove, to leave with a view never to return. Would the Bench Bay. that Hr Neal bad abandoned hb wife, whom he left behind him in tbe Freemasons' Hotel, when he went to Daylesford or elsewhere, and upon whom the summons was actually served. He did not blame the sergeant of tha police in doing his dnty, but there was evidently some ane behind tha fcenes pulling .the strings, and, would the Bench cancel this licence in order to gratify some person's private malice. He would ask cut lotto i • ThS public had suffered no injury— tb» Sergeant of Police had himself testified that ne complaint had ever been made to the police against the house. It had been most respectably conducted, whenever defendant was absent, by his brother-in -law, who had formerly received authority from the Bench to take care af the place for a month, in defendant's absence. Would the Bench put a forced canstruction upon the. law, in order to close a house so orderly.andrespectable, thusn&t; only injuring defendant, but causing a damage to' the proprietor. \- Why was this case singled out I It was not for him to mention names, but there were other houses -in the Kyneton district, which it was known to the authorities were really abandoned at this v^ry hour. "He maintained .that the evidence only proved » in jjative, and that the penai statnte nnder which tb«s case was;brought, ought;*®;'b» .coiistrusd; sfanctly U Ąers was the balance ofevide nceought notWbe taken in favor of ismiss Ihe charge, there not being evidence to ustain it, and he felt assured, that on due conideration of the whole circumstances ot the ase they would not close the hotel, and occaion'a serious damage to his client, and to the landlord of the house. f , . Mr Green, Police Inspector, wished to correct statement of Mr Vardy's. Instead of his stating, that no complaint had ever been made by the police against the house, be might say, that a complaint had "never been made to tbe'pi>lice, bafore the present, ne. The Police Magistrate said, that the Bench wished to adjourn about this case, and to withdraw for that purpose. They would however, meautime proceed with the hearing of the other cases en the list. Several cases having been disposed of, Dr Geary, J..P., left the Bench, and the two remaining magistrates did not retire to consult as it was stated they would. The Police Magistrate after Dr Geary bad left some time, said that the Bench were unanimously of opinion, that the charge of abandonment bad been proved. It was not a question whether the Freemasons' Hotel bad been ill or well conducted, but whether it had been abandoned. He would therefore declare the license void. Mr Vardy applied to have a case stated for the Supreme Court, and the Police ifagistrate at once assented to the application. Aft Vardy said he would prepare one. [We are in a.position to state that_H. Jarrett, Esq., J.P., the J/ayor, of Kyneton, did not concur in tbe decision of tbe Bench, (as stated spurently through some misapprehension, by the .Mice .Magistrate), as he did not consider the evidence adduced sufficient to sustain the charge. Dr Geary, J.l j ., was not present, having left the Bench previously, aud having heard only part of the evidence, and Mr Powlett alone signed tha magistrate's book recording the decision.] The Blackwood gold escort has been reestablish j this week, and will be continued fortnightly. The gold will be received on alternate Mondays, and conveyed by escort next day to Kyneton for delivery to parties provided with orders from the banks to receive same. The escort will reach Kyneton previous to the leaving of the mid day train on alternate Tuesdays, commencing to-day. In cases wh'.-re no person appears iu Kyneton to chiiin tbe gold it will be stored at the police barracks without tbe Government beiug responsible, until it is removed to the bank. The M'lvorgold is, we notice, to be carried by escort to Sandhurst. The first number of the Dsspal.ch, a new weekly paper published in Melbourne, which takes the place of the Wed-!;/ Herald, has reached us. It is well written aud contains a mass ef useful information. In politics, it professes to be liberal, ana advocates a protectionist policy. It declares in favor of tbe Occupation Licences, and supports the movement for tbe abolition of tbe gold export duty. The jDespatch contains 100 columns of reading matter, and it is sold at the low price of sixpence. Both tbe Melbourne illustrated papers this month—the Post, and News for Home—are very creditable publications. A very characteristic sketch of the Morning Star Hill, Wood's Point, is given in the Post, and also a woodcut of the Onehunga Camp, New Zealand, where the wives aud families of the Victorian Volunteers are now in quarters. A view of Collins streaf. Melbourne, is very truthful and striking. The News has also a Wood's Point illustration, and views in New Zealand, together with several graphic sketches of bush life in Victoria. Both periodicals are well worth forwarding by tbe mail to frieuds in the old country. Tli« mails for England will close to-morrow in Kyneton. Registered letters and papers via Southampton must be posted at noon, and ordinary letteriup to 8 p.m. Newspapers, upon whicb additional poBtaso will be charged via Marseilles, can be posted also, up to 8 p.m. This day being a public holiday the Post Office and Telegraph OSce will close at 10 a.m, and the Telegraph Office will re open at 5 and close 7 o'clock p.m. The extraordinary Maori Mummy, found petrified in New Zealand, is now being exhibited as will be seen by advertisement, at Gregory's' Kyneton Hotel. Whether it be a taste for soldiering, or a better appreciation of the advantages of physical training, we know not, but it is a fact that, in this locality at least, teachers are becoming very attentive in teaching their pupi 1 show to march, and go through drill exercise. Only a few days a?o, as we wera passing by the school near Degraves's Mill, Boggy Creek, a number of the children, both male and femaie, were performing their drill movements, and they evidently exhibited no little proficiency in the various evolutions which they were called upon to perform under the keen and watchful eye of a viftilaut master. Barlow's grand vocal and instrumental entertainment, last night, in the Mechanics' was very respectably attended; in fact, the Hall was crowded, and the audience were well pleased with tbe rich and varied bill of fare placed before them. The "inimitable" Barlow himself was as humorous and entertaining as ever, and "The Blue Tailed Fly" was greeted once mare with rounds of applause. Amongst the novelties he gave—" Rave you 6een the ghost ?" and he played some exquisite music on bis ne>y instrument—the "lautum." Mr Howson also sang well, and the performance of Mr Hera, on the piano, was much admired. This evening there will be a complete change of performances and as Mr Barlow and his company's visit i. limited to the two nights, there will, no doubt 8 be a bumper house this evening. 