THE SCHLESWIG-HOLSTEIN DIFFICULTY The Duchy of Holstein may now be considered to have passed entirely out of the. hands of the Danes. Not only have the royal troops retired beyond the Schleswig frontier, but the officials engaged ia the' local administration have either been obliged to follow them or to acknowledge the Prince of Augustenburg, and conduct their business in his name. ? The Federal cACLUbiuu-iiuH leu. bu me Lj.uuui.ur ux tiiu xruuiu. turuiiu to the new claimant. As the Danish troops retire the party favorable to him engage, actively in the work of revolution, and even those who do not favor a change think it well to acquiesce in a cause which is evidently supported by, the whole German Federation. ? Prince Frederic actually remains on HoMein soil after having caused himself, to be proclaimed in defiance of the as sertion of the Diet that the decision rests entirely with them ; yet, though he thus takes the matter into his own hands, a motion requesting him to leave the Duchies is rejected at Frankfort, and the Diet conse quently accepts a complicity in Ms acts. At the sitting of the Federal Diet on 2nd January, u motion, introduced by Baron Kubeck, the Austrian minister, and the President of the Diet, to the effect that the hereditary Prince of Augustenburg should be immediately summoned to leave the Duchies, was lost by 9 to 7. By this decision the Diet indirectly ac knowledges the Duke's title to the Duchies. The Austrian and Prussian Governments, alarmed at this indication of the growth of a 'third Power',', in Ger many, formed out of the petty States, proposed to the Diet to allow them to invade Schleswig, not as instru ments of the Diet, but as great Powers. The Diet refused, and Vienna and Berlin instantly intimated that they could not permit the Diet to become aggres sive, that they took the matter into then1 own hands, and that they would themselves invade Schleswig.' Alluding to the advance of the Austrian and Prussian troops, the special correspondent of the' Times says: — What was contemplated was merely a -national war be tween the Duchies and Denmark, which should decide upon whom the sovereignty of Schleswig-Holstein should devolve. Whatever friends Denmark might be able to enlist in her cause, the Duchies felt sure of the support of all Germany in a- quarrel which involved, as they thought, universal German interests. But now the two great Powers of Prussia and Austria, making up between them much more than two-thirds of the. might of Germany, take the affair into their iwri hands, and occupy the Duchies with views not altogether friendly to Denmark, but no less at variance ?with those of the Frankfort . Diet and of the generality of the German people. With Austria acd Prussia there is no question either of nationality or of disputed succession. They are not unprepared to recognise the integrity of the Danish monarchy ; nay, they are in a certain man ner pledged to support it ; only they think themselves entitled, and even obliged, to meddle with the internal affairs of the : Danish Government, and demand the repeal of a constitution which the King, perhaps, ueciueu. imueuuury . us me auiet/y uuu weii-uuuig ui ins State. . , x .:.?;.. A letter from Stockholm of the 19th says.: — 'The feeling here against the Gorman. confederation,, and especially against Prussia and Austria, has increased to such an extent that the Government cannot but act upon it. Everywhere meetings are being held to sign addresses requesting the Government to prevent by every means the success of the attack in contemplation against our Scandinavian brothers of Denmark. Com mittees are being formedin the principal cities, of the kingdom, for the purpose of receiving national subscrip tions intended for the formation and arming, of corps ? of volunteers, who will march to the support of the Danish nation. Perhaps they have not sufficiently con sidered yet at Vienna and Berlin the opposition, to be met with on the part of Sweden.' : ' So surely,' says tho Post of the 26th January, 'as the Germans cross the Eyder, so surely will they array against them the arms of England ; so certainly will they find the soldiers of France presently moving on the Rhine, and the .forces of Italy on the Venetian frontier. We cannot too often repeat the names of Hungary and Poland. The statesmen of Austria and Prussia treat them as if they were mere Pepper's ghosts, instead of being earnest solid nations, eager to rise, and to fight for freedom and independence. Cala mity upon calamity will surely fall upon the authors of this war if once it is brought about. We, therefore, while there is yet time, seek most anxiously to impress upon the German governments the fearful extent of the responsibility which they seem so ready to assume. The peace of Europe, upon which the prosperity and well-being of all depend, is a sacred trust chiefly com mitted to the hands of the great Powers. If by them it is violated and destroyed, those who perpetrate the crime will have to pay the penalty. Aggression and tyranny will be defeated and punished, and those who shed blood in a wanton and unjust quarrel will find that in the last reckoning they themselves will be chief sufferers,' . ' We read in the Times: — 'We have reasoned on the supposition that Prussia and Austria, urged on by the German patriots, refuse to listen to the remonstrances which will be offered anew by the chief European Powers. We trust it will be found possiblo to unite France, Russia and Sweden with Great Britain in a pressing request that the two Powers will refrain from attacking the Danish positions at the Dannewerk. If the collision can be delayed for a time, thore may be still hope of avoiding war. In favor of this chanco, it may be said that the thaw and tho activity of the Danish general have given the defenders so many advan tages, that it is unlikely any prudent commander will attack; 'them without a very considerable preponderance of force. This preponderance can only, be obtained after the lapse of some little time. The Prussians and Austrians are only just making their way to the scene of action, and some time longer must be, neces sary for the transport of. supplies and munitions of war.' With the telegraph and railway, the European Governments can communicato with each othor, and resolve on common, action beforo tho Prussians and AitatrioTiQ have carried their aggressions to the length I i in , I , f, l !i i ) i -ill l ii I false step at this crisis may lead to very serious events.' Hamburg, 24th January.— Mysterious rumors are in ? circulation here of serious conflicts between the in- . habitants in several towns and villages in Holstein and the Prussian troops; the latter having in some places been hooted and hissed in passing through; whilst in others the inhabitants, supported by their, ,', local authorities, flatly refused,. to give them quarters '?'.' for the night or food,' even on payment. ; ';''?'? 