\- WHIAT IS HE? Is he fifteen feet high ? Does ho weigh thirty stone? Is he collops of fat ? Is he ridges of hone ? Is he twenty great statesmen rolled up into one ? Is his course in the wane, or but newly begn ? Is he wiser than Daniel, nod meeker than Muses? Is his wide moral fragrance all otto of roses ? Pray enlighten our minds, ys dins Chronicle tapers, W\Vht Is this mighty shadow pervading your papers ? We receive the impression that all whom your praises Froim obscurity into significance raises, Are not just the men prudent persons would take For bosom companions, and confidants snake. And since from your columns this ghost you can't sever, But must "Murry" continue repeating for ever, We conclude you're attempting to make him too good To he altogether the thing that he should. Like stale bitter beer, or cold, popperless curry, You're fiat and distasteful denudod of Mlurry. And when Parliament closes, we shall not much wonder To see this same Mlurry reported as under : Mr. Murry did this; Mr. Mlurry said that; Mr Mlurry was leant Mr. Murry gets fat; Mr. Murry drinks wine; Mr. Mlurry eats mutton; Mr. Murry's clean shirt was deficient a button; Mr. Murry ' a saint, although people don't know it; Mr. Murry's alive; Mr. Mlurry's a poet; Mr. Murry wears boots, but his legs don't sult breeches; Mr. Murry's. dress coat contains ten thousand ~ stitches; Mr. Marry sleeps well; Mr. Murry grows older; Mir. Murry's right arm Is attached to his shoulder. Whatever this Marry is, has, or desires, All.(if fit to be publifsed) his funcy inspires; All Ihe does, all he suffers, his tastes and Ihis pleasures. How he ties his cravat, and what length his hair measores, What asnap he prefers, what cosmetics and towels, The state of his purse, and the state of his bowels, To the Chronicle we to full confidence turn, Whatever affects Mr. Murry to learn. oanasr. s NOTEs BY A BstRBDANE MAAN,"-No. 8 of these comnmunications appears elsewhere, and will doubtless be perused with much latenest. 