HUNTING, Hunting Literature. Sin,— Who's tho Mewfi ?Leicestershire swell,, who presumes to teach Young Australia how to ride to hounds,and write about a run after going through it. Ia ho tho ' Gentleman in Black,' and what's his little game in Victoria whr.ii he should bo at the cover sido in Eng land, with his second and third horses to boot, waiting for a fast thing from Crick Gorae or Six Hilla? No wonder he turns up his nose at the Dandenong Ureek, after ho has been baptized in the waters of Splatton or Whisscutline. Like all his countrymen, ho believes in nothing unless with the old stamp upon it. Believe me, Bell, thero are as good aud hard ridora in Victoria aa over crossed a pigskin in Leicestershire or War wickshire. A. man need not have served an apprenticeship at Melton or Harborough to know good hounds when ho rides behind them. Our country ia not iirst-rate, we all know, but some of it is awfully stiff, and thoso infernal timbers that won't yield would try even the nerve of one who has hunted in Leicestershire. I think it shows consummate pluck to swim tho Dundenong Creek, although it necessitates emptying tho boots afterwards. How many swells in the old country would do it ? Wouldn't they shrug their shoulders, with a Aw! aw! and say 'I don't exactly believe in a cold bath except in one's tub of a morning ; }iorsc3 were made to jump, not swim.' And then turn back or go round. Yes, Mr. Editor, many a Leicestershire swell, got mi rnf/nr(llm« nf nvnnnsn .ind with llis l)'!st beaver on, has even to como to that at times. And what's there to write about in hunting except 'shop,' as Mr. Facotious terms it '( He comes homo, I suppose,after a good thing, which ho takes aa a matter of course, and ovor a awcll feed scarcely nllude3 to the morning's work, but we poor devils if wo run a kangarro a ring of a dozen miles, and kill him tail and all, go off into ecstacies at once, talk 'Spring Vale slang' for a week nfterwards, show our boots with pride a3 tho identicals, and oven havo a plan drawn showing the ring wo ran, as tho nwell would say, which, of course, was tho long tail's fault, not ours. Well, all foxea won't run straight, and many a swell has to follow a rank duffer during hia hunting career. We've neither horses, hounds, nor country to compare with tho top sawyers in the old land, but by all that's righteous, Sir, wo have tho men. Wo 'never fume. We ride to hunt, not hunt to ride, at ono another as the fast ones do over the big grass pastures, and stiff ox fences your Lcicesterahire swell delights in. He will ride ovor hounds worth 100 guineas as coolly as ho would over a brother in trouble, horse and rider in a yawning ditch, and chaff him in the bar gain, . perhaps like tho exquisite, who told tho young parson in a similar position to lie -|uiet until tho next Sunday, as ho wouldn't bo wanted until then. He carea not for hounds working, but only for hard ridiug, cutting each other do^n, and I verily believe if a drag were laid to a certain warm place, there are such jealous riders in tho old ?country as would ride against one another to such a destination. And a cap'a not the correct thing, Mr. Swell. Try a bell-topper amongat the gum rtreea, and boo bow long your head aud it will keep eonvpauy. Ukristie'a best silk would soon dissolve partnership. A cap in Victoria i3 as correct as the swell tile in tho fast counties you havo left behind you. I ?was reading nn account of a good thing during tlie past season, and I did not think it iso far above us a3 I expected. Thoy did eleven milca in fifty minutes, the Duke of llntland'H, I think, straight away, without a vestige of a check, iino grass country, good fences, and stiff. ' Tho swells' out on their best tits, and the hounds all along had the best of it. The gallant fox saved his life by changing with another, just aa he waa about to give up tho ghost. I think some of our faat things havo boon as good na thnt^ and I doubt not but our last ' Spring Vale' would not suffer by comparison, for time at least, though I allow our country ia easier to go over — barring running against tho gum trees. As to describing a run to hounds, your cor respondent is right ; it is no easy matter, aud if, out of tho thousands of well-educated men who hunt nt home, so few caro to try their .hands with tho quill afterwards, and when thoy do, so fow succeed, why, I think, the argument is in our favour, and that your hunting correspondent will bear very fnvour ablo comparison, if not with 'The Gentleman in Black, whoever that dark horse may be, at any rate with 801112 who do not adopt such an equivocal 110m ile querre. I can, of course, 8eo that while praising 'Paugh-a- Ballagh,' ho ia quizzing him too— good- naturedly I own ; and ho winds up with aiich a good-natured wish, especially including his boots, that I can't quite get Bpitsful with him ; but aa a colonial, I can't stand chaff, however much I can give of it, and in thia I fancy your Leicester swell could tako a rise out of me if ho chose, eo I'll bo careful what I say that I don't get his dander up, and spoil tho sot of his beaver. Let him try a lino after tho niastor somo day, when we are going straight ovor a good stiff timber coun try, and if it doesn't prove a caution to your Leicestershire swell, I'm not yours, COCK HOBIN. Dkaji Beli, — In your last work's issue a gentleman hailing from 'tho shires' was pleased to give all your limiting corresjwn dents a rather Bcvere handling, but na lio'con descondingly allows that I ra above modio erity in this respect, and have apparently 'tasted tho real thing in nnld Ireland,' perhaps I ought to feel rather llattered. The gentleman from Lcicestershira ia evidently quito nt home with his pon, . but whether ho ia aa much ao in what he calls ' the nirrskin.' remains unproven, aa tho Scotch say. It is very easy to criticise, and your correspondent evidently fancies that he 0.111 cut us poor colonials up most satisfactorily, but let mo remind him that ono who writes of 'tho pigskin,' 'croppers,' 'Who's your hatter J' 'Draw it mild, 'Bcarlctrags,' and ao forth, can scarcely bo said to affect tho most refined stylo of literature himself; and whon ho cooly informs me that 'gentlemen nowa daya never wear capa,' 1 n'n inclined to arrive at tho conclusion that he lias visited ua aa travelling agent for Lincoln and Bennett or somo other eminent linn in tho hatting interest Dear Sett, did your ever hear anything so absurdly snobbish? To judge of a man's claim to gentle blood by his head-covering ! What say you to thia, gentlemen of tho M.H.C., not excepting tho worthy master'; Whore are yonr claims to gentility now? Yet it ia not na lung since I had the pleasure of seeing tho Duko of Ilutlaud, whom our instructor appears to know, Lord Fitzwilliam, and about a hundred other scarlet-coats, Bunnountud by thi3 most plebeian covering. *' Xot to mention many a vulgar nnnip, That would nuku a rfoor-nlnto blush for shame, If door-plates were not so brnzvii.' Friend from ' tho ahires,' you speak kindly of me, and gladly would I meet you cither by my own hearth or by tho cover side, but whon you callus 'nmiamnniiios' for charging tho Dandenong Crock wliilo tho hounds aro carrying tho scent broast high ovor tho opposite meadows, I begin to fear that tho liro of your youth has waned, and that you aro presently a victim to hydro phobia. You ask 1110 ' Do I evor think of old times in Kildarot' Don't I just — of tho flying pastures of Meath — thobanksanddykes of Carlow, aud tho hilla aud walls of Gialway, etc. : Talking of Gal way, by Jovo 1 old follow, it's well it wasn't after a dinner with tho Blazera you Baid that about wearing 'caps, or you'd havo had what tho Yankees -call a precious bad timo of it. In conclusion, let mo adviao yon to relinquish (that's a good word— I'd havo said drop only for tho blow ing up you gavo mo laat week) tho oritical mood — get into your saddle onco moro. If you'ro not at Crick Gorae; 'or Kirby Onto, accept tho best substitute you enn get, and thank your stars that fate haa not sent you to tho Salt Lake or the coast of Guinea, but to.a colony where good follows abound, and i,f you are not too much, addicted to the patchouli and diapetiu tie soie stylo you may yet have lota of fun — bedad ! FAUGH-A-BALLAGH. 