CURRENT TOPICS. Mr and Mrs Charles Kean's second and final readings were given yesterday evening at the Mechanics' Institute. The first part of the entertainment consisted of readings from Kins Henry the Eighth. Commencing sit the third scene, where the maiden modesty of Anne Boleyne affects to liold in disdain the dignities the King would thrust upon her. There was little to arouso the enthusiasm of the audience -until*.the Court scene at Blackfriara. where the. Queen, confronted by her husband, and the two Cardinals, Wolsey and Cotnpeius, is urged to let them plead her cause, and is 6trong enough in. her womanly weakness to cast off the toils with which they seek to surround lipr. MrsKean's magnificent declamation in this scene is a noble triumph of the histrionic art, and so powerfully did she arouse the feelings of the audience that notwithstanding the exquisite dtlicacy of some portions of the' test, nature was too seriously touched to he influenced by any fine drawn considerations of decorum, and frequent bursts of applause partially destroyed the spell in which she had woven the truly wonderful creation. But if it was MrB Kean's triumph to enjoy this first impression it was reserved to Her husband to arouse an equally powerful interest in the recital of those historic scenes which have a peculiar charm for a British audience, be they located in ever so remote a corner of the globe. It might be supposed that the introduction of "such com mon place utterances as stage exits and entrances would somewhat mar the effect of the dialogue, but by the consummate ricill of the reader, this soon wore off, until it was scarcely perceptible. In the closing scene of the great Cardinal's career, in his interview with Norfolk, Suffolk and Surrey, after his disgrace by. the king; and, especially, in the the final scene with bis old servant Cromwell, the man, the actor were no longer thought of. A living embodiment of the master spirit of Henry's reign, stood in all the majesty of in tellectual greatness before the spell bound audience, and when the last words were ub-ered it was some moments even before the audience recovered from rhe .illusion. In the second part a portion of Byron's beautiful poemThe Prisoner of Cbillon," was recited by Mr Kean with taste and feeling. And in "Wordsworth's pretty story " We are SeveD," Mrs Kean acknowledged the prolonged call of the audi ence for a repetition of the p^era. The suc eesses of the evening were concluded by th* I recitation of Campbell's 44 Lord TJllen's Daughter,4' after which both Mr and Mrs Kean were recalled and loudly applauded, la connection with the Keans* visit to Gee long, the following letter his been received by the Secretary of the Institute:—"B. W. Wheatland, Esq. Dear Sir,—Allow me to thank'you most sincerely for the trouble you have taken, and the attention you have.be stowed, in carrying out, in every respect, the wishes of Mrs Kean and myself with regard to the readings we gavo at the Mechanics' Insti tute. - The arrangements you* made by deco-' rating the hall with flags and drapery for the purpose of subduing the echo was perfect, and .nothing'could-'be. more satisfactory than the acoustic properties of the room. . Yours faith fully, Charles Keait. Geelong," 10th May, 1864." ■ The Board of Land and Works hav decided, on the representation of a deputatii introduced by Mr Lalor, not to pat {up th lands recently applied for. in the vicinity c Portarlington. The Queenscliff Court of-Petty Sessions 01 Saturday'4th instant, Captain Longden an -another magistrate being on the bench. Th -first ; case .called, Arbuckle v Nicholson, ha been" remanded from week to week forth pasV six weeks. The remands have in measure preyented the plaintiff from fulfillin an engagement on a cattle station up country It appears from the evidence that the plaintil went into the back yard of the defendant soli citing orders for his employer, Mr Craig. Th large dog was loose, which immediately sprue; upon him. biting his leg . right through th boot in several places, and that the defendan saw the occurrence, and would not lend hi hid to take the dog off, but went into his hous and left the plaintiff and dog in.battle. The de fendant stated, on oath, that he had repeated! cautioned the plaintiff; also told his employe not to come in the back way. The dog wa mostly always on the chain, but on tha day he bed let him loose - to shift; hii kennel,-, and he was no; present whei the affair took plaice. Mr Craig state? that he has repeatedly told the plaintii to take* the goods in the front way, * as lira -Nicholson desired. The bench read the Ac In reference to ferocious dogs being at large which they thought did not apply to this case as the dog was on the defendant's fenced tr piivate ground, and that be did not urge th< dog "to attack the plaintiff. C?se d:B:niss3d Three other cases called on had been sc-ttlec out of court. In the case of Jennings v Craig •the | plaintiff -sold the defendant "foui bags \ of flour, and now sought th< value of - the bags. The defendant stated that no mention of hags being returnee was made at the time of sale, and it was the usual custom of the trade not to charge for tin bass. He produced sever.*! invoices of sale.' where he was not charged for bags. Plaintil cilled tipoa bought two tons of fiour from the defendant about the same time uuder the impressior that the bags were inclnded in the term of sale, but ultimately the defendan I sent for the bags, which he had to return After this the bench ordered payment for th* bsgs with coals. The next case was under the fishery Jaws—Mr Browa el tie Cuaterns 5 Henry Hoping—the plaintiff stated that on ' the 2nd instant, about 3 a.m., he seized the defendant's net, set within a quarter of a mile ; off shore at Duck Island, one mile being the limit, allowed by law. Tho defen dant acknowledged the wroDg, bnfc pleaded poverty as ;the^ excuse; as it. had b;en blowing hard juat before and his family: were, • in ^ :bad circumstances,;' the beuch took this into .consideration, but commented strongly on the.injury he W2s doing to the fishing and to-his^ fellow fishermen. -The be^ch fined bim 203,but allowed the netTo be returned. This being his second offence, he 'was"cautioned ndfc'to come before" the Bench" again on a similar charge, as they wonld ' make an; example/of him. Mr Hinclicliff* I application'- for a slaughtering license -was I • granted.— ... - Although the restrictions imposed fcyrthe legislature of New Snuth "Wales on the sale of c denial wine are "fewer and lighter thari'S" this colony, the vignerons of the Hunter River ?eetn determined to go in for free trade pure and simple.. At an. agricultural dinner., held; lately at Parramatta, Governor; Young ap pealed to'the .wine-growers, with a slight sinuation of blame, to produce wine cheap, and in abundance,' that it may become in this colony, as in the wine-growing countries on tho Continent of Europe, tho popular beverf age, and supersede the use of ardent spirits^ The vignerons fired up at this slur upon tlieir enterprise, and .at the next meeting of the Hunters' River Yinegrowers* Association the' chairman': gave his Excellency some chaff in return; remarking:—"Before wine cah ! become cheap and abundant, as it is in France ! and Germany, the wine-growers here must b® put upon the same footing they stand upon in , those countries, and have a perfect free trado in wine. The law renders wine inaccessible to the working classes. How then are: they >ver!l to get a taste for it? Csn you go into any ! cheap restaurant in the colony arid get a glass 1 of wine with your dinner ?_ Can you go into any pastrycook's Bhop to get a frugal meal where you can wash it down with a glass of : wine ? Can you, when travelling over our hot; and duaty roads while giving your horses or! .bullock?, as the case may be, a drink at some friendly pool, slake your own thirst at some wayside inn with a glass of light wine? The answer on all • these occasions, and on all others when wine is inquired for is— 1 the law forbids it to be drunk on the pre mises.' How, then, are we ever to expect wine to become the national beverage? The; question then naturally arises—if w* produce wine in abundance what are we to do with it t Only two ways exist at present; either to con vert it into brandy, which is not allowed to be arid, or to put it into cosks to rot in the cellars. Consequently, as his Excellency very justly! remarks, the aim of the wine-grower is limited j to producing fine wine for rich men's table3." A Mr Wyndham, at the same meeting, urged 1 the importance of permitting wine growers to make brandy; from their damaged .grapes, j " He had, last season, seven thousand gallons of must, of which he could have made a thou sand gallons of brandy, but which bring use* less for wine making, he was obliged to throw awav." The long standing dispute between the Koh-i-noor Company and the Cosmopolitan Company of Ballarat, was settled yesterday, on terms considered favorable to both. parties. Two linos have been drawn, the Cosmopolitan Company undertaking to work the ground and pay the Koh-i-noor Company 11 per cent out of the gros3 yield from the disputed ground. According to the Maryborough Advertiser, a Blrong disinclination prevails among the occu piers of land held under miner's rights to be came purchasers of the freehold title at the upset price fixed by the Government, as it is universally* considered to be far beyond the actual value of the land. This was clearly apparent at the Government land sale held on Friday last at Maryborough, when 4.9 subur ban lots situate at the Adelaide Lead, between the intersection of the Avoca road and Am herst, were offered for sale, only 10 of; which obtained purchasers, and those ten at the up set price- It will be found a difficult matter to find buyers.for scrubby rangey land, such as is to be found in the vieinity of our gold working?, at an upset price ranging from L3.to L10 per acre. A luminous fungus is thus noticed by the Talbot Leader—" This district is remarkably prolific of curiosities, and something new is constantly turning up around us. We have now before us a luminous. mushroom, by which, in a dark room last night, we, were able to distinctly read the head lines of several newspapers. As a curiosity of the vegetable kingdom, this mushroom is well worthy of attention." The Ballarat Evening Post adds : " The fungus alluded to is common in the Bungaree and Warrenheip districts, and has he appearance of a lamp a little distance on a dark night." Bearing in mind the recent gold discoveries which have brought such a flood of sudden prosperity on the town of Nelson, the fol- lowing introduction to the Nelson Examiner's last mail summary, printed a very few days only before the occurrence of the rush, has remarkable significance:—" If we sat down on these summary days to give what is called the bright side of the picture, we should some- times find it difficult to procure the materials for such a purpose. It is always twilight with us, and not broad noon-day, but let us hope it is the twilight of the morning, and not of the evening. We have not much to encourage us in any such hope, only a broad streak on the horizon now and then, but that is something, and we are by no means uncouscious of the importance of progress in the art of making the most of a little." What a host of old pro- verbs these remarks, coupled with subsequent events, call up to the hopeful mind ! Geelong Infirmary and Benevolent Asylum, 9 th Hay, 1864 No ofin«patiente remaining 28tli April... 321 AdmUted'since '... 12. — 133 No. of in-patients discharged since 28th " April « ... 11 Do died do .> 2 —i- 13 No. remaining May 5th 120 No. of attendances on out-patients during week ...' 