1IOMB AND FOEEIP-n TALK. {Iran V ii Mime New, JUuu 16.) Our talk in London, for Ihe Jast. wcet or fortnight, has, of oourso, been quadrupedal, a. »'.i| easily b« imagined by any ol« «ho hepptns to recollect 1 yesterday waa the Derby Day. 1 may almost aay (be clubs beoome a nuisanoo at the time of the great Br, festival, for the talk gets so terribly 11 horsey, Bv'jo the quiet inen, and ihone who know putbing more about a race than that it is a feat performed by a Certain number of well-bred horses in the presenoe of an n&certafn; number of men, who for the most part are Ill-bred, share the excitement, juct as Dio genes roiled his tub under the influenoe of the general agitation* Moreover, these quietlsta are usually moved to put their names down for the sweepstakes, and though they do not care what horse wins (supposing their own draw has no chance, as usually happens), they have strong hopes and fears as to what man on the olub list may obtain the prize. It is aggravating to see the two or three hundred pounds go to seme very rloh fellow who doesn't want the money at all, or (o somo hungry, unpopular, snarling nan who wanla it very muoh indeed, and in tbe absence of extreme oases, it is matter of growl when tbe luck goes to somebody who scarcely ever oomes near the club, snd whose name fs unkaowa to the majority of members. Tp one of these three olaesee the winning horse is generally thrown, and thsn men deolare they will never put in again, and they never do until the following May. All our disoussions and apprehensions are of ooursa now over, Mr. W» l'Anson's horse, nazaed Blair Athol, having yesterday won tbe Derby for 1861. Ciroumetanceo over which I had no control, and my respected medical attendant had not muoh, prevented my attending the race, but, having read the Derby litera ture for the last quarter of a oentury, I con scientiously allege, in any form presoribed by any AoL of Parliament for the abolishing needless affidavits, and substituting declarations in lieu thereof, that I do not believe that a single atom ol new descriptive metier in re gard to the race or its incidents oan be supplied by the most imaginative rep.rter that can be sent to Bpsom. A French* men might do it or a Japanese Ambassador, or an Ameri can. but I am, nsbeppfly, neither of tbe three. we were taiaicg it Garibaldi when 1 last wrote, but that subject is now forgotten, of ooaree. The persons who were disappointed that the upper classea took the great Italian into their oars, did their utmost to get up a dis turbance about his going away without visiting the pro vinces, but no sensation oould be created. A meetiog on Primtoee-hll, with which they supplemented the planting of the Shakespeare oak, was, as I mentioned, dltpersed by the polioe, but Government very sensibly allowed another to be holden, and it went eff in nmoke. A deputation went to scold Mr* Gladstone for hie part In the dismissal of Garibaldi, but hia exquisite courtesy and elaborated precision of explanation, with a sarcasm eo well veiled ' that it could not be made matter of offence, were too much for the eocueers, and they retired grumbling out a sort of eatisfaotion, at which Mr. Gladstone oeolared him self delighted beyond measure. Garibaldi was taken away in tbe Duke of Sutherland's yacht, and & Mayor and the Aldermen of the place when he departed were broken hearted, for they had prepared the usual onslaught, but were told that the wind was too good to be loet for the sake of their platitudes, He is now safe in Caprera. Cardinal Wiseman has emitted a pastoral, in which he al ludes to Garibaldi's expressed admiration for the Frenoh Revolution, and its adoration of the Goddess of Reason (an unlucky lapsus penna, otrteinly), a&d; asks what must the Church of England be when many of its dignified clergy were 6ttn shaking hands with a man who had avowed such sentiments. The Cardinal is a very smart person— too smart, I fancy, to be made Pope in plaoe of his present Holiceee, whose successor it is said that it has been neces sary iO select. The Queen is in Ihe Highlands. I have neither intention nor desire to say more upon a disagreeable subjeot than is necessary, but having undertaken to report ' what ia said/' I can hardly avoid a reference to the matter. There is no doubt that the views and wishes of her Majesty, in reference to the Dano-Germsn war, are those whioh might be expected from the daughter, widow, and mother-in- law of German royalty, These views and wishes are not thOBe of the heir apparent, the husband of a Danish prinoess, tnor ere they tbo&e; of the majority &-f the people. But that Is all that enght to be said upon the eubjeot. English men have their own feelings, but are perfectly able to make allowances for the feelings of others, and especially for those ofa Sovereign, who from the moment of her accession has deserved and obtained our beet affections. Were the Queen to come among the people to-morrow, her reception would be one ofthemost unbounded loyalty, notwithstanding that most of ns wish that should hostilities succeed the expiry of the armistice, the Prussian army may receive a defeat. nrri i he- Aticfrim afcfna Ka TIT#. ? l parade our loyalty, except upon rare occasions, but we keep it, and do not allow accidents to interfere with ft. Tbat the Prinoe of Wales should be all on the eide &f; his Princess's family is as natural, and more gratifying. By the way, his royal Highness has inaugurated his pnblfo career by taking the chair at the banquet of the Literary Fund, and by delivering a very fresh and pleasant speech, evidently of bis own composing, in which he paid a grace ful tribute to the late Mr, Thackeray (ol whose works he is understood to be a sincere admirer), and in which, iu a toucbingly frank manner, he regretted that all his own father's speeches had not been fully reported. Tbe London season is well on, and one is remioded of Sir G. Cornewall Lewis's speech, worthy ef Roohefouoauld, that 41 life would be very tolerable, but for its pleasures.' Everybody is everywhere. But either there iB eo much talk that there is ne time for conversation, or there Is an absence of salient topics, for I have seldom known a May fn which there has been less to disonss. We have had some trcmendoufly hot weather, which came all ofa sudden, and 'he glass fn the sun was at 110 degrees, and for about a week this created a real sensation, but some fierce thunderstorms have cleared the atmosphere, and we are now almost cold £gain. I do not know whether the habit of talking meteorology, when friends meet, has gone out to Australia with other accomplishments, but If eo, you oan understand the advantage of these changes to our conversationists. What else do people talk about? Let me see. Well, I dined out two or three days ago (or 1 might have been able to go to the Derby) and I had the advantage of sitting next to a very charming married lady, who knew everything, at least, and told me most cf it. She said, among a thousand ? and one other things, that it was aU very well to talk (and 1 it is, if yen oan talk as ahe did) but that Lord Palmerston was by no means so etrong as it was^ the thing to say, that though he occa sionally had oapital fits and starts of Parliamentary energy, he was very often by no means up to his work, and that he Ought to take Care of bitnielf. At the sama t.imn. aha aai'J laughing, that though she would not say whether she was, or wasn't, a bit of a believer in the supernatural, she did not think that the phosphorio appearanoes which had been so much talked about, as having been seen in the sheet of water at hie placa, Brooket-hatl, had any significance. But he would have to give up hard work, and let us have a new Premier very soon. Ah ! But who is to be the new man ? Well, gentlemen must settle that, poor women knew nothing, but did I think that Mr. Gladstone had gone out of his way fur nothing ? ^ (Thie referred to a speech whioh Mr. Gladstone has astonished the world with, one in which he declared that the time had come for extending the suffrage to the working classes, and in which he give hiB support to a bill for reducing borough voters from £10 to £6.) Well, Mr, Gladstone was a very clever and very ambitious man and if he saw that the Tories, who have won a great many elections and think they oan oust the Cabinet, would make their rtuh, he intended te hoist the Radical flag, and have a Ministry of his own. Here, and leaving you to imagine that at this moment the whitebait interrupted ns, I may mention that I put thie suggestion of my accomplished friends to a man who supposes himself to be in tbe enjoyment of full Ministerial confidence, and I am bound 'to say that he does piok up some early facts. He asserted that the Chancellor of the Exchequer had no such selfish ideas, and that he wes ( feeling the ioe' for his oolleagues, who would not be indisposed to play a reform tramp, if their opponents' band proved very strong. Anyhow Mr, Glad stone's speech has caused a great agitation, a&d; the ultras have held -meetings, and proclaimed him as their own Oxford is very wrathful, and advises him to try Finsnury at the next election, ob IbIb blushes behind her veil for her o&oe; favourite son. Bat leaving that lady, let me recarn to mine, who farther informed me That both the operas are very dull this year, and that the direotors ought to be made to bring out something new, instead of perpetually giving music of whioh every school girl knows every note. That Herr Waohtel, with his one firework note, is a mere imposition, and oan*t sing at all. That Mario ia, of course, delightful, when he oan do hie work, but he is always breaking down, and takes no oareof himself. That certainly he has learned Faust, but how has he leaned it, and you cannot say that he has mastered the part, and how ehould he? fie has the musioat home, -and now and then he looks at It, smoking his dread- 1 Jul cigars, and then /hie singlng- mastercomes, and makes him know some of it, more or less as the case may be, and oftener less than more, and then ho oomea oat, a&d; if he happens to be In tolerable voloe that night, go pretty well. But he will not know the part nntil he has sung it through two seasons, and then, if lie has a voloe, it will be oharmmg, but meantime the world goes round. As lor ratti, -ahe fever? clever, no doubt, and her popularity isox traordinary, but so was that of Picoolomini, who used to oome np to a note, aad If she .did not like It, would josap over it, like a horse over a five-barred gate. Bat ahe was not a great artist, and her voloe had been worked muoh too hard, who else was there to talk about ? And ao if things were not dull enough, we were to have Fidelia. (Lovely music. I humbly interpolated.) Why, it was Beethoven, and it was not the thing to be profane, but wasn't it dull ? And 1 at Covent-garden, there was nothing but ringing the changes on the Prophett Eobertf and the Mugttenols. Here I would bave an innings, and spoke of the death of i Moy erbeer, the grandest composer of the day. Very well, no dotbt, but we have had enough of the old works. Whom was his Afrtcaine , whioh has been promised for tbe last tea years? Why was it not brought out at onoe, and not at tha fag-end of the season, when everybody was out of town ? Of course, one must ge to the Opera, bat never were subscribers so ill-treated, and next year nobody would su'.soribeat all. Here came some trout, with ioed sauoe, end we dropped the musicians, But Ihad muoh more io be told, and, inter aliat That it was quite right of Lord De Grey to make an ex ample ef the War-office olerks who played chicken-hazard to offlde hours. It waa very hard, of ooaree, upon men who *nad risen to the head of their department, and were unfit fer other employment, that they ehould be turned out, and of the fund* But a severe example waa wB&tea;, for there were hundreds of young omd- of tolerable principles, but not very strong mtnds, who thought it wai tfne to imitate their superiors, end who might take to gamble, a&d; bring themselves and their families to ruin. Komething might be done by end by, for the men who had Uf& lurned ont, but all mothers must be tn» df-bttd to Lord De Grey for having read the lesson. Besides, it wa* nucb a temptation to wrong tha oountry. A man who is In en ofllce of Uust must hear things whioh it might be worth many a person's while to pay fer knowing (lor instance, she knew somebody who had seen the whole Budget before It came ouf), end suppose a gambler chose to make np hie losses by letting a secret be known in oer* tain quarters. 1 said that 1 did not believe these latter con siderations actuated her at all, women oarod nothing about the publlo, bnt she was thinking of her own two elegant sons who were both in Government employ* Hence arose, a slight coolneas, whioh lasted until the dessert, when ws beoame I once more friends, and 1 heard tbat the Aoademy exhibi- j tfen was rather better than usual, but that there was no , picture of mark (and I knew, but schooled by experienoe, i did not say tbat thie meant that there was no vulgar, literal j painting of something everybody had aeen, and therefore | crowded to see on canvas, nntil a policeman was needful to I coiBDe) eirenlflHon'i: ihat thare wera two AnrAnir-ontanfra at the Zoological-gardenB, but bad specimens, not worth showing; that if I bad not heard anj thing about a divoroe wbloh was going to set everybody talking, she was not going to be the first to tell me of it (she did, later) ; (hat Mr. Olsraeli had republished his youthful 11 Revolu tionary Spick, M in d&fiance; of people who eald he had advocated tyrannicide, but that ha had altered theobjeotion able paeejge into perfeot harmlessness ; that she hiad read the fitst number of Mr. Dlokenn's new story, but oould not make up her mind whether it was going to Interest bor or not, but that if Mr. Trollope had never drawn any charaoter but Lily Dale he ought to be Immortal, only tbe end of the book was so unsatisfactory ; that she seldom went to a theatre. bemnsA thev ran trieoas for two years, but that the two or three novelties had all been bad, and Mr. Sothern's Garriok-was a sad descent from his Dundreary ; that these Greenwich dinners were a great deal too Jo&g; (pleasant for me), but tbat now, thank gracious, they were going to get np— that we were not to smoke too much, and tbat the carriages were ordered at ten o'clock. BeaUy, I do not know tbat there is muoh to add this time to tbe Information which I received under the circumstances mentioned. Shall I say that a book is in the press whioh will have great interest both for us and for you, the Diary of Mr, Stuart, the Australian explorer? It Is soon to be published, with engravings and oapital maps, and has been edite d by a gentleman in every way oompetent to do justice to the hard; end gallant explorers, At Hampton, on tho banks of the Thames, and at one of its most beautiful parts, stands a large i and not elegant heuse which ia Interesting ae I having been built by tbe great actor, David Garrick. I On the lawn In front is a temole. as it is oalled. which the I sctor erected in questionable honour of Shakespeare, and for which Horace Walpole (who had then learned to ad mire the fashionable artist in whom he saw little when Garrick waB only making his way) wrote a not very neat inscription. The house and grounds have long been in the hands of some wealthy tradesfolk, and they are now offered for sale at tbe auction mart. I was visiting a friend in tho neighbourhood on Sunday, and in spite of an ediot we managed to talk and bribe our way into the house. The rooms, with one exception, are not good* but thera is a fine drawing-room, with bay window, whioh is very in teresting, being in exaotly the state in whioh Garrick loft it. The walls are adorned with large Chinese designs, and the great old embroidered chairs one oould easily fill, by a slight effort of imagination, with Joh&scn;, Burke, Reynolds, Goldsmith, and the rest of The Olub. derrick's bed toom, whioh is in two parts, com prising 6 sort of alcove in which is the bed, ornamented with tbe oelebrated China hangings (whioh he had so muoh trouble to get through the Customhouse that the grievance became historical), and a lofty arched apartment, that conll be shut off by a curtain, iB also worth note. It is decorated with some gtaceful medallions, and with looking glasses which are composed of many pieceB, for there were no gigantic sheets of glass in those days. The grounds are delightful, end there is an (leyot' or *(ait' of the ThameB that goes with them. The road cuts the lawn, but there iB a subterranean way to the river, and this tunnel was suggested by Dr. Johnson. There is no time for an Aus tralian millionaire to send over tarte blanche to save the piece, and I hear tbat it is to be bought at almost any price byar/ch tailor, whose emissaries chalk the walls with vulgar recommendations to try his goods, and heannounocs that he ehall pull the house down, in order, I suppose, to build a Snip Villa. We may surely expect that as one of the authors of a Drury-lane (- address' that was rea«lv ' rejected,' wrote,— ' The troubled shade of Garrick, hovering near, Will drop in Tha&es;'s wave a pitying tear,' I do not touoh foreign matters, but it would seem strange to omit all mention of the awful struggle now ragi&g; in America, or to leave it to be supposed that we do set e?eak of it. On Epsom Downs, yesterday, there assembled at leaBb 200.000 persons to enioy themselves, and to witness the contest of some magnificent horses. The same papers whioh reoord this tell us that within a few days' steaming, at least 200,090 men epeaking onr language, were meeting early in the ! month to slaughter one another, and that they kept at the bloody work for six days, including a Sabbath* We do not ! forget such horrors, even in our own mirth, and we pray ! tbat tha fratrioidal oontest may soon be brought to an end. ! Grant, the Federal, appears to be a leader of the British | buildog kfnd, and he has certainly advanoed towards Rich mond, though it seems only to get nearer to lines and defences against which hia armies will be hurled in vain. We hear a good deal about theatrical matters in Aus tralia, and you may like to know that our theatres are aH very busy,, except Drury-lane, which has just olosed, and iB to let. The sensation of the moment is an elaborate re vival of Hamlet, by Mr. Fechter, at the Lyoeum, He has some fine coenery, and a most artlatio ghost, only the ghost ia too fat, and not very solemn, and iB ohiefly admired I for his clever disappearances. Miss Kate Terry has made a great success in Ophelia, as was expeoted. An attempt at a Morality Flay, after the old fashion, by Mr. Tom Taylor, haB not been reoeived with muoh favour at the Olympio. It has many defeote, but its real sin in the eyes of the oritios, who are singularly devoted slaves to managers, is that it treads on too many oome. I suppose yon will not be much oonoerned to know that Mr. Webster and Mr. Boucicault are vituperating each other in letters, apropos of a very bad comedy whioh the latter sold to the former as original, but whioh of course was taken from the French. Miss Bateman oontinues to draw oapital houses to her Zeal, which she wilt play to the end of her engage* ment. and then she will have a rest, and probably a country round, returning to town when tbe winter season begins. This charming young artict has achieved a most legitimate sucoess, without adventitious aid, and solely by her fresh, womanly, end sympathetic aoting. 4 Mr. Punch' dedicates ? to her the following epigram, with whioh I conclude my ; present deepatch A Political organ declares with a sigh Tbat reformers are rightly for indolence blamed, And that what we all waat is A Very Good Cry Of ichivh no clots of citizen need be ashamed, 41 Mr, Punch' has observed tbe appeal, and would 6tate That the article -wanted has come from Judasa ; And now may be had every night, about VIII. Cf his gifted young friend, ilise Kate Josephine Leah , The new buiUing of tbe Morgue, or dead-house, has just been oocapleted behind the Cathedral of Notre Dame, 'be- tween the bridge of St Louis and that of the Bishop's I palace. Its figure 'is that of a triangle, whose base forms i the front. Ithas three large gates, which open to a spaoious ball. At the bottom, and parallel to the fapade, is the room I in which dead bodies are exposed io view ia order that they may be claimed. This room is separated from the hall by a i long window with inside curtains, which may be drawn I when ncceBBary. There are twelve tables of blaok marble* , and tbo room is lighted from the -celling* There is aplen ; tiful supply of water, and the ventilation is perfeot. There is a room for the guardians of the Morgue at the right of the cntranoe-hall, and an office for the registrar at the left. There are four inscriptions engraved on the walls, inform ing the publio that there is no charge for a body claimed, and that every servioe rendered by the assistants is gratui tous. The object of thiB inscription, four times repeated, is to -£o away with a long existing prejudioe that everybody claiming a dead body should fn some oases pay 261 and in others £0f. The superintending magistrate of criminal affairs found it necessary so long haok as the year 1736 to .post a notioe at the gate of the prison of the Cha* telet, informing the publio that there was no charge for a dead body claimed ; but as many were unable to read at that period, the prejudice against claiming « dead body still existed. No effort has been apared to protect the health of all persons oonneoted with this establishment, A photo graphic apparatus is likewise to he found there, by which the likes sss of the unclaimed bodies iB preserved. The Vienna journals mention an incident of the same kind ae the disappearance of Voltaire's and Rousseau's re mains from the Pantheon. It appears that the head of Haydn was separate*! from the body and takon away a week after his interment by the dlreotor ofa house of correction (M. Peter), who wiehed lo study the skull of the oelebrated composer* The head afterwards passed into the possession of several persons, and was but very reoenUy presented to the Conservatory of Music at Ttenns, where ft fs now pre served* A letter from Hornp Hav says u The end of General Da Plot woe that of a horo. Being surprised at the head of hie division by the Prussian torrent, he first gave way after receiving two sabre wounds. Borne of his men ran towards him, as if to afford aid. * There must bo something more to make one die,' he exolalmed, ? follow me!' and with seme hundreds of his men he arrived at the battery No* 5. There, while sealing the parapet, he was hit by a ball In tbe breast, which passed through his body, and he fell, Two officers were about to have him removed, when be cried out, * Every man to his plaoe and forward I# Saying these words he expired*' General Du Flat's corpse had two laurel wreaths round its head when it came into his friends' hands, end these the Prussian o£5cer who ocoompanfed it aoross the strait to Alsen stated W6re laid on the brow of the dead hsro by no less illus trious bands than those of Pilnoe Frederlo Oharles and Marshal Wrangel, who wished to show before the eyes of their whole army in what estimation they held an enemy's valoat. ?' Pity,' says the limes* Danish correspondent, 'that the general's gallantry did not entitle him to have his boots restored to him ; but the Germans are evidently mad after Danish ahoe leather, and tha bodies of all, with out exception, who fell on the Dappel heights, wen* broupht back to ub in their Boeks.' * ' WWe A Vienna journal had announced that the AbbeLuolen Bonaparte wae to be raised to the dignity of Cardinal In order that he might be properly qualified to be elected Sovereign or Pontiff. The Cologne Gaultt remarks that tbe three Catholio Powers have a right to protest against any semination of the kind and tbat a Pope oan never be a reiAiive of a reigning European dynasty. The news of the semination of Mgr. de Mertde to the post of Papal Nunoio at Mexico, given by the same journal, is said to De also un founded M. Allard, a distinguished painter at Lyons, who at tbe commencement of the winter went ti- Rome with his mother, wile, and four children, to study the great masters, has just been murdered in his studio. When fouod he was In a djing state, having reoeived no Iosb than sixteen wounds on the head with a heavy instrument. The mur derer Is believed to bo a man who sat to him as a model for a picture representing Judas giving tbe kiss to our Saviour. The model ua» sitting for the figure of the betrayer. The man hae been 6(nce arrested at Civita Vecohla. Another murder, a double one, has sullied the streets of Rome within the last few days. At the Sallta dl Cres ot-tfca, near the Panthoon, a boy had been buy ing salad of a gardener. As usual at Rome, a good deal of bargaining took plaoe as to the amount of herbs to be considered equivalent to the preffered coin, Ihe boy insisting on the addition of a oelery root, which he finally took, nolens volent, and was about to carry off in his bnndlo, when the enragod vender ruuhtd upon him and kicked him so violently as to oause immediate dea-h. The melancholy sequel of the story is tbat the 1 father of the boy, infuriated at hiB ssn's slaughter, sei&ad; a i knife and overtook the gardoner whilst being led off by the police, killing him actually in the hands of the gen darmes. Ajoung woman of Troy, Amorloa, of considerable beauty, eged twenty-one, and it is said of spotlesB charaoter, has consented to be put up for a raffle, to be disposed of, body and soul, to the lucky drawer. This beats our fastest of fast young ladieF. Marshal Wrangel, now in Denmark, celebrated his 80th bbtbday on the 13th of April. 1 be ' 246th day of the siege' 1s ohrontcled by the Charle&ton; Mci cnry*& the u quietest that the city has known for a long time. Not a shell was thrown at the time, and not a gun was fired.' The Marseilles journals state that some fears were enter tained at the theatre of that plaoe a few evenlnga baok that a Jftfmnpsn dn#ll VU ahnnf t/l talra nlana A nna»al f/vrslr place between two of the persons belonging to the embassy. They were seen to write something on two small pieces of I paper, which were thrown into a hit. Fortunately, before they had drawn lots, their friends had succeeded in recon ciling them, otherwise the one who drew the paper con taining the word (i Death' would havo been bound to shut himself up in his room and put himself to death. One of the members of tbe Japanese embassy has just died at Marseilles. The ambassadors, ou reoeiving infor mation of this fnoident, sent instructions that the hair of deceased should be out off and brought to Paris; that no priest should accompany the funeral, and an ordinary ooffin should be used, and be enveloped in white linen before tn homation. They also ordered the ground for ths tomb to be purchased in perpetuity, and announce their intention of shortly forwarding the model of a mausoleum to bs erected. The ^ Japanese ambassadors intend, it is said, to remain in Franoe for eIx weoke, and in Europe one } ear. Tbey are now having European garments made for them; Tbey were recently present at the repre sentation of the ballet of La Mawhera. A platform over tbe parterre had been fixed for them, and they were accom panied by a dozen officers attached Lo the mission. They all appeared to take great interest in the performance. Between the acts they were oonduoted over tbe house, and the working of the machinery particularly attracted their atknticn. 1 he culogium on Joan of Arc, on the occasion of tho 435'h anniversary of the delivery of the town of Orleans bv lhftt fcfrm'r.n. mill Via rioliVarori »V.*c vnar nn the ftfh ftf May, by Mgr Dupanloup, bishop of that see. Tbe three hundredth anniversary of the publioatioo of (he first book printed at Moscow was oelebrated iu that city some days sincc. The work iu question, entitled, 'The Apostles,' was written in the 'eccleeiaBtical Sclavonic language, and appeared in 1501, in the reign of Ivan Wassilieviti h. On the occasion of this fete there was an exhibition of the mofct ancient productions of the Ruseian preeB. A flying machinc, defigned for military purposes, hae been successfully tested at Washington. A tree was recently cut down iu California, the circum ference cf whioh is ninety feet, and its height 325 feet. The tree contained 250k0G0 feet of timber. Its age is estimated fit about 3100 years. The wood was sound and very solid. The Federal Coundl of Switzerland has ordered tbe im mediate establishment of a depot for the concentration of war material, fn order to increase the means of defence at the dUposal of the Confederation, Ihe 44 Friendly Sons of St. Patriot,' of New York, discovering that a grand niece of Dr. Oliver Goldsmith was residing at Hoboken, in necessitous circumstances, made immediate provision for her relief by endowing her with an annuity of 3H- dollars for life. The people of the Cape Verde Islands, it appsars, aro suffering fearfully from famine, especially the' Island of St Jsgo. Thousands of poor creatures are l-ing about under walls and hedges in the neighbourhood of the town of Porto Prayo, who have deserted their homes and made for tho town in the hopes of being fed. Many from the more distant part of the island died on their way, unable to reach the town. Starvation and death are making fear ful havoc amongst them. All the other islands are visited nearly as badly, and the best informed people eay that two thirds of the inhabitants must die. There are no provisions in the islands and very little money. She Russian joaraak men two the oooarence ot a melanchcly tragedy at Lipetsk, in the government of Tam beff. A retired sub-lieutenant, named Orloff, hae just killed hie cousin, Mdlle, Apollinaire Sokoloff, by shooting her with a pistol at her own request. The two cousins were deeply enamoured of each other, but their relationship being an obstacle to their union, the lady begged her lover to put an end to her life, and ihe latter in a moment of frenzy, only too faithfully executed her wishes. A Canadian paper sajs^ that during the last 12 months communication by electric telegraph has taken place be tween London and Tuvnen, in Siberia, a distance of 4039 miles. The continuation to Nicolaiwski, on ths Pacific, is , now probably accomplished, and the connection, via Cali fornia, with New York, is confidently looked for iu 1865. Several of the continental journals state that the visit to Copenhagen of the Grand Duke Nicholas of RusBia, eldest son of the Emperor Alexander, is generally considered in Denmark as connected with a projeot of marriage between tbat prince and the Princess Dsgmar, one of the daughters u- sung vsonsuan ia. The Journal Villes et Campagnes says ' The Prin cess Anna Murat is a Protestant, but for some time pass ebe has been reoeiving private religious instruction from M, Deguerry, cure of the Madeline, with a view to her con vert ion to ^ Catholicism. The resolution of the princess is said to be definitely taken, and the day fixed for her abjuration id not far distant.' The Societe Politique Helvetia Genevoise has addressed a protest to the Federal Council against the decree expeUing Mszzini from Switzerland, The Federal Council, on this proteet being brought forward, passed to the order of Ihe day. The Quebec Gazette of the 20th April says 44 This after noon, between I and 2 o'clock, a smart shook ol earth quake was felt throughout this city, lasting for several seconds. The houseB were eo violently shaken that all who were in them made their way to the etreetas quick as pos sible* We are happy to state that no damage was done, s? far aB we have heard, except the falling of a few biicke from chimneys. The atmosphere at the time was clear, with a strong breeze from tbe northeast* Tho present shock : exceeded in power that which we experienced iu October, I860.' j The Island of Niihau has been sold by the Hawaiian Government to Messrs. Sinclair, for 10,000 dollars, to be used as a sheep farm. It is 18 or 20 miles long by 5 or C miles wide, and is good grazing ground. A gardener of Yvetot (Seine-Inferieure) hae discovered simple manner of ridding a garden of caterpillars. A niefia rf wnnllen efnff hatrfner fuwn l/ufooA In a tvna wind, was found to have beoome covered by those fnseots. The man seeing that result plaoed eoveral other pieces on different trees, and the caterpillars settling on them In the night he was able to destroy a quantity every morning* A new pass across the Andes has been duoovsred, a railroad has been projected through it from Chili to the Argentine Republic. It will he 87 miles long, have an elevation of 6000 feet, cost a million and a half ster ling, and require four years to make ft. It will asoend the Teno Valley and descend that of the Rio Grande, a tribu tary of the Rio Negro, whioh forms the frontier between the Argentine Republio and Patagonia. A remarkable case of longevity is mentioned as having occurred fn the commune of St. Gemme (Gfronde), where a woman, the widow of a farmer named Barbe, has just died et the 6ge of 1C6 years and three months. She was born in the reign of Louis XV., in 1767, the year of the battle of Rosbach and of the attempt of Damlen. A remark able particularity is stated In the local journals oonneoted with this woman— namely that she lived principally on garlic and sbalots. The Italian ironclad Re Galantuomo arrived at Naples on May 4. Her crew were In exoellent health ; vast crowds assembled to see her, and greeted her with loud cheers. The Brussels journals mention that there is living at Villiers le Gambou, in Belgium, a woman named Bourre tambour, aged 103. She enjoys all her faoultles, is able te lead without glasses, and recently joined in a danoe during the last fete in the village. A society has ju6t been established at St. Petersburg to disseminate Instruction among the Jews residing in Russia. In tbe first sitting, lately held, the question was debated how to generalise as much as possible the Russian language and elementary knowledge. Correspondence from Constantinople oontains painful details of the Immense Immigration ot Circassians into Turkey, caused by the surrender of Vardar, the last Cir cassian stronghold, and the consequent resolution of three tribes to abandon their oountry. 27,000 Circassians have already arrived at Treblzond, and it is supposed that within two or three months at least 300,000 more will seek refuge In Turkey. The most ehookt&g; misery prevails amone these unhappy wanderers, In spite of the effoi ta made by the Turkish Government to alleviate their sufferings and settle them in some of its most thinly-populated territories. It is proposed to enlist 20,000 of them in the Turkish army ; end it is estimated that the Saltan's treasury will be drained of at least £1,000,000 for tbe support and establish ment of the vanquished tribes whioh are flying from their Ruteien conquerors into his dominions* A physlolan named Pommerais was reoently tried in Paris for themurder, by poisoning, of a widow named Paaw, who had sane two years previously been his mistress. The trial laited eight days. Pommerais had insured the widow's Hfo for £22,000 at eight insurance offices, and had told her that after her death this would secure to her orphan child ren 3000 franos a year. He paid ihe insurance policy for the first quarter ; but before the second beoame due, he in duced his viotim to simulate Illness for some days, stating that she would be visited by a doctor from the insurance authorities, and if sbo appeared at the time to be very 111, Pommerais oould compound with the insurance offices far a sum of ready money. Pommerais vfrlted tho deceased dally for some lime, and administered somo medloine to her some hours previous to her death, which was attended with all the symptomB which characterise the absorption of poison. Ibis was not the first viotim of Pommerais' viUany. Two years previously be got rid of his mother-in-law by similar means. The presiding judge stated that the prisoner had several times attempted to commit auioide in prison ; oncc be took verdigris, at another time he opened a vein, and he alto wounded himself in the nose bo as to produce vio lent hemorrhage. Tho prisoner said he was driven to these aots bv desnair. but he vehementlv nrotested his fnnooenoe. The jury found tbe prisoner guilty of poisoning the widow De Fauw. No mention of extenuating oiroumetanoes having been made, Le Pommerais was condemned to death. Among tbe main points rslied upon by the proseoution were * — That tbe deoeasod died of poison ; that the poison was of the nature of those whioh, belonging to the vegetable kingdom, might leave no characteristic traoes in tbe organs, and might not be eliminated by ohemioal analysis, but whioh revealed f heir presence by their effrots, and were disoovsred by tho deadly aolion which they exerolsed upon living animals; end that digitalis was one of tbeee poisons. A pointing cate has occurred at Turin* A carbineer r-filcer stood arraigned for making away with his wife, and after muoh investigation and plausible evidence against him, it turned ont that the dead body submitted tor chem cal anab sis, and found deoldedly to contain poison, happens not to be tbe wife's remains at all, another ooffin having been mistaken for that lady's. The King of Dahomey has made another raid into the Voruba country, but baa been driven baok with heavy loss. Instead of ravaging tbe Invaded oountry, and carrying off thousands of the population to be seoriQced to his Idols, or sold to the Elavtholders on the ooaet, he has lost 1000 of his troops in killed, and as many havo been wounded. A new paik for Paris ia being opened at tho Bottes St. Chaumont. The Venetian Chamber of Notaries has just rejeoted an invitation made by the Government to admit to tbat body pcrfODK of iho Jewish religion. Tbe Pi pe has jutt nominated the President of the Re* VLfclcr, and haB charged the Archbishop of Port-au-Princs to deliver to him tbe insignia. A Coblentz letter states that the royal obafeauof Stol zenfels was broken into one night last week, when the thieves carried off tho sword presented to the Bmjperor Napoleon 1. by the city of Paris, on the oocasion of the birth of the King of Rome. This redo was found by the Prussians in the Imperial oarriage after the battle of Wa terloo. A sabre which formerly belonged to Murat, King of Naples, was also stolen. The hilts and soabbarda of tboEe two orms were of pure gold, and riohly ornamented with precious stones. The two blades have sinoe been found, whioh fact seems to show tbat the robbery was com mitted for the intrinsic value of tho ornaments only. The Southampton papers record the death of Mr. John Bull&r;, a native of that town, and who lived in it nearly ninety years. For forty yeat b of his life he was engaged in tuition, and cducaicd a great number of the principal persons in the town, ilia first pupil is now living, at nearly seventy yean of age. On Mr. Bui Jar's retinroent his pupilB presented him with a purse of 500 sovereigns. Eicce April lltyb, seventy-one joint-stock banks have been registered. At the May meetings which have just been held in E&eter-; hall, the Church Missionary Society reported its year's incomc at £ 164,247, including about £20,000 raised in the missions IhciDEclvrB ; the WeMcyan Mi*eionary Society bad re ceived £134,258 in the year ; tbe London (the Congre gationaliet), £81,072 ; the Baptiat, £34,419. The British and Foreign Bible Society received in the past year £8(J,6^7 fer general purposcB, in addition to £79,007 from sales of Bibles ; the Lcndon Society for Promo' ing Christianity among the Jews, £32,CS0. The TVcsleyan Missionary Society iB now raising itB jubilee sprcial fund, which already amounts to £170,000. This May tbe Church Pastoral Aid 8ocicty has reported iu year's income ae £44,545; the London City Mission, £42,470 ; tbe gcrip tnre Rcadere* Society, £11,193 ; the Army Scripture Readers' £9477 ; tbe Home Missionary Society, £6508, Tbe Irish Church Mispions, a society which adopts a piural title, has fought ite way to an incomc of £2G,G72. Tbe Soci ty for the Propagation of the uespei in foreign fans reports an income lor toe year ei and tbe Additional Curates Society is stated to havo received £26,119. The seventy-fifth anniversary dinner of the Royal Literary Fund took place on the IStb of May at St. Jamcf's-ball. An extraordinary interest was imparted to tbe proceedings by the presidency of his Royal Highness the Prince ol Wales, who delivered several gTacclul end appropriate speeches. Tbe dinner waa attended by a large number of men eminent in politics and literature, and in the course of tbe even ing the txea&urcr; announced that the meeting was tbe most successful, in a pecuniary point of view, ever huld— upwards of £-:0C0 having been cellectcd. The dinner was, in several par ticulars, tbe most remarkable tbat has been held in London. Including the brilliant assemblage of Indies wbo graced the galleries, there were nearly l(jt-0 persons present, and a consider able portion ol that number wae composed of persons of tbe highest distinction, fiom princes of tbe blood downwards, the rest consisting chiefly of a more numerous collection of men of literature and science than has ever been brought together before. It is said that the tbree new BisbopB— Dr. F. Jcune, Bishop nominate of Ely ; the Rev. C B. Bromby, Bishop designate of Tasmania; and tbe Rcr, Samuel Crowther, who is to be appointed a missionary Bishop for the Niger territory— will be con6ecraied by the Archbishop of Canterbury, in Westminster Abbey, on Wednesday, the 29ih ef June; The Bishop of Niger is a black man (the Rev* Samuel Crowther)* He is the fiut pure negro ever elevated to tbe episcopal see, though very fur from the first true African, witness the great St. Augustine. Hie life has been a stirriDg one* lie w&s; born Cfty years ago in the Yoruba country, 110 inUee from the Bight of Benin when his name was Adjai. In 1821 he was carried off by a Mabommedan tribe, ex changed for u horse, agbin exchanged and crueliy treated, and finally sold ae a 6luve for some tobacco. He was captured by an English man-of war in 1622 and landed at Sierra Leone, lie was baptized in 1825, when he unfortunately changed the characteris tic name of Adjai to tbat of Samuel Crowther, He accompanied tbe first h'igtr expedition, came to England, wae educated at the Cburcb Misbioncry College, lelingion, aud ordained by the Bishop of London, lie went on the second Niger expedition in 1854, and wrote, it ia said, a very able account of it* He has translated tbe Bible into Yoruba, has been active in missionary work at Abssea, and iB, says the Globe, from which wc borrow tbis ac count, a strong though temperate Evangelical. In the Bankruptcy Court, before Mr. Commissioner Goulbarn, ' Re Sti&han;, Paul, and Bates.' The bank! upts were bankers in tbe Strand, Their failure, about nine years aeo, will be well remembered from the extraordinary circumstances of the case. On liabilities of between £600,000 and £700,000 there have been dividends at various times amounting to 4s In the pound. This was asitting for final dividend. It was stated tbat tbe assignees bad a email sum in band, and that a further amount was expected ehortly to be received. Under tbesc circumstances an adjourn ment of the dividend sitting took place. Mr. W. F. Wzkuhj)!*— In connection with tbis singular in dividual, who baa been adjudicated a bankrupt, it should be observed tbat he has still a very valuable reversionary life in terest in a large estate at Banworth, Norfolk, in the enjoyment of which he will not come until 1868. This c&iate; is worib about £G(00 a year, but it is strictly entailed, and will revert in the ordinary course of things to the infant born to Mr. Windham a few da-B since. It will be observed that Mr. Windham was adjudicated a bankrupt on Ms own petition, and there is no doubt ti at he «as advked to do so in erder to placc his affairs under the control and administration of a high legal tribunal. It is only t*o and a quarter years since the jury empanelled by Master Warren declared Mr. Windham capable of managing his own affaire ; in that brief period he has contrived to dispose of hia anccstial estate of Felbr'gg to Mr J. Ketton, of Norwich, to figure in endless suits in the courts of law, and finally to appear before the public a bankrupt, Thcwillofbir William Brown. Bart, of Richmond-hill, near Liverpool, was proved in the registry at Liverpool, under £900,000 prrsocalty. It bears date, May, 1663, a codicil made in November following. It appears, from a Parliamentary return just issued, that the total number of men who^e limited terms of twelve years' cavalry or ten years' infantry service in tbe army expired iu the year ending l8i-2-3, was 11,842. Of these, 0547 were re- engaged, and 5295 discharged. , Ihe Court of Inquiry into the loss of the City of New York has dccrccd ibe suspension of Captain Kennedy's certificate for eight months* Notice of appeal has been given, „Fo»1!r,tons of salmon were recently caught neat Limerick. «t Mr. Malcomson's lax weir, at a single draw. The ice crop gathered in America last winter is said to be the largest ever stored. Cardinal Wiseman suggests tbat the railway arch over Ludeate nilJ ehould be decorated with sculptural representations of the funerals ef Nelson and Wellington. During the past nine years 3409 lives have been saved bv the life-boats of the National Institution and those belonging to local bodies, and 2896 by tbe rocket and mortar apparatus. During the i past year H863) the numbers Baved were 505 by life-beats, and 357 I by the rocket and morter apparatus. The Peninsular and Oriental Company ere buildin* a new steamer, to be called the Nyanza. She will be about 2000 tons burden. fl^c«t0I3?0fv80me.a?U(luity was observed on the morning of « Je pan8h.of Ceorge's-in-the-East. Mr. Raine, Si- tfA ? brewer, who died upwards of a century ago, esta blished and endowed a charity for the education and maintenance of a large number of poor children of both sexes. Once a year— in fact, every May Day— several young women of marriage able ogc draw for a prize of £100, aud on the next anniversary the fortunate winner receives the moner ad mwriage gift, and, at the same time, takes to herself a husband. Thus the fair drawer of last year was married vea terday morning, the church bells being rung, and a seimon preached in her honour. Last evening, after tne trustees and xnends of the charity had partaken of the inevitable dinner, loo EOVCreiffnfiWere nrmflnteri tn tho . -siu ? * 1U shocks of earthquake have been experienced in different, parts of the parish of Maresfield, in tho countv of Sussex. ' *vllT ^ ttat about 20iC0° IsmbB wUl be exported from . e 'le of -\ight this season. It is curlouB that though the island is callcd the garden of England, large quantities of vegetables are imported into it from the mainland. The subscriptions towards the restoration of Salisbury Cathe dral amount up to the present time to upwards of £10,000. The estimated cost of the proposed works is £40,000. There was lately a pear tree In foil blossom in the principal thoroughfare of tbe village of Woolton, which produced last year the extraordinary number of 2490 pears, and to all appearance is likely to exceed that number the present season, 8ome telegrams sent on tbe 9th aad 10th of May from Heligo land by submarine telegraph, narrating the progress of the naval action, were received, owing to the difference of longitude, in the following order:— Sent from Heligoland at 12 28, received at * m? ? i.1.!?' rccciTed Bt «ent at Vs Sri « 18 18. ' reo-,lve'1 11.60 ; sent at 1J.S8, received at iaB. been k'''1 to 'ecive as man? ae iSJ nnltlli I „ y' Ml W of tbEm are anonymous, and on many all tne Ki- nJ, S gentleman now retusM ?i ASfi? !fV .. ne«* these, a short time ago, after havine been finS 6 and 0*eoed there, waa eeut again to Mr opurgcon with a statement that the letter -waa fi j b? retarned te the writer, and that it con tained a valuable enclosure. The reverend gentleman niid tha i postage, and found a £20 note in the envelop! Plld lhe . 5 m&ip; chains of tbe Clifton Suspension Brldm warn nnm_ ^ during the past week, and the work of attaching the rods a 6i laying tbe roadway will be oommenced forthwith, has tan nriniP.jC1fIne° 0f tb.° 1'est lrW! Iacet ™'i'- 1'° guineas, the ladipR nf presentation to the Princess of Wales, by the ladies ol Ireland, in remembrance of the Koyal marriage. It^ ™ ! IrnliSSSiV AttV I'1?' «n ' Oyster Culture' was read . It Imated discussion, in the course of which J / cultivation of the British foreshores should the public,' obtainable ther.fr.rn being a clear gain to 