THEATRE ROYAL. The announcement that Mr. and Mrs. Dillon would appear in the tragedy of Hamlet drew together a very numerous and select audience at the Theatre last evening. The piece was well placed upon the stage and for a first representation passed off most evenly, indeed, with the exception of one slight scenic error, the most critical spectator could not well find a fault. Mr. Dillon's representation of the character of " Hamlet," is one which possesses considerable novelty, and is evidently the result of careful study and deep thought, untrammelled by the conventionalities of the age. In some of the scenes it is vastly superior to any representation which we have ever witnessed, while in others we are inclined to think it weak, although we cannot profess to criticise closely until we we have had another opportunity of judging it. " Hamlet, ' is, of all Shakespeare's characters, that in which thegreatestdiversity offeelingis exhibited, and it is, of all others, that through which the universal genius of the immortal bard shines most brightly. Mr. Dillon has evidently paid the closest attention to every phase of it, and be produces an embodiment which, though in some respects running counter to our preconceived ideas, as much merit in it, and is well worthy the attention of every Shakejpoiian student. In the play scene, and in the grave yard, he produced a most marked effect, and was enthusiastically applauded. His rendering of the beautiful tribute to his old friend. Poor Yoriek was a splendid effort of elocution, unrestrained and genuine and was very highly appreciated. We might easily particularize many similar points wherein Mr. Dillon's reading was excellent, but space and the lateness of the hour forbids it. We should recommend every admirer of genuine talent, however, to accept an opportunity of witnessing the impersonation. Mrs. Dillon's " Ophelia" was also a beautiful rendering. This character is too often regarded as a minor one, but there is room in it for the display of any quantity of histrionic talent, and last evening the opportunity was not lost. The mad scene in the third act was a triumph, and was vociferously applauded. To enumerate the other characters in order of merit, we must award first place to Mr. Milne's "Puloniui" which is decidedly the best representation of this character we have seen on the colonial stage. Actors generally seem to accept the statement that the old lord has a second time " come into his swaddling clouts" as a pretext for making him either a buffoon or a twaddling fool. We need not go further than the advice which he gives " Laertes" in the second act, to prove that he is neither Mr. Milne gives us a shrewd and taking impersonation, which in our humble opinion comes very nearly to the conception of the author. Mr. Carter's " Claudius" i is capable of considerable improvement, but it is, notwithstanding, a deserving effort. " Laertes" was performed by Mr. Appleton, who also " doubled" the all important part of the Ghost," and in both characters was most successful. The " Queen" was played by Miss, Harward very effectively, and the remaining characters of a lengthy cast were all sustained with credit by the other members of the company. At the conclusion of the second and fifth acts, Mr. Dillon was loudly called for, and Mr. Appleton was similarly honored at the close of the piece. The performance concluded with the Wandering Minstrel in which Mr. Howard Mrs. McGowan, and the other ladies and gentlemen who shine in this department, kept the audience highly amused until nearly 12 o'clock. This evening a piece by Mr. C. Dillon entitled The Artist of Florence is to be produced, to be followed by Don Caesar de Botan. We trust that there will be bumper house. 