ICTNITED PRESBYTERIAN CHUECH, FLUTOEBS-STEEET, The foundation-stone of the above edifice was laid on jaonday, September 5, in the presence of a Urge ooncourse ofpeople. B The platform was numerously attended by ministers of various congregations. About 3 o'clock the ceremony was commenced by the Rev. J. Lyall, the pastor of the new place of worship, giving out a hymn. The Rev. R. Haiuing then read a portion of the Scriptures, after which the Rev. S. Head offered up prayer. The Rev. J. Lyall then, advancing towards the foundation-stone, stated that nnrlArnpath it would be deposited the following document, which he then read :— ' In the name of the Father, and of the Son. and of the Holy Ghost, to whom be glory for ever and ever. 'This document is deposited under the corner-stone of a new edifice to be erected for the use of the congregation now wershipping in the United Presbyterian Church; Gouger Btreet, in this city, and to be called the United Presbyterian Church, Flinders-street 'The stone is laid by the Rev. Ralph Drummond, in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and in the third year of the governorship of Sir Dominick Daly, on the fifth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four. ' me jxev. o ames JjYall, jrascor. 'Elders :— ' James Forbes. ' William Mackintosh ' William Murray. Murray. ' George McEwin. ' William Fraser. ' David Murray. ' David Fea. ' Building Committee: — Rev. James Lyall, Rev. Alex ander Law, Alexander Ogilvie, William Fraser, William Ballantyne, Andrew Loutit, David Murray, James Tyrie, iobert S. Tassie, John B. King, George McEwin, James rorbes, George Tinline, Thomas Smith, John Eunson, David Lithgow, John B. Adamson, William M. Murray, and William Seattle. Convener — Rev. James Lyall. Secretary— Mr. Andrew Loutit. Treasurer— Mr. William Mackintosh Murray. ' Trustees —John Beveridge Adamson, William Balian iine, Peter Cray, John Eunson, William Fraser, David Jthgow Andrew Lontit George McEwin, William Murray, William Mackintosh Murray, and James Tyrie. 'This congregation is connected with the United Presby terian Church in Scotland, and recognises as its standards in subordination to the ;Word of God the Westminster Con fession of Faith, and the Catechisms, Larger and Shorter. 'The palace is not for men, but for the Lord God. ' The God of Heaven He will prosper us, therefore we His servants will arise and build. ' Let the beauty of the Lord our God be upon us ; and establish thou the work of our hands uoon us ; yea the work of our bands establish thou it 'Architect— Mr. George Abbott. 'Builder — Mr. Michael McMulleu.' The Kev. Ralph Drummond, who had been appointed to lay the stone, Btated he performed the duty with pleasure. He said it was pleasing to notice the exertions that were being made throughout the colony in building places of worship, and tbe unanimity that existed between the various religious bodies. He referred to the past and present pros perity of the colony, and expressed a hope that those who had reaped its harvests and enjoyed its comforts would recog nise the kind blessings of Providence, and subscribe their mite towards the erection of that House of God. The rev. gentleman concluded an eloquent address by urging those present to consider the debt they owed to God, and to thank Him by prayer for the numerous blesBings He had poured upon them. The stone was then lowered by the workmen, and duly laid. A collection waB made, amounting to £72, and laid on the stone, after which the assembly separated, the Rev. J. Maughan having offered up prayer. The tea meeting-, which took place in White's Rooms, was attended by about 600 persons, and after tea a public meeting n«*o ui*.u, ±ft*;aftud& uici uy tuts xbev. t#. .uyuu. ync pro ceedings commenced by the singing of the 122nd hymn. The Rev. R. Drummond then offered up prayer. The Kev. J. Lyam, stated he had received a note from Mr. Geo. Young, who was to have presided that evening, nforming him that he could not attend on account of illness. In the absence of Mr. Young he hoped they would allow him to take the Chair. He said that that day's pro ceedings was to them of great import. He trusted the work would be crowned with success by the aid of Divine Providence. They were encouraged through the manifest interest of members of other conjjregations, and he would tender his thanks for their support He might say that he was proud to witness the Rev. Air. Drommoad in the oapacity he had occupied that day. The Rev. gentleman then read the report of tha Building Committee which was as follows :— ' It has been felt that the present is a fitting occasion on which to lay before the members and friends ot the congre gation a brief statement of the origin and progress of the building movement. In proceeding to submit such a state ment the Committee desires to express its gratitude to Almighty God for the countenance and direction He has has vouchsafed, and at this point to erect its Ebenezer to the honor of His name. ' In the month of November, 1862, the congregation was alarmed by the faU of a portion ofthe ceiling ofthe pre sent cnurctv, soon after the commencement of the Morning Service. A meeting was convened to take into consideration the question of repairs, when a larger subject was intro duced, viz., the propriety of erecting a new church. At a subsequent meeting, duly called and held on 17th December, it was unanimously agreed that the members of the congre gation resolve themselves into a society for the purpose, and a Committee was appointed to receive subscriptions and to carry out the necessary details. The grounds on which this decision was arrived at were chiefly as follows :— 1st. The state of the present building-, which, iu the course of a short tune, would have re quired extensive repairs. 2nd. The necessity of pro viding more accommodation for the increasing num bers of the congregation, it having been found difficult to provide applicants with sittings ; and we may just say in passing that this difficulty continues to be felt, and that the congregation looks forward with eager desire to the enlarged accommodation to be provided by the new sanctuary, the foundation- stone of which has this day been laid. 3ra. Tne desirability or securing a site in some more central part of the city, as it was known that many strangers coming to Adelaide had experienced a difficulty in finding the present church, and that the interests of the congregation had thereby suffered. 'The firBt step taken by the Committee was to ascertain the amount of subscriptions which might be relied upon. For that purpose an appeal was made to the members and adherents of the congregation, and slips were prepared, in which subscribers might insert their names and the sums they intended to give. On Sabbath, 25th January, 1863, the slips were returned, when it was found that the sum of above £900 had been promised — a result highly encouraging, con sidering that that day the weather was unfavorable, and the attendance smaller than usual. Subsequently to that day other promises were received, the amount subscribed up to the present time being £2,132 las. 6d-, of which the sum of £936 8s. Sd, has actually been paid. As the building is now iu course of erection, it is hoped that the subscribers will pay me amounts tney nave promised as soon as possiDie. 'The next p»int that required consideration was the selection of a site— a point which gave rise to prolonged and anxious discussion. Oat of many sites whose claims were canvassed the one in Flinders-street was ultimately decided on, as being in point of position, extent, and price, pre ferable to the others. Every one interested in the matter knows the position of the ground. The extent of it Is 140 feet by 210, and the price is £700. Had a suitable piece of land, sufficiently large, and at a moderate rate, been obtain able on the west side of King William-street, it would un doubtedly have been preferred, as our local habitation has so long been in that part of the city. There were other sites which were deemed more central, bat after a full considera tion of the subject, it was felt that the one in Flinders street, more than any other, combined the various advan tages already specified. It is hoped that this site may prove convenient to the congregation generally, and it is believed that the building now in course of erection will be much more likely than the present one to attract the attention of members of our Church coming from the fatherland, and that from that source alone considerable additions to our numbers may from time to time be expected. 'It is unnecessary to detail all the steps which were taken to secure a suitable design. Suffice it to say, that out of several competing designs the preference was given to that by Mr. George Abbott. After some delay tenders were in vited. Out of six tenders that of Mr. Michael McMullen for £4,423 was accepted. ' The following statement by the architect will give an idea of the principal features of the building :— 'The design is in the Italian style of architecture, and the building will have an imposing and graceful appear ance. ' In the centre of the front of the building will be a tower tnu spire, me tuuti ueigubui wuicu win oe izu ieec. '? 'The ground floor of tower forms a lobby 12 feet square, approached by a bold flight of steps. On either side of this lobby are spaces 10 feet 6 inches square, for staircases to galleries ; as also doorways, for ingress to the body of the church. ' ? Over the ground floor of tower will be three other floors or rooms, appropriated to various uses. ''The body of the church is so feet in [length, 45 feet in width, and 32 feet iu height from floor to ceiling, and will seat 500 adults on the ground floor, allowing the space of 3 feet by l foot 9 inches for each sitting. ' Extra accommodation for three hundred adults, by the erection of galleries (which was duly considered in preparing the design), can be provided when the increase in the con gregation shall require such addition. ' At the back of the church, and built in connection therewith, is a vestry, 17 teet 9 menes by 13 feet ; com mittee-room, 24 feet 9 inches by 18 feet ; lobby and space for staircase, 13 feet by ll feet On the first floor over these rooms is a schoolroom, 37 feet long by 24 feet 9 inches wide and 16 feet in height. ' The walls of these buildings are to be constructed of stone from the Glen Osmond quarries, the external ornamental portions of which will be executed with Portland cement. The walls internally will be finished in rough stucco in imi tation of ashlar work -, the moulding, cornices, and flowers on ceiling will be formed with plaster of Paris. 'The spire will consist of eight wrought iron flarged ribs, forming the angles of an octagon ; the spaces between these ribs will be filled in with boarding, and the whole covered with lead. ' A Queen post-roof is to be constructed to span the body ofthe church, the sides of which will be covered with slate, and the flat with lead. This flat is to be surrounded with ornamental wrought iron balluBtrading. The internal fittings, pewing, and platform, are to be of Sydney cedar, polished and varnished. The works were commenced on the 25th day of Julv last bv Mr. McMullen. under the superin tendence of Mr. Abbot and it is anticipated that the building will be completed on or before the 20th of October. 1865. Having submitted these statements, the Committee desires to express its grateful sense of the hearty interest taken in the movement by the congregation generally, and of the cordial sympathy expressed by the members of other churches— a sympathy which, in many instances, has taken the form of handsome donations. The Committee would further embrace the opportunity of impressing upon the congregation the necessity for continued and prayerful effort, and of appealing to the friends present, and numerous friends who are not present, for their sympathy and help; The work in which we are engaged is great and arduous. The pecuniary responsibilities we shall have to meet are sufficiently formidable. Yet with a willing: people inside the church, with sympathising and liberal friends outside, and above all with the blessing of the great Head of the Church, we do not fear tbe result. It is a work for God, and we desire to keep His glory constantly before us as our great object. The work would be too great for us in our own strength, but with His gracious countenance and help we shall accomplish it. 'The God of Heaven, He will prosper us ; therefore we, His servants, will arise and build.' ' The Choir then sang ' Messiah's Reign.' The Rev. J. Watsford said the position they had placed him in as the first speaker, was a very trying one. He congratulated them on their success that day, which was the 45th anniversary of his birth. The weather in the morning: was very threatening, but he was glad to witness the termination of the day, which he hoped would be in their future proceedings sunshine. The churches were now coming close together, as far as situa tion was concerned. (Hear and laughter.) Whilst there was difference of opinion they were united in intentions. All were actuated by the same object— the praise and glory of God. He would now move the first resolution :— 'That this meeting expresses its sympathy with the important work which the United Presbyterian Congregation has under taken, and its hope that the building now commenced may be successfully completed, and may become the scene of gracious divine manifestation.' The resolution referred to the building, the foundation-stone of which had been that day laid. There was no institution so beneficial to society as a place of worship. The way to do the greatest good to the greatest number was the building; of places of worship where the Word of God would be delivered to the world. In our places o worship the dying sinner was pointed to the only Saviour, and made mete for .'his appearance before his Maker. He rejoiced to know that the Gospel would be delivered in the Flinders-street United Presbyterian Church in all its purity. He believed all denominations supported them in the object they had in view. The Rev. C. W. Evan seconded the resolution. He ex pressed his sympathy with the object they had in view, and congratulated them on their success. He trusted all their anticipations would be realised. He knew the Freeman-street worshippers would be glad to have such excellent Sabbath neighbors. They were now within hailing distanoe, and he trusted they would proceed together on good terms. The neighbourhood was becoming very populous in places of , worship, for nearly & dozen, different congregations wen within a quarter of a mile of each other. Speaking of amicable relationship, it reminded him of a union amone the different bodies of Presbyterians. He would be clad to witness it, and could almost predict its accomplishment before long. They might also look forward to Metho distio union. He did not believe that in the Mil. lennium denominationalism would cease. There always would be sectarianism of some sort or other. The resolution expressed the hope that the edifice, when opened, would become a temple of gracs and manifestation He earnestly hoped it would be so, and that the hearts of those who attended it would become comforted, and that they would be blessed with every possible decree of divine grace. Many might regret leaving the old sanctuary, but he believed greater blessings would attend them in their new sphere of worship and operations. The resolution was carried. The Rev. G. Stonehodse then addressed the meeting on 'The Bible, the whole Bible, and the Bible only ; the rule of our faith, and the standard of our morals.' He said that holy book had passed through many scenes of trial. Notwithstanding all the crusade against it by Voltaire, Hume, Paine, and others, it had stood the storm, whilst the writers in opposition to it had gone to the limbo of their punishment. Writers might dispute its authenticity whilst people could be found to support them and read then: arguments It was a sorrowful circumstance to find men attempting to prove the Bible was false, and otners cutting themselves off from their God and enlisting themselves amongst those to be condemned to everlasting punishment. He would not detain them long. They had not oome that evenine as soeptics but as believers in the Word of God. The Bible stood secure on the basis of its own evidence. It had borne the assaults of 19 centuries, and had come out victorious on every occasion. It had survived the works of fanatics, and those who pretended to belts friends ; abandoned by its Author it never would. It was accomplishing its work safely and securely. Let the Bible and the Bible only be the stronghold and foundation of their faith. They had recourse to it in all difficulties and scenes ot this life. There were on the platform that evening. Baptists. Pxdo- Baptists, Congregationalists, andWesleyans, all devoutly determined to uphold the Bible. They were one in that respect. He believed with the Iasb speaker that the days of sectarianism were very nearly numbered. The time was approaching when they would be drawn more closely together. He hoped the Bible would throw its light into every nook aud corner of their ecclesiastical structure. The choir then performed an anthem. The Rev. J. Gardner spoke on 'An orthodox creed; its importance to the comfort of individual Christians, and to the prosperity of churches.' He had been present that day at the laying of the stone, and he must say that they had shown a great deal of judgment. The topic on which he addressed the meeting was one of vast importance. The Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing bntthe}Bible was the rule of faith ; such was the opinion of Presbyterians, It was asked under such circumstances, what necessity was there for different creeds, but creeds were simply the sum mary of truth. Aereed that was defective he would not support. The rev. gentleman then at length spoke on the subject of an orthdox Church being the bond of union. A collection was then made. The Rev. F. W. Cox addressed the meeting on ' The spirit in which all work for Christ shonld be undertaken.' The rev. gentleman made an excellent address, and con cluded by hoping that the Church they were now erecting, would be the means of saving many souls, and imbuing all with the means of grace. Choir. ' Hearken unto me ye that love the Lord.' The Rev. A. Law spoke on the subject — 'The presence of Christ in the Church the secret of her strength and the pledge of her triumph.' ' The Bev. R. Dedhmoito mo ved a vote of thanks to tbe ladies, the choir, and the speakers. Mr. G. McEmtn seconded. Carried. The Chairman moved a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Drummond, which was carried by acclamation. The Bev. Mr. Deummond briefly returned tbanks. A vote of thanks to the Chair by the Rev. J. Gardner was carried, after which the audience dispersed with tha Doxology. The total collection amounted to £131. The Mark Lane Express of the 25 th July has the following review of |the breadstuff markets : — ' 'We have had another week of full summer weather, and though a sprinkling of rain fell here and there, and some heavy showers partially, yet there was a sad want generally. The deeply-ploughed and fen lands hold on best, and we may there get fine crops where the frosts did no harm ; but there is much land being burnt up, and the light soils give indications of a miserable failure, both in grain and roots. Talavera wheat has been cut, and when a sufficient number of. samples are exhibited, we shall be better able to judge the yield generally, this sort being early and tender ; but we expect a great inequality, and something below an average produce. Denmark, finding no safety but in peace, appears to be suing for it success fully, the blockade of the Prussian ports being already raised, and, as a consequence, Danzic prices, even on good supplies, have 'rather risen, more especially as the late advance in this country has been duly noted. But the Continent, with L finer weather and peace in prospect, mostly shows a dolness in trade or slight decline. The downward movement has been partially renewed in France, but iu the South, where harvest has commenced, there has been little change. Belgium and Holland evince a tendency to decline ; while our own markets have exhibited great firmness, some places being dearer for English wheat, there being so little offered, as London must continue with short supplies under such a state of things. Although a certain quantity of rain would be highly acceptable and do immense good, it i3 pos sible when it comes there may be an excess, which would send'up prices more rapidly than of late ; aud as American advices are getting wild — though they have had some rain iu the West — there must either be heavy losses at New York, or considerably diminished supplies thence, unless our prices should follow theirs, which at present seems but unlikely. As Federal disasters appear to multiply, speculation at New York is Jmore turned from military movements to breadstuff's, and certainly as things ^are going, there is far greater probability of success.' The following are the latest prices of wheat and flour in Mark-Lane: — Wheat, Essex and Kent, white, new 42s to 49s per quarter; old, 41s to 48s ; ditto, red ditto 41s to 45s ; old, 41s to 45s ; ditto Norfolk, Lincoln, and Yorkshire, red, new 41s to 45s ; old 41s to 45s. Flour, per sack of 2801bs., town households, 34s to 40s ; ditto, country, 26s to 29s ; households, 30s to 33s ; Norfolk and Suffolk, ex ship, 26s to 27s. Foreign Grain. — Wheat, Dantzic, mixed, 47s to 50s per quarter; old, extra, 52s to 55s ; ditto, Konigsberg, 42s to 49b ; extra 50s to 51s ; ditto, Rostock, 44s to 47s ; ditto, fine, 47s to 48s ; ditto, Silesian, red, 41s to 42s ; ditto, white, 42s to 48s ; ditto, Pomera., Mecfcberg., and TJckermk., red, 42s to 45s ; ditto, Danish and Holstein, red, 41s to 43s ; ditto, Russian, hard, 37s to 40s ; ditto St. Petersburg and Riga, 38s to 43s ; ditto, French, none ; ditto, Rhine and Belgium, 42s to 45s ; ditto, American, red winter, 42s to 44s ; ditto, spring, 41s to 43s ; ditto, -white, 45s to 48s. Flour, per sack, French, 31s to 33s ; ditto, Spanish, 32s to 33s ; ditto, American, per brl., 19s to 22s ; ditto, extra and double, 24s. to 26s. We have been favored by Messrs. Acraman, Main, Lindsay and Co. with the following memorandum of the actual shipments of cereals to Australasia from England to July 22 : — Melbourne— Wheat. Flour. Lightning ? 223 tons. 33 tons. Marco Polo ? 199 ' Champion of the Seas ? 116 ' Calliance ... ... ... ... ... ll *' White Star ? 1,100 ' M. A. Wilson ? 170 ' Tudor ? 180 ' Sydney - Gorilla .„ ? 381 ' Cherwell ? -. ... 250 ' Carob'ne Coventry ? .- 190 ' J. S. Hall ? - 35 ' Auckland Columbus ? - 44 ' Eagle Speed ? in ' 2,619 tons. 429 tons. We this day publish a special report of a very important public meeting held at Angaston on Monday evening, on the subject ot the dissolution of the House of Assembly, and including also that of the pastoral leases. It will be seen that these im portant questions were thoroughly discusBed; speakers on both sides being patiently and respectfully heard. The feeling of the meeting was, however, almost unanimous in support of the views entertained by the public elsewhere, and advocated in this journal, a vote of thanks to the Editor being unanimously passed. A rather serious accident occurred on Monday to Mr. Greorge Wildy, jun., moulder and plasterer. He ? l_: ? j. -»*?_ n T» tt ? ?! ? -T ? - '17- ? j. was wording a& jxi.r. ur. r. .Harris s residence, j*.enij Town, moulding some flowers at the top of the roof, when, by some accident, he lost his footing and fell down to the ground, first coming in contact with a tree, and then with a fence. He was taken home in a cab, and Dr. Clark, his Lodge doctor, was immediately summoned. It was found that Iub back and his kidneys were much injured, and it was rather doubtful whether his spine was hurt or not. At any rate he has received a severe accident, and it -will be some time before he will be well enough to work again. The monthly meeting of the Horticultural and Florieulfcural Society was held on Saturday, Septem ber 3, at the Norfolk Arms. Dr. Wyld occupied the chair, and there were present Messrs. W. O linen, Hoffman, J. Steer, and J. E. Smith. The judges for the Show to be held on the 22hd inst. were appointed, as follow: — Flowers — Dr. Wyatt, Dr. Moore, Messrs. J. F. Koss, and B. Andrews. Fruits and Vegetables — Messrs. Curnow, Wigzell, aud Hunt. Dried Fruits — Messrs. J. Counsell, W. Puplett, and A. Huddleston. A Committee of management was also appointed to superintend the show, consisting of the following persons : — Messrs. W. Hackett, W. A. Chance, A. Loutit, J. Rowell, K. Norton, and J. Steer. The Secretary brought before ^the Society a request of the Poultry Show Committee to allow people to enter from their room (the Masonic Hall) to the large room at a fee of 6d. ; but the Sooietv considered it unadvisable to accede to the request. The question of decorating the room better than usual was submitted to the meeting and approved of, but the funds, it was said, would not bear the expense. Dr. Wyld then agreed to bear the cost himself. Our old fellow-colonist Mr. Alexander Hay has re turned to the colony by the Rangatira. His stanch and numerous friends will rejoice to see his face again, after so long an absence. The Government have as yet received no commu nication respecting the Northern Territory party. We believe the present mail has arrived earlier than any former one under the existing contract. On* previous mail only arrived on the 7th, but that was an hour or two later in the day. Sir E. G. MacDonnell, on his recent appointment, retired from the Chairmanship of the Northern Aus tralian Company, and' Mr. A. L. Elder has been appointed in bis place. 