GLENELG CORPORATION. Wednesday. December 30. ITesent— ills worship the Jiayor, Uouncillors Hinde, Wright, Howard, Neales, and Price. Memorial received respecting bathing, and regu lations with resDect thereto were acreed to. - Mr. Hodges's tender for making the assessment, &c;, for £S, accepted on certain conditions. Resolved, that Councillors Hinde, Neales, and the Mayor be a Committee to arrange the matters connected with the school ; but the final decision and the acceptance of the tenders to be decided by the Council. The Town Clerk to write to the Chief Secretary and request a reply respecting police protection. Payments, £!)2 2s. Chapel Anniversary. — A correspon dent sends the following:— ''The Primitive Methodists held the anniversary of theDawcsley School at Kairne on New Year's Day. Three sermons had been preached on the previous Sunday to good audiences. The tea meeting on New Years Day was well attended, notwith standing the counter-attractions of the picnic of the Oddfellows and Foresters of Nairne, which was held close by, and the public meeting in the evening was crowded. Mr. Bothain, of Nairne, occupied the chair, and some good speeches were made by the Kcv. Messrs. Wright, Raymond, and Jenkin, and Mr. Wilson. The collections were liberal.' The 'Chamber of Death.'— Perhaps no public man has had the courage to send to the Chamber of Death, as it is called at the Times office, and ask- the editor to let him have a look at his 'Life.' Semetimes, however, these 'Lives' appear before the breath is out of the body, as re cently occurred in the case of Lord Clyde. Tbe Times takes great care aboat these matters. Some j ears ago a report was brought to the office at II o'clock at night that Lord John Russell was dead. Mr. Walter, who goes to the otnee much more frequently than is supposed, haDpened to be there. A consultation immediately took place with writers and editors, and a gentleman' of tact and experience was sent off in the middle of the ni?ht to Chesham place to enquire into the truth or falsehood of the report. He soon discovered that it arose out of exasgerated reports of a slight indisposition, which had been magnified into the death of the noble Lord; but short as was his absence from the office, in the interim ample means had been taken to meet the emergency— the fatal casket hail been opened, the record of a life which would form in itself no unimportant chapter in the history of the country was displayed, and an army of biographers, editors, and printers vtere prepared to raise the ghost of ihe departed nobleman, and fix the picture in its frames before tlie morning liuht had dawned upon the sleepers of London. When tlie messenger had returned, and it was found that the intelligence was false, the memoir was reenpsigued to its resting-pLice in the casket, tiie Chamber of Death closed, the rejected columns replaced, and the world was informed that the Times was rejoiced to be able to state that the rumour of the illness of so distinguished a nobleman was wholly without foundation.— Cwrt Journal, 