I THE GOVERNMENT GAZETTE. The following notifications appear in yesterday's Govern ment Gazette ArroiNTMBNis.-Mr. John L. Newton, to be Coroner for the district of Patrick's Plains. Mr. John Marshall Walker, clerk of Petty Sessions at Aden, to be Registrar of the District Court at the same place. PARRAMATTA PARK The following gentlemen have been appointed " Trustees of the park set apart for promoting the health and recreation of the Inhabitants of Parramatta " (Act 18 Victoria, No. 33) : Messrs. James Byrnes, William Goodwin, George Oakes, Nathaniel Payten, sen and John Purchase, POLUNO-FLAOE.-Upper Pyramul has been appointed an additional polling-place for " taking the poll at the election of members to serve in the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales for the electoral district of Wellington." ACCEPTED TENDERS-The following tenders have been accepted by the Government: George Neil-fenoing-iu the cemetery at Parramatta; William Gambell Contracts Nos. 2 and 3 on the Botany to Long Bay Hoad; M, M-Fany- to out railway sleepers Into Mint heart I LECTURE BY THE REV. W. TAYLOR -The second of a series of lectures by the Rev. W. Taylor, from California, was given last evening in the York-street Wesleyan chapel, and again a numerous auditory was present Mr. J. Dawson, who presided, introduced the lecturer. The subject was the "Life and Times of St Paul," and in opening his discourse the rev. lecturer described his excursion from Jerusalem to the Field of Blood, the Valley of Jehosaphat, the brook Kedron, the church of the Virgin, and the place where Stephen was stoned to death. The difference in the interpolation of the Holy Writings by the Hebrews, which gave them to their division into two sects, was explained, and it was shown that Stephen was brought into collision with those who maintained a literal interpretation, by whom he was accused of blasphemy against Moses and against God ; Paul (or Paul) of Galicia, a man of learning, being his prosecutor, and probably the man of authority in the ordering of his death. This Saul was no filibuster, but intended to do things according to law ; he suborned wit runes and condescended to meanness, no doubt finding necessity to justify his console too. It was on a journey to Damascus in quest of further victims to his sanguinary persecution that Saul heard the voice from Heaven, "Saul, Saul, why persecutes! thou me," and it was now he learned that he was persecut- ing Jesus, and that Jesus was God. Having been struck to the ground, he arose blind, and was led to Damascus, I There he put up at the house of one Judas, In Straight-street; Judas probably keeping a public-house there. Ufa presence at this city was much dreaded by the Christians, who bid themselves. When the Lord appeared to Ananias it was with great reluctance that he left his hiding place to go to the house of Judas to Saul, far, notwithstanding the Lord's assurances, Ananias had great fears. This unbelief was the great sin of the world. However, Ananias at length came from his hole, walked down town to the house of Judas, and Inquired for Saul of Tarsus, very likely hoping that he would not find him at home. Poor Saul probably at the same time was expecting the presence of one come to avenge the murder of brothers and sisters in Jerusalem. When Ananias entered the house, he put his hands on Saul, told him he was sent from Jesus that he might receive his eight and be filled with the Holy Ghost. The scales fell from Saul's eyes; he was baptised, and straightway preached in the synagogues that Christ was the Son of God. Before his return to Jerusalem, he made a trip to Arabia ; it might have been to improve his health or floe firm persecution. At Jerusalem, the Christian brethren suspected him, but he was introduced to them by a disciple, end after working among them for some time he took ship to Tarsus, his native city. The first broadcasting of seed vine Immediately after the feast of Point 10st, when the dis- ciples dispersed to all parts. They soon after taught among the Gentiles, from whom previously their teaching had been withheld. Great progress was made in the conversion of the Greeks at Antioch, and the apostles in Jerusalem sent Barnabas thither to see how things were going on. Additional labourers being found necessary, Barnabas travelled to Tarsus to bring his friend Paul. The believers now increased so largely that they acquired the distinctive name of Christians. in their turn to Jerusalem, Paul and Barnabas found the Church in a state of disgust, not only owing to the famine then prevailing, but on account of the persecution that had arisen under Herod Agrippa, In treating of the history of this prince, who look his brother Philip's wife, the rev. lecturer said it was a question whether it was to Philip's loss or Herod's pain. When an angel falls it becomes a devil. Through her It fleeces Agrippa murdered John the Baptist, and by her plotting and scheming he lost his kingdom. He died soon after her death, but whether through joy or grief it might be difficult to say. There was an epitaph in Texas that possibly was appropriate to their case : " Underneath this sad doth lie, Back to back, my wife and I, Happier for than when in life Free from care and free from strife. When the last trump the world shall HU, If she gets up, I'll just He still," Herod Antipas obtained (he kingdom with much additional territory to him the preaching of the Christiana was a great offence, and he resolved to put the extinguisher on them. He destroyed James, and the disciples in the city were in great distress. The rev. lecturer here described the miraculous delivery of Peter from prison, and, in alluding to the joy of Mary when he knocked at her gate, took occasioned state the difference between religious feeling and the mere boiling over of human emotions. At this stage of the subject the lecturer closed his address for the evening. STREET ACCIDENT-A horse, with a cart attached, bolted up King-street, late yesterday afternoon. One of the cart charts was broken and a hansom cab was upset, the name of the cab was somewhat damaged, but, fortunately, the driver was not hurt. THE NORTHERN BLACKS Writing on the 9th of July, to the S. A- Register, the Mount Deception correspondent of that journal says-We my last I think I mentioned the probability of a row with the natives, which I am now glad to say we have escaped. Accompanied by the police and several of the neighbours, mustering seven in all, we followed them up and came upon them suddenly in camp on the Parachilna Creek, about daybreak, or a little after. At first they exhibited the greatest fear, but having made them understand that we did not intend to shoot them, unless they threw their waddies, we presently came to an understanding, and, through the medium of a tame blackfellow, made them understand what we wanted. We soon had them mustered fifty-six in all-and a promise of tuck-out made them start willingly, each of them heavily laden with Bookaloo- the., ochre. About noon we shot a steer on the run, and left it to them to cut it up. One pocket-knife, a broken table-knife, and a.etonowero all the tools they had, but with a skill that showed some previous practice, they set to, and in less than half an hour there was nothing left but the hide and the paunch ; half an hour more and they had cooked and finished their feed and had started again. We took them to a well about sixteen miles from Para casino, where they camped. Next day, a cart being about to start for the head station, we told them to put up their loads on that, which they did, and made up a road not far short of 30 cwt. They travelled that day as far as Mount Deception (a distance of twenty-five miles), where they arrived about eight o'clock at night. They presented a most singular appearance in the dark, as each of them carried a blazing firestick, come of them two, and they travelled in a long straggling line The next day they had each two or three pounds or flour and some old sheep, which they soon disposed of. They had a corroboree in the evening, and started next morning (under the escort of the police), promising not to rob any more sheep-stations, but always to come to the head station in future, and to tell all other blackfellows to do the same. Four or five of them (Blanchewater natives) could speak English. These acted as interpreters for the others, who were from Cooper's Creek, Lake Hope, and the surrounding districts ; or, as the interpreter expressed it, " Cooper Craik more farther. I sincerely hope they will keep their promise, as several of our shepherds have given notice to leave being afraid to stop on the run. Lambing is nearly finished ; we are badly in want of rain, THE KIND OF EBITLEHS TVE WANT It is not often that we are called on to record or describe the domestic economy pursued by families residing on the diggings, but a case has lately come under our notice which is not only recommend, but which offers an example to the poorer classes well worthy of imitation. Indeed, we question. É much If a parallel instance of such admirable management. P and persevering endeavour could be adduced from any other district in the colony. Not three miles from Ararat there lives a family whose ostansKiIe mode of support is mining, yet, notwithstanding the very prevalent and often very just complaints of diggers as to the scarcity of gold, and the poor wages which are now averaging from mining pursuits, the house of this family is furnished with every substantial comfort that is generally to be obtained in eater of the homestead of a farmer. The products of the garden or the farm appear in profusion, and are sufficient to supply the consumption of a family of ten persons, In all seasons throughout the year the demands of this large family are supplied in the matter of vegetables, potatoes, bacon, milk, butter, and tobacco, by the single-handed exertions of the mother of eight children. The husband and two of his sons are constantly employed digging, while the mother, who occupied, herself. from day to day in cultivating the produce of their garden, not only supplies her family, but manages also to rear about twenty pigs every season. At present, there are six and a half tons of potatoes in keeping for the winter, all of which have been dug up, and by this worthy helpmate There is a stock of tobacco grown, cared, and pressed by her, for the use of her husband, some of which we have smoked, and found the flavour good, but with of course the inevitable fault or newness. Along the garden fence and fkurjebmg much, above its. height, luxuriate the Virginian plants, all dotted with blossom Within the garden there does not appear to be a square foot of ground that is not occupied , as fast as one crop is taken up another is put down There are two rows of healthy-looking vines, all of which were in full bearing last year, besides some other kinds of frail. Adjoining the, garden in the stockyard for the cattle, also attended to by the persevering woman, who tears and. feeds her own beef as well as her own aeon, through the assistance of the adjoining gold field common There is, again, a rabbit enclosure not far way, and quite a number of these skins, with those of the opossum, are to be seen hanging near the, door, undergoing the drying process, before being starched Into rugs. The cultivators informs us that she wants to purchase some more land, for the purpose of oomroenc'iijg a, more extended system of cultivation, and we trust she will get some. These are the kind of settlers we want to enrich the country, to render it prosperous, and to develope its resources to the utmost I Ararat ¿gwtwr. 