DEATH FPROM PIIGHT. IMr. IH. R. Walthcw, deputy coroner, held an inquest at the White Hart Tavern,. Kingsland road, touching the death of a young woman named Priscilla Maay, aged nineteen years, who lost her life through the practical joke of a ser vant, in dressing up a ghost. Mr. 1. IMay, a tradesman carrying on business at No. 145, Kingsland-road, said that de ceased, his daughter, was a dressmaker. She was in perfect health when, about four months ago she went to MIr. Blyth's House in Hyde-park gardens to do somen work. She returned three days after wards looking seriously affeted in health. She could hardly breathe. Her nostrils were greatly distended, and were plugged. She said that she had been terribly fright encd the night before. As she was going upstairs, she stated, with the governess and the servant, past the bath-room, the door of tihe latter was seen to be open. She asked the servant to close the door, and the latter was going to do so, when something all in white threw the door wide open, and appeared from the dark-. ness. She said that she instantly fell back screaming into the arms of the go verness. Blood gushed from her nostrils, and she was carried down stairs insensible. A doctor was sent for, and thu servants remained up with her all nighlt. It ap p'ared that the apparition was a servant, who dressed herself all in white as a practical jokS. Deceased never recovered ·from-the shock. She lost her appetite and her iiindhbecame affected.. She gra diually sank, and died on tlio l9tlh'hist. Sophia Sturgdou said that she was a ser rant in the employ of a gentleman re siling at No. 30, Upper Hyde-park gardens, Bayswvater. On the night in question witness was preceding Miss Clarke, the governess, and the deceased upstairs, when she heard a supernatural "scream to imitate a ghost." Deceased gave a scream, like laugsh, iand fell. Witness believed she fell upon the stairs. Deceased hlid been bleeding fromi tihe nose during the day. A doctor was sent for. Witness said that Emmai Frisbey, the nursery governess, caome to the door of the bath roomi in her white night dress as ajoke. Witness wouldswearnone of tihe other servants were in the becret. Emmnna Frisboy, nursery govcrnecss, said that she made her appearance in whlite merely to frighten the persons going up stairs. The other servants kncewv nothing of her intention. She told deceased thalt she was very sorry that she had so seri ously frightened her, the whole affair was a frolic " out of her own head." Mr. Waller said from what hlie could ascertain tile " ghost" was not pre- arranged by the other servants. Mlr. A. Chatterwood, surgeon, said that hIe was called in to deceased, and found her suffering from loss of blood from nauseaJ, sleeplessness, and want of appetite. Latterly she be came affectcd in her mind. She would not look at witnuess or answer when spoken to. HIe believed she died from an ob scure :affection of the brain conjoined with hmystcrics. Her death was decidedly ac celerated jby tile fright. Tile Coroner said that the act of dressing up as a ghost was very foolish and very daungerous. InII several cases it produced idiotcy, anid in the present instance it caused deatth. It was but right to consider, however, that the young wonman who caused tile nis chief did not intend anything serious, and tlihat she was evidently sincerely sorry for her folly. No doubt this case would act as a warning to young personls, and in that way do a public good. Tlie jury returned a verdict of j" Death from ob scure disease of the brain and hysteria accelerated by a fright, and that the said death ins caused by misfortune." 