a ghost story. A young German lady (still living) had arrived with a parly of frionds ot ore of tho most rsnowucd hotels in Paris, ai-.d occupied for her part an apartment on the first floor. furnished with unusual magnificonce. Hero sho lay nwake, long after the hotel was wrapped in slumber, contemplating by the faint glimmer of her night lamp, the ghostly objects in ber room, until suddenly the folding doors opposite her bed, which she hod oecurcd, flew opon, nnd tho ohambcr was filled with a bright light bb of day. In tbe midst of this there entered a hand some young man, in tho undress uniform of the French navy, having his hair dressed in tho poouliar modo a la" Titus. Taking a chair from tbe bedside, be plaoed it in tho mid- dlo of tho room, sat down, took from his pcckot a pistol with a rcmarkablo red butt and look, put it to his forehead, ahd firing, fell back ap parently dead. Simultaneous with tho explo sion the room became dark and still, but a low soft voice uttered tbeBe words, " Say an Ave Maria for his soul." The young lady had fallen back, not insensible, hut in a far more painful slate — in a kind of cataleptic trance, and thna remained folly oonscious ol all she imagiuod to havo occurred, but unable to have moved tongae or hand, nntil Beven o'clock on tlm following morning, ot which hour her maid, in obedience to orders, knocked at the door. Finding that .no reply was given, tho maid went away, and returning at eight in company with enoflier domestic, repeated her summons. Still no answer, and agoin, after a little oonsnltation, tbe poor young lady was delivered over for another hour to her agonized thoughts. At niuo tho doors were forced, aud at tho same moment speech and movement re turned. She shrieked out that a man iiad ohot himself there aomo hours before, and still lay upon tho floor. Observing nothing unusual, tney oonoluded it was the excitement conse quent upon some terrible droam. She was therefore placed iu nnother apartmont, and was with difficulty persuaded that tho sceno she so minutely described had no foundation iu reality. Half an hour later, tho hotel pro prietor desired 3n interview with tho gentle man of tho party, and declared that the Bcone so strangely ro enacted had ro'ually occurred three nights bofore, A young French officer had ordered the best room iu tho hotel— and thero terminated his life — using for the pur pose a pistol answering tbo description men tioned. The body and tho weapon still lay at the Morgue for identification ; the gentleman proceeded thither end saw both ; the head of tho unfortunato man exhibiting the " Titus " crop and tho wound in tho forehoad, as in the vision. Tho Archbishop of Paris, struck with tho extraordinary nature of the story, shortly aftor called upon tho young lady, and, directing her attention to tho expressiou used by tho mysterious voice, urged upon her, with much ferrour, the advisability of embracing that faith to whose teaching it appeared to point,— opicer a strange Things Among Us: 