TOPICS OF THE WEEK. By the arrival of the Havilah we have onr inter colonial files to the following dates : — Melbourne, March 18 ; Sydney, March 12 : Brisbane, March 9 ; Launceston, March 9 ; Hobart Town, March 9 ; Auckland, March 4 ; Dunedin, March 11. Some extracts will be fonud in another column. It is currently reported in town that Parliament will not be opened this year so early as usual. In reply to enquiries as to the length of time allowed for the Northern, Expedition to get ready, we may state that from the time when the vessel chartered announces her readiness to receive cargo, 21 days will be allowed. After the 21 days, there are 10 days subject to daily demurrage. It will hence be seen that the unut of delay is sharply drawn. We are informed r that every effort is being made to get away as early as possible, but that there is yet a good deal to be done. The Government have been compelled to send to Melbourne for Westley Richard's carbines, and many appointments have yet to be made. It is, no doubt, very desirable that the party -should get away as soon as possible, so as to make the most of the two or three months' favorable weather that they may look forward to on arrival. We are informed that at about the time of arrival the party expect to find some 1,500 Malay blacks located on that part of the coast, engaged in their annual fishing expedition. These men consist of certain heads of families, or chiefs, and slaves. They are all generally quietly disposed, although of course much caution is neces lary where such large numbers of men are congre gated. But the slaves, we are told, do not go armed; the heads of the party being alone the fighting men. Statements having been made to the effect that Greville & Bird's telegrams are about to be supplied to another newspaper office iu this city as well as to ourselves, we take this opportunity of stating that we have been no party whatever to any such proposi tion — that we should on no account agree toit, and that having communicated with Messrs. Greville & Bird, we now hold their agreement, dated March 14th, in in which they state that they will supply the Express and Advertiser with the ' exclusive ' use of their telegrams. These telegrams can be read in no papers but those issued from this office, and we trust our readers will appreciate the action we have taken. There was nothing brought before the Adelaide Police Court on Saturday. On Friday evening there was an interesting meet ing at Balhannah in connection with the public schools in that township. Mr. Francis Duffield, who has taken a great interest in the cause, presided ; and Mr. W. Townsend, M.P., at the special request of numerous friends in that locality, consented to go down and deliver a lecture. The subject was ' The Successful Merchant,' and the lecture was listened to with marked attention and greeted with hearty applause. We are informed that the school is pro gressing in a very satisfactory manner under the management of the new teacher, Mr. Winter, late o£ Macclesfield. On Sunday, the 20th instant, sermons were preached in St. Luke's Chnrch to large congregations on behalf of the funds of the Sunday schools belong ing to that Church. It was announced in Freeman-street Chapel on Sun day that the Rev. Mr. Evan was expected to return before next Sunday. We regret to learn the death of Mrs. Pettinger, the relict of the late Inspector, who was, as our readers recollect, barbarously murdered at Government House some time ago. Mrs. Pettinger, who, we hear, has never recovered the shock of that fatal event, died at Willunga on Thursday last, and her remains were brought to town and laid beside those of her husband on Sunday afternoon. An accident occurred in Hindley-street on Satur day evening about 6 o'clock, by which jthe life of a horse, valued at £16, was lost. It appears that a spring-cart, with some heavy goods in it, was stand ing at the door of Morgan & Pollard's shop, and a horse ridden by a person in the employ of Mr. Evens, the butcher, was coming down from Xing William-street, and when, nearly opposite the spring cart, the horse shied and struck against the shafts o£* the cart, driving one of them about 12 inches into- his flank, and turning the cart round with the back to the footpath. The horse in the spring-cart fell, and the harness was broken, but the other unfortu nate animal lay moaning in the street, till its owner came up, and with an axe put it out of its agony. By the last English mail the heads of the Hebrew congregation in Adelaide received from Dr. Adler, the chief rabbi in London, a form of Prayer and Thanksgiving on the Princess of Wales's safe delivery of a prince. The form was used for the first time at the Adelaide Synagogue last Sabbath (Saturday, the 19th instant). It consists of the 72nd and 150th, Psalms and several excellent prayers, in one of whicht (for the Queen) the following expressions occur, in which every English subject will join : — ' Grant that this royal offspring may be a restorer of her life, so that she may forget her sore grief. Heal with Thy balm the wound which is still bleeding ; soothe her afflicted soul with Thy heavenly solace ; may children, of the third and fourth generation be brought up upon her knees.' On Saturday evening, about 7 o'clock, an accident took place in Bundle-street, which might have resulted seriously. A man was riding furiously up the street, and came into collision with a cart belonging to Mr. Thomas, the draper, doing considerable damage to it. The man escaped unhurt. A friend in London writes to us, amongst other/ matters, with reference to the approaching settle ment of the Rev. Mr. Graham over the Congregate tional Church in Sydney, vacant by the retirement &t; Mr. Cuthbertson. Mr. Graham, is a minister of con siderable mark in London, being the successor of Dr. Leifchild, at Craven Chapel. We are informed, that the Craven Chapel congregation numbers move than 1,000 communicants, being one of the largest churches in London; and that Mr. Graham's treat ment by his people is of the most liberal description. It is therefore clear that Mr. Graham is not leaving London for reasons of personal advancement ; and he himself states that he would not remove from Craven Chapel to take the oversight of any other church in the United Kingdom. But he is strongly moved to cast in his lot with his fellow Christians in this hemisphere, and to assist in building up the vigorous though infant churches of Australia. The only drawback to the otherwise joyous prospect consists in the apparently delicate state of Mr. Graham's health. At the Liverpool Union Meeting, referring to bis probable departure for Sydney, he said that 'several providential circumstances ap peared to indicate that the lot had fallen on him to' go forth in answer to the appeal made to him — his own interest in Australia's spiritual capabilities and wants, the suggestion of a tried and earnest friend of the colonies, the unanimous advice of wise and spiritual brethren, his own comparative exhaustion, and the, health of bis family.' We trust that the voyage may recruit Mr. Graham's physical energies, and that his presence in Sydney may be a source of strength to the denomination, not only there but in all the Aus tralian colonies. The anniversary dinner of the Loyal Highercombe Lodge of Oddfellows, M.U., was held at Host Haines's, the Highercombe Hotel, on Friday, March 19\. _ In connection with the Lodge dinner there waa a picnic held in a paddock adjacent to the Hotel. Sehrader's Band was in attendance, and during the afternoon played some excellent dance musie. Run ning matches took place between boys and girls, for which liberal prizes were provided. A large slab hut was erected for the accommodation of the fair sex, under the sign of ' Do-em-all,' Sprightly & Co.,. proprietors. A first-rate dinner was served by Host Haines, and partaken of by between 30 and 40 of the brethren. The chair was taken by D-G.M. Lithgow, and the vice-chair by P.G. Cooke. The usual loyal toasts having been disposed of P.G. Gilmore pro posed the ' Various Interests of South Australia.' He alluded to the success that had attended those interests, and expressed a hope that prosperity would in future mark the career of the various interests of South Australia. N.G. Cooper responded. He was. glad to find that our agricultural interest was in a» prosperous state, and that the farmers were reaping; the benefits. Mr. Boswell proposed 'Success to the Highercombe Lodge.' He had hea?d of the good done by that Lodge, and of the imrjort ance of joining such Lodges. He hoped that pros perity and success would ever attend them. (Ap plause.) N.G. Mills responded. In consequence o- the heavy calls on the sick fund, the Lodge had during the last year to reduce the sick pay as low as 16s. per week. He hoped the old brothers would endeavour to introduce some young men into the Lodge, who would prove useful in taking an active part in the business, and so relieve those that had worked hard. P.G-M. Saunders proposed 'The Parliament of South Australia' in a lengthy and complimentary speech. The Vioe-Chairman read a letter from P.G.M. Sherring, apologising for his absence. He proposed ' The Manchester Unity and the Board of Directors in England.' To those gentlemen and brothers much of the success that had attended the M. U. was to be attributed. The colonial officers he knew, one and all, were desirous of thaakinff the Home Board for the services they hadren dered them. Drunk with applause. NO Haines proposed 'The Visiting Officer and Brothers. He waa always glad to see visitors among them, from the simple fact that it exhi ? bited a kindly feeling, and waa as such productive of much good to the Order. P.G. Howe responded' Ihere was no anniversary dinner he attended with greater pleasure than that of the Highercombe Lodge. He hoped ere long to see that Lodge one of the most uouruhing in the District. (Applause.) He thanked them for the kind manner in which they received tha visiting officers and brothers. P.G. Howe proposed 'The Adelaide Distriofc of Oddfellows.' The District was worth nearly £40,000. (Cheers.) At every quarterly meeting a large sum was given away in the shape of charitable gifts. He wished to couple ?with the toast the health of the District Officers. The toast was drunk with three times three. The Chairman responded to the last toast, and in doing so read some statistical information from the printed quarterly reports. He briefly alluded to the benefits that were received from joining the Order, and stated as an instance that he knew three families who were supported by their fnnds. P.Ch Kemp proposed 'Lady Daly and the ladies of South Australia' in a short and anrasing speech. Brother Train responded. The healths of ' The Chairman,' ' Vice-Chairman,' ' Press,' ' Host and Hostess,' were next proposed and re sponded to, after which the Chairman vacated his seat, the band playing ' God save the Queen.' The drawing for prizes in connection with the Glasgow Art-TJnion has taken place, and by the last mail Mr. D. Culley received a copy of the report and aflist of the prizeholders. It appears from the former that the Society still continues 'to fulfil the im portant object for which it was formed, namely, to aid in extending a knowledge of the fine arts by dis tributing among its members meritorious works of art. The amount which the Society has now ex pended directly on works of art, apart from the neces sary expenses of management, reaches the important sum of £91,500. The subscription-list for the year just closed numbers 3,451 shares of one guinea each, and amounts to £3,623 lls. The prizes now to be distributed are of the aggregate coBt value of £1,245 ; they number in all 238, being equal to a prize for each 15 shares subscribed. For the ensuing year the Committee have much pleasure in announcing that as the presentation work each subscriber shall be entitled to a valuable chromo- lithograph, after the painting ' The Pressgang Sixty Years Ago,' by Alexander Johnstone, Esq., London. This painting is now on exhibition in the Fine Art Institute in Glasgow, and has been one of the chief objects of attraction in the Exhibition. The catalogue price of the painting is 500 guineas.' The prizes due to South Australian subscribers are as follow : — Prize of £6, ' Pastoral Scene,' C. Sabine ; prize of £5 5s., 'Sunshine,' W. H. Abbott; Chromo-lithograph, 'Returning from School — Storm coming on,' B. 2'oovey, Norwood ; Chromo-lithograph, ' Coming of Age in the Olden Time,' W. Duffield ; Chromo lithograph, 'Deer-Stalkers' Eeturn,' Chas. T. Mole. The bazaar in connection with the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, and in aid of the fund now being raised to clear the debt from that building, will be held to-morrow and the two following days. Great preparations have been made by the lady friends of the temperance cause, and it is expected that the bazaar will be highly successful. In the evenings a novel kind of entertainment is promised in the shape of ringing a peal of bells. It is to be hoped the friends of the temperance cause will muster strong on the occasion, and do all they can to rid the very neat hall of the iacubus that has been so long resting upon it. We bear that Messrs. E. W. Andrews and J. Hallett have been spoken of as likely to be solicited to stand as candidates for filling the vacancy, caused in the representation of the Electoral District of Mount Barker, by the lamented death of the late Mr. Allan Macfarlane. We believe that the Northern Expedition will really sail about the 10th or 11th of ApriL Demur rage commences about that time, and Mr. Finniss Trill make every effort to get ail things in readiness before the lay days have expired. It will be seen from our Port Elliot correspondent's telegram that the Athol, grain laden, has gone ashore. The Athol arrived from Victor Harbor on the 12th, and took in cargo for Melbourne at Port Elliot. The only case which came before the Police Court on Monday was one of inebriety, which resulted in the imposition of the usual penalty of 5s. The following tenders have been received at the Colonial Architects' Office for gas-fittings at the Ade laide Hospital:— W. Hooper, £155 18s. (accepted); W. C. Bulk, £159 17e.; B. Dodgeon, £185; H. L. Vobz, £193. For alterations to the Telegraph Station at Nbrmanville — J. Birtwistle, £255 /accepted) ; W. McEwin, £265. The following is a list of killed and wounded of the 40th Regiment in the late skirmish with the New Zealand natives on the banks of the Manga Peko : — ' Killed, 4 — John MeDoaall, 33 years of age, pene trating wound of chest through the heart; Henry Slake, 24 years, gunshot wound through the head ; George Cooper, 22 years, perforating wound of chest through the heart ; Michael Cahill, 30 years, gunshot ?wound of face and base of skull. Wounded — James Bready, severe gunshot wound through the left wrist joint, 'fore arm since amputated ; James Bobbins, severe wound on the left hand; Joseph Spriggs, severe gunshot wound in right iliac region, ball since extracted ; John Peaton, gunshot wound through the nape of the neck ; John Meighan, slight wound of left leg; Thomas Sullivan, slight wound of scrotum.' The Education Board sat on Monday, when the monthly report of the Inspector was read and various correspondence disposed of. At the special meeting of the City Council held on Monday Mr. Christopher Gapp was elected mes senger to the Corporation. The Public Works Com mittee's report was read and adopted. It was agreed that the system hitherto pursued with respect to advertising in the newspapers should be continued — that is in the two morning papers and the Telegraph. To add to the catalogue of accidents which have recently taken place, we may mention that a man had his arm broken on Monday near the Exeter Hotel, Bundle- street, by a dray passing over it. His Honor Mr. Commissioner Macdonald gave judgment on Monday on the question raised on Saturday respecting the adjudication in the case of Messrs. Goode & Cussen. His Honor said it could be annulled on payment of the costs of Mr. Boord, the petitioning creditor. The anniversary tea meeting in connection with the German Evangelical Lutheran Churchof St. Stephen's, Pirie-street, Adelaide, was held at the WeBleyan Lecture TTail on Monday evening. About 200 per sons sat down at 5 o'clock to an excellent tea, pro vided by the ladies of the congregation. The public meeting commenced at 7 o'clock, Mr. J. Colton, M.P., in the chair. After a German hymn had been sung, and prayer offered by the Bev- Mr. Bechtel, an address was delivered in German and English by the Bev. Pastor Maschmidt, and a speech by the 'Bev. 3?. W. Cox, and a collection was made. Pastor Boediger, of Gawler, then delivered a short sermon and Mr. Bechtel and Mr. Schseffer next addressed the audience in English and German. Votes of thanks were heartily accorded to the Chairman and the ladies, and the proceedings concluded with a prayer by Pastor Boediger, and the singing of a German hymn. The 'Congregational Tear Book' for 1863 has just been published, and contains a huge amount of useful information, and a mass of statistics, interest ing to the denomination for whose use it is more immediately compiled. From this work we learn that there are in the United Kingdom, including the Channel Islands, 2,651 Congregational Churches, and in the colonieB 248 more, of which number 121 are in. Australia. There are also 203 Congregational Mission Churches, mnking a total of 3,102 churches of t*'g order. This is exclusive of outstations, small village churches, and preaching-rooms, which, it is said would themselves amount to double the fore going number. The Congregationalists have 2,612 accredited ministers, of whom 480 are without con gregations, some being superannuated, others disen gaged, others occupied as tutors, secretaries, &c.; Xrozn the same work we learn that there are 1,270 Baptist churches in England and Wales, with 1,888 sninieters and 130,825 members. We have been favored by a gentleman in Adelaide ?with a list of the subjects for premiums for the sessions 1863-4 and 1864-5 issued by the Society for the encouragement of arts, manufactures, and com merce. We observe that the Society will award its medals for communications or discoveries in relation to the following subjects, which are well worthy of the attention of South Australian colonists : — Australian Sugar — For the production and manufacture of not Isss than one ton of cane sugar, the produce of any of the Australian colonies. Details of the extent of land under cultivation, the yield of sugar per acre, and the fiost of production per ton, to be furnished. Australian Coffee — For the successful introduction of coffee cultivation into any of the Australian colonies, and the production of 1 cwt. of merchantable coffee. Samples of lOlbs. to be sent to the Society. Spice Culture in Australia— For the introduction of the nutmeg, clove, pepper, or any other useful commercial plant into the Australian colonies, and the produc tion of not less than 1 cwt. of product therefrom. Samples of at least 1 lb. of each to be sent to the Society. Ailanthus Silkworm — For the introduction of the Ailanthus silkworm into Australia, and the production of not less than one bale of silk. Samples of 1 lb. at least to be sent to the Society. Flax in Australia — For the production in any of the Aus» tralian colonies of flax of a good marketable quality. A Bample of not leBs than one bale to be forwarded to the Society. African Spice Plants— For an account of the spice plants, and condiments of Africa, wild or cultivated, ?with samples and cost. Essential Oils from Aus tralia — For the introduction into commercial use at a v moderate price of the essential oils shown at the late International Exhibition from Australia, or any other .new essential oil likely to be useful in medicine or the arts. Mineral oil from Australia — Eor the manufacture in Australia of any very cheap oil from mineral or other sources, and its application to the fcurposesof illumination, lubricating machinery, use in. the industrial arts, &c.; Improved Sugar Ma xjhinery — -For a practical report on any recent im provements in sugar machinery introduced into and adopted in the British or French colonies, or on the Continent, Steam Coal in Australia — For the dis f orerr in any of tks Australian, colonies, and the in troduction into local commerce of a good steam coal. Particulars and probable quantity available, distance of mine from shipping port, and comparative heating power and cost to be furnished. Substitute for Cotton or Flax. — For any new fibrous plant or sub stance which may be used wholly or in part as a substitute for cotton, flax, hemp, &c;, or any new processes whereby useful fibres may be extracted from plants. New Edible Boots— For the discovery and introduction into this country of any new edible root useful as food for man or cattle, and capable of exten sive and improved cultivation. Edible Seaweeds — For a means of rendering seaweeds generally available as a wholesome vegetable food on board ship. The Society give the following requisitions with regard to colonial produce of all kinds : — ' It is absolutely necessary that a certificate from the Governor, or other qualified person, should accom pany the samples sent to the Society, certifying that they really are the produce of the particular district referred to. The samples should be sufficient in quantify to enable experiments to be made, and an opinion formed of then* quality ; and it is desirable that the cost price in the district from which they are forwarded should be given. In every instance the probable extent of supply, with the average yield, if cultivated, and whether similar articles have hitherto been exported from the colony or not, and in what quantities, should be stated.' For the infor mation of those of our readers who may be addicted to scientific pursuits we annex three subjects which may tax their ingenuity, and for which the Society's medals will also be awarded : — Application of Elec tricity to Organs. — For the production of an organ in which, by the use of electricity or magnetism, tunes of greater length and variety than those or dinarily produced on barrel-organs may be performed mechanically. Electric Weaving. — To the manufac turer who practically applies electricity to the pro duction commercially of figured fabrics in the loom. Electricity. — For any new procesB for producing or obtaining galvanic electricity, so that it may be ob tained in large quantities at small cost. Melbourne Punch contains the following item of squatting intelligence : — 'A very intelligent settler, not in the Upper House, has written to Clough & Co. for a few dozen of Saxby's wethers !' We extract the following piece of intelligence from the Lord Bishop's notes of his missionary visit to Wallaroo, as published in the Church Chronicle : — On Monday, the 14th inst., the Bishop met several members of the congregations at 5 p.m., at Wallaroo and at 8 in Kadina. The result was satisfactory ; it was agreed to raise £125 from each church towards stipend, leaving fees and Synodal aid to meet house rent until a parsonage can be built. Mr. Shepherd son liberally offered as a site part of one of the best allotments in the township, valued at £80 or £100, which was gratefully accepted. The same evening, at Kadina, a letter was received from Mr. Boor, the dis coverer of the Wallaroo Mine, offering to pay off the debt of the Kadina Church (about £200) from the first dividend received by him on his shares, as a thank-offering to God. He also, as well as Mr. McKay, promised support to a minister to the amount of £20 each. The spirit thus evinced by members of both congregations, together with the excellent choirs in each church, has made the visit to Wallaroo and Kadina unusually encouraging. The Bev. Canon Marryat has paid a missionary tour to the southern districts, and in the course of his notes, as published in the Chwrch Chronicle, he says : — ' On turning to the report of Synod for 1863, I see that the building at Normanville is called St. James's Church. This is evidently a mistake, as it is not vested in trustees, and is still held as private property by the gentleman who built it. I think it right to call attention to this fact, because it is one of principle. If gentlemen build private rooms, which they can sell and mortgage and do with as they like, they ought not to be regarded as building churches. Such a building may be built for mere selfconve nience, or even as a speculation, to give importance to a village. Sut whatever the motive is, this plan of building private rooms is evidently one not to be encouraged by the church at large. Here and there it may be a convenience to a village, but otherwise it may do more harm than good: The builder may put it up in a spot most convenient to himself or Ms property, and make it an excuse for not helping his poorer neighbours to build a church which would suit them. Added to this there is the uncertainty of the tenure. The owner may be well-disposed, but the congregation cannot get over the feeling that, for all they know, the building may be mortgaged, and next week may see it turned into a barn, or stable, or a dancing room. Besides, it destroys all interest in the church. Who will spend a penny on what is not their own ? or care to support a minister who may be turned out of the building at a moment's notice by one over whom they have no control ? If any one puts up a building, pays for the minister, and keeps the building in repair, he maybe the means of doing good ; or even if he leases the building to the con gregation, then the congregation know at least what they are doing, but otherwise I fear that more harm than good may be done. And I am quite sure that the church at large should not give her sanction by calling snch placeB churches. Let them be classed as licensed buildings.' In the Supreme Court on Tuesday, in the case of Boord v. Yule, a verdict was given for the plaintiff. Damages, £39, with costs. In. the case of the New Cornwall Mining Company v. Darwent, a verdict was given for the plaintiffs for the amount claimed. There being no other case before the Jury they were dis charged. During the day Mr. Ingleby made a special application for a certiorari, Douglas v. Grindle, which was granted. Tenders for the following works have been received at the Colonial Architect and Engineer's Office : — For repairs and painting at the Houses of Parlia ment, Hall & Co., £77 10s. (accepted) ; J. P. Soar, £119 ; Hagedorn & Applin, £120 ; Bae & Chew, £150. For painting Post Office and Local Court Office, &c.;, B. Dodgeon, £78 (accepted) ; H. & F. Morey, £79 10s. ; F. Hagedorn, £95; Bae & Chew, £165 10s. ; G. Bobins & Co., £175. We see by advertisement in another column that the North Adelaide Congregational Chapel will be reopened on the 21st ApriL The Bombay Gazette, of the 13th February, speak ing of the Persian Gulf Telegraph, says : — The most important event of the fortnight is the successful completion of one principal portion of the great en terprise for connecting England and India by the tele graphic wire. By noon on Tuesday, the 9th instant, 359 miles of the Persian Gulf cable, forming the first section from Gwadur to Cape Mussendom on the Arabian coast, had been laid from the ships Kirkham and Marian Moore, and at 3 o'clock in the afternoon of the eame day a telegram, dated Malcolm's Inlet, Cape Mussendom, and sent through the cable to Gwadur, and thence to Kurrachee, reached Bombay, and made known the gratifying news that thus far nothing could have been more successful. The cable is reported to be in perfect working order. The Tweed, which is the third of the cable ships, has arrived here, and is only waiting for the Feroze, now overdue, to be towed up the Gulf, when the laying of the second section, from Cape Mussendom to Bushire, will be at once commenced. The Assaye, with the third section on board, left England nearly four months ago, and anchored in our port yesterday ; and the probabilities are that by the end of March the whole length of the cable will have been submerged, and that Bombay will be in direct telegraphic com munication with Bussora. Recent letters from Bagdad, however, make us anxious for the safety of the short land line from Bussora to that city, the Arabs having already, as we learn, broken the wires and ill- treated the workmen engaged in the con struction of the line. Another difficulty likely to make itself felt when the cable has been laid down is the inefficiency of the present telegraph from Kurra chee to Bombay. It will be most vexatious if, after so many more serious obstacles have been successfully overcome, telegraphic communication with England is interrupted precisely where it ought to be most safe and regular. The Arabs between Bagdad and Bussora may be quieted partly by threats and partly by bribery, but the Indian telegraph department can neither be frightened nor coaxed into doing its work properly, and the sole remedy is for an independent English company to make a line of its own between Bombay and Kurrachee. A match between the Hindmarsh and West Ade laide Cricket Clubs was played on Monday on the West Park Lands. As will be seen from the score, the Hindmarsh men won easy in a single innings The following is the score : — WEST ADELAIDE. first Innings. Second Innings. W. HUlier, b. Leaney ? o c. Leaney ... ... 5 fi. Leaver, b. Leaney ? 5 b. Jones ? 7 C. Tompkws, c. Hunwick ... 13 b. Hunwiok ... 9 J. Cnittleborongh, c. Lowe ... 8 not oat ? 8 £-. Bebee. at. Stacey ? 0 b. Taylor ? 0 W. Botten, b. Leaney ? 2 b. Hunwick «. 1 L. Grayson, b. Jones ... ... 4 b. Taylor ? a E. Pinkstone, ran out ? 9 b. Leaney .„ ... 3 a. Roberts, c. Jones ... ... 0 ran oat ? 0 W. Thurlow, b. Leaney ? 0 b. Huawiek ... 11 H. Clift, not out ? 6 b. and c Leaney ... 2 Byes ? 4 No balls ... 1 Total ? „ n « HUTOMABSH. First InningB. W.Johns, not out ? „ ... 41 W. Taylor, b. Roberts ? 5 G. Hunwick, b. Roberts ? 6 W. Lowe, b. Roberts ? 4 W. Leaney, b. Roberts ... ? 25 G. Jones, b. Roberta ? «, ? 0 G-. Stacey, 1-b.w. ? „. ... o W. Beale, ran out ? „ ... 1 F. King, b. Leaver ? 10 W. Rose, c. Pinkstone ? s G. KuBeeu, c. Packer ? 8 Byes ? ~ ? 11 Wides ? 3 Leg bye ? 1 Total ? 123 The conversazione of the Adelaide Philosophical Society was held at the Institute on Tuesday evening. His Excellency the Governor took the chair at half past 7 o'clock, and the business of the monthly meet ing Of the Soeiaty was first transacted, 3tf«WS» W, Cavanagh, M.P., and C. S. Hare were duly elected members. The Chief Justice then rose, and, in the name of the Society, presented to Mr. J. Howard Clark an excellent photographic apparatus as a mark of the high sense entertained of the past services rendered by him to the advancement of the Society. Mr. Clark expressed his gratification in appropriate terms, and an interval of half an hour was then spent by the ladies and gentlemen present in examining the microscopes and works of art lent for the occasion. There was an abundance to instruct and amuse, for not only was the Museum of the Institute and the School of Design open, but 16 different microscopes were on the tables, and the interval allowed was not nearly enough to examine half of the beautiful and interesting objects accompanying the instruments. His Excellency having resumed the chair, the Bev. J. Maughan read a brief paper on the ' Utility of the Microscope.' He referred to the immense ubs of optics, so far beyond what was contemplated by the founders of the science, and then spoke of the different and great values of the telescope and microscope, the latter of which, from a mere scientific toy, has become of vast importance to the advancement of knowledge, by its discoveries among the minutest organisms. The anatomist and physiologist are ah'ke indebted to the microscope, by which every part of the body has been examined, and great alterations made in our knowledge of vital action. Thus it has been found that each part of the animal organism has a separate life in itself. To geological science also the microscope has been of service in investigating the relics of the past, and ex hibiting the true origin of some of the fossils. As an ally of chemistry, it has opened up fresh fields of investigation. And it has also been of use to the detective police by the exhibition of era sures, and the use of different inks in suspicious documents. The rev. gentleman here related the well-known case of the bullion robbery on the South western Bailway, in which the thief was detected by a microscopic examination of the quality of the sand with which he had filled one of the bullion boxes, the result being the discovery of the locality where the robbery had been committed, and the con sequent apprehension at that place of the thief. Lastly, he spoke of the adulteration of food and medicine, and said that we were indebted to Dr. Hassell for his discoveries on this subject. He said the value of the microscope had been greatly en hanced by the discovery of the laws of polarization of light, which disclosed to us the hitherto unknown and exquisite organization of bodies, and concluded by saying that we were only on the threshold of scien tific discoveries, so that there was infinitely more unknown than what was known, and only an eternity could suffice for us to know ourselves and the world in which we live. Mr. C. Todd moved a vote of thanks to the Bev. Mr. Maughan. His own experi ence had been more amongst telescopes than micro scopes, and he had derived much pleasure from the rev. gentleman's lecture. Mr. Hosking seconded, and the vote was carried by acclamation. The Bev. Mr. Maughan returned thanks. He said that the limits allowed him, and the short time he had had to pre pare his paper, had prevented him from making it more interesting. The Secretary then explained that the Bev. J. B. Austin, of Maecleafield, had written to him, stating that be could not be present that evening, owing to the death of a dear friend. The Chief Justice moved a vote of thanks to His Excel lency for presiding, which was carried by acclamation. His Excellency, in. acknowledging the vote, said that nothing gave him greater pleasure than to attend meetings of that nature, which he hoped would be come more frequent. The business of the evening was thus concluded, but the ladies and gentlemen present spent some time longer in examining the microscopes. The annual tea and public meeting of the Baptist chapel, Lefevre-terrace, North Adelaide, was held last Tuesday. M. B. A. Tarlton presided over the public meeting, and introduced Mr. C. H. Goode to the meeting. That gentleman then delivered a very pleasant conversational lecture, descriptive of his re collections of a visit he paid to Italy, in company with the Bev. W. Landels, in the year 1862. On the motion of the Bev. J. Gardner, seconded by the Bev. J. Jefferis, a cordial vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Goode. Mr. E. S. Wigg then, on behalf of several members of the church and congregation, pre sented Miss Stonehouse (daughter of the pastor), with a purse, containing a sum of money (unmen tioned), in recognition of her valuable services as player of the harmonium, and as an expression of the respect and ^esteem entertained towards her. The Bev. G. Stonehouse having replied to the gift, votes of thanks were accorded to the ladies and to the Chairman, after which the meeting closed. The pro ceeds of the services amounted to over £20. We publish fuller particulars in another column. The seventh anniversary of the Bible Christian Chapel, Young-street, has just been celebrated. On Sunday last sermons were preached in the morning, afternoon, and evening, by the Bevs. Messrs. J. Bock, J. Lyall, and J. Way respectively. On Monday a tea meeting, pretty well attended, was held, after which a public meeting took place, presided over by Mr. J. Pellew. Addresses were delivered by the Bev. Messrs. Lee, Bock, Way, and Maughan ; and an interesting dialogue was reoited by six young lads. The total proceeds of the services realised £13. On Tuesday the children connected with the school were treated to then? annual festival. They started from town at a suitable hour in the morning for Mitcham, where the day was spent in a pleasur able way. They returned to the Bchoolroom about 5 o'clock, and partook of tea, after which they pro ceeded home. The school now numbers 128 scholars, and there is a library connected with it of about 300 volumes. On Monday evening, March 21, a lecture was delivered before the members of the Norwood Young Men's Association in Bennett's Schoolroom, Syden ham-road, by the Bev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, on 'Natural Magic.' The President (Mr. B. Wells) occupied the chair. The room was completely crowded, including a large number of ladies. The rev. lecturer introduced his subject by alluding to the study of natural magic in ancient times, when its students exerted their superior knowledge in striking superstitious dread into the minds of the less enlightened. He spoke of the muffled thunder pro duced in some of the heathen temples ; of the fountain which was reported to have sent forth wine seven days in the year and water during the remaining days ; and to other apparently surprising effects traceable to an acquaintance with some of the laws of acoustics, hydrostatics, and mechanics. Passing on, he con cisely described the eye, referring especially to the insensibility of that part of the retina situated at the base of the optic nerve, which he illustrated by experiments. Among other interesting facts asso ciated with this subject, he showed that the nerve could not simultaneously act as a channel to convey impressions from the brain to the eye and vice versa. Again, adverting to the subject of ghosts and spectres, he remarked that the larger number of such apparitions could be explained by natural causes, such aB a peculiar condition of the mind, disease, spectral illusion, &e.;, and gave an instance from 'Brewster's Natural Magic,' in which a woman was constantly being visited by apparitions on which she was in the habit of experimenting in order to prove then? immaterial character. He next, by means of the thaumatrope, demonstrated how the image of an object was retained on the retina for a short interval, and then by a series of interesting ex periments showed what strange results could be pro duced from simple causes. Mr. J. Z. Sellar moved a vote of thanks to the reverend gentleman for the highly instructive and interesting lecture he had given them. Mr. John Wells in a few appropriate re marks seconded the proposition, which was carried with acclamation, and the company dispersed. The long projected bazaar in aid of the reduction at the debt on the Temperance Hall, North ' Ade laide, was commenced on Tuesday in the building. The stalls were presided over by the following ladies :— Stall No. 1, Mrs. Bickle and Miss Baikes ; No. 2, Mrs. Nelson ; No. 3, Mrs. Hill ; No. 4, Miss Jessie Cole ; No. 5, Mrs. G. Newman. Re freshment stall, Mrs. Sweetzer. There was a large variety of goods of a very useful character, as also a considerable quantity of fancy work. The attend ance in the daytime was not very large, but in the evening an improvement took place, and a brisk trade was transacted. The pealing of the bells by Mr. Ferryman, and some other music, formed an attraction and caused much enjoyment. The gross proceeds of the day amounted to £47 2s. 6d. A fresh lot of goods was unpacked and disposed of on Thursday. An accident occurred on Monday evening on the Bay-road, which has caused the death of a very valuable horse, belonging to Mr. William Fisher. Mr. Fisher was driving the Hon. J. Morphett from his residence at Cummins, and on turning into the road near the Morphett Arms the horse shied at something and commenced kicking very violently. The animal did great damage to the buggy to which he was attached, and so injured itself that it had to be shot on the following day (Tuesday). Its value was, we are told, estimated at £60. The following is a list of the shippers of horses per Utopia for Madras :— F. B. Hunt, 3 ; J. Frame, 1 - Allan Bell, 4 ; T. Hamlyn, 1 ; T. W. Moran, 8 ; M. Scott, 3 ; J. Harvey, 2 j A. Ferguson, 8 ; G. Bennett, 8; J. Gilbert, 1} G. Abton, 12; J. Crimp, 2j J. Knowles, 2 ; James Brown, 25 5 Hutohinson, 28 ; J. Crane, 5 ; Dr. Fisher, 3. The two lots shipped by Mr. Brown and Mr. Hutchinson are unbroken horses from the South-EaBtern District. On Friday evening last, March 18, the Eev. J. Maughan delivered a lecture in the Hindmarsh In stitute, entitled ' A Journey with Dr. Livingstone through Central Africa.' There was an excellent attendance. The Bev. S. L. Harris presided. He expressed his pleasure in seeing such a good atten dance after the numerous disappointments to which they had been subjected. He said the subject to which they were about to. listen, was. gn,eof very wv»\\* derable interest. There was very little known about Central Africa; but it was important that the little that had recently been discovered should be exten sively circulated. In the hands of Mr. Maughan he was sure the subject would be treated in an interest ing and comprehensive manner. The Bev. J. Maughan said when a man was desirous to make a long journey in a short time he needed a long purse, a good constitution, a pleasant companion, and some knowledge of his destination. As, however, their journey that evening was only an imaginary one, they would dispense with the question of purse and constitution, and go at once to the character of their companion and the nature of the locality they were about to visit. He then gave an epitome of the early history and labours of Dr. Livingstone ; ex plained the geographical peculiarities of Africa; started mth Dr. Livingstone at the Cape on his great exploratory journey; accompanied him with much difficulty, and amidst many perils from famine, fever, and the natives, into the Makaloo country, up the Leeambye Ewer, west to Loanda, and back ; and then down the Zambesi to the sea on the east coast, and back to the Cape again. The lecturer explained the political and religious motives that prompted such a long and perilous journey; narrated many anec dotes of the country, its people, and their customs ; and concluded an interesting lecture of an hour and three quarters' duration by commending to the audi ence the persevering and heroic example of their con ductor and guide. In the Victorian Legislative Assembly, on the 17 th inst., Mr. Anderson asked the Commissioner of Customs whether he had received any communica tions from the Government of South Australia rela tive to Border duties ? The Commissioner is reported to have replied as follows : — ' No official communication had been received, but the Hon. Mr. Hart, Treasurer of the South Australian Government, while in Melbourne engaged in the business of the Intercolonial Conference upon Lighthouses, had made a proposition to him on the subject. The pur port of this was that the duties on river borne goods reaching the Murray, via Adelaide, should be col lected, as at present, by South Australia, in con formity with the tariff of that colony. As he (the Commissioner) saw no objection to either of the points he offered him, Captain Hart then suggested that South Australia should receive 10 per cent, out of the whole amount for the service, leaving 90 per cent., of which New South Wales would have 60 per cent., and Victoria 30 per cent. There was, however, a further claim, which would practically absorb the 30 per cent., which would be handed over for the benefit of South Australia, owing to the position of that colony at the mouth of the river. Under these circumstances he did not encourage the proposition of Captain Hart. At all events, that gentleman was not officially instructed.' We are informed that the signatures to the anti transportation petition have been sent in from Brighton, Mitcham, Mount Barker, and Portland Estate, and have been, forwarded to Hib Excellency with a request that they may be laid before Her Majesty. We regret to state that a young man holding a clerkship in the Chief Secretary's office has been dis missed from the service in consequence of his having written the name of one of his friends to a certain acceptance which he was negociating, and having used the signature of another friend in an unjusti fiable manner in a similar document. He was in debted to Mr. Henning, the upholsterer, in a consi derable amount, and as soon as these circumstances were known it was apprehended that he would leave the colony by the Havilah. A warrant was therefore issued against him for the debt on Wednesday after noon. The friends of Mr. John Bailey, who has been so long and well-known as the proprietor of the Hackney Nursery, will be sorry to hear that he has for some months past been suffering from serious ill ness. He was taken to the Hospital on Tuesday, and we regret to say that his complaint is pronounced in curable. Our Sydney telegrams report the capture, at Albuvy, of Ryan, another of the celebrated gang of bushrangers infesting New South Wales. We understand that a meeting has been held by the Smillie tenants in Nairne to me morialise the trustees of the estate for a reduction of their rents, as the crops in the district are so very bad this year. Some say they will not average more than five bushels an acre. By the Hobart Town Jtfercury of the 16th instant we observe the company there performing at the Theatre Boyal were only to play one week more in Tasmania, as they would then leave for Adelaide to fulfil their engagement with Mr. A. J. Solomon. The Viotoria Theatre here will, we understand, be opened by Mr. Solomon the first or second week in April with a very strong company. ? ? ♦ Neablt Btteied Alive ! — A case of apparent death occurred in Berlin lately, and naturally created no little sensation. The wife of a well to-do mer chant had, after a short illness, suddenly expired in the night. Next morning the corpse was carried by women called in to prepare it for the funeral, into a retired apartment, when the usual operations of washing, &c.;, were performed upon it. The husband went out in the course of the day to make the neces sary arrangements for the funeral, when, during his absence, the neighbors were aroused by fearful shrieks proceeding from the dwelling of the deceased. On entering, the neighbors found no one at home, and finding the door of the room from which the cries issued locked, they broke it open, and to their horror discovered that the corpse had risen from the dead! In less than forty- eight hours the woman would have been buried in a living tomb — a casualty which, though happily prevented in her case by a speedy recovery from the fit, it is to be feared car ries off no inconsiderable number of persons every year. _^^^_^_^_^___^___ 