THE MELANESIAN MISSION. A MEETING was held in St. John's School- house, yesterday afternoon, at half- past four o'clock, to hear the Right Rev. Bishop Patte- son give an account of the mission in which he is engaged in the Islands of the Pacific lying to the north-east of Queensland. The chair was occupied by His Excellency the Governor, who was accompanied by Lady Bowen. There were a great many ladies and gentlemen present; in fact the room could not comfortably have accommodated a larger number. We noticed on the platform His Honor Chief Justice Cockle, the hon. Colonel O'Connell, the hon. R. G. W. Herbert, the hon. T. De Lacy Moffatt, and other gentle- men. Prayer having been offered up by the Rev. Mr. BLISS, HIS EXCELLENCY rose and introduced Bishop Patteson to the meeting. He said that when he parted many years ago from his right re- verend fried on the banks of the Isis, he little thought he would meet him on the banks of the Brisbane. At a recent meeting of the Bible Society in England, the Bishop of Oxford had used language which appeared to him (the chairman) to be very appropriate to the pre- sent occasion. It was as follows:- "Do not let any man for an instant suppose that I undervalue that inestimable boon - the Bible. That book is the light of out paths; the guide of our footsteps; it is the sword of the Spirit; it is the Word of God. If you want to repel an invader would you send 10.000 swords without 10,000 hands to wield them? I trow not. If the Bible is the 'sword of the Spirit,' you must send hands to wield that sword. Above all, you must send men who have been drilled to the work. So it is with our soldiers and volunteers; and God be praised for it. We put good arms in trained hands. nor is this enough. There mus be the Queen's commission for the officers - the Queen's authority for the training. So it should be in our Christian army. There must be the sword of the Spirit in trained hands; and there must be the commission of the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords." He thought that for the purpose they had met together that afternoon nothing which could be said by a layman would be nearly so interesting or so profitable as that which they would hear from the Right Rev. Bishop Patteson, who he would introduce to the meeting. Bishop PATTESON rose, and after thanking the ladies and gentlemen present for attend- ing at so short a notice, said that when he told them that he had been drilled for the work by Bishop Selwyn of New Zealand, he had no doubt they would listen to his descrip- tion of the mission in which he was engaged, and believe that what he told them was the result of some experience. The various groups of islands to which he applied the term Melanesian was situated to the east and north- eastward of Queensland. The tempe- rature was very high, and the hear was ex- cessive. The climate was generally so unhealthy that it was impossible, with due regard to the economy of life, permanently to reside among them. The languages spoken by the natives were almost innumerable. In seventy islands, there were no less than 100 different dialects, each of which was totally distinct from the other. There was a great difference in that respect between the islands of the Eastern Pacific and those situated in the West Pacific. In the former, where many Wesleyan missions were established, although there were different dialects, the whole of them had a foundation in one common lan- guage. The climate, also, was much healthier; altogether, the circumstances were so different, that it was necessary to adopt another plan in the western than that resorted to in the islands of the eastern portion of the Pacific. He knew one island in which no less than half a dozen languages were spoken. The plan which he generally adopted in order to obtain intercourse with the natives, was to introduce himself as well as he could on the various islands, induce some of the natives to go with him to New Zealand, do all he could to learn their language, and endeavour by that means to es- tablish a footing on the island. He had generally found that plan, the conception of which was due to Bishop Selwyn - with the exception of some few modifications - to be attended with great success. The question then came, how he managed to introduce himself in the first instance. Simply that as the mission schooner sailed by the islands - which generally were dotted from valley to hill top with luxuriant verdure, and were really beautiful to look at, though very un- healthy to live upon - they would see a num- ber of natives, from fifty to five hundred, as- assembled upon the beach, all of whom were beings to whom he considered it to be his duty to impart the truths of the Gospel. Well, a boat would be lowered away, and rowed to within a mile and a half of the land, nearer than which distance it was not wise at first to approach, when he could swim or wade ashore. He always found the best de- fence was to go among the natives defenceless. They would, perhaps, ask the reason why one unarmed man should come among them, but it was very unlikely they would fear him. He believed that all quar- rels arose from one or both of the parties being afraid; but if there was no cause for fear on either side he did not consider there was any danger - certainly there was not half the risk which they were generally led to boliovo attondud any attempt to communioato with tito nntivos. Tho plan ndoptod by tho sandal-wood gatherers wns a bad ono, mid utninontly calculated to produce suspicion on botli sides. Thoy gouorally wont witb a boat full of armed mon, mid banded n pieco of cnlico or whatovor olso thoy desired to givo in exchange for something oxpoctod from tho nntivos at tho ond of mi oar. mid perhaps ro cuived ii yam in return by tlio same procoss Uo was strongly of opinion that if confidence was engendered in thom thoy would show their host. His idea was that if ho loved thom why should tboy not lovo him, Thoy wore naturally vory suspicious, and if per sons went to thom suspiciously they saw it at onco, nnd acted accordingly. Tho proper way was to go among thom with confidence and any danger which might exist was thereby lessened considerably. Ho hud been among Hiern for eight years and that was tho result of hu experience. Tho year before last he had visited no less than forty islands, and had landed on tho island of Santa Cruz, which was generally believed to be peopled by tho wildest savages in the wholo Pacific Ocean? at all events, he had landed, and wns allowed to come and go perfectly unmolested. H0 considered that tho Melanesian mission was really as much tho mission of the people of'1'. Queensland as it was his; and he bad only'' hesitated iu coming beforo them with an anomalous plan. As he beforo'stated. it was useless to attempt a permanent location among tho islauds. His duty lay in getting a number of the natives togethor, and with thom learn tho various languages, living ia a healthier climate; Ho had 200 scholars in Now Zealand, and among them* was one lad who ho had had for throe years, and of whom ho expected much. It was a blessed sight to seo bis aftornoon class, presided over by Mr. Prttt, ono of bis most valued assistants. Tho assiduity and attention displayed by tho members of bis classes was remarkable, and showed tbat they possessed in an eminent degree tho ability and willingness to learn the blessed truths which it was sought to im- part to them. Thc fifth of tho wholo number would ho in his room at all hours, from five o'clock in tho morning until after ton o'clock at night, nnd bc did not even think it neces- sary to turn them out. Ono'of tho means which ho considered highly calculated to lend to success was to teach them habits of self respect as woll as of industry ; there must be no lino of demarcation observable between tho white and tho black man'. Ho never nsked thom to do what bo was not prepared to do himself. Ho breakfasted with thom at five in tho morning, and dined at half-past twelve; aud at certain times cleaned his boots and shoos, in order that thoy might not imagine that in his estimation they occupied an inferior position. He did not ask them to dino in tho hall while bo had his dinner in tho parlour, as that was not tbo proper way to got and maintain a hold of their lioarts. (Hoar, hear.) Ho had slept in a plnco on one of tho islauds whore to sloop in safety was thc great desideratum?comfort being out of tho ques- tion ; thoro woro there twenty-seven skulls on tho ridgo pole. Trusting oneself among thuin fearlessly was tho first oloment of suc- cess ; nnd to secure their confidence entirely they must bo treated with kindness and gene- rosity. Many failures were chronicled of nttompts mado to christianize tho natives, and whenever ho board of any ono particu- larly ho would ask plainly tho cause of failure. Wore tho natives treated precisely as tho poisons who had failed would treat their own English children? Tho probablo reply would bo in tho negative, and tho cause of failuro was apparent. Hu hoped ho had in his previous remarks Hindu it clear to tho meeting that a grunt difl-rcnco existed between tho islands in tho Eastern and those in tho Western Pacific. Tho climate of tho Eastern islands wns healthy, and although many dialects wero spoken they wero nil cognate to a common language. In tho Western Pacific the reverse was tho case, tho climate was unhealthy, and philologically speaking there was no compari- son whatever. Tho plan ho would adopt would bo to obtain from, say thirty islands, tho types of languages, and select ten spots, oach of which could bo regarded as a sort of centre, from wheoco scholars might proceed to all parts of tho Archipelgao. That schemo wns all very woll, but to carry it out ho would require ten clorgymon, and moans to support them. Tho right rovcrond gentleman went on to argue that tho Melanesians wero not nt all deficient in intellectual capacity, illustrat- ing his argument by referring to a nativolad named Edmund Barratta, who was a member of a class to which lie (the speaker) had given a Bible lesson, "That tho kingdom of licavon was liko unto a?." Ho had stopped short at that, and was absent from home for snmo timo. On his return he looked at tho manner in which tho lessons had boon dono, .iud was particularly struck with tho manner in which Barratta had tested, tho subject. Ho bad first of all asked how God could be a king beforo the creation of the world with no- thing outside?with nothing to govern. Tho lad lind solved it by assuming that thero was no past or future with God?overything to him wns present ? that, in fact, ho governed by anticipation. That boy had been only two years with him. Ho had rocoived Jotters' from many of them sinco bo had been away, and it was almost matter of surpriso' to him that, thoy exhi- bited so much intelligence as they did in tho stylo of writing, narrating ovents which had occurred sinco his absence in a remarkably clear and conciso manner. He (tho Bishop) bad taken a boy named Georgo Passifa from ono of tho islands, and went back with him somo months afterwards; but the boy ovinced no desiro whatever to stay at home, on tbo contrary ho was determined to return to Now Zealand. Ho could adduco many other ex- amples to provo that tbo Melanesians were not deficient in intellectual capacity or moral earnestness when they were treated proporly. They had a latent capacity for becoming all that Christians should be, and as such it was thc duty of overy earnest Christian to do all that was possible to reclaim them. Tho spoaker then went on to detail tho plan, tbo adoption of which ho believed to bo most successful in cducnting them?trying to find out what the teacher lind iu common with his pupil; and endeavoring to fix tho meaning of any peculiarly difficult word by finding tho sym- bol of a class of associations which could be oasily recognised and understood. Thero was nothing so dangorous to the missionary and tho nativos than to mako tho lattor accopt tho Divine messago brought them morely from love to tho missionary. Ho could not but reiterate his opinion that in many cases the failures which had occurred were tbo fault of tho missionary and not of tho heathen. Ho would appeal.to tho moo- ing, if they thought tho plans ho had dotailed to thom wero reasonable, to assist him as woll as thoy could. At all events let them do their host, try something, and not say that nothing could bo dono. Ono thing was very dcBirablo ; thnt they should have somo placo nearer than Now Zealand to convey sick peo- ple, ond thoso whom it was necessary to educate. He might mention that ho bad known Mr. Herbert, the Colonial Secretary, ot Eton mid Oxford, and had overy reason to boliove that that gentleman would assist in such a cause. Ho thought that s_ aero or two of land at Port Curtis to bo ! used as a sort of sanatorium would be of incalculable benefit, inasmuch ns a voyage ..from tho islands to Now Zonland occupied some six or seven weoks, while Port Curtis could bo roached in a wook. But for tho fact tbat Bishop Selwyn, of Now Zealand, had com- menced tho plan at prosont adopted there was a possibilitv that the spot on which no stood would have beon tho bead-quarters of tho mission. Howovor.bo hoped that a school would shortly ho established at Port Curtis. Noxt to tho aborigines in thoir own colony, tho heathen inhabitants of the islands woro mo3t ontitled to tho assistance and considera- tion of tho Christian peoplo of Queensland. Thospuakcr proceeded lodotail how aobiofof ono of ono of tho islands, ono of his own-_ friends, had boon shot by tho captain of a trading vessel, most ruthlessly, and concluded amid much applause by expressing bis willingness to answer any questions which might bo put to him with reforonco to tho mission. No quostion being asked, Tho Hon. Colonel O'Connell rose to pro pose a resolution which ho believed was nothing but a mattor of form, and ho much misinterpreted tbo fooling of tho meeting if it was not cordially accoptod. Thoy must all ramonihor?nllrovoro that Divine admoni- tion, " Go yo out to all nations, teaching and baptising in tho uamo of tho Father, tho Son, and thu Holy Ghost." Tho exertions of tho ri"ht rovorond prelate who had addressed thom were calculated not only ts Christianise tho islands, but to put an end.tp,the,great recklessness of human life whioh prevailed. The resolution he bad to move was ns fol- lows :? That tho thanks of this meeting be offered to tho RMitRcv. Bishop Patteson, for tho interest inrr account lie lins given of bis mission, nnd that a rouimlt.ee, composed of bis Honor tlio Chief Tustieo the Hon. Colonel O'Connell, tho Hon. the Colonial Secretary, and tho Rev. J. Bliss, bo np nointed to receive subscriptions in md of tho branch station in Queensland, with power to add to their number. The Hon. R. G. W. Herbert said ho had a peculiar pleasure in soconding tho resolution. In common with ull of them, ho could not but fool much gratified at tboabloand modest manner in which Bishop Patteson lind addressed tho meeting. Thoro could he fittlo doubt in any of their minds that an oxeollent man had been chosen to lead thc van in such an oxcollont cause. It was only usual whenever support was re- quired for nny particular object that ouo or two quostions should bo asked; In this in stanco tho question might bo asked, havo wo dono enough at homo. Tboy could all remem- ber what was said about eighteen hundred vears ago, " It is not meet to tako children's broad to cast it unto dogs," and tho answer which was received that "Dogs could eat what foll from their roaster's tablo." It was possible for thom to do quito onough for tho Church in Queensland, nnd yet bo ablo to mako provision in tho manner which had boon suggested. Tho hon gentleman then proceeded to refer to tho great ability pos- sessed by Bishop Patteson to perform the work ho had set his heart upon; nnd con- cluded by stating that tho question of amelio- rating tho condition of tho aborigines of Queensland had long beon a vexed ono from tho fact that thoro was a difficulty in know- ing how to comtnonco; but that it was quito probable tho oxpurionco of Bishop Patteson would enablo bim to suggest a wny of com- mencing, which would eventually lead to a satisfactory completion. Tho resolution was put mid passed. On tho motion of tho hon. T. deLaoy Mof- fatt, his Exoolloncy tho Governor left tlio chair, which was taken by his Honor tho Chief Justice A voto of thanks to his Excellency was proposed bj- Mr. Moffatt, seconded by Hishop Pattesos, and carried unanimously. His Excellency, after acknowledging tho voto of thanks, road a iettor from Bishop Tufnall, expressing his sympathy, willi tho object of tho mooting, and luis great rogrot that sickness prevented him from attending. Tho proceedings of tho mooting woro closed with prnyor. A collection was mado at tho door, and n considerable sum was realised. Bishop Patteson preached in tho evening at Wickham Terraco Church to a largo congre- gation. 