L ! . tu; i: x i<: u a l i xt !: lug kn-ck LMCTUli l-: -AT THE COURT HOUSE, YASS.' . In our issue- of tbo 1 7th instant ivu briefly noticed a lecture delivered at the Court House b.V Mr. G. E. Lynn, of Sydney. The subject of tbe lecture was, " Tho Lib; and Writings of Shaktpenrc." He now' lulhl our promise to publish a-lurther nolit'c of tho lecture : — It had boon said l»v a celebrated English orator that whon a lecturer is invited to choose his own subject In: is not unlikely to think more of ex hibiting his oWn powers than of elucidating his theme. lint on this occasion he (Mr. Lyon) had had his subject chosen for him, and so. liko Gil ithis, lie would linve to do the best he could. But still lie should have felt considerable diffidence in nrldrcs-ing so numerous an audience on such a subject without 'any preparation had -not the kind manner in which they had received him tended to reassure him in no ordinary degree. He re collected an anecdote of the Iter. 0. H. Spur- geon, which might, with a slight modification, be applied to bis own ease. On one occasion a gen tleman remarked to the popular preacher Hint he wondered at his speaking in such a confined schoolroom (in Cambridge) as tho one he was using. " Why," said Mr. Spnrgeon, " I would stand | on my head and preach if L thought I could do any good." So lie (Mr. Lyon) would cheerfully stand on his head (if he could) and lecture that evening il" lie thought by so doing lie could lie instrumental in doing good. But the subject which they had then to consider was one of the finest that ever engaged t "no attention of nil audi ence. It told of a genius soaring upwards from j the knowledge of time lo Ihe truths of iuinior- i tality; hounded by no clime, confined to no age, j winging itself to tho realms of an imagination ap pealing to the best sentiments and noblest emo tions of mankind. Such a genius tho fountain of all w isdom had scon lit to impart to William j Shakspoiire, from the depths of whoso powers pro- | ceedeil the noblest literary monument ever erect- j ed by a single mind ; il monument more lasting | than the enduring marble, because consisting of | words, embalmed in the hearts and memories of men by the grateful homage of many generations. William Shakspearo was born at Stratford on Avon on the 23rd April, ISO I. It would be known to his (Mr. Lyon's) hearers' that only a few months since the poet's admirers in the oid noun- j try had been celebrating his Tercentary. But lie ; (Mr. Lyon) regretted that, notwitstanrling the elite j of rank, science, and literature had been formed! for the purpose of doing honour to a man in whose heart no jealousy was permitted/ to enter, j were not equally disposed to lniry envy and other j uncliarilabioness, and England remained to this j day without a suitable memorial of tho " Bard ! of Avon,'' who. notwistandiug tho troublous age in j which he lived, the temptations of his profession. j and the vicissitudes through which he passed, ! could yet find " sermons in stones, I o iks in the' rotnrng brook, and good in everything." The age ; in which Shakspcare lived ivas remarkable for a ! perfect- constellation of genius, wliicli. in the words i of the greatest mode -n historians, tended to make j it a " greater era in ilc- history of the world' than j the aces of JVi-icles. Augustus, or Leo.'' Raleigh, ' writing amorous verses. - drawing similie.s from: all that is beautiful in hcimm or carl It. ilbiuiin- ing Ibe palo depths uf'knowleiliro with a Christian i heart, a sparkling wit, and a brilliant fancy. The ! chivalrous, tender, impas-ioned Sidney, 'hastily ! penning t lie " Arcadia " by tho dickering light of the midnight, oil. as if the palp horse' without a j rider ' already stood at the shadow o( his gable, I waiting and watching, motionless and relentless, j presaging the early death and soldier's grave of the j hero of Zutphen. BriinumnL ami Fletcher, en- j twining two glorious reputations in one brilliant j and immortal partnership. Spencer, string- ing together those o.lil. yet harmonious, I somen. ms, each period of ivhich only lei - - minutes one literary gem to commence anewAj and seal tor the jewels of genius throughout the i pages oi his Faerie Qneene. I ley wood throwing I oll'-sru.ie of his 220 dramas with a fertility of inia? j g'imitloti unequalled by the '.authors of H'averlev. Monte Christo, and the Jaeqnarie. lie (Mr. Lyon) roulil point them to many others, luit why continue the list r .Should he speak 'of .Johnson, Driivton, Fairfax, Marlow, Middlcton, Coke. Jlooker. Newton. North, \\\ e lister, and n host- of others — men whom Fame had eternised in her temple niches, and who. iiko Wren, built tlieir own monument. .Like him they hid the stranger look around, not, indeed, on an architectural monument of their genius, but amidst, the glories of science, tho treasures of thought, and the heirlooms .of .genius, which, like brilliant, stars, stud so thickly our mental horizon. Progenitors of. the most glorious literature in the world, wecders of- tho harsh sounds and rough words of original Saxon into tho plain and noble English language, their reputations have stood tho test of time, an I descended to us fi-bin long lines r f criticising ancestors only to revive anew, the laud- atory strains which even now echo through the realms of knowledge, and with the trumpet sound of earnest unanimity bid. the 'wavering inindkeip on. surpass, and honour them. The lecturer tlion. proceeded to review the earlv personal history of Shakspcare, which is involved in the greatest obscurity. Ilis works had been diligently searched for some trace of : tho author's occupation, and some of the inferences drawn from this source are' ludicrous enough/ Hamlet uses the word " quietus" ergo says a learned-French critic (Guizot) " Shak spcare was a scrivener." "If he killed a calf," said the oldest inhabitant of Stratford to toddling old Aubrey, 'he would do it in line stylo, nntl! make a speech on it." Ergo, says Aubrey,' ' Shak- speare was a bntcher." In whatever way the poet- was employed, one fact is certain : He must nave received a liberal education. Ilisfathcr. tho wool- stnpler or glover, was nt one time chief magistrate of Stratford, and no doubt nil'orded bis son an education consistent with his position. When pecuniary difficulties involved, John Shakspcare, there is no doubt that tho poet for some time filled menial situations. It is to 'lie regretted that Shakspeare's c-arly life was di- fignretl by a riotous disposition. At Stratford and a neighbouring town some fnw miles off had commenced one of the most extraordinary contests on record. We have our ri He matches and cricket clubs, but they bad thoir drinking bouts. Ten men. called either "Topers" or " Bibbers," wore selected to drink for/the honor of their respective towns, and the ten who imbibed the largest quantity in the shortest time, main taining an appenrance of 'rationality, were hailed victors. Shakspcare -was one of Stratford's' Topers." We also knrtw that.nt an early age ho was arrested for stealing deer in the park of Sir Thomas Lucy. IJo was slightly punished, and some authors have averred this as tho reason for his going to London. The poet, however, amply revenged himself upon Sir Thomas Lucy in the " Merry Wives of Windsor." where he takes parti cular pains to ascribe the armorial hearings of the Lucy family to Mr. Justice Shallow. In 1530 the poet removed to London, where he had a townsman and relative named Green then RCting at the Globe Theatre, at which establishment it is said our hero obtained employment as call-boy, supplementing "his small salary by holding tho horses of gallants visiting the theatre. This the lecturer thought ft mistnke, as within three yearB of his arrival in London he had written " Venn and Adonis." de dicated to t.he Earl of Southampton, and became part proprietor of the Globe Theatre. Ho some times acted, and in his own plays performed the parts of the clowns and ghosts. Although, it is said, far inferior in Jalent to hie contemporaries, Tarloton, Btirbidge, and Green, wo can imagine that the author of " Hamlet." must havo lieon enabled to depict the nrinour cased and buried majesty of Denmark with far more force and solem nity than that usually accorded to the character by the miserable stage-struck heroes of the drama who now bo often murder the pai-t. The form of the theatres of the period was somewhat pecu liar. Tho "Globe" was of an octnngii'ar shape open at the top. The nit was strewn with rushes, and the g.-oundlings. as its frequenters were term ed, smoked, cracked nuts, nnd drank beer inces santly, The gallants sat uu tliu stage, and gen- erally paid Cd. for their chairs. Watches it ad jus' been introduced, and it. was considered a' point o" fashion to be scon wind'iig them up in the theatre, or at St. Paul's, during tho afternoon promenade. Tho catgut springs, however, sohielimes caught cold in November nnd December, and were, con sequently. seldom correct. 'The scenic efforts were poor and ill-munuged, but Shakspcare, whose dis position naturally inclined to display, added much to the stage wardrobe nnd scenery. It was said of him that, on one occasion when his. thentrc was burnt down, u friend condoling with him on the loss of his properly. Shakspearo exclaimed, " I wouldn't so much mind the theatre, hut there's the temple of Venus, the chariot of Fame, the world, and the moon, which I can never replace." The drop scene was composed of a worsted curtain, suspended on rods, and drawn back on cither side. The scene of the play was depicted on the back of (lie stage, nnd in order that- the audience might make no mistake, the name of the place It was intended to represent was painted under it. Thus, Troy being no longer wiintcd, another town being required, it was only necessary' to strike out the naino " Troy," and substitute tiie word' " Venice," few of the audience being capable of distinguish ing the dilfernncc. Boys invariably perfrrmcrl the female parts, and ladies never visited the theatres. Dramatic representations were fre quent in private families, nnd plays Were often acted by the command of Queen- Elizabeth in the Chapel Royal. Tho lecturer added further inter esting details, respecting the mode of acting, &o.;, which caused considerable amusement, to his" audi ence, hut we regret that want of space prevents our giving morn than an outline. In 1532 the poet married Ann llathawnv, hut the disparity in their ages tended to make their married life "unvihin" but agreeable. Some passages in his works proved this, fur ho (Mr. Lynn) did not think it possible for any man to depict so vividly the weaknesses of the fair sex without having had actual, and in some instances unpleasant, experionco.of his facts. Me (Mr. Lyon) had been teiqptcd to form a harsh opinion of Mrs. Dauglas Jerrold, from the inimit able style of thwskqiJIe Lectures, especially the lecture about tho'Old Umbrella," which seemed so truthfully, nnd even dolefully, written- that Mr. Jerrold must have been tho hero himself. Who was tho fair lecturer-' After somo further re marks, the lecturer proceeded to review Shakspcare as a writer. There could be no doubt that his writings we.ro of tho greatest service to the his torian, in throwing a light upon tho inner life of England during the .1 Ota century, History sel dom condescends to do this. Wo read of the siege of Troy in ancient history, but' it is from Homer wo learn the characters and actions of those who took it. We are told of \Vicklilfu,nnd tho ago in which lie lived, but it is from the pagns of brave old Chaucer that wo learn how the parish priests, Franklins, squires, nnd yeomen of the Mill cen tury lived and noted. So it is often neccssttrv for the student to turn from the pages of -history to wander, hand in hand, with Shakspcnrn, Johijson, and others of their stamp, along tho highways of old London, with its then pure and limpid river, spanned hut by one bridge, its busy crowd of courtiers, gallants, nl- chcmists. players, apprentices, burghers, and ad venturers, in order that by so doing he mav bo enabled to find out how the men and women of the sixteenth cenluvy dressed, talked, and amused themselves — how they cried and laughed, joked and gossiped, wooed and wore wooed, praised and censured"." just as they do now, though under differ ent circumstances and widely different auspices. Shakspeare is full of illustrations of the inner life of the sixteenth century. In fact, nearly all his plays teem with allusions to passing and local oc curences. King John is full of defiances to Ihe Armada. In tho third net of that splendid play wiil also lie found, in the king's speech lo Hubert, the popular opinion relative to- the queen's treat ment of Davidson. Here tho lecturer read the speech, " It is tho curse of kings to he attended by slaves," ite. Shakspearo did for his day what Charles Dickens is doing for ours. He engrossed living characters, all types of classes, on his pages, .where hitherto had existed merely tho creations of imagination. The men lie wrote of ho had known. Shylock, turned scrivcnor, lived in Beer-lane ; Dog berry and Verges learnedly discoursed with Port- iiig-touian correctness before some village Justice .Shallow j Tranio, Gobbo, nnd Fahyan might lie found gossiping in every servant's hall. In the nearest churchyard lie could hoar the gnivediggcr (used by long servitude to their melancholy voca tion) callously singing as tlioy turned up the skull, it might be of the baron or it might bo of the baron's jester. Shakspeare had often drunk to the health of minc'rubicund host and hostess in East- cheap before Sir John Falstaff and Pym ; dame Quickly and Bardolph rose upon tho retina of his imagination just as Diclcens hns been to Do-the- boys Hall nnd seen tlio huge pot from which tho nniinblo. mother of Wackford Squeers both fed and physicked the gaunt young hopefuls who o'crran the' paths of Smike's progress— just as Thackeray had often met with Becky Sharpes nnd Rawdoii Urawly— just as dreamy Wilkic Collins has pon dered over woman's endurance and man's perse verance' until 'Marian 'Halcomhe and Waller Ilnrt- right'mcthim in tho actual walks of life and proved how truly ' noble were both. All are fictitious characters, it is true, but all are types of a class, b ushing off their.angles against the most comnion- p'aco oven's of everyday life. Shakspeare possess ed, moreover, considerable knowledge of human nature. The crimes, passions, and sentiments of mankind— love, hate, jealousy, revenge, pity, char ity—all arc placed before us in striking and per fect contrast. Nor hns time altered the aptness of ids illustrations. He wrote for all ages nnd all tiino. Tho moral lessons ho inculcated havo done an amount of good never to be estimated. ile proves how swiftly and how surely punishment follows on tho heels .of vice— how virtue obtains its just reward, if not on earth then in heaven, and how enviable are feelings consequent upon good actions as contrasted ; with -'tho conscienco-strikcn pangs of the murderer." How ncute arc the suffer- ings"of Macbeth, how sweet the contemplations of the exiled duke in 'j As you like It." Virtuous feelings are ever depicted in his finest passages. The patriotism of Henry V. hero the lecturer rend the speech commencing. "If wo aromnrked to die, we are enough to do our country loss," &e.; The benevolence of Antonio, the friendship ot Anthony, tho wisdom and virtue of Portias-all nro illuslra-- lions worthy of remark. . Mr. Lyon then reviewed the character of Shakspcare, illustrating his" ear nestness. cheerfulness, and other qualities by softie amusing anecdotes. It is a remarkable faej, thnt Shnkspenrn's gigantic mind was disfigured by super, - stition. Ho often.dcals with" supernatural agonj/K's in his writings — speaks with bated breath of plan etary influences, believed in alchemy and omens". The'lecturer concluded his address, which lasted an hour and a half, by a. powerful eulogium btv Shakspeare's mighty genius. There were .t'wp hooks in the English literature which werie to.be. met with throughout tho length and breadth of the world — Shakspeare and Bunyan's Pilgrim's Pro gress. Translated into all languages they have for over two centuries been the dolight of our youth and tho solace of our, ago. Seven biographers havo attempted to do justice to Bunyan's genius— thirty have not sufficed to make Shakspeare sufficiently appreciated.- The. genius which could so easily grasp arid retain opinions." equally adapted to all ages and all nations, which could form so potent an agency for good., which could add so materially to the glory of the literature it so lavishly enrich ed, cannot be easily described in terms sufficiently reverential. But, in our humble way, we can ad mire, and contemplate with a kind of awe, the well- nigh inspired eloquenco with, which ho gavo body to his thought'. How powerful was the genius which formed for Bunyan tho home in Bedford gaol. "They had me' homo to'prison,'' said the grand old man, tinker though ho was. Homo to prison, and wherefore not? If hoinc he the'plnce .where Invo and joy reigneth— if home be the spot where hope and constancy ondurcth — if home be the hallowed circle round which woman's rare en durance iind man's untiring energy entwine them selves in a union of all that is bright nnd beautiful iu our natnros— then was home to be found in Bed- rt ford gnol. ' " except these bonds." Soft visions floated round him tlicro, nnd ho drcnmt'nnd penned the glorious allegory there. So with Shakspearo. It was not sufficient to surround him with melan choly private circumstances, his unhappy marriage, -.his father's losses, the death of his children. His mind still worked on. till mounting upwards it rose from tho thoughts of earthly trials and busied it self in rca'ms sacred to its service. Mr. Lyon con cluded by expressing a hope that Shakspo.nre might ever ho universally rea.t, for by its moral tenching it would tend to increase amongst us the blessings of religion, without which no nation can ever be come lastingly great, and without which all the efforts of legislation aro vnfn to promote the best interests of any people. ' (Tho lecturer resumed his seat amidst loud applause.)' On the molion of tlio Rev. F. A. 0. Lillingston. seconded by Mr. G. R. M. Styles, tho thanks of the nudience were accorded to Mr. Lyon. 