. CHATTER li Mei TATOUKT'S hoTJBB-WEB bannted ! - . iYpu don't believe it Î Of eonrfe jon don t, .dpar reader ; and nh»î Becaafe jour ideas of ghosts are always associated ivitb rare old minslons in greatcoats of ivy. through which the sloîpy-.looking eyes of Windows look drowsily down on the grassy.court-yards beneath. You can't réalité' a ghost aitiin^ dbwri'coiy and comfort- able in a warm well lighted, modern parlour ; but imagine that it must necessarily enter on tho scone of the story through a .pair of .ancient iron galo», on whose rHaty bars the shrieking blast playsa weird "melody, as the shadowy visitant flits by. . Moreover, itrnns,i be a dqU ill-humoured, teeth.chatter- ing sort of a, night, accompanied with a alight sensation of snow ned hail, .to fill in the ruoture, jost aa a score or two of obubby urchins in abort maslin skirts aro stuck here there, and everywhere, as a finishing touch to the olosing scene of a pantomime./ > . -, Now, bepauaa this descriptisn, of weather bas always been considered " Beawnabla ' for ghosts, and as this is Christmas weather in Great - Bri am - (where, probably, yon were "railed''}, ond'as;«Hosta_kaveformed'part«ni parcel of Christmas stories from time immemorial, yon won't, believe that such a' things a haunted bouie *° can be con- nected'with the glorious sunny-fitoed Christmas.time of "Australia f-------..'? .; ;o Very well then,'dear reader,, please yoarsslf. I Seldom ' quarrel with a man (nco r with .a lady ! j-for. entertaining opiniona contrary to nv own ; but if you will traca this, sketch' fairly to the end,; perha,pj you will'fAtn beliefe"in Australian .ghosts 'as much asido.. , : . , ; i,. JL Mr. Tatbury's bouse waa haunted. - ' j, . . j "Bat- who''»-M^-Tatburf4í!-yoa.inquire^jatJier..tartly¡ Why; ' iat'< jflst what I'm'going lo tell you I /Of'.coarse I shall be^' a AV the,beginning, fur there's nothing like hav- ing a fair start ; and if iwe-;commence .unravelling a yarn at both ends we are' sure to get it entangled before : reaching the mi Idle ¡ so, having! sosa the gas,-.turned np,' the pei formara groaned in their proper, places, and the super numaries all-ready with the red fire for thoJÍ/Jctü», thé bs'l is rang by the prompter, : and .the : ? green curtain". of!8Gi rises on vhe Now Christmas Slory:of " Uncle Talbory's Ghost.'': o .3 I Tatbury Hall, as tba residence of Jjsh'Ui'Tatbury, Esq ', was designated,' wa* ~ (to" OBS- the words of the'odrertiie "rhent Which induced its present proprietor to become á purchaser), ' "situated in tho delightful suburb' o Paddington." .' " ' . ' ' .'?':i \\- f. Jtwas a'etruotara of, imposing appearance, though its exterior' adornments Were' rather of a novel than plclârëlqrre'oharao'er ¡"but this must be attributed to Mr. Tatburr,! whó; on ' purchasing- the. building . not only bestired his own hame upon it; but added such various " improvemonts " that ita. original' arpbiteot would never have recognised .his own offspring. i ¡The fonce..encircling the entire premires, .was painted.of a vivid green ; bat the frontage palings had acquired a. tint noarer akin to-the red dnity roadfstretchea.out . before toèmV: ú '. " . The portion of ground ca1 led by eonrtety the front gar' don.üras laid out in trim fiower-Jjtdá, of erery imaginable ahapsj and a blighted-Iookiog creeper franticly essayed to olamber up the trellis'ed verandah, bat being too weak tb [ aobievh its "object; contented itself with waving Its half matured buds in the glaring sunshine, sparkling on the drawing-room windows..ir c ...,'?> No doubt the garden bada deal of eare bestowed spin it, -bntmfterthe-msnner-of road-side-gardens in- general it r/éver prospered ; - tho ' red roses'' had no-o aim' to their; title, theyfoot/M come out of a siokly briak-datf hue, .instead of wearing the bloemy?>'aih whlchhealtby ipses ought to weir ; in fact, it was ooly after a thorough drenching rain,-that "any éf"the"tjeéS"wore;notrpf-aTí^-invisirte green:" " ; " ; Then tho oater gate had a b'oid'poliehed'braia handle,' and the Darrow walks were'covered with á shelly) substance that crunphed under your feet,jand suggetted ling rambles byithe pleasant dreamy ocean. There wai. sT formidable koockere£b"aj'on tb'e'dbor fad ircn ring in alloy's mooth), looking sb fîeràq that it indatói^oú to pall a fleceitf'it bell instead, »Bioh refwd¿ven'^tinkle twirl you gar, I lt aa extrajerk when it'woulJ' rattle ¡ts tongue as if tr jg to alarm all,'tto,'hoù»ébojd,''"bringing the hoasemai mal great hurry"(o,ni rio' pIéi8ant~hurrma*)K to, answiH /the ] gammons, i"'-t" *'-; "'", 1 ' 3 ' ; -!j'?. t>. Iben 00811110;. io tita rear ct the buildiug-thore-WKa , dreary wilderness of an endosare called tho^-back gaf'jSu " ! whioh posseiB'da well and a pump and wbicb sírtS¡¿J a consumptive oabbsge,about onco itu ; everj.three -mf $Jhi -tl a tis when they were in .-season, and the aphh (ho't eat them ; moraoter.the plot wasalmoat aarrounded bNube straggling foliage of the " buJloa.'J wbioh tossed its Mfeay ¡ seeated.flotrers in/the air,..while »¡long gravel* waa! Ped iowa to the extreme end, where ai 'i«ammer.hou»!'oi< boat | wintry aspect w»s situated. ... I. ,.¡v,,i., ¡\,. "VI, j' ßetracing our Steps tb the marmon itself, and goiBgni at the bas-k. door,,we pass along tho) passage, and.iturnllir to tbe'lefti eiterihe d ning room of ïàtburyïïall.H F . _It haï been a warm sultry day. (for Ternera ber, reade c, it only wantsthrea days to Christmas,- tbU^veniugHsn^sieh my story commences), but now the eua has gone do »n, and the southern breeze oomes in cool gasta, be iring on its wings a grateful salty savour from Botany Boy. , I :''Certainly thev room , wears a comfortable look, as the light of tho table lamp flickers on the sparkling tea service, and falls on tha faoe* grouped around it._]_ .-' Atthe'bead of the table aita Unole Tatbury, whose chief characteristics,appear to be a limited supply of straight grey hair, a. medium quantity of face, very red and very oily (suggestive of a newly boiled lobster in a fiehmoager'a window), and a superabundance of white waiatocàt. Be had a severe and' defiant way of .propounding qaes lions toTou-queetions- whioh he-never oipecled you to answer ; in fact jour inability to Eolve. hiiinqniriss.alwajs raised yoa in his estimation; and produced aramble''of satis, faction from behind the ample .white wa/stcoat;. ' ...... . Hr; Tatbnry had .arrived ia the colony twenty-five .years ago^and one of his mos - marked peculiarities .was"that he never Jailed to inform friends and étrangers tbatfivepoace- ' ha'penny formed his ealire ''ooah bilanoo" on -arriving in PortJackeon rr v - Kow, if a man rises from wheeling a barrow to affluence, he is a min still, and may bs a worthy man ; bat,if he per- petually wheels his barrow retrospectively before .society te becomes asocial nuisance. .? -¡ So was it irita Mr. ïatbory. Hi« fiVepence-ba'penny bad borne bim golden fruit and be loved to talk of it continu- ally; but (93 con radiotory.ia-humar» natura) if anyone, even ia tho bosom of his family, hinted at bygone days of povertyyMr. Tatbury'ared faoo grow as,stormy as an-angry sunset, and tho white waiscoat produced any . but jovial sonnds. i . i ,. , J Summing np bis character In a few- words, Mr. Tatbury was a " highly respectable msn ;" at least.81 the world said, judging from these reasons he . always went to church once W Sundays', (wben it didn't rain) Dover put less than half-a-orown into the plate when lie-did go and kept-his own cart ¡ace. ? ; '?> , Mrs. Tatbury was 'rather portly, and what people gene- rally term ' a fine woman f but at the first glance her dress betrayed a want of taste that almost led her to I indulge" in the ridioulons.' 'Mts T. 'fo'lo »ed the fashions," and fe'l into the popular1 error, that the costumo which sailed a dashing belle of eighteen, would likewise "¿ecprne'' a matron on theabady aide of five and forty.. TJodir.. this delusive, tint not tba less pleasing, ides, she followed her own tastos, and Battered herself that she looked as young as lier daughter. ' - ' uri. But if Mrs. Tatbury had an' overmnoh lore for dress and fashion, she had little to Bpsre for poor relations-a olesa whom she regarded with a most cordial detestation ; in foot she would havo parted with-ay I with ono fashionable rilóme from' her last new bonnet, rather'than, beitoir one kind «oíd on a relative so wioked as t>> be poorv - i Uer hnaband shared thia dislike with her in a -great, de'' groe. .Certainty if á Door man'applied to bim'tor relief, and could prove that he 'was' d' worthy ' objeot of chsrity, that his wile aas sick and hia ohUdrea hungry, the'u'Mr. Tatbury .had no objeo ion io. give bim fivepcnce-ha*. penny, anda lectura, to the offebt, that out of that identical Bum be Ur. T.) mids bis fortuno,. ,and advised the' applii cant for relief to go arid do tho samo. '--' _ : \- -Indeed, the.only. material difference In the tastes of wife and husband consisted in'.- her devoting, half ? her time tri spending the.money, in pursuit of which the major .por. hon of the day found him engaged j 'but. as- Ion; as Mr. Tethury paid the draper's bills without grumbling alt weat .'\merry as a marriage bell." : ? ?. . ', , . j Their onlydaughter, Angelina, .WOB a taÍ],:woU>fórmea girl, rather palo featured, but posscss'ed'of sufficient beauty to claim tho title of .good- looking. Her ejes were very dark and brilliant émîther . month -amallaad " well âhapedi but ibero waa a sharpness ia ber glance, and a scornful curl orí her lip, that tumlo j'ou feel anything but comfortable in herpresenoe.. _*; '. ; ,..^' ". '1 ; '- - «". ;" : \- A striking contrast did ,aho present ti tho. cousin' who sat beside ber. and upon, whom'devolvod tho task of presid- ing at tho toa table. . , ft . . \- Nothing remarkable waa..there in the little fa:o; of Agnea; Mr. Tatbuty's Bieoe-rbnt oh l; what, a, world of pure untelBth lore, the very irfdex' of tbe noooo ,and good* will within. Such à quiet, yet withal such' o'm'etry.'good bnmoured litt,!«^eing wos she with, her golden hair twlak. ling in the light, that she seemed 'sent, not for her. own ' ? ' ' \' . or! - ti j1'''' ' r>T, '??!>?' . . . '. '.'...? I happiness; but to ooo lituU the happineis of thoM around her. . Jonai Brooks, Mrs. Tatbnrj's father, wa» the «ely in- mate af the room in a-fdiiion to those I.have attempted *o describa Ha was a white-haired old man with a very recant expression of countenance but with a remarkably retentive memory - tho latter involving him in oontinual biokorings wi ii his aón-in- law. The servant had removed tho tea-things, but the party still retained their seats - so quiet-that-the-ornamental Frenub oloik on'the mantcl-pleco had notbitfg to do but to try and overpower the' hum of the mosquitos barling in and out ot tho »indowe.- -- Mr. Ta thu rv took op the dally paper. It wouldn't do. Evidently lio bad something to commúnioateá" 80 looking rounion tho family group he fniuired . Who do yon think Imetto-dayí' - f ' « ??? . ':'.) AB nobody appearedjto knowBuy thing abiut it,' Vr. Tatborr went on to explain that the j>ersob whom he had met that day was none other than a Mr. Frank Mayland, a name apparently familiar to all preseit» ., ... \ 'r', Tho eyeBof old Jonas twinkled asTif his 'memory was busy with something. Mrs. Tatbury and Angelina simul- taneously ejacnlated. ."Obi . indeed..»' '- and ' a sbre*d observer might have detected a mpmontary flush 'on the cheek of quiet littl« Àgnes." V''<:!.: :;",v ; " Yes," continued the mas'er ,of Tatburj Hall «*.tîioi yoaugEeapegraoe came down'to my office this .morning, and aotually'^ wasted twenty minutes'of my business time in! making me acquainted with his troubles-as ifrthey, inte-: rested me - -Itrappears that bil-father -was-stabbed, ori ' something ror another.iby the ^veneer of.bla 'station,,four years ¿go,'and that YarranUU pa>sed into the hands of thai mortgagees.. , What little uoney/ remained, this yoong Bosmp bas been amusing himse'.f with ; and now he hts the assurance to apply to me- for a situation, and even hints, something, aboucibeingin Igve with Agnes here ; all ou; the ; alrehgth of mr knowingVtsfát1ler"yeärs'ágb'!,',. . '': I "Oh-ah t-in ; toehold place, yes, yea '1'»'rexalairrjedj Jonas, looking round with* à*childish' expression of pleasure on bis face ", Ab. they Yay whén'péople get old they don t! I remomljer thingsso walli; o'o'ti bless', job, ^'remember his' father-Frank's father, 1 mean-when be useTtV ooma' courting ourLuoy more than twenty-two'y'ears ago i Why.* don't you reoolleat sim's years before that how he advanced' .the money to set np that little shop in"- Whitechapel (that' was beforo'we caroo ont herewyou know)'and how tho' affair didn't nay. and ' ?" ' '.' '.-''-.- -' . " There. ' there, father !. that'll .do," inyerropted Mra. Tatbùry'pettishly-'" yon alwiys will bring in some nansen slcal story about that ridiculous shop." " "- .. 1 ' : -'^ Ridioolouj !" cried tho old man, shaking his head mournfully.' '" Noi'nb, don't say ridiculous ! .1 love to ait and think: of old times-' and the dear old p'accs, at home - aametlmoi .ii seems but yesterday that we "quitted"'them ; and if, we did keep a shop, Ï often think we were a good deal merrier1" then than .weare now';'', and Mr. Jcjnas's face assumed-.quite a stubborn 'expresston'as' he repeated/ ..ÍHo,ño.-¿'ssyiaihopjsn'.¿iidiculons,.and there's nothing in poverty, t? w ashamed of,';- , , yv ? .-.'«.Añil say. theré'isl!' growled "Mr. Tatbury,"ashe threw the newspaper he had resumid td th's floor! . " You talk and talk, like the rest of them ; bat just'answer me thu - what business hare"people tb b's.poor?' Come' now."* . As this very defiant question seemed given as'rt deoided challenge 'thebid" min " looked helplessly around as if appealing fjr assutanoe, brit finding none Thé at' length .ventured to.suggest that.*' perhaps they couldn't.help it ! ' . Couldn't help'it 1 /Pshaw! I.lsay'tbey oin help if," snar'ed hi» fáther;in- laiw; "Nów look aMme, Jonas Brooks ; yoi} know whit'I'am ¿nd what I was. ' ' At ten 'years bf ago I was left without a parent-without a friend-to get my living, or to'go Without it! Well, "/struggled on, and at twenty five married your daughter" -Mr. Tatbnfy nbddoi at bis wife] and lcoked about as amiable as a half ÉasiBed hippopotamus. ' " Yon ' hinted just- now, ' Jonas TosVfl, nt Frank llayland's father rendering some trifling _ajsistan:e: - Well' let that pass. I jsame out to Australia, andwh'en'I landèd^at the Circu'ar Quay I was the"possessor of-fivepence-bapanny.- Think of that, sir ! Five-psnos-bV pen-ny I '-' acd. Mr. Tatbury- looked, so severely at"his unfortunate father ia-law, and si emphatically divided the miraculous sum, that Mr. Jonas flinched as if every syllable was a well-merited reproach. -'?.? L . J ; "Now, Tatty',1 dear''- Mrs. T had a peculiar facility for abbreviating hb" husband's name-as a rule she used to rbury the.final portion, and call bim 'Tat'-bot when high 'pressure . coaxing ' was 'required his affectionate sp luse habitually resolved hie name, into "Tatty-"Now, Tatty, dear ; we a'.l know about th it, bht don't - -" ~"r'0f course wé'all knów äb")üt'ie*,"Mr». Ti. 'wlth the ex- ception/perhaps/of. your father, here..'I wished to [freshen his 'memory respecting that pirtioslsr period You know what wc';were lor * few years after we landed here. Jonas Brooke?'1 . ..' . : . . '.».:.',.?..?.-.:?? .' Jona» inclined bia bead, and msrmured something about very poor." ' . < < : ' . 1 . ' . ' " Of course wa were !" oried Mr. Tatbnry, triumphantly, 'very, poor! ( NowMon't you think I could ; bato remained :BO, if iiad liked? Of conne l could-ba*. I didn't like-eo I,*orked myself np from.nothing-or rather from fivepence ha'penny," said Mr. Tatbnry, comoting bimjalf -" and so might.hundreds, if. they chose, bal they're an obstinate, mulish, pig-headed, t How isr his defamation against poverty would hare ex- tended I know not,'but it was suddenly Draughty to a close by a'little white hand placed on his.lips: '.'Don't ;be hard . with the poor, dear Uncle," said Agnes, throwing her. arms round his neck, and kissing bim. '. , " And why not pray ti. rejoined Miss Angelina, giving her head aMh a-tois-that hcr-ahinlng - ringleta_shook sgain. /. ; . "" I if ü ¿ . , ,. '"The poor is hated of hjs own neighbour, bnt the rich hath many friends . " answered Agnes quietly. '.'.She-s right-she-a rigittl" chuckled old Jonas, rubbing his handt.hriakly together, and rocking himself to and fro, " We weren't always as riches wejtrp now, ^ut we, never had so many friends before.'!_' i - > ' tThis)WB«,a faot whiçh even th? stubbornTMrt Tatbury could,not.cpptraver{, His.lji&s; expérience tanghfc him ¿hat friends flootuated with fortune, and that it"was" only when the marvel ons-" fivepence, .ha'penny." began - to multiply exceedingly, hat his acquaintances did Jikewito. . "I remember," contlnaed the old man, reflectively, ". a poor blind beggar, who warted about by O' little dog ; and I every morning he used to como'by our1 shop in Whiteoa-r-" ''Pishri'ahf^llxsiaoulit^'Mr.Tatbary. ' Agnes may ba righ^; .in fact, I know she Ja-for I'm. not such,a heathen ¡as t's,'disbelieve the J3»ok she quoted frçm,. bat.if jour, confounded.preaching Un't 'enough to make a miantte anything orariybody, I don't know what iai! .' '' ty \- "Novar mind, Tatty, dear," said his wife, in a consoling tono, aa if Bootbinjr a refractory urchin ; it's.of no eartjily uae talking to father. Besides, what is the use of worriïijïg .ourselves about yearn ago;îr. we're happy and oómfórWDÍe enough BOW, I'm sure. ' ; ,' V '_. , Bat Mr. Tatbary wasn't quite so certain about it. True, he owned-the-house ^aod.a very- w eil bebarvedr-reapeotable bouse it was, in many rospeots bat it sadly failed In one - it was haunted 1 A ghostly visitor defied its loot», and barr, perambulated "its passages, trespassed on the .verandahs, and flitted abbnt"the garden.beds.h ? Hr -Tatbury had tenanted: the house juras einsiderahle time, but had only discovered that it was haunted a; fort? night before my story oommènocs. ' Ha' said quite enough about it to a'orm his wife.'danghter, and servants ; in faot, Bridge^ the housemaid reported having seen the ghost on two. several occasions'; bat as the spectre in one instanao tamed out to be a shirt left on the clothes-line, arid in tho other, was proved (q bo tho reflection from a neighbouring window; her testimony was hot of much value. .' . As to.Mrs. Ta'.bury. if the present popular inquiry of "Haveyou seen the ghost " had been addre.sed to hsr, truth would have com felled a negative answer, but she had seen and heard quite enough to render her uneasy. . Ever since Mr^Tatbury'e revelations strange noises had been heard all over the boase ; the lights burnt in a moBt unooxuntable manner, and there viere pepetiial sorato'bings', ereakiogs, and Bcufllinga, where there never had been such sounds befor* 1 7 ; Doors elamm°d, and windows shook ; as to tho wind,'it morned most dismally.'ohokiagaway in the chimneys as if eaoh and all lad a death-rattle in their1 throats; while in the middle of the night Mrs Tatbury of toa fauoied she heard Jthot geculiar,sound whioh Ingoldsby de'sariboi as "that of * ..boffin a-walkinc uDStairsl*' * o -~~ . rt . , | : All this (and muoh more) oonvinoed Mrs'' T. that' there was something io her husband's. assertion that the - house was haunted; therefore sh o wat not surprised ' when Mr. I Tatbury shook his head mysteriously,', and remarked,' .' I .aitftmakeit out-it a vcr» odd, very "odd indeed I I alindo to the.--Mr.T. didn't like tho word ghcstVEO he looted more mysterious than ever, 'and nodded towards the door. J -, i'.Youre. quito sure joui saw" itt ' inquired his wife. t ! , - i'Am .l ture^Isee'you now, '.Mts. T,.' Interrogated Mr. T«t,bary. .Certainly'something rxiust hare been wrong with .the. visual organs of anyon o who. oouldu t .iee ' the' portly figure so completely monopolising, the ample'* arm ohsi-; ? " Bee it!-why, I've sean it.a dorón'times !- now gliding alcilg tho front verandah,, now Bitting in the ^book-garden, then melting away down towards the'.bay. V.I tell you 1 don't half, like it. and if 'IJiad only known the fonts of tho cate Tatbury HaU would uevor have got a coat of paint - or iii raioally agent, tho purchase money-out of my pocket." . . . . s ' ' : " Wall,, it; certainly ia very annoying;" coincided,Mrs Tatbury, "bat you maj/have made a mistake; you know, Tat'doar." . v; ' ,:. . . ' -?- .i-What mislakeiouW I make Mrs. T. ÎJVhat^ could my Imagination possibly shape into-Into' a -~." "Mr. Tatbury,looked round nervonsly. and tU9other Inmates of th s room glanced ' bohind^tholr reipcótire 'chairs, and then at each other-as if caoh^xpeotod to find a spectral' viaitor ; ir diing ia tho rear. '.,''.'"''?'. , . . -: ' ' ' . ¡ ' . 't '. .a Despite the warmth of the evening, there WM a olammyv gravt-like closeness to the air, and Hrs. 1>tbury got np and moved her chair farther from the door : s " Aa nobody leemed Inclined to answer Mr..TatburyV question as to'the possibility of bia'besag mistaken (Mr., Jonas m'ldly luggested " the pump." '. I " . 1 . . I * Moonshine!" growlrd his father-in-law. - . Mr. Jonas explained that that iras exactly what he meant .' ' Tho moonshine retting on the pump in the baotc-garden ¡"hadsuggested-a ghost-to the . heated fancy '?Moonshine Í-pump !-bah !"' retorted the owner of the -mansion. - t'-Perbaps it-was the~pump Lsaw walkiog.abonb in the .front verandah, eb? Perhaps ypo.ll suggest next that' ayr ' heated; fanoy' 'was'' caused bj' sn ,merin; bf bran ly, eh Î Yes; if I had seen a- ÍPUBIIof them yd'n might have thought sil Pump'!' Hambdg'i' . ?Mr- TatDury'a face, crew'fearfully-red, and his white wais'coat rosa and fell like the tide line when a steamer passes down the harbour.: He picked np the Empira, and tri«d to Bx his'attention on -the leading arlio'e, but the attompt waa a I miserable failure. .-The ghost not only, haunted Ms home, but evidently haunted bis mind, sobe) dropped the paper and oontiuued :' ".T oau't make ont what ! the confounded thing comes into my house for ! - and it r's ; my house as right as law-can mike,it..' Pvc'made every' inqu'ry. and can't Sad out that anybody's beeb drowned In the well, or buried,in Jbe garden. " There waa my old clerk,', Ja: ga, who was found dead one morning ' with au empty ' brandy bottle for a bedfellow-but hé had à cheque Tor his, salary theday- pre'viona"1- aid even if he hadn't, ha hat noj business coming out to.Paddington. : Then there was) Te^sby. - who-shot himsslf, and Skirapinson, who broke his neck '. while riding-well, Vail ,'our bills,; jin' their, favour wore taken op. vi don't believe the firm owes' either of them a farthing-, ond it we do, lat them haunt the, counting-hoate till the accoat.t'» settled and not oome out! here to worry me. , I ll tell you. what, Mrs.rT.'; c when a: 'mart, ' comes I to' Australia a ¡th : ü repence-ba penny, <in.- his] pooket, and ' after five.and.twenty; years" striving; gets a lift up and a homo:of . his.own,.it isn t at all < pleasant' to have one.'more in the family than you bargained tor."-'.- ¡ '. Ycu never weat up: to it,, to fae] it to touch it T''¡ vestured Jonas.- ...... . : . 7 , ,''.'. ..' *' '; |l "No L'did'nt. I'm nota coward altogether, : I can tell you; give me something or: somebody I can lay h ld of\ and I ll wager'he .won't : trespass on '.Tatbury ' Hall again.! .Bat.when iou .can't.iJay hold of it, what's the use of trying f ' With this logical dedaction.'.Mr.' Tilburys-note; the table : violent!/ ind added that he wouldn't mind giving tte "thing'* a hundred pounds'if:it would clear-out of Tatbury Hall, nni leive him in,undisturbed possession. - . '. " Then you'r«ally believe,'* said the'old mau, '' the house is -." . '.' . . ' ') Bangt want' the 'door of a room np stairs ä gast of wind rushed through the fan-light ; two or three hats fell down in the passage ; and: the tablo-lamp s fl<me garee convulsive leap, and:looked unmistakably , blue ! ? ? '?. Miss Angelica gave a, fain' scream ; Ur. Tatbury. glanced uneasily at the don t and afr. Jonas h;nted someV thing about "never being troubled with ghosts in White- chapel.'' Hrs. Tatbury advocated.'.'getting ready for the party at Mrs. Crevner s," adding that "that dear man, Ojptain Ohizelton," was to be one of", tho guests, and hint- ing at the admiration be had omore than .once expressed for "Angy "- as she fondly termed her daughter. At Mri. Tatbury a suggestion, .'Agnes preceded ber aunt and, conein to the dreisiog room, not however to prepare to ? accompany them, but tb assist at the toilette of the fascin- ating Angelina - ? - v An hoar .afterwards. the '? carriage: rolled 'away with its barden of pjta~ure-seekers ; while Agnes drew a work- -table from its recess, ¿nd was 'so.n busily employed with the needle. Mr. Jonas Drooka Bat ia aa old arm-chair,' whose aspect auggested nothing bub indolence and gazed sleepily out at the bright eipanie of moonlight, as if in its. flickering lights and shadows he could trace the well remembered ahop io Whitechapel, i Ir, wasa pleasant little picture;, jost snob a stray glimpse of home and ¡its .attraotioos that quiet people love to loik upon, II The grey, beaded old m sn, end; the fair-haired girl; he with fading irernory peering dowji the misty avenues of the Past ;-she, husy with, the happy Present, and tho no less pleasant Future J ' , Stitch! ctitoh! How nimbly.her Angers plied the needle !~~How7the gusty wind carno whistling ov¿r thal -common making the leaves rattle against the cas?ment OB it rnshed'round the corner of the'house; and-what a tremendous effort, it.made lo effect ah entrance when the' front door was " opened and tba family porty took their departure for Mrs Crevoer. s. . - < Would you like Gabriel to come and talk to you, grand- father?" 'inquired"A&nei; "(ahe always called; him "grand father)..' " Ay ! ay ! would I," assented the old man " He seems "to berthe only, onetrho'remembers anything about; old times and old places. 'Dring him in, Agnes, bring, him in.'- r'? ''' Agnes quitted the (oom. and shortly afterwards returned with au'índiridnal^ apparently, older than even .Jonas Brooks, who trehs>mej,htm right heartily, and rising from bis âra-ohdir'ahoïÊd'theinaWtOOlner into the seat with suoh. friendly.foree, that his breath took ita.flight os if it hadn't theîlightest intoDtión of.coming backagain. -*-Tbers sit you down there, Old Gabriel ."cried Mr. Jonas in ecstssy, wheeling a'chair so as to face his companion.! "That's right, old fellow:.' 'Ah !:thia is as it should be." A tremendous pall at the'refrío tory bell and the lound of Bridget clattering along the passage, io " answer the: '-door,'-caused Jonas to< give, a guilty start ; and the' alarm depicted on the countenances of both old men suggested that the introduction'of : Gabriel to j tho parlour tended j rather to make thingaas they -»7iouidn'< be¿.,- - - [? .''Bless ma !-eh'î -why'î'iexolàimed Mr'. Brooks in o I very ejacolative manner,."sorely thatúsn'tiMr, Tatbary como bask!-oh?" ,Y ¡ vl i "I thinkinot. ;grandfather,*,'. replied.the yoong lady,' as she'bent over ber work -,' and. whether from the refleo < tions of the lamp we know nat, the rosy tint seamed to. deepen on ber. cheek. . .. . , >. j ' . !' Is Mr.uTfttbary. within ?" inquired a voice, as the front door opened. . . ; '. . 1 ,T"'So^he"bain't ¡" waa the response of Bridget; who, -after the manner of servant ? girls in general,- paid little -atteri'ion-tó corrojtnoss of lunguige, and. whose'temper! was acidulated by the energetic moiement of the bslL - ' " Nor Mrs. TatBury .7 ' continued the voioe. , itiNershe bjda'f/üasirerei Bridget. ^ ' . :.' !. . ¡ " Dear me ! how very unfortunate ! -perhaps Miss Agnes is at librae ?.!..-> ?? :,'" ' * " ! Io at tue- to this .ioqairy Bridget coadesoended to say . tbat sbe " b'lieved sbe was, ', andgroping along tbe pass «ge, thrust a head ornamented with a shock, ot vary red bair, in! at the p'arlonr door, *!th the intimation that " a person at the door wished to see Miss Agnes '.' : "' ShowlhV gentleman"into.the"~foaWing-room;~Brldget,: and light the table- lamp'* - And BB Bridget departed on, her errand.~Agnes put away her work, bent her rosy cheeks' beaideMhe witbetedfaee'of old Jonas, and whimpered some- 1 thing Into his ear. t.' r.:..; j . Of ooaree !; mw girl'- of- coarse !.' he' replied « We'll harë a' talk about long, long* ago; while you're away;; Won't .we, Gabriel?'' Gabriel nodded. . . .. , ., i' ) . " You 'remember Hbo old shop, 'Gabriel - the plaoi in Whitechapel?' .'- | \- "Xor, MasterJonas, I should say so!1 Toa don't think,' surely, that sixteen thousand miles of salt water could wash; "away all réôollectîbn of horne from an old fellow's heart !,-' eh. Master'JonasI'' . ."'' " 1 , -Mr. Brooks protested''that he never dreamt of such a 'thing ; but leaving the old men in "uninterrupted conversa- tion let us f.l'ow- Agnes to the drawing-room. A gentleman rose from tko coach as she entered, advano ing to miet her, and addressing her'by the Blmple yet "endearing titlo,'; Agnes pr- ?.- .- ----- "' "Oh, Franki" she whispered, as he retained-her hand without the slightest apparent intention of releasing-it,' and drew her alosar, to him. " Oh Prank 1-1 feared that it was yon." . '¡ i' ; " Feared f Sorely Agnc*, now"that I hare oonquored my repúgnanos to cross this bated threshold, my visit ¡snot an unwelcome one 1" Unwelcome Not If an answer might be derived from the manner of Agnes, whose hoad nestled aS confidingly on the riowoSmer's' shoulder as if it had found , tts natural resting place at last. Indeed, the inquiry ^seamed'to .pain! !h'er^jdééply,-¿ for__tdrnlng her tearful' face appealingly,r to" bis, "she . wfsperéa,-"Dow "Frank, do' hot blame me'; you ¿noto how glad I am to BOO you, but my_ "Oriole-oh, 1 try to do everything for the -best- indeed -indeed I'do." ? . ,. . j ,: " Of course you do'darling ; I know you bare.enough-to bear in your present position. As to Mr: Tatbury - V. I . Don't blame^him, Fratik ; indeed, ho is often, very often,'k'nd to tah.- . He hat little peculiarities of temper, but really lié.is very well,11 when -you.get accustomed to bim.'»' -t.. -.'.i .<:?'.:.'. !.. : 1 :" j " No donbt," responded tho Vuilor, In a torie that implied much t'me and patience necessary in order to get > accus! tqmedto the little peculiarities of Mr. iTotbury's. temper) "I'm not going to blamo'hirá 'deare t, especially as you seem retainod for the defence ; but I was Just'going' to re» mark that if his behaviour st homo matches that in his olflca a tiger robbod of her cubs is nothing to him. Why but,nevor mind.- ,OfcoariO ha is st jil inexorable f ,v i . VI dare not", da'ro'hot, broach, the iubjeoij" Bhe replIoJ; 1 Eton whoa your ñamé is mentioned dooasionaliy,: I fear lest my agitation phóuld1 betray the interest I feel in you,' Wby should this bo f ' It is not' it cannot be; wrong to giro affection for-your honest lore j but still,, i dread these -meetings ; surely to cause saoh fear,'théy.must boorong ?'j° ..Wrong,.. Agnes f ' Replied , the geutloman addressed as. Frank-and wno was, in fitot nono other than tbe'i lentioal ''scapegrace' Frank Mayland mentioned \ by Mr._ Tatbury] ". ' I \- an .How on earth oould suoh an idea cause yo» any uneasiness t Now. Just dimly reason ont the malUrl In the first plaoe there can he nothing wron»; in giving »our nnole his own free choice. Ho knows from my own lips that I lovo you as a honest man $hiuld lore ; he koowa that opposition oannot move me, then it remains for him lo \- decido whether I shalt steal au interview here and the-e. as an outlaw, or woo and win yen as an honoured suitor. I If he will not allow rae to pursue tre one course I eau i onlrreaoit to tin other - Does aot this .seem reasonable t' I Kow, taking into consideration' that when love pleads with love, everything appeirs reasonable, ,we need not be %\ LalLiurprlsed that this line of argument proved no exception I te the mlo, in the present, case, and that Agnes conl*ned» ' she thought it very reasonable. . c; - .-."Do yen think-'dirlingy lit ls pleasant forme to te prowllpg round the house and, groundsuight after night as. ff I Werea thief T, .ïèt'thr^a have'I;.h»n^hgaged for the last three''weeks In'hopes ¿I getting a gliinp e of your gentle face, and how often1 have i been rewarded îtThla ls but the third tlrhel have haft an opport^nlt¡f of sneaking a. few words to yöuv ' 8ometirne's Ihavecrept; into, , the front', verandah- often -for.boura In tthe baokfirarden;.merely In, hopes of seeing your lovad sVadow on the blind-'arid all this,, remembers at the" rhk of- being"caaght and treated aaa , «Q^r.aaquainUmM.hasijolbcen thatqfdays,,er .weeks, dear Agnes. * xonr.mèmor^cw cáiwy jroót- tbouita^ijtck. ten.1 ay. twelve years'ago.'when.we were bat chi'drtn to- gether . T) jn't youremember, how/ourjdiildish'minds aiedi to travel far., far book, .and-rét could .'never.trsce ?thé-tinié . .when onrinfant companionship. begaft'I .At tbát time, my ?fatjièx'jwae; per- hapi the ino; fc, valoöl fi ièqd'yonr .únele:; hoi, ' hence our acquaintance.,' My mother, who. died whea I «ia fyetbutraa infant, I cannot Image.-' /-<??> : . .'' «'I oin well remember when ten yeara1 ago1 my father, entbujiastio in; bia idea^of countryj life, converted,his busi- ness into cash, and pnrchased a email station in tWMànerijo. 'district^ ""Aa vividly ss if the.pa'liug had been but .yester- day, j canpic^hrómybóyijK.fjeaíyjá^ ,of having í.yotv perhaps for ever;; toan remember your own_tears and' how you, a girl of,eleyen, snd I a boy of twe jr ari older, pledged ourselves.' never, neVer,;to fargot, each other.;' Of" conrse,""at the "time, no'lihg could''pacify me,,.'tut the< . novelty of ?the Journey .äcon"dFstrscted'my. attention, and, chj|dljke, royf¡rst greatrgrie£ passed''away"iwithj*. few ' showers of tëà'rs. " .r.A ..'.,.? . .» ts .. "., .'; , \- '«On reaohirg our new home, I foumd it very different from the ono in.Sydney, yeft uncooth aa it was in outward appearance, and ill arranged internally, the very novelty of its di.'oomforts was a grand thing lo a boy like me, and in a few months th ire wai hardly a nook within fire miles of Tarranilla that I bad not thoroughly-explored. " Continually in the bush; I-grew . almost ' as, wild and untutored as the animals; that lurked- in itsl: recesses; and it was while lying on the': verge of some m untain creek, listening to iii soft gushing melody miles and miles from any habitation,1 that my bijish laney for you, darling, grew into a deep, undying love-a' love that has serer swerrel nor iiacrred. " "'. Iriéid-hot thus detail every incid-nt of my youtfcfal life ?-suffice it, >1 waa not Buffered to dream on toronga-a. Uij existonoe. My father saw the necessity of education, and placed^ me.nndor the charge of the clergyman atatiooedat . the neighbouring township. "At that time C. was by no meanB averio to study, bat while nssdng my days happily enough there, things went dreadfully wrong. at Yarranilla. My. father was totally unused to the management of a station. Blackfellows stole or speared bis sheep-others'died from disease. Mosto! the stook fell a prey to an organised band of cattle stealers, andiu this extremity he secured the servie a of an indir'dnal named Mark Kingwood; to superintend the atstion. This man I never liked,'snd I believe he.hated ma thoroughly. He WAS my father s bane, and after his introduction things seemed to go on woree than ever. Ho was ia league with those who had commit!el depredations among onr cattle;be gradually drew my father into drinking .and gambling till eventually the property was burdened with a heavy morlg'gs ard one eveung about four years ago I was sum- moned o Yarranilla, to find my father stabbed to the heart lyifig dead-dead! "The superintendent, Ringwood, and a shepherd known, as L?Dg Jim, were missing, and the place had been completely rilled. The police were immediately in pursuit, bat returned after an unsucceEsfnl searoh-and from that day to thia I havo never aet.'eyes on Kingwood or his com« psnion-one of which I firm y be'.iava te have. been my fatberB murderer.. Nothing remained for me butto sell tho estaíó- pay ofl'the mortgage, and fry my fortune el;ewhere, ' Iorossedover to Victoria, and triitd most of its town- ship's, with various success, soraHiaros spending loone the little I bsd gained in the other. . My object has been to attain such a position that I might cose and claim the hand of my' first and only attachment with confidence. I am sorry to say that access's did not equal my expectation«,, and as a last resource I resolved' to take paBSige to Sjdnay, and. apply, fjr" employment or recommendation to Mr.. Tatbury on' whom-I foolishly thought I could" roly on account of bia being my. father's oldest friend, SaifT^ nnole. I bsd written to bim previously, and this moroig^. Interview completely . undeceived me. -1 loft his o&fy.; feeling insulted^ond degraded. * 'Isbw I have no ¿ne ta depend on-no one to love or to expect love from, save yoo. Lear Agnes, 1 shall be com- pelled to leave you and Sydney-bat you will not desert me, darling ;P c '<./'? The only answer to .this appeal was the single ward '' Never !" heard amp the fluttering sobs from the face np tnrned on bis bosom, while.the'-little hand' mechanically tightened ¡Uigraep of Ms own. "lash yon, dèarest.vbecauae,'I>bave aoeeated a situation in Auokl.nd, and les,ye by'one of the New;Zealand boils it daybreak OB Christmas morning. I .'shall try and see yon,"' he oontiaued, ba .Christmas. Bve ot all hasirds,,fo wish yon once more good-bye/*,')""."' ' ' ' And then Mr. Frank Mayland Beeined to dip the brushes of his imagination in the .glo wing colors of tho rainbow, and painted auch beautiful, piolares öh the wide-ein ras cf the:Fature, that. Agnès .didn't know 'whether to .give tie prelerepoe to smiles or'{esra, arid eventually divided it equally, with a's'trange feeling of being, very, very happy, and a Tagus, fear,of that happiness being too bright to last. " ?:?????<. ; ,. . At all events it was near midnight when Frank took his depártate whiehjie was obliged lo effect ingloriously through the; baoktgardep, on account of > Mr.-Tatbary'a carriage driving unexpectedlytop to the front door. , agnes bode him a harried farewell, and hastened b;ck to the bouse. .. . . .. As Mr. Tatbarv. entered/his mansion^ he exoliimed, iriampbantly, " There, now |- what do yoa say lo that V and not only,he; but also Mrs. Tatbury and Angelina, afil-med at the breakfast-table next morning, that they all rhad seen .the ghost .vanishing, over the oaok-gardeo fence.' . " ' x' 