LADIES' LETTERS. The real idea of a letter by no means comes by nature. To some it never comes at all. Even prac- tice, and the habit of sending missives by the post, does not bring it. We once saw a letter penned by a scullery-maid—a love letter, too—which illustrates our statement. She had been so far from mastering the epistolary theory as to inscribe her own name on the address, and to deposit her letter, when finished, in her own box, which she relied on for delivering its contents like any other letter-box. There it was found by the policeman who had been summoned to clear up a still more marked and inconvenient confusion in her mind between meum and tuum. As she wrote, she had not known whether she was writing to her lover or to herself. " Darling Tom " headed the sheet, but she talked to Sarsh Ann. And this, we say, is no uncommon state of things. A great many letters betray the same inextricable confusion of ideas, and make no account of the mind or interest of the receiver, or of what capacity may be even possible in any other person of entering into the writer's strain of thought or narra- tive. She is content with expressing what in a cer- tain degree interests or has interested herself-, her mind does not go on to the question whether it can, in the nature of things, concern her correspondent. AVo oro not speaking here of tho working of self conceit, which leads to similar mistakes in all the intercourse of life, but of confusion of ideas, Persons who arc quite reasonable in their conversation, andaré actuated by commonplace expectations ia their talk, fall into this error in letters ; and we havo used femi- nine pronouns because, though it may be found every- where, the most persistent and the most voluminous examples oi the unsympathetic style are, we believe, to be found in the letterB of women. Children, as a rule, begin in this way ; they cannot propel their thoughts into the miiids of the absent anti the distant. Boys at school do so from necessity ; they have to fill a sheet to mamma, and they have nothing but runs and innings to fill'it with, though in their hearts they subE cribo to the maxim that no woman ever did or con understand cricket. Serious men of sectarian %iews also pursue the same practice through mature years, as if in fulfilment of a vow never to write a letter on ordinary principles. Thoy fill a sheet with texts, and append to every text chapter and verse, though tho text is perfectly familiar to their .correspondent, and theydo not really expect a single reference to be verified. Such letters, howevnr. genuine, clever private correspondence is a rtvelation. Wo ore perhaps painfully impressed by the arrtunt of excitement wasted on what was not woithif; tho vehement likes and dislikes got up on merely temporary tvaueecent questions thestcufke of mutual acquaintance to a common cause-pertiaps i good or generous one, but ttken up with a heat and disregard of collateral lntirett* which belongs so often to zealous feminine benevolence, and which linds a freer (or at any rate a more lasting) ?ex pi et sion on pspcr It is on looking back on a social or family crisis that we leam with how tmall an amount of wisdom not only tho great but the little world is governed, though in this lesser sphere there mny have been only too much cleverness at woik But, after all, what letters and what manage- ment can ever really stand the test we aro keie piepoung > The agc of letter-writing begins earlier and lasts longer with women than with men. It is ama/uig what good letters girlB sometimes write -hey have a style peculiar to themsehes, in which every- thing ib n tort of quaint sham and pretence tho ixpenence, the wisdom, the sentiment, the hu- mour All is au imitation of something elbe-a tone that is caught from somewhere, an echo of society, but put together with a sweet aiTdacit), an innocent swagger of knowledge of the world and cf tho heart, and sn affected precocity, that are often perfectly en- gaging Wcknow nothing moro cheerful than one of thcBC fcffusions inspired by hope and bright prospects, redolent of spring, and insolent with the spirit of jouth and virgin liberty Our ideas of life gain a temporal} glow under the influence We would par- ticularly entreat j oung laeties possessing this delightful gift to keep it for their fuendB, and not to supposa that the eloquence du billet can be diverted into succe sful novel- writing A note to a confidante moy be quito a perfect composition in its way, the gravest enuc may read it with approval, wendering how it is done, how anjthing so graceful and piquante can be made out of such small material, and jet it may have no kindred whatever with the fancy and observation that go to a readable woik of fiction If every young woman docs not know this, it is often as much her friends' fault as her own The present sjstem of poBtage encourages too easy a stile Children are set to write letters from the cradle, nnd the result is often a strain of fluent phrases that does not de- mand the faintest effort of thought The pen goes quite of itself for three or four sentences togetner, without a pretence of communication with the brain, and when it docs pauee, the merest jog sets it off again, and soon to the end of the paper Ihis facility of sajwg things without tho trouble of infus mg self into them, or any characteristic of the writer is eometimes the inevitable consequence of drudgery and, as such, tobo excused Tew persons, howsve are above boasting of the number of letters they ci and do dispatch by a single post It is highly gra- cing to an active minded woman's sense of usefulrns and importance to count up the pile before hor, ut this fluencj is as likely as not a sign that her sty) i* conventional, nono of those do/en letters hat m them, probabl), anything of the ideal lette as distinct from the circular The activity o the prêtent sge in its tendency to division of Jbour is likely to manufacture a vast number of Jiper scnal letter-writers We hate seen it proposodo the daughters of a family that one Bister should wto to all the brothers at school, and that another>hould answer nil the inquiries about servants' chara crs, as if both were equally machine work, to bo gofrough w ith the lesBt wear and tear of thought and xpense of precious time The 3oung lady who ¿'patches the boys by this steam process may visit th poor in moro sjstematic fashion for tins economy o/thought, and may influence nor generation, but ve fore- see that 6he will not powerfully mflence her brothers "iet there must be a family clomcler m every circle, who ought to be excu«ed 1 she Koks freshness Who does not know these shcis of familj movements, which are little better thancihcr to the uninitiated-full of transitions from the '*ks to the Elms, from Mary gold-place to WoodHe Cottage, irom the Laburnums to the Lihcs, fromung's Court to Knights Pleasaunce' And what an bo more exasperating reading, if anjthing depena on follow- ing it'-especially if the receiver boan of no high sounding er poetical dwelling, but muB or his part be dtlined bj his number, like a convict ra policeman Then there is the journalist, who give tho history of events from daj to daj Ladies of ts turn got ire quently thanked for their " nice fort/letters ' Ajid here, in passing, ve wuuld offtr advi' to all persono who are often complimented with this form All men-and we cannot suppese such »Jifltrence in the sexes but we must add, some w omet-have a certain revulsion of fcthng on the fust sight f several closelj . written pages, unless, indeed th' ore cheered by experience, and then ihey forgot th'ength in grateful acknowledgments of another sort. Ladies' letters, as a rule, givo s hcerful busy view of life Indeed, most Bocial le era give an idea of greoter stir and vanety in the ex.tence t»iej picture than is strictly tiue. Visits, bumess, end engage- ments toko up all the space ia telling, and the long, barren, all intervals are passed over, and make ne impression But some women, bright enough in tilk and nnnner, choose m their letters to reprcent life as a cheeiless void, and their friends bb ncgleiful and inconsiderate In a former generation, the sam humour used to show itself in vague melincholy nndeproaches against fite The Btiictly sentimental lettr is ef a similar date, and we suspect has gone ot with the coming in of the uenny post. Tb moralizer, also, is whether from masculine or feminine pen, being in fact sermons, may be put out of Court. Letters with an incongruous mass of detail, set down with intelligent recollection of the person addressed-mere soliloquies or effusions engaged in apparently for the purpose of clearing the writer's own mind, or because the point cannot be arrived at till certain irrelevant formulas are gone through-arc generally, though cer- tainly not uniformly, indicted by the female pen. It is an extension of sympathy of which all are not capable, to be Bjmpathetio out of sight, and when full of personal affairs. Mon are probably oftener than women wanting in this finer Berne, but with them the defect Bhows itself either in blunt terse eilu6hnes8 when they do write, or in neglect and forgetfulness ; their indifference or dead ness to ihc render's habits of mind and possible interests íb not naturally garrulous. We have thought it well to make this reservation before granting to women that gift of letter-writing so universally accorded to them, and which is sup- posed to be owing to a more delicate adaptation of subject and style to the correspondent's mina and cir- cumstances than men are often capable of. Sympathy is unquestionably a feminine attribute. He is singular, and to be pitied, who cannot answer for this from his personal experience, ond it had need bo an especial requisite in the matter of letter-writing, because women's letters aro necessarily longer than men's. Where they amuse or delight us, it is by their closer insignt-by the life, the order, the meaning they see in little things-by narrative which exacts minute detail. All this demands time and space. Every woman who' writes well writes at length ; not always, indeed, for she adapts her Btyle to her subject, but she is neyer studiously terse. She allows her pen to flow ; íhe says what she has to say iu her own way. Now, it requires a fine perception to know to whom you can bo long and even diffuse without being tedious, and this perception sympathy alone con give. Women think it worth while to tell smaller things than men ; and it is worth while because they see further into them, and discover cha- racter and intention in actions which to men are purely accidental. There are women of such finely microscopic minds that the narrowest sphere and the mest seemingly uneventful life furnish to them a field iw i»>..,., _uu «uecrYtuion ey which we are large guiñéis at second- hand. Most letters are certainly better for something positive in the way of events or subject, nor is it wiso to exercite too continuously the power of making much out of what to others is no- thing, or it results actually in much ado about no- thing ; but certainly some of the best ladies* letters we have known have been written under circum- stances where others would have found nothing what- ever to say. We tee, then, that in one point women hava a natural advantage in the art of letter-writing ; they may write of things, and often the most obvious things, that men may not. Their natural subjects are of a more domestic character than men's can be, and even social or public matters are all treated from a private and personal point of view. We like this, though we could not, and indeed ought not, to imitate it. A man ought never so far to forget his citizenship as to fall habitually into the exclusively domestic vein. Ile ought to convey a consciousness of something beyond home life, or he will strike us as either selfish or trivial ; and this necessarily checks a good deal of detail which which would be very pleasant from some pens, but not from his. Glancing over the letters which have won for women their high acknow- ledged reputation in the department of manuscript literature, they owe so much of their attractiveness to , gossip, to their warm interest in the smaller commerce of life, to felicitous trifling, that what we beg in by calling one point we might end by calling the main point of their superiority where they are superior. Nor is this at all detracting from the merit of this ac- complishment. A good piece of gossip told with playful malice, or with warm, effusive, trusting senti- ment, is quite one of the plensantest gifts the pjBt can bring. Our spiiits are the better for it ; it is society at »econd-hand without the trouble ; it is the study of human nature made easy. Another advantage pos- sessed by women is that they can flatter with a good conscience. The same review of great authorities shows this. All tho- roughly satibfactory letters from the feminine pen have a touch of flattery in them, or what would he flattery but that partial" knowledge, blind feeling, and affection make it genuine. Madame de Sevigné íb always flattering her daughter. The ladies of the lost century-the Mrs. Corters and Miss Talbots extol one another in neatly-turned sentences. Miss Burney lays herself at the feet of her correspondents. We look for the most dulcet, gracious criticism from our cleverer and moro gifted female friends. They have the art of seeing the best, and can praise with a large, ungrudging expansiveness. We do not expect this from our masculine critics, from w horn we should hardly know how to take it ; but it is pleasant nevertheless, and constitutes another feature of that sympathy which we have recognised in ladies of graceful fluent pen. The great teat of excel- lence in this art is, of course, how a letter is received what effect it produces before the seal is broken. We cannot guess what it may be about ; the writer may live in scenes remote from our knowledge and per- sonal interests ; but we know, on Bight of her hand w nting, that she will either find some means of bring- ing us into close connection with her concerns, or that she will throw herself with warmth and intelligence into ours. It must be owned, however, that the gift of writing very entertaining letters is compatible with a very im- perfect sympathy, perhaps not as a natural defect, but one frequently present and uppermost at the time of writing. The temper and the personal habits that lead to letter-writing argue certain qualities and tend- encies. It is a mark of fidelity in friendship to keep up the practice month after month, and year after year, whero there is no family necessity for doing so, nor any call of mere interest; but we suspect this constancy is often marred by jealousy, and by a piemen ef s to unpleasant hints and fgrievances. A good many people are not ps amiable in their letters as in personal intercourse. We think it probable that the task of looking through a past correspondence between intimate friends will, in most caces, leave the impression of a less unbroken harmony than might have been looked for from the renown of their friendship. A printed corres- pondence, it is true, does not always, nor indeed often, prove this ; but published letters aie generally by women who have lived much in the world, and been concerned with public interests ; besides which, there is no knowing what the editor's work may have been in adapting them for publication. Again, the ardour which leads to effective letter writing often goes with a constitutional want of caution, so that the review of an old correspondence between two active-minded ladies may sometimes amaze ns by the imprudence it betrays ia the eoflUBOB ûflairs cf hie, Xxttj laiunatf, a thing of the* past. When letters cost a good deal it was supposed that thej- must have sb much weight of metter as tie writer could put into them. Trifling details werefelt to be unworthy of a long journey and n heavy potage. There is, in our daj-, a pervading disparBgerent of good advice, that almost influences the giver ¡f it. All our own associa- tions, at lenst with th¡B sty].1, are connected with large sneete, folded, -»-' ten else at both ends, perhaps crossed, and with "fe nddnes inscribed on the back. Nothing that lias bert Bttid of men, and their change ol habits in this rspect, can apply to women. The topics that have alwf/s formed the stople of their letters are Bull sacred ti privacy. Their time, as a rule, is ob much as eveiat their own disposal -, their allegiance to friends is itill (in the main) undisturbed by conflicting relations with the public. Considering the prodigious number of letters written by women, the immense and evergrowing power of the post, the still magical appeal of ibo unmistakable double-knock -considering that theijay, Oie serious, the descriptive', the didactic, the social coriespondenco of the world is in their hands, and til the management that grows out of it-with undiputed command of this engine, men aro ready to ask, what can woman poseibly want with a wider field of influence or more occupation for her time and energi«?-Saturday Review. Laxe-Villaoes,-Further accounts are given, in the -tararían Goutte, of the discovery of lake houBcs in Starnberr. Professor Wagner declares that the pile buildings date from the Bronze age ; not the Age of Bronze ofEyron, but the one which preceded the Celto-Gernmic Iron Age. The hypothesis of Professor Desor, that they belong to the Stone oge, has not been confirmed by the discovery of any arms or implements of firestone or serpentine, though a bone knife handle which has been found is stated to bs identical with the bone handles of firestone knives found in the Lake of NeufobiUol, and on the island itself, in laying the foundations of a building, a sptar-head of fire-stone was discovered. It would fhcreicre seem that two or three periods are represented bj the lake-houses of Starnberg. Similar discoveriss have been made in the Chiemsee, in the Lake of Scon, which lies a little to the north of the Chiemsee, and has an especial interest for English readers, as the opening scenes of " The Initials " are laid there, and in the Ammersee, which is fed by the stream of the Ammergau of the passion-plays. But in none of these lakes has there been bs yet any great haul of antiquities, though, perhaps, the Inter autumn months, when the water is lower and clearer, may be more favourable, The work of dredging goes on but Blowly, And much, time elapsed before many of the curiosities found in the Swiss lakes saw the light. Bones snd poteheidB, the " kitchen-stuff " of the old inbabiten'.B of the lake-houses, have generally been the first to appear ; in one lake, lsrge piles, evidently worked with, iron, and forming the remains of a bridge from tae mainland to an island, seemed to belong to the time of the Romans.-Athenäum. A Clergyman Impiusoned in iiib School.-A curious actitn was tried lately at Oxford, before Mr. Justice Shee. The plaintiff was a clergyman, the Rev. W. Bracknell, vicar of Eynsham, who seems to have been for some time at war with his parishioners. ' He had offended in various ways by trying to put down Sunday trading, and refusing, on one occasion, to read the burial service over an unbaptised girl. It appears that at an adjourned meeting of a vestry, a Mr. Goodwin wanted to obtain custody of the minute-book. This demand the vicar stoutly re- sisted ; in consequence of which Mr. Goodwin and his party shut the door; and Mr. Bricknell was de- tained a prisoner until after about an hour he was released by Some policemen, ' The action ended in a compromise, Mr. Goodwin making an apology, and ti>e y»« witbdrawtng the action. Almanacs. - "he Almanacs of ths ;8ta loners' Company werejpbliphed wubin a few days of L rd Mayoi's Day, t<> 9 **issue, tho masteand other magnates of the company used to go m ihr barge to Lambeth, to present copies of their almena1 to the Archbishop ot Canterbury. In Eisk ne's fuous speech in 1770, when Lord North brought a bill mo the House of Common» for re- isling in tho tationers' Company a monopoly which had been deched illegal by the Court of Common Pleas in 1775,16 adverted to " the rpiscopal re-vision" which former existed, when the Universities, oswell as the Stations' Company, wer« olone authorised to print ahnnnr3. "It is notorious," said the grea1 advocate, "tat the Umverntus sell their right to the ¡stationers' <>mpnnj for a hvod annual sum , and it is equally JtonouF, that the Stationers' Company make a EC'dnlous job of the bargain, and to in- crease the »'e of almanacs amongst the vulgar, puo lish unde 'he auspices of religion and leitmng the most s'selefs absurdities" His respect for the House, h said, prevented him from citing some tcntences:cm the one hundred and thirteenth of tho tere of Poor Itobin'a Almanac, pub- lished r-cUr the rt-viaion of the Archbiehop of Canrbury and the Bishop of London "The v/6' part of Rochester is ladies' reading, com- pared ilk them." The monopoly of 1779 was destroy!. But tho powerful company bought off the con'tntors who rote up from time to time They had bennie posies«cd in 1827 of an t-\clusue market forstaped Almanacs ; and, m the absence of all com- pétitif, the absurdities nnd the indecencies flourished as vigfously as when Erstcinc denounced them half n cen ry before. Ihe solemn farce was still enacted once year of laying these productions nt the feet of the Jimate, when ' episcopal revision" for State pur- pose w as as extinct as the Star Chamber. They were sullas Erskine described the ancient mockery to be "gfctified by the blessings of the bishops." I had len been conversant with the character of these pro duiene. Upon the day of their publication for"the yC 1828 I bought them all, and eagerly applied m«lf to discover if they had become more adapted tche improving m elligcnce of the age. Tiret, there va "Francis Mooro, physician," who had commenced jj career of imposture in 1G98. He then dated his lodactions "from the sign of Lilly's Head, in Crown curt, near Cupid's Bridge, in Lambeth parish," there ho advertised for sale "his famous familiar amily cathattrick and diuretic purging pills " Here the, " author also cures all sorts of agues at once ," nnd he adds, in the true spirit of his almanac, " this distemper often comes by supernatural means, which is the tesBOnit will not yield to natural means." In 1627, when the Almanac stamp was fifteen pence, the people of England, calling themselves enlightened, voluntarily taved themselves to pay an annual sum of fifteen thousand pounds to the Governmeut, for peittjie>6ion to read tho unchanged trash which first obtained currency and belief when every village hid it» witch and every churchyard its ghost-when nguea weio cuicd by charms, and stolen spoons dis- covered by incantation Surely it was full time that "Iiancis Moore, physician" should be boldly dealt with. No common assault would do. He would sur- vive ridicule, na "Partridge's Almanac" survived the wicked wit of Swift, although Bickcrstaff had killed the real almanac for a season, and frightened the seer from ever attempting to set it up again The Sta- tioners' Company were not to be so beaten , and they had the impudence to publish a " Partridge's Aima- nte. ' with a portrait of the discomfited astrologer, which he refused to acknowledge, obstinately persist- ing not to prophecy in the fleeh The company evoked the ghcBt of Partridge to do the needful work, and the Almanac for 1828 bore this motto-Etxam mor tuu» loquitur " Another astrological almanac, " Sea- son on Seasons," still exihted for 1828, modelled after the fashion of the palmy doys of Lilly and Gad bury. "Moore Improved," particularly adapted for faimers and country gentlemen, was hb impudent in his astrolcgy as his great ancestor. All the Alma- nacs of the Stationers' Company had their prophecies that on a particular doy of the coming year it would roln or shine-that there would be "good weather for the hay season in July, and m August fine harvest weather about the middle of the month " In Swift, s wonderful piece of solemn humour, the account of Partndge'B death, he makeB the old sinner confess his "impositions on tho people," and nay, "We have a common form for all iLose things, as to foretelling the weather, we never meddle with thnt, but leave it to the printer, who takes it out of any old almanac as heth>»ks fit." This, which looks like a mere joke m 1709, was eesy of proof in 1827, by comparing the Almanac of the reign of Charles II. with the Aima- nte of George II., and both with the Almanac of George IV. The only -variation in the weather pro- phecies was in "Poer Robin's Almanac" for 1828, when ho c'oeed his hundred and sixty etght y ear, a drivelling ldu t, still clinging to his old filth Could any render of this day imagine that in tho year when the London Univernty was opened and the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge waa beginning its work, he could find these lines at the head of the Calendar for January ? "If it don't snow 1 don't caro But if 1 freezes It may as It pleases And trim I Boer/cs, And m> nose blow " Armed with such materials, I immediately went to woik,to elaborate the scheme of a rationil and useful almanac. It w»b compltted in n few days, and I took it to my steady friend Matthew Hill. We went together to Westminster, to consult Mr. Broughum What an incalculable souice of satisfaction to a pro- jector, even of so apparently humble a work as an almanac, to find oman of ardent and capacious mind, quick to comprehend, flank to approve, not deeming a dilhcult undertaking imposBible, ready not only for counsel but for action. * It is now the middle of No- vember" laid the rornd genius of unprocrastinating labour-"can you have your almanac out befare the end cf the year r" ""Ws , with a little help m the scientific matters ' "Ihen tell Mr. Coates to call a meeting of the General Committee at my chambers, at half past eight to-morrow morning You shall baie help enough. There's Lubbock and Wrottesley i nd Daniel and Beaufort-you may have your choice of goctl men for your astronomy and meteorology, your tides and your eclip-e». Go to work and never lear." ïhc market-gardiners of Brompton were Ecaictly yet astir when I started to walk to Lincoln's Inn. Themoming was dismal, the road was solitary. When I reached the top of bloane-street, I was en- countered by a dense fog-so hea-vy that 1 remember ieeling my way by the iron railings in front of Apsley House, and to groping through Piccadilly. I began to despair of keeping the appointment which I deemed so important. But I persevered. That fog Beemed to me na a typo of the difficulties tnat I might have to encounter in this novel attempt, and in the realisation of other projects floating in my mind. In Mr. Brougham's chambers there was assembled a quorum of the committee. The energy of the chairman swept away every doubt. The work was committed to my charge. Tho »id which had been suggested to me was freely given. I remember the sarcastic exclamation of Erskine, when he was contending ogainBt tho re- establishment of the usurped monopoly of the Universities - "Is it imagined that our Almanacs are to come to us, in future, m the classical arrangement cf Oxford fraught with the mathematics and astronomy of Cum hnrlfip r" T( muht hr> so with one Almanac not "prn.ted with the correct type of the Stationers' Company." Our supporters would little care for the pretence, still kept up, that the responsibility of that company prevented the inconveniences that might arise to the public from mistakes in the matters thit Almanacs contained. A constant friend through many years, the hydrographer of the Admiralty, Captaiu Beaufort, found a gentleman in his office who quickly prepared the various astronomical tables. There were senior wranglew, "fraught with the mathematics and astronomy of Cambridge," whose nimes had been rapidly mentioned to me by Mr. Brougham, leady to look over the proofs. I arranged the business terms with the Finance Committee of the Society, upon the principle of paying a rent upon the numbers sold. "The Brituli Almanac" was pub- lished before the 1st of January. Late as it wai in the field, high as was its unavoidable price-half-a crown, to cover the heavy stamp duty, and allow a profit to the retailers-ten thousand were sold in a week. I had thus encouragement to propose a colla- teral scheme to the society. In their Annual Report, issued at the beginning of February, was this an- nouncement:-"A Companion to the Almanac is in the press, which will treat of many important branches of knowledge." The pair have travelled together for thiily-seven years under my direction through many changes of times and men-through many a social revolution, bloodless and beneficent- through a won deiful era of progress ia commerce, in literature, in science, in the arts-ia tho manifestations of the epproach of all ranks to that union of interest and feelings which is the most solid foundation of public happiness, and the best defence against the assaults from without. The general features of these publica- tions have undergone very little change during this long period. The two objects which have been always kept in view in the preparation of the " Companion" were set forth in 1838 :-<< 1st. That the subjects selected shall be generally useful, either for present , information _or future reference, 2n_ty. Thst .the knowledge tonveyed shall be given in the most con- densed snd explicit manner, so as to bo valuable to every class of readers " Let mo mention before I quit this subject of the high-priced almanacs of 1828, that the Stationen' Companj had long had ti strug gel »gan st more formidable competitors even than the Useful Knowledge Society The United Kingdom h overrun with «tisfam/iecf almanacs Mr Henry Majhow bears tcstimtny to this inevitable con- sequence of an enormous duty upon any article of luxury or necessity. A stn ct-seller of memorandum books tcld him that the almanac street trade " was a capital trade once before the du y was taken off capital ' Ihe duty was not in our way, so much as m the fhophcepeiB1, though they did a good deal in the sly in unstamped almanacs. Anv thing that way when Government's rfono has a ready s^le " * In 1833 I sent out a circular letter u ench of mj agents in tho great towns, for the purpose 01 ascertaining some facts relating to the Bale of un- stamped almanacs On their authority I was enabled to ttale, m a Report which led to tho totil repeal of the almanac duty, that, throughout the midland anl northern counties, end ah o in the south and west of England, unstamped alminacs, principally in the sheet form, but in some places stitched ns boons, nie hawked abuut the townB nnd villages, and openly as well as privately sold in Bhops In Scotland a muih lnrger sale ot unstamped almanacs known as Al erdcen or Belfast olmanacB, regularly took place Ihorc m tho book form, containing fioir twenty to twei tj four ptges, were sold at the price of a p°iiny, twopence, or threepence lhc "Belfist Annual Prog nosneator ' for 1829, j rice threepence, is now before me It contains a great variety of information , it has no astrology , nnd if its " droll stones" are somewhat dull, they aro not indecent. " Tho Paddy's Watch," a penny street almanac, hos weather predictions, but no prophecies of political events, and its only approach to quackery is a receipt to cure the «ramp Clearly the low-priced and illegal almanac trade was con- ducted with moro regard to the morals and intelli- gence of the people than the impostures and inde- cencies of the Stationers' Company.-Chaules Kniout. Mu BnouoiiAM.-In the autumn of 1820 Mr Brougham was organising his " Society for the Dif- fusion of "Useful Knowledge." The Long Vacation wos at an end, nnil in that November the prospectus of the new society wbb privately circulated It Btud -"The object of the society is strictly limited to what its title imports, namely, the imparting useful information to all classes of the community, particu- larly to such as are unable to avail themselves of experience d teachers, or may prefer loaming by them seltes " Here, then, appeared sn openiug for the nurture of my eh rished fccheme, of which I ought to avail myself At Windsor, in November, I received a letter Irom Mr. M D Hill, wiBlung me to come to town îmnediutely, ob he had mentioned rny plan ot popultr books to Mr Brougham, and to a touunittee for the encouragement of such a project, and that he thought great things might be done Of course this communication brought me instantly to London , and 1 was very quickly introduced by Mr Hill to Mr Brougham lhat interview is indelibly impressed upon my memory with all its attendant circum- stances I had never come across the renowned erster in private life, or had Been him under an every day character lhere was nn image in my mind of the Quttii'B Attorney-General, ss I had often beheld him m the House of Lords, witldine a power m the proceedings on the Bill of Pains and Penalties which no other man seemed to poebess equivccatiDg witnesses crouching beneath his «lthet icg scorn, mighty peers skrlnKing Irora his bold SMcaem , ti c whole assembly viMbly agitated at times hy the splendour of his eloquence Hie Henry Brougham I had gazed upon w üb, in my mind's eye, a man stem and repellant, not to be approached with any attempt at íumüioritj , whose opinions must be received witn tho most respectful deference , whose mental superiority would be soiewhat overwhelming Ihe Henry Brougham into whose chambers in Lin- coln s Inn I was ushered on a November night was sitting amidst his briefs, evidently delighted to be interrupted ior seme thoughts more attractive After salut» g mj- friend with ajoke, and gtospiug my hand with a cordial welcome, ho went at once to the subject upen which I came. Ihe rapid conception ef the feilures of my plan , the few bn«f questions as to my withes , the mamfeslation of a warm interest in my views without the slightest attempt to be patronising were most gratifying to me Ihe lange of the greu orator rf 1820 rlti gether vanished when I hettned to the unpretentious and often playful words of one of the bcBt tuble talkers of 1820-it vamshed, even as the full bottomed wig of that time sermed to have belonged to some other head than the close cropped one upon wlichl loolred The foremost advocate of popular education made no harangues about its ad- vantages JJp did notindoptrinatomp, nu! have b?en bored bj many an educationist bef jre and since, with flourishes upon a subject which he gave Mr. Hill and myself full credit for comprehending M Charles Dupm stud to Macintosh, after a ui¿ht in the Hou.^e of Gemmons-" I heard not one word about ihe blessings cf liberty "-"No, no," replied Mack mtcsh, "we take k11 that for granted." So cud Henry Brougham take for granted that he and I wore m atccrd upon the subject of the Diffusion of Know- ledge. Hewosthen within a few days of the comple- tion of his iorty-seventh year, full of health and energy-one who has been working without intermis- sion in liteia ure, in science, in law, in politics, for a qutrtcr of s century, but one to wh»m no work seemed to bung fatigue , no tedious mornings of tho King's Bench, no sleepless nights of the House of Commons, able to " stale hisimfinito variety." Troca îhat hour I felt more confidence ni talking with per- fect freedom to him who worthily failed so large a space m the wtrld's eye, than to many a man of com- monplaces, whose depths I had plummed and had found tbem shallow 'lhat first interview with Mr Brougham was an event that had a marked influence upon msny subsequent passages of my life - Chahlls KNIGHT Lauulncf Steknb -Entering the " George," we find îlr Sterne siting with a large company, chiefly " gentlemen of the gown," listening with deer) offence to a smart voung fellow scattering his* flippancies againBt the clergy and the whole ptuonnel ot religion-specially addressing himself to the hypocrisy tf ministeis. At length, when he has made an end, he turns to our Laurenc-, and rashly and besottedly asks if he doss not agi co with him Possibly he interpreted that Vol tairean mouth as being sure to deal with Voltaircm mat er A^ Uli a twinkle of those eyes, and a lifting of the corners of that ace-of hear's mouth, the young clergyman ignores the question utterly, and begins to describe a particular pointer of his, reckoned the most beautiful ia the whole country, but which had one " infer-trick," (f always flying at clergymen Here wes warning for the incautious jouth-.here was mischief at the bottom of this apologue, and he should di aw off while there is jet time. But he must put a que stion-from sheer embarrassment, perhaps " How leng, sir, may he have had that trick?"-"Sir," rcpluB the other (and we see Mr Sterne taking his fir-t Shandetin summersault), " ever since he was a puppv I " The witling was crushed, amid the tumul- tuous' applause of " gen'lemen of the gown." Tne joke wbb presently all over Yorkshire. People now begin to respect-even to regard with awe-the man who kept such dangerous petards by him, and will be cautious of offence - Fitzgerald't Life of Laurence A French Calculation.-" A calculation has been made," says the Salut Public of Lyons, " on the sub- ject of crinolines, which is worthy of attention. These dresses, in fact, require three metres more material than the ordinary ones. As no less than 20,000,000 of ladies' dresses are made every year in France, the additional quantity used is 60,000,000 of metres, which, taken at the average price of 2 francs a metre, makes a sum of 120 millions of francs. In addition must be mentioned two extra petticoats required for these ample dresses, and the material for which costs 120 millions more. The steel cages must also be taken into account, and as they cannot be estimated at less than 15 francs each, a further sum of 150 millions must be added. These three sums together make a tribute of 390 millions, or about one-fifth of the State Budget, paid to a ridiculous and inconvenient fashion." A curious performance, not in the bill, was intro- duced on Friday last into the popular play, "Noa Alliées," at the Théâtre des Arts, at Rouen, M. Delacroix, who was playing the chief role, suddenly paused in his part and said :-" Gentlemen,-Allow me to interrupt myself an instant, and tell you some- thing. I have just been dismissed by M, Briet. Now I depend on my engagement for my bread, and as I have not deserved this treatment I appeal to you. The director has in this case looked more to himself than the public-this will never do. If you agree with me, be good enough to applaud me ; those who are of a different opinion can hiss." (Some applause.) "Thank you," and then he went on with his part of the haughty baron.-Paris Letter. A treaty has just been concluded between Madame Meyerbeer, represented by M. Crèmieux, and the management of the Grand Opera, Paris, for the per- formance of the long-expected. "Africaine" (or " Vasca de Gama "), which is to appear early next year.-- Galignani. ; » leodca Labour «au lilaos roer," y«\ &, p, 271* Binnie in PinTS.-A°C0Tt"ng to a return inuT . sued from the Hotel de Ville, the number of birth.' ' the city of Paris during tho year 1862 was 62 31» which 26,505 were boys and 25,507 girls ne V whole number, UM were illc^iiimate, and 37 ? bom in wedlock. üf the natural children 0 7U ¿! recognised and bear their fathei's name# 'xn8_!; bcr of deaths was 42,185 and the excess of birt 10,127. The marriages celebrated were 15 916 T population of the twenty arrondissements, 'at the 1 census, w*b 1,690,161.-Times' Parie Letter. The account of the dreadful murder committed li week in a railway carnage, has been translated a published in all the French papara. This will r lessen the ide» the French hive alreîdy formed of t fearful insecurityoflifo in London. 