TOWN AND COUNTRY NEWS Tub 8vdn*.v Genbuax Coopeeitive^ocietv.— The fifth quarterly meeting of the above moiety «?»« Held at the Store, Market-street, on Monday evening Utt Mr, Uoik prettied, wbo, after reading a letter from ihq seoretary, tendering bit resignation, called upon the aotlng secret iry to read Ibe report. The. Board of manage rr.nr congratu lated tbo members noon the Improvement In the affilrt ol Ibe foclelr elcce the laBt quarterly decline, when II ap ptaie tbe UUtoe tbeet lodlcaUd alou of teirlr cl«ht pounta, IneUad of (he usual profit to pay fnlcreet upon there* end beoue npon lurohatet. The resatt of tbe rub. eequent quartet's butlDtw has, however, entbled tbe ma nagftutrit, alter muktog up tho di-uclenay ftatw), to allow tbe U(u«! Inter ett upon paid -up shares tit the tro qiurtcre, end lo declare a bonus of ono chilling In the piuud upm tbe membere' purchttes fir lie l»ft quarter; a dlflereooe cf over thirl] pouixfe opptarlce In tbe grote profile of tho builtsie bctKten 'ho two quarters. The report statad thtt tbe attention of the management hal been oojnpfed is making preparations for tbe ctrolmoDt of tbe society. Tiro epeolal mceil≥ bad been held to revise and amend the rule*, 'ibe wbole of the pn- limtaariee now being arranged for enrolling tbe society under tee 'Friendly fotfetiiB' Act,' a bope waa fzpreeeel that in a shirt time that desirable objeot would be accomplished, after ubkhtbo tulcB will be printed, and aolive atapB taken to trlcglbf toclity and tbe advantages ft offers more promi nently tuto nolloe, the management sot having felt justifled In IcduciDg tbe Investment of a larger amount of ojpltal (ban banly seoeesary to carry on the business until !U pro perly an! funds weie under legal proleotlon. Tbe report, with tbe balance ebeet, was then unanlmoutly adopted, and (be dcolion of officers proceeded with. Mr. Hook was eUolid president ; Mr, Hankaford, treasurer, aad Mr CatLtli, eeotetary ; tbe whole of the retiring members of the Ucaid of management, except those who resigned, being re-deol(d. A vote of thanks to the Bsard, so jompanlod by exprettiens of (he highest oonfidenoe in their management, was uia&imously; agreed to. The members present appealed highly eatiefied with the improved oonditfon and proppto'.s of the society, ana pledged themselves to rue every available means to extend tbe principles of oo-opera'Ion, and the experiment made thus far was considered a decided enccete, for which the society was Indebted to those indivi duals vho had devoted a considerable amount of time and attention in originating the eooioty, end oarrylog It to Its pie its! fceae. From what tratuBlrad, ? considerable aooaa ion (o Ihe members is confidently looked for. when the » octet j Is enrolled, as numbers have signified their inten tion to join when their investments oan be considered secure. Ueveral of the members addressed the meeting, and after some time spent in oenvenation upon the affaire of the tooiety, the business cloeed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. fiiEsm- TEuy of Erc»-£Y (Genieai Synod).— Toe firct meeting oi the sew Presbytery of Sydney, formed as a Court of the Presbyterian Cburoh is New South Wales, on Tuesday last, met yesterday at 11 a.m , In the Maoquarle etrcet Presbyterian Churoh. Present: Beva. Dr. Lang, W. EidUy, W. Dron, Dr. Steel, 3. Cameron, S. Thorn, B. G. Patersrn, ministers; and Mescrs. Bowman and Doflfle, elders. The Bev. A. Gordon, of Singleton, and P. Fitzgerald, ol Moray a, were associated with the Prea bjtery for (he present sitting. The Rev. Mr. Johnstons, of Auckland, was introduced, as a friend, to the Presbytery. The Bev. J. Cameron was chosen moderator, and the Bev. W. Eidlty, clerk, for the ensuing year. The attention oi the Covrt was chit fly occupied with the temporary rupply of Chalmers Church,— the Bev. W. 8. Donald having declined to aooept the call of the congregation meeting there ; and the remaining trials for ordination of the Kcv. Mr Bottdy. Tbe ??(rials' having been sustained, It was appointed that Mr, Boddy'a ordination should take plaoe on Tueeday evening next in the Soots Charon. Finding Human Bemaiks.— Last Tuesday (he police rregttliete rtctivea information that the remains of Mr. Hh.djb bad been found about eight miles from Young, on the Marenpo road ; and were lying at Mr. Fowler's inn, at the dam. Mr. Pearce at once went out to hold an inquiry ; stick, having been ''nitfated, was adjourned (or the pro duction of ecme ncoespary evidence. Tbe body, though much mutilated, was fully identified, by the clothes worn by tht! late Mr. Eimms at the time of his duapsearasce. Ihe inquiry wbb concluded yesterday at the Garibaldi Hotel ; do tvidenco was fwthcomtcg to show how the ua fortunate mud came by his death ; and we must remain in ucceilaitty (sever to be cleared up}, save as to the fact thtt be B)j»tcriour)y disappeared from (he oamp at Young, where he wee supposed to be in the safe keeping of the police ; tbat no one could give any aooou&t; of how he got away ; and that three months after, bis remains were found in the bub. tome eight miles away from where be waa \\-tot,—£urratigoftf Argus. ELECTiONEEntNG Mehs. — The Satliurst limes of Wednesday esje:— A requisition addreaEed to Mr. B. Y. Coneine, reguerting him to corre forward as a candidate for (he representation of Ualturet, has juet been issued. It is numerously t-igsed, and we are informed tally twioe the number of signatures oonld have been obtained with ease, but the feeling in favour of Mr. Coueine appeared to be eo unanimous that it was not deemed necessary to pursue the canvass further. We understand that Mr. Hart doea sot intend to contest the eleotion. A requisition inviting Dr. Thomae Lee lo stand for the electorate of East Mao qcarie is In cource of signature, and we have been Informed tbat Mr. Lee has efgnified his willingness to come forward. Mr. William Cnmmicgs is likewise a candidate for the came electorate. Ihe 1 lection fou Itxawarra. — The Expreu of Wednesday eaye :— Though Mr. Oaborne has declined an overture already made him by Mr. S. 3. Fetreon and other gentlemen, to allow himself to be nominated for (his elec torate, it is hoped that he may yet be indnoed to oome forward. A more suitable representative it would be difficult lo procure. Ehouia Mr. OBborne consent to be tomlnated he will be very strongly supported. Indeed we donbt whether in (hat case any other candidate would have tbe ghost of a chance. The Mercury states that Mr. J. W. TYilthireieepcktnof as a candidate, ana is very likely to command a large amount of support, Destiu'ctive Hailstorm a.t M'.r6vret,LDRO0K. — On Tuesday evening, between five and tix o'clock, a terrific bnilstorm visited (he township of Kuewellbtoak. It lasted about halt en bour, and broke nearly every pane of glasa in the townebip, betHes doicg other serious damage. The fiolioe- court, telrgraph and post-offioes, (ho hospital, and other important buildings were much injured. The storm come on from (be westward, and veered round to the south east. Every particle of vrgetatlon was destroyed. Mr. Denotoe lost fojty acres of wheat, whioh, before the etcrm, was rfmly read; for reaping. Other farmors lost fd filler quantities. The hailstones were of irregultr chape, and ranged from 'he size of marbles up to the b'zb tf a man's fist, and on Mr, Katon'e inn come of (he shingles were split b; them The hall which pat sed through tbe windows lay on tha fl ior to a great depth. Tbeetockyardswereallcleanedontasrhongb (hey had never been used, and passengers by the afternoon (tain informed us that such a terrific hailstorm had not bo ( re bun wltacceed by any cf the inhabitants of the town eblp. Teamsters bad to abandon their teams ; and some horees which had been hobbled were found lying on the ground almoet lifeless. Oiher horseB had broken out of jarde and paddocks to seek tbelter, and a horse and dray vu found upset about two miles from the township — ilaxtland Mercury. Committal fou Biohwas Bobbeby under Aems — On Tuesday afternoon, James Boyd, alias M'Grath, and Charles Stanmorp, alias Sohofield. were oommitted by the bench at Mtuwallbrook for trial at the Mustvellbrook Quarter Sessions, for highway robbery under arms. These ere tbe men who were apprehended by sergeants Kerrigan ar,d Thorpe, at Glennie's Creek, on snsploton of being the tllowe who aiuck up a number of teametera on the North ern Bead, about the end of lest month. There was a strong' chain of circumstantial evidence against the nooused fatties. A Mrs. Patterson identified Boyd aa a man she euw in company with another near tbe eoene of the rob beries, and a very short time after the occurrence; the man In Boyd'e company wore orape over the upper part of his fice, but (he particularly nolloed that he hail loat a front boil), and bad a peculiar bend in bis ooee. fine pioked out from eix or seven horses two which tb* men the caw rode, and these proved to be the horses taken with tbe prisoners. Eeveral of tbe teamsters Identified tha horses as those ridden by the men who robbed them ; the clothes (bey wore end their general appearance also oorrespond exaotly. Vpon tbla evidence the prisoners were committed.— Mail- knd Mercury. Br.s H all's latest Beceuit.— The Yass correspondent e( Ibe Goullnrn Argus writes:— Young Dunn, who has /diced Ben Ball, ie the eon of a em. II settler living In tbe neighbourhood of Murrumtrarrah. lie is accounted one of the lest riders in New South Wales, whioh is saying a prml deal. A person who is well acquainted with him told me the otter day (hat, if thin young raeoal waB mounted and tie horse placed on the root of one of the houses in Gooma itiect, ho would ride along the roofs of ibs others to the furthermoEt ecd of Ihe town ! So much for his daring (qntfctri&n; tbilitlefi. ks we all know, the native ynu'h pride IbrruEclves on their prowess in tbe saddle. It it a u»d pity (bey do cot aeplfft to sometbicg more ennobling. hX the last annual races held In Yaes. Dunn rode, and sneers - fully too, tbo Binalong horsa ' Ringleader ' The nest line he (uiced up in Yoes was inoompany with young Kennedy, a youlh of his own kidney, Ihe son of an ex rmuifoan In Mnrmmburrah, They came Into town la e one evening, and as they WGredressPd In true buehrongor's ccetumo— nr.mrly, a poncho wade out of a blanket orna mented with bars and etar;, and Napoleon boots— they were coon spotted by the police. On being interrogated, i rut g Ker,md- esid be wanted to Sod uut where the liltinp'on Pound tree situated, Be a racer had been ptolsK from him after the Munumburrab race; by ? (mentfon- )tf another youth who has shown strong indications for notee-efeallrjf'), and (hat bo had bund out fiom (he Gci- ernment Gazelle that It was in the pound. Aft-r muling sundry inquiries, be obtained tbe requisite information, and the two hopefuls de parted on their journey. It appears (hat the horee vas released by Kennedy, and. he with Dunn re turned towards home. On reaching Gunning, Dunn left Ills oompanioD. asd xoie in tbe direction of Podman Creek, where be fell in vrtlh another youth named Bran, whose brother bat been long Ihe dread of this part of the country as one ef the moat expert and euooeufru of horse dealers, but whose reign It drawing, or has drawn to a dree. Shortly after thu thsy ?tuck np and robbed some drays on tbe Fodman, and were subsequently apprehended ana token to Burrows, where they were oommitted for Mai at ibe Ian General Sessions. Strange to say, that althengh toe charge was robbery under arms, the sapient juatfos i ateeptod b«H for their appearuce to take (heir trial. When the leaelons oame on, Sunn and RyanwareonJled on their \- biL To* latter appeared, bat u Pom wm ttwent the. Ciown I'tmiajior Applied for a tnelponemutit of the tiial, cosFcnticg lo tike fresh bail for Kyan, and at (he eatne time applied to the judge to entreat Dunn's reoog nlearoes and itsue a bench warrant fjr his appreh»ntlon. All 1Mb whs drne. I have very good reason (or believing (hat JJucn was In Ybsb at the time tbs application was made, aid that so soon ae he heard that a warrant had tieuid bo mounted bis hone eat joined Ben Halt and Durleovy {Gilbert wes not with Hall at (he time), who wnei only a short distanoe from town. See now ihesrase qupncee of Mr. Bunowa Ju«lion'« folly la granting ball, fi j an kijotv he wnuid not bu put on bis trial wi.houi Duua, sr.d tLorifire suirendered. nnd t shall be m wt egregioutly TiiUt»lier If i vtr he thews his nose voluntarily before Judge Wojniott again. 'I he Oii- Man.— This noted bushranger -was brought into Baibuiot uLder esoorl from Forbes on Saturday last. As a muter of form he tra« Ukcn before tbe poliie insgls (rate, vho endorsed Ino warrant, and be was removed to tbe (.del. In appearanoo he il not more than middle-aged, and we cbd ckii-e no otbtr refiton to acoouot for hla boiog called 'old' than that whioh might resu'.t from a com paiieon wdb kin more youthful oompanlons in crime. lie te a men of powerful frame, walks upright, end Is very tall. The rxpmtfon of his conntenance is cornea-hart scowling though defiant acd rtoklees. It appears that be is to be Imught up on another ohartre, viz., that of slicking up the CowraMnil.'— Bail in st Times, 11 B Bobbi'b tTOLEN Bouses —One of the two oar rlage hoieee taken from Mr. bosei's by Ben Hall, and which wot turLed loose by the robbers at Towrang, was found tv.o or three elajB after near BoBBiville. The other baa since been recovered near Qunniog.— Goiiltmn Atgus. Eilled by the Fall of A. Thee.— On Tuesday mom ing a man named Samuel Gunter, aged sixty -six fears, wu billed in tbo Dancer ing paddock, near Loohinvar. by a ties falling upon him. With another man named William Wat son be was engaged felling Umber; they hid cut through en irnnbark tree, when it ftll against another tree; they then proof eded (o cut (hit Inedowo ; through some unfore seen occurenoe it fell before it was expected to fall.knook icg down the deoeased, and resting npon bis body. With tbe assist asoe of a man Earned Little he was put upon a bullook dray and conveyed to the Loohinvar Hallway Station, and was then brought to the Hallway Inn, Elgin street, Maltland. Ee expired almost immediately on arriving there. Tbe deoeaeed's ekull was found by Dr. Robinson, who was in immediate attendance on his arrival in MalHand, to be fractured. He was bIbo injured in other places. An isqnest was held upon tbe body the same day before the coroner at (he Hallway Inn, when a verdlot of aooldestally killed by (befalling of atree was returned.— Uaitland Met- wry. Boebe Stealing.— Writing on the 7th Instant, the Marengo correspondent of the Tats Courier says:— 'In- formation readied here this morning to the effect that last nfght two valuable raoe horses bad been stolen from BronghtonBKorth. Of course the bushrangers are sus pected, but (heir aotive participation in this affair Is a matter of great doubt, because having last week bo well re plenished iheir purses, it is but reasonable to suppose that (be rascals are now In safe quarters revelling— Hall being (oo shrevtd a (aotiolan to amalgamate riot with robbery. 