THE BRITISH PEASANT AND THE LA SD. (Fiom tbe London Quarterly Review ) WHAT Mr. Cobden said at Rochdale respecting the pea. santry of this country is but too true, as all must know who have thought it worth their while earnestly to in vestigate the condition of so large and important a class of their fellow-countrymen. There cannot be a more per nislously false picture than that which has been some» times drawn of the health, innocence, and comfort of the agricultural population of Great Britain. The facts of the case present a distressing contrast to such dainty dreams. If the lovers of the country would but so far truly love the country people, as to inquire how they live, what are their hopes and prospects, and how or where they ' expect to die, and would but ask themselves what is the lowest condition of comfort, hopefulness, and power of self-help which a "free born Englishman" should enjoy, there would be some "likelihood of things being altered for the 'better. But so long as the middle classes of Britain are the freest and most prosperous in the world, so long as justice is done to the crowded masses of our operative population, who know how to make their demands heard, and so long as the gentle and high-born of this land continue to.regard the present condition of the peasantry as nataral and in evitable, and as one in regard to which their only duty is to alleviate it as far as may be by charity and conde- scending sympathy as towards on essentially inferior and permanently dependent race-so long there is little likelihood of anything effectual being done to lift into true liberty and into manly hopefulness and self-reliance tho peasantry of our land. Meantime their condition is well understood by foreigners, and is the one opprobrium' of our country, among the philanthropists and public, men of the continent and of America. While weare writing these lines, there camea to band an Ámerioan religions journal of very wide oirsulation, wblob contalnB In à prominent place on its first page an extract headed, " English Agricultural Labourtrf," taken from tbs Manual of Political Eoonomy, lately published by Mr, Henry Fawcett, the newly elided Professor of Political Eoonomy in the University of Cambridge. In this passage äär. Fawcett states that "tboro are few olaasoBof workmen who, in many re. speotn, are so thoroughly wretched OB tbs English sgri cultural labourers....Throughout a large agricultural dlstrlo-, with which we aro in'imately acquainted, we know that the great mejori:y cf the agricultural labourers' hive not raved a singlo penny ; to them a life of toilsome and incessant industry oan offer no other protpeot but? UT drag out a mise:able old age; for then they will either bo paupers in the workhouse, or they must oc'me as suppliant mendicants for parish relief. Bat even the pbyBloal suffering which ls aasoolated wlih their poverty is not the worBt feature of their oondition ; their ignorance ia BB complete BB it is distressing," And what their Booial condition and domestic babita moat be, tbos« who have studied tho Bubjeot will understand from the character of the hovels in which they live, tho wreiobed, ness of which ÍB autumn after autumn exposed in the columns of the doily preae, but remólos for the moat part unmitigated notwithstanding tho pleadings and invective of S.G.Ö,, and the outcries of tho press. It Is well known to be the personal and pecuniary interest of the landlords that the cottages should be as few and as poor as possible. Comfortable and creditable cottages do not pay an ade- quate money return. How can they when labourers earn ¿ina or ten enilliM* * w«ek t Moreover, nany land lord« make fl a rale ts pall down «Il theootttgea on theil eatales In ordar to avoid the ohirga of poor ratee, ant tba leboartr has tn wall three, fire, or even elgb miles to the seene of his daily toil. Oin anylhinf ba more iofqoHoa«, more infamoaa tban snob a eon ditton of things as thia t And yet tbe veiy pipe the «olamna oi whiob teem year by year wit! heart- harrowing evidence of ali that we have now stated and more than all, refuses to open his eyes to the fact that here there must be some great and fundamental wrong, and appears to maintain that nothing more can be done for the peasantry of England than has been done. The peasantry teem upon' the land; but the present state of the laws affecting land shuts them out from purchasing a rood of it. Meantime there is no la« which compels either the farmer who employs them, or the landlord who is said to ' own" the land, who does enjoy the usufruct of it, to provide them with habitations They wander far and wide to find wretched cottages and there they are too often compelled to litter together like swine. For all this there is but one remedy. Mere public opinion, it is evident, is utterly ineffectual. The rights of the son of the soil must be fully conceded to tba labourer. Hitherto, while nominally a freeman, ht bes been eotdally little other flan a serf, witbou1 the provisions and immunities wbioh belong tc serfs, The labourer mast be pot into a position to help himself; be must no longer be regarded as only made to be helped by the hand of high.placed charity, or lodged and kept alive, as one of a quasi-criminal class, by itu cold and suspicions bounty t the state. The one cure for the pauperised and brutalised condition of the agricultural labourer is Identical with that which Mr Blaikie has discovered to be the remedy for the evils which still attach to the general condition of the operative classes. The peasant must be enabled to become his own landlord. Every labouring man who has attained to the age of twenty-one, and has laboured for a given time on the same farm, ought, under certain ,conditions and within a certain distance of the homestead where he finds his labour, to be entitled to purchase a rood of land at the market price. It is idle to talk of difficulties in the way of accomplishing this. All difficulties must give way where the morals, the manliness, the human rights of our fellow-men are concerned. Have not all diffi- culties and all scruples, whether of feudal landlords or of others, been made to give place in the line of railroads ? And is the character of the peasantry of England. and of England itself, a matter of less importance? The bill which has been carried, through the energy of ' the pre- sent Chancellor, tn provide for the gradual introduction of a system of land registry, is an important step in the right direction; as it will simplify and assure titles, and, so far as it obtains, will rednoe the <>oat of conveyance to a mere trifle. Even the poor ploaghboy, if be were tem. pents and thrifty, oonld, by th<* help of tbs Po?tofuce Savings Bank, save at least £50 by the lime he was twen'y-flve'yearB of age, Bat wbet he wants is a motive, dive him e hope of baying half ea ears or even a rood of land on which he could work as his own garden, and in which he could hope to place his own house, and for this be would toil and save and even put off marriage. Once let him get a roof of his own over his head, and his fear of the poorhouse is at an end; This is no mere theory. ' It bes been proved trna by the exp:, tience of the Swiss cantons, of many parts of Germany, and of our own Channel Islands, The landlord's poor. rates will no doubt be in proportion to the namber of his oottages, "'Bat if the oottages cometo be owned by the labouring'men themselves, and if clever and saving yoong men might baye the reasonable expectation after a few years of steady labour, of becoming themselves possessed of tbeir own cottage bornes, surrounded by their own-gardens, pauperism as an institution would be extinguished, 'drunkenness would be greatly diminished, morals wonld be elevated, tbe peasant wonld become a tree man. Tbrn, SB bis family increased, the labourer wonld inarease the accommodation of bis collage ; then his home might ba a place of family purity and happiness. How it ia too often a wretohed ano polluting double cell, wbere misery oowerB, and wbere obastily and deoeney nan scarcely be known. Till then (he pearant will remain cot England's glory, but ber disgrace,-.tbe nursing of tba paiisb, the dependent of the r quire;-brought into the world by the parish doctor, pensioned on parish pay, baried ia the parish coffin dependent on the rqaire's will for snob shelter os his poor cottage affords, precluded from heooming himself tbe owner of a yard of land, and prohibited, even when he m ght be willing, from adding anything to bia houee which might render it a deornt horca for bir sons and daughters, or fit for a Christian's habitation. The middle classes of thia oountty havo won the battle of free trade for themselves ; and in con meroial legislation we are before the world. Tbe next great victory will be Ibe social (not tbs political) eniranob'snutnt of tbe pea-antry of England. Here we are hehind the'world. Car political economists have long been preaching the troth as tjoibiajnost vital question ; but class prejudiaes' are rampant, affTtbe troth cen only get . bearing from A few. Bot tba day mast euros when the soienoe of J. S. Mill and the facts of Ii ring and Kay will prevail. MUNICHALTTT OF VlLVÁTN -A meeting of the oounoll wa9 Held oo Moodey evening, tba 4th April. Members pteBBiit- Messrs. Be« tin, Church; Ellie!', Evans, G'ar, Mansfield, Bimpey and Boisld, The C/airman (Mr. Bonntree) being absent from the colony for two months, Mr, MautfMd proposed that Mr. Evans shall take tbs «hair tor th« present meelina, end be rpqaented to sot ss the representative of the Chairman da lng his abeenc=; wbieh propoFal was nnanimonsly agreed to ; whereupon Mri Evans took the ob air. The minâtes of the prooeod. logs oí the prevlnn* meeting were read and confirmed. A leit'r'from Mr. Jjoob L. Montefiore (Birob Grove Estate) was read, rfqaes'iog that the ooonoil will canse the saiab to be oleared off Louisa Hoad, and certain roads leadlog from Blroh Grove Hoad to the continuation of Cameron- street, marked ont , by a spade line cn both Bides, with a view that ' tbe inhabitants ' of tbat locality may eubsoribe for the construction of a passable bosh road; refer'ed to the committee ot works for their consideration and re- port. Another letter was redd from Mr. B. D. Fitz- gerald, senior, calling tbe attention of the oounoll to the bad sta'o of Exoel alor-Ian o, leading from Ann-;tieit to Jjoe street, which was reserved for consideration at a 1'tor period ol the meeting. Mr. Mansfield presented a petition from'ratepayers in the East Ward, calling the attention of the ooonoil t" the bod state of Dnkcsiree', end praying tbat tbe said street mlg^t be pat into a eabs'sotial state of repair. P tition received, and ordered to ba taken into consideration the same evening, with other work' proposed to be eieoatnd daring the present mani jipal year. The cemmlnea of work» brought np a repot t, stating-lit. Tbat they had ocrtified to varions accounts for £74 O'. 10J.. whiab they had submiltoJ to the finance committee, 2nd. ^Vith reference to lettem referred to them from Mr, B FreriahB, Mr. G. E. V tile and Mr. A. C. Delobery ; that they had iastraated the sar. ve'yor to estimate the cost of laying snob rough gattering in Brosdstnirs street aswonld.be neaetsiry to mitigate at present the flooding o rn pl oin ed cf by Mr. Frorinbs ; and recommending that the corporation supply Mi*. Tiile and Mr. Delohery, of Campbell-street, with rough stone Slips, Bailable for making an approioh to each resldonoe ; and thirdly, theta letter having bren referred to tnem by tue'Cbtirman, from P. MoEeown, blas^gm'tb, containing sundry charges against K?czie, the. foreman of works, that thry had investigated the same, and now submitted minutes of tho 'eriden'ae they had taken from the witnesses produaed by tbe respective parties. Bqport received, and the dooamenta therewith ordered to be laid npon the table. The committee of finano? brought up o rep rt Btating that since their report of 3Ut ultimo, sundry aononnls, amounting to £0014='. 3d. had been paid by thom, nuder votes of appropriation; and 'recommending fa,- paymont four sacounta against tbe coi porndon for £i7 IDs. 10J, Report received. It waa resolved, on tbe motion of Mr. Elliot/,, tbat the papers now npon the table, relating to P. McKsown's obarges against their foreman, be taken into oon. aideiation by a oommitloe ol the whole coanoil at a later period of the meeting. Mr. Ramsay called tbs attention of tbp connell to some atone lying on the road near Mr. Beads, Sn »il a Bay, whereby the water WBB thrown upon Captain M'Lean'B ptoperty ; and also to the present dangerous state of Gllfion-lane. The Chairman promised to give instruction for both mattersto .bs looked into by the surveyor. Mr. I Bonald, purulent to notioe, moved-That the oommittee of general purposes be. req tested to oollcot information »a to tbe probable cost of Bupplying the municipality of Balmain with waler BB followB, v'a. :-The probable coBt of . site for reservoir,' and where situate ; the oost of forming tbe said reserioir ; the cost of mains necessary to s apply publia fountains (staling enrober) ; the coat of an engine complete, neoessery for the purpoBe of propelling tbs waler through tbe maint*; and also bow many weill thara aro within the municipality which can be made available far the public. The cost,of ole, li- ing cut, bricking, covering in, and fixing wlndlcsses to the same, with rope and bucket ; and oleo tba COB! of Cuing, pumps in lim of windlasses-Pa'; and carried, Mr. Elliott moved, pursuant to notice-Tbat tbe oounoll do take into consideration,. and decide'npon those works which it will be most desirable tooarry out during the present munialpal year-Pat, and carried, and ordered to be oonsidoted in committoo with other business »t ' a later period cf the meeting, Mr, Oburoh, purBuonc to notioe, moved th nt a pipe-drain bo laid ntar Mr. Miles', in Hosklng-Btrcet, nt a cost n t exceeding £10, Put, and carried, Mr, Mansfield, par*j annul to notice, mored-That from the first dey in the prêtent municipal yeer, Beattie, Malleas,' end Oresoent .tracts, oanneating the munlolpa iiy «lib Glebe Ieltnd, ] be pleaed to (be general works' aocaunt*, ai di«tin gnlebed from ward losoootr. Pat, and carried. Tbe following notloea of motion, for oonsideration at the next ordinary meeting,'were given : By Mr. Bemsay Tbat Beparate tendera be invited for eaob ward, fer carling and oleariog tbe entire gattering ; for eaieening, carting, and spreading gravel (by the load); for repairing and completing tba roar! and jetty at tbe end ef Djrllng-street ; for repairing and completing Datobett-Btreet, Little Ntobolson.atreet, Union-street, and HoBklng-street, to T^bnson.street ; for repairing and completing William.street throughout, and that tbe street name plates recently arrived from England be pat ap at once. By Mr. Mansfield.-ls*. Tbat tba sum of £37 lös. lOd. expended o er and above voteB of apprnpria'lon, as appears by tbe report of the oommittee of fiasnoe, reoeived this day, be approved and authorised,-3. Tbat the amount oharged to tba foutb «ard, for tbe formation ol the streetB connecting the manlcipality with Glebe Island, be transferred frcm the ward aaooant to that ' of general works; and 3. That the map of Balmain, prepared by Mr, Brownrigg, bs reduced to a smaller so»le, aid lithographed copies thereof priitud. Tba oounoll then resolved into oommittee, for, the purpose of considering varions business referred to snob o:mmlttee daring tbs evening, Tbs ronnjil having resumed, the Chairman reported tbat the oommittee had taken into oonslderBtion tbat part of tbe report from the committee of works respecting tbs charge brought against tbs overseer, and wera of opinion tbat further evidence should he taken before the whale connel. Debate ensued. Mr. Bamsay thereupon .moved-That a special meeting of the ooonoil bn held on Monday evening next, for tbe parpóse cf taking snob, evidence. Pat and oarrled. 'Ihe oonnoli Iben separated. THE GHOST: es produced in the Spectre Drame, po. polBtly illustrating the marvellous Optical Illusions I obtained by Ibe Apparatus called tbe Dirohslan Phantas- magoria, being a full account o' its history, cortBlruotinn, and various adaptations. Br Henty Dirche, CE. London : E. and F, Spon. Crown 8»o.-It may not be generally known that tbe apparatus fer producing en erarz'ng variety of optical Illusions illostiative of spec tral phenomena is tbe Invention of our respeoted towns man Mr. Diroks, who bas brought ont a work on tbe pnbj?ot, entitled ''The Ghost I ' belog the name by wbioh publio exhibitions of hla invention are designated in the me'ropolie, oar colonies, and on the oontinentB of Europe and Ametloa. The solenoe of optici has dot produced, for a very long period indeed, any invention approaching tbs popularity of this navel meanB of ob- taining acting spectral fi! iota on tba stage ; yet it ls dearly shown by Mr. Dirsbs to bs at present compara- tively in itB infanoy- He'xplaina various singular re- sults arising fro n'modified arrangements, Buoh as with one mirror, lo transfer tbe spectre lo tbs right or left of fha audienoe ; to produis groterque» ; spectres with red. bine, or ether co'oured beads ; and o speotre floating io tbe air. With the second of these ohonges in the operation " the audience on one side of tho honse would see an appati'lon wbioh, if at all burlesque, would occasion laugh er to one portion of the audience, to the amusement of the other portion ; and by the lime the change took place, eaeb «ide would br laughing, the one at the other." Mr. Diroks gives exact d reotlonB for the p rformanoe of Dickens's Haut ted Man," the extraordinary part of wbioh would bd tbat " the audience ia perplexed by peeing a man risina from bin peat, and also seeing that he if ill tits immo ably In Ms chair, so that evidently there are two persona instead or onP, for, although alike in dress, stature, and person, their aotlons are different." An equally strange efl"aot la tta< of the gamblers " They Bit on each side of a table,' on wbioh they place their revolvers. After a short play, they disputa and wrangle, during which one, seizing his pistol, discharges it a'- the other. He is horror-stricken by the bullet being returned to him, and his playmate passing away by neither window nor door." These, witb other soenes, are given In the woik io question, to illustrate petrie of the most sn iking applications of the Invention. Mr, Diroks, it eppeora, made a present of bis invention to the Poly'ecbnia In» citation. Ic bas, therefore, been of no pecuniary benefit to him what» ver - but be did not like- wise give np any right or title to the authorship of bis invention, and bo jistly complains of groBS neglect in a too prevalent mode of reporting and advertising his in. veption as tbongh, in some wny, it were itnprov d and per'eoted by othrr bands, wberras be makes it self, evident In his w orb tba' the publio bave as yet had but a very BUperfiala'linsight into the wonderfal capabilities of thia marvellous method of placing a liv r g to'or and a phantom in jaxteposition on tbe Borne stage to act (n onnoert, with ell the eppearanoe of reali y, until tnt finale of tba scene renders the spectral abarsoler o Ovlon". Tho negloits of lights of inventora ere oonsrqnently disoURsed aaa " growing, «Tying, crushing evil, wbieh 'bas gained in ftrentrtb with yeorp, bten refined as knowle^g? hos increased, end in oar day boldly seeks patronage in high plsoee." The prrsent work, therefor;*, possesses a double interest, both to the inventor ind to those who are carious in optical discoveries, and as ooming from the inventor himself, will no doubt excite BB ranob interest emong intelligent rerders SB pabilo exhibition of the inven ticin have proved a world.wido atttaotion to tho public, BB.EEDINO THE SEXES.- Tbe Archives d'» Sciences September, 1Ö83, coutains a eommanfcation from a Swiss agriculturist, stating that in February, 1861, he readved from Profoseor Tbary, of 3eotvo, a letter containing confidential instructions wbiah he WOB to carry ont for the purpose of experimentally verifying en assumed law regulating the produo'ion of the sexes amongst animals. The result was, that in 33 successive cases females were obtained according to desire. The animals bred from wera Swiss cows, and a Dorkom boll. M. Cornus then purobaaed a Dart am onw, and desired-to proonre hy breeding a Durham bull, in wbioh be soocoedtd. He also desired to breed i-ix balls orossed between Durham aad Swiss, and by seleo'ing eows of tho Dolour and hoight be wanted, be was «gain e.ieceuBfnl, end regirds Pra'ee. sor Tbury's method *s of the highest importanoo to breeders of cattle, The law nnunaiatod by Professor Tbnry and confirmed by M. Corna K. is that sex dopend i on the degree of matarntlon of Ibe egg at the moment of fecundation. In anipnroas animals fecundation at the oommtnaemsnt of the rutting poriod gives females ; at its termina ¡ion, malest In malliparnuB oreatures the (list eggs, (but desoend from tbe ovary. generally give females, the last miles ; but M. Thary says that in the I seaond generative period that succeeds the flrB», dr oamstmces ere considerably obong'd, and the last «Vgs give fem ah s. Many pf oar tur.il readers engaged ia ogrlcaltare, will be able to verify those curious statements, which moy have an important ir. Buenos on the profits of farming.-From the Intellectual Obterter, November, 1863. Tbe Lmdonderry Sentinel of November 201b, oon tofus a Yjry long report cf a leotnre by M*. Torrens on tbe transfer of land by tbe registration of title, whlob we refer to simply for tbs pmpofeof noting the gomewbit novel idea thrown ont by a solicitor who, at the olose of the lecture, rose to propose a vote of thirka to the leo. tarer.. The solicitor referred to (Mr, Colbounl said, that, if Mr. Torrens' Ant aoald be applied to property in Bri »in OB it wsB in South Aastrslis, the facilities aff.irr'ed for tbs transfer af properly would ioarease the emoluments of tbe legal profession by tbe VES*, mnllipli. oation of trun«00 ions. He said-"It woald, Indeed, be a great matter il bo and his profession al brethren could go to o banker end negotiate in landed property as easily es In a bill if oxotsnge. He believed If r-nob a B}st;ra were saooessfn ly in operation that the business of tho solicitors in this department would increase twenty fold. (Hear.) tie boped the pioposed moneare would bo favourably considered hy the Legislature. Not only thia meeting, bat the landed proprietors and the publia, and especially tbe solicitors, would tv under a deep debt of gratitude to Mr. Torrens if he should be instrumental io getting euah sn Aot passed." (Hear, beor.) Trw BioKiioKD PnrsoNEns*.-The Richmond corres' potidesr of me J Manta Appetl describas a reaent visit to the Hotel de Libby. He found the pasragesand note' rooms ol the prison piled up with boxoB and bales of clothing and providions which bod jost been received from the North by flag of truae. Upon ascending to the Upper stories cf tbe building oeoupled by tbe prisoners be Baw the greatest profusion of comforts and luxuries In tba way of pio'ant that even a riutouB Imagination onnld eonoeive. HamB, smoke i beef, Bologna sausages hung from the rafters j tin cans of potted meat, oysters, Rardlraes, green peoB, Sc!., were arranged on shelving against the walls ; while the finest pippins rolled along tbs floorp. Immense packages of new publications, sets of obcBsmen, backgammon boxes, Sc3" willoh bad ap- parently jait been opened for distribution, proved tbat tbe Yaokoes did not intend tbe unhappy brethren should die of ennui. The prisoners themselves were variously oeoupled, some lying at full length on the floor, deeply involved in the trsgio incidents of Mles Braddon's novóle; others plsyiog whist and euabre, or deeply pon doting the gambits ; others asleep ; otb ern, again, ealing their dinners. Brigadier-General Niel Dow WOB lopping up tbe soup furnished by tho prison oooh with evident Biiisfa tlon. One man only was roudlng tho Bible. All looked in fine health, and seemed remarkably obeerful, Major Turner informed tho writer tbat Boverel of tba ofUoers of the highest rank had bonded him a statement which they had voluntarily drawn up, denying in tho fnllost and strongest manner the infamous lies about Confédérale oruelty which have recently been circulated nt the North! " k I PximiNTlilHOOLK ANO THU WOBEIN« MK*-A (Joe. respondent of the Manchester Examiner and Tunca aeadt to tbat paper tbe following; extract from a latter written 1 from New York by a working man who a few months »go emigrated from England, and who had been appointed to wait npon President Lincoln es ope of a deputation of three lu respect of the mechanics' strike : - " On arming at the Presidential mansion we freely examined the moat beauti al sait of rooms I erer witnessed, and walked in and out Justas we pleased, without any one saying a word or inter fering with ns. I hare never seen anch splendid furniture. We eaw a coloured man lighting fires, whom we informed that we wanted to . see the President, at tbe same time giving him a note to take to him. In less than fire minnies after, we ware before tbe President ábout whom I had heard ao muoh in England. This was the man whose name was the signal for a burst of applause, or the groins and hisses of the haters of freedom. I little thought when I used to clap at the announcement of his name in the Free Trade Ball and eltesfcere in Manchester that I should evey grasp his hand or engage with bim in a conversation. We opened the door ourtelves Mr.' Lincoln was busy writing. When we had reached about half way into the room, be sprang to his feet with a smartness that quito surprised ms shook hands with ns all in turn, drew forth some chairs, and requested us to be seated. When wo had complied, he sat himself down, throw out hts long logs in trae Yankee'style, drew bis hand across his face, righted up with an honest smile, and began, " Well gentlemen I see what your hos! aess is by your note ;' but it _is useless to note down all that was said* but I can say that it is almost impossible to keep a straight faoa in his company, he being so brimful of jokes all baring Borne bearing on the subject under consideration. Bat now and again in his argument he rivets' your serióos attention. You cannot misunderstand him he is BO solid; and then he will finish with a pun. I consider him to be a staonoh supporter of the working man. Whilst we were talking to Linooln a hov came maning into the roam-Jost such a boy ar you would feel inclined to give a penny to for fetohing your coals. H's clothes had seen muoh wear ; his billycock had worn itself into a sugarloaf shape, and his . strong ahora made no little noise. He appeared about ten years old. I fully expected to see bim have his ears oofTed out of the room. This was one of Lincoln's «ons. Be had a bright, healthy face, and, OB his father rubbed hil head between his banda laughing lustily, the little fellow made quite a struggle to g t loose. American Presidentaare human natnre. They can be sociable and fatherly, and still do their duty to their country in its greatest (rills. Lincoln is just such a maa as I love to be in company with. He finds a bright side to every question, and is sure to illustrate his argument with a witty joke. You cannot forget what he says." 