THURSDAY, MAROU 3, 186Í. In the Initiative Assombly yesterday, Mr. A. J. SMITH moved for the production of papera respecting the purchase of a tele- scope of gieater power tbau any previously used in the Southern Hemisphäre, to be erected in the Observatory. It was his inten- tion, at a future dato, to move an nddro.-s for a sum of £6,000 for tho purchase of such an inatiumott. The motion was agreed to. On the veto of £20,000 for the Sydney road being reported, Mr. Levey, Dr. Mackay, Mr. M'Lollan, and other members, objected to the grant, which was agreed to after some dis- cussion of a personal character, in tho course of which the conduct of the hon. member for Ararat, Mr. M'liollan (who had been again and again called to order), was at last cen- sured severely by the Speaker. In comraittcp, Mr. HIGINBOTHAM submitted a resolution in favour of the imr/Dsition of a fee nndei the Real Property Act, and of a bill for ;the pmjxco being introduced. The horj. member shoitly explained the provi- sions of the Real Property Act Amendment and Consolidation Bill, and of the bill ho now proposed lo introduce. He stated that at present tho law of intestacy wm in a most unsatisfactory state. Tho curator of intestate estates could only deal with personal propsrty, and ho knew at least one case in which the real properly of an intestate had b:on taken possession of by the tenant, who refused to acknowledge the title of a child-the real ownor of the propoity which had to be sent to tho Orphan Asylum, though the properly wr "> of sufficient valuo to maintain her. Persons who took out letters of administration sometimes attempted to deal with real estate, as well as with personal property, though the law gjye them no light to do BO. From the beginning of 1859 to Oc- tober 1863, seventy-two such lettors had been taken out by creditors, whose debts amounted to £16,398. The amount of personal property those persons had dealt with amounted to £87,872. In live only of these seventy-two coses had accounts been rendered of the manner in which the funds had been dealt with, and oven in these cases the accounts were incomplete. In one case an administrator had actually taken possession of some real property in Gipps Land, and applied the proceeds to his own use. His colleague was preparing a bill on the subject, in connexion with the R-al Property Bill. The object of tho measure in the motion b3fore the chair was simply to facilitât: the transfer of laud. Dr.'MACKAY doubted whether tho li ml Property Act was wotkins well. The new bill would givo them, under the nama of Torrens's Act, something that was very dif- ferent. Mr. MIÓME remarked that the timo had passed for the discussion of doubts on this subject. The Real Propeity Act had become law, and all that was left for them now to de was to amend it. The system established in the colony was Certainly growing in favour, and was admirably administsred. The improvements now sugg sted were most creditable to Mr. Carter. After some observations from Mr. ANDERSON the resolution wa3 agreed to. Tho House then went into committee on the Land Act, taking up the 19th clause. Mr. BROOKE afked whyunselectcd land was to be sold at the end of one year after procla na at ion in place of three j ears? Mr. BEALES said the question bal bear answered over and over again. He proposée to strike out the latter pa rt of the clausa, BO a; to excludo the operation of the grazing syaten from the " bino" lands. Mr. BERRY twitted the Min'ster ofLandi (from Hansard) with bia Inconsistencies or tho land question, as exhibited in the c'auc: before the House. Mr. GILLIES proposed an amondment mainly to test the opinion of the committee to the ciTect that only when three fourths o an agricultural area were taken up, the othe: fourth might be sold by auction. Mr. IliaiNDOTnAM defended the clause. Mr. M'LELI \N thought a settlor who me with unavoidable misfortune might b harshly ticated under this clause», which with othois already passed, put tho vrhol lands of tho colony within tho disposal o the GoA-ernor in Council. Mr, RAMSAY enppoitcd the amondment. Mr. WOODS did not share the alarm of som hon. members, es to the operation of th clause. Mr. GRANT recommended the land re formers to drop their crotchets and thoona \ and endeavour to pass a useful mesiure. After some remarks from Mr. M'CANN an Mr. LEVEY, Mr. SULLIVAN Eaid ho wai prepared tj pa somo deference to an amendment emaoatin from tho member for Ballarat West, but th reasons for the proposition of his hon, co league seemed to him lo bo sound. Th spirit of the act of 18C2 \va3 not departe from. Mr. LEVI supported the amendment. N adequate, reason had boen given for tb shortening of the petiod durinsr which Une should bo r-p n for selection. The bill w. far lets liberal than the «sieting law. Mr. POPE alto tuppoi ted the amendment. Mr. .ANDERSON argued tli.it the cnnproml arrived at with the squatting party w. biokin by the proposition in the clausa b ' fore the House. Ho could tot vote for t! amendment, as it would jeopardise the bill, bnt he would support any amendment to alterHhe term from "one year" to "three years." Mr. CORIN supported the clans«. The reason why the bill wau ICES liberal than that of 1862 Was plain. This land question had done great harm to this colony. The sooner the auction system waa restored the better for tho settlement of the country. Mr. MORTON gave his reacons for supporting tbe amendment. After some remarks from Mr. RAMSAY and Mr. M'LELLAN, Mr. BROOKE replied to the argument) used in support of the clauso by the members of the Government. The amendment propscd by Mr. Gillies was negatived by nineteen to sixteen. Mr. M'CANN then moved that " one " year bo altered to " three " yeais-an amendment which was negatived by nineteen to eisten. Mr. MACOHEGOB proposed to limit the ox tent of lund to 4CD,0C3 acres that might bu sold in unselectzd agricultural areas. Mr. HE ALES accepted the amendment, which was agreed to. The clause was then amended aB proposed by Mr. Healcs, and agreed to. Clauses 20, 21, 22. Ü3, 24, 25, and 26 were agreed to, and progress was reported. The remaining busineis wei disposed of, and the House adjourned. A little pamphlet with, the title of Twenty-five Vulgar Fallacies on tile Land Question, Las a certain extrinsic value at the present moment, ?which de- mands that it should be lifted out of that profound obscure in which the author has chosen to bury himself and his work. It is not a veiy clever pamphlet, nor is it a very lively one; but it has au interest, though anonymous, scarcely less than if the writer had affixed b's name at large to the title-page. For we I must presume that there is only one man in the community, signing himae)? " M.L.A.," who can speak aa our author does, of Mr. DUFFY and of Mr. DUFFY'S labours-of what Mr. DUFFY did, Mr. DUFFY proposed, and Mr. DUFFY believed. There is certair'y only one man in the Assembly who is entirely satisfied with Mr. DUFFY'S Land Act, or who is able to speak of that gentleman's rivals, predecessors, aud successor, as this writer speaks. "Whoever he is, the anonymous M.L.A. has an extraordinary faith in Mr. DUFFY'S wisdom, and a wonderful distrust of the acts and the motives of eveiy one else. The twenty-five fallacies he has under- taken to "hang up for public inspec " tion," comprise, ol course, the opinions which have been expieased from time to time against Mr. DIUTY'S policy. These fallacies are collected and classified, to use the writer's own simile, as a natural philosopher catches and labels his butter- flies or his beetles. It would have been better, perhaps, to have said, as the paloontologist gathers and name3 his extinct specimens ; for, according to our pamphleteer, these fallacies are all pro- perly dead, and belong to quite a past order of life. They have been " ellec " tually strangled," and have no longer any right to appear but as " skeletons or spectres." It is in the interests of legislative science, and in order to prevent these very dead opinions from again troubling our peace, that our M.L.A. has taken up his ghost-compelling pen, He announces his process as a "rough and ready" one for getting rid of these vulgar phantoms for all time ; and one-half at least of this character the process may fairly be said to deserve. Browsing among the letters, speeches, and leading articles in newspapers, our M.L.A. has picked up some of these hard-dying fallacies j but his powers of digestion aro certainly less than his appetite for this kind of food. He has been unable to assimilate that which he has gathered. Following up the writer's own en- tomological simile, ho has only succeeded in sticking pins through certain random specimens. He is not so much the scientific naturalist as the mere collector of curiosities and furnisher of insect cabinets. He has got a butterfly hero and a beetle there; but which is the creature coleopterous and which the lepidopterous, he is no more able to say than Paddy hy the hedge-side. The Benthamian method, which he has apod, is in his hands what the bow of ULYSSES was to the suitors. ' The sticking-up and Labelling of fallacies is, in fact, one thing; the detection of a fallacy is another, and requires quite another order of mind. The M.L.A. is but a poor hand at any- thing like a logical classification of fallacies, and a much worse at their detection and identification. These twenty-five fallacies aro pinned together without the smallest idea of natural rela- tion ; and the attempt at " labelling" them is altogether a contemptible spe- cimen of dialectical skill According to our pamphleteer's interpretation, a fal- lacy is, strictly speaking, something which is in opposition to the principles of Mr. DUFFY'S Land Act-something which has prevented the realization of that glorious agricultural vision. The fallacies here enumerated are simply a string of naked assertions, unsupported by the smallest vestige of anything that can bo called an argument. Nor would it serve any useful purpose to go through them singly and in detail, to prove how utterly inco- herent and confused is the attempt at classification. The threo first fallacies here labelled, for instance, all relate to tho auction system ; and the Bole question properly to bo considered in relation to them, is precisely that into which the writer has not attempted to go-namely, whether the auction sys- tem is or is not the natural and only legitimate modo of disposing of the public lands. Tho arguments adduced, such as they are, to prove that the auction system is a"fallacy," turn entirely upon such minor and secondary points as whether the country has or has not got a fair price for its lands under tho auction system-whether every one is or is not content under that system -and whether limited auction has or has not worked fairly for all classes. The auction systom was abandoned, we are told, because it did 7¡oí secure a fair price to the state-a fact which, even if true, would prove nothing in favour of the auction system being a " fallacy." The squatter is said to be " clamouring and intriguing for a return " to the auction system, precisely be " cause it enabled him to get the public " lands at his own price, and to any I " extent he thought proper." But an army of clamorous and intriguing squatters could not, by their clamours, make that a fallacy which was not so before. And it is perfectly immaterial to the issue to declaro that the squatters did not pay a full price for the lands they bought under the auction system. I Is the pamphleteer himself of opinion that tho goodness of a land scliomo de- pends upon the state getting a fair price for its land ? If so, the Duffy system must be acknowledged to bo one of the worst of fallacies; for has it not enabled people, by the confession of its author himself, to, obtain the best lands of the country at less than their fair value?-What better mode can bo conceived of tosting what is the fair price of the public lands, than to submit them to open competi- tion ? As a matter of fact, it is not true that the auction system failed after trial. The system has never been fairly tried up to this moment. Had Mr. LA ÏKOBE possessed the courage to try it a dozen years ago, we should not be noAv in want of a neAV land bin. Fallacy No. 4 is labelled-" that Are " must, at any rate, give up a " system (i.e., the Duffy system) which "has failed." The M.L.A. contends that the Duffy system has not failed, but only " certain provisions made by " lawyers to guard against evasion ! " The act, it is declared, has been violated by unscrupulous men and their agents, in and out of the Government. Bat what are we to say of a system Avhich is so easily violated-against which every interested man can protect himself at will, and which is powerless to enforce its own provisions? What better evidence can we have of the " fallacy" of any law than that it depends for its working upon the absolute good faith and conscientiousness of those Avhom it is intended to correct and restrict 1 Do wo require that the act against stealing shall have the negative sanction and aid of all the thieves 1-This imitator of the Benthamian process should study some of the leading canons laid doAvn by his own great master before he attempts to define a fallacy, or to defend a laAW Fallacy No. 5, that the present law ought to be repealed because it fosters immorality, is characterized as an attempt " to shift the responsibility of crime " from the malefactor to the magis " trate." But M.L.A. has not yet shown us what the crime is, and where it lies, of these violations. The " crimo" is one entirely of his begetting, that is, of Mr. DUTFY'S. To make false declarations is undoubtedly a crime, by whom- soever they are made ; but how does the fact, that false declara- tions are made, affect the question of Avhether it is a fallacy or not to say that the existing law encourages false declarations? The duty of the legislator is clearly to leave as little as possible in his laws to bo supplied by private honour and personal con- science. The law which creates any neAV species of crime-which multiplies opportunities of falsehood and tempta- tions to immorality-is a bad and immoral law ; and it can be no fallacy to say that it is so. Fallacies 7, 8, and 9, tell us who were the violators, and how the violations were commit- ted; but it is quite immaterial to discuss these questions. Fallacies 10, 11, and 12, relate to the ques- tion of fact whether the present act has or has not been a failure-a ques- tion which we might have supposed was already settled by the evidence esta- blishing the extent and variety of the violations. It can serve no purpose to discuss whether something ought to be killed or not, which is dead already, beyond all hope of revival, In ansAver to Fallacy No. 15-namely, " that the " present law violates the principles of " political science "-the writer asks who says so-whose authority is of any value ? The public Avriters of England, France, and Germany, he avers, have examined the Duffy scheme carefully, and have found nothing in it against political science. We might retort on the pamphleteer with his own question, and ask, Who says so ? What public writer has declared the Duffy system to be in conformity with political economy? "Where are the philosophers who approve of an agricultural class being created by act of Parliament-who uphold the at- tempt to divert the industry of the state, by artificial means, from one channel to another-who declare that the proper value of the lands is precisely something less than they Avould bring if submitted to open competition ? As to Fallacies 15, 16, 17, and l8, relating as they do exclusively to cer- tain arguments adduced by the squatters themselves, in their own defence, we have nothing to say. We have no doubt that the pastoral class, like every other, has a whole batch of bad arguments to bring forward in defence of its own ex- istence; but it is a Avaste of timo te consider these purely exparte pleas as " fallacies" requiiing a public refutation The squatters, probably, are no bettei than the rest of the world in this respeci -that they would get all they can, and keep all they have. It is immaterial te the public to know what are their dif- ferences with Mr. DUFFY. It may be, as the answers to the remaining fallacies attempt to shoAV, that the pastora assessment as fixed by the act, was below what the state ought to exact, oi Avhat the squatters ought to pay. It ii quite too late in the day, however, te raise these questions in the interest o: Mr. DUFFY himself. Who drew up th< act ? Who planned the schemo o assessment 1 Who fixed tho pasto ral rents ? If the plan Aros : bad one, or if the rent is too low, tha is only another argument against the ac which this pamphlet defends, and whicl Ave condemn. It is even too late to dis cuss whether Mr. DUFFY'S attompt ti overthrow the arbitration scheme, whei he found the result less favourable thai ho expected, was or Avas not a repudia tion. Judgement has been delivered and sentence already executed, on thi issue. The fact adduced by Mr. DUFF: to prove the fallibility of the arbitrator -namely, that thoy erred egregiously a to the value of their own services-fur nishes no reason at all why the arbitra tions should- be repudiated. The arbi trators were never supposed to be infal libhi-we could not even bo sur that they were reasonably competen or honest. But again we asl whose fault was this ? To say that " the present Government are repudia " tors as well as the last," because they declined to pay the whole amount of the arbitrators' 'fees, may be quoted as by far the grossest and most remarkable fallacy in this book of the Twenty-five Fallacies. Reviewing this singularly bat? apology for a curiously bad law-this most illogi- cal of all lessons in false logic-we are struck with nothing so much as the per- tinacity with which the author asserts and ro asserts that the Duffy Act was a compromise-that it was a compact between two great interests in the state, each giving up someihing to the other, in return for some equiva- lent, and each binding itself in certain pledges to do something, or to refrain from doing something, to tho other. We have heard this position repeatedly maintained, both in and out of Parlia- ment ; and it is really time to inquire whether there is or ever was such a compromise. To give us some idea of what sort of compromise it is, the writer of this pamphlet defines it as " a " balance of interests like the British " Constitution." Well ! we yield to i no one in our reverence for the British Constitution ; but we aro curious to know by what sort of j process it is brought into analogy with the Duffy Land Act. Tho British Constitution is a great word; but the British Constitution, as a precedent for Mr. DUFFY'S land scheme, is surely a very daring flight for even the mind of an Irish logician to take. A compro- mise, as we commonly understand the word, is a compact made between two parties for their joint interest. But to a compromise there aie necessary certain preliminaries essential to every sort of compact. In the fiist place, we must have something like a denned interest on either side ; in the next, the two inte- rests must bo duly and faiily re- presented in the negotiations prelimi- nary to the compact. The eoinpact being made, it is necessary also that we should have some record of the fact, duly attested by the contracting parties. Now, which of these conditions is to be found in that so-called compromise, the Duffy Act ? "When was the compromise made, and by whom t It is said by M.L.A., by the farmers on tho one side, and the squatters on the other ; but do either of these parties understand that they were pledged as stated 1 By what formalities was the negotiation opened, and by whom was the bargain signed ? Nay, how could there have been any such compiomise at all in the exist- ing circumstances? How could there have been any such formal engagement as to bind either party to take no advantage of the other 1 What sort of compromise is it between A and B, when C, a third party, is mulcted of his lands in order to give A his security and B his right of i possession ? Allowing that there was | some sort of engagement between the squatters beyond the blue line and the i agriculturists within, how can this be ' said to bind the squatters within the blue, who are the sole parties affected by the passage of the act, and who alone have any interest in violating it 1 A more palpable absurdity was never uttered than this, that the Land Act is, or that any land act can be, a " com- | " promise," in the sense of a bargain which binds two parties, on their honour, not to take advantage of eachothor. There I is not-there cannot be-any such com- I promise. Any land law we have must depend entirely on itself whether it works well or ill-it has no right to depend upon the forbearance or the good , faith of any class in the community. The anonymous M.L.A. who has disco- vered that Mr. DüFry's Act isapara"el | to the British Constitution, might as | well, for all tho purposes of his argu- ment, have likened it to the solar system, I or the relation of earth to water, or the compact between mind and inattor. I Ttevoteofi;20,C00 for the construction of i portions of the main Sydney-road was the subject cf considerable discussion lost night in the Legislative assembly, orr the report that the vote had been agreed to in com mlttce. The ball wes oponed by Mr, Levey, who objected to the vote on general grounds. Dr. Mackay came next with (as usual) a spe- cial plea for Gipps Lind ; and Mr. M'Lsllan followed, charging the Government with placing the vote on the Estimates as a sop to the constituencies of two members who were Supporters of the Miuistiy. Tho lion, mem berlfor Ararat persisted, with even moro rude- ness and discreditablesclf-assertionthan usual, in a personal attack on the members alluded to (Messrs. "Weekes and Orr), though ropoatedly called to order. ThiB attack brought up Mr. Weekes, who retorted the personalities of Mr. M'Lellan with some effect, de- scribing him as the self-elected " ratontcher" of the .assembly, evor ready to bring forward scandalous charges against members without the smallest scintilla of truth to support them. Mr. Michie afteiwards roEO to defend tho vote, and-annoyed by tho constant and most unmannerly interruptions of the mem- ber for Ararat-administered to him various reprcois that would havo fallen stlngiDgly upon any other member of tho House than him to whom they were addressed. At a later period repeatod interruptions by the same member induced Mr. Iïoales to appeal to the Speaker as to whether some means could not he found-if some point could not be strained-to compel tho hon. member to keep order. The Speaker threatened to "name" the hon. member, when tho House would be under the necessity of dealing with him. This remonstrance seemed to fail of effect, the member for Ararat grunting a "Just so, just BO," to every sentence the Speaker uttered; and rising at the close of Sir Francis's remarks to reply, Mr. Gillies, who had moved into tho seat bshlnd him, at last pulled him hy the skirt, and in- duced him to take his seat. It certainly is a re- proach to the constituency of Ararat that their member cannot be persuaded to " seo himself as others see him," and for the oredit of Parliament if not for his own good name, put on manners, if thoy should be second- hand, better adapted for the Legislature of the colony. It was advanced by various mern beip, in the course of the discussion which followed, that the losses of bridges and in- juries to roads by the floods of tho season had been to severe, that it would bo neces- sary this season to supplement tho funds of the local boards by a Bpaciol grant. Tho Tno8urer, however, remitted an understand- ing being airived at that the voto should not be considered an exceptional one. At the weikly meeting of the Council of the Acclimatlsatlen Society, on Tuesday present, Mr. Edward Wilson, Dr. Mueller, Dr. Madden, Lieutormnt-Colouel Champ, MessrB. James Smith, AlberfParcha?, F. R. Godfrey, D. S. Campbell, S. H. Bindoo, and H. J. Chambers-a letter from His Excel- lency Sir Henry Barkly, addressed to Dr. Mueller, was read, stating that ho Avas sending to Melbourne for the society some Mada- gascar quail. The president laid two loiters he had received by the last mail before tho council. The first waa from Sir Daniel Cooper, sayirjg that by his direction Mr. Baily bad shipped, per Luclbolle, six ring necked pheasants (theso aro the Bamo ipecies which have succeeded so well at Auckland), eight Carolina duck?, and nine Barbary partridges. The whole expanses of this ship- ment are paid by Sir Daniel, and JleSsiB. Houlder Brothers liberally give a free ^ssage for tho birds. The second letter was from. Mr. James A. Youl, mentioning that lie had recently met, in London, the Mr. Cameron of New Yolk who shortly since made the attempt of sending the St. Lawrence salmon to Australia. Mr. Youl says that Mr. Cameron is still determined to succeed, and that, at his request, he had shown him the manner of constructing an ice-house on board ship, for the reception of the ova, and also instructed him how to pack the ova in moss fur the transit. Mr. Cameron expressed hn in- tention of making the attompt by Eome I ship leaving New York in Decambar la.it, BO that Ave may Bhoitly expect to hear fuitber of the matter. The President men- tioned that he bad received permission to hold!the dog-show in the Exhibition Build- ing, and it waa decided that it should b3 held on Thursday and Friday, the 7th and 8th of .April, The prizc-lisr3 aro now ready, and can ho had on application at the society's office, No. 80, Swanston-strect. ¡.The applicatioas;for the office of superintendent were laid upon tho table, and a sub-committee wappointed to examine them, and report to tho next I council meeting. Tho council acknowledge I with thanks the receipt of one porcupine, from Miss .Elizabeth Kennon, of Louedalc Btreet; two pigeonB, from Mr. N. Kinsman, of Moor-street ; one nativo bear, from Mr. Tom Chew, of Princess street ; ten magpies, from the Borough Council of Sandhurst ; aud one Japanese dog, from Mr. John Eobortson, of Lonsdalo-strcct east. After a very hot and sultry morning, Mel- bourne was visited yesterday, at about h'ilf past one o'clock, by a shower of rain of unuEual heavlne23, coming from tho west Avard. The state of Elizabeth and Swanston streets sreedily became one of high flood, tho former in particular being inundated to a height not often reached. The usual number of incidents and accidents connected with unfortunate attempts to cross the flooded street, afforded great amusement to unsympa thising lookers-on. An accident occurred at tho corner of Elizabeth and Bourke street which, however, seemed at one time likely to be Eeiious. By some means a vehicle, in turning the corner on the higher or northern side of Bouikc street, capsized, and the driver, in attempting to get to land, jumped into the middle of the stream and was swept along by tbo torrent. After drifting across the street, , he managed in passing to grasp the foot- bridge across the gutter, and held on stoutly until rescued by some persons near. In the meantime some other persons had kept the I horso's head atovo water, and ultimately tho animal AVBS got urou his feet. Tho shower was only of brief duration, but was followed by successive light falls of rain at intervals during the afternoon. At night the rain re- commenced, but not heavily. The half-yearly meeting of the Eaglehawk Mining Association, Tarrengower, was held at the company's offices, 87 Market-streev,, yesterday. Mr. M. Keogh presided. From the report read by the secretary, it appears that during the month of January 1,423 tons of stone had teen crushed, of which 1,410 tons were for tho public, and nina tons, being a trial cmshing from the ninety-Let level. In addition to this, eleven tons of ta'liugs had been passed through Goulding's pitsnt aiastro, which yielded close on five and a half ounces of gold. The receipts for tho pist half-year had b:on £747 9j. lid., and the ex I enditare £749 18s. Id. The association has still cash in hand to the amount of £120 15,3. Öd. Durins tho half-year ending 31st Janu- ary 8,853 tons of stone had beon ciushcd, of wbich 7,632 tons were for the public, and 1,221 tons from the association's ground. The latter quantity of stone yielded 161oz.8dwt. of gold. Thosmallneäs of this yield is ac- counted for by tho fact that a considerable poition of the stuff crushed consisted of sur- face stuff, banks, &o.; One parcel of tsn tons yielded over seventeen ounces, and another of eight tons yielded eight ounces nino penny- weights; a third parcel of six tons yielded neailysix ounces, and a small one of four tons gave a return of over four ounces. The report closed by rccopitulating an arrange- ment which had been made with the profèrent shareholders, and in accordance with this arrangement the board recommended the re- pa j ruent to them of JE33G 63. lid. Tho report aud balance-sheet ware adopted. Messrs. William Bayley, Charles Day, Henry Elder, Michael Keogh, Joseph L'Estrangu, Samuel Lowe, and William Salter, wereelccted a com- mittee of management for the ensuing half year, McEsia. T. G. Goold and It. M. John- ston were t.re-electd auditois for tho same perlcd; and Avith a vota of thanks to the cLairman, the meeting terminated. Tho following telegiam from Sydnay has been forwarded to us fur publication : " Riverine debate renewed. Dangar and Lackey opposed, Gordon supported, resolu- tions. Darvall spoke strongly against sepa- ration, but advocated fair appraisement and fixity of tenure for squatters' leases. Martin promised a judgo; and fair apportionment of revenue for clearing rivers and making wells. Ho denied Equatteia' legal right to renewal of lenses. Dalgleish denounced the Écheme as Eclüsh. Lucas advocated county councils. Suttor would vota for the first (subordinate pioAiuce), and several of the other re3olution3. Stewaii opposed the resolutions. Cummings spoke infavourofflxiiy of tsnure and theoxten sion of railways. Egan recommended the with drawal of the motion and the appointment of a committee. Eobtrtson reiterated his opinion that the squatters had a right to a renewal of their leases, subject to an appraiseineat every fivo years. Dr. Lang spoke in favour of se- paration. Morris replied, and tho preA'ious question was carried by twenty-seven to cleAcn-Mtssrj. Gordon, Mate, Cowpar, jua., Moiris, EagriD, Dr. Lang, Driver, Sutherland, Mate, Busden, Garrett." A lecture will be delivered nt eight o'clock this evening in St. Mark's Sckdolrooj?, George-3trcct, Fitzroy, before tho Fitzroy Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associa- tion, by the Eev. Dr. Cairns, on "The Mowats Account of Creation." Admission free. Tho Head-quarters Band will play this afternoon, at the Fitzroy-gardens, the fol- lowing pieces of music :-1. Grand March, Meyerbeer ; 2. Quadrille (Zampa), Jullien; 3\. Overture (Straddla), Flotow; 4 Grand selection (Marino Fallero) Donizetti;5. Waltz (Die Werber), Lanner; 6. Grand selection (Bohemian Girl), Balfe; 7. Galop (Rosalien), Kühner ; "God Save the Queen." The usual monthly meeting of the Horti- cultural Society of Victoria was held yester doy, at tho Mechanics' Institution, Dr. Mueller in the chair. There was alai go at- tendance of the commiUce. ïho minutes of the previous meeting having been road and .confiinicd, and tho correspondent cone I -ihiougb, the report of the Garden Committca WBB brought up, and at its suggest'on it was decided to appoint a deputation to wait upon j the Government lo brins under ih no'ico the ?claims ot the Ecclety for a grant in a'd. A.t this period, Dr. Mueller buin_ obllicd to leave to attend another appointment, Mr. R. K. _Iammond took the cka'r. The usual .l)UBÍncss having boen disposed of, tho judges for tho exhibition on the 20\h, inst, we'a ap- pointed, and a commitico chosan to carry oat tho same. A large quan'lty of fiait wasle'd on tho table by various merni; 3M. Mr. Oula exhibited several seedling r/sars, amongst which tho following woie named:-CoVs -Enmmcr crassanne, rjfcot, beurre, and Vic- torien bersamot. Mr. Roberts a'so had an excellent seedling apple, which was named "Victoria uonpav.c'1. Evening service wts pssformci last even- ing at St. Paul's Ohuich, Swanston- strcoi;, after which a sermon was pieaohcd by the Hight Hov. J. 0. Pattcson, D.D., missionary hishop for the Melanc-.lan lal inda. A public meeting will be held to-moieovv evening, at St. George's Hall, when the hi 'hop w11' give a detailed rcoonnt of his mi-, "on. An unfortunate accident resulting in the death by drowning of William Mais, aged eleven years, son of Mr. G. M. Mais of South Yarra, engineer to tho Melbourne Railway, formed the subject of an inquest, held st South Yarra yesterday, before Mr. Candler, the dis trict coroner. A lad named Robert Doney said he was with the deceased at about a quarter past six o'clock on Tuesday. De- ceased was fishing in the river, near the rail- way bridge, on the Melbourne line. As a train was coming along deceased, to avoid being seen by his father, whom he believed to be in the train, ran on to the lowest ledge of the railway bridge. "While running, he over- balanced himself and slipped and fell into the water. Witness saw him in the river, and as deceased called out "help," witness ran down to the bank near where he was, and held out his fishing-rod towards him but be failed to catch hold of it. A man from the adjoining tannery then came up, and jumped into the river, but just at that time the deceased sank, and rose no more. Another man also arrived, and dived two or three times, but could not recover the body. Another lad, named Fin kell Barnard, gave a similar account of the accident. Police Constable Fahey proved re- covering the body at half past ten o'clock the same evening. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidentally drowned." An inquest was held yesterday at the Mol .bourno Hoepited, before the city coroner, «pon the body of Mary Manning, a;ed fif- teen months, whod'ed on Tuesday last. Mar- garet Lr-dy, living in Lon-daic-strcoi, near io tho parents of the deceased, said she knew tre mother of the child, and orten eW her drunk. She often went away from hei home, leaving the children tbero alone. Witnce3 saw tho deceased was vcy ill all lait week. 'On Saturday night Mr. Murphy, the landlord of the house occupied by tho Mannings, got ?witness to &o; to the houso and look after the child. She found her lying in L.d a'ohe ; she was crying, and was ina deplorable state from dirt aud neglect. Tho child was very cold. The mother came back at midnight, and witness gave her the child. Sho w«i not iobcr. Eliza Tyler, alto living in tho same neighbourhood, said the child was brought io her house on Saturday night by M . Murphy's directions, and remained there until midnight. Witness corroborated tho descrip- tion given by tho last witness of the sad con- dition of the deceased at the time, John Murphy, hafore Bpoken of, stat 3d that the patents of tho child had been living in MB house for two yea«. The father was a steady, hard- working man ; the mother was a drunkard. On Saturday night, finding the children loft alone and the de- cca1 ed very ill begot one of the neighbour; to take care of her. Ho was then going te his house, when ho saw the mothci of the child in the street carrying a tin can. She did not go home, but went into a house ol bad repute in tho neighbourhood. Witness theu went and told the father (who is t street fiuitseller) of tho state of tho chUdrei and the neglect of their mother. Thoma' Manning, tho father of tho decease!, statee the child was taken ill at the beginning o last January. She wai attended by a medica oman, and got quite well. During la't montl ehohad a relapse, and witnees wished his wift to take her to the hospital, but she vvoult not. His wife bad been constantly drunk .pawning everything she could get to spew the proceeds in dunk, She had been sent ti gaol three times for drunkenness. Oa Tuei day morning, ho insiEt:d upon tiro mothe taking the child to tho hospital, which eh did, and brought back Lome medicines for ii It died at eleven o'elock on tho samo daj His wife had never bien without tho moans c prccuring fcod for the children. Mr. D. G Boberlson, a resident Burgoon at the hospita mid tho child was dying when brought t the hospital on the previoui day by tb mother. He gavo time medicine, au told the mother if the child WJ alive when r_e got home, to give ne Bomo wine. Ho had made a post-mortem exi ruination of tie body, and found that tb caueo of death was dysentary. Tho child he: evidently been much neglected. Tho verdie of the jury WOB that " Tho deceased dkd fror dyfente-ry and the neglect of th8 mother, an the jury find the mother, Ellen Maanioi .guilty of the manslaughter of her child." A fulul accident of a s'ngalor charastt tcok place at Dettli ant's Puat across ti Saltwater Uiver, near Fcotscray, on Monds .eveuin1;, at EÍX o'clock. A man named Joh Dav'dson was crocing the punt in charge a mob of bullocks, when ho was " iU3hed" I one of the bullocks, pitohed over into ti liver, and drowned bofore «ny assistam cou'd be icndcred him. A travelling hawker, calling kimse .Michael Burns, WPS arrested on Monday, : Lucky Womans, by Constable Boyne. Ila suspected (says the Ballarat Stir) to be ti JhUEband of Mary Burke, murdered atEppin in Si ptemfcer, 1858. The prisonor will b3 fe raided to Ballarat" l!r¡<. Badcock begs us to acknowled MeBSre. Bright Brothers' subscription of fi guineas to the Bagged-school in Lit' Bouikc-street west. The hon. member for Creswick (Mr. Frazi mndu his Hist appearance in the Legislati Assembly for the eeesiou last evening. At tho Emerald-hill Polico Court jestordt James O'Brien, of tho Limerick Arms, Wes JîayiP, of the Hit-or-Mh-s, J. 8. Hill, oft Clarendon, and Wm. J. Coxon, of the Qu Britain, hotel-keepers, were summoned Sergeant Ellis for keeping tholr liceos howes open on Sanday for tho salo of liquc Tho defendants wcro each fined 20a, with 'Cd. coits. Tho3. Boll, for allowing two go: to wander, was lined Gs" and 2s. Gd. coots, .«bargo against Robert Evans, a cab-diiv .of plying for biro off the stind, was d niibud; Lut for making uso of abusive a intuiting language to the policeman, ho vi ?fined 10s, and 2s. ed. costs. David Reimt another car- driver, waa summoned by i IcEfce of the Sandridge road toll for tiying erode pay mont. TLo defendant drovo rapU through the g.to without paying, and on 1 tolliuan calling out to him. ho throw 1 monty on the road, but complainant refui to tfke it np. Afino of 2j.CJ, with 2s. costs, was inflicted. The remaining ca were of a trifling nature. Messrs. Finlay, Haig, and Thistlethwa'to were the magls tiatcs on tho bench. - The Central Committee for Belief of Suf- ferers by the late Floe Js announce subscrip- tions amounting to £1,40314s. The adjourned meeting will ho held this day, at the Town hall, at one o'clock. A tea-meeting in connexion with the Emotald-bill Congicsational Ohurch wai held on Tuesday evening, In the hall of the Mechanics' Itstitute, to welcome the Rev. Chalks S. Y. Prica to the pastorate The hall AVES tastefully decorated with floweis and evergreens. Upwards of CCO ladies and gen- tlemen sat down to tea. At the ter- mination of the ícpast, the secretary of tho chmch read tho call (which was sigacd by all the members), and presentod it to the new pastor, who replicl in an appropriate eddress ; alter which, the Itevs. -T. P, Sunder- land (chairrcau), J. C. Macmichael, A, Morlson, - Jackson, and A. Graman, ad- dressed the meeting. At the Sandridge Police Court yestjrday, Mr. W. A. C. A'Bcckett on the beach, a woman named Margaret Ann Moloy was fined £1, with lho alternativo of a Avaak's impr'sonment, for Laving ruado UBO of ob- ree no and threatening language in a public place. The prieoner bad besn previously con % victcd of a similar offence. A mau named William Macaboy was brought up on warrant, cbaigcd with having desert-d his wife. Trie conBidoiat'on of tho case was postponed unt 1 to-day, at tho request of tho polio3 and of the clerk to the solicitor for the prosecu- tion, who wes prevented by business else- where from attending the court in time to proceed. If satisfactory bail ti the extent of two 6urctic3 of £25 each could bo found, the prisoner Avas to bj rstat liberty until the cse is called on to-day. At the annual election of assessors and auditors at HaAvlborn, on 1st March, Medra. J. de la Koche Brasg anti Frauds Whit- man were elected assessors, and James Fer- gusson and Henry S. Hammond auditors. For the Borcondara Hoad District, Messis. Thomas K. Rhodes and William J. WrUis ATcre elected auditor?. On Monday, 29lh ult, the adjourned ca:e3 under the Scab AoN of Mecsrs. Trainor and De-wden, Avere decided by the Polico Bench, Kilmore. These gentlemen had been found in po:session of unlicensed scabby bheep by tho inspector of tho Melbourne district. On bis arriving at their houces and notifying to them that he wei about to examine their flocks, they applied for a licence to clean thom. The inspector declared that it was noAv f ;o late to apply, that ho had come to examine the flocks, und refused to grant the licence. No money for such licences Aval tendered. The Bench at Kilmore ha\e de- cided, after twenty-eight days' delay, that such licences should have b:en granted, even, without payment of tbe 3d. per head, tA-en Avhen the dtecoveiy is made by the insp.ctsr and not volunteered by the owner of scabbv sheep, A correspondent Avritc3 apropos to t . i decision :-" The Bench at Kilmore invariably resist the ojtsratiou of the Scab Act in every ¡articular, and hitherto their decisions have ahvoys been overruled in favour of the in- spector by the Supreme Court or Attorney Gcneibl. As the above decision completely np:ets the Scab Act, the inspestor declared in court he would recommend tho Govern- ment to order a caso to be stated by the Bench." At tho Geelong Police Court ynterday, a young man named Thomas Reynolds, ab jut nineteen years of age, was examined on a charge of committing a murderous assault upon an old man named James Hunter, by h:ating him on tho head and b:dy with a bludgeon, and thereby breaking one of h's arms. Several wituesccs were examined, and the prisoner was remanded for one week, for further evidence. During the examination of one of the witnesses', a boy named James LonghIÍD,it bceamo manifest to the Bench I that be was not telling tho truth, and he we-3 cat-cbiscd on his idea of tho sanctity of an I oath, when he gave the following answers te questions put to him by the Bench :-" I de not know what the nature of an oath ia I do rot know what the penalty for tell- ing a lie is. I don't know that there is any punishment for telling lies. I de not knoAv where I shall go to if I tell lies, I tai not re ad. I do not know the difference bi tween the tiuthond a lie. Ido not know that it will moke any difference whether I spcok the tiuth or not. I am thirteen yean of age. My father and mother did not BOJ anything to me about what I was to say he« this morning, only to tell the truth. Thej ntAertold me to ask for my expenses. I am telling some of tho truth. I do not know thai it is light to tell the truth, and wrong te tell a lie. I am after telling the truth. 1 don't know the difference between the trutl and a lie. My mother did tell mo to.ask foi my expenses," &o.; Tho Castlemaine Daily JWeics learns that t melancholy accident occurred on Tuesday te a young man who wes shooting in tho bush near Taradale. "By some means, not ex- plained, the gun went off accidentally, and tho contents were lodged in the young man't body. Assistance was immediately obtained and on attempt was made to take him home to Chewton, where his mother resides, but he died on the Avay." Wallace's chaiminR opera of " Maritana' was performed at the Haymarket last even ing, fcr the benefit of Miss Clelia Howson, bul the meed of patronage which Bhould havi been accorded to this youthful and promisin¡ artiste was somewhat rudely interfered witl by the ungcnial state of the weather. In si far as the pcrfoimance itself was concerned however, the opera was a great Buccess, ane tended to establish mote than over the claim of the leading players to public favour ani appreciation. The opera was given witl almost the same cast as recently, Mr. Fran' Howson assuming the part formerly taken b; Mr. Wharton-that of Don Jc3o. The per formance this evening Is for tho benefit of Mr Walter Sherwin. "A new industry, and apparently a ver; trofitablo one, developed itself in this towi yeateiday,'' £ays tho Ararat Advertiser, " it tho shape of a hive hawker, or hawker of b;e; The ap'ailan, if we may BO call hi-n sold thi Avhole of his stock in the eourso of a fev hours at veiy good pricec-¡£1 5J. per biv being the standard price. Thom was quit a lush for tho novel wares by tho ownora e gardens who were fortunato enough to bo ii time." The contract between Mr. Crosbie Wau on the part of the Now Zealand Government and the Intercolonial Royal Mall Steamshi Con-paDy, for the conveyance of mails .bi tween Panama and Now Zealand, is publishc atUcngth in the Dunedin paper;. Tho detail however, add little to the information c which the public are already in possesBioi It is contracted that Wellington is to be th port of call in Now Zealand of the occa steamers. These vessels aro to sail from Wcl ];f glen on the 7th, and from Panama on th 25th of each month, and to mako tho voyag fiom l'Oit to port in 720 hours. The sei vie Î6 to commence on the 1st of March, 18G5, an to (eiminate on the 28th Febiuary, 1870, twoyearB'notice of an intention to pata end to the agreement had bsen previousl given by either of the contracting partie Three ste¿in vesiels, of not leas than 1.2C0 tor buiiben and at least 2S0 horje-poiver, aro t carry on tho servlco (monthly trip3 each way) until tho Lt of September, 1865, when a fourth vcesel will bo added. Penalties are to be impo'cd at the rate of £100 for every deloy of twenty-four hours attributable to the fault of the company (at the determina- tion of the PostmBBter-Ueneral) ; bat tho cumulative penalties aro not to exceed £2,025 for any one voyoge ¡ and a premium of X1C3 ii to b3 paid to the company for every twenty-four hours saved in tho transit of the mails. The intercolonial branch of the ser- vice is to be performed by a sufficient number of steam verséis, of not less than 350 tons and seventy boree-power. For the main service the annual pajment is tb amount to £63,000, payable monthly, after the performanco of the first monthly voyogo each way; and for the ¡ inteiprovinc'a'. cervico £0,000 is to be paid j per annum ; but if tho distance run exceed 5,000 btatutu mile3 per month, the excessive mileage is to bo paid for at the rate of Si. ¡ per mile. The whole of the pelages aro to be '" paid over to the New Zealand Government. It is alco provided that the Intercolonial Stecm Company aro to receivo tho first offer ' for the performance, "on reasonable tarins and conditions," of any iitercolonial or in tcrproviucißl sendees that may hereafter bo < required. Tho ejectment case Rochford v. Jackson is nowceoupjing the attention of Mr. Justice Williams and a special jury of twelve at,the Supreme Court. The property forming the subject of the action is in Elizabeth-street and includes the Limoiick Cfstle Hotel. The plaintiff is James Rcehford, who claims as heir at-law of his uncle, Charlei Rcehford, of Melbourne, deceased. The actual defendants oro the Australian Trust Company, to whom tho property was mortgaged for £2,5CD by Michell Shananan, who claims as heir-at law to Charles Rochford'a wife. In this de- fence is involved the validity of a will exe- cuted in Augutt, 1S58, by which Charles Rochford left the whole of his property to his wife and her hulls. The case for the plaintiff closed about noon yeiterday. St. David's Day was not observod in Mel- bourne on this occaùon with so much coro moDy as on some previous occasions. A number of the sons of Gwalla and their friends, however, assembled onTuenday even- ing, at Watkins's Carlton Club Hotel, to par tako of the good things provided in honour of the event, and to listen to the performances upon the harp of the Welsh Society's bard, Mr. T. Morgan, of Williamstown. Tho chair was filled by Mr. Thomas Miles ; and amongst the company were some gentlemen well known in connexion with Kyrnrio litera- ture, and members of the Legiblutivo As st nilly. An agreeable evening was spont ; lcjti' and patriotic Fpeechiu, songs, and recitations adapted to national gatherings of cur musical fellow-colonists, filling up the evening. An inquest was held yesterday, at Carlton, hythe city coroner, upon the body of Catherine Magner, aged two years, daughter of Thornes Magner, a storeman. It appeared from tho evidence that on the previous day the deceased waa playing upetuhj with two ulhír children, when they suddinlyleft her, and ran down stairs to go to schcol. As sho attempted to follow them she stumble i, and foil to tt-o bottom of the Blairs. It was thought at tho time that she was not much hurt, but some horns aftern ards it was found necessary to procure a doctor. The deceased died the next morning, at two o'clock. Verdict, " D.ath from concussion of the brain, caused by au accidental foil down stairs." We have received the Australian Medical Journal for March. The number is more than usually medical, the only portions having other than professional interest being a paper read before the Medical Society of Victoria by Mr. Allan, resident surgeon at the Yarra Bend Asylum, "On tte General Paralysis of the Insane;" and a short paper, entitled "The Medical Act and its Enforcement." The Land Bill occupied the Legislativo As- sembly fíom half-past seven o'clock till mid- night yterday. The 19th clause was the sul jeet of a protip-.ted discussion and various amendments. Mr. Gillies proposed to sub- stituto for the provision in tho clause thal whtn three-fourths of an area pre jlaim- i foi selection bad been taken up, tho remaining fourth might be sold by auction. This amend meut was negatived by nineteen to sixteen. Mr. M'C¿nn then propoeed that land pro claimed shocld bo open for three years in place cf ono year. This amendment wai also negatived by nineteen to sixteen. Mr ne¿l°s acc3ptcd an amendment by Mr. Mac gregor, limiting to áOO.CCO acres tho amounl oCland which might be sold in ono year ir the unselectcd areas, and the clause ai amended was agreed to ; coveral clauses of i foimel character were subsequently agreed to and progrees was reported. The bill will bi aga'n proceeded with this evening. 