THE LATE REV. J. A. MANTON. The remains of the Rev John Allen Manton were interred in the Wesleyan cemetery, Parramatta, on the 10th Sep- tember. Mr. Manton was one of the oldest Wesleyan ministers in the Australian colonies, and his piety, ability, and devotion have endeared his name to that denomination. Mr Manton was held in the highest estlimation, and it need hardly be said that his death is deeply deplored, more especially by the members of his own communion The deceased gentleman came to the colony in the year 1831, and after labouring for a year or two at Parramatta, he was stationed in Tasmania. Mr. Manton's ministrations at Macquarie Harbour, a settlement on the western coast of the island, and at Port Arthur, on the southern coast, were attended with the most gratifying and suocessful results. For many years Mr Manton was the president of Horton College, a training establishment in the interior of the island, which he organised and brought to a very prosperous maturity. About five years ago Mr Manton returned to this colony, and took charge of the Newington Collegiate institu- tion from its initiation. He rendered important and valuable service to the Wesleyan Church in these colonies in the formation and direction of these educational establish- ments. Mr. Manton became seriously unwell about six months ago, and he died at half-past five o'clock on Friday morning, the 9th September, of dropsy supervening on disease of the heart. The deceaseed was in the fifty-eighth year of his age and the thirty-fifth of his ministry. After a short service, con- ducted at Newington, on Saturday, the funeral procession left for Parramatta about two o clock and arrived at the chapel at half past three. The coffin having been carried into the chapel, portions of the burial service were read by the Rev. S. Rabone, prayer being offered by the Rev. G. Hurst. The Rev R. Mansfield delivered a brief address on the occasion, which he said was one peculiarly touching to his feelings, as it was deeply impressive on the hearts of his hearers. Thirty three years ago it was his privilege to number the departed among his choicest friends, and throughout that long interval all that he had seen and heard and known of his departed brother had but served to confirm thec prepossessions which the earliest moment of their acquaintance produced, to deepen his heart's love for him, and to raise him still higher in his esteem and respect. In the strictest and noblest sense of the term, without adulation, he was a good man, fall of faith and of the Holy Ghost. Did it not seem a mysterious providence that in his riper years, when all his mental and moral powers seemed to have reached their fullest vigour-when he was calledî to occupy an important sphere-that at that critical period in his interesting history, the last enemy should be permitted to lay hold of him and drag him down to the silent mansions of tho dead?' For him to live undoubtedly was Christ, and for bim to die was rich superlative gain. The rev gentleman remarked on the Christian's power to triumph over death, and he asked were they not reminded of their mortality? " Our fathers, where are they? The prophets-do they live for ever? ' Death came into their sacred ranks and took hold of one and another, saying to thoso who survived, "Prepare to meet thy God." The preacher then earnestly exhorted the youthful portion of his auditory to make their "calling and election sure " They had seen how Christians lived in the example of their dear preceptor, over whose ashes they mourned, and they had seen how be died, triumphing in redeeming love, happy in the clear and cloudless prospect of immortality, and he beckoned them to follow. Let them all gird themselves anew to the fight of faith, and so gather under the banners of the Cross, that ere long victory might crown their brows. The service, at whioh there was a good number of persons present, having been concluded, the body waa borne to the hearse, and at twenty minutes past four o'olook the mournful pro- cession moved slowly forward to the graveyard. The students of the college went first, next followed ministers of the denomination with other persons who walked, and they wero succeeded by the hearse, the mourning coaches, and a long train of other vehicles. The route taken was along Church-street, and most of the shops in that thorough- fare were partly closed. Besides the clergymen already named, there were present the Rev R L King (Church of Englandj) and the following ministers of the Wesleyan communion -the Revs B. Chapman, J. Bickford, W Curnow. R. W. Vanderkiste, W.B. Brookes, G. Martin, J. Oram, C. W. Rigg, and - Moore. Among the laymen who attended were the Mayor of Sydney, the Hon. George Allen, M L C , Mr J Caldwell, M. L. A. , Mr W. Love, M.L.A. , Dr Moflitt, and Messrs J. and W. Byrnes. The grave yard was reaohed shortly before five o'clock, and the remaining sentences of the burial service were there read by the Rev. S Rabone. The mourners lingered around the grave for awhile, and then sorrowfully dispersed. 