M I S C E L L A II E O US. ?itii.-:.- ? ^ --? ?. - ? An luisBai^ii's Claiks pob. Exemption.— The Providence Journal rucrjrds tha ^ following:— An Irishman who had been drafted called upon one of our lawyers on Saturday and desired to have ' papurs prepared, claiming exemption from mili tary service for the sevanl reiisons which he named— 1. That be was the only son of a widow dependent upon bim fur support. 2. That his fiither was in such infirm henlth ait to be unable to get Ills own living. 3. That he had two brothers Hlready in the service. All these fucts Patrick desired then and there to verify by affi davit. . . ?.?:?? A Glut of Diamonds. — The possessors of fine diamonds will be sorry to learn thnt there is now a glut in the market of the crystallised carbon, the use of which Clowned beads liuve hitherto almost monopolised. The Sultan's diamonds are nearly nil in the market. As few can afford to buy such things in Turkey except that potentate, his gems, when brought to the hammer, naturally find their way into tbe wealthy capitals of the west. The late sule of the diamonds of the Portuguese kings, kept as specie in the Bank of Lisbon, has increased the glut caused by the Bale in Constantinople. — Paris Letter. The Thieves' Haevest- — The following ex tract from a contribution furnished to one of the daily papers by its sporting correspondent will bIiow how strongly the swell mob must have mustered at the races held nt Tunbiidge Wells last week. At Tun bridge we had a really capi tal. meeting; but there was such a demonstra tion of London thieves that it. wits almost us dif ficult to keep one's purse or oue'd watch as at a prize-fight. Oue gentleman was eased of his 'ticker,' and wisely' sent an ambassador to negotiate with some- of the recognised leaders of tli« pickpockets .for its return. For £10 they offered to give brick the watch, but coolly added that they must have a correct description of the article, as. they 'had got suuk a lot' they did not know bow to identify nny particular watch by an ordinary description. The gentlemen sent thefcllows the necessary description and a ' tenner,' and the watch was at once sent buck. This is the only way to recover a watch lost oti the race-course; the Police Gazette and the Hue and Cry are all nonsense. This statement, be it remembered, is supplied by a turf reporter, and Lot, as may lie imagined, by one holding puri tanical views upon the questiou of horse-racing. STflEfeT SWEGPEItS SuPEUSEDEO BY CaiNOUNjS. —A lany was ineraiiy sweeping along the boulevards one Very dirty dny last week. Sho had a crinoline ami a train yards wide by yards long, and left it track on tlm wet asphalte like that made on a calm seu by a cutter. As she sailed ovei a very ilirty classing ai the corner of tbe Rue du Hrlder, itu old i-x-suldier, who was assisting another veteran in splashing the passers by with mud, under pretence of cleaning the street, paused from his labour and called to his fellow-workman, ' Halt and present arms, my brave, there goes our superior in the sweep ing trade,' uud tbe two old soldiers presented 'brooms' to tliii astonished lady. I have a a faint vision of having heitrd it whispered that crinolines were ' gbiug out,' but they have taken to themselves trains also, and are larger, more inconvenient, aud more ungiacefnl than «ver. A well-dressed FrenchwomHU must turn lierself round three times, and roll herself up like a mummy, if she. would get into a cariiage. —Paris Correspondent of Vie Telegraph. Loud Brougham. — The young Prince and tbe old Chancellor were the most remarkable of tbe personages' at the late gathering in E linliurgh. It was hard ou fruice Alfred to require him 'to do' the Social Science Congress in the midst of the vacation. But once having accepted the task, he performed it thoroughly. Addiesses, sections, meetings, conversazioni — ho attended them all; let us hope that a tit of mental indi gestion may not he the result. The Council owe bim no small thanks, for evidently he was with many the chief attraction of tbe meeting. At the -conversazioni, where he good-naturedly ap peared in the Highland divs:!, the Social Society ladies, more plentiful this year than ever, swarmed round him, like bees round a honey jar. But indefatigable as was the Prince, the old Pre sident fairly beat him. He looked more infirm than lost year, and— a confession of age which lias never been extorted from him before ? he condescended to read a great part of his inaugu ral address by proxy. But this was the only item in which he shirked. Day after day he was ubiquitous— dining, discussing, complimenting everywhere. At the monster working men's meeting he was audible throughout the huge building, and almost eloquent. Once only be broke down. Iu moving a vote of thanks to one of the sectional presidents for his address, he auttmpiea to icier to ijora i^yntinursc s aeatu ; but after vainly trying to force the words out through hi» broken sobs, he was compelled to sit down. His conduct iu the chair at the clos ing meeting was a wonderful display of octo genarian power. A fit of temporary insanity had seized the assembly, the wildest notions were made and the most outrageous nonsense talked; occasionally the uproar was tremendous, but the old man, clear, prompt, and full of fact, eventually brought back all parties to common EeDse and good humour. — Atlierwum A Loyal Eu.wbdo. — Sir Walter Raleigh, and that business of the. cloak and the puddle. What are we tosay about that affair? May we claim Sir 'Walter for'* humbug? Surely he knew what be was about wheu he made that celebrated ertul move of his. He knew that it would pay— pay for a new cloak, pay for the refurbishing of the old one. I shouldn't on the least surprised if the cloak Was ah old one. Or perhaps it .was a garment to which the owner 'had taken ft dislike. Such things happen. I have myself ia coat which never did aud never will behave about the collar; which I would cheerfully cast into a puddle if I could get a reasonable bpporluuity, ' Then one would like to know about the exact nature of that histo rical puddle. If it |Was not a very wet puddle, it would not do no very much damage. But even supposing .it did, could not Sir Walter wear it after all, 'saying that that stain was the garment's proudeBt'decoration, and should never be effaced?.; TEE&IBLE; JSUFFEBISOS OF CONTRABANDS.— A Sew . York paper, publishes a letter from the agent of the 'Western Freedmen's Aid Com mission, dated Memphis, August 11th, furnish ing a terrible picture of sufferings of tbe poor contrabands :-r-' There is the greatest destitu tion and suffering among the coloured people ; ot :VicksburgI have heard of. It far exceeds what 1 witnessed her.-, last winter. Their Dumber is estimated at thirty thousand, though no accurate estimate can be made, in their present condition, and their number will pro- bably exceed that. They are under no organisa- yet; the men assigned to that duty are nearly all sick and the blacks are dying and rotting on the top of the ground. I found them lying on the sidewalks, in the streets, and on the ground around town, exposed to the scorching noou-dny sun, too sick to get op;; They tiad nothing to eat for days. Some were BorrotLnded by the bodies of others thnt, froni^npjsa&ticc-;, had been dead two or three days, aiiaywere In an advanced state of decomposition. One company of 1200 had been without anything toeAt for over four days. I approacheiiriodividuals that were unable to raise their head's from the ground, wilh the dead bodies of their friends close, by them, while they would cast such an- imploring look up into my face, wilh ' Please, masaa, can't you rauve me from this place? I have had nothing to eat for two, three, or four dnys,' what ever the time may have been. I would wish I ini^bt never see &gnin; EucU scenes. Their tuf ferings can't be told.' Weatuee Wisdom. -Its Importance. — He was in a nierchnnl ship — the David Malcolm, an chored in the harbour of Mercy, at the western most end of Magellan Strait. Land-locked in a small and smooth water harbour, under very lofty and steep ranges of heights, the captain of that ship (then homeward bound from New Zuthuiri) thought the sboitest scopebf cable utid the lightest anchor quite sumniuut. He neither had, nor cared for, a barometer. This mnn kept no log going while crossing the ocean., but navi gated by oue indifferent uhinuotneter, which his steward noted below, when this character stamped oit the deck— twice to look out, and then once for a single sisht (observation) of the sun— never more! Anchored thus, with all yards and masts aloft, as arrived fiorn se^ (April 11} he would have gone to sleep, as usual — though the writer's two sympiesometcrs then told him a storm approached, therefore iiy per suasion he did induce this Captaiu Cable to send down light spars, point yards, and veer chain; besides getting a second anchor ready. Then the skipper made himself happy, in his own peculiar way, below— and was soon so sound asleep us not to be seen again tb it night. Fast, ami to a low degree, the monitors sunk, till at midnight they were down to twenty-eight inches and a fraction. Aided by a good officer and a few willing men, the writer (whosu f.vtaily were on board) got the second anchor lei go. aud cable veered,— then waited. The night was beautiful, clear, and still moonlight. Everyone thought him mistaken. But about two o'clock, as he w.is watching in confidence, a roar was hrard' on the western heights; aud iu a few minutes that ship was nearer on her bi-am eniis than at aiiy time, whun under sail, on her pas sage. A white dense cloud of driven water, as hij;h as the lower yards, ciime wilh the torrent of wind,, 'and nothing'-could besuen — or heard but the roar — till the ship righted us she swuug to her anchors, dragging them both across the hntbour, but just holding on, within a stone's throw of sharp grunite rocks astern, at some distance from land, near the must exposed outer point uf the harbour. Had that ship been taken unprepared, not a soul would have been saved, in all human, probability ; only Gail's providence could hive rescued anyone in so d subite, wild, ?and savage a country. — Filzroy's Wcatlier Book. Fearful Cboelth'S by Chinese Troops — A correspondent, who signs himself ' An Eyewit ness' writes us follows to a Shanghai paper:— About VI o'clock a.m. on Iheday following the capture of Taitssn [Sunday, May 3] seven pii EuoiTd were brought into, the Imperial caujp near VVy-con sin, lieing stripped perfectly naked They were each tied to a stake and tortured with the most refined cruelty. Arrows appear to hive been forcibly driven into various parts of their bodies— head, region of the huitrL. abdo men, &c.; — from whence issued copious streams of dlooii' This moile of ioi turn fallimr slum ,,r satiating the demoniacal spirit of their tormeut ois, recourse was had to other meaus. Strips of flesh were cut, or rather backed (judging from the appearance presented, the instrument was too blunt to cut) from different parts of their bodies, which, hanging by a small portion of skin, presented an appearance truly horrible, in no case, however, were their eyes injured, as stated by the person who signs himself 'Justice and lleicy-' For hours these wretched beings writhed in agony. About sunset they were led lorth, more dead than alivu, by a biulul execu tioner, who, sword in hand, thirsting to imbrue his handj in blooil, seemed the very incarnation of a fiend. Seizing his unfortunate victims, be exultiugly dragged them fotth, mocking and in sulting mem, aud then, bj heiviug, hacking, and using a sawing motion, be succeeded eventually in putting an end to their sufferings. In con clusion, I would ask you, Mr. Editor, if in af fording aid to the imperialist cause, and in per mi tiug British officers to enter the service of ibe Einperoi of China, are wb not morally res ponsible for ihese atrocities if we do not raise our voices against, and show our abhorrence of, such revolting barbarities? Possessing, as our Minister at Fekin does, the confidence of the Imperial Government, could not his powerful influence be exercised in the cause of humanity, and remonstrances addressed to those in uu thority, which might prevent a recurrence of similar cruelties on prisoners taken by troops commanded by a British officer? Loeb Clyde's Bequest io General Vinot. — In a codicil to hU will, datud 23rd of May last, the late Lord Clyde thus expresses hims.lf in re ference to the above distinguished French General, now commanding the 1st Division of the army of Paris: —I give -and bequeath t» Liutenaut Uenr-ral Vinoy, commanding a divi sion iu the French array, and my old and beloved comrade in the Crimea, the sum of live hundred pounds, as u token of my especial esteem and regard.' During tlie Crimean campaign General Vinoy, commanded a body of French troops placed near those commanded by Sir Colin Campbell at Balaclava. Ou several occasions difficult and perilous duties were con fided to their united forces. The upshot was a warm and lasting friendship between the two generals, whose example contributed much to tbe eslablishnieutof that thorough good under standing, kindly feeling, and mutual admira tion, which marked tho intercouise of the Zouaves und Highlanders throughout tho Crimean War, V we are not misinformed, a portrait of General Vinoy, painted expressly foi Qu.en Victoria, now hangs in her Majesty's writing closet at Windsor Castle, us companion picture to that of his comrade in aims. Sir Colin Campbell. At the assault and capture of the the Malakoff, General Vinoy greatly distin guished himself, aud at this moment there is no officer in tbe French army more likely than Vinoy to obtain amarshall's tiuncbeon. Dreadful Soene at as Execution is Wa.-bsaw. — The following description of one of the ;ialij executions in Warsaw is from an cye-wjtriess^ writing in the Schlessisdie Zcittmg :— '1 had*BeJi; to tbe five places, and everywhere found a uume-, rous assemblage of spectators. At length Tjpro ceeded to the Bank-square to witness the exectP tion of Kdsinski, as he was BtaterjoriwXh'ej youngest of the five who were to be ' exebiifoi.l and 1 therefore expected be wonld show tho least j fiimness. Tho procession :appiniwiwMit'Vi^| fast nine. It consulted of acommau-carti/on; rhicli Kosinski sat, with a Capuchin monk op osite to him. liothiappeariug to be deeply enr sgeii in confideutial talk, nnd a detachment of ehSarmiei *rid(piilatis.;;- 'The cart stopped at .« take near the iJinUluWSlhidgs, and a loud cry of nguish came from; tbu assembled crowd. Eob naki; aiyonth of Jjioeteeii 'yeHrs at-.most, stepped uietly to the grovyid,.v5Bnd looked around him a. a. friendly wuy' ,«nd|wjth tivident calmness, lis smiling faco'^niy.^^^jne clouded when the rowd gave vent to theirWruo'tion in loud crius .nd' eobs.1 ! At a .signal from tho commanding ifficer the band began to play,. and' the usher fbo held apaper in. his bund read with a loud oice something 'which -was probably the sent ence, but which1 was not heard ou account of he music. It was now a' qttarter to teu. The Capuchin monk, who had nlsa alighted from the urtaiid bad placed himself near Kosinski, now ;ava him a small black ciuoiQx. which he kissed everently, and also tbe mouk'a band, He was hen led to the Btuke, bis arme bound, to it, ami i bandage tied over -hisfi eyLs. While these ter rible preparations were'golog on, the handsome features of the young man again cleared up. The officers now gave the Wold of command, ami twelve BoUiers, of the Qieniuliei Guard, came forward. I closed. my eyes iuvoluutarily, and only opeued them after I had heart! this volley fired. I saw the body of Kosiiiski stagger, aud then slowly : recover 'ttSHif. Strange to soy, the grettailierfl, whether from awkwurduesa or on purpose, had aimed badly and only hit the un fortunate mait's legs. He wasatilt liviug. Two soldiers then came dose tu him aud tired two or three shots with their revolvers ' at his chest. Then only Eosinski fell. The sound of weeping aud moaning tilled the air. Tim buJy was then taken up by the gendarmes aud thrown on tbe cirt, iwhich slowly drove Way;. The blood hail Howeil abundantly, ami as suinu plaster had come off on the stake, two plasterers immediately came forward and plastered up the spot there and then. Forbidden aims ha I been found on these young men -an offence which, pel haps' duseived puuishment, but surely not that of death.' The following romantic story (says the Home News) is taken from the Liverpool Mercury : — Upwards of 30 years ago a marriage took place in this neighbourhood, the man and his wife being in humble circumstances. Afier living together till after the birth of a child, the husband went to Australia to seek his fortune. His wife never heard from him after be left her, .and supposing he was dead, on the lapse ot seven years she married a widovvei with three children. To this number in her second married Ilfejibu added live, making her whole family, iucluding the child by her first husband, nine in all. Sometime since the second husband died, aud she was left to struggle with her large family. Toiler great surprise, at the beginning of the piesent year, her first husband mule his appear ance at Liverpool. During his 30 yen's' absence', he had prospered in Australia, ami wus it large landed proprietor (here. He bad heard of his wife's second marriage, but :is the fault was his, he never. thought of returning to England until | hi: heard of the death of the second husband./ To make amends for his fonucr neglect of his; wife— fur notwithstanding her second marriage1 she was still his wife— hu behaved in the -most lundsomj manner to all her children, gave them ?costly outfits, and has (ak-£n them and the wife «f bin early affections out with him to the land of his adoption. Tbe wife, who has thus aller/ an absence of more than 30 years, be.m restored to her position, is now about 70 yeai.s of age. - 'Gentlemen of the jury,' said o native law yer, ?? The Scripture say, ? Thou shall not kill.' Now if you hang my client you transgress that commandment slick as grease when the sun is 1*20 inlhe shade, and as plump us a rotten egg iu a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is mur der, whether committed by the innocent young man bi-fore you, who only punched the life out of onfl fellow, or by twelve jurymen like you on iny humble client 1 That man may have lost bis life iu a bloody row ; but I ask you in the name of the unborn babes and sucklings of this iibnigbly republic — in tbe name of General Jackson— of the guns and swords of our terrible army— is that a reason why you should com mit a murder ou my simple-minded client? No, gentlemen, no— five hundred times no ! If you do so, you will cany the brand of Cain, every one of- you, to your graves! and be haunted while iu this land of liberty 'by the ghosts of an injured society— the ' blood drink ers,'' of which the gentleman now shamefully standing iu the dock, has the honour to be president. One look at uiy client, gentlemen, must convince you that hu could not commit the crime of murder. Me haB lost one eye by gouging, one ear and half of the other is gone; while his nose is flattened like a pumpkin squash, though it ^formerly grew like the succulent vino of that national vegetable! Theme honourable und distinguishing marks, have been wou for the glory of bis couutry. in little affrays in which patriots only engage! I will siy nothing of whut the grief of his friends would be should you band over my client, in an unreflecting manner, to the beastly talons of the doomed hangman 1 I can assure you, free and enlightened jurymen of tbis emancipated coun try, that licked the game cock of creation, that every one of you are known to tie lamb-like individuals .who now occupy the front seat of the visitors' gallery. There are a few of the members of the society of which my client is; the respected president. Each of *hese gentle-; men carries a bow ie. in'. his' pocket, a revolver under his shirt collar, anil -various -other simple contrivances about his pewpn; wii.Uthese.tHey amuse their friend! All .this .juuBt^pjiyince you thut my client is innocent I' The prisoner was acquitted. ;?'. ;? ??_ ? :?-.--? ; ? ; The inconveniences 'of crinoline have, been found so great in tlie Stiiffi-r/^hire pof teriesjthat die:prinoipal--mayiiraoti!i'ftiriJ^w'^^i'PMV-» use ofiCrinoliuejs on rtlieir ^premises an'ring iibtf h'ouiBflf.,Wrk.'.Io.one.8hpP'a1one the losses by breakages of article* wept down by them amounted Jo ,,£200 '*$isx^ /the; workshops W: came' ^:^»ii^^/%;?^:Wrt«l;imf^ Tlie' wo'rkwomen\^e;^b|aiitted %o*he ?change with almost enttw.tiuanimitjnand feootl wiU.aiirl : np^ihter upin^hjsit-^^^in, garments Jike those of GreekjtatfleiB.^4^ ';??'' A$ii6rt time|ain|B^:||ll ^nown master In airaWmar school wasienBUririK a jpuj-il for the irjSti'nutiiira In ?fc*ntti' in VjrScUce.VJ]B naid;. ? Is nSt^WriWifi^nny^JBt^iwayS'a penny f '^r^iiaSmlr#t\lBt|^«W ajjoiinpes' the *xtra s well as Virtuous:; We;|be^ytg^ey-r.» ,go; arid. th. fo1.lowih^.^:6^^&-?B!r^| jroailsheet as it appeared r$e&Jaay;|S^-'Yiitit^ lay moining, at four pm.;-aymSlt^nnW,iiairie^ lones, or Brown, or Sm.itli.'wlth^ihebr^n'th'ij':: iole of his troUsi're.commiltSilV'aiaenio tty» iwitllowing a ilosu of .suiolda. .;^eraict of tbo ???; jjirv ? That the deceased jOjtmti to; the facts in ' iccordance with his Jeath'.!;j*lfB' leaves a -child ind six small wives to lament ; Ills Untiuiely loss.' ? '?'?'?' ;?' ? -it ? ??J''~''i'i--:'. .???;? :'.. ? A singular incident occurred atitbB.Cifclls at Dsteiid, when the Duchess -ie:Bmbaut was present. The pisifoimaiiCB.te.roiinateilibjVsUis' huut, in which tho iinimal, findlog iitself siir loundeil, made a desperate leiip'nndaligbtefl in the royal box at the feet of iheducTiess. '. J^, then jumped over the low petition, rushed dowu the gtiind sUireaSB -at the back 'of 'ihe^oxi' uniiieil the street, and lias not Vines been heard ** . ? ' ? ?'-.-.-;.?? ?'..?!..??. .'..-. of. This unexpected ttiat. excitBU-Jgenefa1 : liughter, in which' the duchess heartily joined; The Border Watch, published .'.at MoUut Gam bier, has recently been the medium of frequent malicious advertisements.;, 'i'hu Editor . tie- uoutices the practice,', confesses to a strong ob jection to publish such adv«rft8«mentB, and notifies that in future the price for malignant ailveitiseiueiits will be jliie shillings per line! This is compounding with one's conscience wilh a vuiigtuuice. Little Archie was cautioned about holding his fork, as it cainu iu close proximity to his eye, his mother telling him that he might pu' bib eye out and be blihd. He gave it a three year old vonsidisrntinn, and a bright idea struck him. 'Then, maiuino,' £aid he, triumphantly, ' I could have a dog.' Long before the ' Norfolk Howard' folly bloke out, men were ashamed of their names, and a man named Taylor, to gel rid of its enippish ness, wrote himself ' Tailleur.' Meetiug an acquaintance who had ti very handsome dog, he asked iu course of conversation tbo dog's name, 'Well/ was the answer, * his name was Jowler, bull we have changed it for Jowleur.' pr. Cumming hab been again venturing upon specific dates for the fulfilment of Darnel's pre dictions. He Jiiid before a Newcastle audience, the other day, certain deductions of his, which pointed to I8C7 as the close of the present economy. He said he believed the last despe rale battle-field would be near Jerusalem, mid that France, Russia, and England would be the combatants. ?The Age of the Peemiek. — Yissount Palm erston, K.G., on the 19th October, entered upon bjs 80th year. He was born on the 20th of October, 1781, .ind consequently is twelve years younger man - was iiis jate pouiicai oppuneni', lord Lyndhurst. I Tm; Climate of Qdeekslakd. — ^The people ♦f.the sistercolonies liuvevery mistaken notions i)f the climate of Queensland Almost every ^iian you meet will tell you it is much hotter /there than where they are. The people of Adelaide, where the sun is 100 degrees after sunset, will assure you positively thnt Queens land is hotter far than their country. If you speak to a Victorian upon this subject, he will shrug his shoulders, perhaps, and tell you that the climate is horrid; that the sun is hot enough to;hoil a quart of tea svithout the aid of fire ; tli.it tlie snnd is. so heated that you might easily bake a daii per in it; and that if you lay a slice of fresh beef upon a rock at mid-day, it will fry in no lime. Now, -this is all moonshine; the poor VicLorian knows little of Queensland, save what lie has scraned to gether Iroin ' Burke and Wills' 'Diary ;' be knows it killed them [so he thinks, but it was his own dountrymeu killed them — sending such unfit, uu| iractical .men on so arduous an adven ture]; ye?, he knew it killed them, and he naturally blames the horrid climate for it. 'The Victorian lias a good, temperate, even climate of his own, and he thinks every place else per fect torrid zones. The New South Welshman is someumat better; he has fried and roasted, on the I irling or Bogan, or Barwin, perhaps, aud kno' rs it can't be much hotter in purga tory. Xm might iiear him say whan he is in a bad 1 lirabur, ' Well, Queensland can't be much he .ter than this.' Now, the fact of itis, 'Queens!: ml is much milder than Adelaide, and far more temperate than the pastoral districts of New South Wales. 'I siever felt it so cold in my life as I did here this winter,' said a New South V rales gentleman to me the other day, in; speali ing of the climate between the Upper Warreg(i and Maranoa. In 1847, the explorer Kennedy discovered the temperature 7 degrees belbw frcezin? point in the month of July, at the] bead of the Warrego. A gentleman who resided Within a few miles of this same locality during the whole of last year's drought, assures me that the iieat was nothing Mke bo oppressive .us Ye has felt;;,ifm many parts of-New South Wii s. ' Near Bruncll ? Kan-r2, which is 350 mil(s due west 'froin ' Wide Bay, is what is thoikllt to be the hottest part of the interior; the I liermometer was as low ? as 27 degrees at sum se this winter. But this portion of Quci nalaud is over'2000 Feet above the level^of the 1 2a— equally as hij;b. is the Darling Downs. The Maranoa, about the'26ih parallel.'is about 140C feet; while -mariy parts of Liverpool' Plaii s, the Bligh district, and the Darling, is scan ely . 500 feet.-—' Correspondent of Western Post' ' ' ?'?'- '.:,-' Si mething fob Adveiitiseeb.— In a case '. tried at: the liurd Mayor's Court, London, Tree lar V. the London, Chatham, and Dover Rail vay Company, the .plaintiff, who is the well known codoaniit nbre mat.matjufacturer,. recovered £9,305 compensation for the. Joss of Iiis ijoUse, arid business,' at 42,: Ludgate- Tiill. 'One [)art*of the plaintiff's claim was ti sum of . '£600,'iput- as 'loss 6F profit oh -adrertising;'. ;In support of that claim the plaintiff 'was called on, and lie said, ' I lootXipon iniSney eipetided in advertising' as capital1 investedj it; 'will of course , be. floirie- time 'before a benefit is .felt, , and an- advertiser must not expect if too rapidly. . In /some cases, it -will, be years before a benefit is felt, and it all-depends upon the nature of Ihe.bnsiness. 'In niypase, 1 have expeiiSea' £5Q03 iii advertisipg. -tlie ^business which '1 was the -urst io intrbductiK I did not expdct'a return 'fdr-three years, tuHt'^ came surely ; jand the older the advertisement, ?'?; the more surely comes the'return. It was only tlje other d&y; -thit ^ii'igentleman from Cannda ?brought me =an ^advertisement which liei^d ?clit ontofa^aper seven years flld; he baa;kepi it, and; Jpund'tay^hop by its meiins.' Toini swer this it was urged/for the company that anj ?iidvertisoment /might die out 'froni stalehess;, and that Ht-' was ft very .goid opporljthity for; plaintiff to iissao a fresh advertisement,' with' the words ?Pri«e'infidalholder'inaerted, His Lordship remarked that no .dpubt^dvertisitig' was of the' very, highest importance to peculiar; businesses, and thnt the plaintiff was evidently! of opinion tlmt lie had :5deri*ed srajisid'erj.bto benefit from following. it;up.. fit, iw^odeeal stated' in .the evide'nee that plaintiffconsjdereii: he had made 10 per centjprofit $&££nj\mf-fji .the £5000 expended; that jneant; that ^mtlff had - put ? £500 of Mb preMnt prp.atsa« ariSid|, out of tbe conseijuenooBiijr his a^vpr|isingp6o, that it was, .as jWpdJdie ^y^TMnBirp-*1W importance to trades' generally 'Mi^EsoriB, should consider well , the : whole jrjode 'ioriie; adopted, fof : the Maiiitiff.^n ^isji^Sil^^enf! dently reduced^ the dmattcr;i6 a-idlefiw^i; ? Grocer, Wine, si^^it^awds Jteviei^l;^ -'.'? V 