^IR^STEEET ' WeSIjEYAN CHANEL. The services in connection with the reopening and anni versary of thePirie- street Wesleyan Chapel were brought to a close on Monday evening, October 16. In the' afternoon a' sale of the articles left from the late bazaar was held in the Upper Schoolroom, and realized about £50. : . ? ?? ? ? Tea was provided in the Lecture-hall, and partaken of by between 400 and 500 persons. The building was well filled during the public meeting, over Which Mr. L. BoSoh, Senior Circuit Steward, presided. After singing and prayer, ' The Chairman addressed the meeting. After acknow ledging the kindness of the Stewards in asking him to take the chair, he stated tnas %aey were met to ceieDrate their thirteenth anniversary. He thought anniver saries should not only yield pleasure, but an amount of profit as well. The reyiewof the past 14 years was very satisfactory, for in that time they had erected a building which he did hot think was equalled by any other chapel in the city, though many had beeribuilt Since. It was both commodious and beautiful. A few days ago he -amused himBelf by looking over the minutes of the meetings held in connection with the founding 'of the building in- which they were assembled. The land cost £600, . which' they managed to pay. and after various difficulties and hardship whioh he described, they got the cnapelbullti 'and three years afterwards tbe galleries were erected: Last year the Lecture Hair was built,'ahd many other additions were made. The trustees had often thought of the necessity of beautifying the interior' and they had done so to the satis faction, he hoped, ot all. To those who had long been con nected with the building, there was much to be grateful for. The last 13 years had been years of mercy and of Tblessing, for during that time they had received many blessings -they had had a faithful and devoted ministry— many had been convinced of sin and converted to God, while saints had been1 edified. (Applause.) He concluded by calling upon— Mr. J. Comon, M.P., who gave a statement of the finances of the chapel. ? They commenced the year- with a balance in hand of £311 16s. lod., and grace then they had raised sufficient to make a total of £1,791 2s. lod. Against this they had expended in various ways £1,791 os. 8d., making a balance due to the Treasurer of £2 17s. lod, They were a little more hi debt than they were last year. The total amount of the debt was £3,225— a very small sum for such a congregation as that. He hoped they would be able to reduce the debt to £3,ooo-tbairevenlne, whioh he thought was sufficient for a property like that. He should state that the £3,225 was upon the whole of the buildings —the chapel, the lecture ball, ministers' houses, nttings, Sec.— all of which involved a total cost of £17,000, so that the present debt was upon that large amount The gas-fittings had all beenjpaid for. From the bazaar, tea, Sunday's collections, &c;, they would realise about £265, whioh would meet the whole of the cost of the gas-fittings, cleaning of the inte rior, '&c.; They should now, he thought, set their faces against any further expenditure, as they now had the build ing in a complete and finished state; and hi the course of a few ytears he had no doubt they wouid be enabled to clear awaythe entire debt, whioh was a thing he sincerely hoped would be achieved. (Cheers.) The choir here sang the anthem 'Comfort ye, comfort ye my people.' The Bev. B. C. Flockhart, in moving the first resolu tion, said he rejoiced in their prosperities, and he regarded their difficulties as part of their prosperity. What was £3,200 to such a congregation as that? They had a beautiful place of worship, and he hoped they would continue in their work of well-doing. The advancement of Christianity —the grandest of all systems— was their object. What were material things compared with the trust committed to them? Might their successes be greater than they had been, and might the officers in connection with the chapel be more and more zealons. He wished to give them a few particu lars in connection. They had had, according to the statistics laid before the English Conference, . 276 oases for enlarge ment,) which would involve a total cost of £205,900; and in addition to this 1,300 trusts had laid down the noble sum of £11.211, so that the work of the Church might be advanced far and wide. (Cheers.) Out of (hat 74 ministers could be supported at a salary of £160 a year, and be said all honor to the large-hearted and liberal men who had so lavishingly aided ' the work of Christianity. He alluded to individual gifts varying from £600 to from £8,000 to £9,000. and re ferred such gifts as that to the attention of the Pirie-street people. Last year they had 1,024 ministers, but now they iaa 1,223, Detag an increase oi ia». ±ney naa now a nrm hold of the heart of the army, and they were effectiog gome good among the sailors as well. Notwithstanding all the achievements and triumphs of art, science, and literature, yet to his mind the great want of the world and of the Church was the baptism of the Spirit from above. Last night as he was proceeding from North to South Adelaide, he saw the necessity of an actiDg and living Church in Adelaide. His heart was not so much pained at seeing the abandoned women of the town, but at he conduct of the so-called gentlemen who dined at their tables— they who were In reality the cause of so much evil in their social life. (Applause.) It was their duty not merely to be good, but to exercise an influence for good— to make the ungodly feel it. They wanted power in prayer, power in the pulpit, and power in the presB. But a united Church, strong in prayer, would be more than conquerors, for they could not fail to exercise that influence which would result in the saving of souls. (Applause. ) The Bev. H. T. Buboess next addressed the meeting, and, after some preliminary remarks, he proceeded to enforce the principle of benevolence upon the audience. He reminded them of their everyday privileges, and said this, together with the great condescension of the Lord in becoming poor for their sakes, should lead them to give more of their time, talents, and influence to His cause. They were all men of influence, of lesser or humbler degree. Dr. Cumming had said that they bad two immortalities— one they took away with them either to Heaven or to Hell, while they left the other to permeate and influence succeeding genera tions. If they wished to exercise an influence for good they should be burning and shining lights ; they shonld exhibit in their daily life and conduct the Christian prin ciples which they wished to disseminate. Be it theirs then while they lived to live unto the Lord, so that when they died they might die unto tbe Lord, and enter into His joy. (Cheers.) The Choir here sang another piece of musio very effec uvcijr. The Bev. Cbabixs Colwell said they were like vessels without rudders— they were at liberty to speak upon what subject they liked ; so that however much he travelled in the course of his speeoh the Chairman could not call him to order. He might therefore just mention that they had erected two beautiful places of worship at Wallaroo ; and that a debt of £1,200 rested upon them, which would be inoreased by £500, being the cost of a mission-house. Now, he thought they might that night divert some of their contributions towards the relief of the two aforesaid chapels. (Laughter.) Theyifaad to pay from ten to twelve and a half percent, and he thought some members of the congregation before him might let them have it at eight per cent,, and this would be a great conside ration. But he must not stay too long upon this subject. He would therefore chooBe the subject ot ' Christian liberality,*' upon which to say a few words, for that would apply to Wallaroo as well as Pirie-street. (Laughter.) Covetous ness was the greatest sin, for it was that which resulted in the angels falling from their high estate, and which now permeated so much of the world. ., He had not much to complain of as respected the liberality of Christians in general or of WeBleyans In particular : but he questioned whether they came up to the standard of giving a tithe of their income, as the Levites of old did. He questioned also whether they gave as much as the Roman Catholics or as the Pagans did. One person who gave los. a year for big re ligion was told by a class leader that it was only 2 Jd. a week —hardly enough to see a peepshow. (Laughter.) The rule of Wesley was to 'get all you can, save all you can, give all you can :' and he acted upon that principle, for he gave all he surplus of his income to the cause of Christ. When Wesley got £30 a year he found he could live on £28, and he gave £2 towards religious purposes. Next year he got £60, and gave £32, still living on £28 a year. And thus he acted until when he died it was estimated that he had distributed as much as £30,000 in advancing Christianity. (Cheers.) They might ask whether they should not save something for a rainy day, but as to that he would leave it to their own consciences. He urged them to emnlata the Pentecostal Christiana ? hut hn ruminriori them at the same time that it was not according to the amount of then: gilts, . but it would be according to the purity of .their motjves that they would be judged and rewarded. ' God loveth a cheerful giver. ' ' (Applause.) The collection was here made, and realised about £16. The Rev. H. Chester said he was glad at the prosperity which had attended the last year's operations of that Church. It wbs not, however, by fine and beautiful places of worship that they were to measure their spiritual prosperity ; it was not by having rich and influential hearers ; nor was it by large congregations ; but it was by the existence of Christian love, Christian union, and Christian charity. Where they saw these qualities they might feel assured that true spiritual prosperity was theirs. Oneigrand object of the Bible was to purify the heart, and to destroy impurity, to make the life nnblameable. i-et them strive, then, tooleanse their lives, and so to live that they should receive the blessing of God. The conversion of souls was a great evi dence of spiritual prosperity, and In this respect they had reason to feel gratified. It mattered not what kind of building they worshipped in' so long as the Gospel was preached faithfully there. That this had beea the case with 'irie-street he could not doubt. Their prosperity would con tinue if the same means wereexerciaed. Those means were by the faithful preaching of the Gospel— hot the proclamation of new doctrines ; by tbe exeroise of personal effort, and by the outpouring of the Spirit from on High. After dilating upon these essentials to true spiritual prosperity, the speaker concluded by expressing the hope that the next year's prosperity would be as great or greater than its pre decessor. (Cheers.) The Bev. H. Bath was next called upon to address the meeting. He said it was a gratifying thing to know' that they could associate with their anniversaries the great work of human redemption. There was a splendid future in re serve for the world; but before that arrived there would be a great moral revolution— the conflict ot light against dark ness— of holiness against evil. The efforts of Wesleyans were qot to aim at ecclesiastical pre-eminence, but to save souls; and they had tbe means to do this. Thev had their venerable Bible, which occupied its rightful supremacy in their judgments. Its truths were not softened down to suit the feelings of the polite and the delicate; it wag still the mighty, the ma estic, and the uncompromising Word of God. (Cheers.) They had a healthy pulpit, for the truth was fully, clearly, and powerfully proclaimed. They, had -also: the power of the Holy Ghost, and were not: these agencies sufficient? They had been sufficient for the conversion of millions be fore, and why should not they be sufficient for the conver sion otmillionslheneeforth. They were not to wait idly for^he milleniuin; but they should by their active and Christian conduct hasten the advent of that glorious era. With these few broken remarks he would sit down. (Applause.) The Bev. C. H. Goldsmith proposed iu a few humorous remarks, a vote of thanks to the ladies for providing the tea, and to the Choir for their kind and efficient ser vices. , The Bev. T. Lloyd cordially seconded the resolution which was carried. The Chaibman here announced the gift of £so from the late Mr. William Dunstan, of McLaren Vale. (Cheers ) Mr. J. Colton, M.P., moved a vote of thanks to the ladies who had assisted at .the bazaar, mentioning that tbe proceeds amounted to about £50. and the rest of the -articles would be offered very cheaply on tb,e following The vote wag seconded by, Mr. Wu. Scott and carried. A similar compliment having been accorded to the Chair man, -the meeting, after another performance by the choir, was brought to a close in the usual manner. 