THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. The scenes in the House were not confined to " the floor." In one of the jcommittee rooms, on Thursday, an occurrence took placed, which is unparalleled in the annals of Parliament. A gentleman named Rae, from Belfast, who has kept the Corporation of that ancient aud loyal UnLirrh in hot WAT^r for the last ten vears, borough 111 Hot water lor tlie last ten year^, and dragged them through almost every court t b e empire, is opposing a bill wluch they are promoting in the House of Commons. The measure is before a select committee, of which Mr Miles Qaskell is chairman. Mr Rae, as is his custom,objected to everything,aud kept one witness under the fire of his cross-examining (Mr Rae ia a solicitor) for four days. Mr Gaskell and IIIB committee did not know what to do with him. They threatened him repeatedly by inuendo ; but Mr. Rae replied by defiauces aud threats of appeal to the House. At length, to get rid of him, they ordered the committee-room to bo cleared. All the strangers but. Mr. Rae prepared to retire ; but he said he would not stir an inch. The chairman called for the police ; and four stalwart constables entered the room and seized Mr. Rae. He clung to the bar which separates themenibers' from thestrangcrs' portion of the room. A tussel and a " scrimmage" took place; aud it was with considerable difficulty the police succeeded in dragging him—for he is a very athletic man, in the prime of life—out to the corridor. Ho had repeatedly told the committee to commit him to the custody of the Serjeant-at-Arms if they thought fit. This they declined to do, alleging that they did not want to arrest him, but only to make him remove from the room. Mr Rae, however, holds that his seizure by the police in the process of removal was an arrest, aud announces his intention of taking an action against the chairman and the other four members of the committee. My own opinion is, that the committee have a right to clear their rooin at any moment without giving any reason for so doing. At all events, it is a power which Committees of both Houses constantly exercise, aud which has never been questioned before. I, therefore, thihk Mr Rae will take nothing by his legal proceedings against Mr Gaskell and his brother committee meu ; but he frightened some of them, no doubt. Mr Gaskell was as pale as a ghost, while the Belfast attorney was being forcibly ejected, On Friday morning, Mr Rae was admitted like any other stranger; but the Assistant Deputy. Sergeant-at-Arms and a p of police weie in attendance to obey the orders of the committee in case of need. Mr Hae, however, no longer conducted his own case. He was represented by counsel ; and the large crowd of the public who h:id come to witness another scene was disappointed—Correspon- dent ' Sydney Empire.' Comoiis INCIDENT IS A Onuicu.—Oil Sunday , the Stli of May. the sa-ion 1 lesson of thc morning service in ibi; establishel churo'i was thc (il'i of Matthew, in the 9lh verso of which conimr-nci-'S the Lord's Prayer. It is custo'nary on nrrivin-j at this portion of the lesson for lliLMion^regatw. 1 : lo Ft ni'l up, and at St Peter's Church, Brighton, o'l Monday, thc UiUil rule was obp ;rve 1. Tlie organist, however, who, we are iuforuio.l, is harJ of hearing, seeing lhe congregation rise, imagined that thj lesson had lieen completed, an 1 therefore pi lycd the Jubihtc Deo, aud the choir, evidently no'. Icuiwipir what was t»e*t to do, san.4 the psalm. The uiiuist'.-r —the Jlev Mr Cutteridge—continued the reading for a few moments, when seeing his sientoriar, efforts were overwhelmed by the more powerful voice of the organ, he was conipclle-l to relinquish his task, and the remaining twenty-flve verses of tiie chapter were consequently left unread. The incident caused great confusion and annoyancc to thc cougr^^ition. HJIIUKUY AT A HAIMVAY-STATIOS.—Late on Sunday night thc iron safe in the linoking-ollice of the Stockport station on thc Loud jn anil Nor.h-Western llailway was robbed of £217 in gold and silver in a most mysterious manner. Tho money comprised thc whole of the takings on Saturday and Sunday, the sum being unusually large on account of the increased traffic during Whit-week. The Iwokiug- clerk left the office at 10 o'clock, the money then being in tlie safe arranged in leather bags ready for transmission to the head office, ani on his return at 10 minutes to 11 he found the door of the safe had bcon unlocked and the inside drawer forced open, the bags ripped up, nnd thc whole of their contents abstracted. Information was at once given to thc lolico, hut no clue to the depredators lias as yet ieen obtained; AinsnicAN MOTHERS,—The duty and dignity of a mother require that she should never subordinate herself to her children. When she does s >, she does it to their manifest injury and her own. Of course if illness or accident demand unusual care, she does wclllto^grow^thinland pale in bcBtowiug unusual care. But when a mother in t'ie ordinary routine of life grows tbin and pale, gives up riding, reading; a ml the amusements and occupation of lite, there is a wrong somewhere, and Iter children shall reap thc fruits of it. The father and mother are thehead of the family the most comely and the most honorable pbrt. They cannot benefit their children by descending from their Heaven appointed places, aud becoming perpetual and exclusive feet and hands. This is the great fault of American mothers. They swamp themselves in a slough of self-sacrifice. They are smothered in their own sweetness. They dash iuto domesticity with an impetus and abandonment that annihilate themselves. They sink into their fami lies like alight in apoisonous well, and are extin- guished— PBACTICAI. JOKING.—A very ludicrous practical jike was brought under our notice thcolhcr day. A shoemaker, whom we will calllirown, died a short lime since at no great distance from Talbot, leaving a blooming widow of about thirty-live years of age, and a large quantity of property in boois and shoes for her future dowry, A strapping fellow, residing in the ntighborhoo-i, conceived a liking for the widow before the defunct husband was buried, and the said strapping fellow, whom wo will call Smith undertook lo see that the last sid offices of departed merit were perfoimcd in • a proper maimer. With a few friends he went to a certain cemetery, and took up a piece of ground for the grave. Smith and Brown being about the same sixe, it was resolved that Smith should Uy on. the gonad at full length r and (bus the Bize of the grave should be determined. 'J his was accordingly done; jand from time to time as the grave was put down, Smith descended (lie ho:e and measure! his full length at the bottom, in order 4o ascertain that the sides and ends were being carried down perpendicularly. In the meantime it was suggested to Smith that, as he would shortly be the happy possessor of tbe widow, the least lie could do was to shout to' tbe gravediggers. Smith considered the request only reasonable, and sent for a gallon of spirits. Sinking and drinking proceeded onward, and Smith imbibed three tumblers of raw - spirit in drinking tbe health of the widosr. At last the grave was sunk to a depth of fire feet, and Smith.. for.; l (lie Inst time descended; but when at the bottom the depth of his potation began to show itself, and he threw himself down, resolved to have a sleep t before lie came out again.- A spirit of mischief then seized hold of his companions, and they determined to bury liim in the grave. A large quantity of earth was thrown upon him, the mischievous rascals taking care that his face was left uncovered. Becliniog under abouta load and a half of earth, Smith slept on for about two hours, when he awoke to find his companions gone. Sobered by this time, he made desperate efforts to release himself but finding that the more lie struggled the greater quantity of earth rolled down on his face, ho contented himself witb shouting for help. Ilis companions, whp had retired for only a short distance, came, aud one of them carefully descended tlie hole, but only to find that if a shovel was used, Smith would probably be injured by the blade. A rope was then got and made fast under Smith's shoulders, and assistance having been obtained lie was dragged from beneath the dirt, very little injured by the joke beyond a few bruises about the body. Although disposed to be wrathful with the jokers, Smith's usual good temper soon recovered itself, and lie contented himself with remarking to thc astonished bystanders that " he had made Brown'6 grave warm for him, at all events." History is so far silent as lo whether tbe blooming widow Ilis ai yet consented to became Airs Smith. All the parties to this joke, incredible as thc fact may appear, arc Scotchmen,—'Talbot Leader,' July 22. A lecturer the other day contended with tiresome prolixity that art could not improve nature, until one of his hearers, losing all pilieuce, set the room in a roar by exclaiming, "You are wrong, sir, very wrong, for I am sure you would not look so young without your wip." TELKGnAPmc COMMUNICATION TO ENGLAND.—The • Bombay Giz"tte' states that "a telegram from Colonel Kenilm'l, received in Bombay ou Sunday, states that the telegraph from BagJad to Constantinople has been restored, aud that quiet has been established among thc troublesome Arabs between Bagdad nnd Bussorall. It is probable, therefore, _ that we may have a message from London by this i route next week, which will not take more than six days in transmission if the Jine from Bombay to Kurrachee *Je in working order." It is with narrow-souled people as with narrow* necked bottles—the less they have in them, the more noise they make in pouring it out. What is the difference between a duplicate of a book and a whole family attacked by the fever ? One is a fac-siniile, and the other is a sick family. ? ? —'Sussix Advertiser.' " A Spasm of Sense," iu the • Atlantic Monthly.' ? ? 