A MAORI MUMMY. In one of the less known gullies of the Otago goid-fie'ds, a few months ago, tlireo adventur ous Victorian miners having found a "likely snot." nitclicd their tent and set brnveiv tn work. They were moderately successful, and for a week or two worked on, If not content, at least hopeful. Themoon wosin her last quarter when first they commenced operations, and tho nights were consequently dark. As time wore on, however, tlie waxing moon shone brigiit upon them, as they sat outside their tents of au evening to smoko their after-supper pipe, for tlie weather was genial, and permitted of this in dulgence out of doors. At tho extremity of the gully was a singularly shaped rock, irregularly pyramidal, that rose abruptly from the surface, to a height of upwards of t.iirty feet. Not being geological students they had not given special attention to this feature of tbe locality, beyond remarking that it was not likely to contain any gold. On1 one of these even ings, ns tiny were seated as just de scribed, enjoying the silence, the pipe nnd the repose after fatigue, one of the party sud- USUI) atoikuu. liUUik UU LUC top Oi (lie LOCK, he said to liis two companions. Tlie moon had just risen, and her rays fell directly, upon the summit of tlie vast pile in front of them. They directed their gaze in the direction pointed out by the speaker, and saw very distinctly a human face, white and.gliastly, made visible by the light of the full moon falling upon it Is not that a" face 1" said the one immediately addressed. There's no doubt about its being a face ; its very odd we've never seen it before.?' " No, it's not odd, you see there's been no moon till now, and during the (lay we've beeu too busy to see it, besides it might not have been there all tlie time," replied tlie one particularly addressed. " I don't believe in ghosts" said tlie third, "but that face answers to tho description of them remarknb'y. Don't you think we'd better turn iu ?" And they turned in, but next morning they confessed to each other that tlioy had not slept well. They looked hard the fol lowing day for tho face, hut it was not to he seen. They saw it again, however, the following night end for several nights after, and they heard — or fancied they heard — a plaintive moan coming as if from tiie top of tho ro.'k. They could talk about nothing else, nnd tlioy lost their appetites and did not work with a will ; so tlioy agreed to leave tlie guliy for some ether diggings. Ou their way, they met two men, fatter and sou, prospecting, nnd they told them of tlie gully they had loft, and tiie reason why tl cy had quitt d it. These men were not supeistitidtis, and they made tlieir way to the gully at once. At night . they saw the white face on tiie top of tlie ro -k, and the next morn- iug they determined :o ascend and discover tlie mystery if possible. At considerable risk they did so. Tliev found tlie mummy of n female child, carefully placed upon a bier of stones, the head resting upon n curiously woven i'iecc of malting,, and between tho knees tho skeleton of a bird (the toi-toi). Some of the hair of. the child yet remained, nud it was carefully plaited. Beneath the hand was placed a piece of coral, evideutly brought from n long distance, ns this locality was many miles from the seashore. Ou one side of the mummy, where it had been evnospd (a , u „ ,1 Integuments had been quite rcmovrf'fr"' 'v" 1 skull, and the bones perfectly bleached, u ' ® 1 this pa-t of the mummy that the threo 1 had seen. The father and son tak 1 object of their fear, and it was subsequent! if liibitcd in Duncdin nud other places n t" 9 been mAielbuurneforttielastfuw weeks' l„„ 1 paratively few persons h are .«n I ever, recently been submitted to the instwM- , 1 several scientific gentlemen in this city, and til I have pronounced itspecialij interes.i,,; bothm I tomically nnd as illustrating an aud.nt w" 1 custom, fi.r it would mpcnr to have been in the 1 position In which it was found many yea.-s 11 ' I of the natives having stated on seeing it thaHhs ' 1 practi, e of plactag the toi-toi bird between the i knees of the dead is a very old one, and one th " 1 has been long tn d.suse. The partieularcireum 1 I aastfir ->-£«= 