1 itl'vv'ifr ot ftin (-'/'? ;it ESittiiStai'H, ?That which -smo.ung oflVcts f:itlior aa a jilen i»ve or a fiemilty on a man, if, inflic ts on uny n.i Wional roprc3ontntion of tins siuno in an ; uiul tak ing it all in all, stripping from the m-gmuent the psurilitics and ejcay^i'rntions of those who clainii to be'the professoil aiitn^onists of tlio practice, it refair'to Buy that, in the main, smoking is ii luxury which any nation, of natural habits, n'ould lie better without. The luxury is not directly fatal to life, but its use conveys to the mind of 'the man who looks upon it, calmly the onmiatnkcuble idea of physical degradation. I do not he- itntu to snv that 'if n n.min.ii'iitv r,f youths of both sexes, whose progenitors 'A'ere Sis.'ly formed and powerful, were to bo trained to the early practice of smoking, and if marriage were to be conliut'd to sinolccry, an apparentl? new aud physically inferior race of men a:i;d women would be bred up, Of course such an experiment, is .impossible as we live ; for many of our fathers do not. smoke, and scarcely any of our mothers, and thus, to the credit our women, chiefly, be it said, 'he integrity -of o;ir race is fairly preserved. With increasing knowledge we ni- y hope that the same iu'te^'rity may be fur ther unstained; but still, 'the fact of what'to bacco can do in ila ertrenie action is not the le'S3 to bo forgotten, for Many evils aro ma'ihtaiiiod because their lull and worst effects are hidden from tho sij-lit. Again, on the ground of tlie 'fiiuatiomil disturbances to v.'hich prjoking 'ives 'lise in those who indulge :;n it, ui; argument may be used which woes very desDlv. and cuts none the less sharply, becav.se/in one sense, it is ridi '?'culous. Put down the nmokers of Great Britain ?at a million in number — they are more than that, but let it pass. V\ hy should there exist per petually a million of men, not one of whom can fit any moment be writ down as in perfect health' from day 'to day ? Why should a million of men be living with stomachs that only partially digest, hearts that labor unr.aturally, and blood that is not fully oxidized ? In 'i purely philoso phical point of view the question admits of but ono answer, viz., that the existence of such a million of imperfectly working living organisms is a national absurdity — a picture ' which, to a superior intelligence observing 'the whole and grasping it, would suggest a mania, foolish, ridi cu'ous, and incomprehensible. I cannot say more against tobacco, however, without leing led into a wider Question, if I were equally fair for tobacco as against it, I should be foroed -to fiive it « place aS one of the least hurtful of luxuries. It is on this ground, iu fact, that to bacco hohl3 so firm a position ; that of nearly eyery luxury it is tne least injurious, it is inno^ cnous as compared with alcohol ; it does infinitely' less harm than sugar: it is in sense worse than tea ; and by the side of high living altogether it contrasts most favorably. A thorough smoker may or may not be a hard drinker ; but there is one thing he never is, a glutton ; indeed there is no cure for gluttony, and all its train of certain and fatal evils, like tobacco. In England this cure has been effected wholesale. The friends of tobaeoo will add to these remarks that' their ' friendly weed' is sometimes not only the least hurtfill of luxuries, but the most reasonable. They will tell of the quiet which it brings to the overworn body and to tho irritable and restless mind. This error is transparent and universal, but notwithstanding it is a practical truth, for in their acceptation tobacco is a remedy for evils which lie within its own, and as a reuudy it will hold its place until those are removed. — Dr. Richardson in the Social Science Review. The ' Chamber of Death.' — Perhaps no public man has had the courage to send to ihe Chamber of death, as it is called at the 'JTimes' office, and ask the editor to let iiirn have a look' at his ' Life.' Sometimes, however, these '? Live3 ' appear before the breath is out of the body, is recently occurred in the case of Lord Clyde. The 'Times' takes great care obout these matters. Some years ago a report was brought to the office at 11 o'clock at night-that Lord John Russell was dead. Mr. Walter, who goes to the office much more frequently than is supposed happened to be there. A consultation immediately took pb.ee with writers and editors, and a gontleuian of tact and experience was Eent off in the middle of the night to Chesham-place to enquire into tlie truth or falsehood of the report. He soon discovered that it arose out of exaggerated reports of a slight indisposition, which had been magnified into the death of the noble Lord ; but short as was his absence from office, in the interim ample means -had been taken to meet the emergency — the fatal casket had been opened, the record of a life which would, form in itself no unimportant chapter in the his tory of the country was displayed, and an army f biographers, editors, and printers were pre pared to raise the ghost of the departed noble man, aud fix the picture in its frames before the morning light had dawned upon the sleepers of London. When the messenger had returned, «n.1 Uwoa tlm inlnlltxunra wnc fi.lso the memoir was reconsigned to its resting place n tho casket, the Chamber of death closed, the ejected columns replaced, and the world was nforuied that the ' Times '' was rejoiced to be ? able to state that the rumour of the illness of ? so distinguished a nobleman was wholly without ? fouudation. — Court Journal. -Ireland. — 'A rumour,' says the Cork Exam iner, 'is being spread through various parts of the'eountiy that Ireland is on the eve of a revo- J lutiuii or rebellion. Tlie signal for the rising is to be the 'landing in soi^e of our bays or bar- , ?boursof an armament from America, provided' Wiih ?' ah' ample supply of arms and all the other inanlitioiis of ivar for the use of all those who. .'yearn to throw off the ''yr.kc of the Saxon.' It ,jg also believed that thero is at this moment existing in Ireland a secret'aociety having its ?'head quarters in Dublin, and branches iu Cork, Tralee, and all the other principal 'towns of the -^kingdom. This society, it is said, 'is at this very 'moment actively engaged in organizing the ?people and preparing them for the anticipated ?invasion, having them taught military drill whereever practicable. Thus they will be fitted to avail themselves of the arms that sliUll be placed in their hands by their foreign lands. 'It is further hinted, in mysterious language, that oertaiu persons whose preseut position holds them back will assume leading parts in tho struggle once it has begun.' Attempted Muiideii in Glasgow. — On Tuesday morning, the 10th, a man named Andrew Bogio, ft ^brassfotiuder, residing in Dobbie's Loan, Glasgow, narrowly escaped being murdered by his wife. Mrs. -Bogie has for some months exhibited symptoms of mental derange ment, but nothing occurred on Monday night before she retired to bed to give cause for ?anxiety. Abotit three o'clock on Tuesday morn ing, she obtained a small clasp knife and whilo her husband was iu bed, she stabbed him in tho neck about an inch below the left ear. Bogie jumped up and ran for assistance to the house of a neighbor, who called a policeman, and went for a surgecn. When the constable arrived lie found that Airs. B'jgin had thrown herself out ot tho window, from a height of four storks, and was lying on t.he pavement, with the knife firmly clutched in her baud. She was very severely woutkU'd, her leg being fractured iu U'o places* Sue is now lying at the infirmary in a dangerous state. Bogie, who has had a very narrow escape, the knife having almost touched the jugular vein, is also at the infirmary, and is going on favor ably. — Glasgow IIci aid. A Sa'o Cage. — Can we couceive of anything mora awful in itself, or more destructive in its cinpfifjueiices; than a man invested with 'tlie' euro of souls wh'V knows nothing of the va'.ie of his own. Is there u greater 'curse tohs found than u man who stands up' 'professedly to direct souls to henyen, wlnle.be himself 'is i.irihc high road to hell F^who' affects to preach the gospel df Christ while' ' ho is untaught by his Spirit-aud uninfluenced by his grace ; when places of wor ship become the mere merchandise of wordJy men, and the secular interest of carnal persons is blended with the worship of God- when Christ's ambassadors are subjected to thecarprice of wealthy -individuals— when professing Chrii tains are found occupying the p'ew on the Lord's Day and the hoi: of the ' theatre on the week evening — when '^he 'cards', the dance, and the midnight rt/vel succeed the sermon, tho sacra RientV and the formal prayer. And what shall we say of the mixed' companies where professing Christians lay aside the distinguished excellenries which ehtiractefiae 'the dcciples of Christ, and wordlings'ky aside their profaueness to mimic Christians, -while neither net in character, nor Savor of spiritual conversation, but both irive th&ir; opinion of sermons, authors, and ministers, instead of endeavouring to add force to devotion and vigor to vital godliness. — Irons. Li'icuitEAN Dishes — Acts are en ten in many countries. In Brazil the largest species are pre pared with a sauce of resin. ' In Africa they stew them with butter, in the- East Indies they are caught iu pits, carefully ' roasted like coffee, and eaten by mouthfuls afterwards. Mr. Smeath man says : — ' I have eaten them sovcral times, dressed in this' way, and think them delicate, nourishing, aiid wholesome. They are something sweeter, though not so fat and clogging, as the caterpillar or maggot of the palm-tree snout beetle, '-which is served up at all the luxurious table of the West Indian epiciue.-', particularly the French, as the great dainty of the western world.' A curry of ants' eggs is a very costly luxurv in Siam : and in Mexico the neonlc have from ti-ne immemorial, eaten tlie eg!_rs of a wato in3ect which prevails in the lagoones of that city.r Tho Ceylonese — ungrateful wretches! — eat the bees after robbing them of their honey. The African bushmen eat all the caterpillars they find. A bushman would be a valuable acquisition fof'C market-gardener's cabbage field. Tho Austra lians are notorious as maggot- eaters ; and the Chinese, who waste nothing, eat the chrysalis of tho silkworm after they have Wound the silk from its cocoon. It is said that the North- American Indians used' to eat lcieusts. The African bush men arid the savages 'ot New Caledonia are very fond of spiders roasted. This singular taste is not unknown Oven in Europe, lleaumer tells oF a young lady who, when walking in her garden, used to eait till the spiders she could catch. L'a lande, the French astronomer, was equally fond of them ; and a German, immortalised by llosel, used to spread them on bread instead of butter. — ' The International Magazine.' F.vsmnMATvr.TC Fr.ovo-'.ns — One of the most singular phenomena iu the horticultural world is the fashion for certain flowers which suddenly comes in, and gradually works itself up into a perfect ' rage,' or mama. The passion of tho ancient Romans for roses, and that of the Dutch for tulips, is a matter of general history- and thevc io no saying whether our own times may not supply similar instances of enthusiasm. During the last hundred years, however, the feeling has not taken an extreme form. We have paid £200 for orchids ;but what is that in compari son to the thousands once willingly given for a single tulip? The modern fashion for any kind of flower is very fickle. At the utmost, it lasts a few years, and then turns out. a new favourite. About 60 years ago, auriculas, picotees, carna tions, and pinks were generally grown. Balsams were also great in vogue. About 1819 pausics were coming into fashion. The first of the red genariums was raised about 1822, l-y i\Ir. Davy in Chealsea, and the other generaiums became fashionable about 16 or 18 years ago. The red variety of the Indian uzala was brought into notice about 1825. The fusehia is said to have been introduced by a Captain Firth, 'in 1788, but there is a sentimental story connected with it which enabled Messrs. Lee, of Hammersmith, to bring the plant prominently before the public. Dahlias hagan to : attract attention in 1821, but tlio double'varieties did not come up till 1830. The scarlet verbenas were becoming general about 1S3S. Cape heaths, proteas, and bulbs, Australian plants, and American 'cactuses, all had their day. At present we seem to have fixed our attention principally upon fine ' leaf I ntfinta f- fPli?o nllV 1 1 n 111 H n !fl PHT! i)P t.VRPnfl flivPf*Mv I to japan, where plants distinguished for their elegant or remarkable foliage have for ages been great favourites. The Dutch acquired it from the Japanese, an.l gradually imparted it to the continental nations, and ultimately to ourselves. The ferns, of which about 1,000 species are cul tivated in out gardens, owe part of their popularity to their elegant foliage. The rage for orchids seems to be oil 'the wane; the great growers begin to act upon the pernicious principle of 'selection, not collectisn,' aud its 'application is always a sign that real enthusiasm is cooling down. — sinlhenttum. The Souhce ok the Nile. — We read in a letter from Vienna ' We are going to have an Austrian inquiry into the results of Captain Speke and Grant's discoveries. You are pro bably aware that the accuracy of their statements had been doubted by Dr. Bnrth, the African traveller; Ilerr Petennann, the late geog-apner to her Majesty ; and some other German geo graphical authorities. In the opinion of Dr. Tiarth, although the connection between the Bahr-el-Abiad with Lake Nyanza has been proved by the English explorers, many questions remain to be solved as to the identity of the former With the Nile. Herr Petermann is even more sceptical. Should there bo a connection between the Nile and Nyanza river at Gundo koro, the Nyanza lake, according to -this authority, is only a basin formed by the river, whose source miist be sought farther up the country, probably in the snowy regions to the east. Owing -to the urgent -representations of Herr Petermann, who believes that another expe dition will be attended by the most important results, tlie Kaiser has been induced to appoint one M. 'Maini, to the task, pr'cuiisin'g a -personal, subscription oyer and above the assistance of 'the' Government. It is hopel that, should there be any occasion for further funds, they will be readily contributed by the nobility. M. Miani, a native of Venice, is an experienced traveller, who in a 'journey along the Nile, undertaken foui years ago, penetrated as far as the 2nd_ degree, when he was obliged to return. His opinion on. the results of Captain Spoke— an opinion he has attempted to prove from the English traveller's diary — entirely coincides with that of Dr. Barth. Let him prove it by fact and ho shall bo welcome. At any rate, let him stroll round the tremendous lake, and go to the snowy hilk beside, if ho can possibly get thoro. Whatever liis Tutuie dis coveries, they will not detract from those of the gallant hearts who paved the way.' Extraordinary Presence of Mind.— In a small village near Dubrcczin, Hungary, there lived a Je*', who kept a shop. On the eve of' day of Atoiiomant, before joining his oorcligion ist's iu their customary devotioal exercises, he strictly enjoiued on his daughter, seventeen years old, and his servant, in whose charge ho left the liouBe, not to admit any one into tho house in tho night, under any, pretence whatever. In the night thero was a knook at tho window of the girls room, a peasant demanded, admittance in order to make some purchases for the funeral of his wife on the morrow, a* lie urged, hut the girl would not admit hi in. lio then knocked with the same story, at tho door, which the servant, opened Instantly lie was struck down by tho peasant ivith a hutehot. lie then forced open the bed room door of the girl, and bade her deliver up to him tho property of her father, and prepare for death, as ho could not allow her to live, lest she should Orvulge his liaiuc to tho authorities. In vain werc'lier entreaties to spare her life. ' Then if I' must die,' she nt last said, ' let ine rather meet' a speedy 'death at my own hands, than t. slow, lingering and painful one at yours.' l'o this the villain consented, and closely followed by him, she went to' the shop, took down from the shelf a bottle, opened it, and carried it to her lips. In a trice the contents of the bottle were in the eyes aud face of the robber ; with a shriek of agony lie sank to the- ground. The girl was saved. The bottle contained oil of vitriol. The police who entered the house on the cry raised by her, found the ' servant weltering in his blood, and the murdefer ''writhing in ' agony on the ground. The next dav ' lie died. Vermin aKd Birds. ---There was in my youth as much worry from vermin as now, though per haps there was hot such extensive ravage. Kites, aiid owls, and rooks wero nailed up on barn doors-; foxes spoiled young broods, and caused many tears among children, who wept sore for their pet chicks. Farmers called rooks ' black rascals,' ami hired bird-boys to scare them from the fields. The squires' keepers were always provoking village wives, and maid-servants, and school girls, by shooting cats ; and the whole neighborhood complained of tho consequent plague of mice. In the kitchen garden, 'the worm' was a sad pest in the carrot bed I used to see gooseberry bushes as bare as any -I sec now, botli as to leaves aud fruit; and there was plenty of swearing at the birds in the cherry trees and the wasps among the apricots. Yet mere was no susn complaint, as tar as i remem ber, as we hear this autumn of total de»astation in the fruit garden. However freely the birds might help themselves, tliey a'way3 left enough for us. — Once a Week, Shocking Tragedy at Guildford. — A serjeanc of the 3rd Buffs, named Maghe, took lodgings at Guildford, a few days ago, for him self and a woman' whom' he represented to lie his wife. Nothing was seen of them on Thursday evening, the 5th, and, as they did not make their appearance on Friday morning,' the door of their room' was forced open. The woman was then aeatt — sne naci evidently uc-en strangled ; wuiie Maghe lay beside her, apparently dying from a frightful wound in the throat, which must have been self-inflicted. It has been ascertained that the woman was not the wife of Maghe. 1 It has transpired that her name was Elizabeth Watorer, daughter of Henry Waterer, a game keeper, at Headley, near Epsom, and that she had liceu in the'se'rvice uf Mr. F. Faviell, Down Place, near 'Guildford, up to the evening' when she, iu com pany with the sergeant, applied to tho Coach maker's Arms for lodgings. At the inquest, which was opened on the 7th, Mr. Philips, sur geon, said the wound inflicted on Maghe's throat was likoly to prove fatal, as there was every symptom of approaching inflammation. The infmosfc vvne. Mipn nrlimimofl. ? Tt iq Qiimwicp^ the medical men that the woman had been thrown down by her paramour, and smothered with a pillow, and that he then strangled her with the rope ; that not knowing what do with the body of the victim, and' fearing the consequences of discovery, he attempted liis own life. 'A letter on pink- paper was found in Maghe's trousers pocket, which, it is said, contains the secret of the horrible tragedy ; and the whole of the facts will be goue into at tho adjourned inquiry. A Curious Medical Fact. — It 'is a curious thing that life among the Arabsisamore'healthy kind' than the life of'the self-same Arabs brought into town (even the Spaliis in Paris got sick lately till encamped along with their horses and cows), and the reason has only leaked out gradually. c-ucn Araus nave no disease nice measles, or small-pox, that, among tho Chinese' to wit, either renders blind, or kills 30 per cent, of tho popula tion. The Arabs lie asleep 'with their sheep and oxen. The ' grease,' a peculiar disease bf horses gives cow-pox to the ' caws, and this saves the Arab children from the small-pox. Measles is another disease, as well as consumption that they escape, notue scrnciug mcrs go to snow that measles arise from feathers and straw used in. nurseries for children. Seventy per cent, of i cases spread and arise by infection, so this the A.rab escapes. Consumption again is a disease not know among Arabs, living in the open air ; it is a disease as certainly arising from bad ven tilation iu close rooms as that the sun rises' in the east, or that our Irish v/orkhouses are nursaries of tliis fell disease It is now believed that to bacco ia less injurious to the world than sugar, as the root of a series of diseases ending in rheuma tism and diseased heart. — Dr. Iiidd. Scotch and English Marriages. — DurinC a discussion on the marriage law, before the So cial S jience Association, Lord Brov.ghham related the following anecaote : — i recollect in a trial at -Lancaster, in which I was counsel for the defen dant, that Baron Wood said, that very few oases occurred of such irregular marriages, to which I replied that at that moment, tho See of Canter bury, the Woolsack, and the ofiice of Privy Seal were all filled by men who had contracted irre gular marriages.' His lordship added, ' In every case the parties were re-married on their return to England, and what was the most extraordin ary thing of all, they had tosware they wet'o 'sin gle at the timo.' — Leeds Mercury. A IIatiD Knock. — A pane of plate-glass, in the dicing room of a gentleman iu Sussex, one sixth of an inch in thickness, and measuring nearly four feet in breadth, by three feet six inches in depth, has been broken by a sparrow hawk. The force of the blow was such, that not only 'was the plate cracked in all directions, but pieces ot glass were broken away, leaving an irregular hole four inches long by three inchc's wide. Tho hawk which was killed on the spot was a female in flue plumage, and measured neraly fifteen inches iu extreme length. — Home Neius. A Sicilian Solomon.— The Corrterc Skill aixo of Palmero, relates the following anecdote — ' An officer in command of a detachment having received information that a young conscript had concealed himself in a villa, proceeded thither, and stated the Objcct of his visit to (lie lady of tlio house, who immediately affirmed that he was mistaken, and produced her two daiightors as tho only inmates of the house. The officer, after a minute search, finding no one else, told the lady that dhc of her daughters must be the delinquent. The lady protested against this insinuation, but the officer recollecting the judgment of Solomon, intimated to -tho two young ladies that they must both go with hi:n to the barracks. At this an nouncement one of the young ladies blushed, and tho other — grew pale, and thereby discovered the trick. The officer at once requested tho pale lady to put on clothes of other sex, and to follow him to his regiment.' The Sultan. — It is reported that the Sultan who promised to be so economical, has com menced the usual career of Turkish extravagance He is rebuilding ' the Seraglio,' the great palace rocently destroyed by fire— in which he is right — and erecting five or six more in gratification of his own whim. Tho exponso is enormous, while at the same time 30,000,000 piastres aro about to bo added to the papor currency, to pay the Syrian indemnity. Tho Sultan is conse quently becoming unpopular, hut it is by no means clear that he is aware of the stato of liis ovni treasury, — Spectator. Thero are 2,3f)J) malos, 213 females employed as lelegraph operators in England aud Wales. — Shrcwsben/ Chronicle. Capture of a Supposed Busiihangep. in I'.mbryo. — At tho East Maitland Police Court, a Canadian seaman, who gave his name William Burke, was yesterday brought beforo the Bench on a charge of vagrancy. Constable John Coch rane deposed as follows : - From information re ceived, I apprehended' prisoner about six o'clock last Thursday evening iu West Maitland, on a charge of vagrancy ; on prisoner 1 found a doublo barrel led pistol and some caps, but no other am munition ; he is a stranger in tho district ; he lias no fixed place of abode, or visible means of support ; I asked him where he was going, and he first answered up the country, afterwards he said on board ship, aud wanted the pistol to shoot- eagles with at sea ; witness produced the pistol. George Henry Victor Backmann de posed: Between' five and six o'clock last evening prisoner came to my shop, and asked me to buy liis swag ; L had a double-barreled pistol in my baud, and he asked me how much I ' wanted for if ; I 'Said'os. ; I bought his 'blanket and its con teuts (some shirts, writing paper, pens, and a comforter), for fire shillings, and sold him the pistol for the same sum ; I asked him what lie wanted' Mm nist.ol for. and lie said (lint 1 u-ncn't supposed to know that : I said I hoped he would not lay hands on himself; he said 'I am not suoh a — ^ — fool — I'd rather shoot somebody else;' he also said, 'I'll have some money very soon, and that on this ? road!' he asked me for a ball for the pistol, and some powder ; I had not any ; he was laughing all the time he spoke, and was very strange in his man ner ; he said he was going after his mate, who had gone to Newcastle, and taken his chcque for '-£8. I gave him some caps. Constablo Coch rane, re-examined stated : I was present when the turnkey of the Berrima gaol saw prisoner; lie said, ' Hallo, Burke, is this where you are T' oo;,i 'i v«» ?' r not-o,i * ? i-„„ :e i,„ I I A VUHIHCJ 11 lie knew the prisoner, aud he answered, 'Yes, he was with us twice for robbery ;' prisoner heard him nnd did not deny it; I asked him afterwards about it, and ho said he was in Ber rima gaol'ouce for drunkenness, aud once for de sertion. Tho prisoner was then asked by the Bench what ha had lo say for himself, and whether he could show that ho had lawful means of support. Prisoner made a nunitcr of state ments, amongst them was that he was a sailor, and left his ship— the Oc-.on Eagle-— in Mclboure about eight months ago ; that he had been work ing at Mudgee about eight or nine months for Jlr. Cawson ; also that he had been working on the Collaroy station, near Cassilis, pressing wool; he could not remember the name of the 'o'wrior of the station, but had heard liis wife hau gone to liiiiglaml ; lie did not Know liis mate s name ; his mate had gone to a seaport town near hand to leave the country. He was a stranger iu this district, and did not know any one. He admitted that he had 'been iu Berrima gaol about four years ago for drunkenness and dese'rtion. The Bench remanded him until next Tuesday.'- — Maitland Mercury. The Oooma Mail Rorbery. The prisoners Birmingham and Dunne were brought up for 'further examination. The evidence of Thomas Rayworth was taken down : On the 26th of last mbnth' I was robbed of the mail-bags about seven': in the eveniug, and about thirteen miles from Queanbbyan, two miles this side bf the Rob Roy Inn. A man with a double- barrelleJ gun stopped me and told me to bail up ; I did so ; he told irieto unbu'ckle the straps which were fastening the mail-bags on the saddle ; I did so ; he tlieii asked ine which was the registered bag, I said I did not know the registered bag from any other, he pointed to the largest hug and got that, he looked at it, and then' said he -srould take all the bags ; Mr Mayne was there all tbo time ; I believe he is an architect : I would know the nian again if I saw him ; the farthest of the two prisoners before the Court is the man who stopped me and robbed me : he told me to have i i i i i.;_. ? T 1. a gooo iOOK ac 11I1U, au uuib i wuuiu kuuw iiiui again ; while he 'was taking the bags he cooeyed once or twice, not very loud, as if to call attention from somebody in the bush, in which direction he was looking, and in 'which direction he after wards took the mail-bags ; he put the mail-bags on the horse he was riding, and took them away, he was riding a chcstuut horse' w ich had a blaze down tho'face ;' the horse at the door of the Court house answers the description of the horse he was riding ; he treated me to a glass of wine which he got from Mr Mayne ; he said ho had two or three mates in the bush ; ho told mo to take niy time in going to Queanbeyan ; I ctluld not in .,m. nf tlio Viorts that whs' taken from mo. I received them at Micalago to Queanbeyan ; when he told mo to bail up, he had the gun under his arm and the muzzle towards me ; I never saw him again till to-day'; the man who calls himself Birmingham is the man who Btoppfd me and robbed on the 26th of last month. The j prisoners were remanded. — Golded Age. A Touching Incident in the New Zea land War. — Tho New Zealand Herald contains the ' following touching story ; — ' The chief Ngakapa, of ths Ngati'whauauuga tribe was one of' tho fighting men in the Ranga rira redoubt, and with him was his wife Ran £iura, as indeed many other women were present j and fell on 'the occasion, remaining in tho rear, and loading the guns, while those they had just loaded were being fired by their husbands. Dur ing the engagement Rangiura, seeing a soldier level a rifle at her husband, at onco, and with the quick instinct of affection, threw herself in front of him, and received the bullet in her own , breast-. Ngakapa escaped unhurt. This brave 'woman, who thus sacrificed herselt for her bus \- ' . . , . r ? ? i .-1 ? ? ? l band, was tlio (Ua-gntcr oi a cuiuuruLuv. umci, xu Aioraroa, of the same tribe, the Ngatiwhaua unga.' The Condemned Criminal, Thomas M'Cann. — At nine o'clock this morning the unfortunate man, Thomas M'Cann, will undergo the last dread sentence of the law in the yard of Dar limdiurst Gaol. The Roman Catholic Arch bishop, tho Rev. Father Dwyer (who is one of the'cliaplaiiis of the gaol), and the Rev. lather Sheridan, aro unremitting iu their attentions upon tho Unhappy man. The Sisters of Mercy aro also constant in 'their visits upon him. M'Caun appears to be about thirty-five years of a-fe. It is said that he was onco a Sergeant in the Melbourne police force. It is believed that he has a mother residing on the Manning River, and a sister who is mai'ried to a respectable, tradesman in Victoria. Efforts have been made to communicate with the latter, but without suo cess. Last evening, as the Sacred Heart chapel, the officiating -clergyman, Father Conway, called upon the congregation to offer up their prayers on behalf of the condemned criminal.— Empire. ' Depth of 'Snake Holes. — A curious proof of the depth to which Australian snakes burrow was noticed the other day at Yandoit. Some; men who had commenced sinking a shaft, found at, the distance of nine feot from tho surface, a young - snake, coiled up, with a frog in his middle. The forrior animal must liavo carried down its prey to feast on it at leisure. Of course, the appetite of tho suako for its dinner was quickly spoiled by tho discoverers. It is not easy to understand how snakes can penetrate bo far into theEOil. * I 