MONDAT, FEBRUARY 1, 1864. We presume that there can be no question, throughout the country, either as to the necessity, the feasibility, or the popularity of a measure having in view the consolidation of the statute laws of the colony. To people and to lawyers alike, that scheme cannot be other than acceptable which promises to the community the prospect of a better apprehension of the laws under which they livo, and to the profession the means of a readier interpretation of those laws. Both parties are inter- ested in a discussion such as that which Mr. HIGINBOTHAM elicited in the House on Friday night. A good moral effect could not fail to be produced by making law portable. The citizen has the opportunity of studying his duties for {himself, and so sparing his purse, while the lawyer has the means at his disposal of saving bia energies and economizing his time. Both wÙl benefit. Every man will have the chance of knowing something of law, and every lawyer will have the chance of knowing something more than law. Every man will be more of his own lawyer, and every lawyer will be more of his " own " man." It will lessen the risks and perils of legislation to the one, and the other will no longer be a victim to that ex- acting, engrossing character which has distinguished his profession since BLACK- STONE penned " The Lawyer's Farewell " to his Muse." Locally, the question of codification and consolidation is as- suming very urgent proportions. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM gave very pointed illus- trations of the state of confusion to which the statutes have arrived among us. English laws, immaterial to the subject, have become incorporated with colonial, and the jumble of juris- prudence, thus imperfect in structure, is rendered almost inaccessible by the ab- sence of all arrangement. It is not ne- cessary to reproduce his illustrations, but if they are authentic, as everybody knows them to be, there can bo no con- troversy about the danger of delaying the measure. The House will recognize the impolicy of postponing the occasion, and allowing material to accumulate be- yond the reach of treatment. The Eng- lish have failed to improve the oppor- tunity offered them since the time of BACON, and the result is, tho English have a couple of tons of law to digest, while the Frenchman carries his codified duodecimo in his coat-pocket. The num- ber of existing laws which the Vic torian reformer would havo to deal with, Mr. HIGINBOTHAM tells us, is about 400, which he purposes to reduce to sixty. It is clear that the assent of the Houses to the Act of Consolidation cannot be justifiably withheld on the grounds that the laws to be consolidated need more or less amendment. The question of amendment is, after all, only a question of time. The technical con- solidation of the laws does not shut the door against future alteration, and a foimal passing of the bill without discus- sion does not render them impossible to be discussed. Circumstances will arise in duo time, and opportunities offer them- selves, to demand a repeal or an amend- ment of statutes; and it should seem ' scarcely worth while to anticipate the circumstances for the sake of. presently amending them. The question of amendment is the difficulty in all codification. It is ne- cessary that legislation should keep pace with the progress of society, and un- doubtedly it would save much trouble and a good deal of expenso, if the laws could bo perfected before the labour of codification commenced. But, in the present instance, the gain, on the score of economy, would not bo commen- surate with tho loss, on tho score of convenience, occasioned by the delay.' If the Assembly is allowed to hold a pre- liminary discussion on each individual statute, half a dozen sessions would not bring Mr. HIGINBOTHAM'S scheme to a close; and, indeed, it would be neces- sary, as that gentleman threatens, to withdraw the scheme altogether. The country is quite prepared to accept Mr. HIOINBOTHAM'S assurance in its fullest sense, " that the bills to be submitted " are strictly consolidating bills, and that " every precaution had been used to " provont error." Mr. DON'S terror about re-enacting the bad laws which ho helped to make, is not worth a moment's consideration, as wo do not happen to be living under the regime of the Medes and Persians. It is one of the lessons of history that a despotism is moro favourable to the inception and prosecution of great na- tional works than free institutions. With such obstructives as. the member for Collingwood in her path, Progress may bo excused for sighing for a JUS- TINIAN or a NAPOLEON. Supposing, however, that the House has suffi- cient confidence in the mover of the measure, and the privilege of discussion is waived, there ia this con- sideration to be oncountored next, how aro the laws, once consolidated, to be kept consolidated ? The Government proposes to keep the type in which the laws have been printed standing, " so " that when a member wished to intro " duco an alteration into an existing law, " he would not havo an occasion for in " troducing a mere amending bill, but "he would be able to introduce an " amendment into the Consolidation " Act." Such a plan, it is suggested, would prevent confusion, and save the public money. The motives aro ob- viously unassailable, but we are afraid the device itself is impracticable. "We havo no hesitation in condemning it on the score of convenience at once. Amendments in the course of legislation must accumu- late on amendments, and the effect of hav- ing every amendment incorporated into the original text would be to impose end- less inconvenienco on the possessors of that text. It would suit the public in- terest better, if every amendment were published separately, supplementing the original text as the Novels supple- mented the Pandects. The difficulty of preserving the accumulated matter in type, ready for fresh accumulations, would, we imagine, be found to be* in- superable. The inducement of cheap- ness, which Mr. HIGINBOTHAM holds out, he undoubtedly has a right to make all the capital of ho may. But, after all, the printing of a single amendment need not cost moro than the printing of a Bingle bill-such as the Local Government Bill, which, in spite of its length, only cost, says Mr. HIGIN- BOTHAM, £36. It is the reduplication of amendments that consumes the na- tional money. Though the printing of the Local Bill only cost £Z6, the printing of the amendments upon it amounted to .£694. The remedy for this, indeed, we have suggested over and over again, and it is a matter of satisfaction to us to find that the Government at length re- cognize the " desirability of appointing a " Parliamentary draftsman." The expe- rience of every session speaksloudly to the policy of such au appointment. Bills are brought in informally, are informally framed, are sent to the printers' hands, and during their transition from the printers' hands to the public are muti- lated, and even fundamentally altered. This evil would be avoided, and we should probably have not only fewer technical blunders, but fewer useless bills. It is just possible that the House would " exercise a little more caution in autho " rizing their introduction." A recent article in The Tines, com- menting upon the Bishop of Oxford's speech at a great missionary meeting held in Manchester, puts a question of some importance, on behalf of the public who subscribe to missionary societies. Bishop WILBEEFOKOB has complained, with all that force of fervid and unctu- ous eloquence of which he is so consum- mate a master, of the apathy of the British people towards missionary enter- prises. The Times, in reply, asks, very pertinently, for some information as to what has been done already towards the accomplishment of the great object onj which so much money has been Bpentl" and so much zeal and labour expended. The process of converting the heathen has now been in operation for a great many years. It costs annually a large sum to the British nation. Is it too much to expect some tan- gible results from missionary workî Is it not time to ask whether a bless- ing has attended the labours of that powerful organization which has taken in hand the conversion of the heathen over all the globe, and which has at its command all the loose piety and all the available cash of tho great and wealthy people of England 1 Wo are a commercial people, and we may fairly ask for some account of the results of the venture. The revenue of our missionary societies is one of the standing wonders of the intelligent foreigner. The total sum subscribed every year in England is estimated at . between five and six hundred thousand, pounds, Afl* tho resources of JSnglish energy, and of English practical skill, are devoted to the object, we presume, of making this money go as far as it will. The objects of the proselytizing zeal of the missionaries are as various as the races which own the dominion of England. From Green- land to Fernando Po-from Patagonia to New Guinea,-there is scarcely a spot on the faco of the earth untrodden by the foot of the British missionary. Hindoos and Hottentots-Maories and Male gassies-Australians, Esquimaux, Fee jeeans, Chinese-there is not a race un- provided for. Arian, Turanian, Semitic -for all and each there is a society in London, with a secretary, a committee, an income, and annual meeting at Exe- ter Hall. The Jew is not too civilized, the Bosjesman too savage-for the operations of a missionary Bocioty. What has been the net gain of all this labour? What have we received in return for our money ? Surely it cannot be right, even in a religious point of view, to throw away all this money on the heathen, which might be turned to good use at home. We have recently seen a report, published by a society for the conversion of the Jews, which informs us that, in return for a net annual ex- penditure of £35,000, sixty Jews have been made into Christians. This, sub- mitted to the worldly process of arith- metic, is at the rate of one Jew for some. £583,. We may fairly ask whether it is "right to pay so much to got so little. Thirty-five thousand a-year would feed and olothe a large number of our own poor-it would maintain all the ragged-^ schools and soup-kitchens in London., The only plea on which tins sort of expenditure can be justified, is, that it bears some fruit, however scanty. But what is the truth about these mis- sionary societies » Which of them can be regarded as, even in a spiritual sense, doing a good stroke of business 1 Where are we to find the record of results? There are, it is true, a vast number of missionary reports^ weeldy, monthly, and yearly. But are wo seriously supposed to take what we find in these to be vruot according to the conventional notion of what is truth» Do the hundreds of thousands of sub- scribers to the missionary fund accept these stories from Boorioboola-Gha and Hurrumzadahore as conveying any satis- factory evidence of a return for the money spent 1 It is not that wo would insinuate that the missionary reports are deliberately fabricated. It is probable that tho party first and most oasily de- ceived is the writer of the report him- self, Nor do we intend to put any such question as, how many absolutely real and true Christians are made every year through the missionary sooietios. We demand only to know what prac- tical result has followed from missionary work-what number of tolerable, work- day Christians are turned out by our expensive and laborious process-what good Las resulted to morals-what greater happiness Los been diffused throughout the world-how much civili- zation has been extended, through mis- sionary enterprise. Surely, the answer ought to be easy to our question if the half-a- million of missionary reve- nue has been properly employed. We do not expect a miracle, but we do expect that some part of the world may be quoted where the work of the missionary has been attended with a blessing. Is it Western Africa ? Is it India? Is it Polynesia?-From none of these great quarters of the world is the report very assuring. The utmost that can be placed to the credit of the TniRsinnrtripH is, that .they have coated the original barbarian with a slight "veneer of British evangelicism. It is doubtful whether the native article has been improved by the process. The greatest and boldest of modern mission- aries, LIVINGSTONE, has been obliged to confess~that ina labours were thrown away upon the _echuanas and tlië Makoïolos of the African interior*,. ~and~~that to preach the Gospel witli out some previous civilization of a practical kind, waB a hopeless and pro- fitless task. The late Bishop of Madras, Dr. SPENCES, when pressed by a com- mittee of the House of Lords to state how many real converts he thought thero were in India, would not commit himself to more than half-a-dozen : and few of those who know anything about the material upon which the missionary has to work in Hindostán will dissent from the bishop's opinion. As to the fields of missionary labour lying more immediately -within our own observation, what real progress have we to note in Christianity ? Where are we to look for the good effects of the intercourse between the European missionary and the aboriginal savage? Not in Poly- nesia proper, surely, the favourite preaching ground of the London socie- ties. A few good things, ifc would be unjust to deny, havo been done by the white missionary for his black brother ; but at what cost ? The islanders have been taught to be ashamed of their old vices, but has virtue come with the knowledge of evil? In some of the islands, they havo left off eating each other; in others, they aro so far ad- vanced as to reserve human flesh for a special dainty. ,The cocoa-nut and string of savagery have given place to the tail- coat and cocked-hat of civilization. The poke bonnet has superseded red ochre and whale oil; and the fashion in wedges through the nose has declined. There has even been attained, as in the Sandwich Islands, a certain bastard sort of civili- zation, making of Honolulu a sort of third-rate Yankee Wapping. But have we ever fairly reckoned the cost, not in money alone, but in the Uves and in the happiness of the Polynesians, involved in making them such as they now are ? Are the Feeieeans or the Sa moansöf the present day really better than the simple children of nature who received our early voyagers ? t What has become of Tahiti, that earthly Para dise as it appeared to COOK and to LA PEROUSE ? There is nothing moro me- lancholy than the aspect of these "sum " mer Mes of Eden" in their improved and regenerate state. All the old bloom of innocence is lost, without any com* pensation but the knowledge of sînful ~nesB. And civilization" has been a deadly process to these our converts. In ceasing to be what they were, they perish altogether. They are converted, but they die. They will be improved off altogether in a few moro generations. In a country still nearer our own, wo have a capital example of the altogether unprofitable working of missionary on terprize. What the missionaries bave done for New Zealand, is perhaps the most familiar chapter in the history of British conversion. They found the Maories a generous, brave, hospitable, and open-hearted race, with few or none,of the savage vices, and bearing a remarkable resemblance and analogy to Englishmen. They have left them,, after some sixty years ot peaceful and uninterrupted labour, reduced to one fourth of their old number, altered in character, and waging a bitter and cruel war against their English brethren. From being friendly, peaceable, and hospitable, the Maories have become churlish, rapacious, and vindictive. They are better Christians. _if we may take Bishop PERRY'S words, than our- selves, They are more zealous and punctual in all religious duties-they are, especially, rigid observers of the Sabbath. But they are waging a furious war, in "a more cruel and barbarous spirit, with far less of chivalrous feel- ing, than they ever did before. Who are responsible for this if not the mis- sionaries ? Have we no right to expect some better result of their teaching than this ? Who has stirred up the strife between the two races? Who has thwarted the natural process of amalga- mation? From the beginning the Maories have been well disposed to the British connexion. They have shown a remark- able aptitude for assimilating thomselves to English habits and feelings ; and there was once a reasonable hope that they would escape that cruel destiny which seems to demand the absolute extinction of the dark man when in contact with the white. lf, unhappily, the Maories become included in this doom, it is impossible to attribute their fate to anything but the missionary policy. From the beginning they have been taught by their spiritual guides to be jealous and suspicious of Europeans. It is matter of history that the mis- sionaries resisted by every means in their power the annexation of New Zealand, and since the connexion, they have never ceased, by their teaching and their counsels, to keep the two races apart. They took extraordinary pains to form a Maori language, and to reduce a savage jargon to alphabet and grammar, when they might, with less labour, and in shorter time, have taught their converts English. They thus deliberately created a for- midable element of difference between the two races. They have fed the first sparks of the strife, by openly taking part with the Maories against their own countrymen ; and by their sympathy and counsels, have embittered a quarrel which might otherwise have never ended in bloodshed. What greater en- couragement can be given to savages than for the very religious ministers of the white man to tell them that they are in the right and that the Europeans are in the wrong? Yet this is what the missionaries have done in New Zea land under our own eyes. It is needless to say that we do not go to the length of charging the mis- sionaries with deliberate treason. We believe them in the main, whether in New Zealand or elsewhere, honest, pious, and well-meaning men. We should have no reason to fear them were they otherwise. But we may fairly charge them with ignorance, in the con- duct of their enterprizes-with want of tact in their dealings with the heathen —with zeal too much, credulity too large, and a melancholy lack of all those ro- buster worldly qualities, as needful to the true missionary as piety, earnestness, evangelical unction, and love of the approbation of Exeter-hall. On Wednesday and Thursday last tho Ex- hibition-building-most useful as it has boen for many purposes-found itself employed in. a new phase, that of an examination hall. Upwards of 160 members of the volunteer force were there assembled, under tho now regulations, to bo examined as to their fitness for promotion, either as subalterns or non- commissioned officers. Those who aspired to the higher grade had to pass an examination in arithmetic and English, in addition to one in Bquad and com- pany drill, which, all were required to pass. A further opportunity was given to all of showing their knowledge of battalion and rifle drill. Ten decks were arranged In tho length of the Exhibition-building, capable of holding 170, giving to each four clear feet of space. Simultaneously, by tho same set of papers, examinations were conducted at Bal- larat, Castlemaine, and Geelong. The total number of candidates has, we believe, ex- ceeded 220. The examiners must have had their bonds pretty full in going over tho files of papers sent in to them, but we understand that their verdict, so far as passing the exa- mination is concerned, will bo notified at the Volunteer-office this forenoon, though the list of candidates classified In order of morifc cannot bo expected till to- morrow morning at tho earliest. The return matches between the first and second elevens of the Melbourno and Rich- mond Clubs were continued on Saturday, tho one on the Blchmond and tho other on the Melbourne ground. Tho game between tho premier elevens was not the closely-contested one which was expected-fortune having de- clared unmistakably in favour of Richmond. The acores wore:-Melbourno-first innings, 140, and second innings only forty ; while in their first innings the Blchmond men obtained 120, John Huddles tone being the highestscoror, with a well got fifty-three. On going in a second timo the Eichmond team had only sixty to get, and the required number was secured by Howitt and Greaves, with tho help of three for sundries, the former making twenty-nine and the latter twenty- oight, the game having thus been won with ten wickets to go down. The play on the part of tho Richmond eleven was of a high character, and their victory is a complete and well earned one. Bryant deserves special men- tion, for his admirable bowling during the whole of the second innings of the Melbourno men. Thoy (the Richmond men) laboured, too, under the disadvantage of batting with one short of their number, Wills being with the English Eleven. The match between the second elevens, to which much less interest attached, has not been finished, and is not likely to be played out. The play on the part of both elevens was of an average character. There were a number of other cricketing events on Saturday. A match was played between the Excelsior and Albion Cricket Clubs, resulting in an easy victory for the former, by ona innings and forty-four runs. For tho second time this season, tho Alma and Union first elevens had a friendly game, on tho ground of the former, and on this occa- sion fortune was reversed, tho Alma winning by fifty-two runs and fivo wickets to spare ; tho scores being-Union, fifty; and Alma, 102 runs for five wickets. A match was played at Brunswick between the oleven of Bruns- wick and an eighteen of the Preston Oriokefc Club, which resulted in a victory for tho former by a majority of twenty-five runs and ono wicket to go down. Brunswick scored seventy-six to fifty-one of the Preston. On the St. Kilda Park ground a match was played between eleven of the employis of Messrs. L. Stevenson and Sons and a similar number belonging to the firm of Messrs. Watson and Sons. The fortune of the day declared in favour of tho first-named team, who secured an easy victory, having won in one innings, and with six runs to spare. Their total was eighty-seven, while in their first innings the rival team only made twenty-fonr. They were a little more suc- cessful in their second innings, when fifty seven were placed to their credit. The East Melbourne Club, with a mixed eleven, playod the Caulfield Club, and won in one innings, .with four runs to spare, tho scores being East Melbourne, 110; and Caulfield, fifty nine and forty-seven. At tho Blchmond Folleo Court on Saturday last, two men named Martin Moran and Michael Higgins wore charged with making a row in tho Albion Hotel, Bridge- road, on Sunday, January 24. It appeared from tho statement of Mr. W. Binks, the landlord, that Moran had been irritated by a refusal to give him liquor on credit, and subsequently threatened violence to the landlord and his wife and sorvant. Some violence was actually used, and, though no pistol was .produced, Moran, who was by far the worst of tho two, threatened to blow Mr. Binks's brains out. Eventually, the two prisoners were arrested, though a third party to the offence, one O'Kcefe, had managed to escape. Tho Bench fined Moran £10, or, in default, three months' imprisonment ; and Higgins £2, or two weeks' imprisonment. Moraa ap- peared as complainant in the two next case», and accused Mrs. Binks with assault, as also Mr. Binks with Sunday trading. Both charges were, however, dismissed. James Woods, arrested for being illegally on the pro- mises of Mr. Brahe, of Mary-street, on Friday last, was remanded till Wednesday. Tho Caledonian Society of Victoria hold its annual goneral meeting on Saturday lost, at tho Port Phillp Club Hotel, in Flinders street; Mr. J. B. Butters, vice-president, offi» oiated as chairman. After a few formal preliminaries, the hon. Eocrotary, Mr. J. J. Shillinglaw, read tho correspondence received, which included a letter from tho Chief Booro, taiy'fl office, giving tho society permission to erect a permanent grandstand in the Zoolo- gical GardcDB, on certain conditions ; and ono from Mr. Lachlan Mackinnon, deolinlng to accept the presidency of tho Bocioty, as Boroo years since ho had laid it (Iowa as a rule to [ abstain from taking any office connected with any kind of public institutions. The letter grantingthosiioforthestandwas received with acclamation. The hon. secretary next brought np the report of the directors, which set foith the history of the society daring tho past year-how it had helped tho " New way to pay old debts," initiated by the late Mr. J. V. A. Bruce, joined In the rejoicings at the Princo of Wales' marriage, endeavoured to hold a gathering In December last, and did other things of le£3 consequence. On the motion of Mr. Thomson, seconded by Mr. Eeid, the report was adopted. Mr. G. Simpson, hon. treasurer, handed in a statement of accounts, which was set asido to ha audited. It ap- peared that the society had paid its debts, got gome JE8 or £9 in hand, and £200 worth of duo subscriptions. The hon. secretory and trea- surer having intimated their intention of resigning office, the meeting was adjourned lill Saturday noxt. Thomas Mcadcrofr, one of Colonel Pitt's pECudo-militaiy settlers for New Zealand, was lined 63. for drunkenness at the Sandridge Police Court on Friday. The volunteer brass band, under Mr. Har tlgan's leadership, is to play again at the St. Kilda Esplanade thiB evening. We hear thot the committee are making somo further im- provements, with a view to givo greater effect io the muslo. The City Council will meet at the Town hall this oftemcon, at the usual hour. Three drafts of bye-laws will he submitted by the legislative Committee, and for the consi- deration of one of them, relating to the cab regulations, a call of the whole council has teen ordered. By a report of the same committee the council aro recommended to appoint a deputation to wait upon tho Chief Secretary relative to the occasionally oppressive manner in which tho Town and Country Police Act Is put in force. The following is a statement of the number nnd clessification of the prisoners detained in the Central Gaol on Satur- day last:-For trial-before the Supreme Couit, 20 males, 6 females ; before magis- trates, 7 males, 1 female. Under sentence -road gang, 9 males ; hard labour, 86 males, 11 females ; imprisonment only, 63 males, d4 females. Detained-as lunatics, 4 moles, 1 femalo; In default of bail, 8 males, á females; debtors, 8. Total-205 males, C6 females. We observe, from an announcement in the Auckland Gazette of the 11th nit,, that a sub- scription is about to he organized in the -various provinces of New Zealand for " the Wives and families of tho3e of Her Majesty's regular and colonial force? who have fallen, and may hereafter fell, in tho course of tho present war in the colony." » At the half-yearly meeting of the Union Mining Company (Eaglehawk), Tarrengower, on Wednesday last, a dividend of two and a half per cent, was declared. We have our flies from Sydney to the 27th ult Tho Mount Alexander Mml has already commenced to agitate the question of the representation of Castlemaine in Parliament, In anticipation of the next general election. The Mc.il wama Dr. Macadam that he must propitiate some other constituency, if he de- sires to sit in the next Parliament. Castle- maine, it is said, will elect him no more. The commanding officer's parade of the East Collingwood Birles will be held to- morrow morning, at a quarter to six. The Head-Quarters Band gave a musical performance on the Flagstaff hill on Satur- day afternoon. There was a good attendants of visitors, by whom tho entertainment was highly appreciated. In boating matters on Saturday there was only one event which need be noticed, and that was a four-oared race contested by four crows of the Leander Club. The day was line, and there were a number of spectators on the banks of the river. Tho Yarra being hardly wide enough to permit of BO many boats pulling abreast of each other, it was de- termined to run the race in heats, and the first crews to start were -Messrs. J. Buchanan, W. Wallan, J. Cullen, J. Mitchell (stroke) ; and Messrs. Goldio, Kipling, Bishop, and Hall (stroke). Both crews put in an appearance In good time, and a capital start was effected by Mr. Rolls, of the Ariel Club, who did duty on the occasion. From tho starting-place until rounding Fuller's corner the raco wai a very fine one, the boats being stem and stem, with both crews pretty hard at work. At that point, however, Mitchell's crew got their boat in advance, and ultimately won cloverly by about three lengths. Tho comp3titors in the next heat were the winners in the first, of course, and MeBSiB. T. Wallan, D. Graunson, F. Massey, and N. Cullen (stroko). Again a fine start was effected, the boats keeping well together for a quarter of a mile. Then, how- ever, a foul unfortunately took place, tho rudder of Mitchell's boat being unshipped. Under these circumstances, it was impossible lo finish the race, and both crews returned to lho starting-point, when it wes resolved to pestpono the undecided heat until a future occasion. The election for the representation of Bal- larat West has iesolved itself into a contest between two local men, Mr. Hobert Lewis and Mr. Vale. Tho Star, of the 30th ult., says : "Mr. Cope retired yesterday morning, and Mr. Kinnear deemed discretion to be the better part of valour, and was not even nominated, Some persons held that Mr. Kinnear had a fair chance of success after the retirement of Mr. Cope, but we bslteve that Mr. Kinnear acted wisely. He ha?, however, cleared the way for coming into the field at the general election, when he may, no doubt, hopo for better prospects. The nominations will be officially declared at the hustings, Sturt street, at noon to-day, by the returning officer, Mr. Baker. It is generally uadeistood that no speaking can take placo on such occasions, but there seems to be nothing in the act to prohibit candidates addressing the electors, and we understand that the returning officer Will not throw any obstacle in their way." The shares in the recently projected Frei- borg Silver Smelting and General Mining As- sociation, St. Arnaud (limited), having been taken up to tho required extent-namely, 24,000, and the association boing now re- gistered, a meeting of shareholders was eld on Saturday forenoon, at the offices of Mr. J. B. Woro, Collins-street weat, for the pur- pose of electing a body of six managing direc- tors. The shareholders present represented shares to tho extent of 15,000. Mr. Charles N. Thorno presided, and briefly explained the objects of the meeting. On the motion of Mn J. Masters, seconded by Dr. Sale, the __ following gouilemen woro appointed to serve on the directory :-Messrs. John Carfrae, Alfred Douglass, James Graham, Andrew H. Knight, Thomas Macredie, and Josiah W. Walker. After the appointment of the board, some conversation took place as to the pro- mising nature of the undertaking; and the meoting closed with the usual amenities. . _ Tnere were no cases brought before the Emerald-hill Police Court on Saturday last. An inquest was held on Saturday, before the district coroner, at the Yarra BeHd Lunatio Asylum, upon the body of a patient named Margaret Maloney, who died on the preced- ing day. Deceased was forty-five years of ?r?«and hRd beon an inm ate Binco December, 1865\. On the 20th of last month sha waa seized with a violent attack of dysentery, which continued up to the time of her death on the 29th, Friday last. Death was evi- dently the result of dysentery, and the jury returned a verdict to that effect. Wa understand that late on Saturday night' or early on Sunday morning, an attempt was made to effect an ontrance to No. 8 Granits terraco, Gertrude- street, Fitzroy, for the pur- pose of robbery. The occupant of ono of the apartments of the house was roused from sleep by a noise at the window, as if of some person endeavouring to raiso it, and on rising to ascertain the causo, a man was plainly aeon leaving the window and making a hasty exit at the gato. The would-bo burglar got clear off. The ship Gresham sailed on Saturday afternoon for Auckland, with volunteers, and wives and children of the Waikato settlers. Some difficulties with the crew arose before tho ship sailed, and for some time the men refused to weigh the anchor. Peace, however, was restored, and the ship was towed to sea. Sho will be followed by the Swiftsure and the Brilliant. By the Trieste, from San Francisco, wo have Californian journals of the 23rd Novem- ber. They contain little news. A correspondent sends the Bendigo Adver- tiser the following account of a remarkable meteor which he noticed on Wednesday night :-"Wednesday, 27th January, 8.48 p.m., a meteor appeared in the zenith ; the effect was a dazzling illumination, as if the sun had suddenly burst forth. For about two seconds every object was as visible as in broad day- light, then the great blaze disappeared, and a luminous body, like a very large rayless star, giving a bluish light, shot rapidly towards S.E., and disappeared." The following telegrams wero received by Messrs. William Clark o and Sons on Satur- day:-Yield of the Ajax Association 629oz. 13dwt" the last ten tons crushed having given 180oz, of gold; Tyson's Beef, 7 oz. from sixty-eight tons ; Hustler's Beef, 857oz. ; Catherine United Company, 165oz. ; Alliance Company, 91oz, ; Agamemnon Association, Ccz. ; and the Achilles Association (Taradale), lOoz. We may add that the Ajax mine has nowpaBsed from the tributors to the pos- session of the shareholders. The annual exhibition of the Mornington Farmers' Society will take place on Wednes- day, the 24th February, at the show-yards, Cranbourne. The piize-list has been arranged and published. Prizes have bean offered for cattle, but it has not been deemed desirable to offer prizes for machinery at this exhibi- tion. The exhibition of Professor Pepper's ghost at the Princess's Theatre terminated on Saturday evening. The nightly attendance throughout the week has been very scanty, aud the proceeds must havo fallen very far Bhort of tho expenses. On the whole, Mr. Cosford's speculation must have been a very unfortunate one, which is to be account 3d for by the fact that It was made too late. " Sensa- tion" is in its nature transient, aud largely depends upon the novelty of a first impres- sion. Had the prcsont ghost been supplied some months ago, when ghosts wero in large demand, there is no doubt that it would have yielded far more satisfactory returns to its importers. Mr. Birch concluded his season at tho Poly- technic on Saturday evening, when tho "Holiday Trip" was performed for the one hundred and first time in Melbourne. At the close of the performance, Mr. Birch said his "farewell" in the following words:-"It only remains for mo once more to bid you adieu, and in so doing I beg to offer you my thanks for the vory kind patronage you have bo stowed upon mo-a patronago for which I am indeed grateful, and of which I think you will own I have reason to ba justly proud when I inform you that I have just con- cluded tho one hundred and first represen- tation of my entertainment, and that nearly 80,000 persons have visited this one Httle entertainment, given in this one little rGom, by this one little man-though, by the way, I ought not to leave out the affection- ate and able assistance I have derived from my one-and mind you, ladies and gentle- men, only one-little wife. I will therefore couple her name with my own, and say that if we should ever appear before you again it will be in an entirely new entertainment, and that, having so far succeeded in pleasing you our utmost efforts shall be used to give you something still more worthy of your accept- ance. With this promise, and tho assurance that it will always bo our endeavour, both in our public and in our private characters, to moi it a continuance of that support with which you havo hitherto BO generously favoured us, wo onco more, with sincere and warm thanks, bid you farewell." The opera of " La Sonnambula," in whioh Miss Emma Howson has made a highly suc- cessful appearance, and gained abundance of applause, was repeated at the Haymarket Theatre on Saturday evening. There was a good house, all parts of tho theatre having been fairly filled. Miss Howeon'a version of tho charming Blcop-walker is a very satisfac- tory one in every respect, and she was quite as happy in her rendering of it on Saturday evening as on previous occasions. The music of tho opera is well adapted for her pleasant, fresh voice, and her singing from beginning to end is of a careful and intelligent character. Sho was again ably supported by Miss Clelia Howson as Lisa, and Mr. Sherwin as Elvino. Tho part of Count Bodolpho has hitherto beon assumed by Mr, Wharton, but, in that gentleman's absence, Mr. Frank Howson was the count of the evoning, and it is but justice to the latter to say that he proved himself an acceptable substituto for the absentee. The frequent marks of approval which accom- panied the efforts of the principal perform- ances manifested the satisfaction of the audience. To-night, Fra Dlavolo will be ilayed, Madame Carandini appearing as Fra "'lavólo, and Miss Howson as berlina. pla Dil A TBAOTTION-About fifteen years ago, it happened, in a certain country of Europe, that the inspector-general of garrisons, while visiting a provincial town, observed a sen- tinel stationed at a little distance, outside tho walls, keeping guard ovor some ruined buildings in the suburbs. The genoial in- quired of the sentinel, with some cariosity, why he was posted there. The sentinel re- ferred him to his sergeant. The sergeant hod nothing to say but that such were the orders of his lieutenant. The lieutenant jua ti fit d himself under the authority of the captain-commandant of the garrison. Upon being applied to for his reasons for tho stand- ing order in question, the commandant, in- formed the inspector-general, with much Ecriousness, that his predecessor in office had handed down to him the custom as one of the mllitaty duties of tho place. A search was immediately instituted in the archives of tho municipality, the result of which was io obtain satisfactory proof that, for the last seventy years, a sentinel had always stood over the íuined buildings in the same man- ner. With awakened interest and curi- osity, the general returned to the capital. Ho there set on foot a more elaborate investi- gation among the state documonts of the Minister of War. After long dolay, it was at ast discovered that tho ruined building of tho faubourg had been, in 1720, a storehouse for mattresses belonging to the garrison, and that in the course of that summer it became dcBlrablo to repaint the door. While the paint was wet, a guard was placed outside to warn those who went in ona out ; hut before the paint was dry, it carno to paBS that tho officer on duty was despatched on a mission of importance, and loft the town without remembering to remove the sentinel. For 130 years a guard of honour had consequently remained over the door-a sacred and in- violable tradition, but one which represented at bottom no higher idea than the idea of wet paint.-London ßeview, Nov. 11 