«Toe ^fiBiwa i$lorníng ^eralö* FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1864. I -m So two or three of the Australian colonies have learned to harmonise their income and expen- diture. Tasmania announces that ßhe has at length reconciled these hitherto hostile elements in^her political life. From South Australia we learn that the same harmony has boen there attained. In Victoria also there is no avowed deficiency. The colony of Queensland is too young to have encountered embarrassment, but probably too fast and inexperienced entirely to avoid it. But it is gratifying upon the whole to see the sisterhood striving for this equalisation so essential to their credit and to their ultimate prosperity. Such a condition can, however, only be preserved by pursuing the course already initiated. It has been the effort of these three colonies to relieve the treasury from the pressure of claims not pro- perly entertainable by the central Legislature. There can be no doubt that in perfect harmony with the just principles of commerce, and by an equitable distribution of the public burdens, the revenue at the ports may be made quite enough to meet all the requirements of a cen- tral Government. When this line is passed the embarrassment will begin. Not only will claims multiply without reason and without limit-not only will every member of the Legislature try in the general scramble to secure for his constitu- ency or for himself as large a share as possible, but the appropriation of revenue to legitimate expenses will be reckless and extrava- gant. A Government so conducted is but . a gambling establishment. Every ' one knows what is the influence of high play upon the minds of men. In their seasons of luck-real or apparent- they scatter their money with wild profusion, believing that to-morrow will make them masters of fortunes, or, if not, in the general crash no peculiar indulgence or personal extravagance will materially change their condition. Whenever a State or a firm becomes hopelessly entangled with unmanageable debt, those who have it in charge close their eyes to mischiefs which are too gigantic for control, and adopt the Epicu- rean maxim, " Let us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die.'' With such examples we hope our Ministers will take courage, and seek not in an exact imitation-which would be the reverse of statesmanship - a restoration of our injured credit and fallen finances ; but by the adapta- tion of suitable means to our special circum- stances, accomplish that feat of all the most important-an equalisation of outlay and income. Without this can be assured no measures of a general nature, however wise, can compensate, nor can they even have affair prospect of success, because the operation of almost every measure ultimately depends upon the soundness of the public finances. We have now in Great Britain a splendid example of the results of the true principles in public finance, and the resolute effort of states- men to combat great liabilities by great appro- priations. The vastness and weight of the National Debt were topics of constant de- clamation within memory, which were as alarming to the people as the stories of ghosts and hobgoblins to children, besides being much more substantial. But a series of fortunate events have taught Englishmen to regard this great charge as the condition upon which they held their title to the innumerable blessings they have inherited, and which are multiplying around them. The budget of Mr. GLADSTONE is, perhaps, the most surprising ever offered to a nation, and seems not only to have excited satisfaction in England but wonder and admiration abroad. The suspension of that immense branch of industry which was supposed to be the main prop of English prosperity might well have led to a diminution of revenue and an increase of debt. But so far from this being the case, the true principles of commerce have yielded an indemnity, and more, for her heaviest losses. The surplus in the hands of the CHAN- CELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER enables him to lighten the burdens of the people-to reduce the amount of the Income Tax, which presses chiefly upon the more opulent classes, and also to give further alleviation to that vastly reduced taxation which is paid by the whole people. Suoh a result at such a time may well be the subject of grateful recognition. It is a noble testimony to the principles of free trade, to which it may all be traced. The commerce of England is enlarged, and the power of eon sumption in the people increased. It is by these causes that the revenue is swollen, and that the reductions in taxation are made. Had it been by ¡reducing the public expenditure below the level of public safety, or by any of thoBe schemes which, shake the confidence in the stability or good faith of the nation, it w&uld; have been rather a matter of alarm, and regret than of confidence and joy. But in this case the whole aspect of the public finances points the direction in which the nation is moving demonstrates that its course is true and right, and unfolds a future which nothing can render adverse, unless the outbreak of war or some retrograde policy which shall cut off our relations with the world at large. The finances of England are indeed a noble study for every man who aspires to legialate for even the smallest State. He can hardly bring his mind to bear upon them without clearing it from innumerable prejudices and making himself a better financier as well as a better politician. It is delightful to trace the channels of commerce and their connection with "the revenues of a country how in slender rills sometimes and at others in mighty volumes the transactions of the Empire roll back to a common centre, and not only enrich those by whom taxes are paid, but supply an endless and sure resource to the Government that depends upon taxation. We do not deny that there are countries where the abolition ol all Customs' duties may be politic and successful, nor do we doubt that there may be conditions where prohibitory laws may have their advantage; but the great lesson of English commerce and English revenue is that the State is enriched by the wealth of the people, and that wherever industry is free it will make its own sphere and achieve its own victories. The prosperity it conquers will become the bul- wark of the Throne and the shield of national honour. So long as England continues in I her present course she need fear no nation, nor any section of her own misguided people whose unnatural hostility may invoke her ruin. She can afford to be generous as well as just, and to look with compassion, mingled with disdain, on those pigmies who threaten her helmet and shield, while their puny forces cannot reacn the level of her sandals. A SEMES of articles that luve recently appeared in the Herald have demonstrated beyond all doubt that the Superannuation Act as passed last session, cannot possibly work, and must be amended as speedily as possible. The principle ef the Act, which is that of making a fixed pro \ ¡sion for retiring officers, fe o as to avoid the objectionable practice of leaving the granting of a pension and its amount to be dependent on the popularity of the ex-official with the then exisiing Assembly, is sound enough, but the details have been very insufficiently studied. Though prepared by one Ministry, and adopted by another, the Act shows no signs of careful study, and is no credit either to it3 authors or its sponsors. There is the less excuse for this, because useful guidance might have been secured not only from the experience of the mother-country, but even from that of the neighbouring colony of Victoria. The insuffi- ciency of the endowment fund was to a certain extent pointed out while the Bill was passing through Parliament, especially by Mr. DEAS _ HOMSON in the Legislative Council. But the measure was huiried forward with a vague understanding that it was to be amended here- after. The closer examination, however, which has followed the attempt to put it in operation has shewn that it is so utterly impracticable that the best thing that can be done would be to suspend its operation, by not accepting any resignation till the system was put on a sounder footing. This would have prevented anything like vested rights accruing. If no subscriptions had been levied and no pen- sions granted, the Act would have remained a dead letter. But if subscriptions are received under the Act they carry with them all the rights and privileges promised by the Act. There is nothing to prevent this but the love of patronage-a weakness which is the bane of Ministries. Mr. COTVTER did himself immense mischief by his faults in this line, although often warned of the consequences. The present Ministry came in with a burst of virtuous pro- fession, but this virtue was too demonstrative to last. The pleasure of putting friends into good billets is too great to be resisted, and the oppor- tunity must be snatched while it lasts. Office is uncertain, especially after Parliament meets. No one can say what explosions may follow the revelation of the real deficit and the announcement of the new scheme of taxation. It is safer, therefore, to get all the patronage done before the parliamentary storm begins to brew, and leave it to successors to deal with the j vested interests and perplexities that may grow out of the superannuation charges. _ i There is no such immediate urgency for the J adoption of the Act as would make it injurious ] to the public service to allow it to remain ' a little longer in abeyance. The resig- nations that we hear of are not necessary to the efficiency of the departmental work. 1 he new pensioners are' not such old broken down men that they are incapable of any more work, and must be displaced without delay in order to make room for younger and more vigor- ous men. Matters might have gone on for another year as they were, and no great damage done. But then the patronage might fall into the hands of the next Ministry. The Superannuation Act is a modification of the principle of life insurance, but in the prac- tical application of the two systems there is this very wide and important difference. À life insurance company during the first years of its existence receives a large income in the shape of annual payments, and has but a small outlay on account of deaths. Before the lives fall in, a fund sufficient to meet the charges has been accumulating. But in the case of a Superannuation Act constructed as ours is, heavy charges come in at once and be- fore any fund whatever has been accumulated by suûscriptions. Insured lives establish a claim against a fund which their own contribu- tions have helped to form, and which on the average they have been sufficient to form. But the little posse of pensioners which the late Act has called into existence are going to draw for the rest of their lives upon a fund to which they have never contributed a penny-a fund which, if it is to be kept up at all, must be maintained by taxing those who are still bearing the heat and burden of the day. It is to meet this difficulty that the'Government starts the fund with an endowment of £10,000. This would be all right if the sum were adequate to the purpose for which it is intended-if it were sufficient, that is, to meet all claims until the subscription fund had acquired a position of solvency. But not twice £10,000, nor thrice £10,000, would be sufficient for this. The claims already sent in are enough to absorb the whole endowment, and claims enough aro reported to be looming in the distance to absarb another endowment of equal proportions. The junior members of the Civil Service may well look wistfully at the way the money is going, and ask themselves what chance there ís¡ of their seeing any of their money back again. To make it still more impossible for the fund to accumulate, the Act provides that the relatives of deceased civil servants may have a claim on it.' This is going outside the limits of a superannuation system, the object of which is simply that servantS'too old or too ill to work should not he allowed to starve, and not to pro- vide that their relatives should not be in distress from their premature death. The latter object must be provided for by life insurance, and is and not of the Government, which does riot concern itself with his social and domestic arrangements. If the Act were cleared of this reference to relatives, if it were made voluntary as respects existing ser- vants, and compulsory on all who may hereafter join, if the rate of contribution were increased until the fund had accumulated to a solvent amount, if the endowment fund were increased, to be repaid hereafter out of surplus, and if no claims were allowed for a term of years, except in cases of retirement from absolute incapacity to serve, the system would be more acceptable lo the great bulle of the contributors, more equitable, and more likely to work. QUARTERLY PARADE or VOLUNTEERS.-Tho In- specting Field-Officer's quarterly parade of volunteers will take place to-morrow afternoon, when the Riilcs and Artillery will be brigaded, and form in the Outer Domain at 3.30 p.m. Ihe evolutions will be varied from the ordinaiy parades, and blank ammunition is to be issued to both arms. There will be a defence foimcd to resist a supposed boat attack on the western tide of "Woolloomooloo May, in which, the whole body of volunteers are to take part. We truBt to see a good muster, and every member of the corpa at this critical period of its existence should strain a point to le present at these quarterly assemblies. RIFLE MATCH.-VOLLEY AND PILE FIRINO.-In our issue of jesterday we alluded toa rifle match, upon rather novel conditions, that came off at the Sandridge butte, in Victoria, on the 2nd instant. Tho Melbourne Herald gives the following account of the contest : " The competitors consisted of twentj selected from each of the various country and metropolitan rifle corps, and the match was conducted in the following manner : The different companies, numbering alto- gether 228 men, having been drawn up in front of a line of tai gets, lile firing was commenced from the right of sections, only two minutes being allowed to discharge three rounds. The word was then given to fire in vollits, and the whole line discharged their rifles simultaneously. After each description of firing the targets were examined, and the shots counted, the marks of the bullets being then obliterated. Ouly two rangers were employed, viz., 300 and 400 yards.. Considering that our colonial marksmen are somewhat unaccustomed to this method of firing, the shooting, was very good, although from having no standard to compare the Bcorts by, it is impossible to say whether the competitors on Saturday shot better or worse thiui other volunteers would have done under similar circumstances. The number of competitors repre- senting each company was nominally twenty, but in two esses the numbers were not made up. From the tutal scoie as ascertained on Saturday it seems that thiB challenge cup as well as that shot for at the recent matches, will be token up the country, the Castle- maine corps standing first" on the list and Bendigo sicond. The following, however, are the total num- ber of (.oints made by each company nt both ranges : Castlemaine, 358 ; Bendigo, 337 ; Melbourne and North Melbourne, 327; St. Kilda Artillery, 296; Emerald Hill Artillery, 293; Prahran mid South Yuira, 20C; Williamstown Artillery, 2G0; Colling- wood Rifles, 213; Richmond, 236; East Collingwood, 210; Metropolitan Artillery, 157 î Engineers (a large number absent), 106. First prize, total score, £6 and Challenge Cup, 1st Castlemaine Rifles ; second prize, total f core, £2, Bendigo Rifles. Prize, file firing only, ¿'3, lbt Castlemaine Riflea ; prize, volley firing only, X3, Bendigo Rifles. INTERCOLONIAL RULE MATCH.-SECOND PRACTICE. -The first portion of the Eecoud practice for the selec- tion of ten men to shoot in the next Intercolonial Rifle Match, took place at the Volunteer Rifle Range, yes- terday afternoon. The weather was fine, and the wind not too high for good shooting. On this occa- sion the radial system of marking, as determined upon by the Rifle Association Committee, on Monday last, with the reduced targets, was introduced, and was very gen el ally approved of. The shooting was at 200, 300, 600, and 600 yards, five shots at each. Mr. Brownlow was at the top of the list with the very ex- cellent score of 64, Mr. Russell being next with C2, and Mr. Dickson thud with GO. Cap'um Harbottle acted as umpire and representative of the committee. The names of the competitors and scores made yester- day, were as follows : e> e» © o S S S S Total. Private Brownlow, Noi I ... H 14 10 17 - 64 KUBScll, Mo. 3 ... ia . 15 IS 16 - 62 Dickeon, No. 3 ... 17 12 15 16 - 00 J. West, Balmain ... 17 12 14 l8 - 59 lieutenant Kichards, No, 5 ... 17' l8 IS 12 - 58 Private Slade, No. 1... ". 17 12 l8 IS - 87 Corporal Lynoh, No. 3 ... 14 11 IS 14 - 52 Private Rayner, No. Q ... 11 12 14 15 - 52 Wickham, No. 2 ... 12 13 15 12 - 51 Sergeant Strong, No. 2 ... 10 It 16 14 - 51 Private Douglass, No, 2 ... 13 9 14 15 - 61 Smith, No. B ... 15 0 1» 9 - 51 Campbell . 12 14 9 15 '- 50 Sharp, No. 2. 14 9 12 15 '- 50 H C. Dangar. No. 1 ... 13 12 12 10 - 47 T. Hellyer, No. 1 ," 11 0 -l8 13 - 45 Thrum, No. 7 ... 13 10 14 9 - 45 Corporal Dickson, No, 3 ... 5 li 17 11 - 44 Private -Wilson, No 7 ... 14 9 9 12 '- 44 Cuptain Jacques, Balmain ... 13 11 7 6 - 37 Private LInsley, No. 2 ... 12 6 1 8 - 27 FATAL ACCIDENT AT DOUBLE BAY. -A very sad occurrence happened yesterday afternoon at Double Bay, whereby a boy, named Thomas Freeman Rigden, aged eight and a half years, was killed. It appears that a man, named Augustus Jerym, was felling an old tree, which unexpectedly snapped off and fell upon the deceased, whose head was very much crushed by the trunk. Dr. Milford was sent for, but the poor child died before he could sec him. The unfortunate boy was standing near the tree, and was told by Jerym to get out of the way, but he unhap- pily mistook the direction of the tree's fall, and in- stead of escaping the impending danger, ran into it. The tree seems to have become decayed, and it was cut down for firewood. Deceased's parents live at Double Bay. An inquest is to be held. STREET ACCIDENT. -Two carts, one the property of Mr Hordern, draper, and the other belonging to Mr. M'Grath, publican, were brought into violent collision on the South Head Road, between ten and eleven o'clock yesterday morning. The drivers for- tunately escaped unhurt, but both carts were damaged. One of the horses was pierced by the shaft, and so much injured that it had to be shot. CORONER'S INQUEST. -The City Coroner held an in- quest at his office respecting the death of William Lewsey, which took place in the Infirmary, on Wed- nesday. Deceased was not a sober man. He was admitted into the Infirmary on the 1st of July. Dr. Alfred Roberts, who had made a post-mortem exami- nation of deceased's body, deposed that death had no doubt resulted from strictures of longstanding. Jury's verdict : " Deceased, aged sixty-two years, died from natural causes." NORTH SHORE,-The collection announced to take place last Sunday, in St. Thomas's Church, has been postponed to Sunday next, 10th July. The weather wos so bad, that only a very small number could attend on Sunday la%t. The Rev. W. B. Clarke ad- dressed the congregation briefly from the communion rails, asking their opinion as to the propriety of de- ferring the collection, and that opinion waa communi- cated to him by the churchwarden in the affirmative. We understand, however, that several packages of clothing have been already collected at the Church of England schoolroom, from various members of the con- gregation, and forwarded for distribution to the Rev. H. T. Stiles, Windsor, and the Rev. J. Elder, Rich- mond. The North Shore bears a good name in times of distress, and it is hoped that on Sunday next the weather will be fine enough to allow of the usual muster, and that a good collection will be made. 1 HE LATE ROBBERY OP THE COLLECTOR MAIL - On Monday John Cannon was brought up at the Goulburn police court on remand, charged with the recent robbery of the Collector mail. The driver not being in attendance, the prisoner was further remanded for a week, and having obtained bail was released from custody. The cause of the driver's absence was satisfactorily explained.-Goulburn. Herald. Ws uro requested hy Messrs, Chas. Moore and Co. to direct *e attention of warehousemen, drapers, storekeepers, and the trade to their continuation sale of drapery, clothing, tie», woollens, damaged canvas, and blankets, this day, at 11 o'olock, at their Boom«, Pitt-street,-Any. Met era. 1» E. Threlkeld and Co. advertise a very important sale of boots and shoes ex Millwall, at their Booms, 3G2, George street, this day, at It. The sam« firm will also dispose of a ship- ment of Adelaide hay and bran, on Market Wharf, this afternoon, at 8. Both sale« will be without réserve.-ADV. To Saddlers, Harness Maker*, Ironmongers, Cutlers, and others.-We are requested by Mr. Chas. Teakle to direct the special attention of the trade to his sale of the above, at his Booms, Wynyard-stiect, this day, it 11 o'clock, without the slightest reserve. (See advertisements.) Intending purchasers arc requested to be punctual in their attendance,-ADV. JOHN O Courir has desired us to call the attention of mer- chants, shiochandlere, ironmongers, earthenware dealers, and others, to his important eales, at the Bank Auction Booms, this doy, Friday, 8th instant, at half-past 10 o'clock, comprising 70 colls Manila rope, assorted sizes; SOkegB nails, 4 tons oakum, &o.; At 11 o'clock precisely, 100 packages earthenware, chin«, So. - For further particulars, see adverusamonta in this day's ? paper,-Anv, SALE OP ALI-AOAS.-In addition to the eales of nlpHpas befóle reported the Government have sold ivolotB to Messrs. Smith, Brothers, and Co.. Each lot consists of nine cross-bred alpacas and one pure male, the price being £21 per animal. It ia under- stood that they are t« be Bhipped to "Victoria. THE RAILWAY TO GOULBUIIN.-A deputation from 'te inhabitants of Geullnun- consisting of the Hon. P. Faucttt, M.L.A., Mr. Alexander, M.L.A., and Mr._ Rossi-waite- yesterday morning upon the Minister for Works, for the purpuoo of ascertaining when it waa likely that contracta would be let for the remainiiiE portion of the Great Southern Railway bs iw ten Mai ulan and Goulburn, and also whether the Government would make a stipulation with the con írnciors that they should commence at both ends of the line at one time; alleging that if this were done, there would be a better local supervision of the works, betides which it would afford some little benefit to the i own. Mr. Holrojd informed the deputation that the line in question had been staked out, and that as soon at, the specifications were completed (which would piobnbly be in the course of four or five weeks) he in- tended te call for tenders for the whole of the line in one contract ; but that, aB it would be a pretext for the contractors to askfor a much, larger sum if they were to be tied down to commence at any particular portion of tlie line, he should object to making that a stipula- tion. With regard to the question of supervision, provision would bo made for seeing that the con- tractors went on properly with the worka ; and as the contract would be a heavy one, care would be taken that it was placed in good hands, and that the sureties Wf re men of substance. A» there would be several bridgeB to construct, in all probability the line would not be completed for two or three years. Mr. Whitton, who was present during the interview, said he thought it very unlikely that the railway to Goulburn would be finished within two and a half or three years i'f the time of signing the contract. The deputation expressed a desire that the station premise? at Goul- burn should be proceeded with simultaneously with the railway, and Mr. Holroyd promised that, so far as he had anything to do with the works, those buildings ' should be ready at the time the railway was opened, i Mr. Holroyd called the attention of the deputation to a letter he had received, eigned by Mr. Poole, hon. secretary to the Goulburn Railway Progress Com- mittee, asking for certain information which he (Mr. Holroyd) thought it quite unnecessary to furnish, and which could be of no service to the progress of the railway. Mr. ROBSÍ inquired what portion of the line would be opened first, and he was informed by Mr. Whitton that the firfct length opened would be aB far na the Fitzroy Iron Mines, a distance of twenty-four mile, from Picton, and that the contracts for the foimation of that length would expire on the 1st of January next. Mr. Rossi expressed a hope that tho ballasting and the permanent woy would go on simultaneously with the formation. Mr. Whitton Btattd that as the embankments had to settle, the balltiBiing and laying the permanent way must be poBtponed until it was safe to lay the rails. Some lurther conversation took place with reference to the pi ogress of the railway works, and the deputation îetirtd, thanking the Minister for the attention he had paid to their application. CATHOLIC MEETING AT WA.VEB.LEY.-A meeting of members of the Catholic Church was held yesterday evening, in the Catholic School-room, Waverley, for the purpose of " considering some matters of interest." The attendance was not numerous. Mr. Burrell was vottd to the chair, and opened the proceedings by reading the advertisement of the meeting. Mr. Hogan stated that the meeting had been called in consequence of the Government having stopped the fencing of the new buiytng ground at Randwick, the cause of which was stated to be that the land drained into the water rt serve. Ile thought it very unjust that the Catholics should be prevented from having their cemetery at Randwick, wlile another cemetery which also drained i into the reserve, was not interfered with ; if j one wes stopped all Bhould be etopped. Mr. j Hannon related the circumstances under which the fencing had been Btopped ; a letter communicating the notice frem the Government had been sent by the Rev. Mr. Sheehy to the parties who were carrying out the work. He would suggest that a deputation from the meeting should wait upon the Minister for Lands, to make inquiries respecting the reasons for which the notice had been sent. The Chairman thought that as the Government had been in communication with the Rev. Mr. Sheehy, it would not be judicious for the meeting to step in between them, as the Government would not acknowledge them in the matter. He had no doubt that the Government would refund any expenses that they had incurred in fencing the ground, and the best thing they could do would be to have the land valued, and to ask the Govern- ment to give them some eligible land in the neighbourhood of Kandwick of the same ?value. As the Rev. Mr. Sheehy was not at present in town it would perhaps be desirable that Mr. Hogan and Mr. Hannon should, upon his return, wait upon him and request him to take up the matter and to see what the Government intended to do. After some discussion, a formal resolution adopting the sugges- tion of the chairman was adopted. The proceedings thereupon terminated, a vote of thanks being given to the chairman. NAVAL NIGHT AT TUE PRINCE or WALES THEATRE. -This eveningthe officers and crew of H.M.S, Curagca will give an amateur performance at the Pi ince of Wales Theatre, for the benefit of the widows and orphanB of the seamen and marines who fell in the engogement at the Gate Pah. Sir John and Lady Young, and Commo- dore Sir William Wiseman, will patronise the per fcrm&nce.; The pieces selected are the force of " Whitebait at Greenwich, " the comedy of " Charles II.," and the farce of the "Turkish Bath," with a Stump Oration a la Bob Ridley, and a naval hornpipe by a real Jack Tar. lo-morrow evening Mr. Bartlett takes a benefit, when the "Tioket-of-Leave ,Man " will be produced, with Mr, Charles Dillon as Robert Briarly. SINGING CLASS AT THE NOHTH SHOBE.-On Tuea dtiy evening last, on the invitation of several of the inhabitants of the North Shore, Mr. Chizlett attended a meeting at the School of Arts, for the purpose of forming a singing class. Mr. J. M. Lees introduced Mr, Chizlett to the meeting, and stated that from an extended acquaintance with the district and the in- habitants of it, he was confident that a class for the purpose of teaching elementary vocal music would be I patronised and supported, and would be conducive to the health and happiness of the people, especially of the youth of the place ; the charges would ba very low, and within the means of any family disposed to have their children taught in this branch of education. The committee of the School of Arts had kindly given the gratuitous use of the room in the institution for the purpose of giving the experiment a fair trial. Mr. Lees hinted thot, from the known talent and musical atility on the North Shore, the institution, at no distant day, might calculate on being benefited to a I considerable extent by the clasB giving occasional con- certs in aid of the funds. Mr. Chizlett explained to some extent his system of teaching, and at the close about fotty-five persons entered their names to join the doss. Regular practice commences at half-past seven o'clock on Tuesday evening next. MUSICAL ENTERTAINMENT. - A number of the gentlemen employed at the Government Printing \- Office have formed themselveB into a " Musical Union," and for some time past have been practising patt singing and instrumental music. On Wednesday evening laBt theBe gentlemen gave an invitation to all the employes in the office and their friends to attend, what they modestly termed, " First open Practice," in Mr. Cane's school-room, Stanley-street, Woolloo- mooloo. The " open practice " turned out, however, to be a concert of no mean pretensions ; but one which w ould not have passed without considerable applause from a company of professionals. Nearly two hundred peiBons assembled in the school-room, and all went away highly delighted with the entertainment. Many of the songs were encored, and apart nom a little nervousneBs, consequent upon a first appearance before a tolerably large audience, on the part of some of the singers, all acquitted themselves in a most creditable manner. The programme was a very pretty one, embracing glees, duets, and solos. A solo on the violin was beautifully played during the second part, at.d was twice encored. The whole wound up with " God save the Queen." GOLD.-On Tuesday last it was well known in town that a claim to discovery had been lodged with the Bench, by two seekers for the precious metal. The matter is of course at present much in nubibus, but , the; discovery is stated as that of a very valuable quartz reef, together with soil deposits in the back vicinity of Mr. Xupton's station (Berrembed), between forty to fifty miles from Wagga Wagga. Specimens were brought in of a very rich description, and the claim to discovery at once lodged by the finders, and ground taken up by them. We also learn, from a re- liable source, that there are two parties who have now been engaged for the past three weeks prospecting or working in the Kyamba Ranges, occasionally coming into town for supplies, and from the hints dropped by them, although very chary of their information, it ia to be gathered that tbey are getting very good grounds for substantial expectations. The existeace of gold in these and other localities in our district have long been known,, the proof required ia that of payable 1 working;- Wogga Wagga Etpreti,' FLOOD RELIEF COMMITTEE.-A. meeting of the Flood Relief Committee waa held on Tuesday after noon-Mr. George Vindin being in tho chair. The secretary reported that the sum of £50 had bee» hended to him by Mr. B. Lee, from the East Maitland Bub.committec. The treasurer acknowledgei the re- ceipt of further subscriptions, and also of a bale of blue blankets, containing twenty pairs, presented br D. Cooper and Co., of Sydney, being in addition to their money subscription received some time aio The expenditure to date was stated to be £175, À great number of applications for relief were then' en. teTtnined. On Monday, the East Maitland committee lelibved nine applicants, by dispensing orders for rations or blankets, or both. The sum of £10 10s. wa» received by the treasurer, Mr. A. DoddB, being the amount collec ed after a special Bervice at the Estab- lished Presbyterian Church.-About the Rame amount, we leam, wes collected at St. Peter's, inEaatMaiu land, last Sunday.-Maitland Mercury of yesterday. CONSTABLE CHURCHLEY'S EVIDENCE AS TO ins MURDER of SERGEANT M'GINNITY.-The following notes are from constable Churchley's evidence, given at the inquiry before the police magistrate at Tumbi, rumba :-Charles Churchley, being duly sworn, de. posed : I am a mounted constable, stationed at Tum- barumba ; on Thursday, the 23rd day of June, the deceased, the subject of this inquiry, left the camp with me on a patrol to Copabella, a distance of twenty miles from here,leaving about twelve o'clock at noon. Wo arrived at Copabella at night, and remained there for the night, and left the following morning between nine and ton o'clock. On our way home for Tumba- rumba we were both mounted on Government howe», each -armed with revolvers and carbines, winch were loaded. We were not in uniform. The horse the deceased David M'Ginnity rode was a black horse about 15j hands high, star in forehead, off hind foot white, branded with the Crown brand on the off shoulder, and RP on the near shoulder ; in proceed- ing on the road about four or five miles, travelling at a Bteady pace-say about four or five miles an hour we came to some falling ground leading to a creek or gully ; at the foot of the falling ground I saw a man riding a brown horse ; I turned round to the deceased, who was close behind me, and said, " Who is that ?" he made a similar remark, and cantered past me, and pulled up alongside of this man ; the instant the deceased did eo, this man pulled his hand from x his jacket and fired ; the deceased was on the right hand side of this man at the time he fired ; I was then about fifty or sixty yards behind him ; immediately the shot was fired by this man, the deceased galloped off to the right and this man to the left ; I fired two shots with' my revolver at this man as he waa gallop- ing round to the rood ; he was about one hundred and iitiy yards from me at the time ; I then went ia the direction that the deceased took, to the top of the hill, which is about three or four hundred yard», and looked round, but could not see in which direction the deceased went ; it is a thick scrubby country ¡ I theo dismounted, and remained about fifteen minutes ¡ inr horse was completely knocked up ; I led my horse back to Copabella, and left him there, and borrowed a fresh horse from Mr. Robinson, the proprietor of that station ; I left there between 12 and 1 o'clock p.m., and went in a hard gallop to the place where the de coated was shot ; I followed the trackB of the horse the deceased rode until I got to the top of the hill, and then lost sight of them ; I then proceeded along the range in the bush for about a mile, when I oame on the road and went towards Tumbarumba ; I was then about eight miles from Copabella, when the same man who had shot the deceased galloped across the road about twenty yards ahead of me ¡ he came at the left hand side of me ns I was going in the direction of Tumbarumba ; he fired at me ; the boll passed through the side of my coat now produced ; I fired immedi- ately at him ; he galloped off, and I went towards Glenroy, which is about five miles from Tumba umba ; I am quite positive it is the same man who shot the deceased ; I had every opportunity of seeing him ; he had a black monkey jacket on, dark trousers, and wore his boots outside ; I also saw his face at the time ; he had a long dark beard and moustache ; it was the man dressed in a similar manner who fired at me ¡ I am quite positive^; 1 could swear to his identity if I saw him again. I frequently read a description in the Police Gazette of Daniel Morgan, and have known him personally ; I have no hesitation in swearing that the man who shot David M'Ginnity andflaf ter wards fired at me is the Daniel Morgan who is described in the Police Gazette, I proceeded on my way until I came in sight of Glenroy fence ; it waa then near dark, and ia the distance I saw a man on horseback coming round the swamp. I remained still, and had my carbine ready in say hand. I stood watching him and s»w him crosB the road ; I saw him going into the bush towards my left hand ; when he got some distaace he pulled up, then I fired at him, being assured it was the same man who fired u me previously. I saw nothing more of him. I proceeded to Glenroy station, and inquired there had they seen or heard anything of sergejut M'Ginnity ; they said they hadnot. Ithen borrowed a fresh horse and rode to Tumbarumba. The follow- ing morning (Saturday) I left Tumbarumba accom- panied by three young mee, who volunteered their services in search of the deceased. We went about twelve miles in the direction of Copabella, when we met the mailman, who informed me that the deceased David M'Ginnity was lying dead a little off the road, at the left hand side, in the direction of Cepabella ; ht said about two miles away. I rode on about two miles, and found the deceased a little off the road; he was lying on his back, one leg across the other, his pockets turned out, and his papers alongside of him. Neither horse nor firearms were to bl found. I picked up the papers and proceeded to Copabella, in company with the other pit ties who started with me from Tumbarumba. I asked Mr. Robinson if he would lend me a cart to re- move the body of deceased ; he did so. On arriving at the spot where the body had lain, I found it bid been removed, and on inquiry I discovered that it had been conveyed hy some friendly party to Mr. Craven'« of Glenroy. The next morning I had the body re- moved to Tumbarumba. I have further to add that in searching for the body of deceased I Baw a brown horse about twenty yards off the road ; I made the remark " I will go over and have a look. at him and take his brands." X took the horse, and have bim now in my possession. From information I have since received, I am quite satisfied it is the horse that Morgan rode when he shot the deceased and after- wards fired at me.-Goulburn Argus. THE WOOL SEASON.-From a gentleman who hw just arrived from the Thompson we learn that very large quantities of wool are on the road, and irameaie quantities arc lying at the stations waiting transport Wages for shepherds are ruling at 35s. per week, hut it is feared that the dearth of rations lost season his had the effect of giving that country a bad name iu the labour market, and difficulty will be experienced in getting hands. Otherwise, the supply of labour throughout the country may be pronounced better than that of last year, although far-very far belo» the amount the interior is capable of instantly abaotb ing at high rates of wages. As indicative of the ob- stacles thrown in the way of pastoral enterprise by want of roads, labour, &c.;, the name of one station in particular has been mentioned to us where the flocks had to go unshorn last season, and every one ac- quainted with sheep farming must know the conse- quence. The same gentleman informs us that he met great numbers of men with their swags on the road, presumedly moking tracks for the Peak Downs Dig- gings. With the absence of general scarcity of rations at stations thingB are reported as looking well. northern Argus, June 29. AwruLLY SUDDEN DEATH.-The town of Albury was on Thursday thrown into a state of painful ex- citement by th9 announcement, a little after two o'clock p m., that Mr. R. H. Mills, druggist, in Kiewa»sireet, had been discovered dead behind hi) counter. To casual friends the unfortunate gentle- man had always appeared to be in capital health ana spirits, and even on the morning of his deatn, ai half-past seven o'clock, he showed no signs either of sickness or despondency. It was, however, observed that his shop was not open as usual, and various surmises, among his acquaintances, were afloat as to his being fatigued after a late ball, and hu having resolved to stay at home for the day, hi» private house being situated in Townsend-stteet. His near neighbour, and most intimate friend Mt M'Lennan, whose back premises communicate wi» those of deceased, had even been writing in tho bacK room while the deceased lay dead in the store, but not suspecting anything, he merely looked, into ft» iront shop, and thought with the others_ that M mußt have returned home. Mrs. Mills, thinking » strenge that her husband did not come to dinner, went to the shop about two o'clock, when *«. M'LennBn told her he had not been there since morn- ing j but, after her departure, being for the first time struck with the strangeness of the circumstances. M looked behind the counter, and there, in the dart shop, found the body stark and cold, disposed peace- fully as if in sleep. Mr. M'Lennan immediately a foimed the neighbour», the police, and the poü« mogistrate, and Dr. Barnett was soon on the¡sp The universal belief was that deceased had died « apoplexy, as he was a full of habit of body.and nooma cause of death appeared plausible. It is, bo*e**> our duty to mention that an ounce bottle of hydro- cyanic acid of Scheele's strength was found B^PEFV* but almost empty, new hfc light hajid,-Border *** 