BISHOP COLENSO'S DEPOSITION AT MaKITZBORG. (From the Ma:ilzburg C irrespont of the jSaial Mcrcu.ru.} Cathedral, on Sunday morning last, <he Very It,-.- the Dean read out, after the "J;*58,Lret.d' l)19 sentence of deposition pro noU'.ced against Bishop Colenso by the Bishop of Cape Town, in accordance with the jjd" n.ent of his court. No persons left the church, nor was there the slightest disturbance Of any kind, althougU some distressed faces spoke volumes. In the form before the ser mon the words made u-c of tver, : More especially, I bid you pray for John William, late Lord Bishop . i this diocese." The Dean Selected for his test Pa >lm xsv., 8, Pnver Book version. Towards the close of his dis course the preacher spake as follows: - "There are two points on which I wish Particularly to dwell on this most pain j \ That many Bay that riund a bishop of the Church accrues earthly dignity and tem poral rank and possessions, and that the civil power may s e fit to preserve all these to him. warn sentence of deposition by the Church ins bef-u to-<*ay read. My bretlirtn, I would most earnestlv pray every member of the church not to bo troubled in ti.ts respect. Whatever earthly rights and possessions any man may have in any country (veu if thiy niise originally from the gift of Church the Judges of that land are the sole am e2-ui .^e Christian is bound to obedience', ihe Bible instructs us to obedience * « bo we may be forbidden, for the salvation of our souls, to hold communion in religions Worship With one to when the courts of the realm may r. quire us to render earthly posses sions. J r " Whilst we look to the Cross wi h that b-fore our eyes, we must ever be prepared to hnd the judgment of the world at variance with that of the Church ; thankful when they arc one we must be, but not dismayed when they differ—we may need correction. It is written, "Put not your trust in princes," and yet it cannot be den ed but that the English Church has accustomed herself to trust much to support of the State of England. It may '^Vd. h'htv God, by allowing the fre quent differences which now occur between the decisions of the Church and the courtB of the realm, would lead us back to look to that authority which Christ has implanted in his Church, and which is sustained by the Holy Chest but which our weak spirits are so apt to overlook, and to desire rather to walk by sight, to be supported by the arm of the tiesh. '* To the world our Lord declared He spake in parables, but to the Church revealed the r'l I '"'F Hb bestowed the Holy Ghost, to bring to her remembrance all things that he had said unto her, As Moses said ,ur murmutiugs are not against us, but against the Lord;' bo must we remember that bt 1 eter said to Ananias, ' Thou hast not bed unto men, hut unto God,' for that he was Cods minister; and Christ had said, 'He that hearethyou beareth me: he that despiseth jou despised] Ale;' therefore we must listen to the Church in all that concerns tha will of God. m all that relates to the Holy Sacra ments, to the duty and manner of praying, to the study of and beliif in the Holy Bible, lhe judges of the land receive their authority from the"-Crown they administer justice in the name of the Q teen, not of Christ; but our Lord has bound us to obey them, and to obey cuUi»s 6Ven S'Ve pain or imP°-'e dfS 1 The Church is concerned with man's eternal interests, when any question touching them is at issue. We ought never to with° draw our thoughts from them to think of perishing temporal interests; if we do, such is our weakness that they will come like a film before our eyes—we shall magnify that which eternity h°Ur asa!nsc the 'bings of ;■ Remember that the Church has regard to things 1. The truth as it is" in Jesus ■ 2 The correction of souls. The courts of the realm do not undertake these holv t.-isks, but to protect every subj-ct of the Ciown in the possession of his temporal rights. Pursuing different ends'in the fame case, the two Courts Kill not only often seem to overlap, but may j ir; but if the Church is really in earnest in the discharge of that which is her assigned task, she can learn to beir with meekness temporal inconvenience and temporal " Tk'3 bave I said in warninc, because the world around us magnifies earthly things, forgetting spiritual things ; to the latter we must take heed, and not regard the former. " Very briefly I will refer to the second point. Men are apt to sp-ak of the abilities and talents of those who engage in religious controversy, yet Christians should shrink with fear from so doing; the knowledge of the truth, the spreading of the truth, the uphold ing of it. is the work of the Holy Ghost, St. Paul distinctly says, I Cor., 27, 28, 29. "Learned beyond all other bodies will the Church ever be; for knowledge, wisdom, counsel, and understanding,—are gifts of the Holy Ghost; but they must be received as graces, and being gifts we cannot glory in them. Moses was learned in all the learning of the Egyptians; but he rested not on thtt: he appealed not to his talents as a statesman, but to the angel of God's presence with him St Paul was brought up at the fe-t of Gama liel but he was couteut to say, • By the grace of God I am what I am.' Doubts and divi sions will ever abound; for some are ever learning, and never able to e >me to ihe know ledge of the truth, often nre led .iway by eveir* wind of dec rine, but if he would walk s'eftii fsstly, boast nor, glo-y not, but remember how it is said, ' Them that are meek shall he he uuide in judgment, and such as are gentle, thsm shall he learn his way," Death in the Bu?h—On the 23rd in stant the police at JVril leiie were informed of the dincovery of the remains orata.n about two miles from that plsc-*. It appears that on the 18th instant he left, in company wi*h others. Mr Powell's public house for the pur pose of travelling to Wagga Wagga ; arriving | at the place where his remains were found, he stopped behind, camped, lit a fire, boiled his tea and rested — the o'hers going on. On Saturday be was found but no marks of I violence were apparent. The ceu?e of death I does not appear, as no medical examination | has yet been made The deceased some time since was in the employ of Mr Taylor of this I place, and was known, by the name of "Garibaldi;" what his real name was the I police.do cot know. Deniliquin Courier. A Gold Currency for India.—The Madras Times announces" We are in a position to state that Sir CharLs Wood has determined to introdtice a gold currency into India, by legalising the tender of the English sovereign as the'equivalent of ten rupees." With reference to this the Coloaibo Observer says:—"The mint at Sydney being but a branch of her Majesty's mint, we presume the Australian sovereigns tvill also circui late. It will be a manifest, absurdi'y if they do not, seeing that if India Northern;' Western, and Eastern does not get gold from what may: be regarded as her own mines in Aus'ralasia, she will just, get it- at bo much higher coat, in consequence of its going from Melbourne to London to be coined, and then coming from London to; India. At present gold is at a premium in India, and it really does not seem as if it ever was likely to sink, as was anticipated, in relation 10 s-lver.' A.11 the 4 circulating mrdium,'in the world seems insufficient to meet the demands of the world's expanding continue?." v 