THE JOCKEY CLUB'S AUTUMN MEETING. "[We here reproduce our list of entries for the Jockey Club's forthcoming meeting. The list is corrected to date, and has brief notes of the various horses entered to run.] The entries for the Maidens', Town Plate, Hurdles, Trials, Adelaide Cop, Shorts, &c.;, took place at the Globe Tun on Monday evening. There was a large attendance of sporting gentle men, including Messrs. P. B. Coglin, Q. Bennett, Ii. Barnard, H. H. Bickford, J. Harvey, W. Simpson, B. Lowe, O. Adeock, W. Crane, and others. Shortly after 8 o'clock Mr. E. M. Bagot, the Secretary, read the entries, as follows:— Fibst Dat, Apbh. 20. fiesx race. Maiden Plate of 40 sovb. —For horses that have never won. Entrance 4 sovb. One mile. Weights, 2 yrs. old, 6 st. 9 lb.; 3 yrs., 8 st 13 lb.; 4 yrs, 3 6t. 12 lb.; 5 yrs., 10 at. 1 lb.; 6 yra. and aged, at. 4 lb. Eight entries: — Mx. H. H. Bickford's br.g. Telegraph, 3 yre. Hon. J. Baker's br.t Gipsy, 3 yre. Mr. J. Harvey's b.h. Egremont, 3 yrs. Mr. G. Bennett's br.h. Simpson, 3 yrs. Mr. J. Gilbert's tun. Patchwork, 4 yrs. Mr. P. Jewell's b.g. Bushman, aged. Mr. L. Barnard's br.t Midnight. 3 yrs, Mr. E. M. Bagot's br.t Murthoo, 3 yrs. Mr. H. Fisher's br.g, Lantern, 2 yrs. SECOND KACE. Town Plato of 100 sovs.—Entrance 10 bovb. Two miles; heats. Three yrs., 8 st 7 lb.; 4 yrs., 9 st. 91b.; 5yrs., 10st lib.; 6yrs. and aged, 10st. 4lb. Four entries. Hon. J. Baker's br.t Zenobia, 4 yra. Mr. J. W. Gteeson's b.g. Badger, aged. Mr. J. Harper's b.h. Banker, 3 yre. Mr. O. Adcock's ag. Mack, aged. THI KTl HACK. Hardies of 80 bovb. —Entrance 6 sovs. One mile and a-half heats, over four hurdles 4 ft. 6 in. high. Three yrs., 9 st. 2 lb.; 4 yrs., 11 st.; 5 yrs, 11 st. 12 lb.; 6 yre. and aged, 12 st 4 lb. Six Entries: — Mr. H. L. Bowe's <xg. Doctor, aged. Mr. J. C James's b.g. Melbourne, aged. Mr. B. S. Low's b.e. Lord Eagian, late Tommy, 3 yrs. Mr. W. SimpBon'sb.g. Leader, aged. Mr. P. Jewell's b.g. Donovan, aged. Mr. O. Adooek's b.g. Flying Buck, 3 yrs. Second Day, Apeu, 21. fibst race. Trial Stakes of SO eovs.—Entrance, S sovs. One mile anda-half beats. Three yrs., 8 st. 1 lb.; 4 yrs., 9 st 10 lb.; 5 yrs., 10 Bt; 6 yra. and aged, 10 et. 4 lb. Six entries: — Mr. J. Shannon's b.g. Waterloo, aged. Hon. J. Baker's brx Zenobia. 4 yrs. Mr. E. S. Low's bfcg. Mazeppa, aged. Mr. H. L. Bowe's g.g. Doctor, 4 yra, Mr. O. Adcock's cjg. Mack, aged. Mr. O. Adcock's b.g. Flying Book, 3 yrs. SECOND BACE. Adelaide Cap of 500 sove., with a sweep of SO sovs. Nominations with 10 sove. on 1st March, 15 sovs. on 1st April, and 25 sovs. on the night of general entry. Distance, two miles. Weights, 3 yra, 8 st 7 lb.; 4 yrs., 9 st 9 lb.; 7 yrs., 10 st 1 lb.; 6 yrs. and aged, 10 Bt. 4 lb. Twelve entries. Five per cent of grosB amount of stakes to be deducted for expenses. Second horse to save his Btakes. Mr. H. fisher's cf. Chrysolite, 3 yrs. Mr. H. Fisher's br.c. Lantern, 2 yrs. Sir. J. Wilson's lun. Mnsidora, 4 yrs. Hon. J. Baker's b.t Levity, 4 yrs. Mr. J. C. James's b.h. Ebor, s yra. Mr. P. Dowling'e eg. Falcon, aged. Mr. P. Dowlinjr's br.c. Boebuck, 2 yrs. Mr. J. Gilbert's cm. Cinderella, 4 yrs. Mr. J. Gilbert's brX Lnbra, 3 yrs. Mr. J. W. Gleeson's b.g. Cupbearer, 4 yra, Mr. J. Harper's b.h. Banker, 3 yrs. I Mr. E.M. Bagot's fcg. Little John, aged. 'I'M I KTi RACE. Shorts, of 30 sovs.—Entrance, 3 sots. Heats, half a -""Ipj -without dismounting. Two yrs., 7 st 10 lbs.; 3 yrs.,9Bt 5lbs.: 4 yrs., 9st 11 lbs.; 5yrs., 10st. lib.; 6 yrs. and aged, 10st 4lbs. Eight entries:— Mr. J. Cbambers's br.m. Diana, aged. Mr. J. Prat's b.m. Luenara, aged. Mr. W, Nation's bjn. Musidora, 4 yrs. Mr. J. Harvey's b.m. Brenda, 4 yrs. Mr. W. D. Fisher's br.c Cotherstone, 2 yrs, Mr. B. Bladder's am. Gipsy, s yra. Mr. P. Jewell's b.g. Bushman, aged. Mr. L. Barnard's br.t Midnight, 3 yrs. S0UBTH HACK. Jockey Club Handicap of 70 sovs. Nominations with 5 sovs. on March 1; weights declared, March 15 ; acceptances, with. 10 sovs. sweep, on the night of general entry. One mile and a-half. Six entries:— Mr. H. H. Biekford's br-g. Telegraph. 3 yrs. Mr. J. Prest's bjj. Colonel, aged. Hon. J. Baker's b.g. Cocktau, 5 yra. Mr. J. Gilbert's b.m. Patchwork, 4 yrs. Mr. J. Harper's b.h. Banker. 3 yrs. Mr. E. JL Bagot's e.g. Little John, aged. Third Dat. second hack. St Leger.—A sweepstakes of 10 sovb., 2 forfeit with 100 sovs. added, for three-year-olda. One mile and a-half. Colts, 9 st; fillies and geldings, 8 st 10 lbs. Thirty-seven nominations. Six entries: — Mr. H. Fisher's cX Chrysolite. 3 yrs. Hon. J. Baker's bX Gipsy, 3 yrs. Mr. J. Harvey's Ul Bgremont, 3 yrs. Mr. J. Gilbert's br? Locomotive. Mr. O. Adcock's b£ Miss Nancy. Mr. E. M. Bagot's br.£ Mnrthoo. PIFTH RACE. Trotting Baee for 25 sots. —Entrance, 5 sovb. Optional saddle or harness. Three miles, heats. Weights, list; if in harness, weight exclusive of trap and harness. Two entries:— Mr. C. B. Fisher's gjf. Charlie, aged. Mr. W. W. James's kg. Westbury, aged. The gross amount of the stakes in the race for the Cup will be £1,155, from which S per cent wul have to be deducted for expenses, thns reducing it to about £1,097 —a very nice sum for whoever is fortunate enough to win it There are, as will be seen by referring to the list, 12 horses entered for this, the greatest event of the msnting, and some excellent racing may be anticipated. Mnsidora, who is expected to arrive from Melbourne on JEViday or Saturday, is said to be a clipping mare, being classed next to Barwon, which is the crack horse now in Victoria. TT?r late arrival and the voyage will doubtless be somewhat against her; but her successful perfor mances inspire her supporters with great confidence. Banker and Ebor come next on the betting list, the Adelaide horses being very low down; 30 to 5 is offered against Lubra, 30 to 3 against Cupbearer, who ran so well at the last riaoring, and 30 to 2 against Cinderella. But we expect to see the last- mentioned racer considerably higher in the contest than she is in the betting list. Second payments for the Adelaide Cup were taken upon the following:— Mr. H. Fisher's Chrysolite. Mr. EL Fisher's Lantern. Mr. J. C. James's Ebor. Mr. Dowliog's Falcon. Mr. Dowiing-e Boebnck. Mr J. Wilson's Muridora. Mr. J. Harper's Barwon Mr. J. Harper's Banker. Mr. J. Gilbert's Cinderella. Mr. J. Gilbert's Lnbra, Mr. J. Baker's Levity. Mr. J. W. Gleeson's Cupbearer. Mr. E. M. Bagot's Little John. We subjoin some particulars respecting the pedigrees and performances of the horses entered for the April meet of the Jockey Club, to commence on Wednes day next, taking the horses as they stand on the list:— Telegraph is a brown gelding by South Australian, and has won two or three private matches. He is entered for the Maidens and the Jockey Club Handi cap, is in excellent fettle, has good speed and hard bottom. To do justice to his name he should not allow Midnight to eclipse him. Gipsy is a three-year-old filly belonging to Mr. Baker, and of very good connections. She was entered at the last summer meet for the Maidens, bnt did not show well then; she also contested the Derby, and ran a good third. She is expected to run both in the Maidens and St Leger, and the distance not being trying, she may do somoHiing. Kgrentont was a great favourite at the last meeting, from the tact that Bada was his dam, and because he looked exceedingly wett. He figured prominently in the Maidens, in which he ran second, and for the Ladies' Purse, running second and third. We have not the least doubt that he has improved considerably, and will try hard to win himself some laurels. He is entered for the Maidens and St Leger. Simpson {named, we presume, after the popular jock Simpson) is a brown horse, three years old, and is got by South Australian, who will be well represented at this meeting. If he is as fortunate as bis rider (should Simpson ride him) he wSl not be last in the field. He only contests the M?i<3nn?, Patchwork is now pretty well known. She ran ex ceedingly well with Mack for the Thebarton Plate ; and, if nothing is wrong- with her, she wul not show last before the winning-post She is entered for the Maidens and Jockey Club Handicap. Bushman, entered by Mr. P. Jewell, for the MaidenB and the Shorts, is not very well known in town. His pedigree is unknown ; but no doubt his owner has every confidence in him. Very often those whose names don't appear in the betting-book surprise the knowing ones and win the prize. Midnight, a three-year old filly by South Australian, is entered by Mr. Barnard, her owner, for the Maidens and Shorts. We are not aware that she has ever run before, but if ber speed is anything like that of her namnsake she may be expected to de something Murthoo is a brown filly, by Muscovado, out of dam by Little John by St John. Her owner, Mr. Baeot, is an admirable judge of racing stock, and he will not to 2?^$ I3 d bora% *"? md- Mn?*hoo ? P?t down for the Maidens and St. Leger. Lantern, a brown gelding, by StockweU, out of Juliet, was boro to October, 1861. and is entered by his owner Mr. H. Fisher, for the Mairtfns and the Adelaide Cup He is young, and wOl have to compete with some hard bottomed horses, but the name of his owner is greatly in his favor. He may enlighten not a few before the meeting is over. Zenobia is a bay filly by Kingston, out of Palma (the dam of Baldfaced Stag, Lady Peel, Sc.) by Pleni potentiary, dam Palmyra (Padmore's dam) by Sultan. She was foaled 15th March, 1860, and was imported by' the Hon. Mr. Baker about two years ago. She moans to contest the Town Plate and the Trials. Badger's pedigree is unknown, but tho hone is very familiar to sporting gentlemen. He won the Yorke's Peninsula Plato the other day. Banker is a bay horse, by Boiardo, out of Jeanetto, but is a year younger than his brother barwon, who is four years old. Banker won the Town Plate at Geelong m.MJ2J? last?aBdal*> took the Cup for 20 sovereigns with 200 sovereigns added at the Victorian TurfCfub Spring Meeting, and tho Metropolitan Handicap of 100 sovereigns. Mack was bom in 1854. He is by Prime Minister, out of Steelirap mare, and has achieved a host of vic tories, and has also been defeated. He surprised every body at the last summer meeting by winning the Thebarton Plato in beautiful style ; but he was after wards beaten by Cupbearer for the Welter Stakes, and also for the Stand Plate against the same horse He is, however, a plucky, hard-bottomed, stiff little horse, and wo wish him success in the approaching contests. Ho means to try for the Town Plate and tho Trials. Doctor's pedigree is unknown ; but he won tho hurdle racefat the last meet, and also the hurdlo race the other day at Auburn. He is a good jumper, and of rather fast Melbourne, who is entered for tbe Hurdles, is a bay gelding, aged, but his pedigree is unknown. lord Baglan, late Tommy, also contests the Hurdle Baco. Nothing is said about him in the Stud-book; but Mr- Lone, his owner, is a careful trainer, and no doubt knows what he is about Leader, Donovan, and Flying Buck are also entered for the Hurdles. We cannot find out much about their pedigrees. Leader ran first in the first heat, and second in the last heat of the Hurdles in December last Of Donovan and Flying Buck we know nothing. Waterloo, entered for tbe Trials, is known in the country, and his owner now wishes him to be known in town. He has, however, to face some wary cus tomers. The entries on the whole are excellent, and give pro mise of some excellent sport. We subjoin the latest odds for the Adelaide Cup, as posted up at the Globe Inn:— Chrysolite is a chesnut filly, by Stockwell, out of Juliet. She was bom in 1861. She ran well for the Barwen Free Handicap at Geelong the other day, and won tbe Maiden Plate at the CasUemaine Races. She is entered for the Cup. Musidora is very popular. She was the winner of the Queen's Plate, 200 sovereigns, at the Victorian Turf Club Meeting, and defeated Barwon, Chrysolite, and others. She is entered for the Cup, which knowing ones say will be a gift to her if she lands here all right. Levity, another imported racer by Mr. Baker, is a bay filly, by Kingston out o! Frolic, by Touchstone out of Gladiola's dam by the Saddler, dam Stags by Whale bone (engaged in the Great Northern Leger at Stockton in 1863). She was foaled the 15th March, 1860. Sho is entered for the Cup. Ebor is a dark bay horse, 5 years old, by Premier out of Dinah. Musidora is own sister to Ebor, and it is stated that he will not disgrace his family connections in the approaching races. He is down for die Cup. Falcon won the Barwon Free Handicap at Geelong, and was also the winner of the All Age Stakes at Victoria. He is thought very highly of. He is entered for the Cup, as is also Roebuck, who is not spoken much about; Cinderella is well known as the winner of many races. Her speed and bottom are good, and she ought to occupy a good position in the great contest for the Cup. Lubra is also entered for the Cup, and she won the Derby last year. Her pace is very swift Cupbearer is a very hard-bottomed swift horse, and has won several races in a short space of time. Cotherstone, a two-year-old, by South Australian, makes her first appearance at this meet in the Shorts. Musidora is a dark bay mare, by Muscovado, out of a grey mare. She was foaled on the Ist November, 1859. She has never run before, but she must not be mistaken for the Melbourne racer of tbe same name. She is entered for the Shorts. Locomotive, a new racer from Mr. Gilbert's stables, is a brown gelding got bj Muscovado out of Catalina. He is set down to run for the St. Leger. Brenda is a bay mare by Flatcatcher out of Miss Plenipo. She was foaled in 1899, and this is, we believe, her first appearance. Mr. Harvey is her owner, and he will not allow anything to go out of his stables that will not do credit to his name. We subjoin the state of the odds up to tins morning:— Adelaide Cop. 30 to U against Mnsidora. 30 to 9 *• Ebor. 30 to 8 " Banker. 30 to 6 " Falcon. 30 to 6 " Chrysolite. 30 to S " Boebnck. 30 to 6 " Lobra. 30 to 4 " Cinderella. 30 to 4 " Cupbearer. 30 to 4 " Little John. 30 to 4 " Lantern. 30 to 2} " Levity. The following are the acceptances for the Jockey Club Handicap:— H. H. Biekford's Telegraph, 3 yrs., 6st. 7lbs. J. Presf c Colonel, aged, Bst J. Baker's Cocktau, 5 yra., 7st. 81bs. J. Gilbert's Patchwork, 4 yrs., 7st. 121bs. J. Harper's Banker, 3 yrs., 7st 121bs. E. M. Bagot's Littlo John, aged, 7st. lllbs. The Swabk of Egos m a Single Fish fade Frank Buckland's Fish-hatching).—The trout, weighing 1 lb ? carries 1,008 eggs; the perch, weigh ing 41b-, 0017168 20,592; the smelt, weighing 2ozs., 080168 36,652; the brill, weighing 4 lbs., contains 239,775egg5; the herring, weighing lib, contains 19,840; the turbot, weighing 8 lbs., contains 385,200; the cod, weighing 20 lbs, carries 4,872,000 Pabisian View of an Engush Sensatioic Drama. —A recent communication from the able Paris correspondent of our leading morning con temporary contains the following amusing description of a sensation drama now performing every night at the Theatre Chatelet: "It is founded on the novel of ' Aurora Floyd,' and is called ' lie Secret de Miss Aurora.' For obriona reasons, oar sensation novels, however meanly they may be thought of by persons of any refinement of taste, were likely to be highly relished by a large clbsb of French readers. ' Miss Aurora's Secret,' as put upon the Paris stage, seems to be looked upon as a very serious and pathetic play; but I suspect that its effect upon English spectators will be to provoke hearty laughter. They can hardly be otherwise than immensely diverted at the French conception, of an English, country gentle man eating and drinking as hard and as fast as he can put fork and glass to bis mmiHij with bis face within six inches of his plate, and, while thus devour ing, incessantly and unintelligibly talking. Hie occa sionally makes a very short break in his epicurean pleasure to address a burst of sentiment to his wife; and, when trouble comes upon him, he Bits and whimpers helplessly. Balrtrode, the dashing cavalry officer, is got up to resemble as nearly as possible a distressed tailor; but, as he wears moustaches and a bit of variegated ribbon in the buttonhole of his black coat, it is, of course, impossible not to recognize bis profession. The coroner, a very bald gentleman, with a wonderfully pink scalp, and a tippet to his coat, comes in, attended by two policemen, to take Aurora to prison; but he allows himself to be moli fied, and calls in a witness, who takes upon himself the office of counsel for the defence, reasons with the coroner, and convinces him that Aurora is innocent and Hargrave guilty. Whereupon Hargrove^ who is represented by a bandy-legged giant, with a diseased physiognomy, intimidates the policeman by the dis play of a carving-knife, and escapes to the woods, but only to be there tormented by the ghost of James Gonyers and other aparitions, got up upon the Pepper principle, and which are the most effective things in the play. Much stress is hud in the bills upon what is called a hop-picking festival, which takes place in a sort of forest, amid huge trees, whereon the hops may be supposed to have grown; but, having been gathered, they are, of course, do longer seen. The festival consists of a series of dances performed by poung ladies in Scotch oostume, most of the men present also having, more or less, a tartan hi their attire—it being, apparently, the con viction of French playwrights that the 'Highlander 1 is the chief and predominating ingredient in the population of Great Britain." Evidence befobe Committee.—lt is much harder to obtain information than some people may think; most persons don't know anything, and those who do don't say what they know. Here is a real episode from, the history of an enquiry which took place four or five years ago into the desirability of m?Hng a new line of railway on the Border. A witness was giving what is called " traffic evidence," in justification of the alleged need of a railway, and this is what occurred: Mr. Brown (the cross- examining counsel for the opponents of <he new line) —Do you mean to tell the Committee that you ever saw an inhabited house in that valley? Witness—Yes, I do. Mr. Brown—Did you ever see a vehicle there in all your life ? Witness —Yes, I did. Mr. Brown—Very good. Some other questions were put, which led to nothing particular; but just as the witness—a Scotchman —was leaving the box, the learned gentleman put one more question —I am instructed to ask you if the vehicle you saw was not the hearse of the last inhabitant ? ft was.— CornhiU Magazine. The Doob Looking afifb the Key.—Alexander, fourth Earl of Kellie, like most of his compeers of that day, was rather a hard liver. He married Annie, daughter of the third Earl of Balcarras, and in the first confidence of early married love, intrusted to her keeping the key of the wine cellar. Lady Kellie was naturally anxious to put some limit on his liordship's potations, soon the first occasion that he invited several a\ bis boon companions to the castle for dinner and a drink, sue gave as much wine as she thought good for them, and walked quietly up to Carnbee, with the key of the cellar in her pocket, to take her "four hours" with the minister's wife. She, however, formed s very poor idea of the drinking powers of the party she had left behind. They coon discussed the small moritCTm which she had left out for their consumption, and on TTi? Lordship sending for more he learned how matters stood. His measures were soon taken; he bad the cellar door forthwith forced from ite hinges, and desired the servants to take it to the manse, with his compliments to her Ladyship, and if i she asked any questions, to say—a That it was the cellar door come to look for the key." — Conolty* Biographical Sketch of Bishop Low. ; A coloured firm in Newark, New Jersey, having suffered some peculiar embarrassments, recently ' closed, and the senior member gave to the public the i following " notis:" "De disholution of co-parsnips heretofo resisting twixt me and Mose Jones in de ' % barber perfession, am heretofo resolved. Pussons ; r who ose must pay to de ecriber. Dem what de firm | I ose must call on Jones, as de firm is insolved,"— | i>{£osten Advertiser, I 