LONDON. (From Our Own Correspondent.) 26th May, 18G4. Last month I was able to announce tint the Dano-Gerinan conference had at Jast met, though what was the result of tbe meeting Lad not transpired. It however soon became known that the designs of the promoters ot peace were frustrated by Austro-Prussian tatics. The proposal for nn armistice — one would think to bo obviously the first topic for the consideration of the pleni potentionaries — was met by the rebuff ' no instructions.' So .the conference adjourned to May 3id; but as the Princess of Wales held a 'Drawing Room' on (hat day, on behalf of H«r Mnjetty, it was deemed sufficient reason for postponement to the hllowh'g da}1. ' No instructions' had then arrived, so that it began to be generally fejra! tluit tlio Conference would utterly fail of its object ; and the Danes consid r id that they were likely to obtuin bjtter terms by direct nego:iation with the Cabinet of Berlin aud Vienni, than by waiting for the decision, or indecison, or non-decision ot tlio Conference. It was stated outside that the Danish Go vernment declined to raise the 1 1 -ckade of the German ports, and that the Ger man powers demanded this as nn indis pensable step to the acceptance of nn armistice. It also transpired that the latter wercdetermined to set the treaty of London and tlie public opin'oi of Europe at defiance. A Ministerial journal at Berlin declared the treaty to be 'torn up and destroyed,' and tliat the German allies will claim the nation al independence of tiio Duchies, and their union with Germany. Meanwhile an Austrian squadron had passed the straits of Dover northwards, and our channel fleet was brought round to the Downs, within three days sail of the Baltic, — sending on a couple of scouts to watch tbe Austrian movements. On ICth Ma}', Earl JJ.ussell announced in the House of Lords that the Con ference l-ad agreed that day to a sus pension of hostilities for one month, to commence from May 12. The terms or tlie arrangement are, tuattbe bellige rents shall maintain their respective positions on sea and land, and that the blockade should be raised. The same evening; it was announced ia the House of Commons — with a response of loud cheers from all parts of the House, that an action had been fougbtbetweenan Aus tro-Prussian squadron of five vessels and three Danish ships, in which the latter obtained a complete victory. Subse quent details have confirmed this an nouncement; — bearing tribute to Dan ish gallantry — although the Germans have tried to make tbe worse nppear the bettor cause. The Conlerence met again oa the 12th and 17th, and then adjourned to the 28tk— -a very long ad journment considering the critical state of affairs, that more than half the time for tho armistice will hare expired, and unless all preliminaries are then settled, there will be little chance of the deli -erations leading to any practical result. Indeed it seems to be admitted that the Conference makes not the slightest pro gress. Ia point of fact, the German powers rather seem to regard it as con vened to set the seal of legality on their successful wrong, than as intended to find some reasonnble mode of settling' tho controversy with Denmark. They altogether repudiate their treaty en gagements, affirming that the war has liberated them from all international obligations towards the Danes even those solemnly contracted in concert with otjjier powers, and ftr Eunpep objects, ' On tho other hand tho Danish plenipo tentiaries insist on the integrity and obligatiou of the treaty. The neutral powers have therefore to decide whe ther they will allow this bold violation of a solemn engagement to be carried out with impunity. In this state of affairs it is not surprising that even in circles ^hore tho ftrmistice excited some hopes of the restoration of peace, a gloomy and desponding tone pre vails. In tlie present temper of iilmost every class it is quite possible that if tbe war should be resumed Lord Pal merston and tbe war Eection of the Cabinet would insist on intervention. In. deed it is said that the Premier is very indignant at the present condition of affairs, and regrets he did not insist earlier on a more vigorous policy. He would probably bo sustained in it if one may judge from the intensa bitterness with which the conduct of Prussia and Austria is everywhere spoken of, and for the increasing popular sympathy with the Danes. It is very much de plored that private interests should be involved in this contest, and lead to differences in high quarters. It is un derstood that the Princess of Wales stands up with indomitable courage for her country, and that her hushand backs her loyally. On tbe other hand, the visit of Prince Alfiei to the Court of Prussia, where ho has been received with honours, and decorated with, in sigma, is a significant mark of the views which prevail at Windsor, 'file differences are natural, but it is to be hoped that they will not lead to estrangement, nor to any improper in terference with operations demanded by state considerations. On the 11th May, Mr. Baines' Bill for ths reduction o.L the Borough Fran chise came on for second reading. Whilo high praise is due to Mr. Baines for the careful and powerful array of facts and arguments with which be sup ported his measure, the debate was chiefly noteworthy for tho part which Mr. Gladstone took in it. Last month I referred to his eloquent speech on the Budget; the speech on this occasion was more startling-. Before he Lad spoken a couple of minutes, it was evident that his views bad undergone a total change since he last addressed the House on the subject of Parlia mentary Reform ; and that he had be come an enrnesf, energetic, and tho rough going Reformer. From first ta last, ihe speech was ia his best style, inspired by his finest eloquence j cha racterised by nil the breadth of view and cogency of argument which dis tinguish his kindling of great sub jects, when his mind is mado up, and uis moral earnestness is enlisted. Al though deeming the introduction of this particular measure inopportune, he was prepared to vote for it, and fop any plan which, without 'sudden or intoxicating change,' would introduce the ' select portion' of the working class within the constituency. But tbo House was astonished, — cheered loudly and counter cheered— cheers which, have been echoed ali over the country ? at the words,—' Tt may, however, b& said that eucIi statements fof general prosperity, confidence, and quietness among the working classes] prove the existing state of things to be satisfac tory ;— but what I would say in reply to that argument is thip, th.it every man who is not personally incapacitated by some consideration of personal un fitness or political danger, is morally entitled to come within the pale of the constitution.'' This is more than any leading Statesman in the House of Commons has yet daved to say. Both sides of the House were dismayed, and. in Whig circles the indignation nguinst him continues unabated. It does not appear that he took the Cabinet by surprise, nor that he hud behaved other wise than with perfect frankuess. But how far this forward s ep will affect his party, or influence the impending general election, cannot be determined at present; the Dano-German affairs stand first for political consideration. 1 here can bo no doubt that, in refer ence to Reform, he will henceforward be looked to carry the colours. Garibaldi has safely reached Caprera. Hie enthusiasm awakened by his pre sence has naturally subsided, but there is still some controversy respecting the reason for his sudden departure. At tempt has been made to show that Le came to this country with the intention ot making his visit subservient to tUa objects ot the ' party of action,' and. that he was disappointed when he found that no influential persons or party in England was prepared to support his design. But there is no evidence ta support this. The evident transparency, integrity, nnd disinterestedness of the man are opposed to it. It is very dottbtfui it political motives prompted his visit At the same time it does not apiiear quite clear that political reasons did not hasten his departure. There is still some little mystery about the mat ter. An indignation meeting was held in one of the Parks, attended by some thousands of people, at which some very strong statements, wore made, protest ing against the improper pressure put upon Garibaldi. Theso statements aroused Mr. Gladstone, who had already explained the part he took in advising tho General to leave ; and at his own request a deputation waited upon him to talk over the subject. He then statod that ho was never more astonished in his life than when ho heard thnt the General wns to be sent tiway because of the pressure put upon him. ' With, respect to anything said about the government wishing aim to go, or that complication would arise if lie did not, it was not true, Tkero was nothing* of I a political character in the conversation. I All that I said or did was to urge the I General not to peril las henlth.' This | is distinct enough. But though every | nne in like manner disclaims the ' nres* I sure,' it is quite possible that Garibaldi | himself may have thought that his I presence might occasion some einbar I rnssment in the present critical state of I European politics. On his departure I lie wrote a touching and eloquent fare I well to the British people. In this he I holds out the free institutions of this I country as an example to his own, I speaks of the two nations as ' already sisters,' foretells that Italy must appeal again to arms to accomplish her free dom, consigns to British care the cause I of nationalities, and prays for a union between England, and France, which, consolidated uy freedom, ' would fruc tify the siaoere and formidable alliance of tba two peoples, — of civilisation against savagery — and by which, without un alieathing the sword, the great work of the peace of the world would be in stalled.' Turning1 to Ecclesiastical affairs, the presentation of the Oxford Declaration must not I)B overlooked. On the after noon of the 12th of May, nearly GOO Clergymen waited at Lambeth Palace on the Archbishop of Canterbury and other Bishops assembled lor the pur pose of receiving; it. The Bishops were those of Carlisle, Gloucester and Bristol, St. Asapb, Bangor, Rochester, and Moray and Ross. The Venerable Arch deacon Clarke then addressed the Arch bishop in the name of the Deputation. reading also an address, which had been agreed upon, and then the De claration itself which had been signed bv about 11,000 of the Clergy. The Declaration is -in the following words : 'We, the undersigned Presbyiers and Deacons in Holy Orders of the Church of England and Ireland, hold it to be oar bounden duty to the Ohurch and to the souls of men, to declare our firm belief that the Church of England and Ireland, in communion with the whole Catholic Church, maintains with out reserve or qualification the in spiration and Divine authority of the whole Canonical Scriptures, as not only containing, but being the Word of God ; and further teaches in the words of our blessed Lord, that the ' punish ment' of the ' cursed,' equally with the ' life' of the ' righteous,' is 'everlasting. The Archbishop, for himself and the other Bishops, then replied, expressing satisfaction, and saying,- ' This assur ance strengthens the conviction that the Clergy of our Church will never be disposed to propagate opinions which tend to subvert the fundamental doc trines of Christianity.' The Bishop of Natal has writton a letter to his Diocese, in which he pro mises his flock that he will be with them as soon as the legal questions involved in the present controversy are settled. He says he has been advised to petition her Majesty to settle at once by authority the jurisdiction of the Bishop of Cape Town ; and that he will maintain his rights ugainst the Cape Town Synod and their threat of excommunication. He urges tho laity of his Diocese to stand last in the liberty wherewith tho ' blood of the Reformers first, and now latterly the advancing cause of scientific and re ligious thought' have made the Church of England free. At the meetingof the University of Lon don, recently held, the Chancellor; tlie Earl of GrauviUe congratulated the As sembly on the greatly increased number of examinations, of candidates for matri culation and degrees, although the stand ard of examination had been extended aud raised to a liigher point, of the num bers of graduates. H-? also referred to the high distinctions which some had ?won. But while the status of the Uni versity was so good, the finances were in sufficient iiud the buildings unsuitable. The annual meetings of the different Ccligioua aud Benevolent Societies have just been held in London. The reports and speeches have beou not less interest ing than on former occasions. The Church Missionary Society reported the year's income at £154,247 ; the Wesleyau Missionary Society at £134,256 ; the so ciety for the propagation of the Gospel in Foreign parts, at £87,832 ; the London Migsiouaiy Society, at £6\,fftt ; the Bap tist Missionary Society, at ,£34,41!); the Colonial Missionary Society, at .£0,7] 8. The British, aud Foreign Bible Society, received during the past year £89,897 for general purposes, and £7S,OO7 for copies of tbfi scriptures ; the Religious Traet Society £107,800 ; the Church Pastoral Aid Society £44,Hb; the London City Mission £42,470 ; the London Society for promoting Christianity among tho Jews jE32,CS0. Tlio sums promised to tiio Jubilee fund of the Wesleyan Missionary Society amount to £173,000. At the an nual meeting of the Baptist Union, the chairman, the ttev. J. O. Murrell read a lengthened address in course of which he remarked on the following topics :— Es- says and Reviews', The Evangelical Party in tho Church,Ætheticism, Reverence for the Bible, Theological state of Dissent, and the duty of Dissenters with respect to the Church, At the annual meeting of the Congregational Union the rev. H, Alton read his inaugural address of an hour and a half which chiefly consisted of a review of recent controversies re specting the scriptures. He said that he believed ' the dogma of a verbal inspira tion had in thousands of religious men produced a widespread revolt, and a very painful and perplexing unsettledness re specting the true character and claims of scripture.' He asked where was the proof of the dogma, and he maintained that the sacred writers were ' no mere bearers of despatches for the Court of Heaven.' But God inspired their human intellect and human soul were alike em ployed in the authorship of scripture. To make them impassive instruments of the Divine was to reduce them to mock per sonages of a sacred drama. For the most part those views were approved by the Assembly, The annual Synod of tho United Presbyterian Church of Scotland, has also been held. The principal busi ness was the overture for union with tbo Free Church. The committee appointed to confer with the committee of the Free Church, gave in a lengthened report set ting forth tho points of agreement and difference— tho latter being chiefly with reference to the relation of the civil ma gistrate to religion and the church. After vory lenghtencd discussion tlio committee was re- appoiufed to continue tlie con ferences. At the last meeting of convocation a ' gravamen' was presented to tho Upper House signed by 40 members of the Lower House, urging that synodical judgment should be passed on 'Essays and Reviews.' The Bishop of Oxford supported this appeal. After fulldiscus sioii the Archbishop of Canterbury gave his casting vote in its favor, and all the Bishops of the province were appointed as a committee. At the 75th Anniversary of the Royal Literary Fund, his Boyal Highness tho Prince of Wales made bis first public I appearance as a dinner chairman, and performed tlie duties of his office very . gracefully. He was cool and collected, | spoke out with a f rank, pleasant delivery, and gave bis hearers the impression that he took a real and genuine interest iu what iio was doing, lsi fact be won golden opinions. His speech in proposing the toast of the evening, referred to tho broad and Catholic character of theinstitu tion and to'the secrecy with which its'timely aid is given. He alluded very fittingly to the late Prince Consort and Mr. Thackeray— the former having made his second speech in this Country, as Chair man of the Literary Fund Dinner. The . sum collected amounted to L2,OD0, un usually large ; the attendance unusually brilliant. Tho Exhibition of the Royal Academy this year is generally considered to be unusually interesting. The average ar tistic merit is higher than it has been for some years, although there are few Royal academicians represented. Land seer sends a considerable number of picture*,— amoug which a view of the Arctic Regions and Polar Bears stands pre-emiuent At the Anniversary of the Royal Geographical Society tho Patron's or Victoria gold medal was presented to Capfc. Grant for his journey from kZauzi bar to Egypt in company with Capt. Speke, and for his contributions to the work of that explorer. The Founder's gold medal was given to Baron von dcr Deckea for his two surveys of the lofty mountains of Kilimanjaro, which he found to be capped with snow, and to have an altitude of at least 20,000 feet. There are few publications of great in terest issuing from the press just now. TheLifeof Genl. Sir Wu-. Napier, K.C.B.; edited by II. A. Bruce, Esq., M.P. ;— The Colony of Victoria by Ifr. W. Westgarth ;— Mexico (ancient and mo dern), by Mr. Michael Chevalier, trans lated by Mr. Alpass ;— Her Majesty's ails, a» account of the British Post Office by Mr. Lewins ;— are most note worthy. The Cotton Question is becoming in creasingly Rerious in the mercantile world. In vwvr of the probable decisive character of the present conflict between tlie American Federals and Confederates, it is uncertain whether there may not be a large amount of hoarded cotton thrown upon the market, reducing the price moat ruinously, and damaging the interests of growers in other parts of tlie world. Merchants who arc in a position to know, calculate that— apart from such a contingency— there will be an aggregate increase in the supply, but not over and above what will be used by the manufacturers. It is satisfactory to be able to add that tbe Lancashire .relief committee, show week by week, a very large reduction in the number of persons receiving parochial aud voluntary relief, and increase in the hours of labour. At the same time they think it well to remind tbe public that tho distress is not yet over, and that their resources may bo more than required another winter. ) The literature connected with the ' Slinkspearo celebration takes precedence of all other this month. It is impos- j aible to record the number and excel- ; lence of the various reprints of choice editions, tho new editions of complete works and separate plays, the narratives, j songs, sonnets, engravings! and photo graphs issued to commemorate the Tercentenary. The high festival at Stratford-on-Avon, the dramatic per- , fbrniances at ? the theatres, the popular readings, and other methods of doing honour to the occasion do not come within our 6cope. But the best and most permanent commemoration, aDd the most enduring and suitable monu ment will bo found in the number and variety of Shnkspearian works issued, fr.jm tho press. Franco and Germany too, — especially tlie latter, — are joining in the publication of tercentenary me morials. Tfic most noticeable book that has appeared during the last month is the 'The Life of General Sir William Napier, K.C.B. ; edited by H. A. Bruce, M.P.' The gallant bero is well presented by his biographer. His de votedness to his profession, his fearless ness in time of danger, his utter abhor rence of cruelty, oppression; and mean- j ness, his gentleness to the feeble and , wronged, his indifference to wealth and ' position if dishonourably obtained, — all are presented to view. At the same time his weaknesses are not concealed, j ' His feelings,' says his biographer, i ' were keen, his nature vehement, and . ho could not always brook the wise delay, and the cool reflection which precede attacks on personal character.' Every inch a soldier, we see in tlieso two volumes bow he obtained his first commission at the age of 14, how he handled his men, and by strict disci pline and genial manners made them most efficient and courageous, how with passionate ardour he was always at the post of duty, and foremost in daring and danger, how gallantly he conducted himself in the Copenhagen expedition, and throughout the Peninsular war, and how he returned to England, wounded in the spine, and shattered in constitution, aud bearfngtuo brevet tank of Lieut-Colonel. We are also told how he took part' in politics on his retirement from uctive service, refusing a seat in parliament, but wielding im portant influence throughout tho coun try-side. His generous, sympathising heart was 'sick at seeing the miserable children starving in the streets, end the squalid wretches in all parts crying for food, amidst the rolling of carriages, and the most insulting and seUish luxury, which the rich, people seem to pride' themselves in displaying*.' But he helped to quell the popular cry for republicanism, and moderated the ex citement during the Reform Bill agita tation. And then we learn bow he wrote the History of the Peninsular War, and vindicated his brother's con quest and government of Scinde, and in his vehemence and combatireness brought himself into trouble. But with, all his weaknesses, mistakes, and wrongs, he comes out a Cruo soldier, and a noble man. ' The Colony of Victoria' is the title of an. important work just pub lished by Mr. W. Westgarth ; who is regarded as a colonial authority. In this volume the history of that colony is given from its commencement to the close of last year, with a very full ac count of the social, political and com mercial condition of the colony gene rally, which although only founded in 1835 has advanced with rapid strides. Io 10 years the population was trebled. In 1851, when gold waB found, the village of Melbourne had risen to a great city. And in 1855 the conces sion of self-government greatly helped the progress of the place. During the last 10 years the average rate of in crease of the population lias been more than 21 per cent, of whom tho women furnish little more than one half; but this progression is being rapidly chang ed. The auriferous attractions of the colony have collected people from al most all the nations of the earth — re- presentatives of all parts of the United Kingdom, of every country in Europe, Americans, and not a few Chinese are found there;— these with the abori ginal Australians who are fost dying out, form a very remarkable social spootaole which Mr. Westgarth fully describes. His large volume is not only valuable to those who contemplate emigration, but \ery curious and in teresting as setting before us a field where some of the great questions of modern titties — social, commercial, political, and ecclesiastical, — are being worked out on a large scale. A short quotation will give some idea of the rapid progress : — ' About twenty years ag°o the author happened to return late one evening from the house of a friend situated several miles in a northerly direction out of Melbourne. It was quite dark, being near midnight, as he approached the town. There were no gas lamps iu those pristine days, nor indeed lamps of any kind, and die roads from the nascent metropolis still par took mainly of the random character of ' bush tracks.' Feeling therefore rather uncertain of his whereabouts, he he took himself to a source of information that was all of a piece with other char acteristics of that early date of the set tlement. This was the encampment of a tribe of the aborigines, to which he had been guided by the fires that flick ered in front of tueir rufie wigwams. Somfi lay osleep, rolled up in their opos sums rugs, one was sick and a ghastly and comfortless spectacle he appeared, while others were still busy over the tobacco and other spoils of the day gathered in the town. They readily pointed out tlie proper direction, and Melbourne lay scarce half-a-mila fur ther on. The site of that native en campment is now that of the Mel bourne University.' Mr. J. E, Gorsfc, recently Commis sioner of the Waikato District, New Zealand has just published a volume entitled 'The Maori King,' or the story of our quarrel with the natives of New Zealand. He landed on the Is land in ifay 1800, and was a witness of the greater part of the struggle be narrates. His view of the quarrel is highly favorable to the natives, which he thinks hnvo been unrighteously dealt with. The very industriouB George Augus tus gala — tlie writer of letters as spe cial correspondent to a daily paper on ' America in the midst of War' — the describer of 'Streets of the World' in 'Iemple Bar, (this month, describing one iu Windsor)— has found opportunity for publishing a sequel to ' Breakfast in Bed.' The essays re printed from Household Words and other publications be has grouped to gether under the title ' After Break fast, or Pictures done with a Quill,' making 2 volumes of easy cheerful reading, with no sjtecial thought ot purpose. Tlie first called ' A Jackdaw upon a Wedding' is a good description or the Prince of Wales wedding. ' Stone Pictures' dsscribes what he saw on a visit to a lithographic estab» litihinent in Lincoln's Inn J?ields. ' The Great Red Book' amusingly describes the contents of tho London Post Office Directory ; and how the contents are got together, sorted, corrected, arrang ed, and fixed. Elihu Burritt — ' the learned black smith.' — the author of 'Sparfcs from tho Anvil' bas accomplished a fe»t which he undortook to perform many years ago, and has described what he saw and heard in ' A walk from London to John o' Groats.' Tho notes by the way are made by an observant bibb, and though chiefly relating to agricul ture, will be instructive and amusing to a good many. Many a hint will Its welcome to tko'Be who know how to make use of it; and raany a description will be appreciated by those who are fond of natural 6cenery, and many a reflection will be pondered by those who are open to instruction. Thus he writes — ' I walked down one long avenue and counted them on either 6ide. There were not sixty on both j yet their green and graceful foliage reached a full third of a mile. Not sixty to pillar and turn such an arch as that ! I sat down on a seat to think of it. There was a morning service going on in this Oathedrnl of Nature. The dew moistened foliated arches so -lofty, so interwebbed with wavy spangles of sky were all set to the music of the anthem. ' The street musicians of the heavenly city' were singing one of its happiest hymns out of their mellow throats. The long and lofty orchestra was full of them. Their twittering treble shook the leaves with its breath, as it filtered down and flooded the temple below. Beautiful is this building of God ! Beautiful and blessed are these morning1 siaging-- birds of His praise ! The Countess de Gasparin has her admirers, and they will welcome her new volume, ' Human Sadness.' It consists of essays on Oppression, Mis takes, Weariness, Decay, Soul Torture. Death, &o.; Having seen sorrow she can comfort the sad, but there is a want of breadth and brace which should characterise even books for sorrowful hours in these days of gospel- revelation. M. Michel Ciievnlier's work on Mexico, Ancient and Modern, has been ably translated under tho author's su perintendence by Thomas Alnass, and has been published by Maxwell and Co, These volumes, which present a faithful historical exposition of French policy in Mexico, are already accepted and treated as official documents. Their contents, it is said, are due to imperial inspiration ; they contain ' Napoleonic ideas' and paragraphs of winch the Emperor himself must have been the originator. The work, however, is not merely an exposition, it is a justification of the Mexican campaign, — political and military. It gives a complete narra tive of the origin, progress, and results of that campaign ; and elucidates, with the author's elegant but powerful logic, the imperial motives and aims. But it must not be supposed that M. Chevalier is the mere tool of Napoleon. He loses nothing of his independence in becom ing the exponent of imperial idBas in regard to Mexico, for with characteristic sincerity, he associates himself with them, and sanctions them by adoption. The protection of the Latin races is clearly the object of the Emperor of the French, aocording to our author. This is his idea, and the great means he is at present employing is the erection of Mexico into a powerful state under a German ruler. The reader will find the theory fully developed and expounded by II. Chevalier, and in a manner re markable alike for eloquence, logic, and artistic skill. View the work as we please — in the light of a purely ori ginal composition, or as an imperial inspiration, it is a most masterly per formance and is not less the product of an historian and a scholar than of on economist and a politican. Indeed the author, faithful to his own past, goes fully into the questiou of tlie material wealth ami capabilities of Mexico ; — and none is better fitted for this than he. A good hook has been written by II. A. Tilley on ' Eastern Europe and Western Asia; — Political and Social Sketches in Russia, Greece, and Syria, in 18(31-3.' His account of Russia and its present condition is important ns well as interesting, for we have heard little from travellers sinoe tlio time of the Crimean war. There is a great deal that is new, including the oper ation of the reforms effected by tho pre sent Emperor. The Polish question is also discussed with a desire for im partiality. The account of Greece before, during, and afW the Revolution is of much interest and includes much that Uas not been told before. The whole book will well repay perusal. 'Fue title of a work by Dr. Ryan, Bishop of Mauritius explains itself, ' Mauritius and Madagascar, journals of an eight years' residence in the Dioeese of Mauritius, and of a Visit to Madagascar.'1 Of past operations and future prospects tho Bishop gives a very clear idea, and their publication will be welcome to a!! who are interested in missionary work. Dr. Horace Bushnell's book u Work and Play,' is wovth careful reading. He writes on ' The Age of Home spun,' ' The Day of Roads,' ' The Growth of Law,' ' Life or tlie Lives,' ' Religious Music,' &c.; Memoranda of the Month.— It is reported that &lr.; Michael Banim — the writer of tlio racy O'Hara Tales — has another in a very forward state of preparation. It is also stated that M. itemin is busy writing a Life of St. Paul, whom hedesifjuatas, 'the founder oF Christianity. Auiong the curiosities of the Shakespeare Tercentenary is a ' People's Edition of Shakespeare,' in which the publisher gives a complete play for a halfpenny. Tho first num ber containing ' Hamlet aad OtbelJo,' with two illustrations and a portrait, has just made its appearance — ' two a penny, like hot cross buns. — Professor Blackie, of Edinburgh, on dismissing the second Greek class for the session, read to the students an English poem of 30 verses, which he called, ' The' Highland's Farewell to tlie College.' These vigorous verses begin thus : — ' Hence old folios, dust aud paper, laky scrawls and musty lore ! I beside this biinkwg taper, Btiukiug-eyed will beud uo more.' Mr. FraserTy tier's History of Scotland, from the accession of Alexander III. to the Union, is being issued by Mr. Niromo in a 6tylo uniform witu. Lord Macaulay's History of England, and Sir Archibald Alison's History of Eu rope. Tho first part and first volume have just appeared — there will be 10 parts and 4 vols. — Mr. Murray has issued a Is. reprint of the principal Sfweches a»d Addresses of Prince Albert, with outline of his character,-fec. The first article in the ' Quarterly Re view' is on ' The Prospects of the Con federates.' It is very desultory and discursive. It points put tbe difficul ties of the Federals, stating that so large army, on their side, has ever got more than 30 miles away from its water base for any length, of time ; and that the combatants are advancing- to the fourth and fas seems likely) deadliest collision, under circumstances of greater equality, than have hitherto existed. The difficulties of the Confederates are stated to be— 1. Insufficient supply of men, horses, end food : S. Jealousy between the armies of the Potomac and Tennessee, and general dissatisfaction with President Davis and the Con federate Government. On the Con federate side the advantages any be summed up under three beads : 1. The presence of only two great men (we do not even except Stonewall JackBon) whom the war has produced (President Davis aad General Lee). 2. The spirit of 6elf-denial, and harmony of the entire population, mole and female. 3. The possession of hidden and interior lines of communication.' Further on it is stated, ' that whatever be the origin and causes of this war (and we believe them to bo multifarious) it is little less than mockery to ask us to believe that the Northerners are fighting solely to extinguish, and the Southerners solely to perpetuate, slavery.' Evidence is thus given of the misery of the blacks under Northern oversight. ' This mighty war 19 but the first scene in by far the grandest revolutionary drama which lhe ijresent century has wit nessed.' 'It is our hope and belief that the world at large, and America in particular, will be infinite gainers by the introduction of a balance of power upon that continent, where tho unholy dream of universal em pire should hare passed.' The next article on ' Pompeii' is very in teresting. It gives an aooount of the burial of the city by the volcanic erup tion, of the fcxeeavations made at diffe rent periods, and of the more important relics that have been found down to the present time. A paper on the ' magnificent but miserable' empire of ' Mexico' gives a description of its natural products, its political condition and relations, its more recent govern mental changes, and its present pros pects under the Archduke Maximilian, 'the ' Life of General Sic Wm. Napier' is a very complete narration of a glorious military career, leaving the latter part of his life unnoticed. The tenure oi an article on the ' Foreign Policy o! England' may he learned from the fol lowing extract : — ' No one can be in the least degree conversant with the periodical literatnre of foreign countries or hear ever so little of the common talk of foreign society without being painfully aware that an entire revolt has taken place in the tone of foreign powers with regard to the position of England. Ifer influence in tlie coun cils of Europe has passed away. The restitution of material power upon which that influence was based, has suddenly evaporated. It now fails to make even the faintest impression upon states that formerly yielded themselves absolutely to its spell. Our diploma lists are at least as active as they were at any former time. Their vigilance is as keen, their interference is as inces sant, their language is bolder and far more insolent than it was in better times. But the impuise is gone which gave it force. The appearance of war like power which used to give dignity to its imperious tones no longer imposes on its hearers. Its vehemence of lan guage falls dead and important upon minds penetrated with the conviction that the storm which is assailing them is nothing but words — braveuwds pos sibly but still only words. The lan ciiaga of speakers and writers out of doors faithfully eohoes the view's that guide the statesmen of foreign cabinets, Englishmen were perhaps never very popular on tho continent. But whatever else was said of us no one ever thought of iinpunfnng an Eng lishman's courage. If tlio great war had done little lor our popularity it had nt least left deeply graven on the minds of continential populations that we could fight. But all this is changed nov. All the respect for our national character which was founded upon a belief in its bull dog characteristics has disappeared. Our courage is not only disbelieved but it is ridiculed as an im posture that has been /bund out. Every bravado and every cowardice are tho common staplo of popular caricatures. The Englishman furnishes to conti nental wits tbe same sort of standing butt that the Yankee presented to us some years ago. 'fLe estimate of ilie English character that is felt in every circle and class of society abroad, and expressed without reserve by die press, may be sutnuiedup in one phrase, as 'a portentous mixture of bounce and base ness.' Tbe reason of this is that ' our policy has been essentially a policy of cowardice,' not moderation, but cow ardice. 'The Privy Council Judgment' s ably reviewed. The reviewer advocates ' suck aa amendment of our Court of Higher Appeal as would, in full harmony with our great reforma tion statutes, remove the present fever of alarm by giving good security that for the future tbe ancient faith would not bo gainsaid with impunity by clergy of the established church.' In ' Blackwood' ' The Perpetual Curate' has reached part 11 ; 'Tony Butler1' part 6; and 'Cornelius O'Dowd' part 4. The latter does hon our to Garibald.', and proposes a new investment in the ibrin of a monster hotel in some much frequented part of Europe, in which are to bs employed as port of the houshold all the celebri ties of diplomacy and letters, who have been superseded by the universal ex tension, of the electric telegraph. Italian traits of characteristics are briefly told. The decline of whist is deplored. The two puzzles of our era are said to be how to employ our wo men and what to do with our convicts. The first is solved by a prouosal to employ the women in diplomacy! 'Forsyth's Life of Cicero' is highly commended for ability and impartiality. The article is a neat epitome of Mr. Forsyth's book. 'A Groan over Corfe' thus begins : — 'I am an old Corfuite, and under the influenee of the sunny memories involved in that title feel deeply aggrieved at our loss of the seven islands.' Chatty recollections give us an idea of the pleasantness of an Englishman's life there. Hope is expressed that when some difficulties have been passed, a prosperous future is before the Islanders. ' The Great Indian Question' is said to be ' the Land Question.' ' It embraces three different proposals. 1st The sale of un claimed wastelands. 2nd. The per mission to redeem the land tax by a single payment. 3rd. Tlie settle ment of the land tax at its present amount (by a fixed annual payment) for all time.' On the first the writer of tbe paper advocates an uniform price per acre for all the unclaimed waste lands, or at least for all in each district, — the prica to lie exceedingly low and the regulations exceedingly simple. With regard to the second he thinks it would be alike safe and expedient that permission to redeem the land tax should bs enacted with respect to Bengal, where the perpetual settlement prevails, and where no loss can be sus tained by the Government ,? and thus judge of the expediency of extending the measure to the other provinces. On the third proposal he thinks a thirty years' settlement is equitable be tween the Government and the culti vators. He adds, ' Though the amount of the lund tax ought not to be fixed for all time, we may permanently fix the proportion which the assessment it to bear to the value of the produce. To fix the amount of the tax would be a ruinous tolly, aa act ot madness,' a needless sacrifice on the part of the Government, ' an act of political sui cide.' Tho article on *' The Position of the Ministry' presents much the same views as in the last article in the ' Quarterly.' There is an amusing ' Song of Sfatrimoniai M:\tters,' and a capital burlesque on tbe ' sensational,' entitled, '' How to make a Novel.' ' Fraser' opens with an article on ' The Privy Council and the Church oi England.' Tbe judgment of the Coun cil is thus summarised, ' The highest authority known to the law of England has solemnly decided that it is not illegal for a clergyman of tlie Church of England to deny that tho Bible con tains any prophecies at all, in the com mon sense of tlie word ; to deny, that is, that the coining of Christ was super naturally predicted centuries before his birth ; to affirm that parts of the Bibie, usually supposed to be literally true, mast be understood to be allegories or fables, or, to use an unfortunate ex pression, myths ; to deny the historical truth oi such parts of' tbe Bible as appear to them to be untrue. To deny the goodness of such parts of it as appear to them immoral. It has furtlier been declared that the Jaw per mits the clergy to hold and teach any doctrine they please on tbe subject of inspiration ; so that they may, if they like, assert that there is no g-eneric difference between the canonical Scrip tures aud other books. In short, the effect of the judgment is; that the law has laid donrn no positive doctrine whatever respecting the Bible ; except, that it contains all things necessarv to salvation. What else it may contain, and in what sort of vehicle the things necessary to salvation may be contained, are, by the law of England, open ques tions which the clergy may discuss as freely as the laity/' On this the remark is made, tbat tho judgment was not merely legally right, but was the only one which would have been consistent with the existence of the Church of England as a national church, or, in deed, as anything wider than a sect based on mere popular prejudice, and on no plain or intelligible principle whatever.' This is the keynote of tlie article. ' The first view is the only one on «-hich, in the present state of feeling and knowledge, the State can possibly act ; if tbe second view is the true one, there ought at once to bo an end of the connection between Church and State, and the sooner tbe better.' ' A claim on behalf of the Church of 'England to fce treated uy the law as an authoritative expounder of her doc trine, would be inconsistent with the maintenance of its legal position, and tlie renunciation of this claim is tiie price of the legal position itself.' The Oxford protest is sneered at. 'A distinctive peculiarity of the Church of England is, that it is an in-, stitutioa adapted, not for the teach* ing of any particular form of dots* trine, but for the common worship of God by many people of various theological views.' ' Gilbert Rugge' is a tola, of which two chapters are given, by the author of' A First Friendship - : —It opens well. ' Lady Cowpers Diary' is the text book for a resume of eome matters connected with the ' Early Days of George I.' The 3 papers on French life is very descriptive. The ' Campaigner at Roma' discusses the politics of the old world and the D6W — the ' Old' being the ' world' of the Iliad andOdyssy,— the 'New,' Tory Tactics. A..K.H.B. gives us a very characteristic paper ' On Going Away.' An article on ' Mr. Wfait wortn and Sir Emerson. Tennent' is a searching examination of the ' Story of the Guns,' with a view to show the misquotations and suppressions of ite writer, in favor of the Whitworth guns. A highly commendatory notice of' The Infant Bridal, and other Poems' by Aubrey de Verc, is full of extracts, from which we select the following ' Sketch' made up of instincts half, hall appetites — Ingenuous, winning, graceful, graceless Her winged fancies, whereso'er they stray, Find, yield, or make a thousand strange delights ; Then ranging swift as sounds or liumau sprites, For ever they desert, but ne'er betray': To please was what they promised : not to stay : No pledge they asked for ; they conferred no rights — Welcome them, stranger, when they came ; and say, ' Away, sweet Wautons !' when they fly away.' and the following sonnet— 'Count each affliction, whether light or grave, God's messenger sent down to thee. Do thou With courtesy receive him ; rise and bow ; And ere his shadow pass thy threshold, crave Permission first his heavenly feet to lave, — Then lay before him all thou hast; allow K'o cloud of passiou to usurp thy brow, Or mar thy hospitality, no wave Of mortal tumult to obliterate The soul's maruiori;d cahimeaa. Grief should be, Like joy, majestic, equable, sedate, Confirming, cleansing, raising, making free, Strong to consume small troubles, to commend Great thoughts, grave thoughts, that's lasting to the end.' ' Our mutual Friend' by Charles Dickens has a fly notice that at p. SI the title will be explained. That will be in the 3rd number, published ia July ; 60 we must wait, but perhaps we can guess, that is the common ex pression of one of the characters — just as ' something will turn up' was a favorite phrase of Mr. Micawber'g. The Tale opens very darkly. ' On tbe Look Out' describes ' a boat of dirty and disreputable appearance,' contain ing ' a strong man with ragged, grizzled hair and sun-browned face, and a dark girl of 10 or 20, sufficiently like him to be recognisable as his daughter,' making- little liead-n-ay up the Thames, or drifting down witn the tide, the were following the custon ary livelihood, boating for dead bodies rifling their clothes, and then selling tlie corpses. The hardiness of the man, the tenderness ot the girl, are well delineated. Tlie picture is gravely and impressively eketcbrd. Not interior, tlioug-h in a brighter style is the description of Sirs. Veneerfng's house with everything new about it — furni- ture, plate, friends and baby — all fresh. There is also a most humorous dinner party in this new residence ; and the wife and Family wiil be sure to be asked to renew their acquantance after the first introduction. Mactnillau. —'The competition Wai laii sends ins 1 2th arid lust letter on edu cation of India since 18r-5, coutaiuiug a minute of LordMucaulay's on the subject which has been hitherto uHjmblislied. 'i'ba series of lettc-rs is to apjwar immediately in a seperate forni, and is nowminuuncect to be the production of Mr. G. O. Treve~ lyan. In this last letter bo reiterates tha opinion that the natives of India and tha iiugiisli do not understand eacji other— that tbere is little sympathy between* them, that the uatives wisli their con querors out of the country, and regard cbristiauity as a poor exchange for then: liberty, and. that the Anglo-Indians are not likely to wiu the good feeling and re spect of uatire gentlemen. There are some incidents of the Mutiny alluded to. ' The Hiilyar'saudtue Burtons,' the' Sou of the Soil' are continued. The editors ' Recollections of Three Cities' refer this time to ' Ediua, Scotia's Darling Seat,' as Burns apostrophised the modem Atlieus. The allusions to 'Dead Men' are only incidental. The article is cbiefly a description of the city itself. Goldwin Smith asks—' lias England an interest ia the description of the American Union 1' The answer lie gives is sab stautialiy this — a united peaceful republic is not likely to liave a standing army and therefore not likely to menace its neigh bours . a divided republic must be pre pared for ever, and will therefore be tempted to employ ita army in attacking its neighbours. The visions of a vast slave empire in the west are at au end : the useless enterprise of tliO' south would probably find its scope in war. H. Craig sends some beautiful lines entitled ' Ona in the Ciwd, April loth 1804,' on Gari baldi's triumphal entry into London. 'Kant and Sn-edenborg' discuss their views tm the ' spirit' question. Mftttkew Arnold contributes part 'A of ' A iiVouch. Eton.' ' Good Words' maintains its character ; some papers are excellent, others are not: worth much. ' Graudwother'a Snuff' is worse than worthless, harrowing tie feel~ ings, pointless and lessouless, 'Gniy^ S*y'f Grave'' is a beautiful contrast. «P. r^Work' should be on the tables w au who wish to Lavo succinct accounts m 'eueyoleut and religious operations all over the world. This month contains a letter from Dr. Livingstone ou his with OiuwDient from the Ziunberi : and other interesting papers. « The Christian Spec **£|r 'tigh, bold, broad, and generous, wunngaiirst i-lace anioug uadenomina noual religious magazines. 'The Alex andra Magazine' makes its debut this month as woman's 6oeial and industrial Jlil ITWof A The almost-forgotten Laurence Stern Rh.Sr^On^.im tUe author of 'Tristram Shandy 'and 'The SentimentalJourney,' has found an admiring biographer in Mr. Fitzgerald. The clerical wit is presented in as fair an aspect as possible,— not with undue partiality. His sentimentalism and morality Are very properly compared with the general tone of tlie period. But it should not bo forgotten by those who are willing to throw the mantle of charity °ver his misdemeanours that he and OtherS m h\S nmfft&Aion; Worn tlio xranr men who ought to have corrected the general toue, and raised the standard of morality. One of the worst of his esca pades turns out under the investigation of Mr. Fitzgerald to Lave been a malici cxms story invented by a York lady, which entirely bleaks down by a simple reference to dates ; involving an ana chronism of twenty years. Ho liked philandering, and platonic love making, ?was fond of gay and licentious society, and indulged in high stilted and extra ''6™' mujjuagc ana ruae wit. un tue other hand he had his excellencies, ho ?was a keen observer, a genial jwrator, and a clever original. He was not with out personal suffering and domestic trouble; and came to a sad end. Hap pily bis class has passed away, but it is much to be regretted that the people ever Iiad such examples of virtue, and that any ecclesiastical system based upon the Bible could ever have included such mi nisters of morality and religion. 'Punch's' TcrcentenaryNumber :— Of a verie mery answere that Wil Sbak speare dvd elve to «. Tvncxrn Knnnrmrn Man. Wil Shakspeare hadde a servynge man who was fond of Sacke, Soe oae daye whan hee came home, ye man, who was halfe drunkenne, dyd hiccupp, P-p-prythee, n-nowe, goode mmmais tere. /S-gire race a c-c-cupp of s-sacke.' -J-give tbee a c-o-cup of s-sackc ?'quod Shakspeare, mymmyckynge the man, trulye no, not L Bvt I tel thee what. Sir Knave, an thou take not bettere heedc, 1 wil ae thou gettest ye sacke, and that rigntespeedilyc.' Wythe this mery con caitte ye man was suvtten uppe, as ye gentyle folke do cal it. Ut Wil bhakspeare and hys Swcte Harte on Saynte Valentyne bys daye. Whan Shakespeare fyrst dyd paie hys covrt to Mistres Hathawaye, hee dyd sende hyr this swete poem on Saynt Val ventyne bys daye :— *' Ye Rose is redde, ye Violett blcwe, Vensoun is deere, and so are you : Swete Anne, believe the sayinge stil, That there's a Waye wher tier's a \ViJ.' To whyche ye Ladye did rcplic with becoming modestyc :— ' Ye Violett's blue, ye Rose is redde, And I wil thyiikeof what you've sedde: wu« jwu may uamj wii se some daye Anne hath a Wil— Anne Hathawaye.' By thys ye mny perceiue tliat a man hys wytte is often not soe reddyaB a woman's. To CorrcsprnvUnU.— An inquirer in quires why the part of Marsliul Stalk is omitted from the play of f/amlet, when the author distinctly intimates that the Marshal is to walk in beside the Ghost : ? I 'See where he comes with Marshal Stalk!1' We believe that the omission originated I in the jealousy oi Mr. John Cooper, who I disliked a comparison in the scene. I Svrirlnn liari never Kflpn a nlnvnf SimL- I epeare'6 until taken to hear Handel, He regrets to find that the work, so much praised, is nearly all made up of quota tions perfectly familiar to him. We are surry also, but what can we do ? A Clergyman. — The Archbishop of York, Scroop, was so called from being scrupulous, though you might not find that out from the drama. A Taxing Master. — Ha ! ha ! you are a true Shakspearian. A very good motto, indeed, for a place where lawyers get their bills overhauled : — I ?' Th o cheapest of ua is ten groats too Ten groats being forty pence, or tlsree and fourpeuce. Topers and Sifipers. Mr. Pmicli pre sents his compliments to these clubs, and thanks them for the honor they have done him by inviting him to tope and sip with them in memory of the man who has immortalised them. But it would not be fair. He, like the late Lord Eldon, could drink any given quantity, and they would all be floured as the Scotch champions were by the God of the bottle in Burns' song : — 'Who can with Puncli and quart bumpers contend »' Cynical Cad asks, whether Shakspeare ?You M-vu O- uiu^u uiti-iawu uiau t mc have searched the Stratford rate-book for evidence that he was, but find no entry of appeal on his part, and he seems to have paid his rates regularly and with content. , Young Housekeeper— We never tasted any ' daisies pied,' but we dare say they make very good pies. Oranges ditto. An Immortelle — For the third time we utterly refuse to print your tribute to the Swan of Avon. The first lines are our own justification, and though we do not say that they are worse than the average I of the poetry on the subject, they arc not I up to tue mark. I 'O, Will ! accept my homage plenary On thy thy three huudreth teroeu-J tenarv.' I Because the date is nothing of the kind. Bat we thought that long word would bring a good many well-meaniug folks to grief. A painful reflection. — It is in matri mony, as in warfare, there's many a con ference without an armistice. It may I appear like weakness, or cowardice, not to have parted the belligerents, \mt the truth is, intervention in sueh cases, is always a most perilous proceeding. He j who interferes is generally exposed to the I fire of both sides. ] Rhymes to Convocation :— I : Goosey, goosey, gander, j Where do you wander, J .. Upstairs, — downstairs, I In Jerusalem Chamber. ? mSvR &° Tradesman (in quest of W -^£ *' of S- Boniface, and walking by mistake into the rooms of LongNobbs «X? vmT't?11 the same staircase.) «*. Nibbs I believe ?' Nobbs (who is six feet one, and turned a trifle over 12 stone at Putney, the other Zf{- Tkeu my good fellow, you'll behevo anything.' Hairdressers' Motto :-' Two heads (of hair) arc better than one. Scotch and Shakspeariana.— D'ye ken why my neck-handkerchief is like one of Master Shaksneare's nlava? JTnnf on.« -o dinna ken? Varra weel ; then I'll just tell ye ; ma neck-handkerchief is like on»r°j- . play?- bocause its a Tie-mor. MedicaL— Miss Ursula wishes to know if the best writer upon sore throats was De Quinsey t All we can say is consult a solicitor. j hu^t^othinegbeSttllinfit0d0illa Bishop of London's Bird Eye.— Hear the Bishop of London ou the judgment of j the Privy Council and the Oxford decla ration.— ' We find that even young cler gymen in the first vflar nf their mT,,;D»_.. I wve been appealed to ' for the love of Uol to protest against the decisions of ho highest authority in Church and Citato, and some uncharitable and un christian sentiments have been pub lisued in the heat of controversy. Wise men always deprecate such times of citation. Leaders of questionable ortho doxy are apt to put themselves forward and have their own serious faults con doned as the reward of their zeal for the I protest of the hour.' Dr. Pusoy and I Archdeacon Dcnison are respectfully ro :ommended, each of them, to put that in his pine and smoke it. April Gardening for Policemen.— Pro- 1 cure some of the old-fashioned Bow street runners, and train them over your windows. A very pretty effect. In Vino veritsis.— Tradesman to cus tomer.— My dear, we've nothing in ports as low as Is., but we've some delicious damson at 15d. ;— the same thing. 