GHOSTS EVERYWHERE. _ . (From Chambers' Journal. ) *V s have hid quite a run of ghosts during thehst twelve months. They hive beset us on every #ide. Qhoata at the Patent- office ; ghosts in the la a-cou-ta ; ghosts in the Lord Chancellor's own sanctum ; ghosts at the Polytechnic Institution, at the music-hslta, at the theatres ; ghosts in the photographic shop Vrrndowe ; ghosts fitted to adom or to mystify a c irtc ?de-visite album. The tmih is. ingenious men have devised capital anodes of applying well-known optical laws to the production of what Sir David Brewster would call ' natural megic' — phenomena natural in their pro dnction, hut almost magical in their effects. This, one of the moat beautiful of all the sciences, is very rich in capabilities for producing such effect*, owiug to the brilliant colour and dazzling lustre which rayB of light produce under varying circumstances ; and such are the diversities resulting from the reflection of light from polished surfaces, the transmission through transparent substances, and the focalisation by curved lenses end mirrors, that the scientific magician is provided with sen amazing variety of working- tools tor the production of his wonders. Mr. Pepper, at the Polytechnic, told his auditors that he was about to shew them some curious phenomena dependent on the action of light. He made no magical mystery of them ; he declared that the phenomena were purely physical or scientific, having nothing whatever to do with disembodied humanity or spiritual machinery of ' any kind, A curtain drew up in a darkened lecture room. A supposed student or philosopher was seen nested at a table reading ; raps and noises disturbed him ; and presently a phantom of a beautiful woman appeared, almost dazzling In its brightness. The dumb pantomime that passed between the student and the phantom-lady was a humble attempt at a drama, concerning which we need say nothing ; but many little incidents in the drama shewed clearly, that though the student wae a real man, the lady was only a reflected image. She disappeared and reappeared instantly, in a way which no living woman could have done ; and yet there were the speaking eyes, the play cf features, the movements of hand, and arm, and figure, which we can Associate only with a living person. Another phantom was a supposed sculptor, at work upon a bust; the bust intensely white and brilliant. These two, with the student, went through another bit of pantomime, sufficient to shew that wc were looking atan actual mm personating the student, the reflection of an actual man persona'ing the sculp tor, and the reflection of a plaster bust. That tne last two were only reflected images, became evident by the strange modes in which they suddenly dis appeared and reappesred ; but such was the solidity of appesrance, and the play of light and shade, that it was with the utmoBt difficulty the mind was induced to (hake off the delusion, especially as the sculptor and the Isdy were more vivid and distinctly visible thsn the student. 'There are living persons behind the audience,' caid soma of the spectators, ' whose reflected images we sec.' 'No,' said others; 'the real persons must be behind the scene, in fiont of us, but in some way concealed.' ' No, no,' said a third cUss of philosophers ; ' the reel persons arc at the side, and their images are reflected diagonally towards the atage.' ' No, no, no,' said others, who proved to be nearer the murk ; ' the real persons are beiew the level of ihc stage, but between the stage and us ; we can hear something like the opening and shutting of a trap-door nearly on a level with the stage.' J3ut, even supposing 'the last theory were correct, what then: Iiow did the shadow or image, the reflection or double, the ghost or phantom of the real person become visible en the stsge to the spectators in the leciuie-roomr 'There is a convex lens, like that used in a photographic' camera, which produces a focal image at a given number of feet irom the real person 'there is a concave mirror, not a convex iens, which produces this focal image ' there is neither the one nor the other, but a plain looking-glass, which throws a reflection upon come medium or other, placed right in front of us ' we are looking at s misty atmosphere or film, which sends back a re flected image to us as a rainy cloud does a rainbow ' we are looking at a silvered glass ' we are look ing at an un-silvered glass' — all these were theories or explanations, put forth to explain how the phantoms were produced, let the living persons be posted where they might. It was only those wbo had a pretty clear notion of optical science who saw at once that the real person must be concealed beneath the stage, but near the front of it ; that directly facing the audience there is a large sheet of plain unsilvcred plate-glass, nearly or quite upright ; that a very bright light Bhining on the real person, causes vivid rays to be reflected diago nally upwards upon the front surface of the glass ; and that thie reflection is brought back to the audience by a careful adjustment of position girea to the glass. There is not needed any focus or focalieing apparatus whatever ; neither convex lens nor cone ive mirror. If, on a bright sunny day, w e look into a plate-glass shop-window which is rather dark behind, we may Bse our own figures reflecting very distinctly ; we may sec another Self, apparently as fat behind the glass as we are in front of it. The glass is unsilvcred, and yet the reflection often comes out with remark able distinctness. Now, this is the pith and marro w of all the Dirclcs' ghosts and Pepper ghosts, Sylvester ghosts and Carpenter ghosts, theatre ghosts and lecture-hall ghosts ; whatever may be the varying details, reflection from the front surface of an unsil vered plate of glass is themiin cause of the surprising effects produced. After it became known that Mr. Dircks and Mr. Pepper were about to bring out a joint patent, in reference to such very inte resting displays as that at the Polytechnic Institution, many persons familiar with the proceedings of the British Association for the Advancement of Science, recalled to mind a certain paper read by Mr. Dircks at the Leeds meeting of the Association in 18-58. In that paper, the principle of the ghost is certainly very clearly set forth, although the. mechanical details arc left fir others to work out. Knowing what wc now know, it seems remarkable how distinctly Mr. Dircks prefigured the whole affair six years ago : ' We mar suppose a theatre or apartment, arranged as customary when required for dioramic exhibitions, a stege being provided, and the spectators placed in a distinct, darkened, and elevated portion of the building. The spectatots, thus situated, may, for example, see on an illuminated stage two or more figureB, but without being aware that one or some of them bear a visionary character. The peculiarity of this mode of exhibiticg spectral appearances, it will be understood, consists in thus associating a living or solid figure with a merely visionary one, and yet the illusion to be so well sustained that the spectator distinguishes no visible difference between the several actors, when properly managed, until the circum stances of the dramatic scene require the visionary figure to fade away, and pasB through the furniture and walls of the apartment, or play any similar spectral feat.' Here is the real principle, clear and tutmistakesble. Mr. Dircks states that the thought bed occurred to him twenty years earlier, but that it was in 1850 that — accidentally seeing the image of a solid body present a remarkably transparent appear ance — be framed a series of suggestions as to the mode in which the spectral phenomena might be made interesting and amusing. Mr. Dircks gave drawings to show how a pretty parlour-table exhibition might be made up in this way, with puppets instead of living -actors ; en idea which optical instrument makers may possibly act upon some asy or other. Whtn the Dircks and Pepper specification was made public in September last, the ingenious mode of put ting the suggestion into practice on a large scale was fully set forth ; and msny who had admired and wondered at the ghosts now wondered that no focal anage ia necessary, no lens or concave mirror employed. The purpose is described as being, '.by -a peculiar arrangement of apparatus, to asso elate on_ the same atage a phantom or phantoms with .& living actor or sclors, so that two may act in concert ; but the effect being only aa optical illusion ac respects the phantoms.' In the first plaoe, the spectators, seated on benches as in a theatre or lecture-room, see a stage in front of them, euitsble for some .kind of dramatic performance. Between them and the stage is a sunken chamber, the floor five or six feet below the level of the stage. Tnis chamber is open at the top. but the opening is concealed from the audience by suitably arranged boards and screens. Behind the sunk chamber, and at the front edge of the stage, is set up a large plate of plain or unsilvered glass, inclining forward a little at the top, and so environed with painted scenery, as to induce the observer to loac eight of the fact,, that he is looking at the atage through a glatt. Living actors, dressed up in fsj way at pleasure, are in the sunken chamber, with a very strong lime-light or other light shining on them frsm lamps properly placed ; the actors and the lamps being equally concealed from the audience by ecreens. The strong rsys from the illuminated figures strike up in a slanting direc tion against the glass, and are then reflected to (he audience. _ The glass has sueh an inclination given to at, that this reflection shall be visible to the specta tors generally. The effect produaed, though acien. ?jficauy plain enough, is practically very surprising, supposing a young actress, dressed as a theatrically , Beautiful sylph or nymph, to be properly placed in the sunken chamber, and an intense lime-light shin ing en her, we m ftp reflected sylph in the glass ; i but not knowing that there is sny glass there, we eeem to sic a brilliant real sylph on the stage. If the BCtrrss-6) lph, the living person in the sunken chamber, smiles or makes sny gestures, the phantom sylph on the stage does the Bsme; if she sings or speiks, we ) est the sounds, and see the lips of the phantom moving. If the light of the lamps is made gradually to go out, the phantom disappears like a dissolving view ; snd if a trap. door suddtnly but silently closes the top of the sunken chamber, the phantom -lis«p- pt'sre instantly. If the lady walks away from the sur ki n chamber, so does the phantom walk away from the stage -, and then, if an actor, dressed, say as a ma gician, should appear en the stsge, he may seem to perform a little drama with the phantom, if distances end iighta ere properly adjusted. True, he cannot see the phantom himself ; but he iB guided towards its apparent position by marks, cues, or class of some kind. If the glees does not extend all across the stage, he may pass (rem behind to the front of it, or vice vera a, by an opening at the side, without the spectators de lett ing cither the glass or the absence of it : and he mny thus carry on the details of many a curious dramatic plot with the phantom. If there are two or more actors and actresses in the sunken chamber, and two or mere on the visible atage, the by- play may be greatly varitd, and the efltct wonderfully increased. If one of the actors in the sunken chamber is a sculptured statue or a plaster bust instead of a living person, a diversity of result follows from combining the phantom of a living being with the phantom of the copy of a living being. All this is not very easy to describe ; but should the reader succeed in catching the general principle, he will be in the right path for comprehending the multitudinous femily of ghoBts that have lately ap pealed to our phrenological organ of Marrellousaess. There was, for instance, the 'Haunted Man' Lecture, in which two characters in one of Dickens's tales 'fret their hour upon the stage,' the one a real man, and the other the phantom of a man, passing and repassing each other, and sitting alternately in the same chair. There was the scene from an Italian story, in which the ghoBt of a lady appealed in a frame which was a minute before empty. There was the scene, made up from portions of Shakspeare's Tempest, in which Frosptro and two other characters were personated by real actors on the real stsge ; while Ariel was so in geniously managed as to he alternately represented by e living actress and the phantom of that same actress, the one really singing two of Ariel's songs, and the other appearing to sing two other songs, while the real laay was singing concealed in the Bunken chamber. There were the drsmss of the 'sensation' school at one of the cast-end theatres, in which the ghosts of murdered wives appeared to remorseful husbands in a most retributive way ; and there were the wonders of Can terbury Hall. Then, in the latest version of the Poly technic Ghos', there are the spectral tempters of Sir Hubert de Burgh, while watching his armour through the night in the chapel ; the diving-bell at the bottom of the sea, where a real diver and a phantom sailor dance a double nautical hornpipe in a most amaz ing fashion ; and the phantom of the veritable Mr. Tipper himself, only eight inches high, reading a lecture ! This last is curisuB in itself, and optically interesting, for it probably includes the combination of a concave mirror with all the rest of the apparatus ; insomuch that what the spectators actually see is not merely the reflection of a real person, but the reflection of the focalised image of that person — a com plexity requiring very carefully-adjusted apparatus. Mr. pireks, in a small book relating to the ghoBt-eubject generally, shows how easily the optical phenomena may be applied to the representation of short dramas, of which he suggests several — The Returned Mariner ; The Cali fornian Gamblers ; The Miser and the Money-lender ; The Strange Christina-box ; The Duel ; Tne Mil liner Bewitched ; The Gipsy's Promise ; and others. He shows also bow a ghostly hand may be seen writing ; how three spectres may be produced with only one actor; bow spectres may be shown with bloody heads or hands ; en£ how spectres may be shown as if Sotting in the air. The Ghosts in the Photograph crested some noise about a year and a half ago. During the autumn of 1SG2, a photographer, whom we will c&li; Mr. Blank, ivbb pursuing his professional avocations at Boston in AmtiicB. According to an account sent by Dr. (say Dash) to one of the magsziues devoted to spiritualism, Mr. Blank one day bethought him cf taking his own photograph fit was an Sunday, October 5, we are told). He wss engaged in arranging the chemicals in the studio. Whether he thought Sunday to he a proper day for dealing with spirits, we sre not informed; but having prepared a plate, and placed a chair near the focus of the camtra, by which to adjust it, he proceeded to take hie own photograph (card size) by quickly jumping into position, end standing still the required time. The photograph, developed in the usual way, represented Mr. Blank ' as an active, rather athletic-looking man, standing with his coat off, and the black cloth, used to cover the camera, in his hand.' Upon the back of this picture, when it came into the hands of Dr. DaBb, was written : 'This photograph was taken of myself, by myeelf, on Sunday, when there was not a living bouI ia the rotm beside me. The form on my right I recognise as my cousin, who passed a * ay about twelve years since.' The 'form on my right' waa the sen sational part of the whole affair. We are informed that the photograph presented, besideB the picture of the photographer himself, the image of a young girl, twelve or thirteen years of age, apparently sitting in the chair ; the outliae of the upper pert of tha body wbb clearly defined, though dim and shadowy ; the chair was distinctly seen through the body and arms, aB also was the table, upon which one arm rested; below the waist (which was apparently clothed in a dress with low neck and short sleeves), the image faded away into a dim mist, which simply clouded the lower part of the picture. Thia American CouBin— in no way related to the Duu dteary family — was a wonder, a puzzle, a mystery. Mr. Blank asserted to all that the image resembled his deceased cousin, and that its appearance on the picture vvns wholly unexpected by him, and startled him much. No sooner did his ghostly photograph become known in BcstoD, than the genus multiplied with sur prising fertility. Numerous photographs made their appearance, each presenting a faint image besides one ot mere fully-developed character; and each imtge wee declared to be a dead relation of the real sitter. In one there was 'the spirit of a lady sitting in a chair, with a white undefined mass of something behind her, like two or three pillows; 'ia another was ' a faintly-defined form of a young man playing the guitar ;' in another, 'a female figure with ttie hsir dressed quite plain and Quakerish, a small white collsrabout the neck, tied with a dark ribbon, and a chse.fitiing drese, visible only to the waist;' in another, ' a female figure floating in the air ; ' in another, two imsgeB, one of an old man, and one of a young woman; and so forth. All these were irres pective of or subsidiary to the real portrait in each picture ; and there were persons ready t] declare that, in each case, the image represented a deceased relation of the real sitter. Now, we have said that we purpoEely avoid the mention ef names in this matter ; those who are curious on this point may consult the pages of the Spiritual Magazine. It is right, however, to notice what photographers have tossy on the subject. Mr. Blank and Dr. Dash ask ns to believe that the phantom imegines came upon the photographs by spirit-power, whatever that may be ; that in some coses the sitter can bting about this result by simply wishing that his desd relatives may appear in the picture ; end that its medium — for the sitter must be a sensitive spiritual medium — loses this strength if he does this more than three or four times in a day. When, however, the American Photographic Society heard of end eaw these things, it speedily pronounced them to be 'a fraud and gross deception.' The truth is, photographers are acquainted with three or four different ways in which secondary images may appear in photographs. In the first place, when a sensitive glass plate has served its turn as a negative — as many paper positives as may be needed having been taken from it — the film of collodion ur other prepared surface is removed from it, and it may then be used for a wholly new photograph. 11 ut it is found that, unless great care be used, some faint traces of the former picture still remain, and these may appear as a sort of ghostly attendant upon the figure forming the second picture. Oae photo grapher, in endeavouring to utilise an old plate which had fulfilled its duty as a negative of the late Prince Consort, could not wholly erase the image, wash or rub as he might ; there was always a faint ghost of the Prince accompanying any sub sequsnt photograph taken on the same plate. Dr. Phipson relates that a filcnd of his received at Brussels a box of glase plates, quite new and highly polished, each wrapped in a piece of the Indepen M nee Beige newspaper ; a lady eat for her photo tirapb, taken on one of these plates, and bnh. the p.hotographer and the lady were astonished to see that fier likeness was covered with printed char acters, easily to be read -the ghoBt of a politioil iirticle, in fact In this case, actinic rays, aa they are B0'w called, had done their work before the glass was expired to the camera. By another mode or manipu lation, ? photographer may produce a ghost-like effect at pleasm'* - * sitter ia allowed to papain Jn the focus uf the camera only half the time necessary to produce a complete photograph; he slips quicklv aside, aid the furniture immediately behind him is then exposed to the at lion of the light ; as a consequence, a faint or imperfectly developed photograph of the man appear,, transparent or transluctnt, for the furniture ia vtsib'e sppsrently through his body or head. With a little tact, a realty surprising effect may hs produced in thit way. Ab a thitd vitiety, one negative may be placed in contact with another, and a puticulir kind of light allowed to pass through it for a time; tht re ret ults a double picture on the lower negative, one fainter than the other. It is known, moreover, to the more scientific class of photographers, that if the line in the cemeia is imperfectly cinvsa at the surfaces, spots of cloudy light may appear in the phot- graph, having a s-.'mi ghos ly sort of effect. As a wind-up to this Boston enterprise, the editor of the Photographic Netoe allowed nis purse to be gently bled, that be might be able to tell his reidets what the whole affair meant. The Spiritual Magazine announced the eele in London of ' spirit- photo- graphs, 'in packets containing three pictures, for three shillings snd sixpence. The packe's were sealed, snd were not allowed to he opened until the buyer Lad paid for them. The buyer in this cate, an experienced photographer, paid for a packet, brought it home, opened it, and found— just what he expected. The photographs had each been taken from a negative which had been twice exposed to the camera, for two different Bitters, or atsnyiatebad Lad a double manipulation bestowed upon them. Two of them had obviously been taken from imperfectly. cleaned old plates ; and of thete two, one contained the veritable picture of Mr. Blank, and the faint image of his alleged young '? cousin.' What the editor thought of his purchase ia expressed in terms sufficiently clear and ener getic. We need say nothing more on this ghostly photogrsphic subject, than that, if a reader will look right and left in Cheapside and some other of our public thoroughfares, he will find in the photographers' windows and show-cases many curious and even beautiful 'ghost' effects, without any attempt at spiritualism whatever. 