TUE IUDK OF A WOUNDED BRIGADE. THEY were lo idod opon tho traiu; two platform oars were paved with thora forty oa » car. Seven boxos wero so picked you ooüld not sot your foot clown Rmong them as they lay The roofs of tho cars wera tiled with thara and awny we pounded, al! day. all night, into the noxt morning, and tilpa Nashville. Half of tho hoys bad not a shred of blankets> und it rained steadily, pitilessly. What do yon think oT.pIit'orm cars for a triumphal prooossion wherein to boar wonnded heroes to the tune ot' ' Tao Soldier's Return from the Wur ?" Bat the stores of the Sanitary Commlslon and tho gifts of suoli lidies ss are now,' I bal io ve. making your city! a Bethel-a placa of angels-kopt tho' boy's hearts op through' all those weary drizzling hours. It is midnight, and tho attendants are going through the train with.collie, graced with milk and sogar-think of that two fresh, white crisp crackers apiece, and a little taste of fruit. Sid your hand) prepare it, dear lady ? I hope so, for the little bilanoo in your favour sot down in the ledger of God. Herc they ointi with a oanteen ; will yon go with . them ? Chimb through that window into a oar as black as thè Holo of Calcutta. . But mind whoro you step: tho fl Mr is ona layer deep with wounded soldiers. As yon swinjf the lantern ronnd, bandages snow white and ghostly everywhere ; bandages, bandages and now " and then a rusty spot of blood. Whut worn-oat, faded faces lookup at you! They rouse like wonnded creatures hunted down to thoir lairs as yon dome. The tin cup extended in all Borti of hsncUbut plump s nmg ones, tinkle all around you. You aro fairly gird'eel with a tin cup horizon. Hqjr tho dull, pile faces t righten os those cups are filled ! On wo go, cu1, at ono wind jw, in at another stepping gingerly arning mangled limbs Wa reach the platform cars ere .kino; with their drenohed chilled, bruised burdens, and I must tell you -its a sh ama though -that ose poor follow among them lav with a tattered blanket pinued, round him ; In was literally sans culotta. * How ia this ?'' I said. " Havan't got my de- scriptive list - that's what's the mattor," was tho reply. Double allowance all round to tho ocoupants of the platforms and we retrace our steps to tho rear of the train. Toa should have beard the ghost of a cheer that flut'ered Uko a feeblacbird, as we went báok. It was tbe most touch in; vote of thanks ever ottered; thero was n little fl tah up of talk for a minute, and all subs'ded into silence and darkness again. Wearily wore tao h jars and heavily hammered tho train.- At intervals tho guirds traversed the roof of tho cirí, and pulled out the worn-out boys that had jarred down to tbe edges- pulled them towards the middle of the cns without waking them ! Occasionally ono slips over the eaves, I am told and ii miserably or untied. What a homeward, march ia all this to set a tone to ! By- some error in appointmant there wai not quite cotíes enough for a'l on deck and two slips of hoys on tue roof of the oar whera I OCCDP' jd a oorocr were left without a drep. Whenever wo stopped, and that was two hours hore and thros hoars there waiting for this and for that - there was no hurry, yon know-and the sido door was slided bick in its groove, I saw two hungry faces, stretch sd down over tho cars edge and heard tiro feeble vole« s crying-" We havo had nothing up hera siooeryeiterday noon we two-there are only ustwo boys - please givo as something . Hive'nt you got any hardtack?". 1 heard that pitiful appeal tb the officers in charge and saw'tboie faoes till they haunted me, and to- day 1 remember those plaintive tones as if I were hearing a dirgo. 1 felt in my pookots and .haversack for .a cracker, but found nothing. X really hated myself for having eaten my dinner and not saved it tor them. - A further search was rewarded with six crao'iers from tho' Chicago Mechanical Bakery, and watoMug my ohance wbon Peto's hack was tamed -the cook and a smutty autocrat was Teto in bia way - I took a sly dip wpth a' basin into the codie b.iler. Ai the oar gave a lurch in the right direction, I called from the window, * Bava ! ' I beard them orawling to the edge, banded wp the midnight supper ; «? Bally for yon, ' they, said, »nd I saw them no moro. Whan tho train reached Nashville, and I {.clambered down to solid ground nenin Hooked up at the roof; it waa bare. God grant the boyssre with their mothers to-night. And how do you lileo tho ríele of the wounded brigade ?-Correspondent of Av. VKSJEI¿ CABUIED O.'VEB NIAQARA FALLS-An obliging correspondent at Cuipoawa sends us an account cf a melancholy occur mee wbioh took place on tho Niagara rivfi' on Monday, which resulted in tha death of one man hy bjing.carred over the fall and caused imminent peril to five others, as woll as the loss of a'small vessel. Aboil1-, eleven o'ulook in tho morning, thc steamer A. D. Griflin, of Buffalo, roached that port, having , in tow two scows tho Abby and the A. Murray, of Port Robinson. The captain of the steamer not knowing tho depth of watlicr, kept too far into the river with not snffieient steam to keep headway on the 850WJ. One pf the Utter, the A. Murray, striking against trie, pile« at the entrance of the hirbour, swung roand with tho current almost into the jaws of. the mighty cataract. The captain and fo-r mon who were on board seoiog the helpless position into which the vossol had got, and the great pent with whijh they wera threatened-being within los» than five minutes' distance of t^ic great fall-leaped fron the vessel and boldly struck for shore. Four ul them, tho ' o iptain included, suooeeded by great exertions in maintaining themielvesabove the súrtaos: but, sad to relato tho fifi h Bank amid the leapiug and boiling water«, and was carried over the oataraot. In tho meantime a boat, manned by two bravo men, shot out from the mouth of Welland river to tho assistance of tho he'pless beings in the EOÍW. The oarsmen Messrs, l'\ Lauzan, Jun., and Oeorge Morse, pulled boldly aud swiftly out, rescued tho mea from their perilous position, and sucoeeiod in reaching tho shore Jut abo va the fir jt rapid. Ono minute moro and tboy would have been carried over the falls to tho great gulf below. Too milch proiso cannot be given to the mon by whose presence of mind and corn-iga four human beings were thus resouod from certain distraction. The scow glided along the stream till it reached tho rook almost on ! the brink of the cataract where its course was stopped, and where it will probably remain till broken up by thc ice in the spring.- Toronto Leader. TnB ALLEGRO ILL-TREATMEST OF A Gmt, NEAB ROT- HERHAM.-Thomas Bennett, ironworks manager rargats, nnd ilinnah his wife, wereobarged bofore the magistrates at Rotherham, on Monday, wi.h ill-treating Mary Ann Bennett, aged twenty-eight years, tho daughter of the malo defendant by a former wife. Tbo ease had been pre- viously before the bench when Serjeant Horne and other witnesses gave evidence of having found tho girl in a dread- fully filthy and negleoted slate on the 10th Deccmbor. She has since boen in the workhomo and was now clean and properly dressed, but st i 1 bud a strange, vaoint and almost idiotic appearance. Dr. Hardwicke supplemented tho owdehco ho ga.vo. a week ago by slating as the result of several interviews with tho young woman that though of wei!;.intellect Bbc is not insano His Opinion was that, with Mini ti eat ment, sha might bo mada a useful member of society. Sha was certainly not a tic subject for a lunatio asylum.. Mr. William Oxloy, Burgoon, concurred in tliii .opi.niou.. Hi described chrome swellings and defects ia the n.el: »ntl other partB of tho body. Raying that they were likely to have been caused by injuries and ill-treatment. Iii cooli not swear, bowaver thut thay wera not the result ot'disease Tho young worn m wai uex' put forward as a wiitiojc, but though she had talked freely to the attorney and ctlics persons out of court, sbo for sumo tl ni o rofiised ù speak in public. This was attributed to thc prosaico of hsr stopmother, tho youn-j woman saying beforalmud sho dared not give evidence ' if tho old lass was prosent." At longth sho was induced to answer questions mid it was then a'oottaindd that sho did not ui.dcrot incl thb nature of an: oath, nnd^know nothing of the exlsteuoa of God or futuro renards and punishments. Under tho:o oircumstsneíi tho cate was ndj urned for a month in tho hope that kind treat- ment and instruction mi,ht in that lime miks her capahlo of giving ovidenco.-Mr. Whitfi. ld said ho should lo aldo to provo that tho girl had neither been imprisoned nor ill treated OB had ' been stated.. Tho young ' woman said >ho could .nevtrgo.homc nguiii,;nnd she wus rouiorcd to the yroik house.. Toe parents were loudly hooted PBESBBYATIOH OF HAY IN RUSSIA.-In Riisiia it ia' usual te prosorve tho natural verduro of bay. As soon as'tha grass is'cut, it is, without having been «preadj. formed into a rick, in the centro'of wbioh has been-placed n.klnd of ohimney, mado or firm rough planks, lt _ceems that tho heat of fermentation evaporates by thia ohimney, ard tho hay thus ret'aimrnll its leaves its colour, and its primitivo flavour.- ' til Russia tho berry of tho mount-tin ash is made uno of to flavour Jeliios, wine, brandy, and other articles, to. wbioh. it imparts a niOBt agreeable bitter.-Mark lane Exp tu. " .. ' KouaAnox ix' OAK ADA.-Tho annaal report of the ohief suporintondnnt of education thows au attendance in 1862' at tho publie-clomen ory BDhools of 313,7.'3tt, pupils in Uppor Canada, ond 130,474 in Tjower Cunada. Alloting tor iuorease of population si nco the aonsus, it is oons idureJ that this omnonls to about twenty-two per cent, of tho popula- tion of Upper Canada, and about eleven per coat in Lower Caa miß. -Tte T,mc3, Nov. 19tü. ' 