MISCELLANEOU.S. ~hle e.s. City of Launceston took her departure shortly after eleven o'clock yesterday morning. .Thle India, for Invercargill, with a valuable cargo of stock and genernl colonal 'produce, left the wharf about eleven o'clock yesterday morning, and was towed direct to sea. Site has been got off with moat creditable dispatch, and Is expected back again towards the end of the month. Tie ea. llavitah is expected from Melbourne to.day. The lMaggie, for Auckland, is now full, anti anils to-day. She does not clear until this morning, but, per favor of the agents, her conteout will be found in the usual place. EXTaAORDINAnr OCEAN STaAnuaso.-Tile late extraordinary passage of tile Inman Company's steamer City of New York, commanded by Capt. Kennedy', has created quite a sensation i enauticae circles sn Liverpool, and the abstract of her log, which was posted in the Liverpool Exchange Newt Room, on Tuesday, was a source of interest during the day. Thbo distance travelled each day by the City of New York was so great and so regular throughout the passage, that we consider a synopsisa of. th log worthy of perusal-Fron the day (the 12th instant) she left Sandy look, until noon the following day, she stleamed 204 rtiled; on the 14th, 330 miles; 15th, 320 miles; 1Oth, 306 miles; Ithb, 3ll miles; 1Bth, 321 miles; 19th,.323 miles ; 20th, 318 miles; 21p (to Fatnel tock), o54 miles-arriving at Queens. town at 11.o0 .m. of that day. The mean tlime of thei run from New York to Queenstown Is elglht days nineteen'hours, being the fnstest over made by any screw steamer.--lauchester Guar. dian. Tun GnosT on DOARD TiEa GasAT Easoaen. -Tae Liverpool Albion states that, in the course of i paper tred by Captain Paton, relative to the repairs of the Grcit Eastern, he staled thai anl impression got aboard that sbip was Ihaunted, the alleged ' ghost Leiug that of an unfortunaote rivetter, who was Ieard plying his avocation In one of the wells or compartmentis. Capain Paten stated that before the vessel left tlhis country, lie believed that one of the men employed in lier construction was missing. The tan was a rivetter i he was missed from the ship, and never sine:for his wages, the supposition being that lie had been rivetted up in a part of lie vessel. Sc firtmlyimpresacditere omeic of thie men with thills tln, that they left the ship in consequence. They aflirmed that they had heanrd their departed friend busilý engaged rivettiag in the mtiddlo of the night. The story was believed Iy many per sons in New York, and on one occasion while the ship was under repair a diver signalled to he drown up. lie nppeared pile with fright, and !cclared the ghost of the rivretter was busy en gaged in the bottom part of the ship; Iu fact, lhat ihe began rivettiog immediately over his head. Such was tihe consterlntion among theo divers, that they called in the aid of one of itho spirit mediums, who are somewhat numerous in the city of New York. The medium canne on board and after an examination declared that the mi.sing man was there both "tin body and spirit." Fortunately ho (Captain 'Paton) by pure accident was enabled to dispel tioe illusion. Being in a boat near Ilo bows of the s?ip, he discovered that a swivel connected with tile moorings worked to and fro, the movement causing a chink of vibro. tion which, at times, more especially at night, wais heard throughout tile vessel. It waoes this sound which had conjured, in connection with tire supposed fate of the tnfortunato rivetter, tile phantom nlhose mysterious doings spread such consternation Oni board the big ship. 