GLENELG CORPORATION. Friday. March 18. rresent-The Mayor Councillors Howard, Hinde, Jones, Price, and Wright Read, a letter from the Chief Secretary, stating hat Dr. Burton hail l,een annotated to attend we destitute poor ol uienelg. A dedication to the public of the roads in New zlenelx known as the Mall Broadway and Scar lorough-street in New Glenelg Ward was received rom Jtfr. J. B. Neales, and accepted by the Council. Resolved, that the Mayor sign and seal on behalf of the Corporation the declaration of trust required by the Board of Education respecting the school buildings. Councillor HisDEgave notice that he would, at the next meeting, move a reconsideration of the proposed expenditure in St Leonard's Ward. Payments, £110. Mr. Torrens on Transportation.— Meliora, a quarterly review of social science, thus notices in its review of books Mr. Torrens's paper on transportation, which has been printed as a pamphlet, and published by Ridgway, Piccadilly : —'Transportation Considered as a Punishment and as a Mode of Founding Colonies. By Robert It Torrens, Esq., Lieutenant-Colonel A.V.A. and R-'gislrar-General of South Australia. London: Wm. Ridgway, 169, Piccadilly. A paper read before the British Association for the Advance ment of Science, at Newcastle, is here reproduced as a pamphlet from the press of Mr. Ridgway. The writer complains that the Royal Commission which reported a short time a^o neglected to take the evidence of Sir Henry Young and refused to hear that of Sir Charles Cooper-men eminently qualified to speak on the penal system, and from whom the Commissioners might have learnt that transportation, tested in every conceivable form, had proved a failure, whether regarded as a deter rent to those lapsing into crime, or as a reformatory to those already enrolled amongst the criminal class; and that, whilst entailing enormous expense upon the mother-country, it demoralized the social condition and retarded the material pro gress of the communities which it was supposed to benefit Rejecting the evidence of men so eminently qualified to afford the fullest informa tion required-moreover in positions which free them from all suspicion of undue bias— the Com missioners exposed themselves to be influenced by those who regard the question exclusively from their peculiar stand-point as employes in the penal establishment of Western Australia. Lieut Colonel Torrens claims attention for his own convictions on the ground that these have been arrived at, not upon the testimony of others, but from his own observations during a recent visit to the penal settlements, and in a colony adjacent thereto, in which he held the Commission ol the Peace fur more than 20 years, during great portions of which he was a member o! the Executive and Legislative Councils. Ho makos a vigorous and weighty protest against transportation to any of the Australian Colonies, and concludes with the follow Ing minatory words :— ' It would take much to shake the loyalty aud attachment of the Australian people; but injury may be overlooked where insult cannot This would bs felt as a wanton and intolerable insult by all these colonies; and the Minister who ventures to act upon the Report of the Royal Commission on Transpor tation and Penal Servitude will incur the respon sibility of alienating the affections of a million and a half of Her Majesty's most loyal subjects, and will jeopardize the integrity of the colonial empire.' ' Norwood Young Men's Association.— On Monday evening; March 21, the Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson delivered a lecture at Bennett's School room, Norwood, before an assemblage of ladies and gentlemen which completely crowded the room, on 'Natural Magic.' Mr. R. Wells, Pre sident of the Society, occupied the chair. The rev. lecturer commenced by alluding to the study of natural magic in ancient times when the students of it employed their superior knowledge in striking superstitious dread into the minds of the less enlightened part of the community. He spoke of the muffled thunder produced in some of the heathen temples; of the fountain which was reported to have sent forth wine seven days in the year and water during the remaining days; and to other apparently wonderful effects trace able to an acquaintance with some of the laws of acoustics, hydrostatics, and mechanics. Passing on he gave a brief but interesting description of the construction of the eye, referring particularly to the insensibility of that part of the retina situated at the base of the optic nerve, which he illustrated by experiment. Among other interest, ing facts connected with this subject, he showed that the nerve could not simultaneously act as a channel to convey impressions from the brain to the eye and from the eye to the brain. Reverting to the subject of ghosts and spectres, he observed that the greater number of such apparitions could be explained by natural causes, such as a peculiar condition of the mind, disease, spectral illusion, &c;, and gave an instance from 'Brewster's Natural Magic,' in which a woman was constantly being visited by apparitions on which site was in the habit of experimenting, in order to prove their immaterial character. Ho next by means of the thaumatrope demonstrated how the image of an object was retained on the retina for an appreciable length of time ; and then by a series of interesting experiments showed what (ifranfrA rpanlfe rntili! hp nrmtnpnil frntn aimnla causes. A vote of thanks to the reverend gentle man was moved by Mr. J. Z. Sellar, seconded by Mr. J. Wells, and carried with acclamation, and the meeting broke up. Some few remained behind, however, to witness further feats exhibited in connection with natural magic. 