C|e émfxxt. SYDNEY, MONDAY, FEB. 8; 1864: WHAT would be the result of the rejection of the tariff by the Upper House is a subject which now offers itself prominently for consideration, and we are glad to see that the Ministry has already turned its attention to it. There ia no necessity to assure them that the danger which threatens them is an imminent one. Notwith- standing the anti-popular proclivities bf the Legislative Council, it is difficult to believe that the common sense of that body is af variance with the common sense of the country OD such a question as that'which now lies before them : and we have every right to assume that they will act honest! j on the present emergency, and consult, their judgment, rather than their prejudices. An assembly deliberating for the public weal wilt not lightly turn its back upon the almost unanimous protest of the public on any subject. And assuming, then, that the "Bill to cripple the Commerce of New S JU th Wales" will be kicked out of the Council on ita first appraranoe in the Chamber, the question arises, "What will the Ministry do?'; What the Ministry should do ts a muoh easter question to answe**. Cora itutional practice may not require an ¡DBtant resignation at their hands in such an event ; but men of honour do not al ways refer to precedents to guide them when their honor ¡a put in question. Tn view of the general disgust which their wretched financial policy has created against them, one might imagine that the Ministry would gladly avail themselves of tho opportunity to retire for awhile into private life. Their resignation would he hailed with clamorous shouts by the constituencies, and would confer an especial blessing upon the country ; yet a greater boon than their resigna- tion would be conferred upon the country by a dissolution of the Assembly. The great question of the present time is, the question of fioanc*, and finance must become the cruoial test of every aspirant to power until the ghost of protection has been laid tor ever. The consti- tuencies ought to be allowed to decide this ques- tion, and we can only hope that they will speedily have an opportunity of doing ao. Until that happens it matters little what bands hold the reina of Government. Mr. MARTIN'S speech ol Friday last has no doubt been read with a'great deal ot interest and a great deal- more of astonishment.- The tone which he adopted oh the: occasion was hardly that which wonld be expected from thé great constitutional lawyer of the country. There was very little dignity in fulminating a threat which no Ministry would dare to carry out; and there waB very little sense in indicating a course of action whioh no Ministry would be likely to adopt. If the present tarin" were to be rrjeoted by the Upper House, it wonld then become the constitutional duty of the Ministry to prepare a fresh one ; and if such a course would ba at all derogatory to their dignity, they should recollect I that, as Mr. DARV'AT.T. told thom, they are paid for eating dirt. But Mr. MARTIN aa-.s tnat he will not produoe another "tariff this session, and we can fully understand that the' task would be a hard one,, seeing that Mr. EAOAR'S inventive resources must be utterly exhausted. ' If the great protection card should fail, on what1 can they fall tack ? for a tariff based on ai vàlor'em duties will certainly not be submitted to by this colony, and we doubt whether any Treaiurer would have the hardi- hood to propose one, after the lesson which the people are now engaged in administering to their rulers.. There is no hope that., the present PREMIES will fo'low the memorable example of Sir ROBERT PEEL, and abandon ' his im- practicable protective fallacies in order to furthei the interests, of the country. ' All that he will consent to ido, if we are to believe what be says, will be to stop the public w orles! The idea is one which deserves but a momentary consideration in order to develop its absurdity. Neither Mr... MARTIN, nor any other man in the country, would dare to adopt such an expedient f jr getting out of a fiscal difficulty. Let us remember the feeling produced by the temporary stoppage of the works on certain lines of railway- let us remember the deputations from starving navvies whioh waited on the. MINISTER T JR WORKS -let us re- member the unmistakable fix in which such a crisis necessarily placed that important functionary-and then let us imagine, if we can, a Ministry deliberately stopping the whole of the public works of the colony ! They might as well talk of stopping the bakers' carts on their morning rounds. This, eertainly, is not the point at which retrenchment must begin. The rejection of the tariff would indeed be a blessing to the community, if it resulted in forcing the Ministry to retrench the. public expenditure. We have been > told that retrenchment has already been begun ; but we ask for proofs. In one or two miserable items, indeed, a few I hundreds a year have beon saved to the I exch qoer ; bnt we should like to know whether (his bounds the horizon of Ministerial ideas on the subjeot of retrenchment. During the angry' d*iBou93Íon which prevailed some months ago on the state of the finances, we repeatedly insisted on : the necessity for retrenchment as a great, if not the principal, means of restoring health to tho body pilitic, Any one who glances over the Estimates for publie ex- penditure of the last few years can see that our civil eervioe is carried on at a lavishly ex- travagantrate, and that in every branch of the public expenditure'there are ample opportuni- ties for the application of economical principles. We need nothing but the establishment t>f a standing army, and a navy, to set us up as rivals to the old governments of Europe in the art of frittering away the resonroes of tho people. And yet, when we find- that our dissolute habit of outrunning the constable lands us in a difficulty, no other, expedient presents itself to the narrow minds of our rulers than the intro duction of an odiously restrictive tariff. The Government is likes ship encrusted with barnacles. It is covered with an impenetrable cluster of use- less officials.of every grade, whom it cannot, and apparently dares not attempt to, get rid of. The man who keeps an idle flock of servants in his house for the purpose of ostentation and dis- play, will naturally find some difficulty in dis- posing of them. It wounds his pride to think of summarily dismissing them, and-so enabling .himself to live within his income. Ho strives to reason himself into the belief that their ser ? oes aie nectary to his comfort : he struggles to postpone the evil day on whian he must ad dress them in the words of BACON,*'Sit dowD; my masters ; your rise , bath ' been my fall." Much the same is if with Governments. We do not believe that the suggestions thrown out by Mr. PIDDINGTON on this subject are either advisable, or very prac- ticable. We need not resort just yet to such desperate remedies as that of cutting down the salary of bis Excellency the GOVERNOR, nor do wo want any cheese-paring economy to be applied to the salaries/of clerks. and minor officials. While monstrous establishments exist as ? that employed in obstructing the shipping which throngs: our " porf, wc' can afford to -keep our fingers off tbe public servants td whom the public'faith is in some measure pledged.' But a Ministry honestly bent on effecting retrenchment would Sad little difficulty in effecting it. The curse of the country is, that it cannot find a body of men with soffi lient firmness and regard for the public interest to devote their energies to so un- palatable a task. . ; Au N« the many rea:ons .which exist why the present AsBemblv should be dissolved without delay, stands prominently.the.growing system of absenteeism from Parliamentary duty by some of its members. During 'the present session of Parliament, the,practice has become very general for honor- able members to entirely absent themselves for weeks at a time. Such conduct we nave always considered highly reprehensible and subversive of the principles of good government. AB the representative of bis constituents particularly, and the country in genera', every member should be present at. every division of sufficient importance to affect the general welfare of the colony during a seesion. We do not by this mean that every honorable member is I bound in dutv to the constituency I I he represents, to sit and listen to the endless twaddle of all the windbags of the Assembly, wi>h their ridiculous theories Bud misquoted principles of political economy, or unseemly personalities; but'simply, that it is his. duty, so to make bis arrangements as to endeavour to be present' when any important measure affecting the welfare of the people generally is put to the question. As a representative of public opinion, his vote _ should be recorded, and if he cannot find time to give it, ho should resign his seat. Attention bas been particularly dirëotedof late to this question, in consequence of the very small assemblages of members in which the new scheme ot taxation has been assented to.. Nearly every item has been discussed, in a thin House, and carried by avery small ma- jority.: Those honorable members, whose absence .has enabled this injurious measure to pass, or by whose wilful connivan oe- it has been materially assisted, ought to be compelled to Weet their constituents, and give an account of the trust which they have so shamefully misused. 'The; concluding scene in the passage of the tariff through the Lower House, is, in itself, sufficiently illustrative* of the evil which we complain of. On the final reading of the?' Bill for Granting Duties and Customs," or) ns Mr. GARRETT wuld have aptly termed if, the " Bill fbr Destroying the Commerce of the, Country, arfd Transferring it to Victoria and Queensland/' out of a House of seventy-two members, only fifty-one were {.resent at the division ; showing that'on this important question, on the fate of whicn trie comaiBfulai - anti gonorál ' pros- perity of the whole colony depended, twenty of the representativeB'bf the people were absent from their posts (only one seat being viicant at the time):'S The number of absentees wa3 thus nearly equal to the whole strong minority, who did their duty to the country by voting against the third reading. . The members who were absent,^ or who did not choose to vote, may imagine that the fact of their having taken a neutral part in the discussion and passing of an Act so. full of importance, and of such vital interest to the country, may screen them from the just indignation of their constituents, and the Well-merited condemnation of the whole colony. They may imagine that, because their names do not appear with the ayes in the division list for the final reading of that monstrous abortion, their apathy will be allowed to pass unnoticed by their supporters. This flattering unction, though they may lay it to their souls, will not prove of lasting virtue in consoling them for any twinges of conscience they may feel. A general election must, sooner or later, take place, and in tbe unanimous expression of the whole country's opinion the real sentiments of the public willjbe manifested. Apart from the question of the mischievous character of the scheme, which has thus been countenanced and supported by such unqualified neglect, we assert, that with the knowledge of the immense sensation which the tariff created out of doors in the public mind, and the great importance which all classes attaohed to the question, to gether with the anxiety with which the result of the motion for the third reading was looked for, it was the duty of every member of the House to have been present, and to have re- corded his vote in accordance with the dictates of his conscience. It is a most scandalous fact in our hiBtory, that a fiscal scheme which has been universally condemned by the whole colony, from one end of it to another, should be 'oisted upon it, by a majority of three, during the absence of nearly one-thud of the members of the House, and that in a, representative body numbering seventy-two members. It may bo that Borne members who condemn the system which has reoeived the assent of the Assembly, abandoned their posts on the suppo- sition that, in the'Legislativo Counei', it would meet with a fate in accordance with its deserts, They were by no moans certain of this, though in tho tipper House we oin hardly expect to find a majority willing to allow such ; an nefarious Act aa this Customs' Bill to become law, Fast experience might have led themselves to believe that a not over scrupulous regard for the spirit of the constitu- tion would induce such action on the part of the Cabinet as would bring the Lords to their senses should they prove obstreperous, and make any sign indicating the possession of sufficient wisdom to see through the'fallacies whioh were not apparent to the majority in the Assembly. Among the members ot the Upper Chamber are to be found some whose experience will render palpably apparent the ruinous conaequonoeB of such an Act becoming law, and they will, in justice to themselves and tho country, do their duty and oppose it to the lest. But whispers, of a special inundation of that Chamber had beoome rife, and might have proved only too efficaoiouB in coercing others, whose ideas are . not very set- tled, or who have no idea at all. If thia danger should prove to have passed away, it wilt be in no degree owing to the wisdom or foresight of tbe absentee, members' of the Assembly, They left, the country to ¡ts fate, and made no .effort whatever to protect tho interests confided to their, core. \ To the Upper House, then, the tariff will be consigned, and ia the hands of that Ohambor we leave it, anxiously, with the! whole country, awaiting the result pf its .délibérations and divisions, Should it, in that House, meet tho fate which it deserves, and be ignominouBly' rejected, the ' Council will deserve the gratitude . of the1 country! an i its action in this ease may work wonders in ellinging opinions respecting its usefulness. But whatever the result of the decision of . that body may be, those members of the Assembly who have so shamefully absented themselves from their duty at such a time as the present,will surely meet at the hands of their constituent}, on the first opportunity, that oensure of their political orimes which they so .richly deserve; I and they have no such claims upon the country es to entitle them to further impunity. What with members who persist in voting contrary to the wish ea of their constituents, and members who are quite as persistent in never voting at all, Representative Government has become a mockery, and the power to re-create it ought at once to be restored to the people. 