GRAND BILLIARD MATCH. The appearance in this part of tho globe of Mr John Roberts, the champion billiaYd player of tho world, has caused qnito an excitement, not only amongst the knights of tho cue, but throughout the wholo male population, as tho famo of tho great man has long procoded him. Thoro sro doubtless many in this colony who remember Roberts, when ho was quite a lad; playing at Livorpool, as his skill at the game was suoh, even in those daye, as to ren der him a most dangerous opponent. Since that timo ho has gradually improved, and dur ing tho lost few years has held such a position that no othor player, he ho ever so good, has ventured to start on an equality with him. During tho period at whioh ho was tho proprietor of tho roams at Seville House, many vory interesting games wore playod, in whioh Roberts generally gavo his antagonists as many as 300, and sometimes <100 pointB, and afterwarda proved victorious. He has a aon who ia: following in his father's foot steps, and is considered ulmost as talented as his parent. Billiards havo now becomo so universal that the amusement is within tho roaoh.of evoryono ; but tho billiards whioh we havo been accustomod to witnoss, even by firit- rato players, is a vory different sort of game from that, played by Mr Roberts. Hero we havo tho truo soionoo improved to the highest pitob of .porfeotion by tho most constant praoiico. Mr Roberts lias arrived at auoh a Blago of excellence in evory point of the game as to havo an almost un limited eomniand'ovor tho balls, and to bo able to place them in nearly ovory position he ohoosos. Shortly after his arrival in tho colony ho entered into an arrangement with Mr'Olooland for the largo room at the Albion liotel, in whioh to play tho first match, and Mr John Lamb was secured as his first oppo nent. Thohnllwai fitted upoxpreBily for thoocca- sion with tiors of seata for tho spectators, and every arrangement wos made to secure tho comfort and convenionco of t'lo visitors. The table used for tho matoh was of colonial make, and it may, perhaps, he gratifying to tho manufaoturor, Mr Alcock, of Rusiell street, to know that Mr Roborts considers it ono of tho very beat ho has ever played upoD. Notwith standing that tho charge for admission was fixed at a rather high rate, Buoh was tho interest manifeBtod to witnoss a match between the champion of the world and tho champion of Australia that tho room was well filled. Lamb rceoived hie 350 points out of 1000 up, and the gamo was commenced by the Australian havinp tho break, and after a littlo coquetting on both sides to keep tho balls in baulk, Lamb broke theioo by cannoning off tho white, and then Roberts went in off tho white, cannonod, and ..put the red iu the top pocket, thereby shoring aovon. For aomo timo the game went on slowly, and very little more than oommon- plaoo play was exhibited. Roborts was evi dently fooling his way and watching tho play of his 'opponent, and at tho same timo getting at homo on the new table. He saon got hold of tho white ball and played with it for some time, continually putting himself in tbo centre and top pockets; but wherever he put the balls there wae olwaye something left for himself, hut very littlo for his an- tagouiet. Lamb is an excellent player, alow and careful, but ho wants the prooision and execution of Roberts. Ho playod vory well at the outBot of the game, making hazard after hazard off the red alternating with a neatly exeoutod cannon now and again. When Lamb's sooro stood at 383 Roborts had arrived at 57. The English olmmpion then tried aomo of his " oiroumbendibus" cannons off the cushions ;but tho most astonishing portion of his play ia the manner in which ho can run through tbo balls, and ourve them round, so ss always to bring thom into a oonvonient posi tion. For about two hours tho game went along slowly ; Roborts, making his twenty- fitro and thirty off a broak, gradually bogan to oreep up. When Lamb stood at 401, Roborts was only 62, but tho lnttor wai, however, warming to his work, and the halls began to fly about in all dirootions. Sometimes ho would got the threo nicely placed together in a cornor, and continue to score cannon after cannon, always contriving to get tho balls well into position. Lamb often found himielf loft without a ohanco of making anything off his break, as Roberts many times successfully brought off the doublo baulk, whan ho had got oil ho could himself. Lamb, however, played tbo good old game, Bborn of its scientific adornments, and went in for safety. When Limb's sooro Btood at 427 Roberts was 93 From this ho mado up by a series of losing liszirds played off tho white into tho centre pooket, and from tho red into tho top pooket. But hie cannon game was oertainly tho finest. He made Bomo of the most masterly strokes, frequently pocketing both balls after tho oannon. He bad scored 155 wlion Lamb was 452, and ho then com menced some of his angular cannons, and was most successful in bringing thom off Bavoral times in suoossBion. Some of his strokes were truly magnificent, and woro loudly ap plauded. Lamb, nothing daunted bv being matched ngainBt such a renowned player, vorkod away carefully, and gradually increased his score ; when 500 was put upon his ao count, Roberta had mado 272, Frequently Roberts porformed tho feat of pocketing tho whit', and bringing his own ball back from the centre of tho table to oannon with the red lying cloio under tbo oushion, almost in a straight lino : it is strokes such as theso whioh show tho power of play. Not until Roborts had brought his Bcaro up to 324 as against 534 did ho commence the spot game, which is oonsiderod his great forte. Twelve consecutive timo did lie pookot tho rod, always leaving his own ball in a good position, and ho afterwarda ropcatod this performance by putting in tbo red eightoon, twelvo, ton, and six times consecutively, wlion the scores stood as follow Robsrts, 509; Lamb, 575. An adjournment took place for a few minutes, and upon resuming Roborts went on. to play quickly — a sure sign that ho wee gaining a securer footing and groator con fidence. Lamb exorted his utmost, and playod oxeoodiogly well, making some really fine hazards, and Boveral neat, if not altogether brilliant cannons. Soon Roberts began to forge ahead, and the numbers got closor and closer — 678, Robsrts ; 091, Lamb. 704, RobortB ; and 691, Lamb. From this time the latter had net tho ghost of a ohanoe, oven if any suoh idea had existed previously. Roberts literally walked awav from his ODDOnent. and from fififi soorod 950, making 84 in a break. Ho .had frequently mado 30, 40, and once 65 from a breuk, but this was tho largest numbor. Lamb's score at this timo stood at 728, and this he only increased to 743, when Roborts had mado 1001 — thus winning by 258 points, or tnolad- ing the numbor given at the commencement, 008\. Roborts's play was magnificent through out, but. nothing extraordinarily brilliant was exhibited last night, although no very favour able opportunity occurred for the production of any great skill. This evening Roberts will aguin play Lamb, giving him 400 points, and the admission is tr be reduced to 10s. 