LOKD K,. Saturdayf1M»y 7,- If " coming etenU cast their sbadorra beÍPre. J.nomr" B8?«redly_ wc are not far from a tremendous political storm Since the advent of tho Crimean war tho publii mindai ther British metropolis has not been it euch an uneasy and agitated state as within thc last week. 'I he clubs, have been resorted to bj members in unusual numbers eager to read thc telegrams from the. continent the moment thej are transcribed, and to devour_ " the latest intel ligence" in the. successive, seditions of th< evening organ1 of the Government ; thc lobby of the House-of Commons has beet moreçrowiedjhan the House itself; and in tb< History of England, never has any man's hcaltt been watohed with greater; anxiety than Lore Palmerston is at the present moment. Notwith standing tba statements to the contrary in th« Ministerial journals, ^ventured to tell your read era lest week that the Conference would "go off.' The Timet and the Globe; within the last two oi three days, have announced (hat nothing is tc be expected from it. . Denmark , has refused tc accept an arurstice offered to her on the condi< tion that she Bhould suspend the blockade, enc thereby give up even the ghost of a chance o preserving what is " left her of a territory should Prussia and Austria persevere in theil incursions; an Austrian squadron has enteret the North Sea, "destination unknown," and ba been followed, by a British frigate " probably to : ascertain its proceedings,' as Lord Clarence. Paget tells us; and whili all this is going forward, Lord Palmefaton, ir hts eightieth ycart ià seriously ill,'and has to b« carried from his. bedroom to the apartment ic which he presides over those Cabinet Council! which the critical state of European affairs ren ders it necessary for him to assemble almos daily ! There is no denying it, the preven Ministry haze got ns into a nice mess on thii Danish question. The Premier personally it answerable for a good deal of it, though th " inoaseaot despatches" of the Foreign Secretar] are its more immediate cause. Tho Danes nov openly accuse us of having deceived them, ant of having thereby mainly contributed to theil misfortunes ;.and it. is impossible to sustain i plea of " not guilty" to the charge. When, attht o'.ose of last session, Lord Palmerston ieclnred in ono of the most vigorous speeches lie linc delivered for a long ti the, that should Den marl bo a'.tacked slip .Would not find herself alone every man who heard .bim, and every one whe read bia words, believed that in the event indi cited, England meant to take up arms for th« Danes. As. that was the ire pression in thu country, it was not unnatural that tho Danter. Government and-people-should arrive at Í similar conclusion*'-The threat in the speed: was followed- by Lord Eussell's thunder or paper. He was, as- usual, wonderfully tonsil tutional and oracular ; and as the mouthpiece o' the avenging British lion bellowed out awfu menaces to the eagles, single and, double, ol Austria .and Prussia. He was awfully great or tho Treaty of London, and terrifically prophetic on tho matter of " responsibility ;"? but bis lun combe imposed upon nobody, except the unfortu nate Danes. - Prince Gortschekoflf had brough I the noblo earl to book on the Polish question, and proved that when be tells a Power it must take " tbe responsibility," Ssa., he only menus that it must settle tho matter with its own conscience. He is a religious man, and goes to hear Dr. Cumming and Mr. Spurgeon occasion- ally ; and no doubt the, wars ho threatens arc those which aro to immediately precede the end of the world, and not anything that ho is to have a hand in. There is some comfort in thinking that if the Conference does fail-ns everyone now expects it v>iJ-its failure will have the grand effect: of depriving Lord Bussell of thc power of * again humiliating Eng- land, BS ho ? has' humiliated her in the Polish and Danish affairs. Tho rumours that havobecn afloat this week a9 to a chango o! Ministry, or a reconstruction of the Cabinet, are mere stock-jobbing canards ; but, not to speak of Lord Palmerston's health, thc position of the Government is very embarrassing. It is notorious taut the rojal family ia widely divided on the Danish question.- The Duke of Suxe-Coburg, oldest brotner of tho late Prince Consort, is at 'tho head of the German move- ment, and favours, the Dake, of Augustenburg ; which moans that he would destroy the integrity of thc kingdom of the Princess of Wales' father by depriving him. of Slesvig and Holstein. Tho Prince- of Prussia and Prince Louis of Hesse are in the same boat with the Duke of- Boxe Ooburg, for whom Ihe, Queen has a sisterly attachment, and who has adopted Prince Alfred a3 his heir.. From these facts it is not difficult to guess -the -party with which her Majesty sympathises; and from Prince Alfred selecting the present moment for a visit to the Court of Prussia, and- the King conferring on him what the leading journal desctibes as the " questionable" honour of the-Order of the Bl tel: Eagle, there is little doubt that his Royal Highness is on the same sido as his mother. Baron Beuat, tho plenipotentiary, of that myth, "the Diet,'' to tho Conference of ? London, bas this week been specially honoured by an invita* tion from her Majesty to visit her at Windsor Castle. On tho other hand, the Prince of Wales muksB no secro', of his being with the Danes; and as for tho Princess, Bhe is every-: thing that a spirited woman and a good daughter ought to bc. It must have been anything but pleasant to her on Tuesday last to receivo the representatives, of Austria and Prussia at tho Drawing room f but she went through the form with hoi accustomed grace. ; On her passage in a carriage and pair from Marlborough-houae to St. 'James's Palace, her Royal, Highness was j .warmly receivod-by. the crow*is who had assembled-to see her, and she looked remarkably well;1 It'is!said that she is again. ¡n an interesting situation1.' Madame Bachel, Khe, "enameler," must'be dping a thriving busi- ness, for many .of tho ladies of tho drawing room, even tho moro juvenile demoiselles, had evidently qalled in nrt tó add to charms of nature, and in some cases the colour had been laid on '» too thick;'* Even alabaster arms may bo too white. Tlio royol: footmen ¿(ill wear tho black velvetjookoy cips'whiclvlast yeur took the placo I of the ola" cocked lists, With tbs former they look less like tho Lord Mayor of London's flunk- ies than they used to do, and perhaps it was to effect this the ohango .was made; but Jcames, even in scarlet,- loses. dignity, by tho doscont from a hat to a cap.-> .»...« .' ... Lost night, at eleven o'clock, a very alarming rumour concerning .Lord. Palmerston's health was spread about: tbeHousoof Commons. It was said, oh authority, -that tho gout had got up to hts stomach, and tho symptoms were such that he.was .not expected^to live till morning. It" wjald noe be easy fto give you an idoa of tho consternation which this nows spread among all pnrttcs. The alarm pur tia'ly allayed when Mr. Brunt] ond Mr. Huges lo? statid io several pjeiapc«'.lb»»'"'era-was BO truth in tho rumour, and ¡íbat Mr.Ctrdwell had seen the noble viscount at eight o'clock, and found U\m in good spin's Ipnd improving, (t b»Sr however, been .thought, necessary îolniy rt a setni-oflicial*paragraph;in the lime? of to<dsy, stating that "Lord Palmerston'continues . to maka satisfactory progress-towards - convales- cence. On Wednesday, . and Thursday there whs sn on dit tb.it the Premier was rapidly sinking, and that his bead bad-become affected; I can assure yoii that, there was no foundation for tho lotter, report, for on Thursdáy Mr. Kincaid, the agent -over -bia lordship's Irish estates, transacted business with bim at Cambridge-house, and be was as c!ear in his intelleot as ever. - But he is very ill, and quite unable to move about bis house without assistance, not to speak, of his coming down to the House of Commons. ' You will have ob- served that Sir G. Grey, tba Home Secretary, leads tbe House in the absence of tbe First Lord of the Treasury. It is well known -that Lord Palmerston has tbe highest opinion of the right honorable baronet's discretion. Hence he bas deputed, him to anawer those delicate inquiries about the Conference, the Austrian squadron, and the movements of the Channel Fleet, The Chop.cel.lor pf. the. Exchequer ' cannot ' feel over pleased or complimented by. Ibis ; but it . ia no disparagement of the brilliant abilities, of the right honorable gentleman to say that'he bas neither the temper ' nór 'tho. tact. of Sir George Grey. Mr. Gladstone commands the admira- tion of the House of Commons, but not its love. There never was a minister of such eminent genius who bad a smeller, personal following. This will make it very, dilfisuit . for.him to at-ain that position, for - which his great mental find rhetorical power seems to have destined bim ; were be a" favourite ' in' tho House of Commons, nothing could keep, bim out of the Premiership on the death of Lord Palmerston. The opinion in political-circles is that tho Earl of Clarendon is the coming'man. This would give the Chancellor of tho Excbeqner the leader- ship in the .House of Commous. For some mouths previously to the time Lord Clarendon entered the Government es Chancellor of the Duchy, the ' Tories .were boasting that he was keeping aloof from-his own party in order, to join tbe cabinet of- tbe Conservative chief on o, change of ministry. t " There is no smoke with- out fire." In this case Cué. firo was on alliance of marriage between Lord Clarendon'* eldest daughter, and Lord'Dîrby'a second son. Whether this domestic union of tho families of Villiers and Stanley will lead to any political combination between the tu o noble houses ro- mains tobe seen. In the debates on tho Navy Estimates, thia week, Mr. Stansfèld'a successor in tho Admiralty m ado his first official appearance. Mr. Childers will, no doubt, make a very respectable junior lord, He isa young "man, only thirty- soven, and spent a good many years of his life in the colo- nies. He was a member'-of tho Government of Victoria from 1851 to 1857, BB Commissioner of Trade and Customs; and bo sat in tho first Legislative Assembly of Portland. In tho British House of Commons, be is member for Pontefract. He has some ability, and imagines tbat he possesses a great deal more. His oratory is not very effective, though be endeavours to make it BO by a sort of jerking movement of tho head, after the fashion of a plaster of Paris statuett of a Chinóse man- darin. Ho ought t o stop tb is, oven at tho risk of wearing ono of those stocks with which-we used to choke our soldiers, itt order to make thom look smart. Since in one of his speeches on tho French Treaty Mr. Gladstone exhibited a paper hat to the House, our Legislature has become much moro given to practical illustrt tion The Chancellor himself had samples of " Jogger}" and Dutch numbers" on tho tablo the other night ;. tbe ¿ Earl of Hardwicke pro- duced the fluke of nn nnchor.in the Lordä on a recent occasion; and yesterday Lord Stanley', and a railway commiUee over which ho is presiding, left the committee room for. a couple of hours, and made an excursion to Dnlwirb, to go over the route of a new Hue in that direction promoted by the 'London mid Brighton Company. This is au example. well worthy the consideration of comtpittees on railways and water works. The proceedings now going forward with reference to the various schemes for railways in Dublin, iff Td ample evidence of the ease with which a Parliamentary Committee .may be bewildered .by " maps, plaits, and sections." And talking of committees, if Parliament in the aggregate is not called upon to do much this session, tho work "upstairs', ia unusually severo. Yesterday, for instance, there were no less than thirty-eight committees of Commons; namely, twenty-two on matters immediately cpnneeted with the House, four on public questions, and twelve on railways. An endeavour has been made to induce the Chancellor oí the Exchequer to become one of tho staff of a daily journal-to ascend to tho templing and elevated position of lei\der:wntor for a. half.penny paper I The proprietor of a little fly-sheet, called a newspaper, published somewhere in London, had thc cool effrontery to enclose the right honorable gentleman a cheque for a hundred guineas, w'.th a letter stating that the service required for it was the production of a leading nrticlo for the columna of tho little rag ; and with a liberality which cannot be.too highly commended, he informed the.Chancellor that in accordance wi.h the cus- tom prevailing in bis editorial department, Mr. Gladstone, like the other contributors, should bo allowed considerable scope in' tho statement' oí his opinions. 3 ho Chancellor' wa3 to be at liberty,' also, lo devote the chsque to charity, should he BO think fit. Mr. Gladstone's secre- tory returned tho money in a noto, stating that while the right honorable geotleman appreci- ated tho object of the .proprietor, bis publjp duties' would ¿ot permit of kis'accorJtirig tho en- gagement.' Next day, minster capitals in the halfpenny Bheet announced an "important special correspondence between tho Right Honorable the Chancellor of the Exchequer and this journul.^. This was what the ' individual wanledl It was tbe trick of a small Barnum. , 