%\t êmfxxt. ~ I SYDNEY, SATURDAY, SEPT. 17, 1864. TBE newspapers by the last mail reveal some curious and interesting circumstances connected : with the attempted revival of that fine old English toryism which we had been in the habit of believing to be buried with our grandfathers. Whether it be because of the long exclusion of the professed conservatives from Ministerial office ; from expiring faith in the efficacy of " liberal-conservatism," or from real terror of the progress of thoroughly liberal viens in politics and complete freedom of conscience in religion, it is evident that recruit- ing parties are abroad, wearing the old true blue colours, and endeavouring to cement the ancient union of Church and Tory, for the purpose of resistance to a common danger. The time, indeed, is somewhat favourable for such an attempt. With all the experience of English- men, and with all their attachment to peaceful and industrial pursuits, their national spirit is strongly aroused bj any appeal from a weak power supposed to be oppressed by a stronger one. The Princess of WALES, moreover, is popu'ar ; and, under all the circumstances, it is likely that if the Government, sup- ported by Parliament, bad resolved upon send- ing a British tquadron to the Baltic and a military force to Copenhagen, the decision would have been received with a considerable amount of popular enthusiasm. Those wiser and more temperate men who counselled a contrary course, and were successful in doing so, may be secretly respected for their sagacity, but are not exactly the objects of public idolatry at the pre« sent moment ; and as many of them- the most power'ul of th rm-entertain liberal views in matters of religion, as well as in matters of politics, the time may appear opportune for making an assault upon them on both grounds. Most certainly the triumphs of the party to which they belong have not been small or infrequent lately. On the important questions of free trade or protection, intervention or non- intervention in foreign affairs, neutrality with regard to America or recognition of the South on these and other subjects of strong party con tention, the policy of the liberals has been vic torious. It can scarcely excite much surprise then, that a desperate attempt, however futile, 'should be made with the object of galvanising toryism into new life, and arraying it aide by side with its old ecclesiastical allies, to oppose the further progress of the conquering liberals. As toryism seeks the alliance of the Established Church of England and Ireland, it is necessary to give a religious distinctive name as well as a political one to the enemy, who are, therefore, described in general terms as. Dissent and De- mocracy." This is in plain and simple fact, the title of a book recently issued from the London and Dublin press. Its author has no desire to hide bia light under a bushel, but gives his name as RICHARD MASHKDER, B.A., Fellow of Magdalen College, Cambridge, and of the Inner Temple. The purport of the work is exactly auch aa we have indicated. Mr. MASHEDER urges that dissent means democracy ; that the political and religious object of one and the other are the same ; and he proceeds to express hts belief that these designs can only be defeated by a firm and thorough ecclesiastical and political union on the other side. We should hardly think it necessary to waste time or space upon the subject in this part of the world if ¡the ideas of Mr. MASHEDER were not, as appears from the notice before us, put forth with much plausibility and sagacity, and if they were not calculated to remind our readers of that "reaction" which local poli- ticians, who are also smarting under repeated and painful defeats, have so often unfoundedly announced and vainly sought to inaugurate. Our political and religious alarmist from Magda- len College and the Inner Temple, finds a kindly adi sympathising critic in the Saturday Review. According to that journal, dissent is really the same as democracy; and both are low-most decidedly low. The ghost of STURGE and the bodily presence of BRIGHT seem to haunt both author and critic ; yet the latter declines to adopt the proposed politico-clerical union on the other side, and prefers an independent attitude at present for " the Church," for reasons which will probably be sufficiently obvious. The supposed danger that has prompted Mr. MASHEDER to write his book, seems to have had a more bewildering -effect in other quarters. Not only do living and defunct patriots of the present generation create alarm, but the resusci- tation of grim old OLIVER CROMWELL appears to be dreaded, and England, its hierarchy especi- ally, is warned to be prepared for a formidable rebellion, similar to that of the seventeenth century, "which resulted in the King being eventually deposed, and murdered, and the tyrant CROMWELL being made Sovereign Protector, in place of his lawful successor." We must refer to our extracts in another part ot this issue, in order to convince the reader that we are not attempting an idle jest on a serious subject. The history of the rebellion appears to be this : In the parish of Staplehurst, in the county of Kent, the popula- tion is somewhat divided in opinion on the matter of Church Rates ; and the Rev. ELISHA BALLET, minister of an Independent or Con- gregational Church, being aware that a majority of the vestry were opposed to any attempt to collect those rates, and favourable to the volun- tary principle, resisted a demand made upon him for three chillings, and was accordingly summoned before the magistrates, who decided the case in bis favour. Hereupon Mr. HENRY HOARE, a magistrate, aoting in his capacity of one of the churchwardens of Staplehurst, made a formal "presentation" in writing to tbe Archdeacon of MAIDSTONE at his next visitation, informing that dignitary of the existence of an embryo rebel- lion, likely to lead to similar terrible results to those which led to the decapitation of CHARLES the First, and to the establishment of the famous Protectorate. Of course, " one ELISHA BALLEY" was represented as a prominent con- spirator in this affair, and of using his " conventicle, or meeting-house, called or known by the name of the Independent or Congregational Chapel," for the purpose of fomenting "the said rebellion.'* Absurd as all this may appear, it seems to have been very seriously entertained. Indeed the Mr. MASHEDER to whom we have before referred says much the same, for he asserts that the dissenters, or democrats, or rebels, have established Sunday schools for the purpose of indoctrinating the youthful mind ? with their own revolutionary ideas. The magistrates who decided in favour of Mr. BALLET are also included in tbe plot ; and finally Mr. HOARE, with certain other good men and true, prays the ecclesiastical authorities to interfere, and endeavour to procure a legislative enactment for the purpose of putting down " the said rebellion." As we prooeed farther, the matter becomes more serious still. The Archbishop of CANTERBURY, having been in- formed of this important revelation, and having been known to have publicly eulogised the zeal of Mr. HOARE, was addressed by a parishioner of Staplehurst, a Mr. WILLIAM JULL, in terms of firm but temperate remonstrance against the slanderous accusations of HOARE. Mr. JÜLLÍS a member of Mr. BALLE y's congregation, and expresses the highest esteem for him ; and ho declares that, although himself oppose! to Ohuroh rates, he bad never resisted their collec- tion when legally made. In reply, the Arch- bishop of CANTERBURY merely says that if Mr. HOARE bas broken any law be can be made 1 answerable ; but, he adds, " he is not answer- able to me." And so the correspondence closes, and is given to the public. The rebellion hinted at in London and Dublin is thus left to ripen at Staplehurst, ready for the advent of the fu'.ure CROMWELL. There is more in all this than the merely ludicrous aspect of the case would seem to imply. Mr. GLADSTONE'S speech has made some ancient dreamers open their eves to. the 'progress of the times, and the unwonted light COD jures up imaginary hobgoblins, with which they seek to startle others. Bat our present desire is to show, by an application of these incidents to tbe affairs of this colony, how cos mopolitan and invariable the rule is 'that despotism in politics or intolerance in religion begete accusations bf conspiracy and rebellion. We beard some time ago, of a rebellion in New South Wales, either actually in existence or about to arrive. Whether any . particular seot of religionists, raised the alarm we know not; but OLIVER CROMWELL v.aa not the anticipated leader-it was JACK CADE. The fact is that rebellion is one of the most mis- used words in the English vocabulary. We I have no doubt, for instance, that the present *> iniBterial advisers of his Excellency the Governor have long regarded us as engaged in a rebellion of most formidable and dangerous character; bu', we forgive them for that, and are contented to bear the reproach. Every sturdy opponent who cannot be argued or cajoled out of bis honest convictions must make up his I mind to be regarded as in a state of rebellion by those whom be opposes; and Mr, BOATIK'B slanderous misrepresentations of (be Congrega- tionalists and other voluntaries of BUplebursf,. and Mr, MAfHEPBB'sdenunclation of dissenter., demócrata and their designa, are pot greater outrages upon veracity, and . decency, than »re constantly to be found in the representation* of a. portion of the daily Press ol this city. T HE extension of the Sydney Infirmary, called' forth by a desire to make that institution more adequate to the requirements of those whose afflictions bring them there, affords ground for solid satisfaction. There is no public expendí ture which can be regarded with more unquali- fied approval than snob as ia devoted to th» purposes of the Infirmary. The fact that an enlargement, mnch required for some time psst, is now in actual progress, gives occasion for various suggestions as to the fnture development of the means of restoring health. With ample spice, and free acope for class- ification, those whose profesiianal skill and scientific attainments are directed tor the beneficent purposes of the Infirmary might render it far more effectual than even at present. The power of an hospital for good depends very much on the facilities provided for classification. It is absolutely necessary thai for some diseases separate-wings Bhould bs erected ; and space for convalescents, where they may be out of the danger of new contagión, is an essential adjunct to such an institution. There is some ground for the opinion that when the community is prepared to make more adequate provision for thé-exercise of all that science and humanity can effect in alleviating suffering and restoring: the afflicted to health, another site should be chosen for the Infirmary at a little distance from the town. A spot equally pleasant for the inmates, open to the sea breeze, and commanding a cheerful view of the harbour, might be secured, where the twofold object of keening dangerous cases of disease away from the crowded city, and of affording more com- plete quietude to patients to whose reoovery quiet ia necessary, might be at once attained» But whatever grand improvements may be made hereafter, there is one change which might be made, and ought to be made, without delay, and that is the adoption of some means for' receiving children of tender yeare into the Infirmary. At present the rules of the institution prevent the reception of any children under ten years of age. The limited nature of the accom- modation renders thia restriction necessary, both for the children themselves and for the other patients. But when it is remembered that the children of the poor in this city are often brought up in dwellings where it ia impossible to combine for them ventilation, warmth, and cleanliness, which are essential to their reoovery, and that in the case of children, especially, constant and experienced nursing is as indispen- sable as medical knowledge and appliances, it must be admitted that the exclusion of young children from the Infirmary is, in many in- stances, their death warrant. Sometimes,' ignorance and stolid incapacity to understand the necessity for attending to prudential directions render the parents incompetent to the taek of nursing their children through dangerous diseases. Sometimes, when the intelligence and earnestness necessary for the task are not wanting, the outward circumstances of the parents disable them from rendering or pro- curing either the requisite personal attention or proper diet for their children. If we bad a wing of the Infirmary devoted to the o are of sick, children, and experienced nurses carrying out the directions of the eminent medical skill available for the prosecution of Ibis beneficent work, many of the ytuthfut lives which now fall a sacrifice to the influence of impure air, or went of domestic comforts, would be preserved. The' public of Sydney, and the authorities, civic and genera], are, we trust, more alive than ever to the urgent duty of abating the causes of disease by making better arrangements for the sewerage and cleansing of the city. While every impulse given to the movement for the speedy completion of a system of drainage ÍB a service of inestimable value totheState, as tending to promote the preservationof the health and life of children unnumbered, consistency requires that no less zeal should be exerted in making suitable provision for those little one3 who are already reduced to a condition ot suffering and danger by the absence of snob, sanitary measures ss aro now begun. We find it is the opinion of medical men that many children who receive mediaal attendance are loBt for want of proper nursing, air, and diet. It is evident, therefore, that no house visitation by medical meo, no advice and medicines however exoellent in themselves, can compensate for the want of that constant attention to comfort and diet, wh:ch a tem porary home in the Infirmary, and the personal care of experienced nurses alone carr' secure. The large proportion whioh the IOBS of children in tenders years bears to the general statistics of population in Sydney is disgraceful to the city. And as one means of redeeming Sydney from this reproach, we trust the managers of the Infirmary will take into consideration the facts which have suggested these remarks. ST. MABV'S OBORÁT, Booran.-OCHKLHIEUTABY COM OEBT TO MB. W. I, OODBNER.-For Bama time past Mr.. Gardner bas been strenuously end also gratuitously en. gaged lor nearly two years in endeavouring to improve tbe obotal erntete at St. Mari's Cathedral. For tbia> purpose tbe above eooiety'was formed, and tbaoke to Mr.. Cordnei'e skill and attention to it, ? great deal has been done towards tbe realisation of thal oajeet. Ai a token of appreolation ot there exertions on the patt of Mr» Gordner, end combining tbe desire, also to repay bim la a more substantial manner, tbe mem eera of tbe society have determined to give bim the benefit of a compli- mentary eoiioert, wbioh ie onnouaeed to take plaoeon Taeiday evening next. The eoneert will be under tba condaotombip of Mr. Cordoer, end it will be little lesa tban tbe daly of all good Catholic! to afford their patron- age towards the attainment of an objeot so dralreable aav the improvement (already largely perceptible) of Ibote noble aerviosB in whloh they take BO moon delight. Ia the compositions for Gatbolle setvieea tbe genius of tba greatest moaiolana has boen invoked, and in the beautiful - harmonies with wbioh they abound feelings of tba most devotional nature «re aroused,. Thia, however, depends greatly ti pon lb« exeoution of theta works ; and, therefore, it is that Mr. Oordner instituted ibis eooiety tbat ttaoy may be mora peileotly icnderod and better understood. The able manner in wbioh as organiat of the oatbedrsl and ooo. dustor of the Booiely, be hes hithotto conduoted the ser» vices and superintended their prsotloe, oonatltate a large? olaim for CatBolio support, i no programm -, whloh le to- be found in our advertising columna, is an exoellent teleetioo of both sacred and secular muelo, wbioh will,, doubtless, be found to afford tho bigboBt aati faction to that large audience wbioh will Barely evtend on the cooa ejot>. Among the obiof attraction!) may be mentioned Haydn's symphony In B flat-tho ' Kjr!o oed Gloria * from tbe esme compone?» Imperial Mesa; tbe "Credo ia Denn D;um," by MeiOBdentc, to ba sung by Mrs.Cordoer in tbe first por' ; a grand selection of Irish alts expxeialy arranged for thia oooasion by Mr, Cordner-Lavei'a BODg, Ibo "Four £oavM èhamrock," b; Mr«. Goidner; a al leoiioo from'! Norms," to ha exeoatsd on tbo melodía by the élever amateur Mr, Youoger. and tba do»t *' Leva and. War," ia tbe eeoind patt. The band will « motila neatly all tba available amatear aselstaoee in Bydnay, and wilt tboe make the consett ae aalisfaotofl aa» : ! agreeable, 