REAL PROPERTY ACT. Some time ago we reprinted an article from the Sydney Empire, in which a severe though well-deserved castigation was administered to a young member of Parliament, a Mr. Henry Milford, a gentleman belonging to the legal profession. This young member determined to signalize his entrance upon political life by a bold stroke. With an ambition greater than his discretion, and with a confidence in his own powers which we should think was shared by but few of his contemporaries, he boldly attacked the Real Property Act in language which, coming from so young a man, showed more presumption than good sense. We spoke of Mr. Milford's speech at the time in terms which we believed it deserved. We observe in the Empire of May 14 a letter addressed to this gentleman from Mr. Charles Fenn, which we publish in another column. We know that Mr. Fenn has been one of the most bitter op- ponents of the Real Property Act, and that he has sought and made opportunities for attacking it on every possible occasion; but we frankly confess that we did not think that even Mr. Fenn could have written such a letter as that which his young friend has published. Throughout the whole of his letter the animus is so apparent, and the hatred to the Act so deadly, as to show that Mr. Fenn has forgotten the courtesy which belongs to a gentleman, and the sobriety which ought to characterize a reasoner. In his very first para- graph he speaks of the Real Property Act as having been "introduced into this colony by a Mr. Torrens." The covert sneer lurking in this mode of speaking of a man who, whatever Mr. Fenn may think of his merits or demerits, has at least obtained for himself a reputation in these colonies which no other man has obtained, is very pitiable, and is more like the petty spitefulness of an angry woman than anything else we can name. Eqaally little and offensive is the reference which is made to the Editor of this paper, who is said to be "loud in his praise of the Act, on account of the large amount of profit which his publication derives from the Real Property Act advertisements." We daresay Mr. Fenn can conceive of no higher motive influencing a man's public conduct than gross selfishness. He coarsely charges us with advocating a measure in which we do not believe for the sake of personal profit ; for if this is not what he means there is no force in his statement. To a man who writes thus, we presume it will hardly avail us to say that our adhesion and support were given to the measure long before it was known that the advertisement of its transactions would be amongst its details. We advocated it on its merits without reference to the low motives which Mr. Fenn has imputed to us. But it is a dangerous thing for a person like Mr. Fenn to insinuate motives of this kind. It gives us the right of retorting on him his own gross charge. We have better grounds for charging him with opposing the Real Property Act for purely selfish reasons than he has for imputing such motives to us. In the very letter in which this charge is made Mr. Fenn says to his young friend, " I venture to address you on this subject, as it materially affects the interests of our profession ;" and in another place he speaks of the quackery of Mr. Torrens injuring "our profession." That, therefore, is his reason for writing the letter. The interests of the profession have suffered by the adoption of the Act, and therefore Mr. Fenn is constrained to open a correspondence with Mr. Milford on the subject. Does the admission thus incautiously made give us the key to the whole of Mr. Fenn's fierce and untiring hostility to the Act ? If so, we ask what right has such a man to ascribe any one's advocacy of the Act to interested motives ? Mr. Fenn makes another sweeping charge against the Press of the colony, which is equally unfounded. He says that it is impossible to obtain from the newspapers an unbiassed account of either what takes place in the Courts in reference to the Act, or of the general feeling and opinion of the public respecting it, and that " circumstances and occurrences which are constantly taking place, involving loss of pro- perty by the loose manner in which certificates of title are granted," are not brought to the light unless they happen to come before the Law Courts. Now if this means anything it means that our legal reports are falsified and that our columns are closed against those who wish to place before the public their honest views in opposition to the advocates of the Real Pro- perty Act. We have simply to say that this is untrue. We have every reason to believe that our reports of cases which come before the Supreme Court are strictly veracious and thoroughly impartial. At any rate, to give such reports has been our constant aim and study. Our columns, too, have always been open to any person who would discuss the Act in a fair spirit, and without indulging in personal re- flections. It is therefore a mistake to say that it is impossible to obtain from the newspapers what the general feeling and opinion of the public are respecting the Act. Mr. Fenn quotes the case of Auld v. Murray as showing " the fallacy of the pretended inde- feasibility of title." We have recently dealt with this case, and shown that the point in question was one of the exceptions expressly provided for in the Act itself, and that the de- cision of the Court does not destroy the indefea- sibility of title in the sense in which that is understood in the Act. We deny, therefore, the conclusion of Mr. Fenn that this decision "should be sufficient to convince any unpre- judiced mind that the pretended indefeasibility of title is a myth." After some undignified abuse of Mr. Tor- rens, who is charged, with "quackery," and who is said to lead the Government as well as the unthinking part of the community by the nose, and of whom it is said the Government are afraid, and dare not deny him anything he asks for, and who is charged with sending information from England which is not reliable, and with " having a propensity to exaggerate— to use a mild -term." Mr. Fenn then proceeds to endorse Mr. Milford's ob- jections to the Act. He asserts that it is "useless," conveyancers having recently ma- terially reduced the terms of conveyancing ; and it is " unconstitutional," according to the dictum of the Bench here, who, however, still continue to administer it. But the most extraordinary assertion of all is that it is " expensive." Think of a lawyer bringing forward this as an objection to the Act, when one of its leading objects was to lessen the enormous cost of transferring property. To show its expensiveness to the indi- vidual, Mr. Fenn says:— "In a case in which I am concerned the cost of such a conveyance was about £12, the value of the land being about £60. The cost of a conveyance under the old system, including registration, would not have exceeded £5 5s." Now, we can readily believe that a case in which Mr, Fenn was engaged might be an expensive one. But the question occurs, were Mr. Fenn's services absolutely necessary ? We should like to know how it came to pass that the transfer of a property worth only £60 should under Torrens's Act cost £12. Had the transaction taken place without the inter- vention of Mr. Fenn, the cost would probably not have been more than a few shillings. And it is rather too bad to bring as an objection against the Act what ought rather to have been attributed to— "not to put too fine a point on it"— the absurd charges of an attorney. We are sorry on Mr. Fenn's account that he should have written such a letter as that on which we have felt it our duty to offer these strictures. He has been engaged in a hopeless work, and he has done it foolishly and male- volently. He cannot rob Mr. Torrens of the credit of having invented a system of dealing with real estate which is one of the greatest legal reforms of the present age, and the unseemly language which he employs in his letter will weaken rather than strengthen his cause. " A late South Australian" has replied to Mr. Fenn's letter in the Empire in terms which we should feel sorry to quote or to imitate ; but we would remind him that a person who im- putes unworthy motives and uses abusive language as he has done lays himself open to rebuke in terms which may be more vigorous than courteous. "People who live in glass houses should not throw stones." The Miners' Strike. — Some vague appre- hension of an outbreak of the miners at Moonta was excited on Saturday by the telegrams, and a number of the mounted police were ordered to hold themselves in readiness to proceed, if required, to the Peninsula. By a telegram received at this office on Sunday evening it will be seen that "Messrs. Gill and Kitto resigned, and the Com- mittee was broken up, in consequence of the men becoming unmanageable. Violence of some kind is generally anticipated." North Adelaide Congregational Church.— The reopening services of this Church were con- tinued on Sunday, May 29, when three sermons were preached. The Rev. J. Gardner officiated in the morning, and chose for his text Acts, chap, ix., 31st verse— "Then had the Churches rest throughout all Judaea and Galilee and Samaria, and were edified; and walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied." During his discourse he took occasion to congratu- late the members of the Church on the completion, so far as the interior was concerned, of their beautiful sanctuary, and to express the hope that the mere external glory of the building would not be their only aim ; but that by holy zeal, by earnest prayer, and by diligent work they would seek the edification of many souls, and the multiplication of churches around them. In the afternoon the Rev. J. Cope ministered, and preached from the words con- tained in Romans, chap. i., 16th verse— "For I am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ; for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that be- lieveth." The pastor of the Church conducted the devotional portion of the service. In the evening the spacious edifice was crowded to over- flowing, and many left without gaining accommo- dation. The Rev. J. Jefferis, the pastor, preached from Luke, chap. i., 4th verse —"That thou mightest know the certainty of those things wherein thou hast been instructed." He divided his discourse into two parts— First, the basis of Christian truths; and second, the demands of the age on Christian teachers— which demands, he said, were a stern repression of subordinate truths, an intelligent exposition of the highest truths, and a calm and living defence of assailed truths. Collections were made during the day, when £172 was subscribed— that in the evening alone amount- ing to £137 10s. This, added to the collection on Friday, makes a grand total of £207 10s. A sale of goods will take place in the schoolroom this afternoon. Wirrawilka Mining and Smelting Company, Limited.— A general meeting of shareholders, pur- suant to the deed of settlement and supplementary deed, and being the third annual general meeting of the Company, was held at the Norfolk Arms, Rundle-street, on Saturday, May 28, at 2 p.m. Present—Messrs. Hodgkiss, Walpole, Lloyd, Baker, Haussen, Sawtell, Dr. Forwood, Acres, and other gentlemen, constituting a quorum representing 1,000 shares and upwards, and Mr. Wicksteed, Secretary. Mr. Lloyd, of Norwood, the Acting Chairman, presided, and read the advertisement calling the meeting and specifying the object of the same, namely, for the purpose of receiving the Directors' report, the balance-sheet, and Auditors' report, also for voting remuneration to the Directors and Auditors, and for electing three Directors (in place of two retiring and one resigned) and two Auditors. The Secretary read the third annual report of the Directors, which, after quoting certain clauses in the deed of settlement and supplementary deed, described the proceedings initiated in accordance therewith, and proceeded to state that Messrs. Hamilton, Reed, and Forwood, being the only shareholders who had qualified by signifying their willingness to act if elected as provided by the 21st clause of the deed of settlement, were necessarily re-elected. The works at the mine having been suspended pending negotiations in England for disposal of the pro- perty, the Directors had only met twice since the last meeting of shareholders, namely, once to elect a Director in place of Mr. Davis, leaving for England, and once to prepare the report and examine the balance-sheet submitted. Out of 16,643 shares originally taken, 3,737 shares had been forfeited, leaving 12,900 with all calls paid up. The property had been offered, through Captain Morrison, to an English Company already engaged in mining operations in this colony, and the result was patiently awaited. In the balance-sheet, duly signed by the Chairman and Secretary, and certi- fied by the Auditors, there appeared an unex- pended balance of £84 1s. 8d. The statement of liabilities and assets specified £540 18s. 8d. assets, against £70 liabilities. The report, balance- sheet and statement last mentioned were severally received and adopted. The sum of £5 5s. was voted as remuneration to the Auditors, Messrs. Poole and Clark, who were re-elected; and the former remu- neration of 50s. each meeting to the Directors was confirmed. A vote of thanks to the chair closed the proceedings. Supreme Court.— This being the First Day of Term the Supreme Court will sit to hear such cases as may be brought before the Bench. Attempted Suicide.— A man named Edward Frampton is in custody, charged with attempting self -destruction. Adelaide Police Court.— Two defendants were mulcted rather heavily on Saturday, their neglect to attend on summons having necessitated ulterior proceedings, cost of conveyance, &c.; ; so that one had to pay £1 5s., and the other £2 3s. Victoria Theatre.— There was a good house on Saturday evening to witness the performances of "Victorine" and the "Irish Tutor." In the first piece Miss Gougenheim played with great force and naturalness, and was well supported by Miss Wiseman, and Messrs. Shute, Greville, Chapman, and Morrison. These performers were well up to their work, and one or two of them were un- usually good. To-night "The Willow Copse" will be produced. The Pantechnatheca.— The grand panorama of European and American Scenery is to be opened, we understand, at White's Rooms immediately after the arrival of the next steamer from Mel- bourne. Wellington.— A public meeting has been called for Tuesday, June 7, at 6 o'clock p.m., to consider the advisability of petitioning Parliament with respect to the present state of the Wellington Ferry-road, The Late Mr. Daniel Ferguson.— The mortal remains of the late Mr. Daniel Ferguson, who expired at his residence, near Glen Osmond, May 28, at the age of 68 years, were on Saturday last consigned to the grave at the West-terrace Ceme- tery. The funeral cortege consisted of the hearse and about 30 carriages. Amongst those who testified their respect for the departed were the Commissioner of Public Works, several members and officers of the Central Road Board, and a great many who had been the personal friends of the deceased. The Rev. J. Gardner officiated at the grave. He addressed the bystanders on the univer- sality of death as the wages of sin, the assurance that life and immortality had been brought to light by the Gospel, and the necessity of timely preparation for a future state of existence. The rev. gentleman then engaged in prayer, and con- cluded with the apostolic benediction. Pontoon Bridge for Wellington.— That this subject discussed at the last meeting of the Central Board of Main Roads may be better understood, we now publish the report, supplied to the Board by Mr. B. Boothby, jun., when Superintending Surveyor of the South-Eastern District in 1860:— "To the Commissioners of the Central Board of Main Roads. "Gentlemen— I have, in accordance with your instructions, to report as to the adaptability of a pontoon bridge for crossing the River Murray at Wellington. The bridge at Echuca- some parti- culars of which you have supplied me with— appears to be constructed in as light and econo- mical a manner as is consistent with efficiency. "The pontoons are made, of 1/16 inch plate iron. The bridges are 33 feet 6 inches long, the roadway is 9 feet 8 inches wide in the clear. There are 12 pontoons, 10 bridges, and two gang- ways from the banks very like the bridges. The length of the bridge over all appears to be 398 feet. The cost is stated to have been £2,500. "At Wellington Ferry the river is 777 feet wide, therefore a bridge would be required nearly twice as long as that at Echuca, and if con- structed in the same manner may be expected to cost about £5,000, less the cost of the inland carriage of materials to Echuca, which must have been a considerable item in the cost of that bridge. 'The current at Echuca is stated to be much stronger than at Wellington, so that perhaps lighter cables might be used; but a comparatively much greater length would be required, the depth being 42 feet in the middle of the river at Wel- lington. " Should the existing ferry prove unequal to the demands of an increasing traffic, a pontoon bridge would be well adapted for the purpose. "I am, &c.;, "B. BOOTHBY, " Superintending Surveyor S. E. District "April 16, 1860." Permanent Land and Building Association. —The sixteenth half-yearly meeting of the Per- manent Land and Building Association will be held on Wednesday evening, June 1, at the offices King William-street. Philomathic Society.— Mr. Tomkinson will lecture before the Philomathic Society at the Institute on Tuesday evening, May 31. Subject— "The British Parliament." Port Adelaide Bonds.— An advertisement appears in this day's paper, inviting tenders for £100 bonds, secured on the Port Adelaide Muni- cipal rates, bearing 6 per cent. interest per annum, and redeemable at 10, 20, 30, 40, and 50 years respectively. Reform in the Legislative Assembly.— The Argus of May 20 says:— "Another anomaly in connection with the proceedings of the Legislative Assembly was exhibited yesterday. The usual practice in opening a sitting is for Sir Francis Murphy to enter the House at the lower end, pre- ceded by the Serjeant-at-Arms, who announces in impressive tones the approach of the Speaker. Yesterday, the Speaker came into the House alone —apparently in haste—and it was not until the hon. gentleman had walked up the chamber and taken his seat that the Serjeant-at-Arms made his appearance by a door under the reporters' gallery, and carried the mace to the table. There was a great deal of speculation among the "strangers" as to the why and wherefore of the proceeding, but the general conclusion was that Sir Francis Murphy had thought it well to make some change in the formalities." An Australian Manuscript Newspaper.— "Among the waifs brought down the Darling by the late floods," says the Riverine Herald, "one has reached us in the shape of a manuscript news- paper, called the Tandower Times, published about 150 miles from the junction. The editor, who excuses his inability to give very copious items of intelligence, from the fact of his being imprisoned on the top of a high sandhill, surrounded for miles by water, has managed, nevertheless, to fill up his sheet, in a very small hand, with scraps of con- siderable interest, no doubt, to himself, and to those who occupy with him the desert island from which he has cast his production on the waters. Among other things, he has on article on wife- beating, which he winds up by entreating married men not to indulge in the practice— an admonition very necessary, no doubt, on 'the island.' The builders of the bridge over the Tandower Creek are highly eulogized, on account of the strength and beauty of their structure; and a strong opinion is expressed that if the creek had remained dry the bridge would have stood for many years. Unfor- tunately, however, it has been completely swept away. We hope the publication of the Times will be continued; though, if the waters keep rising, there is no small chance of pens, ink, paper, editor, and all following the bridge." Overland Passage to the Northern Terri- tory.— The following paragraph from a Melbourne paper will show the wisdom of the "Northern Australian Company" in resolving to apply to the Queensland Government for permission to send stock through their territory to the north coast before dispatching any sheep or cattle to the new country:— "Some eight or nine months ago an expedition was sent out from the neighbourhood of Daylesford to cross overland to the Northern Territory. Mr. Donald Campbell, of Glengower, was the originator, and the affair was charac- terized by the prudence, forethought, and deter- mination for which that gentleman is celebrated. Some 8,000 sheep, accompanied by some hardy ' Heilanmen,' started with a train of several bul- lock wagons conveying stores of every description sufficient to last two years. News has just arrived that a most unexpected and most provoking im- pediment has arisen, by the fact that the Queens- land Government absolutely refuse all right of passage through their territory to any cattle or sheep from other colonies, the reason assigned being their desire to keep their district 'clean.' Mr. Campbell's party have, therefore, had to re- trace their steps, and to look out for some country in New South Wales. This is a very sad disap- pointment, as great hopes were entertained, of the success of this spirited enterprise." Annexation Accomplished.— The Pastoral Times of May 14 says :— "The River Murray in its tortuous windings is instrumental in forming a number of islands, which form very valuable sources for feeding sheep and cattle when the summer heat has parched up the plains contiguous to or on the runs adjoining the river. Near to Swan Hill are several of these islands, and the Victorian Government has been for years appro- priating them to the use of its colonists, and re- ceiving rents for some of them. One of these islands, near to Swan Hill, is of very large extent, being for six months capable of carrying 13,000 sheep. For the rent of this spot the tenant has been paying annually into the Victorian Treasury £300; and Mr. Commissioner Lockhart is visiting the spot with the view of settling the matter satis- factorily to New South Wales, which claims the whole of the river named. These islands are beau- tifully fertile, as they are chiefly covered with debris, washed down by the river, and the decom- posed vegetable matter deposited by thousands of trees continually decaying on the banks. New South Wales, then, is not very likely to relinquish spots so valuable for pastoral and agricultural pur- poses. Hemmed in as is the sister colony of Vic- toria, she cannot honestly and permanently retain these islands; and we would advise the Sydney Executive to sell them, so that they may be made use of for those legitimate purposes evidently ordained by nature:" Promotions in New Zealand. —The Melbourne Herald, on the authority of a private letter, says: —"By a private letter received from New Zealand we learn that the following promotions have been or will be made in the army for the action at Rangiriri:— Major-General Cameron has already received his well- earned honour of K.C.B.; and Lieutenant-Colonel Gamble, D.Q.M.G., his C.B. Lieutenant-Colonel Carey, D.A.G., is to be pro- moted to a full Colonelcy. Captain Gresson, of the 65th, to be Major. Captains Rutherford and Greaves, 70th, and Captain Triman, 18th, to be Majors. Major McNeill, A.D.C., Lieutenant- Colonel." Cricket Match.— A match between the Alberton and Young Australian Cricket Clubs took place at Alberton on Tuesday, May 24. The Alberton Eleven first took the wickets, making a score of 25 runs, and the Young Australians fol- lowed with a score of 54, 29 of which were made by J. Gooden. The Albertonians in their second innings scored 51 runs, and the Young Austra- lians, with the loss of three wickets, made 31, thus winning by 9 runs and 7 wickets to go down. Mr. H. Roberts acted as umpire for the Alberton Club, and Mr. G. Gooden for the Young Australians. Subjoined is the score :— Alberton Club. First Innings. Second Innings. S. Putney, b. Gooden ... 4 c. Cole ? ... 3 L. Maley, b. Pinkstone .. 2 c. Pinkstone ... 14 T. Barrett, st. Cole .. 0 c. Pinkstone ... 1 H. Fisher, not out .. 9 c. Dew... ... ... 0 D. Onnis, run out .. 1 not out l B. Rix, b. Gooden .. 2 runout ... ... 8 T. Williams, b. Gooden 0 c. Dew... 0 Walkley, b. Pinkstone ... 3 c. Mossop ... ... 9 J. Williams, b. Pinkstone 0 b. Dew ... ... 9 G. Harris, hit wicket ... 3 c. Roscorla ... 0 Hopkins, b. Cole ... 0 not out... ... 1 Byes ... 1 Byes ... ... 5 Total ... 25 Total ... 51 Young Australians. First Innings. Second Innings. J. Mossop, c. Williams... 4 b.Maley ... ... 8 J. Dew, b. Barrett ... 0 not out ... ... 8 E. Pinkstone, c. Putney ... 6 T. Cole, b. Putney ... 2 J. Gooden. b. Walkley ... 29 run out ... .. 10 S. Butler, b. Putney ... 3 not out ... 1 C. Roscorla, b. Hopkins... 1 H. Tidswell b Putney ... 1 W. Butler, b. Hopkins ... 5 W. Allen, run out ... 0 b. Maley ... 0 W. Fisk. not out ...0 Byes ... 3 Byes ... 4 Total ... 54 Total ... 31 