THE REPORTED ITALIAN PLOT. Tai. Dalli/ Nea» of January 36th, B»TB : Exoept in oalumos Inspired by. the Fronób po'ijo it 1B universally admitted that-the story"ol tbe Italian plot bas proved a complete fallare. This is not to be imputed as a fault to its authors. These, things haye their fashions.and tbeir obunoes. Borrie.'quite unexpectedly (abe tba pabilo by storm,' and others, of perhaps greater mèttt, fall to the ground, neglected.. Just now France, or that portion of it wbioh it was hoped to touch by tbe story of the Italian : conspiracy, is In a very proBaio, matter of faot mood. .Iostoai of. being astounded at tba plot, and excited to delirious protestations of devotion sud anger, it 'put on an : incredulous mood, I and began . to SBk ' inconvenient questions. Under more favoarab'e olrourostmoee tbe discovery of the conspiracy might have proved a sucoes?." There were tbe three men,GreobV, Trabnooo, and Imperator), aetaally ia bold and capable af being produced ; and there were tbe scrap? of lettsis ram maged ant of tbeir pookets-materials . quite sufBoient in better days to convince every Frenchmen not milled by ".the genius of evil," Bat ia the present temper- of the French, nobody believes that any one would risk bis lifo to kill (be Emperor, and nobody wants to heir any- thing about tbe business. The, in te teat wb'ch in this oouotry waa felt for a day or two about the plot was doe to the alleged participation in it of an illustrions Italian, whose réputation in dear to every friend of freedom. It ceased on the publication,of Signor Mazzini's short and simple statement. Tba Frenoh polios press too understands bow much - the usefulness of the plot to the Government depends on Signor Mazzini's com- plicity, and agoordiogly to. this hour it has not dared to pnbl'sb bis letter. As time goes cn, end our knowledge, of the faots is increased, we are plaoed in a better ! position to eppreciate the stories wbioh hsvo been invented for the purpose of implicating Ibe great aulbor I of Italian unity in a miserable conspiracy. It will be remembered that it was-ampare of the story that tbs plot i was planned at Lugano, in Switzerland, whore the fonr men in'custody were (aid to have met Mazzini. Bot it now results, from inquirios made in Switzerland, that tba four men did not/arrive at Lug mo till the month oi November last, and that Mazzini bad left Lugano it tbe beginning of the previous month, 'Certainly 'thia plot has been entrusted to very clumsy hands. THE GOBA.! EASTERN -Messrs. Canard, Wilson, and Co..announce tiat the Great Eastern will be sold, by aaot'on, wittout reserve, on the 17th February.' The late Btewerd of the vea;el, Charles Lass by. name, was ssattoprlson for six months by tbe Birkenhead magir trstes for stealing a quantity of Ibe. stores. - The pri. saner received an excellent obetaolet from Mr. Vales and Captain Paton, who said that many of the artioles ho bsd taken were bis perquisites, lt aleo trac spired that the ship is in tbs possets'on ol the shelis* of Lacoasblre, and that there are abont OOO mortgages on her. THE FOREIGN ENLISTMENT PBOBKOOTIONS IN LIVEU Poor,.-Jones and YVildiog, the two persons against whom I inkrmation wera reoently laid for aiding and abetting the enlistment of men snd the shipment of ammunition I oh board the Confederate cruiser Georgia, will surrender' to-day before tbe Liverpool magistrates, It «ill be remembered that Mr, Higbar, a member of tba same firm with JoneB, bis been already committed to the next asedes for »o alleged breach of the Foreign Enlistment ?Act. A'Federal soldier went foraging, and discovered a yard io wbioh were a nnmber of turkeys. - After a sonny be oaptared one, and was about to retire with bis priz9, when Borne Confederate soldiers opened fire on him. He dieppsd the prlr.i and took to caver. Jost then Geueral Warren rode along, and Beeing the soldier drop the fowl he oslmly dismounted, and throwing tbs turkey over bi« saddle, rode quietly along, bearing oil bis valuable ptize, while the enemy's bulieti whistled tuneB of tbe moat dis- cordant sound about bis esra, - A "BCXB AneuisE."-A Frenoh paper, alluding to the King and Heenan fight, fays:-" A ' boxo Anglaise' is a generic term, meaning a section of sooiety wbioh fre- quents Vis ring.' 'Boxeara' iudicata tbe people who gp to soe a fight There is always present a 'jugs du camp,' or ' humepire,' who * imposes silence, looks at bis watch, and gives tba signal to begin," The paper tbpntasesa moral tone, and says:-'1 Too magiitrates are now deter- mined to stop Ibis brutality so loved of Bulli The blows Bhowed on tho human ohest would make a onllen tender 1 They produoe no e fleet en Bul), Let ur-, then, congratulate a sutlolt on beiog moro impressionable than an Englishman." THE TJAXE MAJOR GEKBHAT, B<SBBT HHNEY WYN YÀ.I1D. C.B.-ïha following are the dates of tho oom mtsdionB snd service* ol this distinguished general officer, whose death has been reoently announced: - Eatign, 1810; lieutenant, 1833; captain, 1824; alde.de. camp to the deputy-ossistant adjutant-general, 1827 to 1820 ; m-jor, 1811 ; lieutenant-colonel, 1812 ; colonel, 1801; mijor-general, 1868 ; lieutenant- governor of the Cape, I8B0, General Wynyard served with tbe forces in New Zea:aod, (rom October, 1815, until January, 1817, in command of the 68th B.'girnent ; commended tbe ad. vanoe division up the Kowa-Kowa Biver, ind on tbroagb tbe interior from the lending np to the position before Buspskapska, sad catered tbe breaah with the stormers in the assault oa , Kowitl'B Pah on the lltb Janairy, 1840; appointed to the command of the forces in New Zealand in January, 1861 ; held her M»jesiy's commission «a Lieutenant- Governor of New Ulster from 1851 to 1803, and administered tba Government cf the whole colony from December, 1853, to September, 1866 j aeleotcd for tba Capo command in Februrry, 18S0, and aommiisiooed as liealenant-govornor of theoolony tbe following month; assumed the duties of the governor-in. chief and bigb commissioner from AngUBt, 1800, to Joly, I860, and again from AngUBt, 1801, to January, 1803: appointed oolonel ol the 08.b Beglment in Ootober, 1803. JounNiu-M IN FBABCE.-Tbe followirg appears in the Journal de Renntei-'' We reoeivau ibis morning Ibe following lines trom one of our correspondents :-' Tba eommisiary of Police is at this moment in the sot oi seizing «ll tbs pipers in my writing deBX. ' 1 oinnot consequently «¿drtsi you any lotter to- day.' Y«stordey,' probably at tba lime oar correspondent WSB addrecBiog ns the linen given' above, oor editor was summoned betöre the Jage d'Instrnotion, who eximiand him BB to the date and the nataro ol oar relations with oar cortes, pondents. ' Tbe central oommisBSty of polioe onme after- wards to oar office and proceeded to eoirob for ead ta seize the lettera of one of our correspondents." A FrtEMon MEMOIUAI, TO SHAIWEAIÎE.-Vio tir Hago bas a new work lu ibe press upon Stialiespearo. It is to appear towards the end af Fahtuary, joBt before tba three hundredth anniversary of the great poofs birth- day, wbioh it ia intended to commemorate. The book ia to be dedicated to England, as the country ia wbioh the great Fronoh exile baB established bis borne for so many years. M. Louis Ulbacb, in speaking of this work says : -"It is n profound and exhaustive study, made wita respect, with revirent fear, but with independence, of one of the greatest of mer." WRECKED TN A WHintrotx.-Some days ego, a schooner was observed to git among the whirlpools of B roma, Tbe vessel plunged helplessly into tbs strong and swirling current, and for n few minutoB fcbe waa literally buried1 under water. When she again appeared above tbs foam eba was without topmast, Bails, yards, or rigging-having boon lorn almout <o a bare bulk wheo engulfed in lbs deep. As it is moro than probable that tho crew had been on duck, every soul on board must b»ve perlshod. Tho helpless bulk was observed uti lil dark drilling away wit!, thu tides in o westerly direo lon, nearer tba Caithness thon the Orkney shores. On tbe following day nh o WOB still floating about tue Firth, with nothing standing above deck but tbe stump of the fora WI*! ÍANSVÍ AID "TO :FIIEBOÍ¿;-Tho 'PhoiogrAplvof th bach ol ' a Lo jialam tsoapid slavs^ bas been it.Voa, or very largely cirbnlotad in the Northern-StàteB and ii England, We tabs 'he following from a late number c the rPafeAman:-"The Peonlier Ins'i ation Illustrated -.', We have seen a photographia likeness of a Loulaian olavo'a b»oh taken five or six months after a terribl scourging, and exhibittog from tho shoulders to the wai! great welts'and farrows raiBed or gonged by the lost running orosawisa and lengthwise ; tba victim himael prsaentina a noble countenance and Hoe pbyslqu;.' Niw York Anti Slanty Standard. 'Thia oard photo graph should be mullipllod by the 100,000, and soitlerci ovor.tbs States, It tells tbe etory in a way that evei Mrs. Stowe cannot approach, beoauee it tells the story ti the eye.'-JV«t» York Independent. 1A remarkable Pho tograpb. We think a good distribution ot it in- oor 0*1 anumry onnld do no haxm.'-Britith and Foreign Anti Slt'try Reporter. . Thia remarkable photograph baa beei published in England by Mr. Frederick Jones, Photo graphnr, 146, Oxford, atraer.'»-Morning Stat." BEPBESENTATION OF BnianTON.-Fire liberal eandi dates ste at present ia tho field for tbe representation 0 Brighton; but it is thought that Borne of them will re 'ire before tho day of election, Mr. Moor, wbo started 01 the conservative interest, tai withdrawn bis claims. Thc otber oandidateq are Mr. Otway, who formerly re pre. Bented Stiff 3rd (a brother-in-law of I/>rd Olaienoe Paget) Mr. Julian Goldamld, a son of Sir F. Goldeaoid, Baronet M,P.,Mr, H.Favtcttt, Professor of Political Economy «' Cambridge, who some time since sncoesefally contestée Southwark, Mr. .Darna», 'a Xondon mtrabant, and -. Mr Birktr, a gentleman of some loojl inSuenoe. At thc Uat general eleotion (1800) tho numbers were:-Admiral 'Sir G. B. Peabell. 2322 ; Mr. W. Coningham, 3106 ; Sii Allan Maonab, 1327, In July, 1860, on the death of Sil G. B. P. obeli, a new writ waa iasaed, when tbe nnmben were-Mr. J. White, 1606 ; Mr. H. Moor, 1230; Mr. F. D. Goldsmid, 477. The constttnenoy numbers DIJDUI 4,700 eleotors. Il Was said of our Prince of Wales, before bis mar. tilge, tbatjie waa in a sorry plight for only (having a ohotoo in "matrimony betwoïn seven-royal ladies ; buttha beir.HppareDt of Italy is worse eff, by baring bia power of selection limited to three princesses, all of them. Ger*, man. It ia taken for granted, of course, that Prince Humbert will not be permitted to marry either a Pro. testant or a princesa of the bouse of Austria.-Speciale; At Satbonay ( Prince) a rumour waa circulated that a ghott had been BOBO. A Cbeseenr wagered that he would solve the mystery. Aoo'ompanied by a trompeter be re- paired to the haunted' spot. Presently a human form was seen, and both of them fired at it. A cry wes beard, and. on rosbiog forward they found that what tbey bad aken for a ghost was a soldier belonging to'a patrol. The unfortunate mtn bad received two tereré wounds, one on each side of tbe body. At Liverpool; land has been sold at £30' per square yard, or nearly at the rate of £160,000 per abra. In eome situations more flan thia bas been given; io other pirti or tbe town the prioe is £100.000 per sore. London Rf Iview. [Our oontemporery rather undervalues the price of lend. In the neighbourhood of the Exchange land has ooBt as muoh as £70 par sqaare yard.] ' ' 