AMERICA. On Iht Olh December, l'rutidunt Lluroln'forwaTil'Hl n Mesagn to Conjn-, In which ho say ' 14 Thu Federal Uovermucn t ia In jwaro anil friendship with nil Foreign I'ower/, that the cri.«l« which threatened to dlvldo the fricuiMJur Itho Galon I past; that UwrcbcUt m l« pre«s«J within Its narrowest limit# imti ducl.ire the I're.ddun.'.t determination to adhere strk-tly to his emancipation policy bo tons aa lie shall remain the I executive. The Ilrltlsh Government, It says, as was further expected, hna exercised Its authority to prervnt tlnleparturc or new liostllo expeditions from Itrillsh ports. The French Kmncror, hy similar proceedings, promptly vindicated Uio neu trality which liv proclaimed ut tlii-'hi-giiiumg of the contest MocUadc questions have been discussed and accommodated In a sj>irlt of frankness, justice, and national goodwill. Our prise courts, hy the impartiality of their adjudication, have commanded the respect and conlldencc of maritime rowers. An important question, involving the maritlmo jurisdlutluu of Spain in the water surrounding (luha has heen debated with out reaching agreement, and it is projvosod to refer the que- linn to tho arhltratlon of a friendly Tower. The rights of aliens in America are partially defined hy treaties with some Governments. In no instance, however, U It stipulated that In the event of civil war foreigners residing within the lines of tlic insurgents an- to he exempted from the rule which classes them as belligerents, in' whose behalf their Government can not expect any privileges or Immunities distinct from Unit character. Such claims, however, have been put forward hi -.behalf of foreigners residing here the greater part of their t lives.' The Message states that the receipts during the year from ult sources, including loans and the balance in the Trea sury at the commencement of the year were 600,000,000 dollars. The disbursement during the year were 605,000,000 dollar. The receipts from the Customs were 60,000.000 dollars, and from the internal revenue 37,000,000 dollar. Tho amount re ceived from loans was 7T0,o0u,UUU dollar. I'lie disbursements in Uic M ar Uep.it ciiieiYPnrnnanu-i to 5dJ,0.\l,uoti dollar, aud fur the Navy Department to G3,000,000 dollars. Over 1000 vessels liavo Genu captured since (lie blockaiia was Instituted. The naval force couslsts of 588 vessels, 75 of which nre Iron clads. One hundred thousand freed slaves are In tho Federal service, half or them bearing arms. The Messagu further nays: In the mhlst of other cares we must not low sight of the fact, that war power la our utulu tvllnuvc, aud to that power nlono wo can look for n tlroo to give confidence to the people In con- tented region Mint the Insurgentpowcr will notngain overrun them. Until that confidence Is rc-establlshcd lltllo can be dotm anywhere for wliat la called ' reconstruction.' ilencu our chief carc must be directed to tlio nnny.' " On the 7th December tho Confederate Congress met, and Ibf following Message fnnn Jefferson D.ivL was received ly that 1>ody " Whatever obstinacy may be displayed by thu enemy in Ids dc.'pc-ruto sacrifices of life, money, and liberty In the 1io|h of enslaving us, experience of mankind has loo conclu sively shown the superior endurance of those fighting for home, liberty, and Independence, to permit any doubt of the result." lie bitterly criticises Karl Russell's policy In regard to tho blockade, and referring to Karl Russell's speech that Knglishmoo would bt for ever infamous If, for tho sake of their interests, they hail violated tho law of nations and made war with the slavcholditig States against Uic Federal States, says Karl Russell would probably have omitted his remark regard ing the slavclioldlng States If he had remembered that those State were, when colonies, made slaveholdlug by thu direct exercise of Kngluud'rf power, whose interest in the slave trade were then supnved to require that her colonies should be slkveholdlng. lie says: "Tlio enemy refuse proposals for tho only pcuco possible between us. The only ho|>u of peace now is In the vigour of our resistance." lie speaks despondlngly of the In of Yioksburg, Tort Hudson, and many other points. Advices from Uhaltauooga to November 2'Jth announce llml two divisions, under (J r inger, had made a rcconuoUancu to ascertain the Uonfederate po.-ltlou and obtain possession of two elevations hi front of the Federal left, halfway between tho Federal line aud Missionary Jtidge. The Federal guns commanding the position, only one battery was taken into action. Granger tuoved forward at one o'clock In the after noon, and engaged the Confederates, whilst theurtlllery in tho Federal fort opened upon the Confederate rlllc pits and cnmtm behind the Hue of lighting. The Confederates did not reply, having no artillery at tiiat part of their entrenchment. Granger then occupied tlio elevations upon which hu directed his nimck, curried the rlllc pits iu front, and moved through the forest bclore him, driving in thu Confederate picket, lie halted his advance ou reaching further rllle pit In his front, where thu Confederates awaited an attack, which hu did not make, Id object Icing to obtain the height on the Federal left, which would secure from a tlank attack auy coluuiu moving to turn Missionary Midge. On tlio night of thu itllli lira— evacuated Lookout Moun tain, moving south. On tlio uiurning of tliu25tli Hooker oc cupied the )<osillon. At the same time Sherman assaulted tho nurllisHut of kbloiiary itidgc, and was repulsed with heavy loss. Hut being reinforced, he renewed the assault, and readied to wlUiln tw«my yards of the summit, but was fiauked and compelled lo retire to his reserves. The Confederates then rolumnwhfch broke LJiu Confederate centre and gained po-. "MnSPJll onJ.Trtgor'k'rioXoi.ledutvvu Uialn" force b.rtBgumen northward .toward Slicmiaii, who opened "Uro - upou them, driving them disordered down the weatern slope .bf tho Mis sionary iiidgr, and across the western ridge of lltu Chlcka- "ifciu tho night of the 25th General Ilrajg retired from tho position he had taken up, south of Misslouury ltidge, towards Dultou, In Georgia, destroying the bridges spanning the water courses behind him. aud also thu stores aud material which cmbarasncd his movement. General Sherman advanced In pursuit at four o'clock on the iiiorulngof thu Utitli, and pressed the Chickautauga Itlver during tho forenoon. General Hooker was at Ringgold, Georgia, iu the afternoon. Thu Federal cracuatcd ltinggold on November 30, havtug first burnt all the public buildings, mills, depots, and bridges, and returned to Chattanooga. Tim railway from King-gold to Cbickauiaua was also destroyed. Somu despatches assert that thu Federals have been routed at Soller.stUlu, Kentucky, with a loss of numerous prisoners, nud that tho Confederates have made a raid on the Memphis and Charleston railroad, near Toeahontas, rapturlug 400 and killing 300 FederaL. Thu Confederates nro sal I to have captured fifteen waggons of a Federal foragu train near llan-L-on, In Tennessee, on the 4th. On the Hill November General Longtrcct crossed the Ten nessee, and General Hurusidu fell back before him. Gn tho 16th, a fight ensued, lasting from noon till dark, whim the Federals again retreated. Gn the 10th, Lougstrect opened fire on Kiioxv'lllv, and completely Invested the city, but oil the night of 4lh December the sleac was raised, and Longstreot withdrew, It Is believed with the luteutiou of joining Lee In Virginia. Tlio 'Tribune'' Washington corrcspond.nt, under date of December Olh, i-tnlcs that an abundant supply of provisions had reached Richmond, nnd all fear of scarcity had been re moved. The price of beard at the best hotel In Kichinoiid does not exceed 2J«'. dollars per day. The ltichmond Inquirer states that General Uragg was relieved of his command at his own request. Thesame journal remarks that ouild tho reverses that have recently befallen tho Confederate army in Kast Tenuessco, it is gratifying to learn that In West Tennessee an army Is springing up like magic to resist the luvudllig foe, and to defeud \Ve»t Tenuessee, West Kentucky, and North Missouri to tho Tallahatchie, all of which districts have been formed Into n departmeut, to bo known ua the department of West Tennessee, under tho com- uiaudofColouel IL 1'. KU hardsou. It is stated that General Gruut bos captured since his cam paign In tho West commenced, no less lhau 472 canuun aud 00,lH)0 prisoners freiu the Confederate. The monitor Wechuwken, lying at thocntrancoofCharlcstnn harbour, sank suddenly at her anchorage during a gale, film went down very rapidly. Four engineers and twenty-six of her crew were dreamed. She is lying in five fathom water, and will be raised, vrliuu the cause of her sluklug will be ascer tained. It 1 estimated that the expenditure of the Federal Govern ment for the support of the War, Navy, aud other Depart ments, together with thu Interest upon the public debt, during the eusulug year, will amount to btw,ooylww dollars. f -Taming a PonroiBE. — Mr. Frank) Bucklantl js - making tho most dcsp'cratopflurts to'got a livo'por- poise in tho Zoological Gardens, but tho creatures ..aro apt to oxpiro a few minutes after thoir arrival ut thoir destination. Mr. Duckiand recently re ceived a summons to tako charge of a livo porpolso at. Kuikostono, nnd brought him to London by ex- pnsss train, nut in tho tank, because water won't travel express without splashing down tho porpoise's blow hole ami choking him, but in a fish-box, with sen-water aud a spongo near. Mr. Buckland gave him thu most tender attention, dabbing tho buast's nose aud body with a wet spongo all up the in. The porpolso nppcurod to liko tlio fast travelling except in tlio tunnels, when tho steam and smoke made him snap and snecxo, nud probably induced, iu his weak state, a serious diptheric nllection of tho throat. For whou he arrived ho could not swallow, and Mr. Buckland kindly assisting him by poking ft herring whole down his throat, tho porpoise rejected it, and then gave up tho ghost. Wo do not wonder. If Mr. Buckland, ill a weak state, wore treated furdipthcria by having a mutton chop thrust bodily down his throat, ho would pro bably act liko the porpoise, or elso dio of tlio sub sequent nightmare, wo would suggest that tho porpoise should bo towed rouud tlio coast and up tho Thames in auy futuio attempt of tho kind. Tliov clearly ilou't appreciate railways aud tun uels, Spectator, 