THE WILD SPOETS OF SCOTLAJm [From the Examiner's Beview of Mr. St. John's Book.] 'Wild ewan shooting is not the least among the sporting attractions of the loehs of Moray shire. These birds can. eland a great deal of hard hitting. One of these noble creatures was shot in this manner : — ' The latakia was not half pnffed away when I heard the well-known warning cry of the swans, and immediately looking- round saw them just flapping along the water preparatory to their flight. Cocking my gun, and holding the pipe tighter in my teeth, I waited anxiously to see in what direction they woald fly. At first \- ^hey made straight eastward, as if off for the Bay of Findhorn, but after a short flight in that uijjeetion they turned, and I saw them coming three and three together, as usual, straight towards where I was concealed. In a few minutes they were exactly over my head, at a good height, but still within shot, flying with their long necks stretched straight out and their blaek feet tacked up, but plainly visible as they passed over me. I stood up and took a dell- 1 berate aim at the largest of them as he ascended higher Jito the air at my unexpected appear ance. The first barrel seemed to have little effect on him, though I distinctly heard the shot rattle on his strong quills ; the second, however, which was loaded with larger shot, was more effective : whilst his two companions continued crving to each other, he remained silent. How ever, he kept up with the rest, and they all went off towards the bav. In the meantime three smaller swans came within twenty yards of me, or less, trumpeting and calling loudly. With the glass I watched the bird I had fired at, as I knew he was hard hit. He still, however, held his way with the rest, and they were gradually getting indistinct when^ I saw him suddenly rise straight up into the air, his snowy plumage shining as it caught the rays of the sun. I saw him a second time rise per pendicularly to a great height; he then sud denly turned backwards in the air and tumbled headlong to the ground perfectly dead. He was above half a mile or more from me, in the direc tion of the bay, and the whole intervening ground was covered with sandhills and bent, so that I could not see the exact spot where he fell, whether on the dry ground or in the sea. How ever, I marked the direction as well as I could, and set off after him. Large as he was, I had a long and for some time a fruitless search amongst the broken sandhills. I scanned the bay with the glass in vain, and then came back towards the lochs. At last I hit upon him by finding a quantity of blood on the sand, and following the drops, which had fallen almost in a stream : in fact the track of blood, though falling from such a height, was as conspicuous as that of a wounded hare on snow. At length I came on the swan, who was lying stretched out on the sand, and a noble bird he was. I shouldered him as well as his great length would enable me to do, and carried him back to where the boy was waiting for me. I found him no slight burden ; he weighed above 27Ibs. ; the breadth between his wings 8 feet, and Ms length 5 feet. Of all the swans I ever killed he was by far the largest, the usual weight being from 15 to 18 lbs.' The rapidity of the wild swan's flight is wonderful, and there is only one way of making sure of him. Jtr. St. John says it is nearly useless to fire at a swan passing over your head, unless you wait till he is well passed, so as to shoot at him from behind. The strength of the feathers, and the thickness and closeness of the down, effectually stop the heaviest shot fired at the breast. Mr. St. John has much to say about eagles, owls, and hawks of all descriptions, the pere grine falcon, amongst the latter, being his especial favorite. Its habits and appearance are thus described : — ' There is no handsomer or more courageous hawk than the peregrine. In a reclaimed state its confidence and boldness are wonderfully great, and when wild it does not hesitate to attack birds far heavier and larger than itself. The upper part of the plumage in the mature bird is a rich slate color. The lower parts white, more or less barred with dark brown or black. They vary, however, very much in the shade and depth of color, both of the upper and under parts. The throat and breast in some birds have a fine cream-colored tinge. The cere, legs, and feet are bright yellow, the feet remark ably strong and large. Altogether, I know no bird which has so firm and muscular an appearance as this falcon. The irides are dark brown, approaching to black, and the eye is very foil and prominent. The peregrine builds no nest, but lays her eggs, four in number, in some slight depression in ' the rock or turf growing on the cliff. Year after year the same range ot roea xs tenanted oy a pair of peregrines, and if they are killed the next season a fresh pair usually appear. If one is killed the survivor immediately finds a mate and continues the duties of incubation or feeding the young without apparent interruption. The young at first, and till nearly full grown, are covered with thick white down. For the first year they . -are brown above and white below, with longitu dinal instead of transverse streaks. Assoonas they are able to hunt for themselves the young are driven away by the parents, ^who admit of no rivals within a considerable distance. In the winter peregrines are seen far more numerously than at any other time. There are always some hunting the large marshes, such as the Loch of Spynie, &c;,, and they may generally beseen either hunting for their prey, or perched on some tree or rock near those places. I have frequently known a peregrine appear suddenly at particular spots when I am shooting, and carry off a partridge that I have flushed, often singling out a wounded bird, as if knowing that it would be an easy prey. The peregrine seldom strikes a bird on the ground, preferring to make its swoop at one on the wing, and either carries it off at once or strikes it with great force with the two hind talons, and then either letting it fall dead to the ground or catching it halfway in the act of falling. So strong on the wing is this bird that a full grown partridge appears to be no encum brance to its flight. The first thing that the hawk does on knocking down its prey if it is notalready dead, and often even if it is so, is to break the neck of the victim by bending the head back. It then beginB with the brains, and after that eats all the most fleshy parts. The wild fowl on seeing the peregrine approach betake them selves, if possible, to the water, knowing that as long as they keep to this element they are safe. I have often seen the falcon make several swoops close to the heads of ducks, etc., while swimming, as if endeavouring to make them rise, but always without success. She will not strike a bird too heavy to carry off at once while over the water, but waits till its prey is flying over the land. The peregrine was always very much in request by falconers, owing to its courage and generous temper and disposition. It is the easiest trained of any hawk, and it appears not only to be sociable and fond of company, but also to be capable of considerable attachment to its master. If regularly fed it may be allowed full liberty, seldom leaving its home or at tacking the poultry, except when driven to it by hunger. The eggs of the peregrine are marked all over with rich red-brown spots, and are more round than ovaL There is con siderable difference as to plumage and size in different individuals, and though the female is larger than the male, as in all hawks, the difference in this respect is not so great as in the gos-hawk or sparrow-hawk. The female when trained is supposed to be not only stronger but of a fiercer and more courageous disposition.' There is a, very simple way of taking the young peregrine falcon which puts us in mind of Sinbad's expedient to escape from the Valley of Diamonds. ' A person having reached the top of the rock immediately above the nest, ties a rough blue bonnet, or some similar substance, to a bundle of heather the size of a man's head ; then dropping this, attached to a rope upon the nest, the young falcons, instead of being frightened, immediately attack it, and, sticking their talons into the cap, hold on courageously and determinedly till they are dragged to the top of the cliff. Even then it is sometimes necessary to cut the cap to pieces before they will relinquish their hold.' Mr. St. John had a ?eregrine falcon which he kept in his garden, 'hough nominally tame, it was a dangerous cus tomer to other aTiirnafa, and would fly at any thing, Trilling rats with all the dexterity of the celebrated dog ' Billy.' It was more noticeable for courage than estimable for companionship, for, happening to quarrel with a pet owl over the re mains of some bird that had been given for their mutual dinner, the falcon finished hi meal by disposing of his friend, nothing being left of the gwl but a leg and some of the larger feathers. Mr. St. John has a good opinion of owls in general, believing that they are far more friends than enemies to man. 'The mis chief an owl does to game is,' he says, ' very trifling ; but the service he is of to the gardener, the farmer, and even to the planter of forest trees, by destroying rats and mice, is in calculable.' Like poor Tom in the tragedy, ' rats and mice and such small deer' are the owl's principal food, but he has Gallic tastes also, when he falls in with the hoarse tenant of the marsh, though his manner of feeding is not quite a la Frangaise. ' When an owl catches a frog, instead of swallowing it whole, as he does a mouse, he tears it to pieces, while still alive, in the most cruel manner, regardless of its shrill cries.' There are great varieties of the owl I family in Slorayshire, and for aU Mr. St. John i has a good word. Much that is valuable with I respect to the habits of otters and the manner of taming them is to be found in Mr. St. John's book. Here are some notes in illustration : — ' When accompanied by her young, the Female otter throws aside her usual shyness, and is -ready to do stout battle in their behalf. A Highlander of my acquaintance happened to find a couple of young otters in a hollow bank, and having made prisoners of them was carrying them home in triumph in his plaid. The old otter, hower, attracted by their cries, left the river, and. so determinedly opposed his carrying them away, .by placing herself directly in his path, and blowing and hissing like a cat at him, with tail and bristles erect, that the man, although as stout a fellow as ever trod on heather, was glad to give up one of the young ones, and make his escape with the other while the mother was occupied in assuring herself of the safe condition of the one she had rescued. . . . When an otter is caught in a trap, all its companions that may be within hearing of its struggles to escape immediately repair to the spot, and try to 'assist the captive in escaping. During the daytime the otter lies quietly in some concealed spot, either in a hole excavated under some overhanging bank or root of a tree or in some hollow place amongst a cairn of stones. Occasionally, however, when surprised by the light of day in a situation where he deems it imprudent to continue his course towards the usual hiding-place, he crawls quietly into some convenient drain, or chooses a dry place in a clump of rushes, and there he will lie during the whole day, till the gloom of evening enables him to continue his journeying, or to commence fishing again. . . . Though the otter is naturally piscivorous, on emergency he will eat flesh or fowl, and is occasionally caught in the traps baited with a pigeon, a piece of rabbit, or whatever else the game keeper may make use of m catching other vermin. The trap that holds an otter must, however, have both a powerful spring and be well chained to its peg, with a swivel or two on the chain to prevent the animal breaking it by dint of twisting. In hunting down the course of a river the otter always keeps the water, gliding in his quiet ghost-like manner down the deep pools, making scarcely a ripple as he floats down, sometimes diving, and, indeed, rarely showing much of his head above the sur face, except when to listen to some distant sound, or to gaze at some doubtful object, he suddenly raises half his length perpendicularly out of the water. In passing the fords he wades down the shallowest place, or if the stream is there very rapid he comes out of the water and follows the bank of the river, moving along in a curious leaping manner. When in pursuit of fish he seems, as far as can be observed, to try to get below his prey, that he may seize it by the throat, It is not often that an otter commits himself so far as to be found during the day time in any situation where he can be ap proached ; but one day in this month I was out for a quiet walk with my retriever, looking at some wide drains and small pools for wild ducks, when suddenly the dog went off nose to the ground in so eager a manner that I knew no thing but a fox or an otter could have been the cause of his excitement; and I soon found in a nearly dry open drain the quite recent track of a very large otter. For a long time he would not show himself, till suddenly the dog rushed into a thick juniper bush, and the next moment dog and otter were tumbling over each other into a deep black pool. The otter escaped from the dog in the water ; but the hole being only about six feet square, though deep, I took my retriever out by main force, and waited for the water to become clear again. When it did so, I looked for the otter for some time in vain, till at last, having stooped down close to the pool, I was startled by seeing his face within a few inches of my own, his body being almost entirely concealed by the overhanging bank. I tried to make him leave his cover, Vint in vn.in - ro I sent the doer in asrain. who soon* found him, and after a short scuffle the otter left the pool, and went off along a wide but shallow drain, and there the battle began, again. The dog, although unable to master the otter, who was one of the largest size, managed to prevent his eseape_, and at hist I ended the contest by a well- applied blow from a piece of railing which I had picked up.' 