TOPICS OF THE WEEK. By the Eangatira we have received intercolonial papers to the following dates : — Melbourne, Sept. 22 ; Sydney, Sept. 17 ; Brisbane, Sept. 13 ; Launceston, Sept. 19 ; Hobart Town, Sept. 17 ; Otago, Sept. 13 ; Inveroargill, Sept. 14. The news, except what has already been anticipated by telegraph, is very un important. The question of leasing or not leasing the railways is likely to be considered in connection with a propo sition of a much more sweeping character, Mr. King ston having given notice of motion affirming the expediency of selling them outright. The law advisers of the Government have officially intimated that the proposal on the part of the Marine toard to establish a kind of Sub-Board to take charge of matters affecting the pilot service, is illegal, the Act giving the Marine Board no authority thus to delegate its powers. In the Legislative Council on Tuesday the Hon. Mr. Baker gave a very long and elaborate notice of motion with regard to Mr. Goyder's valuations, con demning the principles upon which the valuations have been arrived at, and affirming the desirable ness of further action in a different direction. We have already said that the battle is not yet fought out, and Mr. Baker's new campaign is proof of it. The public viill have need to exercise the utmost vigilance, as there can be no doubt that a moat determined effort will be made to upset Mr. Goyder's valuations. The Supreme Court: was occupied nearly all Tuesday finishing the case of Brown v. Young and Another — an action brought against the defendants as magistrates of the Morphett Yale Local Court, for falsely imprisoning the plaintiff for a month. The jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff with £150 damages. In White v. Bennett the plaintiff was nonsuited. A letter from the Government of Queensland has been read in the Legislative Council to the effect that that G-overnment could in no way relax the severity of their regulations with reference to the travelling of stock from South Australia into Queensland. A petition, signed by 43 bankers, merchants, traders, and others, of Adelaide, to the House of Assembly, sets forth that the memorialists view with some alarm -the great efforts made by the Government of Victoria to secure the Murray trade to that colony, while the snag-boat, constructed some time since at a considerable cost to this colony, is lying idle. That, although some of the trade of the Upper Murray and Mumunbidgee may be diverted to Melbourne via Echuca, the great and increasing trade of the Darling and Lower Murray may be secured to South Aus tralia by moderately energetic action on the part of this G-overnment. That the extension of the electric telegraph to the New South Wales boundary would give greatly increased facilities to the trade, and that the outlay would not be much more than double what is at present proposed for the line to Blanchetown, while the comparative advantage would be much greater; especially if arrangements are made with the New South Wales Government to extend their line to meet it. That the clearance of the channel of the Murray River of snags below Wentworth would also be of the utmost advantage to the South Aus tralian steamers, especially in dry seasons, at which times, moreover, the disadvantage of the route via Echuca will be most manifest. The memorialists, therefore, pray that a sufficient sum may be placed on the Estimates for the immediate extension of the electric telegraph to New South Wales boundary, and also for the employment of the snag-boat on the Lower Murray as soon as the fall of the river shall enable the work to be proceeded with advan tageously. It will be seen from our telegram that the Govern ment of Victoria having declared war against New South Wales, are disposed to extend the same courtesy to South Australia. The compact with this colony has been suddenly annulled, as stated in the telegram, and all dutiable goods passing up the Murray into Victoria, or crossingjthe Border, will be seized, unless the duty is paid to the Victorian Go vernment. But our neighbors have anticipated the telegram, and have actually seized (we think at Wahgunyah) a quantity °f opium, on which the duty had been paid in this province, the amount being duly credited to the account of the Victorian Govern ment. After the opium was seized, but before the South Australian Government were advised of the seizure, they forwarded to the Government of Vic toria, at their request, a statement of the amount that had been paid on it. The result of this impetuous conduct on the part of the neighboring colony is that this G-overnment will no longer collect any duties for Victoria at all ; and all goods now going up the Murray will be entered for New South Wales, and will pass, without pay ment of duty, to the New South Wales bonded ware houses on the river. It is more than probable that goods may, under this arrangement, be entered for New South Wales, and be landed on the Victorian eide of the river, but the blame will rest with those who refuse to assent to a reasonable arrangement. The policy of the Victorian Government is throwing the Biverine trade into the hands of. this colony, and we trust oar Government will be prompt to take all fair and proper advantage of the opportunity. A severe accident occurred on Friday evening to a farmer named John 3?orster. The circumstances, so far as we can gather them, are that he was hawking about a load of hay in North Adelaide for sale, when something wrong occurring with the harness he stopped the horse to adjust it. The animal on starting again knocked down Mr. Forster, and before he had time to recover himself one of the wheels passed over his body, breaking two or three of his ribs. He was taken to the British Tavern, Finniss street, where Dr. Mclntyre saw him and did what he could to relieve his sufferings. The unfortuuate man lingered on till about 5 o'clock in the evening of {Saturday, wnen He expired. He was tully conscious all the time. He leaves a wife and family to lament his sudden demise. Mr. Forster waaiormerly a car penter at Messrs. English & Brown's, but latterly has been farming on Gilles' Plains. Our Callington Correspondent says, under date September 22, ' The operation at the Bremer Mine are of the usual satisfactory nature, above 250 tons of ore having being raised and dressed during the past month. The supply of wood now is such as to enable them to keep four furnaces at work here, and one at Scott's Creek. Should this supply continue for any time, the accumulation of ore, which amounts to some 500 or 600 tons, 'will soon be reduced. The water wheel which is to work the new dressing .machinery has been started ;'the returns of dressed ore will there fore soon be increased, as there* is an immense quantity of poor class ore on the surface. The 63-fathom level having been reached, they will commence to drive to the lode, which is a short way off to the westward, and as the lode north of the shaft under the side in the 53 level, is looking as well as it does above it, this holds out prospects of a good lode in the 63 leveL The lode in the end of the 53 southhas improved, and is now about 10 feet wide ; the stopes in the main lode are holding as good as ever. In the eastern lode in the bottom of the shaft which is now smelting ; under the 23rd, there is showing a good lode of black ore.' Captain Anthony reports, September 17th, that at the Blinman, during the past month, he has been driving 20 fathom level, No. 1 shaft, sinking winze in 10 fathom, No. 2 shaft, driving south big bunoh, driving 10 fathom north of No. 4 shaft, and working on the atopes. The yield of ore is fair in all the workings, and the mine is being laid open with due regard to ventilation and future economical opera tions. The great drawback is at present the scarcity of drays for cartage of stores up, and produce down. The smelting operations are being vigorously carried forward with two furnaces. There is now on the mine over 100 ttons dressed ore, and 7 tons copper, wuiLlllg traijsiif. vapu* JLcireii xcpuitts buau luo Yudanamutana mine is looking well; the stopes having yielded during past month about 25 tons ore of high percentage. The Superintendent, who has just returned from his official visit to the mines, fully endorses the statements made by the captains in their reports. The Orient has just taken on board 100 tons of ore of SO per cent, and 248 packages of copper of 95 per cent., weighing, say 17 tons. — [Communicated. ~\ The anniversary dinner of the Loyal Victoria and Duke of York Lodges of Oddfellows was held on Thursday, September 22, at Host Goldsworthy's, White Hart Hotel, Port Adelaide. During the after noon some of the brothers had a friendly cricket match on the vacant ground near the Railway Hotel, Mr. J. Young and Mr. Lawton acting as captains, and the latter side being the winners. In the evening about 60 persons sat down to an excellent dinner laid upon the tables by Mine Host and Brother Golsd worthy, and was enjoyed with the greatest satisfac tion. The chair was occupied by Brother the Hon. John Hart, and the vice-chair by His Worship th Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. F. Reynolds). After th dinner the usual loyal toasts were drunk with th heartiest loyalty and enthusiasm; after which th Vice-Chairman proposed 'The Army, Navy, and Volunteers.' Song, Brother J. Waite— ' Red, White, and Blue.' Mr. F. H. Rix, of the Port Artillery, responded. Mr. W. Christie pro posed ' The Parliament of South Australia ;' and the Chairman, in responding, Baid there was no question that Parliament, like other communities, would differ, and sometime public opinion was wrong, although it generally came right in the end. He referred to the many years he had represented Port Adelaide, and the pleasure he felt in doing so. He would not go into politics, but might mention that the question of the squatters was settled, and the policy of the G-overnment had given satisfaction. The Ministry had examined Mr. G. oyder as to his valua tions, but his answers were so disoreet, so straight forward and honest, they could only say he had tome to a just decision. He did not know a more wonderful thing than the amount of work and intel ligence brought to bear on these valuations in the short time by Mr. Goyder, who deserved well of the colony — he was second to no officer that that colony ever had. He (the Chairman) would have condemned his valuations if he had considered it hie duty, but he found it the reverse. Squatters would now have to pay a very much larger rent, and the. Trea surer would have an opportunity to place the tariff second to that of no other country. The runs in hundreds would be opened to greater competition, and the labouring man would benefit by cheap meat from these changes. Song — Mr. Rowley ' Maids of Merry England.' Mr. Blake proposed I 'The Shipping and Commercial Interest,' and referred to the impetus that would be given to his j interest by opening up the country and the develop- J ment of the colony. Mr. Jas. Grosse responded, , referring to the large increase of shipping and free trade. Song — Mr. Monkhouse. Mr. E. Bur field proposed ' The Agricultural, Pastoral and Mining Interests.' Song — Mr. Hannary. Mr. B. Reed responded, and referred to the mining interest being in its infancy. The Chairman had gone into the j matter of the pastoral interests — he thought much of 1 the coercion in this matter had been premature. Mr. J. Waite proposed ' The Victoria and Duke of York Lodges.' During his experience they had done a vast amount of good, saving a large amount of distress. The Government grant in aid was given to other institutions, and he thought it should be also given to these societies ; it would save the Government much expense by keeping many out of the Destitute Asylum. He would advise all young men to join. Drank with Lodge honors. Mr. H. Todd on behalf of the Victoria Lodge responded. During the past year they had made considerable progress ; since last meeting they had 22 new members, now numbering 215, and their funds had increased over £ LOO after providing for [all calls upon them. Mr. J. Young, for the Duke of York Lodge, responded, and stated that their Lodge might feel flattered by the amount of good they had done. They had during the past year many extreme cases to meet, and he was happy to say they had met them and kept their books clear, and were making steady progress, although there were many members who they had to care for. Mr. James Williams proposed ' Prosperity to the Widow and Orphans' Fund and all other Friendly Societies.' Mr. W. Quinn responded. Mr. MeKendrick proposed ' Success to the various kindred societies,' and expatiated on the'vast amount of good they had done. Mr. W. Whitfield responded. The toasts of Lady Daly and the Ladies of South Australia, the Chairman, Vice-Chairman, the Press, the Stewards, Host and HoBtess, were duly honored, after which the company separated. On Friday evening a well-attended ball was held in the large Lodge- room. Mr. C. Lindsay has failed to get £500 for the Acclimatization Society; but the House have agreed to give £300 provided the Society will subscribe as much privately. In the Insolvent Court, on Monday, the ease of Cawker & Cameron was adjourned for a fortnight. There were only two cases of drunkenness brought before the Police Court on Monday, and they were dealt with in the usual manner. The adjourned meeting of the Bench of Magis trates was held on Tuesday, September 27. Severa transfers of publicans' licences were granted. The Bench adjourned until December next. There was no business brought before the Police or Insolvent Courts on Tuesday, September 27. We have seen a letter from the Inspector of Nuisances to the Town Clerk, and we have our selves received another letter from a correspondent, with reference to the shooting of a goat a few days since in Franklin-street by the Inspector, on which occasion a portion of the charge went through a window, and fell cIobc to a bed on which a child had just been lying. It appears that the shot (a swan shot) was a ricochet, having struck a stone, and glanced off into the house, where it was picked up, flattened. The goat was killed by the discharge, bo that it was not a false aim. We mention this to clear the Inspector from the imputation of carelessness, and also, as our correspondent suggests, to afford the Corporation an opportunity of deciding whether fire arms should be used in the public Btreets for the destruction of animals illegally at large. A telegram forwarded from Adelaide to Melbourne and dated the 12th of September, contains the fol lowing information : — ' It is stated on good authority that a Roman Catholic priest, lately arrived here from Geelong, has applied for ordination as a Church of England minister. - ?' Mr. Skrutt's picture of the well-remembered Aus tralian Black Thursday is spoken of in the highest terms by the leading English journals and art critics, and the Melbourne Herald,, after quoting various commendatory passages, adds, ' Some of our rich colonists in London would perform a graceful act by purchasing this picture and presenting it to the Victorian G-allery of Fine Arts.' In a despatch from Mr. Cardwell to Sir George Grey, dated 27th June, the former, after noticing the probability of a speedy termination of the New Zealand war, says — ' I take this opportunity of ob serving that the inconveniences to which the Aus tralian colonies are exposed from the continual absence of the small detachments of troops allotted to them have been strongly urged upon my attention : and I must express my earnest hope that, in case your anticipations should be realized, you will not fail to take the earliest possible opportunity of restoring to New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, and Van Diemen's Land, the troops which have been withdrawn from those colonies.' The Sandhurst and Echuca Railway was com pleted on the 17th September. It is 56 miles in. length, and the contract price of its construction is £300,000. Messrs. Collier and Barry have laid it down in eight months and a half. The railway de nartment will now convev all ?oods offered at either end ; but the opening for regular traffic will not take place just yet. The trains runs very smoothly, the gravel ballast used not having the rigidity of the bluestone usually employed ; and the railway depart ment is perfectly satisfied with the faithful manner in which the works have been executed. The annual demonstration of the Adelaide Gym nastic and Fencing Club took place on Saturday afternoon, September 24. There was a large gather ing of spectators, including His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly, the Chief Secretary, the Treasurer, and several members of both branches of the Legis lature. The members went through a variety of exercises, including gymnastics, boxing, and fencing, in which thev seemed verv nroficient. It annears from a circular which the Club has issued that the institution has now been in existence for upwards of two years, and that it was established for the purpose of enabling the youth of the colony to be trained to the exercise of their physical powers, with due regard to development of muscular action and the couae quent promotion of their general bealthfulness. That these objects have been attained was evident on Saturday, for some of the feats that were performed were surprisingly skilful, and indicated the possession of great muscular strength. In a climate like this, where the physical frame is so liable to become ener vated, anything calculated to keep it in healthy action caunot be too highly commended ; and as a means to this end — the possession both of a sound mind and sound body — we know of nothing more conducive to health and strength than gymnastic exercises. In reference to the subject of border customs, the Sydney Morning Herald Bays : — ' There has been throughout an indisposition to approach the subject with equitable views, and a determination, perhaps, on one side, to overlook the geographical facts, and on the other to take advantage of an opportunity alike exasperating and unjust. The G-overnment of this colony has resolved to enforce those duties to which our legal claim is indisputable. We shall soon see the beginning — what wul be the end? The British Government, however, is greatly to blame. Two courses were open : — To confer upon each of the colonies the rights of sovereign powers to deal with each other independently of British interference or sanction — a scheme of prodigious folly ; or the course was, under Imperial law and administration, to pre scribe certain forms by which unavoidable boundary disputes could be adjusted; to organise interests which are common as well as adiuBt those which are distinct. Unhappily, this last plan was not adopted, but a loose constitution given to each of the depen dencies, creating for them all the conflicting interests of sovereign states, without any means of harmo nising them. Surely the colonists of New South Wales and Victoria are not so besotted as to regard each other as adverse powers, or desire an actual war — an evil not by any means impossible under our present constitutions, where either Government may assume territorial authority, and upon its own con struction enforce that authority by arms.' At the annual meeting of ' The One Tun Ragged School,' Westminster, the Earl of Shaftesbury ob served that some seventeen years ago he found a poor, wretched, but well-looking young girl in Pye-street. He brought her to the ragged-school, and in due time means were taken to Bend her to Adelaide. On her way out the ship stopped at Deptford, and this young person addressed a letter to him, thanking him for what he had done for her, and promising he should hear from her again. He (the Jfiari ot Hhattesbary) often afterwards heard of her, and that she was doing well in the colony to which she was sent. About five years ago, upon returning to his house, his servant informed him that a lady drove up in her carriage and left her card, saying that she regretted she had not an opportunity of seeing him, as she had only a few hours to remain in town on her way with her husband from Australia to India. He could not make out who the lady could be, but in the course of a conversation with Mr. Gent, the secretary of the ragged-school, he informed him that the lady in question was the young creature he had met many years before in Pye-street, and had brought into the ragged-school. It appeared that she went into the service of a gentleman in Adelaide, and. that ehe con ducted herself with so much propriety that her master's son married her, and she was now one of the richest ladies in Australia. — Biitish Standard, The following is a statement of the South Austra lian Bonded Debt on 30th June, 1864:— City and Port Railway, £99,750 ; Gawler Railway, £235,350 ; ditto, first extension, £73,600 ; ditto, second extension, £36,000; ditto, third extension, £12,600; Harbor Trust improvements, £83,000; City Waterworks, £200,000 j Railways and Waterworks (No. 2 of 1860), £25,100; Waterworks completion, £32,400; Port Augusta Waterworks, £18,000 ; Victor Harbor im provements, £12,800; Port Adelaide Waterworks, £32,200. Total, £860,800. The total value of bonds issued for these works was £1,068,900, of which £208,100 has been redeemed. The proprietor of the Northern Star announces this week that he is about to sell the newspaper to a number of friends, who propose to continue its pub lication in Eapunda. We understand that Pirie-street Wesleyan Chapel will be closed for the next three weeks, as it is the intention of the trustees to have it thoroughly cleaned and renovated. The gas fittings ordered from England for the building, which hare been here some time, will replace the present temporary ones, which certainly do not improve the appearance of its otherwise elegant interior. It was announced last Sunday that services would be held on the two succeeding Sabbaths in the Lecture Hall, and also in the School-rooms, in Franklin and Gilbert-street. Mr. Todd, the Superintendent of Telegraphs, and Mr, Lewis, the Postmaster-General, are now over at Port Wallaroo, and we understand one principal object of their visit is to fix upon a site for the new telegraph station and post-office. It is believed that the new buildings will be erected near the present temporary offices — a most central position for busi ness. On Saturday evening, a meeting was held at Hazel grove's Hotel, the Cornucopia (Wallaroo), with the important object of petitioning Parliament to open for sale or lease blocks of agricultural land on the Peninsula. The business of Port Wallaroo is fast increasing. On the 24th September there were ten vessels in the port, with an aggregate register of about 3,000 tons There are on board about 3,000 tons of coals, and 300 tons timber, and stores for the miners. A meeting was held at Port Wallaroo on Saturday evening, the 24th, for the purpose of forming a volunteer corps- About 34 or 35 persons gave in their names as intending recruits. In our issue of Saturday we mentioned that the Royal Victoria and Duke of York Lodges had cele brated their anniversary by a cricket match and dinner. We are now enabled by favor of a corres pondent to give the particulars of the cricket match, which, however, as the brethren did not muster very strongly, was composed mostly of members of the Port Adelaide Cricket Club and gentlemen picked on the ground. The game was played with much spirit ; everything in fact passed off excellently. Whilst noticing this match we have to express a hope that this is only the commencement of a series at the Port. Messrs. J. Young and W. T. Lawton acted as captains. Subjoined is the score ?-— IiAwton's Side. JBirst innings. Second Innings. Acres, ran out ? ... l b. Toang ? 0 Bates b. Day ? 9 b. Day ? 1 Hopkins b. Young ? 4 not oat ? 22 WalHey b. Day ? 3 b. Day ? 0 Todd b. Young ? 5 b. Young ? 8 NichoIIs 0. Hopkins ? 6 b. Young ? 4 Lawton b. Day ? 13 b. Day ? 1 Martinson ? 0 c Bridgeman ... 3 Whitfield, ran out... — ... 1 Byes ... ... 2 Leg bye ? 1 No ball ? 1 Wides ? 3 Byes ? ... 8 Total ? 51 Total ? 41 Young's Side. First Innings. -Second Innings. Mooney b. Acrea ? 6 0. Hopkins ... 10 Bridgeman b. Acres ? 6 b. lawton ? 0 Fudney c. Acres ? 4 Day b. Acres ? 0 not out ... ._ 1 Yonng b. Acres ? 8 b. Lawton ? 10 Bridgeman c Padney ... „. 0 b. Hopkins— ... 0 Barrett b. Lawton ... ^2 b. Lawton ? 0 isae ? -. 7 st. Hopkins ... 3 J. Acres ? „. 3 b.' Acres ? 0 Byes ? 6 leg byes ? 3 Wides ? 1 wfdes ? 4 ByeB ? 5 ) Total ... .„ ... 41 Total ? 37 Mr. James Bonwick, formerly of Adelaide, and who lately occupied the position of Inspector of Schools in Melbourne, and who is also known as the author of several useful school books, has issued another small elementary work entitled 'Astronomy for Young Australians.' It appears, the Herald Bays, to be lucidly written, and no doubt will be found of much value by the class to whom it is specially addressed. A correspondent calls our attention to the petition recently presented to the House of Assembly by one of the members for West Torrens, from the men working on the permanent lines of railway. Our correspondent urges that the men receive less wageB than any employer in Adelaide gives, besides which they have to work the line on Sundays for nothing, and he hopes that the hon. member who presented the petition will take further action in the matter. At the last meeting of the Committee of the Horti cultural and Florieultural Society it was stated that the sum of £52 15s. was taken at the doors on the occasion of the previous show. Mr. Driffield suggests that in future shows a cottagers' clasB should be added, and we think the suggestion a very useful one, as it would greatly encourage the cultivation of small garden plots by the working classes. It is supposed that there would be some difficulty in deciding who are and who are not cottagers, but we imagine the difficulty could be as easily surmounted here as in England, where the plan is found to work admirably. We are sorry to find that the funds of this popular Society have not enabled the Committee to pay the prizes awarded, which is a circumstance much to be regretted. Upwards of £60 remain due to prize exhibitors at last year's show, and it is decided to pay these arrears before paying the prizes awarded at the show last held. It having been proposed to hold a special rose show in October, the Society agree to do so, provided the promoters of the show guarantee £20 towards the expenses. In consequence of some mis understanding, it has been deemed desirable to effect; a change in the Secretaryship. On Monday evening the members of the Norwood Young Men's Association met for the purpose of reciting, &c;, as is usual every 'quarter. The President (Mr. R. Wells) opened the proceedings by remarking that elocution would never make an orator ; that he looked upon it as a boyish amusement, and that it was not the art of committing pieces to memory that made the speaker. He then called upon Mr. Q-. Watts, who recited 'Celadon and Amelia' in a pleasing manner; Messrs. J. Denby and G-. Watts — 'Hamlet and the Ghost.' This, with the excep tion of a slight failing in memory, was well de livered. Messrs. Ot. Gtooden and A. Wells — 'Scene from 'Merchant of Venice,'1 and 'The Meeting of Launcelot G-obbo and bis Father,' Mr. A. Day ; ' The Double Transformation,' Mr, J. Z. Sellar ; and, lastly, 'The Rivals in Love,' by Messrs. A. Wells and G-. G-ooden. This last, being cleverly delivered and of an amusing nature, kept the audience in a continual state of laughter. Mr. E. G-. Day then proposed a vote of thanks to the young gentlemen who had contributed so largely towards the evening's amusement, and said he noticed a great improvement in the style of delivery. Mr. J. Z. Sellar seconded, and also acknowledged the improvement. A vote of thanks to the Presi dent closed the proceedings. The Army and Navy Gazette contains the follow ing information : — ' The new military arrangements suggested by the Colonial Office for the Australian Colonies, exclusive of New Zealand, have been made public. It is proposed to allot in future 15 com panies of infantry, consisting of one entire regiment and the head-quarters wing of another regiment, in the following proportions : — New South Wales, four companies, about 19 officere, 340 men ; Queensland, one company, about three officers, 88 men ; Victoria, five companies, about 22 officers, 423 men; Tas mania, three companies, about 11 officers, 249 men ; South Australia, two companies, about six officers, 166 men ; being a total strength of 1,327 of all ranks. The four companies in New South Wales and the single company in Queensland will probably be a wing of a regiment, of which the other wing will be in New Zealand. Another regiment will in that case furnish the 10 companies in Victoria, Tasmania, and South Australia. The colonists have been asked to eontribute payment of £40 per man actually maintained up to this strength ; but the scheme still remains uncompleted, owing to a hitch on the part of the Colonial Parliament.' We understand that the proceeds of the late Poultry Show will about pay the expenses, and that another show will be held in the early part of January next. We are informed that the annual matches at the City Baths, which have been so successful for the past two years through the activity of Mr. Bastard in col lecting the necessary funds, and Mr. Penney as Secre tary, are to be resumed, under the auspices of the South Australian Swimming Club, early in November, Mr. Primrose having accepted the challenge of Mr. DoBwell for the Champion Belt. This is likely to be a well-contested race. Other matches will be shortly announced in our advertising columns. A petition has been presented to the House of Assembly from 47 owners and occupiers of land in the district of Myponga, stating that £3,000 was voted for a jetty near the mouth of the Myponga river, which was erected for £2,700, after which it was found necessary to build a bridge over the river to make the jetty available ; but the sum voted was not sufficient, and the bridge aad approaches were left in an unfinished state. A large portion of the district being Crown lands, the district being small, and the funds collected by the District Council inadequate to deal with this undertaking without help, the peti tioners pray for a vote of £100 to assist in the com pletion of the work. On Tuesday evening as Mr. C. H. Sayers's son was driving a buggy, containing himself and two brothers from bis house in Franklin-street towards Currie street, and when near the Golden Fleece, the vehicle was ran into by a horse and cart driven by Mr. P. Lamb. Two of the lads were thrown out instantly, but the one who had the reins held v on for a second, when the two shafts split short off at the cross-trees, and thus brought the buggy to the ground with its remaining occupant. We are glad to say no injury was sustained by any of the lads, except a slight scratch on the knee of one of them. The accident was witnessed by several bystanders, who all pro nounced it to be a very narrow escape. The return match between the Hope Valley German Rifle Club and the Teatree Gully Volunteer Rifles came off on Thursday, the 22nd instant, on the ground of the latter at Teatree Gully. The volun teers fired with the Enfield, and the Hope Valley Club with the German rifle. Mr. Linde, however, used a Whitworth. The shooting was good. The weather was favourable, and the following was the soore : — Teatree Guixy. 200 yards. 200 yards. Stanaing. Any position. Captain Haines... ...33222 12 03220 7 Uentenant Smart ... 2 2 2 2 2 10 20323 10 Sergeant Collins ... 23033 11 22004 s Private Roberts... ... 02222 8 33223 13 Tregeagle ? 32222 u 3*334 1? Duncan ? 22222 10 32322 12 MiUt ? 2 2 3 2 2 11 2 2 3 2 2 11 Coulter ? 2 2 3 3 2 12 3 2 3 2 3 13 Smart ? 4 2 2 2 4 14 3 2 2 2 0 » FouliS ? 0 0 0 2 0 2 4 3 2 3 3 15 101 115 Making a grand total of 216. Hope Vaixet German Rifle Club. 200 yards. 200 yards. Standing. Any position. Mr. Mannke ... ... 4 4 4 3 2 17 3 4 2 3 3 is Bunzert ? 23322 12 32332 13 Etunke, sen. ... 22203 9 33433 is Ey ... .„ ...22020 6 33232 13 Ehmke, Jan. ... 22 4 2J0 10 3 3 2 3 2 13 Iankani ? 23222 11 33323 14 Wohlera ... —23322 12 33333 is Lamcke ? 33342 is 22200 e Kolwes ? 3 2 3 2 3 12 3 3 2 3 4 15 IJnde ... _ 42322 r13 2 4 2 3 3 14 114 134 Grand total, 248. The Germans were the winners by 32 points. After the match the competitors were invited to a lunch by Captain Haines. Various toasts were given and responded to, and the company separated at an early hour. We are informed by Mr. J. B. Smith, Secretary to the Horticultural and Floricultural Society, that he does not intend to resign his Secretaryship. He offered to resign in consequence of remarks made at the last committee meeting, but his resignation as then tendered not being accepted, he has now decided to retain his position and contest the next election. A bazaar in aid of the building fund of the Alberton Baptist Chapel was opened on Tuesday, September 27, in the new Grammar School, Port-road. There was a good display of articles exhibited for sale, con sisting of works of art, fancy works, children's cloth ing, &C;,, and a large variety of useful and ornamental goods. Throughout both days the attendance was numerous, on Tuesday's proceeds amounting to £64. 11s. At a special meeting of the City Council, held on the 28th inst., the competitors' answers as to the drainage plans, &c.;, furnished the Council were con sidered; but, being lengthy, were postponed. By laws 31 to 40, laid before the Council at last meeting, were read, amended, and, after discussion, adopted. Tenders were received for street-watering in Rundle Btreet, and John Conway's accepted, at £10 7s. 6d. per month. Invitations have been issued by Mr. J. Davis, Bundle-street, to the various Young Men's Societies held in association with the City Congregational Churches, to a soiree, to'be held in the spacious room, over his establishment in Bundle- street. Arrange ments are being made to make the gathering pleasant Mid entertaining to alL A well attended meeting of colonial manufacturers was held at the Terminus Hotel, North-terrace, on Wednesday evening, in reference to further threatened proceedings by the plaintiff in the case of Dixon v. Champion, when resolutions were passed to' support the defendants in defeading auch proceedings if taken, and if unsuccessful to apply to Parliament for an alteration in ths law with reference to nuisances as ' applied to factories. About £30 was collected in the room towards a fund to support the movement. Messrs. Macondray & Co., of San Francisco, .' writing to a Sydney firm under date 1st July, give ' the following reason for returning the Dashing Wave with a cargo of lumber : — ' Our new crop, that is what there is of it, will come in in about two weeks from this, but prices we do not think will change ? much from what they are at present. Had there been any prospect of grain going much lower we would have kept the Dashing Wave here for a month or so, to take advantage of the decline. We do not think, however, that prices will go lower, and should the crop not come up to expectations, of course prices will at once be advanced ?' The following letter from another San Francisco house is addressed to a Melbourne firm : — ' San Francisco, July 8, 1864. Dear Sirs — Since we addressed you our market shows increased firmness. Very little grain is offering, and our millers are eager buyers of all they can get. The farmers and dealers seem all to be strengthened in their opinion that we have not enough for our own wants, and that we shall have to import flour either from New York or Chili. We quote to-day — Super- fine flour, quarter-sacks, 8 doL to 8£ doL ; do., half sacks, 7dol. 75 c; extra do., quarter-sacks, 8 do!. 75 c. to 9doL ; do., half-sacks, 8 dol. 25 c. to 8% dol. Wheat, 2 dol. 87£ c. to 2 dol. 95 c. ; barley, new, 3 dol. 45 c. to 3 doL 53 c. ; do., old, 3 dol. 67 J- c. to 3 dol. 70 c. ; oats, 3 doL (Any speculation or export demand would at once enhance these quotations.) We consider that all export business must now slop till we have the crop of 1865 to work on. We are» dear Sirs, your obedient servants, Watkins, Bell, and Co.' The Sydney Morning Herald announoes the death of the Bev. John Manton. The rev. gentleman was president of the Wesleyan Collegiate Institute at New ington, and was formerly for many years president of Horton College, Tasmania. He was one of the oldest Wesleyan ministers in the Australian colonies. The Melbourne papers do not as yet contain any detailed account of the ' affair' at Echuca between the Victorian and New South Wales officials. The Argus has the following statement of the causes of the dispute: — 'The subject-matter lies in a nutshell. That the New South Wales Government proposes, now that the Victorian bank of the Murray is reached by rail, to levy border dutieB. is not our grievance. We have no earthly right to object to that, however unpleasant; but our neighbors set up an absolute claim to the river itself, and to supreme control over the vessels and goods that float on its beneficient bosom. The ugly aspect of the case is that they say, in effect, that the river is theirs, and goods carried thereon dutiable to them. This right is contested by our own Government; but none the less were we warned that on and after yesterday their alleged rights would be put in force, even unto confiscation of goods and vessels. Rumour was rife yesterday that our Government intended- to take such action as should put this colony in a .proper position ; and though it was almost at thevlast moment that any thing was done, yet some steps have been taken to give effect to our denial of the right of the New South Wales Government to interfere with Victorian goods not brought to nor landed on their shores. By the noon train to Sandhurst, yesterday, Mr. Police-Inspector Hare and six constables started for Echuca, and we learn that their errand is to protect Victorian property, if unrighteously interfered with. it would seem that, if our neighbours' claim is to be asserted in all its integrity, some sort of clash is in evitable. One effect wul probably be that a definite issue will be joined, and the Imperial Government appealed to for a decision.' We extract the following from the agricultural report of the Melbourne Argus of the 22nd inst. : — ' The price of flour has been rising again during the last few days, but the movement would appear to be altogether speculative on the part of holders. This last rise appears to have been based on the statement made in a letter published at Sydney, to the effect that these colonies must be left almost without flour before the end of the year unless supplies are forth coming from England and the eastern States of America to a much greater extent than we have at present reason to expect, and that we have very little flour on hand here, with the prospect of getting; little more from South Australia. These statements are backed up with messages from Sydney, stating that the harvest in California had commenced, with the certainty of the wheat gathered being only enough to make good the home consumption of the year when added to the surplus remaining on hand from last ; but this statement again is declared to be untrue and altogether opposed to the advices received, which have had no effect in advancing the prices at Sydney. Thus the advance here would not seem to have been, very well grounded, and the rise of prices in Adelaide is, of course, consequent on the advance here. The stocks remaining on hand there for exportation can not now be large, but the estimates of these have always proved hitherto to be much below the reality, and it must not be forgotten that harvest will be com mencing in little more than two months. The crops are Baid to promise very well at present, most of the districts having had plenty of rain, warm weather being alone required to bring them on rapidly, and that would appear to have set in during the last few days. The up-country demand for flour continues steady here, as there is* little or no wheat remaining r n any one of the agricultural districts,' n cr o 