^ DISTRESS IN THE AGRICULTURAL DISTRICTS, ' THÏ following ii the Pastoral Letter of Archbishop Folding, addressed to tho Catholic clergymen under his charge, and ordered to be read in the Catholic . churches, and subscriptions raised on behalf of those " suffering fronvtho blighted harvest and the floods i ' of this prcscAtcar of our Lord, 1884. ' Í'ÍDBAIIIY^HBOVED CmuiitcN IN JESUS CHRIST, . .'" He that lovflth not his brother, whom ho seèth, ' T how coil he love God whom he seeth not." . .. " Qui non^jligit fratrem suum quern videt, Deuin quem non view, quomödo polest diligere ?"-1 Ep. Jonnnis.'c. iv.(J> '20. . .: ' Aueae ^simple tuçrcu woran oí nie oeiovea Apostle-^hoW they'Btir our hearts! St. John, .' likehedM the eagle for the sublimity of his doc- trine cqMerning the great mysteries known to man only through Divine Revelation in the Church of ., Christ ¡ St John, the seer of Apocalyptic Visions concerning tho future of the Church ¡ St. John who leaned on our Lord'B breast when the treachery of . Judas and of Judos like men, was heavy on his spirit ; St. John to whom the mother of Jesus was given by^er son at that supreme moment of His passion ; ? St John who was so much, and had seen eb iriuch,-what is the sum of the doctrine he ' preaches with so much earnestness and frequency t Nothing (liflicidt to understand, nothing hard to Î>raotisc for the princely spirit of simple truth and ove, nothing that needs or provokes discussion, " that wo love one another, as He hath given com . mandracut unto us," ut dili gamiu aUentlrunt, aient dtdit tnandatum nobis ! Ana then, that there may be no mistake, no self- deceit, no resting in more impulse and worm feeling, he shows in those simple, ? keen, luminous words that we have just recalled to | ¡ '. your.memory, how we may know tho truth about i- ourselves, whether we are genuine Christian ? men, or worldly,- iself-dccelved deceivers. He that loveth not his brother whom ho sceth, how can he love God whom he seeth not." What a changed ' world this would be, dearly beloved, if men would ':'? bc guided by such a rule and motive as is here im ' plied l iii all thc terrible prospect that seems to lie ui thÍB world's future, in all the sin and misery that are darkening it at this moment, we should still rejoice in gleams of the Divine presence, if we . could see, even here and there, men proving their love to God by consistent persevering love of their ' fellows. How light then comparatively would bo ' the fears of wars and earthquakes and tempest j ' How much less should we be troubled by the sordid trickeries and schemes of politicians ; how much ' less should we be disheartened by the real misery of the sins and infidelities, sacrileges, that abound, '. if we walk more diligently with our eyes fixed on \- this plain bright path, troced for us by the beloved ' disciple. ' And indeed there aro thank God, those . . ' : who walk in this path Who they are, and how ' many, or how few they may be, we do not know, nor is it necessary we should. One thing only ia -.necessary, that each one of you should take care to be in it himself. The judgments of God are upon the earth, but whether they shall be to us judgments of réprobation and destruction, or thc ' chastisements and warnings of God's tender love, this rests upon your correspondence with God'e grace! And, in view of these judgments, our' best and safe course is to look simply what may have been . ' our own share in provoking them. It is not always ? wherethey'seem to fall heaviest that they are mosl deserved, that there is the heaviest guilt. Suffering \- in this world is not the final reckoning. Whethei then such'calamities as the blighted harvest in one part of our colony, and the devastation of. rloodi m another, are judgments of a national kind, di ,v rec ted against our guiltiness as a nation, and ii " what degree;they are so, it is less profitable am necessáry to inquire than to examincwhn't our owi individual sins of omission and commission ma1 have been. It may well be, that as a colony wi haye boen arrogant and boastful, neglectful of Got and of God's service, training our children well am carefully for the gain ahd service of Mammon, bu leaving their education fotyGod, sb far as the colon' ¡is concerned, to iqcUriduaLjicglect, or incapacity we- may- have the weight of old ' cruelties t< bond-servants about our necks, -wo may hnvi the blood : of aboriginal inhabitants on om hands;.' God knows (may He be mercifu to us) how much as a colony we have sinnec inr this wisc. , I do not say that at this seasor of truly penitential _ thoughts you should ' entirely .pass over such considerations as these. There .are .''?'. blessings that we enjoy as a community, as a nation andi doubtless there are sins also that wc have com ; . mitted'as á community, and there is an inheritance ol , sins;' :But, Dearly Belove 'mt I have to say to yov ? on this point is mainly this. Look each ono ot you tc himself. Seo lest any worldliness, any pride, anj selfishness, any hardheartedness, any irreverence; : any sensuality, any neglect of spiritual, interests- ii: ^yourself, may have contributed to the mass of ? guilt that at length brings down'on man-the visible angel . of God. ' This is your care.. And do not be' conten with looking at sins of commission . only. - Sins > "omission are weighty and: deadly. Have, you no duties to the community in which you live 'as wei as to thc'individuals who compose it fV Ah ! it is i fearful reckoning when;-honestly. look;¿»;j,i¿; "mi B^iîiïl%X-^*'-winBT^è^Vd »ce God' OTico and niercy behind arid above' all. You hay Influence, mote or . less ', oh the national acts, th Government, and character of the .colony; has tho "influence;Tgöno'/.to ! Christianise : or to degrade am make heathen those .acts, -and that Government Hearken in.'thesei points also to your Christian: con science. ??''> :''?,: .- . /'?. ':': " Dearly Beloved, I have suggested so far th uses that may be .made of our . calamities, or-e those; of our friends and neighbours, as' matter t ^'examination, and self-abasement ..for. Lent ;'but ?-.-;. have now'to ask for the fruits of your faith, tl . nlnis that will give wings tb your prayers.. And ask with some cemfidence that you -Will be, genero' in aiding those who aro now suffering so.. heavil I .'cannot here give you details of the loss ai wretchedness which so many in the inscrutat providence of God are enduring, but it is unneee saryj for the public prints have informed you, ai they are matters of common sympathy and conve sation. . ¡"And what you have before t done . fills ' ii with thankfulness and hope-you have given yoi money freely to relieve 'distress throughout tl world. England, Ireland, Franco, 'India, all ha' been helped and comforted by your Christian dev rion, true devotion of St. John S' kind, the .love God that is seen in the love of your brothren. Ye . will not fail, nor' shame 'me now ; you will aga honour your Catholic nonie'arid faith, The cry distress comes not liowv from distant Donegal, i Lancashire, or Hindostán,.but from the near home the familiar names of Camden and Maitland. Whi the alms of your charity have reached to tho cxtr mitiesof tho world, tliey must.not be paralysi i here, at what is to you ri centre. There is an ord in charity,-and though it should never cease to gie -: "-wherever there aro mon to struggle and suffer,- y '.?:.-? it should bo moro intense in proportion ns' theü'à! J -' ..'wise-trovidence of God . has- 'plated': its pbjee . - nearer to us in duty or place. They are the voices . ' r friends and Idnsfolk tliat. are calling upon' us. J we arc now. crying to God for mercy upon oursely< ? let us givo an uttcntive^eai to their misery. It ' Very 'deep, very overwhelming in its nature., He ' is no~fijilure of a mercantile venture, no disappoii ??'.'.. meut bf-'a gaftibling speculation, but destruction the righteous hopes of honest, hard, patierit laboi Tho toils and anxieties of many homes, of parei and children together labouring, are utterly lc God has withheld from them their harvest. AVI is it P Is it that He is deaf to their praye unthoughtful of their labours f No, but it is tl l am speaking to Christians, and you will understt me. lie would have you supply to your brctli by your gifts the harvest that has failed in the or of nature, and He would gain for Himself a ap tual harvest in the works of your Christian faith ¡ love, So will there have been this year two harv instead of one, and that in an especial manner the greater glory of God. You will do your ] well" and tho calamity of your friends and fell .countrymen Mill be transformed into ablessing. ' labours of the husbandman requiring, os they patience, industry, foresight, and trust in the fut call more than other earthly employments upon , sympathy when they are disappointed of t results. It seems almost BS if hünible faith in course of God's Providence hod'received a sh The comriion lot of humanity,'thnt man should i Ids bread by.tho sweat of his brow, is at all times 1 erinughito b'e'boriic, how much more .this airlie that God'has laid upon "our brethren! Their .their patience, their corly and late .'anxiety, allia . rive. They have laboured, but so far in vain'; food and clothing for themselves and their chil all gone ; in some places considerable debt has ' incurred for tho fruitlcss.Beed,.and the future ia kened beyond the, present distress., The elem themselves, tho ordinary sources of benediction i human toil, have been hostile to those who. deserved-..'we''-ordinary,.reward ; of ' their obet labour at least as well ha we,. ?'? '?''":. " It is a mystery, until we remember that God has not left us to tho elements of material nature ' alone. He has planted in us, in our hearts, other elements which, in His plan and intention, are to complete and correct the operation of those others. Compassion, kindliness, the instincts of brotherhood aro His gifts us well as those higher gifts of Chris- tian grace, and all these are in'.ended to heal and remedy the hurts tlmt our brethren have received from the viewless blight, and the resistless flood. Do you then show that you interpret aright the designs of God, and accept the occasion He offers you. . Dry up as you may the bitter tears, and give new hope and courage to failing hearts. Sanctify your fast of Lent by a work that God has eminently chosen for such a nurnase. It mnv be that vour ready openhanded liberality in this emergency will give a spiritual faithfulness to your. season of peni- tence, and an Easter joy such as you have never gained before. And, if any of you should per- chance yourselves be wearing your lives under the weight and gloom of some providential chastisement, come forward the more eagerly, and help the suffer- ing, and so our God may look graciously and speedily on you also in your time of need. These aro words that He Himself says to you, and such as you, for all time; "When thou shalt pour out thy soul"-; it_ is, you see, no cold unsympnthising gift, no stinted measure that He calls for-" When thou shalt pour ont thy soul to the hungry, and shall satisfy tlie afflicted soul, then shall thy light rise up in darkness, and thy darkness shall be as the noonday." May He, the giver of every good gift, inspire and bless youi-alms. "The grace of our Lord'Jesus Christ, and tho charity of God, and tho communion of the Holy Ghost, be with yon alL Amen." . . ., ? " X JOHN BEDU, Archbishop of Sydney.'v " St. Mary's Cathedral, March 4th." . . In accordance vyjth'the above Pastoral .Letter,': a Mary's Cathearal, " to devise ana put in' practice the best means of raising subscriptions in aid of those who are suffering from distress from tho failure of the' harvest and from ..floods." Arch- bishop Folding occupied the chair, and nearly three hundred persons were present, amongst .whom were a large number of tho clergy and some of the leading lay members of tho Roman Catholic Church. £130 were collected for the sufferers. ; was held on Tuesdai St 