LAYING THE CORNER STONE OF ST. THOMAS'S CHURCH, SORELL. (From a Correspondent of the Hobart Town Mercury.) The corner stone of the above new Church was, in accordance with pre vious advertisements, solemnly laid by the Right Rev. the Catholic Bishop of Hobart Town, on Wednesday, the 20th inst. The day was fine and sunshining throughout, though early in the morn ing there appeared, to the great disap- pointment of many, every indication that the day would be wet. About 11 o'clock the Bishop and the Clergymen, who accompanied him, arrived from Richmond, where they remained the previous night at the residence of the Rev. W. J. Dunne, and at once pro- ceeded to the site upon which the Church is being built, where a little tent was appropriately erected for the purpose of vesting themselves in, and disrobing themselves of their clerical garments. At the same time the town ship was all astir, and from every avenue leading thereto could be seen the inhabitants of the surrounding dis tricts wending their way towards it with all possible speed. Every avail able vehicle, from the one generally used for agricultural purposes, to the chaise and dog cart seemed to have been put into requisition on the occa sion. Very many ladies were grace fully mounted on horseback and pre ceded, in their speed, the gentlemen who accompanied them. Present on the church ground pre viously to the commencement of the ceremony, were the Rev. W. J. Dunne, Rev. M. Keohan (Oatlands), Rev. Jus. Hogan (Westbury), Rev. E. C. Marum (Jerusalem), Revs. C. P. Woods, and P. O. Meara (Hobart Town), William Hodgson, Esq., M.H.A., W. Race Allison, Esq., M.H.A., Robert Blyth, Esq., Warden of Sorell, F.Allison, Esq., J.P., E. Moore, Esq., J.P., G. Marshall, Esq., J.P., and the Messrs. Marshall, Dr. Coverdale, Warden of Bichmond, William Kearney, Esq., J.P., Mrs. Reardon, Messrs. Gunn, Miss Gunn, Mrs. Allison, Mr. Allanby, Mrs. Allanby, Mrs. Philips and family, Mr. Mrs. and Miss Hardiman, Mrs. Hildyard, Mr. and Mrs. Bingham, Mr. and Mrs. Walch, Mr. and Miss Murphy, Mr. Hunter, Miss Hunter, Miss Fennessy, Mr. and Miss McGowan, Mr. and Mrs. McCullagh, Mr. Alexander Laing, and a great number of all classes of the community. At about 12 o'clock the ceremony com- menced. The Bishop and Clergy walking in procession from the tent proceeded to the place designed for the altar where a wooden cross had been set up the pre vious day, and sprinkled with water wliich was previously blest, tbe Clergy in the meanwhile chanting the 83rd psalm. His Lordship afterwards addressed a few observations to his audience explanatory of the great importance of the work he was about to commence, and also of the use of the latin language in the ceremonies of the Catholic Church. 'As the Church' he said, ' taught a heavenly doctrine which was not subject to change, and which was intended to be preached to, and be known in all nations, it was right that her language should be that which would not be subject to change, aud which would be known and spoken throughout the entire world, of which character the latin language was?' He then blessed the first stone in the usual form, sprinkled it with the blest water, and taking the trowel in his hand, marked it with the sign of the cross, saying, "In the name of the Father, and of the Sou, and of the Holy Ghost." The litany of the saints was next chanted, after which the stone was solemnly laid. Within the stone was placed a bottle, containing the current coin of the present reign, and also a piece of parchment, containing the following inscription, as translated from the latin :— ' In the name of the most holy and undivided Trinity, Father, Son, aud Holy Ghost, the first stone of this Church of St. Thomas the Apostle, was laid by Robert William, Bishop of Hobart Town ; Pius the IX. being Roman Pontiff: Victoria L, Reigning Queen ; Colonel Thomas Gore Browne, Governor of the Colony ; Robert Blyth, first Warden of the Municipality of Sorcll ; Rev. William John Dunne, Pastor in these parts ; and Henry Hunter, Esquire, Architect, on this 20th day of April, 1864.' The foundations were afterwards sprinkl ed throughout with the blest water, and finally His Lordship preached a very im pressive sermon on the advantages to be derived from a church consecrated to the worship of God, and the blessings it is in strumental in conferring upon the com munity at large. Before the congregation departed a collection was made ia aid of the building fund, and the sum of £32 7s 04 was contributed, every one present, young and old, giving his mite, and de positing it upon the corner stone. A large booth which was tastefully erected in the vicinity of the Police Office, and over which the Union Jack floated in the breeze, became at this time the centre of attraction. Thitherwards every one di rected his steps. A luncheon was prepared therein for all persons who would partake of it, without distinction or exception; and, for the abundance and excellent quality of every thing provided — and every thing was grauitously provided by the people of Sorcll and Pittwatcr— and for the taste displayed in arranging the various dishes on the long-extended board, which liter ally groaned beneath them ; it excited the surprise and admiration of every beholder, who might truly say with the post — 'Though my siottach wai fltiarp, I could scarce help re^rcttiog To spoil sue!) a delicate picture by eating.' Across the end of the booth a table was laid, at which the Bishop occupied f the chair : the Wee chair was occupied bv the Kev. W. J. Dunne. At his lordship's right sat W. Hodgson, Esq, Dr Blyth, Warden, and Councillors Allison and Moore, and on his left, Dr Coverdale, Wm. Race Allison, Esq, G. Marshall, Esq, W. Kearney, Esq, and soon the whole booth became' lined at cither sides of the table, with a multitude of as happy faces a§ one could wish to behold. Could Goldsmith but here have seen so happy a multitude, his wish would indeed have been fully re alised. ' And oft I wish nmldit the scone'lo find Some spjt t'- real happiness consigned, Wliore my worn soul each wandering liope at rest. May father bliss to scj my follows Mesl.' The board sparkled with champagne and wine of the best quality, aud ale, tea, coffee, ic, were also supplied abundantly as beverages. In the greatest order did those who had taken lunch give place to those who had not, and for several hours parties continued to succeed parties until all present had taken refreshment. The school boys, who kept holiday and played a} football, were not forgotten in the cud. Many a pie and many a pudding were annihilated in their presence in the course of the evening. Towards the conclusion of the feast, Dr Blyth rose, aud, in very eloquent terms, propjsed the health ;of the Right Reverend the Catholic Bishop of Jiobart Town. He said it was his good fortune, now many years ago, to take a long voyage in company with his lordship, and at that time contracted an affection for him, which, he was proud to say, had ever since continued. He was glad to meet him that day in Sorell, for though -he was born a Protestant, and hoped to die a Protestant, ho had no prejudices against the Roman Catholic Church, wliich he believed to be an elder sister of his own. Of the number of Catholics in the district ho was not aware, but ho believed they were in want of a church, aud he was proud to sec they had com menced to erect one. The Bishop, who on rising was greeted with great applause, said ho was taken by surprise, but felt, however, gratified that an opportunity of acknowledging the attention and kindness which were shown him that day was afforded him. He fully reciprocated the affectionate feeling enter tained for him by Dr Blyth, and always felt proud to esteem him as his friend. The respectful manner of every one, even tho little children who attended that day, at perhaps a tedious ceremony, struck him as most remarkable, and as to tho lunch prepared on that occasion, he never saw it equalled in the course of a long life. How beautiful it was to see suck harmony aud kiudly feeling existing among them, That was religion, to lore one another. He thanked them exceed- 1 iugly for their great kindness to him. j After a pause his Lordship rose again and said he wished to propose a toast, which fortunately did not require many words to commend it to their approbation. He proposed the health of Mr. Hodgson, the member for SorelL He was not a \ man of words, but ho was a man of sound sense, of sterling honesty, and entire independence. Mr. Hodgson, who was received with much cheering, said he felt much flatter ed by the good opinion which the Bishop of Hobart Town expressed of him. It was certainly always his wish to do what was right between man and man, his principle of action being to do unto others as he would wish others to do unto him. He was glad to see the people of Sorell act together so cordially as they did on that occasion To any one who supposed that they could not be got to act harmoniously together, they ave that day a flat contradiction, and he was very much gratified to observe such harmony amongst them. The health of the Rev. Mr. Dunne was next proposed in a very graceful and cnlogistic speech by Dr. Coverdale, Warden of Richmond. Rev. Mr. Dunne, who was very warmly received, said,— He felt thankful, cxtreme y thankful, for the compliment paid him by his friend Dr. Coverdale in proposing his health, aud to the ladies aud gentle men, present, for the cordial manner in which they had responded to it. He felt, indeed, the more thankful, as he was conscious he merited not tbe overfiatter ing terms which had been used towards him, Thankful however, as he felt for the compliment paid to him personally, ho was far more 80 for tho respect aud the honor which the people of Sorell aud Pittwater paid that day to his Bishop, and to the rev. and other gentlemen who visited them at his invitation. They showed respect for them, aud honored them in an extraordinary manner. To what other feeling than that of respect could he ascribe the assembling together of such numbers from all parts of tbe district, and the respectful demeanor by which their conduct was marked. To what other feeling could he attri bute the preparation of the magni ficent banquet to which they were treated, a banquet which comprised everything that was substantial, every thing that was exquisite, aud everything that could please the eye or gratify the palate, a banquet, the component parts of which were contributed gratuitously by Protestants and Catholics alike (cheers.) An act like that must have sprung from the most generous and most nnble im pulses of the human heart and redounded to the honor of those by whom it was performed. He congratulated tlie people of Sorell and Pittwater, upon their display of such kind, and such liberal and such generous feelings. To every individual who contributed even the smallest particle of that splendid feast, he was a debtor, aud tendered his warmest and heartiest thanks. Moreover, he thanked them for the encouragement they gave him in the important work which he had undertaken. When the corner stone of the new Church was laid in so favorable circumstances, it might well be hoped that its completion would be brought to a successful accom plishmeut. The collection that day received, amounted to £32 7s. Gd., for which bo felt exceedingly obliged, Again, and again he thanked them for their kindness always to him, ami particularly on that day. He hoped at the opening of the Church, they would all meet again, at all events, that they would all enjoy good health, and, in the meantime, pos sess every cointort and happiness. It was far advanced in tlie afternoon, when the Bishop, and other gentlemen with him, retired from a place where every one seemed to be happy. The principal credit of so successful an under taking, is due to Mr. R. Fitzsimons, who was, however, heartily aided in his labors by Mr. aud Mrs. Walsh, Mrs. Hildyard, aud others, — 'Blest be those feasts with simple plenty crowned, Where all the ruddy family around, Laugh at the jests or pranks that never fail, Or 6igh with pity at some mournful tale, Or press the bashful stranger to his food, And learn the luxury of doing good.' 