MONTHLY LETTER TO OUR HOME READERS. Mail Office, Castlemaine. Feb. 23rd, 1864. Following in the beaten track which most colonial journals have pursued for years past, we have hitherto, on the departure of each Mail steamer for England, prepared a " Summary " of news — political. mining agricultural, and miscellaneous— for the edi fication of our friends at the other side of the globe. We have very good reason to think, however, that these "summaries" (in the case of all Victorian journals) have not been made so acceptable as they might have been, and that their exactness has amounted to tediousness to such an extent as to render them distasteful to "those of you who are not afflicted with a positive greed for Australian politics — and these, we imagine, are not very numerous. For the future, then, we shall content ourselves — studying what we take to be the taste of the majority — with a simple "letter," in review of the chief occurrences of the month. We shall not tie ourselves down to any strict rules as to chronological order and precedence, but merely promise to give you those items of interest which, as being the lighter, naturally float on the surface of the monthly tide. Of course it is necessary that we sbould tell you something about the progress of political events since you last heard from us. You will remember that then Parliament was on then eve of re-assembling for a short session previous to the dissolution, and that that everlasting bugbear the Land-question was to form the chief ingredient of the dainty dish prepared by Ministers during the recess. Well, our " potent, grave, and reverend signiors " did meet, at the invitation of the new Governor, Sir Charles Darling, and after the usual formalities had been dis posed of they set to work with a vigour and earnestness which was in every way com mendable. The vice-regal speech was as clever a little piece of frothy nothingness as it would be possible to devise. It was a speech and nothing else. There were no prominent pegs upon which the most captious members ot the "outs" could hang an argument in condemnation of the "ins," and seeing that there was nothing to talk about, the Opposi tion wisely held their tongues, and voted the address as a matter of course. Our gushing Treasurer, Mr Verdon,— a young man, by the way, of excellent parts, and eminently calculated to make a figure among colonial statesmen, — most unexpectedly con trived to prove to the country that instead of being on the verge of insolvency, as the creakers had announced, and the quid-nuncs brooded over, we are positively in a more flourishing condition financially than we have ever yet been; and that, in fact, while it is proposed to expend large sums of money on Public Works during the present year, there is no need of additional taxation. Those of you who take interest in our growing prosperity will at least be gratified with this couleur-de-rose announcement. As for the "estimates," why the House made positively light of them in the face of such a well filled treasury, and voted the public money "hand over fist" — before, indeed, any time had been allowed for their discussion by the country press. The fact is that all were anxious to come to the real business of the session, the chief feature of which, as we have already told you, was Mr Heales's bill to amend these troublesome land laws of ours. This measure, when it was first announced and explained in brief, was well received by the majority of parties and the people. It proposed a plan by which agriculturists, yeoman farmers, and even the squatters them- selves might become freeholders on very easy terms, and without materially interfer ing with the interests of either class. This Land Bill is now the main bone of content tion, as land measures always will be. All kinds of faults have been discovered, and already the representatives have commenced the formation of what we call here a " corner," that is to say a clique consisting of those who either from indecision or from ulterior motives detach themselves from the Minis- terial or the Opposition sides of the House. You will see therefore that the fate of the new Land Bill is still a' matter of doubt, and may even be in the end rejected by the majority. Under any circumstances it will be vigorously opposed in detail when before Committee, and Mr Heales will have all his work to do to keep the House in good tem per with his scheme. The dissolution is close upon us, and the next; important political feature will be the general election. Already constituencies are beginning to inquire as to "who is who ?" and intending candidates are exhibiting a. very warm interest in the affairs of the constituencies. These things, however, are precisely similar to what occur with you, and it is only waste of time to enlarge upon them. But you are anxious no doubt to learn what has transpired during the month within our own immediate circle. Well— we have been pretty busy in a variety of ways. In the first place there have been very startling disclosures as to the practices of one of the Banks with reference to the purchase and sale of gold. These dis closures, which have been made by a quondam gold-buyer for the Oriental Bank at Chewton (near Castlemaine), have excited the attention of the entire colony, and an investigation which is now pending is likely to result in a complete reformation of the system hitherto adopted by the Banks. Formerly, there existed a compact between the several banking corporations, by which a price agreed to by each was adopted ass the standard for purchasing from the diggers. One of the Banks thought fit to break through this understanding, and the consequence was that at least two of the local branches at Castle- maine entered into a competition, which raised the market price even above the intrinsic value. These banks offering the highest price, of coursee secured the largest quantity of gold, but as they were evidently buying at a loss all sorts of discreditable stratagems— as it is alleged— werere resorted to by one of the rivals to make the other suffer. Bars of gold are said to have been adulterated with base metal, and sold under fictitious names to the agents of the rival Bank ; and, in fact, if we are to believe all the state ments made, the practises of the "cute" manager resolved upon " sticking " his oppo nent, are nothing short of deliberate felony. The Banks, we must tell you, are, as a general rule, no great favourites with the up- country miners and merchants. There is a well-grounded suspicion that they are drags upon the com mercial prosperity of the provinces; blindly sacrificing all considerations of general interest to the temporary welfare of a few metropolitan capitalists. Yon can, therefore, understand how it is that a disclosure which seems to affect the credit of any one or more of the Banks is seized upon with so much avidity by those who owe these establishments no good will. But apart from this, the matter now under investi gation, and which has already taken the shape of an action for damages against the accuser — the gold-buyer at Chewton — is received by the entire community as a thing to be thoroughly sifted. Supposing that one of your chief banking corporations were to be suddenly charged with obtaining money under false pre tences, do you not think that, for the time at least, the commercial credit of the whole system would lie under a ban? And do you not be lieve that every one would feel an interest in seeing that the stain was wiped off by the punishment of the criminals? Of course you would. Therefore, you will quite understand how it is that accusations of deliberate and petty fraud having been publicly made against a large Banking Corporation or its agents, the whole colony should combine to insist upon a thorough investigation being made. This journal took upon itself the responsibility of bringing to light what is now generally known as " the gold-buying fraud," and we much mis take if you will not find that we have succeeded in putting, in the thin end of a wedge, which, if hammered at judiciously, will ultimately be the means of splitting up the rotten log — that is to say, the system under which heretofore the miners' gold has found its way to the British Mint to the undue enrichment of the Banks. However, we shall see. We can happily give you far better accounts of the condition of our gold-field since you last heard from Castlemaine. Several first-class escorts have been sent down to Melbourne, and,d, indeed, owing probably to the unusual supply off water during this season of the year, all parts of the diggings have worn a more active and prosperous appearance. One of our best quartz reefs, known as the "Ajax," obtained no less than 631oz from 180 tons of stone during one week, and in our immediate neighbourhood 100 tons yielded l,700oz, or £68 per ton! When you are made aware that the average and paying yield from the great Ballarat district is as low as 4 or 5dwt to the ton (according to the last official returns) you can form some idea of the magnitude of such results. It would take at least a page of type to recapitulate to you in detail the progress of each mine, but we may safely assert that the past month has been one of more than usual success. . No less than 8480 feet of new gold-bearing reefs have been taken up, and promise to be worked profitably. Besides this a large area of alluvial ground has been re- populated, and numbers of Chinese— those gleaners of the gold-fields— have returned to favourite spots within "view-hallo " of where we now write. But in connection with the gold mining inter est it would be impossible to select any subject which at the present time is more popular than that of the great Water Supply Scheme which is now under the consideration of the Govern- ment. Some of you may have heard of the pro ject ; however, a short reference to it may not bee out of place — or if you find it superfluous you can pass it over and come to the next item. The "Coliban Scheme, as it is called, has been initiated with the intention of leading from a great storage reservoir, to be constructed at a high level, and by means of open aqueducts, a large supply of water for the purpose, of mining, agricultural, and others of a domestic ahd sanatory nature, throughout this and the neighbouring districts, which conjointly represent the principal centres of the mining population . The surveys have already been made at.the expense of the State, and the works are now "actually staked out on the ground, so that nothing is wanting but the action of the Government or the money of the capitalists to carry out the project. You may depend upon it that neither the Castle maine people nor the residents of Sandhurst are unmindful of the tremendous benefits to arise from the completion of these splendid water works; and we can assure you that during the month they have not allowed the grass to grow under their feet in their endeavour to stir up the Government. Accordingly we have had a great Conference of representatives from all the local self-governing bodies — the mayors and Boroughgh Councils, the chairmen of Mining Boards and Road Boards, and other influential persons. This Conference was a kind of partnership affair between Castlemaine and Sandhurst, as thehe two centres, and having gone to work in a busi ness-like and energetic manner in the collection and abridgement of statistics bearing upon the subject of water supply, they at length met the Government in Melbourne as a deputation accere- : dited from the two districts. The result of this outside pressure has been to extract from the Government several implied promises which lead us to expect that it will not be long ere the great boon of permanent water supply will be ex tended to us. The Scheme itself is one which — if they were au fait to the particulars — would make some of your English capitalists smack their lips in anticipation of large dividends, to follow comparatively small investments. But the gene ral impression is that it will be better to urge the State to incur the outlay on account of these, works, and in this idea we agree, so far that if it be possible to arrange the finance in the face of the opposition that will be brought, to bear, and if it can be shown that the works will be speed ily put into execution, it. will save us the trouble and expense of an appeal to joint stock enterprise. We are nevertheless firmly of opinion that sooner or later the prosecution of the works will be entrusted to a public com pany, incorporated in such a manner as to se cure the interests of all parties, and guaranteeing a profit to investors. But you must not sup pose that we are so wrapped up in mining mat ters as to have no room for sympathy with other interests. On the contrary, agriculture and horticulture prosper with us, and grow with our years. The grain crops are just gathered, and the result is on the whole satisfactory. Some damage has been done to standing crops during the severe and changeable weather that has lately visited our neighbourhood, but not to an extent worthy of especial notice. We wish you could see our vegetable .and fruit market on Saturday afternoons. It is positively a treat to which all of us look forward week by week, and the crowds that flock to it from all quarters testify the appreciation of the public. The fruit of the season has been and continues not only abundant but of first-class quality, and the prices asked are such as to place even the luxu-: ries of the garden and orchard within the reach of all. Encouraged in fact by the bustle of market days, the Council have determined To extend the usefulness of the institution by throwing the stalls open on each day of the week. All kinds of experiments in the agricul tural way are being tried— including millet for- brooms and osiers for basket-work— but we can scarcely among these class the vineyards around; Castlemaine, which are now, many of them, attaining a perfection which is, most gratifying. The taste for colonial wine is gradually asserting itself among all classes, and the day is not far distant when "King Nobbler" will have to ab dicate unconditionally in favour of the milder potentate. You see we are attempting nothing more than a gossiping monologue for your information, and perhaps, as true Englishmen, we ought to have commenced with " the weather." However, it is not too late to say something- on that score, j Saxby, then, you must know, has been in every body's mouth during the month. His prophesies j have been learned almost by heart, and his "dangerous days" , have been carefully noted. | In many cases he has been a little, but not seri- 1 ously out in his reckoning, but, on the whole, he i has established his credit as a worthy successor ; of " Murphy." Thursday last was an ample verification of his accuracy. Saxby had said that there would be a violent storm, and sure enough, about 5 p.m., such a commotion took place, among the elements that for some time we all expected to see " - the tiles and chimney-pots, About our heads a-flying." The gale was terrific while it lasted, but no serious damage was done to the buildings, which, you must know, are, almost without exception, constructed in the most substantial manner, being chiefly of brick and stone, with roofs of slate or iron. It has been, meteorologically speaking, a most changeable month, but, at the j present writing, all is genial and serene, and the splendid granite obelisk, erected on one of our high hills to the memory of Burke and Wills, the explorers, stands out in bold relief against the clear blue sky. Those of you who are cricketers, or even patrons of the fine old English game— as which of you is not? — will be glad to hear how the " Old England Eleven" are progressing among us. As yet they have made an easy conquest in every one of their matches, with the exception of the first played in Melbourne, which resulted in a draw. They have made the tour of the colony, and have been feted royally wherever they went. New Zealand also has been glad dened by their presence, and now that they have returned, they will come to Castlemaine in a few days to play their last provincial match in Victoria, against Twenty-two of our own crick eters. Perhaps you may remember that, on the occasion of the visit of the first "All England Eleven," Castlemaine was the only place that "gave a good account of them." We don't mean to say that we anticipate a second victory, but, judging by the play of a few of our local team; it is not likely that you will have to blush for our "muffishness." By-the-way, cricketing " muffs" are becoming quite the rage in Melbourne, and they have, only recently, distinguished themselves for awkwardness for the benefit of a metropo litan charity. But, of this — is it not written in the chronicles of the Argus and other "sum- mary" compiling journals ? Perhaps you wish to know how we contrive to amuse ourselves in this part of the world. Well, to satisfy you, it must be admitted that we of Castlemaine are not over given to " sen sations." We are,in fact, not very demonstrative.. Nevertheless, we can appreciate anything really good, and occasionally we are called upon to certify our approval of first class entertainments provided for us. At our Theatre Royal, there is a continued and varied round of amusements. At present we have an edition of Pepper's Ghost, which is very cleverly put upon the stage. The illusion is made the more perfect by the use of the lime light, and although the ghost is not actual novelty, the improvement made in its representation in this Instance is much to be commended. Then again, there is our Volun teer Band, numbering some 25 performers, who every Wednesday evening give a promenade instrumental concert in the Market Hall. We are very reasonably proud of our Volunteer force, and their well taught Band, and we have the satisfaction of know ing that they are in point of efficiency and general conduct not inferior to any other corps in the colony. The volunteer movement is in fact one of the cherished institutions of Castle maine, and when we tell you this you may form some opinion of the kind of stuff of which our society is composed. But you must not supposee that we are endeavouring to liken our " loca tion" to Longfellow's Acadia in " Evangeline." On the contrary, we have our intestine bicker- ings; but these can scarcely concern you at the distance of 16,000 miles, knowing as you do thatat they are common to all towns. The present case in dispute— we always have one on hand— is of a sort of parochial nature, and will, therefore, have little interest beyond the limits of the battlefield. We have fallen out about a toll- gate, and very "much ado," indeed, is there about this matter. Conferences from Borough Councils and Road Boards, in which debates in-' terminable are indulged in, and still the great toll-bar dispute is as far off mutual settlement as ever. We refer to this matter briefly— you could not understand the facts if we were to re late them — in order to show you that the effect, of the recent legislation for local government has started into existence a new order of things, and that we are progressing so rapidly in such institutes as Councils and "Boards" that we are approaching the condition of municipal matters in the dear old country. We do not despair yet of having an orthodox "beadle" in Castlemaine, and we should welcome the pompous old in cumbrance, provided that his presence did not entail the workhouse and the charity school. Several distressing accidents have occurred during the month, most of them being the result of incautious mining. These, however, are casualties, which are to be expected on the gold- fields, and although they arrest a painful atten- tion for the time, the activity of life with us causes them soon to be forgotten. Among the deaths that have taken place, we should tell you of the suicide of Captain Lysaght, of the Bendigo Rifles. This gentleman, a barrister by pro fession had long been labouring under tem porary' fits of dementia, and while under the hallucination that he had been party to irregu larities in the Company's accounts, he shot him self through the brain, dying almost instan taneously. The verdict of the jury was in effect "felo de se while under the influence of temporary insanity." The deceased gentleman, who was well known in this part of the colony, was honoured with a military funeral, at which a large detachment of the Castlemaine Rifles attended. We might add a great deal more to this letter, were it not for the fact that the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme- Court com menced yesterday, and we are, therefore, obliged to economise space. Speaking of the Cir- cuit Court, we are glad to say that on the present occasion the calendar is a light one. The judge presiding is Sir Redmond Barry, whose name will, doubtless, be familiar to many of you, as one who took a leading part in the Victorian portion of the late International Exhi bition. We shall not trouble you with our local com mercial affairs, believing that by the time our quotations would reach you they would be use- less for all practical purposes. We may, how ever, satisfy whatever cravings you have in this respect, by assuring you that trade with us has, if anything, slightly improved within the month, and that the leading merchants hold a firm faith; in the prosperity of the district, as evidenced by several instances of selling off "at ruinous sacrifices" in order to the " extension of busi ness premises," etc., etc. Having filled up as much paper as we safely can, in order that our letter may not be rejected as " too heavy, we conclude with the promise ro keep you for the future, month by month, au courant with the news as it circulates in and around Castle- mmnfl BIRTHS. . Myring— On the 31st of January, at Shenstone Villa, Mrs Joseph Myring of a daughter. Taylor. — .On the 2nd instant, at Sandhurst, the "wife of the Rev. Thomas Taylor, of a daughter. Burr — At Bull Street, on the 5th instant, Mrs Burr, of a daughter. Frankling— On the 6th instant, at 'her resi dence, Donkey Gully, Mrs F. Frankling, of a daughter. Tronson— On the 12th instant, at Newstead, on Loddon, Mrs Edward Tronson; of a son. Staveley— On the 17th inst., at Barker's Creek, . the wife of H. Crofton Staveley, Esq;, of a son. MARRIAGES. KITTO — BICKHAM. - At All Saints' Church, Fryerstown, on the 11th instant, by the Rev. A. H. Wyatt, M. A., Thomas Luke Kitto, second son of the late Captain J. H. Kitto, M.E., of Cornwall, to Hannah Maria, eldest daughter of Mr George Bick- ham, farmer, of Glenluce, Fryers. GAMBLE — SAVORY. - On the 18th instant, at the residence of Mr Hy Gundill, Chewton, by the Rev. F. J. Pitman, Henry Gamble, Storekeeper, Chew- ton, to Sophia Savory, Chewton. DEATHS. CLACK — At her residence, Green Valley, near. Newstead, on Monday, 8th instant, Clara, the be loved wife of Alfred Clack, aged 20 years. The funeral will take place This Day, at 3 o'clock. Friends will please accept this notice.. Dunstan— On the 13th instant, at his residence, Christmas Reef, Yandoit, Mr Samuel Dunstan, late of Feock, Cornwall, aged 27. WHITE.—On the 13th instant, at the residence of her father, Chewton, aged 9 months, Eva Ada, eighth and youngest daughter of Joseph White and, Sophia Lovell, and grand- daughter of Esh Lovell, Esq., J.P., of Carrington Estate, Richmond, Tas mania. Hobart Town and Y orkshire papers please copy. 