.NORTH ADELAIDE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. The services for the dedication of the North Adelaide Congregational Church, the interior of which has just been finished, took pla~e on Friday evening. May 27. The attendance, which was very large—nearlyievery seat being occupied—included ministers and members from sects not a few. The splendid edifice was brilliantly lighted with gas, and the beauty ef the interior completely sur prised those who itaii not seen the work during its . progress. „ , i The Kev. G. SreKEaaosE conducted the devo- I tional portion, of the service, and at half-past 7 > o'clock commenced the proceedings by offering^ a dedicatory prayer. The hymn "Creator Spirit, : by whose aid," having been sung, the i22nd Psalm ; was read, and prayer again ottered. The 40ith ! Hymn, "O Christ, our hope, our heart's desire," was then chanted, and was fallowed by the Teading of a portion of the 5th chaper of Matthew, commencing at the 20th verse. The Eev. Mr. Stmehouse again led the congregation in prayer, during which he earnestly commended the pastor of the Church in his recent afflicted circum stances to the care of God, and implored that this trial of his faith might result in the greater success of his ministrations among that people. The Kev. C. W. Evan, after the singing of another hymn, preached from 1st Peter, 3rd chapter 15th verse—"And be ready always to give an answer to every man tbat asketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear." The rev. gentleman said it was a new tiling for a man in the days when these words , l were uttered to give a reason for his religious | : belief. The belief in the Gospel had not claimed : ( the attention of the Pagans af those days; but to I those who are addressed here there was evidence ! of individual couviction. The Gospel throughout i had not sougiit to convert the kings and princi- i ! palities of earth, but the free and willing homage i of individual souls embracing it as tbeir own faith had been sought. Many had nominally received it ; because others had done so; but Christianity did 1 not acknowledge these among Iter converts. In j the Burnish Church the religion of the people was wholly under the control of their civil rulers, who thought it as necessary to control their religious services as to rule their general conduct. This led to many of the difficulties in the way of the early Christians, who defied or set at nought the power ■of Cjesar. Such were these Christians of A6ia Minor, who were thus erposed to hardship and trial, and who werenovvaddressedinterms of conso lation by the Apostle. Cesar might torture and kill them, hut that was all he could uo; and this was a new truth that a man might suffer the loss of all earthly things and yet not lose all. It was a small matter what Cesar did to them if Christ had pro nounced them blessed, and therefore the Apostle urged them neither to exhibit false fear or provo cation in replying to any enquiries which might be made of them He then contrasted the position of these early Cfiristiaus with the favours and the privileges of the Christians at the present day, a id remarked that the passage, though j addressed to the early Church, came with equal ! force to them in these days. The passage, he | said, suggested three thoughts—that Christianity properly received was a hope in man; that those | who received it as a hope should be able to give a | reason for it; and that when asked the reason of the hope within them that reason should be given I in a humble and reverent spirit. In referring to the first thought, he alluded to the ignorance and moral chaos which existed in .those carly.days, and to the necessity at that time of Christianity I exerting an influence on the human spirit, i Thus Christianity was the bringing in of a better life to the Uiiristians of that day, and in whatever degree the bad world had become better, it was through this hope inspired by Christianity. If they hoped for union, for the cessation of war, or the abolition of slavery, it was all owing to Christianity. A man receiving the Gospel became possessed of a glorious hope, wluch became the hope of his life— his hope of acceptance with God-his hope of a Father's care in the unknown eternity of the future. It was the distinction of the Christian that this hope moved in his heart and formed his character. Well might the Apostle speak of "the hope which was in them," for the early Church passed through fiery trials and persecutions; but they accounted all their af&ctions; as but momen tary, and as working a far mo e exceeding and eternal weight of glory. Thank God, their trials wwe not the (Uhrisrian'.'? of tli#» nrpcpnt hiitjit. were not the ChristLan1s of the present day; but at times they even required hope and consolation. When the heart, bleeding with a bitterness which it alone knew, was desolate, and when all earthy scenes seemed darkened and gloomy, how desolate and dreary all would be hut for the bright star in the sky which beckoned the spirit to happier regions. The hope that was in them did not apply to tlie heathen round them steeped in ignorance and sin. A Christian's hope absorlied the present in the future; but these poor heathens'thoughts were iixed alone upon the present. The rev. gen tleman then passed on to* his second point— 1 that those who have received Christianity as a living hope should be able and williDg give a reasonable account of their con- l duct. The Apostle anticipated that men wouid ask tliem for a reason; and lie urged them to -pro- j claim their hope in Christ, who had died for them, and in whom all their glorious hopes centred. What could be more reasonable than that they should meet such enquiry? And in this age, when ! the mind had advanced, what was more reasonable than that the Christian should be asked the ground of his hope, and that he should be able to give a clear and distinct and reasonable reply for it? J lleiieion w s a matter solely between the soul and Cod, but much depended upon the acceptance : or rejection of its truth by even one soul If the 1 grounds of hope were good, then others would be ■ inspired to accept it, and thus great results might i flow from if. This readiness to give an answer indicated two tilings—au intelligent conviction that Christianity was true, and an intelligent per suasion that they sh -uld enjoy the blessedness which it promised. One of the early Christians being interrogated, would give his reasons; and he would point to the various principles of the.Gospel, and the crowning miracle of the resurrection, in support of liis conduct. He ,vas not aware that any evidences of Christianity had been weakened by; the progress of mind and the advance of science and philosophy within the last century. There was a feeling in the minds of some people that the conclusions of science were antagonistic to some of the principles of the Gospel. Those who spoke to them thus were deserving of a calm hearing, and should not be made enemies of by the use of invective and hard words. They could not consider that God had written one thing on the face of nature, and another and opposite thing on the page of the sacred Scriptures. As some dogmas were falsely termed religion, so some things called science were falsely so called. There was no science rightly so called but such as was universally agreed upon by men; but he was not aware of any deductions by a true science which was contrary to God's word. Science had more than once been found to be at fault, and it might be again; but the spirit of religion demanded a reasonable and calm reply to be given to a rational 3nd intelligent en quirer. The preacher then passed on to his third point—that when asked the reason of the hope within them, that reason should be given in a humble and reverent spirit. These words were uttered to the Christians who it was probable would be brought before tribunals; anil they were urged in their replies to pay respect to man and reverence to . God. The Gospel did not justify a bitter reply. Better to give a good argument than a bad name. Truth should be guarded coura geously, but with a loving spirit. The text taught them that they should not be over-ready and boastful to give a reply; that tliey should not lie obtrusiveingivingareason; for if aOhristian rightly apprehended the ground of his hope he would speak that calmly and reverently to any enauirers. These reasons might, therefore, very appropriately lead them to rejoice in the existence and present condition of that noble sanctuary in which there was nothing too good or too costly when it was considered for what it was used—nothing too costly for the glorious things which would there receive attention. . fie was persuaded the truth of Christ would be declared there with as little ad mixture of human error as possible. He was persuaded that the ministry there would not be to promote the interests of a party or to build up a sect, but to bring men to the possession and reali zation of a living hope in Christ. He felt per suaded that if the Church there was worthy of its privileges it would be anfearnest, working, living Church, labouring for the glory of God. These were some of the grounds for which they might rejoice, and for which those who had come from other Churches could rejoice with them, and earnestly bid them God speed. He was sure they unitedly joined, in that prayer which had been offered, that their Heavenly Father would comfort and bless his servant, the pastor of the Church, and that the gloom and bitterness of his present trials would induce a holier and livelier zeal in their midst. He concluded an excellent and most appropriate discourse by uttering the prayer that God might fill them with all joy and peace, and bless tliem with much spiritual prosperity. A collection was here made, and realized up wards of £35, and the hymn, " Lord, dismiss us with Thy blessing." having been sung, and the blessing of God implored upon that service and upon the Church too, the large assemblage dis persed. The subjoined description of the interior has been handed to us:—1"The approach, which for merly consisted of a wooden step-ladder, is now a flight of rubbed steps of colonial marble the entire width of the front, enclosed on each side by stone wing walls, terminated by massive lamp-stands and lamps. The whole of the interior walls and ceil ings have been plastered and decorated. The ceiling is divided into compartments formed by moulded ribs, terminating on long shafts, sup ported each by having a handsome centre flower on carved corbels withJoliated caps. The church is - surrounded" by a modillion and dentil cornice of many members, divided at intervals by the moulded ribs. The windows and doors are all finished in moulded arid carved work. The gallery, which will hold 150 or SOOpersons, and in winch the choir is placed, consists of a moulded cedar front, with ornamental cast-iron panelling; twisted and carved cedar columns," modillion cornice, panelled ceilings and centre flowers, the whole being sup ported on bronze columns, with foliated caps picked put in gold. The gallery is- approached from the entrance lobbies, by spacious easy cedar staircases. The pewing is of cedar varnished, with bronzed ornamental ends, filled in with polished cedar; the platform and desk and communion rail all of carved polished cedar and ornamental iron work; the doors are covered with blue cloth.*' We may mention that the church is beautifully illuminated by three gasaliers, which have bpen I imported from England, and which diffuse a brilliant light, by which the smallest print may be read. The seats also are very easy, commodious, and comfortable; while the acoustic properties of the building seem unexceptionable. The cost of . the interior has, we are informed, been £2,000 and when the exterior is finished few perhaps will be fonnd to dispute that the North Adelaide Congre gational Church, for chaste, ornamentation, and withal a substantial and imposing superstruc ture, is without a ri-al in the colony. Messrs. "Wright & Woods and G. & E. Hamilton have jointly superintended the work and carried out the designs, and to them much credit is due for their excellent judgment and taste. The reopening services of this Church were con tinued on Sunday, May 29, when three sermons were preached. The Eev. J. Gardnerofficiated inthe morning. aud chose forhis text Acts, chan, ix., 3ist verse—"Then had the Churches rest throughout all Judaea and Galilee and Sama ia, and were edified; and walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied." I During his discourse he took occasion to congratu late the members of the Church on the completion, i so far as the interior was concerned, of their beautiful sanctuary, and to express the hope that the mere external glory of the building wo ild not be their onl v aim; but that by holy zeal, by earnest praver, and "by diligent work they would seek the | edification of many souls, and the multiplication of 1 churches around them. In the afternoon the Kev. J. j Cope ministered, and preached from the words con tained in Ramans, chap. L, Ifith verse—"For I am . not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ; for it is the i power of (rod cato salvation to every one that be- j lieveth." The pastor of the Church conducted i the devo'ioiwi portion of the service. In the ! evening tfee spacious edifice was crowded to over- ' flowing, and many left without gaining accommo dation. The Rev. J. Jefferis, the pastor, preached from L'ifc-e, chap. L, 4tli verse—"That thou - mightest kmow the certainty of those tilings wherein thou hast been instructed.1' He divided his discetrrse into two parts—First, the basis of Christian truths; and second, the demands of the age on Christian teachers—which demands, he said, were a stern repression of subordinate truths, an intelligent exposition of the highest truths, and a calm and living defence of assailed truths. Collections were made during the day, when £172 was subscribed—that in the evening alone amount ing to £137 10s. This, added to the col'cction on Friday, makes a grand total of £207 10s. The services celebrating the completion of the interior of the North Adelaide Congregational Church were continued on Tuesday, May 31, by a tea and public meeting, the former taking place at G o'clock and the latter at half-past 7. Notwith standing the extremely unfavourable weather, the attendance on each occasion was very large. Mr. Thomas Graves presided over the pub'ic meeting, which was held in the church. As it has already been stated that the interior of this noble structure has been beautifully finished, and that the effect of the whole is so elegant and pleasing that the beholder cannot repress feelings of ad miration on entering the church, it is now unnecessary to say more on the subject. ' It may, however, be mentioned that the contract for the plastering was carried out liy Messrs. VPildy & Co., the carpenters' and joiners' work by Mr. ,T. Wlieatley, the ironwork (under Mr. Wheatley's contract) by Mr. T. Forsaith, and the flight of marble steps leading to the church by Mr. Kellet. The gas-fittings were imported by the Building Committee, and have been fixe.-l by Mr. Forsaith. With a view to secure uniformity in the building, the Committee have imported a quantity of cloth for the seating of those pews which members of the congregation may require. The Oh .vuim ax, in a few prefatory remarks, ex pressed the pleasure he felt in presiding over a meeting of that nature. He must certainly con gratulate the North Adelaide people on the com pletion of the interior of such a beautiful sanctuary, and he thought they had shown a noble example to those who were enaged in erecting the Stow Memorial Church. He had little fear that their Church, under their respected pastor, Mr. Jefleris, would be well filled. Some time ago it was inti mated that a flock were wantinga pastor, and that Mr. .Tefferis might leave, but he was much delighted to find that he remained here. (Applause.) He recollected their departed friend and pastor (the ltev. T, Q. Stow) in company with himself and other gentlemen welcoming their friend Mr. Jefleris among them, and he we IP remembered how pleased Air. Stow was when he liad ascer tained the character of Mr. Jefleris, who had taken so much interest in the North Adelaide cause— (Hear, bear)-and if Air. Stow could now witness the present occasion how much more rejoiced he would he. The North Adelaide people, he found, did not forget old friends, and not the least pleasing circumstance in connection with reppening the chinch was the memorial to their departed friend. (Hear.) If they (the North Adelaide people) did not deserve gratitude for anything else they didforthat. He then referred to the Rev. Air. Jefleris asa pt-tor and teacher of the young, and concluded by ex 1 pressing a hope that he would have a long and prosperous future. (Applause.) Mr. Ukouge PHtLurs then read the financial 1 statement, which showed that a balance of £223 was still due to the Treasurer. The Rev. J. Jefferis here stated that Air. Tar] ton was unavoidably absent, and that his medical ad viser had strictly forbidden liis being present that evening. In reference to the accounts, he was sorry to find that the alterations had temporarily embarrassed them, but the generous help of their friends would sOon lessen the burden. Having acknowledged the great assistance rendered Htin by ministers of various denominations, he thanked them and other friemls for their sympathy, and remarked I that when lie first became a minister he pledged himself to God, and it liad ever been his constant aim to strengthen the bond of friendship with denominations differing from Ids own. (Applause.) | The choir, in a masterly mitmer, gave "Praise the Lord." TlieBer.C. Manthorfe, who was warmlvreceived, said he addressed them that night with mingled feelings. He had often been proud to speak there ou other occasions, and had done so with great pleasure and satisfaction; but other feelings ani mated him that creams when he thought of the serere troubles of theij friend and pastor. But wheu lie looked around hint and gazed on their spacious building he felt cause for gladness, and he rejoiced that God had put it into their hearts to build such a beautiful church. The ree. gentleman eloquently dwelt upon the important relationship of religion, and spoke of the need which existed for the wise expenditure of money in raising sanc tuaries to God. He also alluded to the success which had attended the principle of voluntaryism in connection with Congregationalism in the colony. This was a matter for rejoicing. And was it not, in the present instance, pleasing to know that not a penny had been forced, but that the gifts were freely made2 They might rejoice at the erection of museums, &e.;, for the instruction and edification of the people, and at the origination of wise enact ments; hut the erection of buildings similar to their own afforded matter for greater rejoiciug. Iu j those places man's true light would slime, and the I truths of the Gospel be proclaimed. Such buildings were the honour of their dwelling-place and the bulwarks of their land. He begged to move— "That this meeting renders thanksgiving to Almighty God for Bis help in rearing this church, ■ and expresses a fervent hope that it may prove a means of furthering the Gospel of Christ." Mr. T. JSetxolds seconded the resolution, and, in a humorous 'speech, pertinently adverted to matters in connection with the church. He was pleased with and gratified at the completion of the great undertaking, and he iioiv had some hopes of the advancement of Congregationalism amongthem. llavingleelmglj-alluded to the terms of the resolution, and referred to the early history of Congregationalism in the colony, and to the l rapid strides it had made, he concluded by trusting that the meeting thanked Almighty God for His support. The Bev. G. StoxehoD.se supported the resolu tion, and suitably referred to the completion of the work in hand. The resolution having been put and carried, The Chaihman, after commenting on the state ment of accounts, offered conditionally to supple ment the collection winch was to be made. Choir—"I waited patiently." The Bev. W. Haiicus then addressed the meet ing on the topic that Congregationalism recog nising the headship of Christ, affords the broadest basis for Christian union. The rev. gentleman dwelt with considerable force upon the advantages of unity in religion generally, and portrayed the evils arising from division—differences as to ex ternal modes of worship. The rev. gentleman was loudly applauded on resuming his seat. 'The ltev. F. \V. Cox next addressed the meeting, and after a few congratulatoiyremarks referred to the advantages of denominations working with the same spirit and to the same end. He could not help remarking when on a recent tour in the country the rapid growth of religion in the outlying and thinly-populated districts. The Hon. J. £L Babrow, who was loudly ap plauded on rising, spoke to the topic—the reopening: of this church, a temple of peace—as a firing occasion to protest against the unnatural wars desolating so many lands. After having referred to the reopening of the church, and adverted to temples, their nature and aims, he alluded to. the wars now raging in America and elsewhere, dwelling on the ue:essity of1 wars, and the evils arising out of them. -He concluded by expressing a hope that their temple of peace would prosper, and that its influence would he widely felt. It was then announced by the Chairman that the collection, with promises, amounted to £70. The Bev. J. Jeffebis, after having explained that the promises were made conditionally on £250 being raised that night, asked Mr. T. Graves to keep his offer open for another month, which was consented to. The choir, wliich was efficiently conducted, and greatly enhanced the enjoyment of the meeting by the excellent rendering of the several pieces of music given by them, also performed, at suitable intervals, " O put your trust In Him," and " Ponder my words." jl vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the proceedings. We learn that the Hon. G. F. Angas, who was prevented from attending the meeting by the in clemency of the weather, lias since forwarded to the Kev. Mr. Jefleris a cheque for £50 in aid of the Building Fund. The Marvels op the Solas Spectbcm.—The Bev. James Manghan delivered an interesting lecture on this subject to a numerous audience in the Beading Boom of the South Australian In stitute on Friday evening. May 27. Mr. N. Blyth, M.P., occupied the chair, and briefly introduced the lecturer, who piemisedhis subject by referring to the philosophy of light, to the discoveries of Sir Isaac Newton, and to the circumstances under which thoSe revelations were made. Having ex plained the solar spectrum, he reverted to tbe subject of colour, and by means of a revolving disc showed how the eye was deceived, and how three distinct colours—red, yellow, and blue—were blended into a colour resembling white by rapidly revolving the diso. It was no wonder then, he said, when they remembered that light travelled at the rate of 203,000 miles per second, that the eye could not distinguish the three colours. By means of diagrams the rev. gentleman was-cnableii to point out the peculiarity of light, the colours produced by tbe prism, and linear phenomena. After having fully treated in an energetic and able manner on all the many circumstances connected with the solar spectrum, and descanted on the researches of modern science, he, in referring to the discoveries made by Mrs. SomervilJe, showed . how beautifully a ray of light acted on colouring matter. He explained the properties of a ray of light, its pulsations, and drew attention to its different quality in many parts of the globe and seasons of the year. But the greatest marvel connected with the solar spectrum, and one of the most important discoveries of the present day, I was that known by tbe name of spectrun analysis, j which, be said, meant the mode of determining the elementary character of substances by the different colours which they yielded in a burning or an incandescent state. In the year 1802 Dr. Wollaston, by substituting a narrow slit in the shutter of the window in place of Newton's pinhole, succeeded in preventing the different coloured lights in one solar spectrum from over lapping each other, and by these means discovered seven dark lines (which the rev. lecturer pointed out and explained on the diagrams) crossing and cutting up the spectrum. The lights were here turned down and the spectrum of colour demon strated by experiments. The lecturer having resumed, drew the attention of the audience to the discovery of two new alkaline metals— Caesium and Bhubidium—by Dr. Bunsen, the celebrated German chemist. The lecturer re marked that important results in the science of medicine might be anticipated'from these dis coveries, especially in the analysis. of mineral waters, and concluded by announcing that there was still a large number of interesting facts yet to be noticed, and amongst which were the laws of polarization, tbe character of the newly discovered metals, and the application of spectrum analysis to the determination of the composition of the stars, and other matters which would furnish an interesting set of topics for their next consideration. (Applause.) Mr. T. Burgan proposed-a vote -of thanks to-the lecturer. It! having been seconded and carried unanimously, the proceedings were- closed by the Chairman ; announcing the subject bf the next lecture. 