SHAKSPEARIAN ENTERTAINMENT AT THE PORT. F*or* Adelaide Young Men's Association gave an entertainment in aid of the Shakspeare Fund on Tuesday % Ap# 26-st- Paul's Schoolroom. S jZ* • ^arryat took the ohair, and there was a crowaed attendance. The proceedings were introduced by a prologue, composed for the occasion, and delivered by the -Kev. Mr. Green. Mrs. F. B. Jones sang in a very pleasing manner " Bygone Days," and the following reci tations were then given:—Hamlet's Address to the Flayers (act 3, scene 2), Mr. Anthony; Brutus and Gassius (■'Julias Cffisar," aot 4, soene 3), Messrs. Hopkins and Bpssie; Henry V. to his Soldiers (act 3, scene l), Mr. Charles Watt; Macbeth's Soliloquy (aot 2, scene i), Mr. Bann. Mrs. F. B.» Jones and Mr. J. Bennett sang "I know a Bank," after whioh H3& lordship the Bisaoa of ApeiiAide tyUyeied Ms promised lecture upon " Shakspeare " as follows: It is a remark of our author placed in the mouth of one of his charac ters, that 'the evil whioh men do lives after them—the good is oft interred with their bones.' The triumph of genius is manifested in the reversal of this law, and it speaks well, both for our poet and our countrymen, that 300 years have only added freshness to the garland whioh encircles hi9 brow and deepened the conviction among ourselves and foreigners of his surpassing powers as a dramatist and poet. It would seem impertinent to detain you at any length upon the merits of an author with whom we all conceive ourselves to be familiar; but this very familiarity tends to supersede the careful study of his genius and an exact appreciation of his works. We assume that we know that which we have so often heard, and a critical examination of his works with a view to compare him with the great bards of other times and other countries is left rather to the literary student than forming part of the general education of every intelligent English man. My object, then, to-night will be to draw attention to the depth and variety of Shakspeare's genius, or the power of his fancy, his perception of character, his keen sense of comic drollery as well as tragic power, his power of description or word-painting; and to trace something of his inner man in his lofty sentiments and the tenderness of his feelings;.above all, in his singular and seemingly intuitive knowledge of mankind, and of the great world whioh he brings upon the stage. My work will not be unavailing if it leads you better to discriminate the varied excellencies of that wonderful poet whom we are met to commemorate. Milton has said of him— "«Sweetest Shakspeare, Fancy's child, Warbles his native wood-notes wild;' but he seems equally familiar with courts and camps, the noble and the peasant, the churchman and the lawyer, the Italian and the Moor, the Dane or Gaul, as with his own bluff countryman Harry VIII., Sir John Falstaff, the fiery Hotspur, or that' sweet wag,' Harry of Monmouth. And this is the more extraordinary, because his early life and education were not not such as to render him familiar with the higher ranks of society or the national characteristics of foreigners. Educated where he learnt the rudements of Latin, the exigencies of trade or the poverty of his means compelled his father to withdraw him even from this source of improvement at an early period. He seems to have worked as a woolstapler under his father, and to have married at the early age of 19 his beloved Ann Hathaway, the daughter of a substantial yeoman. Nor was it until ne had become too familiar, as it is said, with the deer park of Sir Thomas Lucy that he emerged from that narrow sphere in which Providence had seemed to have cast his lot. Then, seeking the great metropolis, he first became acquainted with the playhouse, of whioh he was afterwards to be the presiding genius. Perhaps as a means of livelihood he first obtained admission in the then existing company of players; no does he ever appear to have attained any high distinction in the histrionic art. It is said he enacted the ghost in Hamlet, but with what success has not been recorded. Here it was, however, that his natural genius for play writing was stimulated into exercise, and was developed into the highest excellence. It has been shrewdly remarked that if he had not studied the anoient authors, neither had he stolen anything from them, and then his want of learning redounds to the credit of his originality. The play writer in those days does hot appear to have enjoyed that considera tion at the hands of the players whioh is now admitted. Even ' the great Ben Jonson owed to'the friendly interposition of Shakspeare, his introduction to fame and popularity. To reoresent a piece offered for their consideration was considered an act of grace and condescension on their part. To this fact may be attributed oc casional patohes of dullness introduced by the aotors themselves in their, several parts. The playhouse copy, in terpolated with such additions and stage directions, is the foundation of the plays as they are at present printed. He, himself, never made a collection of his plays, nor correoted them for the press. The greater part was published after his death. Ou this point he speaks feelingly when he puts in the mouth of Hamlet the following direction' And let thosethatplay your clowns speak no more than is set down for them, for there be of them that will themselves laugh to set on some quantity of barren spectators to laugh too; though in the meantime Borne necessary question of the play be}then to be considered. That'B villanous, and shows a most pitiful ambition in the fool that uses it.' (Act 3, Scene 2.) The characters of Shakspeare have an individu ality about them which qualifies the remark of Samuel John son—that they represent speoies. Undoubtedly they are not eccentric and singular in their type, but as no individual of a species, no member of a family, is identical in appearance with another's, so the personality of Shakspeare's imaginary characters is distinguished by their own traits an peculiari ties, Hamlet is not merely a prince, a soholar, a courtier and soldier.but stands out on the canvas a figure which we recognise as unlike any other drawn by any poet in any age. Ophelia, indeed, throngh the very depth of her affection, may have failed to penetrate the mystery of his partially assumed insanity and his caustic rudeness; but the ^watchful sus piciousness of the King was not lulled into security. * TV hat he spake, tho' it lacked form a little, was not like madness,' remarks'thelatter to Polonius; 'There's something In his soul, o'er which his melancholy sits on brood.' Thus it would be impossible not to recognise this creation of Shakspeare's imagination if the royal Dane could once more revisit the glimpses of the moon. As in the case of Homer's heroes, we recognise each as described to old Priam by the fair Helen; *so we seem to be equally familiar with lago or Shylook, the noble Othello, the gay Mercutio, or sprightly Benedict. It is time, however, for me to trace the transcendant merit of our author in the variety of his characters, whether tragic, humorous, or imaginary. A few specimens shall then be given of Ins descriptive powers, ana, lastly, some traits of his personal character, so far as that may be deduced from the sentiments whichhe has put in the mouths of several of his characters. Sir J. Reynolds has painted the Roscius of our stage—Qarriok—between the tragic and comic muses, as claimed alike by both; but something in the laughing look of the actor, excusing himself to tragedy for yielding to the fascinations of his merrier sister, typifies to my mind the great dramatist himself as halting between the two, yet evidently entering into 'the buips and cranks and wreathed smiles of mirthful comedy,' with more gusto than when he sups full with horrors in the darkest of his tragedies. How truly, for example, does his wit, fancy, and invention disport them selves'in the character of that gallant gentleman Mercutio, especially when he quizzes his lovesick cousin, Romeo, in'the elegant description of Queen Mab, (Romeo and Juliet, act l, scene 4.) He is not the lightfop which a superficial study or careless comedian would represent. How contemptuously, for example, doeB he speak of the hot, hasty, bully, Tybalt— 'Oh, he is the courageous captain of compliments. He fights as you sing prick-song; keeps time, distance, and propor tion ; rests his minim rest, one, two, and the third in your bosom. Theverybutoherof a silk button, a duellist, a duellist, a gentleman of the very first house—of the first and second cause—(for which a man is to fight). Ah. the immortal passado! The punto reserso 1 the hay (hai them'st got it). ' Whv. is not this a lamentable thing, grandsire, that we should be thus afflicted with these strange flies, these fashionmongers, these pardonnez moia, who stand so muoh on the new form, that they oannot sit at ease on the oid benohl O, their done, their bonsT And when he is wonnded to death, how playfully does he speak ' Ay, ay, a scratch, a scratch; marry 'tis enough; no, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve; ask for me to-morrow, and yon shall find me a grave man!' Mercutio is the repre sentation of genteel comedy; bnt in Falstaff, Dogberry, the gravedigger, Bottom, the comic drollery of our author runs absolutely riot. Were I, on the other hand, to select the deepest dyed tragic villain my choice would rest upon Iago, and for skilful display of character I should point to that scene in whioh the archfiend plays upon the fierce instincts of the Moor, awakening, feeding, and maturing that maddening jealousy which leads so naturally to the tragic end of Desdemona. But how wonderful is the delicacy and tenderness, yet Btrength'of his female characters, which he sets before us in Miranda, Ophelia, and Desdemona, or in the generous Beatrice, or the sublimer purity of Isabella in 'Measure for Measure.' What can be more exquisite than the broken-hearted tenderness of Ophelia passing vver Hamlet's rude taunts upon the frailty of her sex, and ^dwelling only on the wreck, as she supposes, of his reason 1 ' O, what a noble mind is here overthrown, &o.; ' And I of ladies most deject and wretched.'—(Ham. 3,) In striking contrast with the womanly tenderness of these and many other characters, let us notice briefly the noble confidence oi Beatrice in the innocence of her cousin hero Benedict. Benedict—' Is Claudio thine enemy ? Beatrice—Is he not approved in the height a villain, that hath slandered scorned, dishonoured my kinswoman ? O, that I were a man! What! bear her in hand until they come to take hands, and then with public acousation uncovered slander, unmitigated rancour—O, God, that I were a man 1 I would eat his heart in the marhet place. Sweet hero! She is wronged, she is slandered, she is undone!' Still more sublime is the holy indignation with which Isabel spurns from her the caitiff and her brother, who would save his miserable life at the cost of dishonour. Claudio—' Sweet sister, let me live!' Isabel—'O, faithless coward, O dishonest wretch, Wilt thou be made a man out of my.vice? Take my defiance 1 Die, perish 1 Might but my bending down Reprieve thee from thy fate, it should proceed. I'll pray a thousand prayers for thy death; No word to save thee 1 O fye, fye, fye.' Passing from the region of inventive imagination to that of the purer fanoy; in addition to Queen Mab, dwell for a moment on Titania, Puok, Ariel, and hear the latter singing his sweet dirge in the ear of Ferdinand— « Full fathoms five thy father lies, Of his bones are coral made, Those are pearls that were his eyes, Nothing of him that doth fade. But doth suffer a sea change Into something rich and strange; Sea nymphs hourly ring his knell, Hark I I hear their ding dong bell.' Or the description of his life—(Act v., scene l), •Tempest'— •Where the bee sucks; there lurk I, In a cowslip's bell I lie, There I couch where owls do pry, On the bat's back I do fly Ah yoa should all take to know more of this man, who like many others in our favoured country rose from the lower or middle ranks of life to a preeminence, which leaves far behind all the rescources of learning, all the appliances of study, by the mere foroe of Nature's inborn genius. A few passages, like feathers to show in which direction the wind blew, may serve to indicate thequalities of heart and mind, which formed elements in his characters. How consistent is it with his passionate love and early marriage, at 19, that he should have delineated the master passion of men's nature with a fidelity and freshness drawn from the dear mirrower of his own soul, and the well spring of his own chaste feelings.' O .bid me leap from off the battlements of yonder tower I will do it without fear or doubt to live an unstained wife to my sweet love.— Borneo and Juliet, act 4, scene l. Mark his appreciation of maiden innocence— 41 have marked a thousand blushing apparitions start Into her face; A thousand innocent charms In angel whitenessbear away thOBe blusheB; And in her eye there hath appeared a fire. To bum the errors that these prinoes hold Against her maiden truth.' (Much Ado About Nothing, act 4, scene 1.) Akin to love is friendship! and what is the friend our Bard would have chosen? (Hamlet, act 3, scene 2.) 'Give me that man ' That is not passion's slave, and I will wear him In my heart's core, aye in my heart of heart.' The tenderness, too, of his sensibility is witnessed by his devotion to musio. (Twelfth Night, act 1, scene 1.) ' That strain again, it had a dying fall. O, it came o'er my ear like the sweet south That breathes upon a bank of violets, Stealing and giving odour.' And now a word for graver sentiments. Brought up in the reformed faith of the Church of England, he speaks of his country thus:— ' Famed by their breed, and famous by their birth,' &d; Or, what can better speak the power of conscience than Biohard III.'My conscience hath a thousand several tongues, and every tongue brings in a several tale, and every tale condemns me for a villain.'—Kichard III., act 5, scene 3. Isabel, too, in her brother Claudio'a behalf, pleads thus for mercy :— 'Alas, alas! Why all the souls that were forfeit once, And he, that might the vantage best have took, Found out the remedy I How would you be If he, who is the hope of judgment, should But judge you as you aria ?' Measure for Measure (Act'2, scene 2).—Not less beautiful iB the description of their grace by Portia in the ' Merchant of Venice,' when she says ' It as an attribute of God him self. And earfchlypower doth then show likest God when mercy seasons justice.' For descriptive power I need hardly - suggest passages to you, for, as when extraota from the beauties of Shakspeare were once offered to an admirer of the poet, he Bimply asked where were the rest, so you might justly overwhelm my selection with others not less beautiful. On the whole, then, Providence has raised up in England a poet who seems, nothing of earth, to have been all but inspired—so true, so lofty, so varied, so exact in his con ception and delineations, while in the musio and dignity of language he rivals if he does not surpass the sweetness or thunder of the Homeric verse. The tragic vein of iEachylus and Sophooles, the comic humour of Aristophanes, the ima gination of Dante, the poetry of Homer, in him all meet and are combined. This varied power in one individual gives him the prominence over all. No man ever owed so little to education and so muoh to Nature as the Bard of Avon, who died at the early age of 63. Not too soon for his own fame, but, unlike his own Proapero, 'His staff was broken, bruised, restored fathoms in the earth, but not deeper than ever plummet sounded' has his book been drowned. On the contrary it lives more freshly in our hearts than ever, and wherever the speech of England shall prevail, there will this great master of it be held in honor." (Great applause.) The lecture was divided into two parts, and in the interval Mrs. F. B. Jones sang with great effect—" Her bright smile haunts me still." ' The remaining part of the programme was gone through after the close of the leoture:— Brutus's Address to the Bo mans (Julius Caesar, aot 3, scene 2), Mr. John Lane; Mark Anthony's Oration (Julius Caesar, act 3, scene 2), Mr. W. A. Paqualin: Borneo's Speech to Meroutio on Queen Mab and her doings (Borneo and Juliet, aot 1, scene 4), Mr. A. Ful iarton; Epilogue, Mr. John Clark; Song—" Annie my own Love," and "Let me kiss him for his Mother," Mrs. F. B. Jones. The recitations of Messrs. Hopkins, Paqualin, and Fullarton were encored, and Mrs. Jones sang magnificently and wa9 frequently recalled. The .whole] affair was a com plete success. . 