NEWS OF THE WEEK. The following extract from a, letter received by the present mail, by a gentleman in this city, has been forwarded to us for publication. It will ret at rost the numerous speenlutions that have been in- dulgod in US'to tho whereabouts of Mr Porter, whose connection with tbo Provident Institute has made him so notorious. The loiter is from lire captain of the Redan, and is dated Chincha Islands, 2>tlh September ;—“ lam annoyed that the report should have arisen that Mr Porter had absconded in my ship. lie left Melbourne lire weeks before in un American shiji called the, Clara, Captain Wells, commander. I have written to to deny tho statement. I did not know anything respecting Mr Porter’s transactions while I was in Melbourne. He came on board my ship the day after wo arrived; at Callao. Ho looited like a wretched, broken-hearted man, I don’t know what he is going to do at Callao, He talked of only remaining there for one month after Mrs Porter arrived.’’ The third session of the third Parliament of Vic toria wasopeuedon Tuesday with the nsnul ceremony. Precisely at two o’clock his Excellency the Governor left Government House in his carriage, escorted by u troop of tho Victorian Volunteer Light Horse ; the park of volunteer artillery across tho river firing a royal salute. The ground was kept hy a detach ment of Royal Artillery, and there was a consider able assemblage of spectators. A very fe.w minutes brought (lie vice regal party to the doors of the Le gislative Council, His Excellency descended, ami accompanied by his aide-de-camp, private secretary and a numerous start’, entered the chamber of the Upper House. Sir Charles was dressed in the Windsor uniform, and wore tho star collar and badge of a civil knight’s grand cross of tho Order of the Bath. Tho chamber was crowded in every part, an unusual animation was imparted to the .geene by the number of ladies present and thjeir gay costumes. His Excellency having taken his seat, commanded the Legislative Assembly lo bo summoned to the bur of tho House, which order was promptly obeyed by the Usher of the Bind: Rod : and presently Mr Speaker, in his state robe, followed by a numerous parliamentary train, made his appearance, and was courteously re quested to be seated. Tho Governor, in a clear, distinct ton;;, read the speech, which will bo found in onr parliamentary report. The private secretary handed a copy to the Speaker; his Excellency con stitutionally dismissed the Houses to their respec tive legislative work, and took his departure, and so tho pageant ended. In the Assembly, business did not commence till tin: usual meeting hour of four o’clock. Tho attendance was small for a first day of session, there being little more than one-half the members of the House present. On the Oppo sition benches, not more th.au nine occupants mus tered in the course of the sitting. There was a sin gular want of animation in our usually lively Lower Chamber. For once, political discord was hushed ; no opposition voice arose from her Majesty’s Opposi tion; and Mr Haines _ went into compliment on the skill . with which his opponents had constructed a Vice-regal speech that offered no point of attack. Tho address was moved by Mr Casey ; and seconded by Mr Thomson. Address speeches arc not usually orutorically note worthy, and these proved no exception to the rule. They had, however, the merit of brevity. All that followed was equally lack lustre. Mr M*Cairn spoke at some length do omnibus rebus, but particularly on the neglect of duty displayed by the opposition in not criticising tho Government, behind which he, Mr M'Cann, sat, and which he supported. Mr Weckes criticised Mr M-Cunn, and tho House very gladly, and unanimously, adopted tho address, which will be presented to his Excellency Ibis day, ■at half-past three o’clock. The following statement ’dhows the attendance of members on both sides of House on this occasion ;—On the Ministerial benches: Mr Casey Mr Higiubotham Mr Strickland Cohen Mucgrcgoi- . SuJHvau -Davies, 13.' G. .M’Cann Thomson Davies. -1. M'Cuiloch Vordon Francis . Pope Wcekcs Grant Ramsay Woods. Henles Tiic following occupied the cross benches on the same side :■ — Mr Berry Mr Mr Loader Mr Riddell Brodribb McDonald Smith, J. A. Houston M’Mahon Smith, L. L. Kirk MoJlison Snodgrass Lalor Orr Tucker. Lambert The following members of the Opposition were present:— Mr Anderson Mr Haines Mr O'Connor Duffy Levey Smyth, G. The following sat on tho cross benches of the same side:— Mr Brooke Mr Mnckay Mr O’Shnnassy Edwards Macadam Smith. J. T. Kyle Morion The following members were absent:— Mr Asplnall Mr G’milestone Mr Michie Bennett Hood Nicholson Cathie Howard O’Gradv Cummins Humfl’ray Orkney Don - , Ireland Richardson Evans Johnson Sinclair Foot! Johnston Wilson Frazer Levi Wright Gillies M-Lellan Wood, J. D. Tho name of MrW. C. Smith has to bo mentioned as a member resigned, Messrs Pinnock and Turnbull, tho newly-elected members of the Legislative Council, took their seats on Tuesday. The former was introduced by Messrs S. G. Henty and W. Highett, and the latter by Messrs Horvey and Stracmm. Advices received by this mail from B. C. Burstall, Esq., speak confidently of the formation of his direct steamship company. From other reliable sources we have corroborative evidence that Air Burstall’s anticipations are not more sanguine than his pros pects justify. The Lon. the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, » chairman of a public meeting of the citizens of i Melbourne, held in July last, relative to the slave ' trade between the islands of the South Pacific and Peru, received-through his Excellency Sir Charles Darling, by tho mail that arrived on Friday last, a communication from his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, acknowledging tho receipt of the peti tions adopted at the meeting lo both brandies of the Imperial Legislature, praying that steps might bo taken for tbo restoration of tho natives kidnapped from the Pacific Islands by ships sailing under the Peruvian flag and also for their future protection. The communication, which is dated tho 10th of October, status that the petitions would be duly pre sented to the Lords and Commons during the fol lowing session of Parliament mid that the Peruvian Government had already informed hor Majesty’s Government that they hud put a stop to the traffic. Noll ling, however, is said about tho restoration of those already kidnapped. The following noble act of reparation deserves every publicity. The name of James M‘Henry, to all Liverpool residents, used to ho synonymous with bold enterprise— lie has now proved bis title to far higher consideration. There are many persons in Melbourne to whoin Ids name and early career are familiar:—“A few years ago (iu 185 i) Mr James MTlenry, American merchant, in Liverpool, like many other houses, succumbed to the pressure of the time ; hut Mr MTleiiry's energy and integrity remained, though his other resources had departed. Ho regained his position iu tho commercial world, and a few days ago Mr Mozloy, the Liverpool banker, on opening one of his London letters, found a cheque on the Lank of England for £47,000, with the name of ' James M‘Henry’ attached. It covered the sum, with interest, due to the hank of Mr Mozloy (Bnnmd and Cos.) when he stopped payment. This act of Mr MTXonry needs not one, word of comment.” The aspect of tire weather on Saturday afternoon being somewhat suspicions, there was not so large an attendance at the promenade concert in Eitzroy Gardens ns might have been expected. Nevertheless in spite of tho occasional showers in the early part of tho afternoon, and rather watery clouds later, there was a fair muster round tho head quarter volunteer bandi The hand played with considerable precision and taste. ' John Badcock, Esq., Melbourne, manager of the Bank of New South Wales, who has been in Europe on leave of absence for some months, purposes re turning to ‘ Melbourne by the overland mail of De cember. The All-England Eleven sailed from, the Sand ridge liailway Bier on Monday last, by the Alham bra, for Owgo. They arc to be away a month, and immediately on their return play at CusUeraainc. Pleura-pneumonia is proving generally fatal to horses iu the Western Port district. Advices were on Saturday received by persons in Melbourne Laving Lorres running there to remove them with out den y, as uie disease was spreading rapidly. Tho lion. H. C. E. Qliildors Ins lately been on a tour in Spain. WLiisi travelling lie was suddenly seized with gastric fever: but, ul deparlvva of last mail, ho had so f«v recovered as r v take his depar ture for England by the P. and 0. Company's steamer Klpuu. A meeting of the directors o' the Caledonian Society was held at the Society’s offices. Port Phillip Club Hotel. Fits dors street, on Saturday afternoon lest. Mr J. S. Butters, vice-president, m the chair. The mealing was convened principally for the pur pose of receiving, thron L -h Mr rfbPitugkw, bon. secretary, a cononunicßwon from the Government gran ting to the society a site in the Jala Z micgical •Gardens f..r a permanent, grand stand for uin uc convinodu.i'in ol visitors at the Caledonian games. The .directors present, iho hem. treasurer, Mr G. Simpson, and several men: o»rs of the society, accom panied by one of the Government surveyors, sub sequently visitid the ground, had it pegged off, and obtained possession. A testimonial was presented to Mr 0. A. Saint, tho late editor of the Mount Alexander Mail, by tho, principal residents of Castlemaine, cn Friday, tho 22nd hist., at the Theatre Royal. With the testimo nial was an epergue, or centre piece, of which the following is a brief description:—Tho nr.iclo is nearly oi> oz in weight, and is about 20 inches in height. The base is embossed, uiih u group) of four figures; one representing Commerce, with a chert in one baud, and the Caducous or Mercury in the other, sitting on n bale of wool ( me of the staples of the colony), with a locomotive engine on one side/ and an anchor on tho other. To the right is the. Husbandman; with scythe mid reaping-hook. On tire left is the Digger, •'washing-up," his dish con tainin'; satisfactory evidences of his good luck. At the buck, as emblematic of the original state of the , colony, is an aboriginal, in the act of throwing a spear. Tho whole of those emblematical figures arc exceedingly well modelled and executed. The cup is supported by a couple of griffins, beautifully frosted, and surrounded by a series of Bacchanalian heads, all differently modelled, indicative, we pre sume, of what the contents of the cup should he—of good faith and generosity of which good wine is n friend. The cover of the cup bears a series of models, representing tho characteristics of Australian bush scenery—the eucalyptus, the emu, the kangaroo, &c.;, displayed under clusters of the vine. Springing from tho cover is a column, beautifully chased, ter minating iu elaborate foliage, the whole being sur mounted by a figure representing Victoria, with gold at , her feet, crowning Industry at tho base. This figure, however, is moveable, the foliage at the head of tho column forming a cup for tho reception of llowcrs. This exquisite specimen of tho silversmith’s art was designed and manufactured by Mr Loviuy, of Castlemaine. The cup will bear the following in scription :—“ Presented 31st December, 1863, to Charles Abraham Saint, by his friends and fellow citizens, in recognition of many services rendered, ns editor of the Mount Alexander Mail, to tho town and district of Castlemaine, from September, 1854, to December, 1863.” We understand that another ingenious attempt at smuggling by the Chinese was last week detected, the goods being, as on former occasions, confiscated, the difference being that, iu respect, to former attempts, the New South Wales Government, in this instance, instead of our own, was intended to have been victimised. The circumstances were os follow:—An export entry was passed for thirty seven cases of Chinese tobacco, but the Customs officer, having reason from former experience to bo jealous of such transactions, insisting on opening and examining tho packages, had his zeal rewarded by finding opium neatly packed in the midst of the tobacco in such a manner ns to bo certain to escape the notice of a superficial examination. It is evi dent it was calculated that tho goods being sent from Melbourne, where so many frauds have already been detected, would be received at Sydney without any suspicion. By a letter received from Mr Walter Craig, by this month’s mail, tho Star learns that Messrs Spiers and Pond, to whom we are indebted for tho first visit of tho All-England Eleven, have succeeded in distancing all competition for tho whole of the re freshment rooms on tho London, Chatham aud Dover Kail way, as well as on tho Metropolitan Railway, On tho latter, the railway company is now | eroding most extensive premises tor the firm at Margate and Ramsgate. Messrs Spiers and Pond have commenced their old Australian business in London on a most extensive scale. As showing the ravages committed in the district by caterpillars, the Scarsdalc Mail states that forty acres of oats which last year realised neatly £ooo. will this year hardly pay the expense of cutting and threshing. The following is a return of the quantity of land taken up under free selection during the past year at the land office, Albury. It docs not include land sold at auction or land selected under the clauses of tho Land Act of 1881 Quarter end ing March, 1803, 21 Wa 2r 32p; do, June, 85y8a; do, September, 2789 a Or Ip ; do, December, 6094 a; total, 19,592 a 2r 23p. The quantity of land sold in 1803 amounted to only 6014* lr. Tho sales for 1863 therefore exceed those of tho previous year to the extent of 18,94.8 a lr 33p. Tho last exploits of Morgan, tho bushranger, arc said to be the sticking up of Mr, Ariel, the store keeper, of Corowa, from whom ho took £8 in cash, and complete suits of clothing, underclothes, &c.;, valued iu all at £3O. Morgan seems to have two mates, os he took from tho cart three of everything. He has also taken a very fine Arabian entire horse, belonging to Mr T. Henty. The horse had been purchased for 1000 guineas, mid presented to the Messrs Henty hy their agents in India. He was celebrated there as a winner. At the annual dinner given to the gentlemen in their employ, by tho linn of Messrs W. Watson and Sons, importers, of this city (at the Caf6 on Satur day evening),-opportunity was taken to present Mr Robert Watson (who is about to pay a visit to the old country) with a testimonial iu tiro shape of a handsomely mounted emu’s egg, with an inscription expressive' of the high esteem in which he is held bv all in the employ of the firm. Full justice having been done to tho collation supplied by Messrs Mull am and King, the remainder of the evening was spent in an exceedingly pleasant manner, and tho company separated at an early hour. The production of Professor Pepper's Ghost, of London celebrity, the preparations for which were lately recorded, drew a tolerably good audience at the Princess’s Theatre on Monday. Before the curtain was raised, an explanation was given that, in consequence of some misunderstanding with the theatrical agent, the drama, which was expected to have been played in connection with the ghost, could not be presented. The first illusion produced upon the stage was that of an elegantly-dressed lady, who sang several stanzas of a ballad. The representa- tion was complete and shown to perfection, and, but for the knowledge that it was a reflection, the observer might have been deluded into the belief that it was real flesh and blood, more especially as the noise seemed to proceed from it, and the lips moved, as giving utterence to the words. Gradually, as the light was lowered, the ilusion grew indistinct, until the bare outline of the figure was alone discernible, and then it altogether vanished. In an instant it was again shown as clearly as before, and the song was repeated. Several other illusions were pro- duced, and with equal success. One fault, however, if it may be so called, was apparent in the figures re- maiiiin-g e'ta‘>o:i'.v:y ns long as i hoy were shown; and, 1 besides, nothing was done to demonstrate their, tin- I real character, they being mc oiy produced like so i ninny pictures. These defects will, no dor.br, be ! remeuied for the Imuro ami, wl:-:n a dramatic per- i Xonnance is pat forward in Conner don 'with 'tho i illusions, too enicrcainnienS will be rendered ; more interesting. Mr G. Vy. Cos-ford afterwards | made some experiments in elestro-biclogy upon a j number of subjects who volunteered or on she singe, with aca: .’y the whole of whom he succeeded admira- ■ bly, and kept the audience in coolininU'mirth. J A meeting of the members of the Lean dvr Club i was.-held, iu Marshall's Hotel, Monday evening, for. j the purpose of making arrangement far the resump- 1 lion oi scratch matches, interrupted by the recent ! floods. After some deliberation, it was arranged ' that scratch matches should in future bo hold ou the j first Saturday of every mouth ; or, should the won-' ther be unfavorable on that day, the matches to I come off on the following Saturday. The course : will be from the railway bridge to Bnmdrcth’s ferry, j a distance of about a mile. The races ou Saturday f will he with four-oared- boats. The start for I -the first heat will be at three o’clock, and for the second at four o'clock. Some pair- oared races will come off’ during the luoulT. Considering tho cx pertness of tho members of the club, these matches are likely to excite a considerable amount of in terest amongst tnose who take an interest in boat ing. A meeting of the committee of the depositors in the Provident Institute was held in the Mechanics’ Institute, on Monday evening, for the purpose of re ceiving propositions from the past and present I shareholders, ns to a compromise of their liabilities, j Our reporter attended, and was informed that the t proceedings wore of a strictly private nature. • The usual weekly meeting of the City ■ Council was held Monday afternoon. The most interest ing portion of the proceedings was the reading of an autograph letter from his Excellency Sir Henry ; Barkly, late Governor of this colony, addressed , to Mr Edward Cohen, the ex-mayor of this city, acknowledging tho receipt of an engrossed copy of tho address presented to him hy tho corporation of Melbourne, before his departure from Melbourne’?' His Excellency promised, in tho event of receiving a favorable report of his. portrait, which Mr Clarke was painting for the Parliament, that a copy of it should be made for the town hall. The letter meu , tioned that Lady Barkly and himself liked the Mauritius very much, and it concluded with tho assurance that they should never forget tho pleasant days they passed in Victoria, and the many friends they had left there. Payments to tho amount of £261 2s 2d were ordered. The resignation of Cr. Lyons was accepted upon payment of the usual penalty of Is. There were twenty-six applications for appointment as city valuators, and the following six were elected :—Messrs Phair, Morrow, Morris? Johnston, Hartwell and Gallond. £38,000 was fixed as tho amount necessary, in addition to the town fund, to defray the expenses of carrying into effect the provisions of the several Acts relating to the corporation. ° Tho annual meeting of tho Victorian Society of Blues, formed in 1861 for tho relief of persons educated at Christ’s Hospital, London, was held, Tuesday afternoon, at Mr Perry’s offices, Collins street west. Mr Oowderoy occupied tho chair. Tbo following members were present Lieutenant Woods, R.N., and Messrs Henry Jennings, I), Cow deroy, George Foord, W. Perry, O. Mould, and E. Whitby, The first business yraa the consideration of the report and balance sheet, which were v the chairman, and adopted. The report ; that the history of the society during the had varied but little from that of previ^m* 1 ' Tho committee hod helped those of their brettf*' whose necessities had boon brought under notice, in some cases by loans repayable by sach % means ns suited the circumstances of the born. and in other cases by gratuities. or nsing prf vale once in obtaining suitable employment wheroreon; A number of additional brethren had revealed solves during tho pout year in different parts of a*’ colony, seven of whom were in Geelong, -fhe t, snrer’s accounts showed a somewhat leas favorali state of the funds than at the close of the preced" year, tho balance in hand being merely £29 low and the outstanding loans £B. On the moth '', Mr Jennings, Messrs Cowderoy, Whitby and B*i were re-appointed directors for the ensuing V a> The other office-bearers were appointed as —Treasurer, Mr Mould ; trustees, Messrs IW Jj Cowderoy; and auditors, Licnt. Woods and M Jennings. Mr Welch was appointed secretary mt collector for tho ensuing year at a salary to by the directory, A vote of tbanks was then pass*} to the retiring office-bearers and tho meetb! separated. _• •> . Seven hundred and eighty letters were on Tuesday despatched by Mr Stephens, in his private bag to Sandridge in time for the supplement mail. This satisfactorily proves tho great accoSa modalion to tho public of making up a bag j n bourne at a late hour instead of compelling munbtri of persons to take their late correspondence to Snndridgc. . J Wo learn that in consequence of Mr Charles Kean being unable, through severe indisposition to leave Sydney for eight or ten days, his appearance at the Theatre Royal, Ballaavat, is unavoidable postponed. ' The annual meeting of the members of the Mel, bourne Mechanics’ Institute was held on Tuesday —the president in- the chair. The annual repot; and balance-sheet submitted by the directory rend by the secretary and adopted. The report set forth that the receipts for tho past year had been £1325 Is 4d, being a decrease of £134 8s Od from those of tho previous year. This decrease had been ascertained to have arisen in the sums received for class fees. The total liabilities on the 21st December were £451 lls sd, including tl )e amount due to members for library deposits as against the sum of £SOB 8s for the previous vear. The number of members on the annual roll for the past year was set down at 669, being 31 less Uia a during 1862. Several matters in connection with the management of tho library and the classes which had been established in the institute were also dealt until iii the report, a lengthy abstract of which will bo found in another column. Mr John Edwards sen., was appointed president of the institution > and Mr Thompson, M.L.A., vice-president for the ensa. ing year. Tho other office- bearers were also duly elected. A tedious discussion afterwards ensued upon several notices of motion, which nlli mutely fell to tho ground. One of them was by Mr Godfrey, complaining of the course pursued bv the retiring members of the committee in offering themselves for re-election, as being prejudicial to the interests of the institution ; and another by Mr Barnett, proposing to dispense with tho services of the present secretary, and appoint a general ma nager at a reduced salary of £l5O. Tho former motion was merely supported by the mover and seconder; but the latter fared worse, as it obtained no seconder- The other officers were appointed os follows:- Vice-President; Mr J. Thomson, M.L.A Trustees : The Hon. 11. Heales, M.L.A., MrMoubray ami Mr Tneodotius J. Sumner. Treasurer; The hon. D. E. Willde, M.L.C. Auditors: Messrs Barrett and Cock. The curators for the past year were re-appointed, as follows : Rev. A. Morisou, Geok-gy and Mineralogy; Godfrey Uowltl, M. 13., F.i1.E.8.5., Entomology, Botany, and Aborigines; W. Ford, Chemical and Philosophi cal department; R. Eades, M.D., Antiquarian and Miscellaneous department;. W. S. Hearn. A.M., LL.D.. Fine Avis. The following gentlemen were appointed members of the committee of manage ment in place of those of tho committee retiring by rotation Messrs .Gibbs, Stephens, Alston, Burtt, Godfrey, Greevcs, Dimvoudie, Pun lei, Lush, and Sunderland. Several changes have recently taken place in tho railway department. The Geelong Advertiser savs; been issued, and that Mr Jeremy’s appointment is no longer a matter of doubt, but a matter of fact. After a probationary period of six months, the office of traffic superintendent of the Victorian railways has been conferred npon Mr Jeremy, and that gen tleman is now entitled to receive back pay between the salary he was formerly receiving and that of £750 annum. Mr Feehou is to receive the appoint ment of assistant traffic superintendent, at a salary of £SOO per annum. Mr Tetley is appointed inspec tor, at £450 per annum. Mr Manley is transferred from Geelong, os station master, to Bollaarat West. Mr Becket, from Footscray to Bollaarat East. 3lv O’Malley, from a clerkship at Geelong, to bo station master at Footscray. Mr Gibson, as goods clerk at Bhllaarat West, to Geelong. Mr Bruce, to Ballaarat West from Geelong, vice Gibson. Mr Barton Grave (an officer whose services were always over looked by r the late Government), from the goods sheds, Melbourne, to be station master at Lai Lai. Mr Keeraus, late secretary to the Melbourne and Suburban Railway, has also received promotion. Mr Hammet proceeds to-day to take charge of tho Lancefield station.” A most undignified scene is stated by the Adver tiser to have taken place at tho Geelong Police Court, on Monday last, during the hearing of a charge of robbery preferred against two men named Robinson and Reynard. It appears that the police Magistrate was twice interrupted in his examination of a witness by Mr Myles. On the second occasion tho interruption was so manifest as to induce the Police Magistrate to rise and leave the bench. The Advertiser remarks that ns “ the legal adviser of the bench, the Police Magistrate, even when not sitting as chairman, should bo allowed considerable latitude in examining in cases of felony, especially where there is no professional gentleman employed for the prosecution, and when at the same time the prisoners have tho benefit of a solicitor. Mr Myles would have shown much more good sense if he had listened more to tho evidence and asked fewer questions. But to interrupt another justice in the act of examina tion is quite unpardonable.” , A large deposit of kaolin is reported to have been discovered by a Mr J. Sweeting, about six miles from Bollaarat, The Star says The party awds in the kaolin, and at that depth it was np- S L utb as good as at the top. Mr Sweeting be- FS that kaolin might advantageously bo used in Uminufactoro of fire-bricks, of which there is a waut in this district.” ° ~ , b0 Police Court, on Wednesday, in the Cape Webster, District Surveyor, v. J. Kchirison. Gorrbn. for neglecting to make im «v«monts on Crown lauds bought under tho Ni psVon Loud Act, Mr Webster applied for an ad- Fmirnnient on tho part of tho Government, but the bench dismissed the cose without prejudice. Under the heading of “ A waif from the sen,” the following paragraph, copied from the Dundee idrerhser, appears in the Glasgow Morning Jour fll of 6th November“ A woman belonging to tho neighborhood of Elio, while coming along Largo Sands the other day, picked up n bottle below high wnler mark, firmly corked with paper, which evi lenllv had been in contact with fire. Tho bottle Intaiucd the following statement, plainly written on »slip of soiled paper 4 Lord Raglan, Sep. 24th —Fire broke out in the fore cabin, and is destroy ing the ship.’ This paper is carefully kept, and may be seen by any who may feel interested in the natter ’’ There must bo either a mistake in tho date or the whole paragraph is undoubtedly a stupid hoax. The Lord Raglan sailed on tho 23rd of February, and on tho 24th March was spoken in lat. 1° North, lou" 22 s West, after which she was never hoard' of. The above paragraph, it will be observed, does not state where the Lord Raglan was at tho' time she Us bciug burnt, and this is a fact which most cer tainly would uot have been omitted from any docu ment which might have been thrown overboard. It j 3 besides most improbable that the Lord Raglan Us seven months nt sea before being burnt, and that'she was then in such a position that a bottle thrown overboard would bo carried to the east coast of Scotland in loss than six weeks. The following account of the Royal Standard, a new auxiliary screw steamship, now on her voyage to this port, is given by the Australian Mail: —She belongs to Messrs H. T. Wilson and Cham bers the owners of the White Star- line of packets, and has been bail t expressly for tho Australian passenger trade. The Royal Standard is 2032 tons, with en gines working up to 500 horse power. Her model und ri" are those of a first-class clipper ship, with a liftin'' o screw, so that with fair winds she would, under sail alone, rival the speed of the fastest sail ing vessels; and at other limes, with her screw down, she would be enabled to make rapid way asaiust the light balding winds and calms met with near the equator, ihe Royal Standard has been built under special survey. Her saloons are exten sive and handsomely furnished; behind these are the poop sleeping berths. She is amply supplied with baths, Ac., the ladies’ bath being quite apart, with separate private entrances. .. The sleeping rooms are completely furnished. The steamer is provided with large apparatus for distilling fresh water for all ou board during the voyage, with large cooking ranges, bakeries, and all the various desi derata for a Jong voyage.” Mr Edward Cope has come forward as a candidate lor the representation of Ballaarat West, and there is but little doubt that ho will bo returned. The only other candidate spokcu of who would stand the ili<'htest chance of being elected is Mr Kuruear, sad it is not likely that he will command the suCragcs of a mining district, since it is well-known that ho comes forward as the representative of a party totally opposed to mining on private property under any conditions. Recording the progress of acclimatisation in the diilrict, the Ballaarat Star says :-r-“ Mr Fleisch hauer, of tho Ballaarat Vineyard, Dead Horse, in forms us that he has repeatedly noticed on his grounds a flight of five English larks. He is under uo misapprehension in the matter, and presumes them to be parent birds and three yonng ones. Lmkr any circumstances, they are sufficiently numerous to lead to the conclusion that the lark, if not molested, will become permanently established m that neighborhood.” A reunion of the ladies and gentlemen who had ken interested in the Eastern Hill Bazaar und Ex hibition look place on Tuesday evening, in St. George’s Presbyterian Church, Collingwood. About one hundred ladies and gentlemen were present, and a veiy agreeable evening was spent. The weekly meeting of the Central Flood Relief Committee was held, Wednesday afternoon, in the Mayor’s room, in the Town Hull. The members pre fent were the Mayor, the Rev. Messrs Downing and M’Michacl, and Messrs Carson, Gressou, O’Brien, Balfour, Fitzgibbon, Cunningham and the hon. (.feretory. The minutes of tho previous meeting" having been read and confirmed, a report compiled by Mr Sturt, P.M., containing particulars of the sixty-aino cases at present brought under tho no tice of the committee for relief, was submitted for inspection. Tho total amount of the loss in those cases was set down at about £43,300. The secre tary intimated that farther inquiries were being instituted by the police into the most doubtful cases, and another more detailed report would be furnished in a few days, for tho guidance of the *ommUle iu dispensing the fund. Tho treasurer reported the balance in band was £353 4s. It was resolved to engage two additional collectors, it be ing considered that the two already appointed would not be able in a sufficiently short lime to canvass tho whole of tho city. His Worship the Mayor, who presided at tho City beach Wednesday, declined to order the witnesses in lease before the court to withdraw, when requested lo do so by Mr Read. He intimated that the magis trates had the option of compliance with this fre quent request, but, that though they might order tho witnesses out, if any of them disregarded the order, thtir evidence afterwords could not be rejected. In support of this view he read an extract from : Slanders for (ho guidance and edification of tho I gentlemen practising in the court. IVcare informed that in tho year 1851 Prince | Augenstenburg Norshead, the present claimant of ;IU Schleswig Holstein Duchies, visited tho Aus ; Indian colonies us Lieutenant GranwalA. I We take the following relative to a returned Audrafian—Mr Thomas Splatt, formerly a merchant .ofihia.citj —from tho Exeter Western Times of tho ; November: —“ Plate, the residence of tho late t Jam Crocker Bailee!, has been sold to Squire Splatt, from Australia, for £150,000. Old country families ,rill feel a shudder at this change ot ownership, rleto hath been many a time and oft jocund with me merry laugh of the late squire, whose 4 hearty ’ spirit, great talent and unbounded humor made him 3 £ reai favorite with the squires, even though ho had parried a daughter of tho late und great Earl Grey. Mr Splatt is a Devonshire man, and of good ‘wage.’” 