SOLEMN COMMUNICATION. ( From a departed one.) Prince of Critics, and dread Rhadamanthus of infernal Editors, with a wider and nobler jurisdiction than that old one of the Cy chicles — I transmit to you, Mr. Punch, a fragment found among the hoarded treasures of the intellect of my dear and lamented friend Penny-a- Liar the last. Ho sank, the latest and noblest victim of a,n age which believes in scientific ghosts, and revolts at the elaborate descrip tive power which invested the commonest affairs of life with a dignity and impressiveness that are now only appreciated by one or two of the friends of Yours admiringly, P.A.L.'s Literary Executor. The Lay of the last "Penny-a-Liar." The street was clear, the stars were out, His watch he'd just put up the spout; His trousers and his paletot Told of his funds being rather low, His proof, poor genius' latest revel, Was carried by an orphan ' devil ' — The last of all the Knights was he Of Penny-a-Liar chivalry. For, lack-a-day, their time was past, He Lingered on alone — the last ; He passed unloved, unread, unpaid, And wished him where the rest were laid. No more in 'bus or hansom borne, He drove to inquests in the morn — No longer near the ' crowner's ' chair, With jury and the body there, He wrote the awful bloody tale, At which the purple-nose grew pale : Old times were changed, old tastes had fled, And no one cared about the dead. The critics of a soulless age, Had smiled upon his simple page, A breadless writer — with a tear In either eye — without his beef, He wrote for some Provincial scraper, What might adorn a Morning paper. He passed where Herald's lighted stories, Flare out the daily press's glories, The Penny gazed with wishful eye, The Empire's lighted halls were nigh, With trembling step the porch at last Of — I'm sure I don't know which — he pass'd ; But whichever's editorial staff Had hurled back genius with a laugh, And welcomed with unfeigned glee The child of me-di-o-cri-ty. The Printer looked upon his face, And knew at once his name and race, He piled on high the cheerful log, And ordered several " goes " of grog — For he himself, though now so sup- -Erbly adorned, had been hard up,— Had published most inferior leaders, : And wept the woes of many readers ! When pure ' cognac ' had touched his brain, And Penny was himself again, Gone was his trouble and his pain, And he began to talk anon Of many murderers dead and gone — Of Lynch and Knatchbull, and the rest, Who juries thought to hang were best, And how full many a tale he knew Of Darling hurst and Cockatoo : And would the Printer only sport Sufficient tin for a report, Though tame his style, though blunt his pen, He thought e'en yet that once again He could the mighty broadsheet flood, With tales of bruisings— burnings — blood! Then lighted up his faded eye, With all Martell's intensity, In rounded periods, hot and strong, He told his tale of shame and wrong. His unpaid bills, his dreary lot, His tailor, laundress, all forgot ; Imagination filled the void, Which vulgar fact had not supplied, And while his glass responsive rung, 'Twas thus the Latest Liar sung. 