BAUT - {! MONDAY, 218T MAECH, 1864. J THE ÄIFLE GORPS. IF Britons never shall be slaves," we pre sume they mast be always ready to fight. That, we take it, is a proposition that every body will admit on this side the millenium. It will as readily be admitted, no doubt, that if we are to be ready to fight we must have some sort of fighting organisation. Be it a regular army, a militia, or a volunteer force, something in the form of trained soldiers mast be had, or we shall' oe liable any day to be conquered, if not enslaved. , Upon this ground we have been making experiments here, as they have at home, in the way of a volunteer organisation, the country relying in the absence of the Queen's troops upon it3 own resources for its own de fence. But it is only an experiment as yet with us whether our defensive organ isation, is to be voluntary or compulsory. Bach plan has its advocates, and good argu ments may be nsed in favor of either system, the decision being, we apprehend, contingent upon the actual working of the existing plan of voluntaryism. At first the experiment was rather loose., it was, in fact, extremely voluntary, and Jack was pretty nearly as good as his master, if not a good deal better; but the later regulations have improved the thing as to its theory, albeit in Ballarat as much can hardly yet be said of the practical part of the business', By the new' regulations the volunteers either must become something like soldiers, or fall-back into the " as you were" of pure civilian life. There are certain com pulsory drills, and a certain compulsory^term nf service ímDOsed noon all who :lik» rn inin the force, and thus there is superimposed upon the voluntary basis some of the value; belonging to militia or, compulsory organisa-: lion, it can Le dly be said that the new regulations "ave been worked long enough to settle the question whether the voluntary system shall be superseded by a, purely., militia plan ; but, as we said before, so far as the country and its executive are concerned, the question is purely a practical, not' a sentimental one. If the volunteers do not come forward in sufficient -. numbers and if when they have come forward they do not hold together and become efficient soldiers-as efficient, that is, as a good militia force would be-it is clear that a militia must be called out. This game of soldiering is no play-game-no merely ornamental divergence from the stale round of ordinary duties; and if the volunteer movement be not a serious one, having in it the eletaeats of persistence and consistence, the sooner it is put.a stop to the better. Ta use a vjalgar phrase, -it is touch and go with us as to war or peace, seeing the gathering war clouds of Europe and America, and we cannot afford to be in doubt about the means of self-defence. To the men who, ir this district and throughout the colony, have taken upon themselves the .task of learning to be .soldiers, the country owes a de'.t ol gratitude and admiration just so far as thal task has been taken tip and borne with t manly sense of patriotic duty. We are in< dined, to the opinion that the public generali} has not done justice to the volunteers In Ballarat, at all events, the movement' hai sot been properly supported. We had occa sion, only last week, to. draw attention, to. thi present condition of the Rifle Corps, as show jag both that the public did not appréciât the claims of the corps, and that the corn did not appreciate its own position. For wast of funds the corps lias lost its band, and when, an appeal was made to the public on St. Patrick's Day to support a pro gramma if sports in aid of the corps, not only didi the public decline to respond, hot there vas presented the singular spectacle of half the corps absent from its own gathering, its commanding officer himself being among the absentees. Of course there were causes for all this. We might scold the public for its want of appreciation of the men whose self-denial-for, let sneerers say what they may about the volunteers being moved by the vanity of seeing themselves in uniform, there is io little self-denial necessary to the real working volunteer,-we might scold the public for its non-appreciation of the merits of the movement ; but to wbat purpose ? We might tell " my gentle public" that it ought to subscribe to the funds of the corps, and : give the corps, say, an annual dinner or some ; thing of that sort, by way of recognition of i its value and patriotism, but our homily would be met by an allusion to the want of cohesion and soldierly subordination ia the corps itself as a justification of the coldness of public es teem. We should be told that -the corps is not so large as this populous town ought tc furnish, that the officers do not agrée among themselves, and that the corps is, in fact dying from the centre outwards, and wili soon give np the ghost altogether. By lest I gloomv on-lookers we should be told tba the corps is in a very bad state of health but has a good constitution, and that «hen it is off the sick-list the public will take it in hand, do it alt honor, and subscribe liberally to its fonds. Now, whichever of these, or whatever other view may be taken of the corps, it is clear that the fate of the corps' is almost entirely in its own hands. As we said just now, so we repeat, we do not think the citizens of Ballarat have dona justice to their citizen soldiers. The town ought to keep the corps out of debt, and to furnish not only a full muster-roll, but a full roll of ef fectives. These axe reciprocal duties. The pub lic owes to itself an effort adequate to the crea tion of a good corps as to numbers and -effi ciency, and the corps being created the public ought to show enough interest in it to save it from the necessity of resorting to suits, tn forma pauperia as it were, for pecuniary «ap port. It is almost ridiculous to : suppose that the present corps is «n adequate expression of ^the interest this town really has in the de fence of the country. A town of 25,-000 in habitants ought to furnish more than from 100 to 150 effective rifles, and jet this,town jdoes not do 'more, and in fact hardly does; so swob;' while Creswick, which is" so .much smaller, very nearly equals in absolute num bers ^and efficiency the~ftrce furnished i»y Ballarat wiüi its greatly superior population. -But ifihe corps we liad were united and kept in luvdsj our positon would not be so bad, «sd üiesBjm^hilM good zjßason io hope foi tta&aecoming; when. » «onslahi effécûvt roll equal to Ute Government allowance would exist here ; while it would need but a short alarm of war to induce the public I to subscribe liberally to the maintenance of the email wants of the corps, orfíhe Government to permit the raising of a larger, local force to meejine times and tbë spirit of the people. As tilings ^are, however, we be hold a corps with its commanding officer and its committee at loggerheads, and letting their bellicose instincts talos, die very un fioldierlike form of hostile advertisements in .the jJubh'c jom^alSj " colonel, and captains. play - at .cross-purposes, sergeants and pri vates talk mutinously, and resignations alike t)f offiora-^d nwn^are-matters -of 4aily rumor. Plain people will ask what is|the use of a corps that cannot manage its own affairs and that washes.its dirty linen so very pub licly? /When the chief officer; goes off parade because some of his men nave not complied with orders, and when the com mittee of the corps falls* out with its com manding' officer and fails to secure the confi dence of its own constituents, what can the public do but ask if this is the «taff the ^country is to lean upon in the hour of trial? IGIearly these citizen soldiers must first learn j _A AI_1_u. r_.1_rn_J to command themselves before they will com mand thé respect Vir the confidence of the public, and we question very much whether it is not desirable that Colonel Anderson should make some inquiry into the state of things in the corps before it falls to pieces from utter incapacity of self-control. If the present condition of the corps cannot be mended, then it will follow as an obvious conclusion that it must be disbanded and a fresh start made, or the fact admitted that, I in Ballarat at least, there is -no hope for the country but in a militia. We say at once I that we "should regret to see such a confes sion made, and we would advise the corps, 1>oth officers and mea, to try at once and make up its "differences. If there are any really impracticable members of the corps let them be requested to resign, no matter what their rank, but let there first be a spirit of concession displayed on ali sides,60 as, if pos sible, to avert that last resource. In the colonel the corps has a good soldier, and we would be loath to suppose that he is' wanting in either the tact or the power requisite for the proper ordering of a body of .willing men, while the fact «tares us boldly in the face that, from infirmity of temper or pure insub ordination, the corps is out of discipline and divided against itself. The grand Sunbury muster is at han't, and we understand that it is doubtful who of the corps will go, or ii anybody will go. One says, " I won't go if the colonel doeß'nt go," and ' the colonel says, I won't go if- ' "tue band does'nt go;" the orderly - sergeant is sues one order ' and the colonel issues -another, and thus the cohesion and unit? of action, which are the verv soul of military organisation, are, as it would seem, utterly wanting. If we have; put the pa- SB: .too broadly-if we have made the patient out to be worse than he really is, we -shall be glad to see the better symptoms. Of this one thing the corps may be well certified:-that if it is to be of any use to the public, and to have JBLUJ public respect it must possess the central «lenients, if not all the perfected ornaments of the true soldier-spirit. .Mutual trust and per fect subordinatioa "are essential to. the success of volunteers, and if that be impossible then we have nothing left but enforced - subordination and the Jower military develop ment in the form of a militia. We say the lower- development of a militia, be cause we hold that a militia is as much lower than efficient voluntaryism as enforced ser vice is less valuable than willing service. Military service, in the sense of public, utility, means reliableness and efficiency. They are impossible without subordination, and first of all they should learn obedience who aspire to the superior responsibilities of superior rank. If voluntaryism be incompatible with that sort of service to the public, then we must admit that, whatever its abstract beauties maj be, it lacks the one thing needful, and must go the way of all ** unrealities." If we will not voluuteer to obey ,we must be forced to obey, and,: sb far as.this district is concerned the Ballarat Rifle Corps, officers as well as men, has to say which it shall b-i. 