SHAKSPEARIAN LECTUltKS. Tho first of a series of lectures on Shakspoarian characters, for thu purpose of increasing tho fund towards founding ft scholarship in tho Melbourne University, as a memorial of Shakspeare, wus de livered by Mr Rusdcn, in St. George's Hall, yesterday evening. The chair was occupied by Dr. Brownless, vice-chancellor of the University. Thero wero also on the platform his Excellency Sir Charles Darling, tho hon. A. Michie, M.L.A., and the hon. J.' D. Wood, M.L.A. Tho general at t«ndanco was very small, thero not being quito a hundred persons present. The Chairman having briefly stated tho object for which the lectures woro intended, aud urged its importance and suitablo character, expressed a hope that all present would press upon their friends to attend the remainder of tho course. Ho con cluded his fow remarks by introducing the lecturer to tho meeting. Mr Iiusden, who was received with applause, then proceeded as follows : — In undertaking to deliver a lecturu upon ono of Shnkspoare's charac ters, I have extraordinary difficulties to contend with, as regards my inability to cope with tlio sub ject ; but I have, at tho samo time, great support ill the reflection that, however weak my comments may be, yef, when in illustrating my views I have to cito the words of tho great master himself, the music and the strength of his diction may atone to you for tliu d.scord or tho poverty of mine. Ono difficulty which attends a lecture upon any ordinary poet, lam at least spared. It is common to en deavor to rank one's subject as high as possiblo amongst other distingnised authors. Shakspeare goes forth alono ; und stands tho acknowledged ruler in the empire of tho mind. In other writers wo may often admire tho aptness with which nature is copied, but in him we forget the architeot, and look at his creations as wo would at tho works of nature herself. We talk of Moliere, of Jonson, of Racine, of Sheridun, of Congreve, and we can causo a series of pictures to pnss through our minds, showing, as it wore on a piano surface, and some times beautifully delinoatod, tho figures of a miser, a tyrant, a courtier, a spendthrift, or a libertino ; but nnderneath each of these representations we seem to soe the name of tho painter emblazoned, and wo aro reminded that wo look upon a mockery — a journeyman artificer has been there. But, when wo are spoken to of Shakspeare, swiftly there pass before us like so many oroatod beings Desdemona in her muto woo, Othello in his rash but prompted jea lousy ; Hamlet with the burden of sorrow, which he can neither cast away nor manfully support; Romeo and Juliet as they passionately loved and early died; tho terriblo portraiture of the third Richard ; the ferocious gleaming of Shylock's eyes as ho whets the weapon wherewith Antonio is to be rcmovod from sight ; tho mild but womanlike dignity of Portia as she pleads from the judgment seat for mercy in language which only Sliylock's hard heart could havo repelled ; Macbeth, bold and resolute ' while honest, but appalled by tho shadow of his sin, his wife, whose malignity was liko that of another world, but whoso delicato frame shrank under its unearthly load ; Isabel, whose gentle breast in tho causo of truth or mercy could make tho heart of thu haughty Angelo quail beforo her, but would ' wear the impressions of keen whips as rubies,' rather than redeem hor brother's safety with tho sacrifice of her innocence ; Perdita, who wants not Florizol to tell us all sho did was perfect ; Corio lanus, carved in tho true pride of a Roman ; Cassar, whoso fortunes had taught him to despise all dan ger, because. ho had overthrown all who had dared openly to confront him; Antony, whoso recorded acts seemed incredible till Shakspearo showed how worlds were lost and won ; and, at the close of this long lino of characters upon whom we all have gazed, Cordelia, in her silent but eloquent anguish, gazing on the couch of that ' poor infirm, weak and despised old man, fouracoro and upward,' 'more sinned against than sinning,' whoso great grief made him repine because his days were prolongod, aud of whom, when Cordelia was dead, tho sturdy and loyal Kent oxelaimod : — ' Vox not his ghost 1 O, let him pass, he hates him That would upon tho rack of this tough world Stretch him out longer.' Who thinks of the cunning limner, as these names aro recalled ? Who does not treasure tho impressions they create as something only less na tural, because more sublime, than his own 'experi- ence baa made known to him ? But it is not only the capabilities of human nature that Shakspearo seems to havo revealed to us — hp clothes tho ab stract ideas which hang mysteriously about us in such language that they grapple with our senses as. if wo had anticipated our hour of meeting them. Hear Claudio speak of death ! Hear Portia teach the attribute of mercy 1 Hear Theseus tell tho functions of a poet 1 Hear Hamlet- moralising on Yorick's skull 1 Again, how the vile fiends — envy, suspicion, hate and murder — aro made to start into bold relief boforo us when Hubortis temptod by John. But I must not delay to glance at passages which indicato tho general power of Shakspeare. My busiuess to-night is mainly with one of his charac ters. Permit me, howovor, to olose my general allusions with that glorious passage in the last of his works, ' Tho Tempest,' which shows how well he knew the passing nature of all tho world can give or tako away ; but which, coupled with tho first clause of his will, ' I commond my soul into the hands of God my Creator, hoping and assuredly be lieving, through tho only merits of my Saviour, to be made partaker of life everlasting ; and my body to tho earth whereof it is mado ' — which passage, I say, coupled with this clause, effectually makes known to us the fact that, endowed, as he was, with powers such as no other man has wielded, he humbly recognised tho source whence ho, as well as others, derh ed existence and support : — Our revols now aro onded : theso our actors, AsX forotold you, were all spirits, and Aro melted into air, into thin air: Aud like tho baseless fabric of Uii3 vision, The cloud-eapp'd towers, tho gorgeous palaces, The solemn temples, the great globe itself, Yea, all which it inherit, shall dissolve ; And, like this unsubstantial pageant fiuloil, Leavo not a rack behind. Wo aro such stuff As dreams are mado of, and our little life Is rounded with a sleep. So much has been written and said about Shakspeare that it is idle to hope to produce novelties about him, and I shall attempt nothing of the kind. I am grateful, indeed, whon an an tiquarian disentombs somo now facts about him, or whou some verbal ulteration is sug gested as occurring in manuscript showing what was really meant in some passage previously deeded obscure. But I confess I caro but littlo for such things with rogard to Shakspearo. I look on him iu the world of thought, as a grateful tiller of the na tural soil looks on the sun. Spots there may be, in the one or the other, and wo will not disputo tho accuracy of tho telescopes or the criticism which detect or discuss them. But Shukspearo warms our hearts, as tho suu ripens our crops, without stint or failure, throughout the habitable world ; and when we fool the nobler impuhos of our kind quickonod by his touch, w« respond not tho less truly to his inlluenco because there may bo somo spots upon his brightness, discorniblo by the tests of art, but in capable of depriving a grateful world of his genorul splendor, or of its genial effects. Ho goes down to tho west: liko a giant that has run his course, leav ing all creation richer and happier for his bonefits. There aro somo persons, however, who think that Shakspenro gives us too much fun. To them, tho dull delight of Dogberry, tho quick passes of Morcutio, the largo humor of Falstaff, aro out of place. Thoy would havo SUakspearo to be only a leading inembor of a '!. Serious Family :' beoauso thai/ are virtuous iu their own way with ginger-beer, no ono else shall havo cakes and alo. If Shakspearo had satisfied such people, he would have been sad and uunaturul to tho rost of the world. ' Thorp's a time to langb,' said tho wiso man of the East. ' Dulco ost desipero in loco.' IlV pleasant to bo foolish in season, siiid the shrewd courtier in tho astuto times of Augustus. Tho want of something to uubond thoir cast-iron frames mado our median-ill ancestors enoonrago or tolorato tho consorious justurs of old time. Wo still culti vate tho same kind of wisdom. Wo havo no jesters at Court now — but Punch and Punch's buccoss are only tt reproduction, in ft new shape, of tho old idoa. Unconfiuod to courts, however, tho press scatters his playfulness amongst nil, and who is so prudish as not to bid him good speed, so long as he laughs at folly nnd respects virtne; unmasks hypocrisy, and gives but a good-humored pinch now and then to awkward simplicity ? .Many people will not go to serious places whore they may bo put on tho stool of repentance in duo form boforo the elders, but aro yot toi- ribly nfraid of the modern hook-nosed follow who does as much conquering in his world, and as rapidly as Ciusar did iu tho old one. At about tho ago of thirty-threo Shakspearo wrote Henry IV. — giving us tho climacteric of his wit, humor, fun, and every other quality conducive to laughter. Never wan such a pair as tho humorous Prince Hal aud the fat Knight. 'Falaiaff, the inimitable! ' says burly Johnson, perforce shaking his own vast sidc3. 'Antiquity,' fays Thomas Campbell, ' has nothing l'ko him, nnd the world will never lock upon his liko again.' ' Wo oftcner laugh with than at him,' says Mackenzie, for bis humor is infinite and his wit admirable.' ' His lies, his vanity, and his cowardice loo gross to de ceive,' says Cumberland,' wero to be so ingenious as to givo delight ; his cunning evasions, his witty resources, his mock solemnity, his vaporing self cousequenco wero to furnish a continual feast for his royal companion. He was not only to bo witty him self, but the cause of wit in other people— a whet stone for raillery — a buffoon whoso very person was a jest. Componuded of those humors, Shakspearo produced the character of Sir John Falstaff, a cha racter which neither ancient nor modern comedy has ever equalled, which was so much the favorite of its author as to bo introduced in three several plays, and which is likely to bo tho idol of tho English- stago as long as it shall speak tho langnngo of Shakspeare.' The prince, as ho is ono of Shnkspeare's boat, so is ho ono of liia moat beloved creations. Ho seems to havo boen driven by a strong desiro to justify the conqueror of Franco before bis affectionate country. He does not dany, or keep out of eight, tho follies of Henry's youth ; but ho takes caro, in thu first act in which the Princo appears, to put his hoarors behind the scones and let tliem know that the loose beha vior thoy see is but a foil to that which shall come after:— I'll 30 offend, to make offence a skill, ltorlecming time when men least think I will. Brutus, to preserve himself for his country's servico, affected madness. Henry V.'s fathor, to wiu tho Crown, kept himself aloof. By beiug seldom seen, I could not stir But liko a comet I was wtndcrcd nt. And then I stolo all courtesy from heaven, And dressed myself in such humility That I did pluck allegiance from men's hearts, Loud shouts and ualuntions from their mouths, Even in the presence of the crowned king. m * ? ♦ The skipping king he ambled up and down. He was but as the cuckoo is in June Huard, not regarded. * ? ? Shakspearo's Henry V. aimed at greatness other wise. He seems to havo thought that a repetition of his father's astuteness would have alarmed the disaffected, und set them to prepare for a strugglo beforehand ; whereas, by affecting idleness, he could disarm their suspicion and make them confident that on the death of the father the son could ill maintain or guard tho Crown. It is worthy of remark, too, that Shakapcare makes him almost always a lnora liser even amongst his boon companions. Ho up holds their idlenoss, indeed, but ho shows in what estimation ho holds it. Ho is the wittiest dog among them, and yet wo are nevor allowed to think that ho is of them. Yet how can any bo wittier than his fat Jack? Content to be fooled, so that ho may fool others, and get his ha'porth of bread to au intolerable quantity of sack — his great carcaso bleeding jokes as it were, wherever it is pierced — ho overcomes tho priuco with his imperturbable good humor — tho hostoss by lm banter — tho Chief Justice alternately by his gravity aud wit — Master Shallow by his flatteries — and, indeed, every ono by his prosenco of body and mind. Ho does not at all object to being laughed at: so long as ho is a necessary companion. In tho midst of his sly dealings with Shallow, in the country, he ejaculates, ina fit of (for him) business notions: — 'I will devise matter enough out of this Shallow to keep Prince Harry in continual laughter,' -fcc, p. 428, act v., sec. 1. ' Men of all sorts,' ho says, ' tako a prido to gird at me. The brain of this foolish compounded clay — man — is not able to invent anything that tends to laughter more than I invont, or is invented by me. I am not only witty myself, but tho cause that wit is in other men.' A bold statement, this, for an, author to put in tho mouth of a character — but a truo one. Tho fact is that all Fulstaff's wit is natural, unforced, prompt. His aro not jokes rendy-trus3erl for the table beforo ho knows what his company are to he. He accommodates them as they come with tho most congenial viands. Self respect he has none, and ho never asks for respect except whon, us from Justice Shallow, he expects present profit, 'seeing no reaBon in tho law of nature why ho may not snap at him, as tho old pike does at tho young dace.' Many such foolish daco, young and old, no doubt he had devoured. As he himself says, if he wero sawed into quantities, he would . make four dozen such bearded hermit staves as Master Shallow. Yet, Shallow's own style is — ' Robert Shallow, Esquire, in tho oounty of Glostor, justice of peace and coran — yea, cousin Slender and custalorum, aye, nnd ratalorum too, and a gentle man born, master parson, who writes himself armigoro, and whoso people have dono so auy timo these three hundred years.' But to return to Fulstaff. What can exceed the humor, yet tho abasement, shown by Falstaff, whon Princo Henry upbraids him for running away at Gadshill ; where, after tho carriers havo beon robbed by Fulstaff and others, Priuco Uonry and Poins attack them and seize the booty 1 Tho virtuo of the jest, according to Poins, Vvho per suadeB the I'rinco to join him iu it, being the in comprehensible lies that this same fat roguuwill tell us whon wo meet at suppor. Let us have thesuppor scene : Tho Prince aud Poius reach the tavorn long beforo Falstaff, who, of course, imagines that thoy ran there beforo the robber. In ho comos, fat, hot, and as savage as his cowardice permits, because of the lost booty. [Hero the lecturer road, at length, tho suppor scene. Act ii, sc. 4.J But not even this can abash Fulstaff's impudence. While ho sends somo ono packing from tho door, Bardolph tells tho tale — how Falstaff hacked his own sword with his dagger, and persuaded his accomplices to do the same. Falstaff re-enters, aud is thus saluted by tho Prince : — Here comes lean Jack, &c.; Fulstaff is not a coward so much from more fear as from a fondness for ease, aud, boing pretty confident Princo Henry oan settle with tho shoriff, goes to sleep behind tho arras, and his pockets aro soarched. In tUcm is a bill of particulars. Out of whnt small trifles Shakspearo can make fun. Tho searching of his pockets gives occasion to Falstaff to complain of losing property in tho house (Act iii., sc. 3), ' I havo lost a seal -ring of my grandfather's.' Noxt wo have him recruiting, and who but Shakspearo could havo given us such, a picture of the misuse of the king's press ? ' If I ba not ashamed' (Act iv., sc. 2). No eyo, ho saj's, has seen such scarecrows. Yot when Princo Henry tells him they are pitifulrnscals, it would scorn that be had mado most careful cal oulations iutho mattor: ' Tut, tut, good enough to toss,' &o.; (Act iv., sc. 2). Aud no doubt his soldiers thought him a bloodthirsty fellow, who would lead thorn to glory. ' But hear him reason about the matter with himself : — ' Hal, if thou soest mo down' (Act v., sc. 1). Douglas gives him a chance of glory, but Falstnff ia too modest for it, and shams doutb. Prince Honry, with a touch of truo compassion, which would havo roftcbod a heart not so utterly selfish aBFnlstalFs, ox claims, ' What! old acquaintance, could not all this flesh koop in a littlp life?' But Fulstuff is neither so frightened at Douglas, nor so touched by the Princo'H kindness, as to ho arivon from his joke and his solfiahuoss. ' Embowolled ! If thou embowel mo to-day, I'll give you leave to powder mo, and oat me, too, to-morrow.' We must not suppose that, be cause we soe behind tho scenes, Fulstaff apponred to others as cowardly as ho does tons. Shakspearo gives him credit amongst his contemporaries, and brings him back fat and wall-liking from Shrewsbury, when whom should ho moot but the celebrated Chief Justice who once committed Princo Honry, and who had latoly made somo awkward inquiries about the Gadshill exploit. Fslstaff's page tolls him who is near, aud then follows tho humorous dinleguo betweon tho Chief Justice and Fulstaff. Fulstaff having made another lucky hit by capturing a knight, starts through Gloucestershire, where he has Robert Shallow already tempering between his fingor aud thumb. Falstaff's opinion of Princo John is well worth attending to. Fuldtaff has just captured Sir John Colville,' on strength of which tho Prince, he hopes, will befriend him. Prince John, however, bids him farewell, and Falstaff proceeds, 'I would you had but the wit.' [Act iv., sc. 3.] It did not suit Shakspearo's purpose, nor would it havo com ported with Falctaffs charactor, to dosoribo tho ro oovory which is suffered by tho votary of sack ; but there is a good-humored satire in ono of Thackeray's works, which I' cannot refrain from roading to yon. Tho first part might havo plcatol Falstaff himsolf, and tlio conclusion might havo pleased tho cold blooded l'rinco John : — O, kindly harvests of the Aquitucian grape ! O, sunny tr-nks of the Garonne ! O, friend y caves of Glodstano nud Morel, whtrs the dusky 11 isles lie recondite ! May wo not say a word of thanks for all tho pleasuro wo owo you ? Aro tho Tompcranco men to be allowed to shout in the public places '.' Aro tho vegetarians to bellow ' cabbage for over ?' And may we modest Oinsphilists not sing the praises of our favorite plant ? After the drinking of gooi! Bor deaux wine thore is a point (I do not say a pinl^nt which men. arrive, when all the generous faculties of the soul are awakeaod and in fall rigor ; when the wit bi lightens and breaks out into sndden Hashes : when the intellects aro keenest ; when tho pout Up woids, nud confined thonghts, get a night rulo, and rnsh abroad and disport themselves ; when tho kindest affections como out nnd shako hands with mankind, and the timid truth jumps out of liis well and proclaims himself to all the world. How by tho kind influence of the wine-cup wo succor tho poor and humble ! How bravely we rnsh to the rescue of tho oppressed 1 I say, in tho fuco of all tho pumps that ever spouted, that there is a moment in a bout of good wino at which, if a man could remain, wit, wisdom, courage, gcuorosity, eloquence, happiness, were his ; but tho moment passes, and that other glass spoils tho state of beatitude. There is a headache in tho. morning ; wo are not Roing into Parliament for our native town ; wo aro not gcing to shoot thoso French officers who have been speakiug disrespectfully of our nntivo country ; nnd poor Jeremy Diddler calls about cloven o'clock for another half-sovereign, and wo aro unwell in bed and cannot see him, and send him empty away. Tho old king dies while Shallow's fortunes aro melt ing under the weight of Falstaff's attacks -upon his folly. Princo Henry succeeds to tho throne, and Fulftaff — pleasuro bent — hastens to London to show that tho laws of England nro at his commaudmeut. Happy ore thoy which havo been his friends, and woo to my lord chief justice. But vice never triumphs iu tho long run under Shakspenro's rule, aud ho has prepared what tho old Iron Duko might have called a great morul losson for Sir John. Ho intercepts tho King with his train, 'God save thy Graco, King Hal !' (Act. v., sc. 5.) Nor is this ignominious dismissal quite enough. Shakspearo was determined to show that a lifo of solfishncss, dissipation and sensuality, gratified without compunction for others, without reflection and without stint, is not redcemablo by tho highest amount of wit nnd sagacity, in tho ways of the world, from the vilest fato to which man can bo subjected. Ho who might havo beon tho companion of tho wisest nnd tlio host, whose socictj- might havo charmed a court, whoso wit a senate, whose intolleit, dwelling upon tho beneficence of tho Creator rather thnn on tho paltry occasions of the hour among dissolute companions, might havo been so cultivated thnt the approach of death should have given hojio of brighter things instead of despair for things lost — he whosn wit in this world never failed, nover forsook him — now at tho gates of another world, inforior in mental staturo to tho meanest child that humbly lisps its Redeemer's name — ho dies iu a miserable holo iu London, with none but outcasts of tho world near him, whoso attempts to console him would, in them selves, but for tho ignorance of tho wretched com forters, bo an insult to humanity. Oh, nover say but Shakspearo is tho truest moralist wo have ! Granted, that ho docs not preach to us in his own person long-winded sentences, denouncing this or that crimo— putting, as somo writers do, whole sentences in italics to catch iho oyo — but show me tlio counterpart as a moral satire to tho death of Falstnff. Tho eclobrated lines of Pope, on thu death of Buckingham, will at onco occur to you as showing that in the c'lruma of lifo rdvorses occur, quito as startling ns tho close of Falstaff's onroor : — He (ns Dryden doscribod him), A man so various that ho seemed to bo Not ono but all mankind's opitome ; ***** Blest madman, who could every hour employ, With somo thing now to wish or to enjoy — He, abandoned by all his holiday friends, dios in the worat room of tho worst inn, in a oountry town. Is not Shakspcare's Duke right whon ho warns us that wo aro nevor without counsellors 1 That wo may, oven in remote haunts, — Find tongues in treos, books in tho running brooks, Sermons iu stones, and good in ovory thing. Thero is but ono other death sceno in Shnkspearo, oxcept whero death is sndden, and that is tho death of tlio mis-usod Quoon Katherine, 'whom a blessed troop invite to a banquet, whoso bright faces cast thousand beams iipon her liko tho sun : Who pro miso hor otornal happiness' : — And brought me garlands, Griffith, which I feel I am not worthy yet to wonr : I shall assuredly. This is a digression, but it is a necessary contrast to draw if wo would do justice to our author. Ho is too universal to be fairly judged of in ono aspect alone. It is worthy of romark to notico how rapidly Shakspearo dismisses his holiday fools when ho has serious work for his principal characters to do, and in Henry V. tho nation's triumph hns to bo colo bi'ated. Our old friend Pistol is cndgelled to his heart's content by honest Fluollon, and Bar dolph is executed for robbing a church. Mean while tho poem, for it is as glorious as any epic, conducts Henry V. in triumph to tho oloso, and will warm tho hearts of all Englishmen' who do serve their name, while their land's language lives. Such seems to me Falstaff's character, if wo read it aright. Those who would havo the world all ono holiday— who scorn tho dull domands of duty and of right — will not agree with mo. Equally shall I displease thoso who havo no appotito for the salt of conversation — wit ; — thoso who would closo thoir eyes upon the boauty and tho grace around us — eloquent of tho kindnoss, as woll ns tho power of their Creator — those who would indeed innko their oarthly sojourn, if not a funeral march from end to ond, yet n dirty, drnb-colored procossion at the best. Shnkspearo wrote for a wider nud bettor world than either of theso classes — the many-sided world which, li!:^ ihe prism, receives light from whatsoever quarter ; tho praclioal working world, which, after labor swootenod by a sense of duty, feels n right to onjoy whatovor tho prodigality of uaturo yioldB, or the realms of imagination cau display. This larger world hns accepted Shakspoaro's characters as ho drew thorn. Somo, howovor, may thiuk that, after all, hard measure is dealt to old Fulstaff— that his miserable ond might havo boen kept from us, natural though it might bo. If any suc'a bo here, lot mo ask what thoy wonld think if tho fnttost nnd wittiest friend thoy have woro (after Fulstnff's fashion) to use tho polite lounge of Collins streot in au nftornoon_ for the conveyance of such uncon sidered trifles as ladios' fans or purses. (See Morry Wives, Act ii., sc. 2.) Shakspearo earned his livelihood by picturing mankind. Witty rogues there were in tho world, and ho showed thorn ; but hs wan not bound to conduct thorn to triumph, and he punished them. Amidst his croatious, with re verence bo it spoken, ho sits liko an ovor-ruling providouce, aud donls even-handed justico to all. As thoy sow, they reap. Lot us read him with uffectionuto respect. We need not jnstify ovory lino ho wrote ; though, oven on tho score of dolicacy of language, his writings put to tho blush not only tho plays of his timo, but tho phrasos which abounded umongst tho euphuiats of Queen Elizuboth's court. He could but mould, not crunto, tho publio laatu ; ho fult tho difficulty of pleasing the public, and ut the samo timo doing justice to that light from Hoaven which buruod within him. Hoar what, in his own poraoh, ho says in 0110 of his sonnots : — ' Oh ! for my sake, do thou with fortano ohiilo, Tlio guilty goddess of my harmful deads, Thnt did not better for my lifo provido Than public means which public umnnors breed ; Thenco comos it thnt my nntno reuoivos n brand, And almost thenco niy nature is subdued To what it works in, like the dyor's hand, l'ity mo, then, and wish I wero renewed. Let us not judgo rashly what was writton with such a sense of responsibility. Lot us fathom, if we oan, tho great and good purposo which pervades his works. Doing this, wo shall find him our plou santost boon companion, xr.ost genial instructor nnd our wisest friend. His plonsnutry spnns our laud scape liko tho many-colored arch ; wisdom is lot loose from his lips like ruin drops ; there is no virtuo which' is not freshened by his pruiso, no vico which is not mndo hideous by his frown. Let us treasuro him as wo ought, with tho doop conviction that wo ne'er shnll look upon his liko ugniu. As Milton says, be livos in our hearts ; and wo mny add, what oven' Milton's vision in his ungrateful ago did not enable him to forotoll— that ugo after ago which steals with silent foot upon tho world, destroying whatsoever contains tho elements of decay, does but add to to tho sovereignty of Shnkspearo. His king dom is where all real powor among inon is based — in tho mind of man ; and, wherever tho human rnco fulfils its destiny of replenishing tho onvtk, where soever tho wavo.s of intelligence may roll, thoro also shall his empire bo found. Tlio locturor than rosumed his seat amidst np plansc, having boen frequently interrupted, by bucIi evidence of appreciation. On the motion of Mr Woon, seconded by Mr Michik, a vote of thanks was cordially pnssod to Mr Ritsdeu for his instructive nnd interesting loctiire ; and, nftern similar compliment to Dr. Brownlcs3 for presiding, the assemblage separated. AcconuiNO to Iho Jlalifu.c Colonist, the Nova Scotian gold minoc yielded last quarter 4020 ounces of gold. About 1000 men wore engaged on them, Reports from ,tko Chnudioro gold regions are also very oncournging. Somo Lower Canada writers an ticipate that 20,000 diggers will bo congregated along the banks of the Chaadiere and its tributaries next spring. 