MISCELLANEOUS. KEROSENE.-LWe see, by an advertise ment in thoe elson JE.aominec,, that the various insurance offices established in that city have, on the motion of tlhe agents of the New Zealand Insurance Company, agreed to forego the extra rate for permission to burn kerosene and pe troline, the charge having been found to cause considerable dissatisfaction among. the assured. CARDINAL WISEMAN has lately gained a decided triumph over the Times and two other daily papers. The Cardinal quoted in his late Pastoral, which in veighed strongly against the reception given Garibaldi by the British public, and especially by Anglican bishops, the famous letter from the " man of Caprera," foreshadowing the establishment of the worship of "the Goddess of Reason" upon the altars of Christianity. The Times and two of its contemporaries challenged tile correctness of the quotation, and the Cardinal having triumphantly vindicated hlimself, thile Times immediately and very gracefully acknowledged its error, an ex ample which was also followed, though lhardly as courteously, by the other two journals. A MIESSAGE FPROM TIIE SEA.-IlfrOe combe, July G.-A bottle was picked up at sea this morning, containing a paper on which thile following was written in pencil:-" Thile Ocean Queen, G. Arm strong, master, has been sunk off Bor muda, February 4, 1864. All hands, with thie exception of two, James Dadds and John Williams, who wore drowned, are in the beoats. Slhe sailed from Liver pool, December 11, 1863, and thie owners are IMessrs. Johnson and Bake, Liverpdol. G.AlarsTaoNG, master."-- lrestciss Daill TPess. PrItENcl JOURNALISTICa GEoRAreIY. In obituary notice of thile late MIr. Smith O'Brien, thile Gazette de Frasnce states, " Smith O'Brien died in exile, at Bangor, in thile East Indies." During the fight near Petersburg, one of our boys, either becoming short of ammlunition or in tie hurry of the engagemenlt, fired the ramrod of his gun from his musket. On the subsequent capture of thile works two rebels were found dead and completely transfixed with the iron shaft.-AmericaL papei. FREEDOM IN GERMIANY !-A letter from Blccklenburg-Schwecrin in thle fam, burg News says:-In 1he last sitting of thile Diet here the equestrian order passed by 30 votes to 6, a bill to invest the pro prietor of a seignorial domain with tilhe power, as magistrate, of condemning the people on his estate, for neglect of sor vices, to a fine of five thielers, an im prisomncllnt of one wreek, and twenty-five blows with twenty-five blows with a stick. The repcsentatives of the towns rejected tile bill, which constituted the seigneur jldge in his own cause; it however re ceived the sanction of thile Grand Duke, and lhenceforth a seigneur will only have to call for the assistance of "s bailiff, who may be his steward or schoolnaster on his estate, the nomination to schich office lihe possesses, to be able to inflict on his tenants, their wives, and his male and female servants or laborers twentytfive blows with a sticik. OnIGIN OF TIIE SCOT'TISII TIISTLE, AS. A BADCE OF IIONOL.-The origin of tihe national badge is thus handed down by tradition. When the Danes invaded Scotland, it was deemed unwarlike to attack an enemy in the darkness of night instead of a pitched battle by day, but on one occasion the invaders resolved to use a stratagemn, and, in order to prevent their tramp from being heard, they marched barefooted. They had thus neared the Scottish force unobserved, when a Dane unluckily stopped with his foot upon a superbly prickled thistle, and uttered a cry of pain, which discovered the assailants to the Scots, who ran to their arms, and defeated the foe with great slaughter. The thistle was imtie diately adopted as the insignia of Scot land. Newspaper people are proverbially tem perate as well as virtuous. , We believe, however, one of the craft did get" slightly tight" a few weeks ago, and the following is a specimen of his broadshiet as it ap peared next day:-" Yesterday morning, a small man, nmaedJones, or lBrowne, or Smith, with a heel ii thie hole of lher trousers, committed arsenic by swallow ing a dose of suicide. Verdicate to the jury that the deceased casie to the facts in accordance with his death. Hd'eleaves a child and six small wives to lament his untimely loss": GErANIUMI L.EAVES.--It is not' gone rally knowti that the leaves of geraniums are an excellent' application for cuts, where the skin is rubbed off, aid other wounds of that kind. ' One orS two leaves must be bruised, and applied on linen to the part, and the wound will become eicatrized in avery short time. A SaNlis Furm.--A correspondent writing from Worthington, Blationcounty, relates that aremarkable fight took place ii thie churchyard of time Baptist church at that place on last Sabbath. The fight~ was between two snakes, a black snake and a spotted rattlesnake. They were first discovered by some children, who spread the news of the deadly conflict, and in' a short time about fifty persons were upon tmhe ground. The snakes fought for about two hours and a-half, when at last the black snake seized the rattlesnake by the back of the neck and never lot go thle hold until the rattle snake gave up the ghost.-lWheeling In.llieenceer. At a conference of the Cumborland Congregational 'Churches, it was stated that in Carlisle, out of a population- of 30,000, not more than 4000 attend at any place of itorship. 