THE TRUCK SYSTEM AGAIN. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir I believe the usual way for persons to make known their grievances is through the medium of the press. The truck system occupied a very prominent feature in all the leading papers of London and elsewhere for a length of time endeavouring as well as they could to put it down; but I little thought I should find it general in all the Australian colonies, more or less. Even near my resi- dence it is carried on the contractor discharging any man that does not have things from his store, and for which a very exorbitant charge is made, leaving any man a very small portion of his money to draw at the end of each fortnight. I ask you, is it not monstrous for the liberty of any man to be thus trifled with Hoping you will insert this for the benefit of the bone and sinew of the country. FIAT JUS riTIA, (For a Working Man.) The Howling Doolan the office assigned to the dog of the Aryans, as a messenger from the world of the dead, we see the origin of that very wide- spread superstition which recognises a death. women in the howling of a dog, An intelligent Londoner tells me he has often seen the omen given, and verified its fulfilment. The dog's mode of proceed- ing on such occasions, he says, is this "The animal tries to get under the doomed person's window; but if the house stands within an enclosure, and it cannot get in, it runs round the premises very un- easily, or paces up and down, like a sentry. If the dog succeeds in making an entry, it stops under the window, howls horribly, finishes with three tremendous barks, and hurries away." The same superstition pro vails in Franceancfin Germany. In the latter country, a dog howling before a house por- tends either a death or a fire. If it howls along the highway, that is held in Westphalia to be a forenoon that a funeral will soon pass that way. In the German as in the Aryan mythology, the dog is an embodiment of the wind, and also an attendant on the dead. It appears in both characters in Odin's wild hunt. Dogs see ghosts, and when near, the goddess of death goes about, invisible to human asleep, She is seen by the dogs.- Kelly's Indo European Tradition and Folk Lore. 