THIS DRAMATIC COLLEGE GRAND FETE AND FANCY FAIR. (FROM TALLIS'S THEATRICAL NEWSPAPER, JULY 23.) The actors' file at the Crystal palace has now become an institution. It is one of the iooked-for events of the year, and its popularity appears to be still increasing. Not only is this attributable to the growing popularity of the institution in behalf of which the Sydenham Revels are held, but also to the quality of the entertainment the players provide during the two days in which they are entrusted with the business of drawing tens of thousands to the Crystal Palace. Year after year—desplte the malicious carpings of individuals—the annual dramatic file has taken a stronger hold upon the public, and now it hat grown to be looked upon ea a permanent event, pt whioh it U not alone unfashionable, but uncharitable, not to assist. Por our part, we delight iu assisting on three occasions j and on Saturday last we found that the excitement with whioh we awaited tiie first of theeo annuals had no whit abated. To tho first of them wo went with sensations nearly akin to those which we staggered under as no entered our first theatre to witness tiie performance of oar first play. The occasion formed an important epoch in our life, for were we Dot to ace and coo verse with, and biyr of, and be swindled br, those charmed beings who had cast a spell over our boyhood and moulded the cbaracteristire of our manhood ? Happy day 1 Visions of fairy-like stalls, with reel fairies (hod we not seen them a thousand times in dreamland f) soiling lis obnoxious per funics, forcing upon us impossible oigar cases, coaxing us into the ownership of dolls, and persuading us into tho belief that certain onti-macaesars and worked cushions were absolutely necessary -to tiie continuance of our domestic felicity 1 Oh, glorious rrnlitv! IVhy were we not horn a Ormsus, that wc might hare engaged a special van to jiarc borne to Sydenham hordes of gold and silver wherewith to buy the smiles and tempt the honeyed words of Helen and Xitania, of Jaidv Macbeth aud of Beatrice, of Ophelia and of Juliet ? Why were we not that favoured ore of Die large family of Abraham rejoicing in the name of Rollisehild, that, wo might offer our immortal Buckstonea ton weight of bank notes for six shies at Aunt 8aily ?- Those were the interesting but unanswerable queries we [remember putting to ourselves as, for the first time, we entered the Ciyetal Palace during a dramatic fit*, and if not precisely similar, something very like them caused us uneasiness on Saturday last. Who is there that, baring 1 a love for the drama, and remembering the lohject in view by those who project them fitet, [does not subject himself to mental questionings !of e like nature F Does it not awaken all the generosity of which we ore capable to reflect upon the benefits the Dramatic College is working for those whose lires bare boon de voted to sweetening ours F Does it not kindle [our charity to know that three entertainments [are giren to lighten the declining days of those iwbose youth and prime have been spent in feppealing to the best qualities of our nature— [whose aim it haa been to afford us enjoyment, land whose sole business in life lus been the [lightening of our hours of labour, and briglit kning our time of relaxation F It does. As (witness the eagerness with which the golden [pieces dropped from the palms of the thousands of visitors to the Crystal Palace on Saturday lost into the money boxes of those who ware officially licensed to extract them, aid wlioser names we wfQ give as they appeared in the programme :—Mdlle. Stella Colas; Mesds-es Stirling, Alfred Mellon, BUlington, St. Henry, Howard Paul s Misses Hate Canon, Caroline Carson, Fanny Josephs, Potti Josephs, C. Saunders, Aylmer, B. litidley, Minnie Davit, Fanny Hunt, ElsworUiy, Harfieur, Katharine iHickson, Agnee Burden, Larine, Charlotte Willard, Wright, Wentwoith, Tercet Futardo, Fanny Iforelh, OottnU, foil; Marshall, Dsl ton, Lydia hfiritis nd, and Sheridan. These bright ornaments to the boards were assisted ~ F the following strong detachment of gentle en, whose names wiU be a sufficient guarantee :or the spirited manner in whioh they executed he (ask allotted to them:—Messrs. Robert lecley, J. B. Buckstone, J. L Toole, Paul edford, Kelson lee, Addison, Joseph Robins, [award Bsul, J. Clarke, H. Widdioombe, T. Blunt, H.G.NeviUe, Arthur Sketehley, George Dolby, B. Phillips, Harold Power, Bitlingtoo, B. Romer, S. Atkins, W. J. Huristone, Wor boys, O. J. rimith, C. H. Btepbenson, W. H. Ebume, B. 8outar, James Francis, W. II. Payne end Bona, H. Hirers, Nye Chart, Sefton Parry, £. Garden, G. Vincent, John Porey, W.Templeton, Cos worth, Eugene, Cormock, Matt. Howell, J. B. Johnstone, Paulo, Cou wsy, Be Bnrr, Thorns, Morrelli, Fitxpstrick, G. Yamold. Betides three, three were sms teurs, whom we shall not mention at oh, be cause we do not think they had any bnnnere there, but whose good nature it nevertheless commendable. How is it possible to go through the programme of amusements F Its length plished. To commence, then, with the pro clamation by which the fair was opened at mid-day. This important literary production, being s document of historical importance, must be given h si it Ml trotn the lips of Herald Robert Homer, who, attended by Ids grand profession, pur suivants, men-at-arms, and mounted esoort, j cot no unimportant figure in the day's pro ceedings i— Prim: o to mow aTTktaifati ov muh*betov«d Qomb, I, W B«tal4g HobmX Boom, bar® otto* met* am ma. tiUillJ ... .fUrahiBfei tee pem4» *8ht w IUbb: A* Uu« F8t« mad Viwey Ffcir it i»w aa mumuI itsr** * r—Ithn Vi -M In yntam amthh 4ay ten auglm oota To^j givwtotfc#pUjwiWbo,*» wpram^ poor wwl Bo ubtetten «U fov pockatav a&A; band forth you Item: It U Mm tan ud of OeOm Mdrepwij 4penfd - P^sitagiisttanssltMsPsaqrFiirihsll not sola to UattCla (postal mand], Asp hMS'tkna Asirpw AM that Are wUl not do, atilsw wtth Ala ewdttlan, I Kioto*, that As Mris taadawM, satliac, WsW sad yoanA k Iwn: TtelUsier and te WarfaM *J*>, mlwunljr tim dtott if uqr taw jeuag Asitimiwm tar awasAMit 1-s-s —mtah saAtehssta AtatauWan » stakmaAln wntef «rf-swn brewh, Aul IssnUraaMtall As I \- A' ' t^ss htasMfs'. er: Ihst any sea.wrtw shooldIn h«s WwflbillT'jrthmis,1 ha^pwowi staB 'ta'rttady :|«i! TtataitaBsariiipAittiits*, %heihsiiiii^l^M •hwa. ta A As >|ikijw|w TjsfSy mis m p #S tlS'e^MtauAi>^hraiMA,tayewbw»ar«l|kiSSr-: Alid Ah aihall Xttmt ' 4 ?,J v -'s1'' ' t -i i—HiiMn tiJbiai. Thaw who Qui College fond* provide to pa/ her May j I f the tai -man call* at your lumew, tud pester* you for tnoney, I 4 tut ehow him you liave our receipt, and he'll look very faofiy, Toudhlag lib bet, ta'll nuke a bow, end onward* quickly l«Mf Saying uuuge nn not axaeUy »ow as what they need 4o U«a»: y . Now our Mr i« fold? opened, and forth yon alt may go To eee the ladies at the stalk, and visit every show ; But, ere you go, let ereryone resolve it ahou 1m seen That you are British mbjaota, and ri^ht loyal to your Qneen. ' Our Prinoe of Wolee and his Frinom I'm sure jxm most admin. 4 So now for all give three good choera, and don't add, •* Hong the oriar I" As a matter of course, the Jiut blast of the trumpet. «ras the eigual for a rusli to the ladies1 stalls. Heaven preaerve us from another such o crush! Ton thuusand people all at once wanted to pay their rcepccte to Mrs. Stirling,and being one of the mob, we had tho ext reme felicity of fighting for life tad a passage to Mrs. Stir' ling'e atoll at tlie eatne moment. We porse rered tad succeeded j and there wo found her, the queen of the drama, the pride of her pro fession, and the example of her sex, blooming I at ever, with the eeme silrcry voice pleading tho cause of her less fortunate brothers ana sisters, with an eloquence that drew forth an unexampled response in the shape of ourrent corn of tho realm. No matter what she told people they must bur, they' bought it on the instant. A word, half a word, was sufficient. Young gentlemen bought dolk and pincushions recklessly, and young ladies purchased cigar eases and braces with prodigal contempt for money. No matter what they wanted, Mrs. Stirling oould give tbeui what they did not want with impunity, and they went their ways blessing the good fortune that had mode them her helpless victims. But they were not done : with. There was a positively awful gauntlet of white muslin and piuk and green bonnets to be run for. No eooncr did they tear them selves from Mrs. Stirling than Miss Elsworthy awaited them with iter smiles, to lure them into a slate of temporary bankruptcy by idiotic speculations in her wares. Passing her we found Mrs. Howard Paul, who sold more fans than would suffice to supply all London daring ' the most brilliant and busy of seasons. And then came the Misses Josephs and Uie Misses Osteon, whose very names suggest outrageous parody, incomprehensible dance, and force. Next we were carried by a stream of frantic { spendthrifts, who, with gold unlimited, sought to purchase a glanoe of the pet of the public, Mdllc. Stella Colas, who, had nature and her stock of goods held out, might have gone on realising fabulous sums of money to the pre sent moment without fear of tiring her thou sands of admirers. Of course, whatever she demanded for her wares was given without a murmur; the great difficulty of her position seemed to be, Die plucking up of sufficient courage to name pnecs luge enough to cope with the extravagant ideas of her customers. If, after passing the ladies we have named, there remained any loose coin to dispose of, it was forthwith extracted by Mrs. Alfred Mellon and Mrs. BDlington, whose well-known faces attracted whole crowds of customers. The next difficulty was bow to pass fascinating Miss Minnie Davis, who, with sweet broad Scotch upon her tongue, end killing broad hat upon her head, demanded a toil which had to be paid. Escaping this enchantress, it was impossible not to stumble upon Miss Aylmer and Miss H. Lindley, trlio would pick yonr pockets on these occasions with barefaced and unblushing effiror.teiy. We should have thought | the army of staUkeepere already named quite 1 sufficient to break the Bank of England, but the council of the college determined to try and make a run upon Ooutta's, Lubbock and Oo.'e, The County, and the London and West minster houses at the same time, for they added to their phalanx the fascinations of Miss Harfleur, tbe grandeur of Miss Kate Dickson, ! the pleasant graces of the presiding goddess in Ibe temple of Ihespit situated in aunny Devon, Mrs. Belton, who, with Miss Amelia Brudnell, made the Exeter stall quite an attraction; Miss Agnes Bordett with her gipsy tent. Miss Pally Marshall with her tight-rope exhibition, Miss laviue with her smiles, Mas Wright with her poetry of motion, Miss Charlotte Willsrd, Mas Wentwortb, Mies Futardo, Miss Morelli, Miss Oottrell, Mist Dalton, Miss Sheridan, mid, lastly, Mrs. St. Henrv and her attendant nympli, Miss Lydia Maitiand, from whom it waa in vain to fly. And now, with serious thoughts of Wbiteoross-streetaud Mr. Commissioner Godlburn in our mind, and fragile bottlee of "Dramatic College Bouquet" in our pooket, and upon which, by the bye, we continually sat down, we wend our ways to the show* and exhibitions. In the fltri plaw, as a 1 matter of oourse, we go into Richardson's •bow, where we tee a marvellous drama of in tense interest entitled "Dm Sobrelxoucerdo," in which Mr. Toole and Mr. J. Clarke are in lore with Mita Psulma Bedford and Miss Bobertina Atkinson, and Messes. Soutar and Vincent doo't Hks it; or ifihqr do, Man*. Paulo and B. Thorns assuredly do not, and then they give way to wrath and broad-sword oom hats, leading to a ghost tad red fire, and oil highly delightful ana immensely ssnsstionsl if | one could but make it out. Next are visit Wombwell'a Menagerie, where we ate terrified to death by Mr. Addison's marvellous eollsctioa of wild beasts. These animals are under the perfect control of Mr. Tan Ambmgh, Joseph Robins, who exhibit! singular daring by plac ing his head -into tbe lion's jaw^ growls and roars notwithstanding. Having tunc, and not bring quite dead, we hurry to Toole and Paul Bedford's Temple of Magic, where the former, in the most marvellous manner, take* half crown from the mouth of (he latter, and, in a still mors roarveUous manner, extracts shillings from the pockets of the audamoe. It after this, any further excitement be required, it can he bad in QyngalPa Exhibition, or Mr. J. Clarke's Museum of Antiquaries, where the skull of Shakespeare when a bov, and the skull of Shakespeare when a man, ware exhibited, bring natural curiosities which the Government should immodhnrijr pur chase and place in the British Museum tor the benefit of the public. . We have no doubt the of the puts council wouldbe willing to spare them in con sideration of a few thousands towards the foundation of tbe schools now in course of erec tion. We merely throw out the hint 1 Juris few shies at Mr. Buekstoue's Aunt Sally i just hue glimpse eitbsfaiiypost-pfflce, where we gri a very delightful bUUt, whioh is to be pre served in lavender for fever and evert just a few minutes in Shakespeare** House i and a' long, lingering stare at the ruinous fetalis, fend then away.todream of lairs and folries, of muslins end silks, of converaetioni with the stars of. the etata and to wooder hpw many hundreds of j>ouu& dsfer, ieoeroM, «tujdd, old John Bull has dropped into the hank to tlia eredit •fcf tjrft WflWtifttlUrcMur Dm "lliiiil Dnwtfio 