.Mvur«S!.v*"<4« w v«vi«ir<» fvU'.v*^v? :r#.' H-v . n»/^ \\*» TROTKCTION TO RQUATTEUS. (From the A<.h<ertL-<crA Thj: Border Walch certainly does its duty aeahmsly ss regards looking after local inter cftf. On the *2:Uh of December^ the South Eastern fettle rs were pro^out;nl with^ tv double Chri.:Jmas box, in the shape of a brace of lead ers <m local topics; and although we do not ourselves profess to represent the South-East in the same special and primary sense as the JJnrthr Wnlfit does, yet, as having a sincerely friendly feelinff toward that important district, we shall devote u small portion of our space to the two questions raised by our contempor ary in the articles rdlrml to, We have, iu j deed, touched upon both before ; but the sub Ijcct will bear a second reference. The first relates to the now increasingly prevalent crime of .vhecpstealing in the South East. A short thno since application was made to the Commissioner of Police by the Paste,rul Association of the district for the aid of»a detective oflieer, in order to bring to jus tice the authors of the systematic sheepstealing now carried on, The Commissioner how ever did not accede to the request, and the Harder Jl'<rf<7/ returns, with considerable force of argument, to the question. The losses fiuittaincd by squatters in the South-Eastern District arc very heavy. The blacks steal their hundreds, and the whites their thousands. Last year Mr ITensley lost 1,700 sheep, Mr Seymour (from one ilock 1 alone) 1,100 and Mr John Robertson TOO. Now it is really too bad to say that the squat ters must protect themselves, unless indeed Vigilance Committees and Lynch Law are to supersede the ordinary administration of jus tice. If it were reported that in a certain dis trict. Captain Rwing was at h's old trick of stackburning, or that in a particular quarter of Adelaide housebreaking was of nightly oc currence, we are quite sure that a large police force would be immediately put. on with a view of capturing the evildoers. Where is the con sistency of'our raising an outcry against the New South Wale? Government for their in capacity in the matter of Gilbert and the bushrangers, if wo allow wholesale sheep stealing within our own settled districts to go unpunished P Or will it be said that sheep ave not property, and that squatters-like niggers-''ain't people?" We hold that the squatters are just as fully entitled to police protection as arc any other members of the community, and that the property of the squatters 's as much a charge upon the Gov ernment as the property of farmers or mer chants. Theft and plunder must bo '. put down," and if from the peculiar nature of the squatting tenure the Government cannot afford to protect it without pay, let a spccial rate ho authorised and levied, We do not know that this b necessarybut we do know one thing, namely, that it i.s contrary to the first principles of good government 'for the authorities to sufl'er plunder to riot unebceked, and to tell the sufferers thut they must li help themselves.'' Such a course is a relapse into barbarism, and it entirely ignores and defeat,s the purpose, for which legislative powers were givon lo this colony, namely-to enable us to nmko l:<ws for "the peace, order, and good government" of society, ' Who!c-r;i!>> robbery .itch a;? that brought I'gttt'by rl'c Squatters' As8:-..*intn i:« the &iu;*h-i'a3" - v.'rVit'not to be h\\!niiued by the iuuhodties /i^th?.-;pjjyvkhwl v.?!i;jc,«iu,£ ot't.K' pinion afcgfwvocf. but should .!( v.!<h UisJi ns» dWjc-SBfif hnrnjnrv f,r >. 'i"> . ff | housebreaking would be; and if thus to pro tect the property of the squatters involve an outlay bevond that to which their contribu tion to the revenue entitles them, let them i pay additionally. but let us hear no more of , the incapability or 1111 williii^fuoss of the Gov i eminent to check .wholesale plunder of this | description. : n (l,uc'stion refL-rivd to bv the > /so)'a<r (I atch is that of immigration.' The j people of the Houth-JJastern District ask to ,\e ,u, "}ir, proportion of the immigrants landed in their neighbourhood, instead of their j being- compelled to K-tcli them from Adelaide. I Tin; "CuAMnKR or J)K.mi."~Perhaps no public man has had the courage to send to the j Chamber of Death, as it is called at the Times 1 .T- 0 c'lilor t0 Ict him lmvc a look !l r- i". ^iietimes, however, these Live* appear before the breath is out of the Mi' ^ Oc'0,15're'1'» t!'c ea.^e oi Lord iViSt.^ i'° ma lakcs #rc'at about these nm trs. ,,ome years ago a report was brought to the oflice nt If o clock at night that Lord John Kuspdl was dead. Mr Walter, who goes (o the ofhcetnuch more frequently thau is sup posed himpenod to be there. A consultation nmeditely took place with writers and editors, Vtact arid experience was he/it cIf m the middle of the night to Chesham fcrn°,,Cf<KiUirC ",t0 tfv trUth nr ^^^ood of tuoiepoit. I-Io soon discovered tliat it nrose 'Slln reports of it .light indispo n? !'i t,huc" magnified into the death of I ho noble Lord . but short as was hia ah m-iuv, iro;n the ofhee, hi the interim ample had been taken to meet t he emergency I1.,, , }uu^ hecn o))ened, the record of a life which would form in itself no unim portant chapter in the history of the country wis displayed, and an army of biographers, editors, and printers were prepared to raise the ghost of the departed nobleman, and tlx the picture in its frames before the morning light \VlL f|V uP(m llie, ^pcrs of London. 1 tlie messenger had returned, and it was tound that the intelligence was false, the memoir was reran signed to its resting-place iu the casket, the Chamber of Death closed, the rejected columns replaced, and the world was informed that the Times was rejoiced to be able to state that the rumour of the illness of so distinguished a nobleman was wholly with | out foiuvlation.-Cow/ Journal. Ihh Stiumeh BUNVIP,-.Many interesting incidents respecting the burning of the Murray steamer Bunyin from time to timo come to K \r v bccn prctty -etierally known I that Mis l<raser, wlio with her child, was | burned to death on the occasion of the acci dent, had sewed up m her clothes paper money to the value ot£l.<50, which it was thought j would be irretrievably lost to her husband. It , now appears, however, that the unfortunate I " °,nmV adopted the very unusual precaution | o having a copy of the cheques she carried j made while at \\\ entworth, so that entire sum will be recoverahlo, It. is also deservinjr of mention, na indicating the fact that the priuci pie ot disinterested kindness still c:;ift.a in the breasts of some, that within an hour of the first receipt at Wentworth of news of the calamitous occurrcnco of the lire one woman had Jiarut'fiHod |rm,; horse, stocked her cart with article's which sliv deemed beat suited to n.^viate t.ie uistrc^-. of the sufferers, and started in uvn-ca ot volunteers to proceed with her to , t..o sciflt.: of the wreck.' j CinNK.-iy. IrunifTuy.--1 Saw h man once wlio had a pin) of ground, in which ho wfw goinff to ou\ cabbages, I{v knew there pu*;e sonw beetles and other insects iu the I ground vvlo'-h would, eat thorny, wWt was I ! i!'°J {' put uf M about ih\o feet, apart, all over the plot, placing a j atone on eac.i to keep it from being blown away, ilj L-fr, Uiemior a time, and thou u-Mvirl nt nj,'cry"is- insects at \, oi Icon them each time. These Jic killed. removing carefully the remains, for fear of their scaring away their brethren. At last, when he could catch no more, ho planted out his cabbages. All this I mw done with my own eye.-;, and the good man. seemed to think there was nothing unusual in it, but that it was the most natural way in the world of se curing the safety of his vegetables at the cost of a few leaves,-Colonel Fisher's Three. Years' ocrvice m China. Hie Otago has, we believe, made the quick e l pussngc on record from England to Mel K.urne, occupying only 31 days. Travelling the shortest route <;1ia must have sailed at a Sj'Ov'vl averaging 12 miles an hour throughout As an illn tratiou of the extent to which colonial produce is now being turned to account, we may mention that MrT. Reynolds I will Mm season make from 1,50 to 170 tons of I ;!!,U'w 'Jrtific !,ws nn extensive sale both in oouth Australia and the neighbourinc colonies,-S, A. Atlcer liter. fc Ull,lg CiticKKr.-.-Thc Arcjus P.iys that au arrange ment quite satisfactory to Mr Marshall and the Lug 11 ah team has at length been entered into, for a visit to Sydney after the return of the team from New Zealand, loung LadyOh, I'm so glad you like S'wJi'i } /,". i i° ^ou most?" \> ell, I think a good turkey, with nlentv of dressing, is about as nice as any," I ploughs, I sows, I reaps, I mows, I sets up wood for winter; I digs I hoes and lS grows, and for ,vlwt f knovTl o"ofS' pnn cp. I do f:,ipposy "ll knowledge flow* right from the nrmiuiB-press; to off 1 Koes iu these ore clothes, to settle up-I guess ' ''i%rent you soldiers are from us''' said Arabelin to tlic enptnin, "With us a con , quest only begins, while with you, it ends the engagement." * ' The editor of the Star says that he has never ,nurd,red the truth. lie never ge? near enough to do it any bodily harm. 