' BOROUGH COUNCIL. v Ihe following are the notices ot motion lor consideration on Tuesday evening By Mr GiDgell : That a call of the Council be made for Tuesday, the 23rd inst., for the pur-. pose of takiug into consideration the propriety of rescindiDg a resolution refusing to allow the seal of the Council to be attached to a scale of tolls agreed on by a Conference of delegates appointed by llie Road Boards of Campbell's Creek and Newstead, and the Borough Council of Castlemaine. By Mr Bowaen : That the Surveyor report- weekly on the working of all claims granted by the Council. The Alleged Gold-Buying Frauds. — The extraordinary case which it has been our duty to disclose with reference to the recent gold- buying and "selling operations of the Oriental Bank at Castlemaine, has progressed another step. We have now before us the copy of a writ, which has been served on Mr Thomas Hodgens, of Chewton, by Messrs Parton and Hellins, at the' instance of Mr Taite, late agent for the Bank in question. The plaintiff seeks to recover the sum of £5000 damages (with £5 costs), by way of compeusation for the injuries he- has sustained hv the publication , of Mr Hodgens's charges.- If the initiation of this action' be genuine, and not merely intended as an excuse for burking the promised " inquiry," the whole facts will be carefully investigated in a court of law, aud the anxiety of the public will be appeased by the disclosures or explanar tions which will -be elicited- on", oath. Should this action, not he brought to an issue, we shall make it our duty to. ascertain in what .manner it has been quashed . At present, however, we are bound- to suppose ithat Mr Taite is in earnest, and desirous that an investigation into his con duct shall take . place in open- court. In this case, we promise him full and complete opportu nities for making public his. v ersion of the story in the same columns which < contained the original charges made hy- Mr Hodgens. It is impossible that the matter . can be permitted to rest in its present state, and we shall not' idlow any process of smothering or coridpning to pre vent the truth as it may "be ascertained, being made known. . . . , .7 . : The Real Ghost.— -We find that Professor Perring purposes giving us an evening " with (illusive) spirits on .Saturday, at the Theatre Royal. The Argus and Bendigo Advertiser have given, very favourable notices .of the effective style in which' 'the professor " calls spirits from the vastly" deep ' (of the Theatre). All should see this very interesting result of science, if it were only to dispel foolish ideas on ghostly sub jects, j and to convince themselves that such ocular delusions may be practised. The Volunteers. — The meeting appointed for this evening, for the purpose of considering the rules of the corps and other business, fell through, inconsequence of the paucity of attend ance, the tempestuous character of the evening being a very natural explanation of the absence of members. The few that were present, after waiting some time, dismissed till further orders. Had the weather been more propitious, and the meeting taken place, we believe that a resolution something like the following would have been brought forward as a suggestion to the Govern ment through the parliamentary representatives. " That in the case of any volunteer who had served two years and upwards, prior to the first January , 1864, has attended during that time 24 drills in each year, and passed as an effective on the 1st October, 1863, such two years shall count towards the five years of his service to en title liim to a grant of land." The Great A. E. Match. — The dress to be worn by the Castlemaine Twenty-two has been determined upon, ec. sig.— a flannel shirt, white, with azurine (bluish) stripes; flannel trousers: white hat, with light blue band. 