MISCELLANEOUS. CIIINBSE OATHS.-Considerable difficulty seems to hore boon experienced at tho last Armidalo Criminal Sessions, in consequent of a conflict of opinion as to tho manner in -which oaths should be administered so as to bo bind- ing upon tho consciences of Celestials. It appears that tho tlireo modes recognised in tho courts of tho colony wcro-cutting off a cook's hoad, blowing ont a light, and breaking a plat e.. Ah Song, a Chinese witness, saying ho would swear by the second of these methods, Mr Win- deyer objoctcd, assuring Iiis Honor that ho had beon in- formed by Christian- Chinese merchants that the only certain way of getting at the truth from Chinese was by having- a cock's .head cut off, the other modes-being sub- terfuges. He thoroforo formally objected.to Ah Song being sworn by blowing out a light, and requested his Honor to take a note of his objection. Mr Ateak, tho Chinese morchant of Sydney, who wa»¡in court, on being asked, said it was immaterial which mode was - UBod, and other Chineso present were of tho same opinion. Others differed, and, though his Honor os we learn from the " Express" endeavoured to pesuado Mr Windeyer to with- draw his objeotion, Mr W. said ho was sorry he could not, from the written opinion which he held in his lund from disinterested Chineso of intelligence,- and from posi- tive instructions ho had roceivod upon tho point. ? While o search was being mado for somo cocks,- Mr Rea's evi- dence was taken. . At length Ah Song, having consented to bo sworn in either way, was again brought up, and a young óock produced. Ah Song declined to cut olT its i head with a penknifo which was offered him, and wished fora tomahawk..- A briuf delay was followed by the production of an onormous butoher's cleaver, when, after the oath had been gone over, Ah Song, on a'spot upon tho floor cleared of straw, in front of tho witness i box, made a blow ot tho cook's nock, digging the point of tho eleavorj into tho boards, but only cut the feathers and flesh. ¡This was followed by sovoral other blows, and then,the head of the cock was dragged separoto from its neck-his Honor, diBgustod with-what ho doomed un- necessary bloodshed, remarking, "A gratuitous murder." Two other cocks were sacrificed in swearing witnesses, for tho¡ prosecution, Mr Windoyor insisting, upon their boing provided by the Crown. When Mr W. called tho first witness for tho defonoe, for : whom Mr Hasson in- terpreted, the witness desired to be sworn .in -tho same way. Mr Windeyer said ho had boon informed that the ' Crown [prosecutor. objected to, supplying cooks for tho defence ¡ ho did not think this right, but ho would not object to bb witnossos being sworn in either of the other - modes, j Tho Crown Prosecutor at first jus'tiQed himself, but ho thou rovokod his opinion, as ho had beon informed that tho cock plan would bo preferable to the ligh rone and that as the former had been begun with it should bo continuod. His Honor, evidently was annoyed,: but another cock:was soon beheaded.- By this time the floor in fron£ of tho witness, box had-beon pretty well marked by the cleaver, and sprinklod.with.blood,.to ,the disgust of many persons in.the court. . Fortunately To Wah and Ah Luck preferred blowiug a candió out, and the caso proceeded. It, was ono. of manslaughter and the accused was acquitted.-S raid wood Dispatch. , OASOTTE'B PBOPHEor.-In tho year-1788, Cazotte supped! with a distinguished party of guests at the heuse of the Duchess do Grommont. . . Ho sat silent at one end of tho table, staring at .his half-empty glass, and only rousing from his reverie when the victory of philosophy over' "¿religious superstition" was: too jactantly an- nounced. ,Suddcnly: ho sprang up, leaned over the table, mid said in a hollow voice, and with- pallid oheeks : "You havo reason to congratulate yourselves,? gontlo j men, for you will all bo witnesses of the great and sub- lime revolution whioh you so eagerly-desire. As you aro aware that. I understand something about prophesy- ing,'be good enough to listen to mo. You, M. Condor- cet, will give up tho ghost,, lying on tho floor of a sub torranean dungeoni; you, M. N-:-, will dio of poison ¡ and you, M. N;-, by- the executioner's hand." . On hearing'thia strange outbreak, all began protesting that' prisons, poison, and executioner had nothing in common with philosophy and the sovereignty of reason, on whose speedy approach tho soothsayer had just congratulated them, but Cazotto coldly continued :-"It is as I tell you, and all this will; happen in tho namo of reason humanity and philosophy. All I'havo announced will take placo, whore reason is tho sole ruler, and has its temples/ ' In my case,'. Chamfort retorted, 'you will not bo ¿ne of tho priests of that tomplo.' ' Not I, M. do Chamfort, but you assuredly will, for you deserve to bo chosen beforo all for such functions. For all that, you will opon your veins in two-and-twenty places with a razor, and will not dio till some months after that dos poroto operation. As. for you, M. Vicq d'Azyr, it is true that tho gout will prevent you opening your VOÚIB, but you will havo them opened by another person six tínica in thc «arno day, mid dio during tho foliov night. Ton, M. do Nicolai, will dio on tho Bcnflbld j so.will j ou,- M- de. Mnlcshcrbes !' _ -i Jhank -hoavi "Richer exclaimed, " M. Cazotto owes a grndgo to Academio.' But Cazotto quietly continued :-' You M. "Richer, will die on the scaffold ; and those who preparing such a destiny for yourself and tho rest ol company hero present, ore all philosophers Uko y ' And when will aU these fine things happon,' some asked. '? "Within six years from to-day,' Xaharpe cross-questioned the prophet of evil in a mocking TO: -' And pray, what will happen to mc, M. Cazotl 'A great miraolo, sir, you will bo oonverted and bec« n good Christian."; This put an end to tho feeling ' of i that h,ad begun t'o creep over tho company ; and Duchess de Grommont, reassurod by tho general lau ter, asked in her turn " The fate of us poor womer prosume, will not be-BO bad, for in revolutionary til we aro neglected.' 'Ladies,' answered Cazotto, *i time your BOX will not protect you 5 ond though yon 1 carefully refrain from interference, you will not fail tc treated exactly like tho men. You, ,too,-Mada la Duchesse, and many other great ladies will h to mount tho scaffold, and be taken in a cart w your hands tied behind your-back!' Tho Euch who regarded this as a jest, added, ' I trust, any rate, that I sholl h av o a mourning coai 'No, nos a common cart will be your lost c riage.1 Besides, greater ladies than you will bo drag) to punishment iu tho same way.' ' I hopo you do 1 allude to the princesses of the blood ?' * To even grea than they.' .'But we shall, not be refused tho comf of a confessor, to exhort us in our dying momonti 'Such a favour will only be granted to tho most illusl ous of all the victims.' 'But pray, what will happen yourself, M. Cazotto?' some of his audience'asked, I ginning to fool rathor uneasy. 'The same thing v happen to me,' ho replied, ' as happened to tho man w during tho last siego of Jerusalem, pronounced a iii imprecation on tho city, thon on himself, and v straightway killed by a stone.' After saying this Cazó bowed to tho company, and left tho room.-Semarlca Adventures and. Mysteries. Srcit A "RATTKH.--A correspondent of the Brookl Times' furnishes that paper with an amusing account his experienco with a terrier which he bought fron dealer on the recommendation that ho was "suoh ratter!" ; He had somo trouble at first in getting a i on which to try his " pup." ITe succeeded at last, a says : i TTowover the next doy I wos so fortnnnto as secure from a boy in tho market, a Ano oldlino, bob-tail rot, whose furious ofTorts to chaw everything willi reach gave promise of glorious sport for Nip. Took t rat home, called in my dog, and told my wife that if s wanted to seo tho way that terriers did rats, to cor down in the bnsoment. Sho come down and shut t door just in time, too ; for as soon as Nip sa w the ri he Nip, my ratter, for which I paid tho old gent fi dollars, made a roost unmistakably cowardly movomc towards tho hall. "Wife on a chair, soid tho dog did n appear to soo the rat. Told wife to keep her brest Thought I would not givo Nip any reason for Boeing tl rat again 5 BO I tied the string that held tho rat to tl dog's hind log. He saw tho rat that timo and jiimpt on the chair by wife. "Wife laughed and shoved him o; Tried tho stove next. Got off the stove without beir shoved. The rat, however, being an old stager, and ni being used to such treatment, made a demonstration 0 Nip's rear, and I don't behove little Elora Tomplo ovi made botter time in tho same limits, than tho dog an j rat around tho room. First heat, dog had tho leai I closely followed by rat, who on striking tho half mi pole (foot stool iii the cornor,) broko badly ; in fai I nearly broke his back, and before lio, could fie brougl down,- (ho was sliding on his book,) dog led him b whole length of string. Didn't stop for wind, but start« I on tho second heat. ' Got off well together (tied) an went finely around, neck and tail, until they reached tli judge's stand (wife standing on a chair,), against wilie dog brought up solid, bringing tho judgo down in a sty] I pre-eminently sudden, if not dignified. That heat wu ¡ decided against dog, you may bet, and it waa only afro much persuasion that tho judgo would again take he stand.; Tho third heat may bo aptly termed a dead heal I They got off as well apart as they conveniently conic I and sailed lively until just as they struck the last quartet whon tho rat, which ran about as well on his back as 01 his legs, shiod tho track and got rathor queerly wouni around a table leg. Dog kept on as fast as the strin; and length of his hind log, would let him. On raisini tho rat he was found to bo noncompos totally defunct I in fact dead. Nip was not much bettor off. Wife saic that dog couldn't kill mice. Told her that ho had cer tainly ; killed that rat ; but on viewing tho foat in i scientific light, I must confess I did not feel quito satis fled with tho performance of my pet, and tho next morn- ing gave him away to a milkman, who wanted a rattei to free! his stable from tho depredations of tho vermin. I have; not been able to ascertain which left him first tho rata or tho dog.-American Taper. _ THE, QUEEN'S STAG HOUNDS.-Stag hunting, as prac- tised in tho immédiate neighbourhood of London, cannot, I imagine, be considered, even by its most enthusiastic vo- taries, 'os a very devoted branch of the wild sports in Middlesex. Yon do not, indeed, hunt a wild animal at all; you hunt a wretched tame brute, kopt np in a stable, fed upon tho best of boans, oats and old hay, and chased round a paddock daily for tho improvement of its wind and condition. . You convoy it to tho placo of execution in a van drawn by poet horses ; you flavour it highly with-aniseed in order to solve all doubts and diffi- culties ,os to scent ; BB tho clocks strikes eleven you "enlarge'.' and "chivy" it furiously.for half a.mile with horsewhips and execrations, "to give it a start," and you then lay on your hounds. As the poor boost generally prefers ;running. along the roads,-:if the weather is dry and the roads hard,-its feet soon give way ond it is easily takon ; but if tho roads chance to be soft, or if it betakes itself, as it sometimes will, to the ploughed lands, tho ch aso is longer, and usually ends in some pond or stream, into which tho hot and wearied ? deer rushes when it is utterly blown. Occasionally, the hounds maul and manglo it so badly before tho huntsman can ride up to save it, that it has to be killed then and there, for as its horns aro sawn off, it has no means of defending itself; oftenor, how- ever, it is secured by the aid of hunting whips and - ropes, and is hauled into tho nearest barn or ooach-houso, where it remains a prisoner until its yan .arrives to convoy it homo again.' A few weeks' nursing'qnalifies it to appear in public once moro, and sb its miserable lifo passes' away, until some sod doy its feet oro entirely destroyed by the Macadam, or the hounds, distancing the huntsmen, tear it to piceos, Between the fato of a badger, kept in a box' to bs "|drnwn," and that of a deer kept in a paddock to ho hunted, there is, in fact, very little to choose.-Corn- hill Magazine. .... ? . . MAUEIAGE A SA MODE IN POLAND.-One day a cousin of .Count S-'s arrivod; he and his wife were hardly jscotpd. when another couple . were announced. They seemed all to be on most friendly terms. In tho evening! one of .tho gentlemen played at cards with the two ladies, and a third, who was staying at Ostrowski. When he.arrived, Countoss S--said to me, "Is it not eurioua'.tb see my cousin Aloxander playing cards with his threo wives?" , " His threa wives !" I exclaimed ; " surely you jest." "Not at all," ¿ho .answered. "No- thing ia moro common hero. Ho now regrets having divoroed from tho first s ho liked her best ; but sho has abo married again.' Thoy are all very friendly and agreeablo to ono another." . Countess S-continued : " You will hardly. moét a person in tho country who hus not boen married'moro than once. Tho Russians rc firove us on our. faoility. for. divorce os they marry for ¡fe; wo,, for as long us we please. It is bettor than living together.on ill terms." .This Boomed yory start- ling to mo ; but. it is a, fact of. which I was oonvincod from'porabnar observation,-Chambers's. Journal. . ; . ? ArsTitiÁN ETIQUETTE.-Thosoyory stiff-necked SWCIIB, the Austrian nobility,, have recently received o heavy rap upon their noble knuckles from no lesB a personago than tho Emperor Francis Joseph, At one.of tho court balls, a;yoúng officer of artillery, of plebeian birth, asked a lady pf high rank to danoo, with. him. All, the, ladv's blue blood flushod, into her-face, as' BIIO refused with marked disdain. Poor young officer!;' For a .moment he-must have felt every inch a democrat-tho. contempt of a woman is hard to boar. Tho Emperor, who had seen, the insult'offered to his guest and his uniform, carno up1 and said, " Captain, my mother wishes to, dance with you !" and a minute after tho gunnor was clasping the . hand, and perhaps tho waist of hor. Imperial Highness the' Archduchess Froderioka Sophia Dorothea Wilhel- mina, mother of his, Imperial Majesty Francis Joseph. Emporor of Austria.-Illustrated Times ?'. THE alcaraván, a bird of Venezuela, has the peculi- arity of) uttering a long, shrill sound at hourly intervals, thus marking every hour of tho night after tho manner of a clqok's, alarum. It is easily domesticated. in. tho houses, where it renders some service, not only by mark- ing time, but also by giving warning of tho approaoh of strangers. 