SHAKSPEARE. The approaching celebration of the tercentenary of Shakspeare's birth affords an appropriate oppor tunity ~of laying before our readers a brief sketch at the life of the great dramatist It is a matter of regret that comparatively little is known of the personal history of the man who, as a poet, has no compeer. Though his name cannot :' perish From the earth,' Montgomery's 'Common Lot' is in some respects more applicable to him than to a host of inferior men who, 'in the flight of ages past,' contrived to inscribe their names upon the records of fame. Shakspeare is chiefly known through his writings. We there see his towering genius— ' Sublime in majesty, in power supreme'— and we feel that sublimity and power, though we may know little or nothing of his personal history. Yet the desire to become better acquainted with an author is generally proportionate to our appre ciation of his works. When some master of the histrionic art or some prima donna of the lyric stage rises to popularity the world is anxious to know his or her antecedents. This desire is both natural and very general, and we are therefore sure that some of our readers will be glad to be made better acquainted with the principal inci dents in the life of one whose works will be read and admired as long as the literature he adorned and the language in which he embodied his sublime conceptions exist among men. William Shakspeare was born on or about April 2& 1564, at Stratford-upon-Avon. in the County of Warwick. The precise dar of his birth is not known. It is certain that his baptism took place April 26, and that his death occurred April 23, 1616. And as a tradition is said to have existed as early as the 17th century that the poet died on the anniversary of his birth, it has been assumed that such was the fact. On the other hand, as it is known that his only granddaughter, Lady Barnard, was married April 22, 1G2U, it has been conjectured with perhaps a greater degree of probability that her illustrious progenitor was born on that dav. With regard to bis paternal ancestry very little is known. To the interrogations or the anti quarian, tradition is, 'like nature's secrets, taci turn.' The oracle gives no response. It has been affirmed by some that John Shakspeare, the poet's father, was a butcher, and by others that be was a woolstapler; but it is now pretty well ascertained that he was a glover, and that in the latter part of his life hie was engaged in the cultivation of land Three centuries ago gloves were an article of dress much more costly, Iwcause more elalwrately wrought and ornamented, than at present. This circumstance, taken in connection with other ascertained facts, leaves no ro jni for doubt that during the eatly life of the poet his father was in easy, if not in affluent circumstances. He was the son of Richard Shakspeare, a substantial yeo man, and is supposed to have first settled in Strat ford in 1550. In 1557 he married Mary Arden, who was, by birth and connections, a gentle woman and on heiress. In 1565 he was chosen Alderman, and in 15GS High Bailiff' or Chief Magistrate of the town of Stratford. In this year he also obtained a grant of arms from the Herald's College. Ten years afterwards, however, he appears to have fallen into pecuniary diffi culties, though there is no evidence of his being in a state of actual distress. We have stated that the poet's mother was a gentlewoman and an heiress. Her ancestry has been traced back to the time of Henry VI., more than 130 years before Shakspeare's birth, as be longing to the landed gentry of Warwickshire. Mary Arden was the seventh and youngest daughter of Robert Arden, Esq., of Wilmecote, in the County of Warwick, who was the owner of land cultivated by the poet's father. Her marriage portion which she brought to her husband was the landed estate of Asbies, consisting of 50 acres of arable land, six of meadow, and a right of com monage. The annual rental of this small estate is estimated by Malone as low as £8 Ss., and the fee simple at £100. Campbell, however, estimates the rental at 11s. per acre, and the value of the estate at between £100 and £400. Perhaps the estimate of Mr. De Quincey is nearer the actual value than either, namely, the annual rental £14. and the fee simple £224, which he considers equal to £1,120 of our present money. In the earlier biographies of Shakspeare , it is stated that his parents were burdened or blessed with 10 children: but this has been ascertained to be erroneous. The mistake arose from confound ing John Shakspeare, the glover, with a shoe maker of the same name, also living at Stratford. The parents of the poet had four sons and foui daughters, and the order of their birth was as follows:— Joan, Margaret, William, Gilbert, a second Joan, Anne, Richard, and Edmund. The two eldest daughters and Anne died in childhood, and the rest attained to mature age. Much discussion has arisen respecting the extent of Shakspeare's educational attainments. Un questionably lie was not what in modern times would be considered a learned or even an educated man. Ben Jonson, who knew him intimately, says that 'he had small Latin and less Greek;' whilst there are others who affirm that they can discover in his writings an extensive acquaintance with the classics. It is certain, however, thai most of the Latin anil some of the Greek authors had been translated into the vernacular in Shak speare's time; and the probability is that he was principally indebted to such translations for hi: acquaintance with ancient lore. It is remarkable, also, that his writings are by no means free from anachronisms. Thus, in his ' Troilus and Cres sida.' the Trojan Hector is made to say:— ' — Not much Unlike young men, whom Aristotle thought Unlit to bear moral philosophy.1' So also, in 'Pericles,' Thaliard, addressing An tiochus, is made to say :— 'My Lord, if I Can get him once within my pistol's length. Til make him sure.' Still, there may be much truth in the conjec tures of Pope and others, that blemishes of tliis kind are the interpolations of ignorant transcribers or of unscrupulous editors. Dr. Johnson is of opinion that Shakspeare did not think his works ' worthy of posterity,' and that therefore he took no pains whatever to preserve the purity of the text. Though some of his plays were published during his lifetime, it was without his supervision and probably without his knowledge; and his first editors, including Hemmings, Condel, and even Rowe, made no attempts to restore the original readings. But whatever might have been the extent of Shakspeare's attainments as a man of letters, there was one book that he had studied with marvellous success. Perhaps it is not too much to say that no man of either ancient or modern times succeeded so well as he in deciphering the mystic characters of 'the book of Nature,' and that no other man ever attained to such a profound insight into the mechanism and operations of that most complicated of all organisms— the human heart We might say much on this subject, but it is no part of our design to write a treatise on the genius of Shakspeare. It is difficult, however, to stand in his august presence without paying homage to his transcendent intellect. We now pass on to an important epoch in the poet's life. We refer to his early marriage. Until within these last 30 years little more was known of this event than what had l-een published by Rowe from materials collected by Betterton, the actor, that Shakspeare had married early in life Anne Hathaway, the daughter of a substantial yeoman. But in septemtar, 1SW, a document wa,s brought to light, consisting of the licence for the marriage under the condition ' of once asking of the baunes of matrimony,' and of a bond entered into by two sureties, named Fulke Sandells and John Rychard son, yeomen, for the payment of £40, in the event of Snakspeare, then a minor, failing to fulfil the conditions of the licence. In tihs document occur the following:— 'The condition of this obligation is suche, that if herafter there shall not appere any lawfull lett or impediment by reason of any precontract, &c.;, but that Willm. Shagspere, one thone ptie' [on the one party] 'and Anne Hathwey, of Stratford, hi the diocess of Worcester, maiden, may lawfully solemnize matrimony together, and in the same afterwards remaine and continew like man and wide. And, moreover, if tho said Willm. Shag spere do not proceed to solemnization of mariadg with the said Anne Hathwey without the consent of his frinds, then the said obligation to be voyd and of none effect, or els to stand & abide in full force and vertue.' The date of this bond is No vember 28, 1582. It is not known precisely where nor how soon afterwards the marriage actually took place; but that the event was pre cipitated is manifest, not only from the tenor of the document, but from the fact that the registry of the baptism of Shakspeare's eldest daughter Susanna ia dated May 2G, 1583. Whatever reasons there may be for supposing, as many have done, that the ' Gentle 'Shakspeare' ' Was the victim of the wiles of a crafty and designing woman in entering upon this alliance, it is pretty certain that it was anything but a happy one. Early in 1585 Shakspeare's wife gave birth to twins— a son and a daughter. These were baptized in February of that year, and named repectively Haraet and Judith, which were the names of Mr. and Mrs. Sadler, who acted as sponsors on that occasion. Hamet died when about 11 years old.. Both daughters survived their father; both married and had issue, but the succession was discon tinued by the death of the grandchildren without offspring. About the year 1586, either to escape the humilia tion of domestic feuds, or with the hope of being able to repair the failing fortunes of his father, who ihat year resigned the office of Alderman, Shak speare repaired to London, where he became asso ciated with the players, and, as has been recently discovered by Mr. Collier, in 1559 he became a shareholder in the property of one of the London fbeatres. A tradition has, indeed, long been current 'that Shakspeare fled to- London to escape the prosecution of Sir Thomas Lucy, and that he had been judicially whipped for stealing deer from that baronet's park. This tale, however, is now regarded, as a scandalous slander. Sir Thomas had no park, and probably no deer; the alleged offence was not punish able with flogging, and if it had, and Shakespeare had been subjected to such an ignominy, he would not have fled to London to escape a punishment he had already suffered. Besides Greene, a dramatic writer, who published in 1693 a violent and scurrilous attack upon Shak speare, whom he designates as ' an upstart crow, beautified with our features, in his own conceit the only Shakscene in a country,' makes no allusion either to the theft or the flagellation, though, if it ever occurred, it must' have been well known so recently after the event ' ' ' ' Another tradition of at least very doubtful authority is the old story that Shakspeare on his first arrival in London gained his livelihood by holding the horses of those who visited the theatre. Betterton professed to have received the information from Sir William Davenant, and he communicated it to the credulous Rowe. The latter in his turn passed it on to Pope, Pope to Bishop Newton, and the latter to Dr. Johnson. It appears, hst?ever, that the.^ w&s; no Buch'cnstom as1 riding on horseback fo'the playtn SUaksrjeire's time; -and certainly, if there had been, the owners would not have' entrusted their bones' to strangers,' and exposed them for hours together to the cold. We have already exceeded our intended limits in this isketch, and we therefore hasten to state in a few voids mdi other incidents in the post'slife as atel&r; Afjti&-& ' 'As. ajre4-!y stt.w\t possessed a share in a theatre in 1588, only three years after his arrival m London. In 1966 his interest in the property was considerably increased. It is believed that ne wrote his first drama, 'The Two Gentlemen of Verona,' in 1591, and that his other 36 imperishable productions were all written between the years 1591 and 1611, of which 'The Tempest' was the last This exquisite romantic drama contains esvtnl ?magni- fictnttmsslges, which seenr predicate that its f ftifcfWrifWNW'!'^ drawing to a close; or, as Campbell expresses it, , ' as if conscious that this would be his last work, the poet has been inspired to typify himself11 (in the character of Prospero) 'as a wise, potent, and benevolent magician.' - ? ' We are such stuff As dreams are made of; and our little life Is rounded by a sleep.' Dr. Drake and others have supposed that during the 20 years from 15!-1 to 1611 he often visited Stratford. The Eev. John Ward, A.M., Vicar of Stratford, in his diary, extendiug from 164S to 1679, says that Shakspe&re; 'in his elder days lived at Stratford, and supplied the stage with two plays every year, and for it had an allowance so large that he spent at the rate of £1,000 a year, as I have heard.' Whether this be strictly true or not, it is certain that he purchased 'the great house' at Stratford about the year 1600. and that in 1002 he added to it 107 acres of land, purchased for £320-a sum equal to £1,600 of the present day. During this time he also materially assisted in re-establishing his father's fortune. Ten years later, or about the year 1611, he finally retired with an annual income of £300 to his native home. ,Here he spent the remainder of his days 'in dignified ease, in profound meditation, and in universal respect. As stated at the commence ment, his death occurred April 23, 1010. ; Shakspeare's eldest daughter, Susanna, married Dr. John Hall June 5, 1(507, who died in Novem ber. 1635, aced 60 years. She died July 11, 1G4R, aged 66. They had but one child, a daughter, named Elizabeth, born in 1608, who married Thomas Nashe, Esq., April 22, 1(20, by whom she was left a widow in 1647. Subse quently she was married to Sir John Barnard, but she had no children by either marriage. Shak peare'8 other daughter, Judith, married Mr. Thomas Quiney, of Stratford, February 10, 1616, about 10 weeks before her father's death, and had three sons, Shakspeare, Richard, and Thomas, all of whom died without issue. Judith was about 31 years old at the time of her marriage, and died in February, 16S2. The stupendous intellect of Shakspeare, as exemplified in his incomparable writings, does not appear to have shone forth with any very remark able brilliancy through his acting upon the stage. His most successful impersonation is said to have been the Ghost, in 'Hamlet.' Queen Elizabeth frequently honoured Shakspeare with her pa tronage, and her successor, James I, on the 29th of May, 1603, two months after his accession, granted a patent to the company of the Globe Theatre, whioh raised them to the rank of His Majesty's servants; and in this patent Shakspeare's name stands second. It is supposed that it was in giateful acknowledgment of this roynl favour that Shakspeare aftenvaids paid that sublime compliment to the house of Stuart involved in the vision shown to Macbeth. The first edition of Shakspeare's works is that of Hemmings and Condel, published in folio, 1623. A second edition appeared in 1632, n third in 1661, and a fourth in 1685. The principal editions of the eighteenth century are those of llowe (dated 1709), Pope, Theobald, Sir Thomas Hanmar, Bishop Warburton, Dr. Johnson, Capell, Stevens, and Malone. In more recent times innumerable edi tions have been published, not only in English, but almost every other language in the civilized world. Shakspeare has had his traducers— men of narrow souls, who, like Gonzalo. would 'make the rope of his destiny their cable.' But 'his name has filled the earth;' and his sublime pro ductions will be admired and read, when the drivellings of Dennis and Rymer and the sneers of Voltaire are alike forgotten. 