BSV, P, P» AGNEW AND TUES BISHOP | ....-"-0J* SYDNEY, THE following remarks otro been forwirdr d to ni by tb Bey, P, P, Agnew ni t» aoppJeojcnt to bf> address i Tuesday evening I beg to eey bete that Eplaoopiey te opt of Divin institution." There is no compléta system of cb oro government leid down in Scriptare. I at-'ke my oridi on this assertion now, but I shall have plenty of oypai tnnitiea of proving and establishing the faol hereeftei God io His wisdom has left the aabjaot of eooleaiaetioi government only-partially exhibited, and has left tb ayatemto be carried oat, by tbe consent and prudent of ObrlsiltBB, according to the varions oiroamstanoes c tbe oburob, aa varióos ages and countries might rc qoire. Epleoopacy ii a mare matter cf oonvtnlenoe prndenee or osefalneBP, and possesses no eutborlt except »hat arises from the.coosant.and adoption of lhot who receive it." ' Bishop BYrker haB been told to his faoc that bia loiters patent were worth no more than tbi psrohnjent they were written cn, end havi not tho late , Imperial. despatches annonnced tha be has no ' more legal authority than tbi obairman, cr preaident, of any other Christian oossmn nit] T These expressions may appear harsh, il not un neoeeeary, bnt listen to what others are asyisg on thi aabjeot. Tbe Rev. Dr. Hook, one of the moat distin galahad elergymen of the Ghnrob of Eog'and, wber preaobing at the Manchester Church Coo gres», at wbica the Bishop bf "Sydney, and tbe "Bishop of Melbonroi wera present, so late aa October I8ib., 1603, said:-. ",Ft om the sebastien of the House oi Branswiok, to thi present hoar, it hes been the mlsfertane of the C-inrsl ot England, ! at between tbe Biébof a and clergy, a good undemanding bas never existed. Men have been ap pointed to tba Episoopata generally from polltioal con. aideratione, before tl e passing of the Beform Bi.'l, tc pnrohaae votes in tbe House of Commons, and BIOOB ital time to enable parlizina to pnrohaae tbe goodwill of theil constituents; sometimes to conciliate one party, and then io disarm ' the hostility of another, and not anfrc quent ly from pstBonol friendship and caprice, ssareeiy ever with a single view of bintfl'ing the church.'' And again, !» According to tho oomtilutional rrinoiples whioh ara now acknowledged In tbia country, tba elergy and laiiy of tbe Charon of England oonld hardly bi expected to acquiesce' in ' tbe decisionB ol biabopr, in whes) appointment they have bad no ature, not evin a veto, And though, hoverer individual members may bj revered, are as a body, the representa, tites not of the ebureh bat of the government ; not for their efficiency ta oonduot tba'e'ffiirB of the church, bat with * view to their vote in the House of Lords." Tbia venerable author If y Iben tells this gr¿at mealing how bishops are made ; and I cannot tell where tba many bishops who were thea present, ooald have bid (heir faces, w'aen' thia iniquity was revealed to the world. I do . not tbfnk (bat a respectable ' oonslable wonld aeaept a ' situation nader the earns olroamstanaeB. "When a blshoprlek is vaoioi". coys br-, "tbe Prime Minister sends a conge d' elite to tba Dean and Gtjaptcr of the di.'ea e. requiring (hem to fleet a bishop, at the name time intimating to them that though thia lying doonment gives" them permission' to eleot, yet if täey do not' elect' the person mentioned by the Prime Mloiater, they ehairthat'c'ay forth bVpút ont of th.- pro. tection of tbe Crown, their lands and goads are forfeited, their bodies wherever found BUD.1I be taken end impri. aoned, «nd if not found they aro outlawed." Tba present Bishop of Sydney WQB not appointed ander saab oiroan» erenoe« ; bat hi]' appointment was surrounded with everything tbat ought to have secured his humility and peaceful administration. After' this dlooese bad'been a-begging for two' or three yeera, dur.'ng which time it bad - been rejected ' by many comoleotlcuj men, it ' ' -waa " al last. . eff rod' . to. him and aoaentn-}.' Thn "AnniiMnlAlarl ealnre amnnnl. lng to . - large flam', nod' '£9000 per annum were put at hil dispos*),' bat ba wis given ' to understand thit hie episcopal authority depended on tte aooeptanoe of tbe ohmob. There ia no doubt that hia very existonos ai a biahop depended on the rooeptlon be rcoeived irom tbeolergy. Their nailed taloa might bave rejected bim, bat he clothed himself in 'such meekness, and was so oondesoendlng end gentle,'that bo was told at a large pubiio meeting,' that " ho' Would' Kot b'av'o' been known (or a bishop, bat (or his aproo." I will givs two other short examples of opinion. Tbe fl rat la that ol Sir Alfred ' Stephen aa espreBped at a oharob meeting In bis own 1 parish, July 15, 1857: "I consider that wo ought to elsot oar ono bishops, ' I dd not soy this moroly becsasa I bel eve this vlow'of tho qbebtfon' to ba the popular coe, brit I believe It .* fco- *e8Sp««We to the ohnrjh at taran in thia. colony. I do not Imsgtne that any evil bot roaob good would result from oar MeotiO'i of oar own bishops. I hove nb fear that it would oréate nnteemly jealousies .mong"tUe clergy ¡ I believe that it would greatly tend td eUvaie'ina etindird oí Olerioal qualifloa. lion," Mr. Metoalfs, one of lbs oldest and bett irionds of the Church of Englond ia this colony, on that occasion -.eeld-" Mete partisanship may be so effectually exer- cised as to deprive | atiábOs ol 'snob'a ministry as they approve and desire. Thé late Bishop Broughton was even-handed; "He reBpeoted every man equally,and was willing to give to all men their rights. 1 am soirjr to say, from my observation, (tai it ts hot now tba ossa. It is high time to altar tbe system Ol patronage altogether." Tbs eminont olergymsn wbo oooupied the obair, eaid .-"Long experience only (hows the unsatisfactory altars of our present position." You'ces I do not stand alone in' my opinion, I only' do' so in aotion, . TUB BELL BIKOERS AT THE ASYLUM ron DESTiivra CHILDREN, BAHntvioK.-At the .request of Alderman Bapbael, these artista gave their voluntary cervices at a performance at the above asylum,, yesterday, to 450 obildten, the directora, and friends of the inatitution, After having gone Ibrongh their varied performance, lo (bs great delight -of - ell . present, Ibo Verier. able Arobdeocon M'Kncroe, one of ibo Vice Presidents, .relamed - thinks: to thom on -bshalf of himself and brotbir directors, for . their bind oonduot (o Ihaohildaen, snd wished them all sneosBsïn the travels they are abont nndertaklog. Thia wss indeed a great fr¿at lo tba children of the insulation. THE INIMITABLE BARLOW.-This versatile genius, who in London, twenty years ago, created such a furore with his 'Blue tail Fly," made his first appearance before a Sydney audience last evening - in the School of Arts, Considering the short notice tho Hall was well filled; end the reception accorded him was of the most enthusiastic nature. His Scotch ballad, " Creep awa' my Bairnie," is a perfect gem; his comic song, " Have you seen the Ghost ?"- the shade of Tom Pepper—elicited roars of laughter. Other songs, comic and sentimental, followed in rapid succession, keeping tho audience in a perfect state of dellght. He draws music out of a gridiron, and sweet sounds from a pair of kitchen bellows, bringing as a climax his song of the "Blue tail Fly," which, as a specimen of Negro comicalities, is truly " inimitable," He is accompanied by the Campbell Minstrels, who, in their selections of ballads and burlesques, display great talent. He who plays the concertina has no equal in Sydney. Bent amuses with his eccentricities, and Sand- ford, who was presented with the champion's belt in India, dances well. Among tho many, attractions in Sydney the inimitable Barlow and his company take a first-rate place. They must be sees to be properly appreciated. CORONER'S INQUEST-An inquest on the body of a married man, aged ninety-two years, named William Ralph, was held yesterday at the Foresters' Hall Hotel, Redfern. Tbs deceased kept a small shop In George- street, Redfern. He was a limeburner by trade, but during the last eight years had not worked at it. He was a temperate man, and up to the day of his death appeared healthy. His wife, aged eighty-five years, is living, and a married daughter aged fifty- eight years gave evidence before the coroner. Between twelve and one o'clock on Tuesday, while cutting wood, he was seized with a fit. His wife found him struggling on the ground. He was taken into the house, where he died shortly afterwards. Verdict--Died from a fit. TUE WKATHEB NBAn MODOEB.-A oold onlting wind, accompanied by a drizzling rain, has prevailed fur tba last few day». The ronda are in a wrenched stale of sloppy mod, relieved here sod thero by lirgo poota cf raia water. Tho .low lying latins between Madges and Broombee ire, many of them oov;rod wiih water from the varions oreoka (hst flow ia that direction, completely etopping for tbe tima oil farming operations, Tte same may bs said of many of tho farms on tbe opposite aide af the river. ' The Hal near Mr. Qalgley'd farm ls covered, forming aa nola errupted Bheet ot noter for about two mileB. ' The Oadgegong river rote very blgb on Fiiiiy, but baa BÍOCO that ilowly sub lided. Wa have heard of no oainaltles, exoopliog that a drover narrowly escaped with his Ufa lo crossing tbe river between Broombee and Applotrea Flat. At ?harry Tree Hill, on Sanday last, the snow lay lo a depth af soveral Inches, while the cold waB described aa (ntenif. At the Chown Ridge, the rain fell ao fast as to completely choke the oreoW, and came np nt one time to within a few inobes of Ur. Oliver'« door. The Moioo was on Bnndiy bank blgb, and could only ba eroised by swimming the boree» over. There was a partial erma lion of iain ia Mudgee yest, rdaji bal ap to lateboar'ntae | evening tba weather remained gloomy and threatening. Ii was rainin« tatt night whan iwn want to nra».' [ Wfttrn Pon. I 