CHURCH OF ENGLAND - ADDRESS OF THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY. Yesterday evening, the Bishop Metropolitan of Sydney delivered an address to the members of the Church of England, in the St. James's Schoolroom, Castlereagh street. The chair was taken at a quarter to eight o'clock by his Excellency Sir John Young. The room was densely crowded in every part, a large portion of the auditory consisting of ladies. Most of the principal families belonging to the Anglican communion resident in or near Sydney were represented. Proceedings were commenced with prayer, offered up by the Rev. Canon Allwood. The BISHOP of Sydney addressed the meeting as follows :– I am reminded of a circumstance which took place a few years ago on the occasion of one of my journeys into the interior at a time when a general election was about to be held. A man in the service of one of the candidates asked my fellow– traveller if the Bishop was going up the country to address his constituents ! The question would perhaps be more appropriate if asked this evening; and though the period during which I have to give an account of my proceedings is not quite so long as a Parliamentary session, and the interests I seek to promote are of a somewhat different character from those which ordinarily oc– cupy the attention of Parliament, yet I am no doubt placing myself before those who have it in their power greatly to assist the cause I advocate, and whose sympathies and support I am therefore anxious to secure. I have recently returned from a visitation of the greater part of my diocese, and I propose to give such information upon the condition and requirements of the Church in the districts I have visited, as may interest you in behalf of the work which is doing, and of the work to be done. The information will, I doubt not, be interesting to some who hear me, and to others who may read my words, and if I can only succeed in conveying to you the impressions I have myself received, we shall, I trust, be encouraged by the past to make those vigorous and earnest efforts which are necessary if we intend to overtake the ever-growing spiritual necessities of the diocese. We are at an important period of our Church's organisation in this colony, and additional information and an increase of our zeal are needed to stimulate and encourage the members of the Church of England to carry on the work which devolves upon them. There is in Sydney some ignorance of the character of the work of the Church in the interior. Representations are occasionally made, the effect of which is likely to be that in some quarters our efforts will be hindered. The best way, as it appears to me, of removing these misappre- hensions is by a statement of facts, a narrative of that which is being done, and a comparison of the present with the past, by one who has had the opportunity of making the necessary ob- servations, and whose great aim is to promote the cause of religion in connection with our beloved Church. I have a sincere desire for the true highest wellbeing of this colony. I know from the Source of all wisdom what is the true source of a nation's greatness, that righteousness exalts it, that sin is its reproach, and unrepented of will be its ruin, and my object is to aid in laying deep and broad the foundation of this country's prosperity, by fixing in the hearts of the people that fear of the Lord which leads men to serve Him, and to hate every false way. My late visitation tour began the second week in September and ended in the last week of November. With a brief interval of seven days it occupied nearly three months, and extended over 1500 miles, I do not intend to enter minutely into the circum– stances of each parish visited by me ; my object is to show what has been done by the clergy and their parishioners , especially in connection with the Church Society, to state facts, and to point out remedies suited to the circumstances of the country, and from this survey to draw motives and encouragements for the addi- tional efforts required. By the help of the Great Western line of railway one soon reaches the foot of the Blue Mountains. Before ascending them I will contrast the ecclesiastical condition of the district of Emu Plains and Castlereagh, as seen by me nine years ago, with its present state. The incumbent of Penrith was at the former period charged with the duties of Emu Plains and Castlereagh; these districts having lost their clergymen and the Government stipend by the death of a former incumbent, who was also a Government chaplain. The church at Castlereagh was dilapidated and forsaken; its high elevation, which had served as a place of refuge for the parishioners in a time of flood, serving them with an excuse for not going to it at other times. The church at Emu Plains was a small stone schoolhouse.There had once been a residence for the clergyman, but it also had first been forsaken and then had fallen down. Thus in one district there was a forsaken church and a parsonage in ruins ; in the other, a school- room of small inadequate size. Such was the melancholy state of things when first I crossed the Nepean, in the month of Septem– ber, 1855. I have frequently crossed it since, but never with more gratified feelings than in September of the present year. Time, and the blessing of God upon the efforts of the active, zealous clergyman, had indeed wrought great changes ! The dilapidated church at Castlereagh was restored, and the congregation brought back. The school-house at Emu enlarged into a commodious church, and a parsonage-house placed by its side. The burial-ground fenced in and consecrated. Materials for a new school-house were on the ground, so that the church might be kept for its proper use. The services regularly per– formed on Sundays, and outlying portions of the district supplied on the week days. All this afforded cause for abundant thanksgiving to Almighty God, while the locality has a peculiar interest for the friends of the Church Society, as being the first where the Society did prac– tically commence its career of usefulness. It is owing to the help and encouragement given to the people of the district by donations to different objects, and especially by the payment of one-third of the clergyman's stipend, that this change has been effected. Ascending the Blue Mountain range by that road once so soli- tary and devoid of the interest called forth by the presence of man, one is rejoiced to see how surely and skilfully the difficulties of railway communication are being overcome. The lofty and graceful viaduct spans the deep valleys. The precipitous sides of the mountain are scientifically scaled; their highest peaks con– nected by embankments or pierced by deep cuttings and tunnels. The varied and distant views of magnificent scenery which are opened up as the line winds through the intricacies of the moun- tains, will make the Bathurst line of railway one of the most picturesque in the world. At present much interest must be felt in hundreds of men, many with families, employed on the various works along the line. Very little appears to have been done for their spiritual good, but since my return I have arranged that a clergyman shall occasionally visit the whole of the line as far as Blackheath. The works appeared to be carried on with diligence and activity. The men formed a fine intelligent-looking body, and gladly re- ceived the books and tracts for themselves and their children which were offered to them. At Hartley, the church was to be consecrated and a confirma- tion service to be held. Here also a change had been effected. On my first visit, nine years before, I was met by the Rev. Mr. Lisle, who occasionally came down from Kelso and gave a service in the Court-house. There was neither resident minister nor church nor school in connection with the Church of England. These all now exist. The church, a Gothic stone build- ing, has just been completed. A stained glass window in the chancel and a marble tablet commemorate the labours and death of the Rev. Mr. Troughton, the first incum- bent and principal promoter of the erection of the church. Owing to the state of the roads and the inclemency of the weather several of the candidates from the neighbourhood of Mount Lambie, fifteen miles off, were unable to be present at the Confirmation, and for their sakes a second service was held on my return. Hartley is as much indebted as Emu Plains to the Church Society. From the time when a resident clergyman was appointed the society has contributed £100 per annum towards the stipend, and gave £120 interest on a loan towards the erection of the church. In fact it owes its existence as a separate parish to the Church Society, while the clergyman's visits are now extended to a very large district, which was heretofore destitute of these advantages. In Bathurst there is much done, and to be done. The Church has been enlarged at a considerable cost, and will soon be free from debt. It is a very good and commodious structure, and is well attended. The incumbent will shortly be aided in his laborious duties by an assistant minister, whose stipend, to be paid through the Church Society will be provided by the people. The gaol, the hospital, and the Sunday school, are all visited on Sunday, and services held in the former, as well as in the Church morning and evening. It was assuredly time that the burden of those duties should be lightened, and also that some services should be held in the districts of Evans's Plains, and the Vale road in the vicinity of Bathurst. During my stay at Bathurst the Branch of the Church Society was re-organised, a meeting was held for the purpose of obtaining an endowment, and a plan proposed to raise £1000 for this object, The anniversary meeting or the Bible Society was also held. One day was spent at O'Connell Plains with the Rev. Mr. Lisle, and service and a public meeting held. Another day near Rockley, and a service held at the Lagoon. It is proposed to form a new district in these localities. The Rev. Mr. Lisle has charge of O'Connell, and the Rev. Mr. Coombes has visited the upper part of the Fish River ; but a very extensive corner of the diocese, watered by the Abercrombie and the higher parts of the Fish and Macquarie Rivers, is without any pastoral oversight for the members of the Church of England. It is a part of the country unhappily notorious for the cattle- stealing and bushranging propensities of some of the residents. It has been carefully visited by Mr. Synge, and from O'Connell and from the more respectable part of the population, promises of subscrip- tions towards the stipend of a clergyman have been obtained to the amount (on paper) of £200 per annum. If the Church Society is able to give £100 per annum, and suitable arrange- ments can be made for collecting the promised subscriptions, the district may be placed on the same footing as Emu and Hartley, and I trust with equal benefit. The church at O'Connell has already been partially endowed by the liberality of the Rev. T. Hassall, and a further effort is being made by a local committee under the management of Mr. Nolan and other resi- dents at O'Connell. A portion of the Abercrombie District is also visited by the Rev. G. M. Fox, who holds (gratuitously) services at Rockley, and also at George's River. The whole district, how- ever, greatly needs a resident clergyman and where the need is greatest the desire is least. The most dangerous symptoms of a moral disease are the disbelief in its existence, and the consequent refusal to do anything towards its removal. Can it be expected that in a population where the children have grown up without religious education or knowledge, without any re- cognition of the restraints of law, in whose eyes cattle-stealing is not a crime, but an occupation in which skill and success cover all offences, much anxiety will be felt that a clergyman should reside amongst them, or that his services should he remunerated by their payments! For such localities religious ordinances must be provided by others. The help must come from without ; and why the Government should pay policemen, gaolers, and judges, and not clergymen as well as schoolmasters, it would be hard on any sound principle of social economy to say. He may call himself a philanthropist, but he is not a philoso- pher, who hopes to make a people moral by any other agency than that of religion; and he is equally unwise who supposes that a people in such circumstances as I have described will re- form themselves. External aid is absolutely necessary, and will, I trust, in this case be obtained. On the second Sunday of my stay at Bathurst, I preached in the afternoon at the new church of Peel. Three memorial windows for members of the founder's (Mr. Suttor's) family, have been recently put up ; and when the church is completed, it will be one of the many good and appropriate buildings, for which we are mainly indebted to the munificence of private individuals. On my return to preach at Bathurst in the evening, I met with an accident, which might have been attended with serious con- sequences, being thrown out of the carriage with considerable force. I desire to acknowledge the goodness of Almighty God in my preservation, and in my ability to resume my journey on the day but one after the accident occurred. Our visit to Carcoar was somewhat saddened by the dangerous and painful illness of the Rev. J. A. Burke. A confirmation was held, and the journey towards Forbes resumed by way of Cano- windra and Goimbla. In this part of our journey we heard much of the exploits of the bushrangers, and were inmates of three houses which had been attacked by them. The evil is, in many instances, clearly traceable to the habits and tastes contracted on the gold-fields. The interruption of quiet industrious labour, the excitement attendant upon the pos– sibility of becoming suddenly rich- the power of obtaining money easily, and yet by modes not strictly honest, led from one kind of theft to another, from stealing stock to plundering travellers. When it is considered that on the diggings at Forbes there were at one time said to be 36,000 souls, that seven theatres, and a pro portionate number of public- houses, and every form of temptation assailed the morality of the place, it is not surprising that I should express my opinion at a public meeting, that Forbes was happier in its decay than in its full blown prosperity, and that the 1200 people who remain are to be congratulated that, with the removal of so large a portion of the population, so much of vice should also have departed. -A violent storm of wind had passed over the town, levelling many canvas houses with the ground, dismantling the Great Eastern Hotel, and blowing the roof from the theatre. Three places of worship had been prostrated; the Church of England remained unshaken. It is a handsome and large structure, built of pine, and during the three services and confirmation on Sun- day was well filled. Lower down the river Lachlan than Forbes, a short visit was paid to the station of Mr. Strickland, at Bundaburra, an excel- lent friend to the Church, and where the advantages of a resident clergyman are fully appreciated and exemplified. On returning to Forbes, a meeting was held to devise means for the payment of the remaining debt upon the church, and the consideration of other matters connected with the parish. Considering the depressed state of the district much was done; a considerable sum had been raised, and with the help of £100 from the Church Society, it was hoped that the debt would be extinguished. The Church Society was indeed a benefactor to the district before the town of Forbes had any existence. When the Lachlon diggings were first discovered the pastoral district was under the charge of the Rev. Mr. Brownrigg, who had been sent there in connection with the Church Society, and was on the spot and prepared to do all in his power to meet the emergency which had so suddenly arisen. He had great energy, but the powers of the most active could avail little in a pastoral district already sufficiently large into which a population of thousands and tens of thousands was suddenly poured. But now that the population is reduced within limits which make it possible to reach to minister to it the effects of Mr. Brownrigg's labours are seen in the substantial church, the commodious parsonage, in the interest in the Church's work which was awakened and is still sustained there, and in the repu- tation which he and his immediate successor, Mr. Innes, have left behind them. Their work is carried on by the present incumbent steadily and successfully, and his efforts are well seconded by the lay mem- bers of the Church. A few suggestions which I made were kindly received, and in one instance, at least, promptly acted upon. The parsonage is some miles from Forbes, having been built before the town was formed, and as the vestry of the church is sufficiently large, for the purpose, I proposed that it should be fitted up as a kind of prophet's chamber, in order that the clergyman might have a room in the town in which to sleep and take his evening meal. The idea was met with approval, and the next morning as Mr. Bar- nier was on his way to join our party, a good woman who had been at the meeting the previous evening promised him the first instalment towards the furnishing of his vestry by the gift of a pillow. From Forbes to Orange is seventy-five miles. The latter place was reached on Friday, the 7th of October. On the following day the burial-ground was consecrated, and on Sunday three ser- vices were held, the confirmation being in the afternoon. The church has been enlarged, and now holds 300 people, and a very extensive district surrounding Orange, comprising the Cano- blas Mountain, the Wentworth Gold-fields, Molong, and Shep- herd's Creek, and extending even to Stoney Creek and Burran- dong, has been cared for by the Rev. Robert Mayne. He had for a short time been assisted by the Rev. Edward Synge, who met us at Forbes, and returned with us to Orange. Mr. Synge, taking on a part of Mr. Mayne's district, the latter had been enabled to visit the more distant portions, and to prepare some of the young people for confirmation. On the Monday following, a meeting was held at which the wants of the district were taken into consideration, and much that is encouraging was said and done, Mr. Mayne drew a reasonable and graphic picture, in which he contrasted the past with the present condition of the district, and attributed to the Church Society, under God, the chief share in the change that had taken place. When he arrived, there was not one place of worship in connexion with the Church of England. There are now five, two of them being substantial stone and brick build- ings, and by means of valuable lay assistants, services are regu- larly held in them all. The number of free selectors is considerable. The gold-fields at Wentworth are attracting additional population, and the time seems to have arrived for the appointment of a second clergyman. Orange itself will, I doubt not, fulfil its engagement to pay the stipend of a clergyman who will devote his time mainly to the residents in the township and its immediate neighbourhood. Orange appears to be in a prosperous condition. I was informed that 15,000 quarters of wheat were grown last year, with but little appearance of rust, and, if railway communication could be ex- tended to this district, the advantages would be felt not only there but in Sydney itself. The maintenance of a second clergyman is, however, a serious addition to the calls upon the adjoining district, and I do not think it possible to accomplish this without the external aid that may be looked for from the Church Society. At a meeting at Orange it was resolved that contributions should be raised for the stipend of one clergyman, an endowment fund was commenced, £75 per annum for five years being sub- scribed in the room ; and it was also intimated that for a married clergyman a parsonage would be built. Here, as well as at Bathurst, I dwelt upon the necessity of making permanent pro- vision for the maintenance of the clergy, and found great readi- ness to commence a fund for that purpose. Another subject upon which I addressed them was the forma- tion of an additional bishopric for the west-a Bishopric of Bathurst. There is sufficient wealth in the district to supply the necessary funds, and the marked success which has attended the erection of the Southern Bishopric affords an encouraging prece- dent for such a project. While I was engaged in visiting the far West of my present diocese, my right rev, brother the Bishop of Goulburn was similarly engaged in the South. Portions of my former diocese which had never been visited by me have been reached by him, additional clergymen have been provided, local efforts called forth, and an interest elicited in the work of the Church which had never before been felt. An Irish Roman Catholic in the interior who had kindly re ceived and refreshed me on one of my journeys, upon my thanking her for the hospitality so freely afforded, replied to the effect that it was they who were under the obligation, " for sure if it was not for the likes of such as you coming to see us in the bush, we'd be lost entirely." This was her estimate of the value of a Bishop's visit, and it was to my own mind a pleasant reflection that while I was journeying in one portion of the eastern side of this great Australian continent, four of my right reverend brethren were similarly occupied between Brisbane, and Victoria. Great indeed is the change which a quarter of a century has witnessed. Instead of a Metropolitan of India whose province included Australasia, we have now fourteen Bishops endeavouring to spread the blessings of Christianity and education throughout this new division of the world. From Orange we proceeded north and west to Molong, where a confirmation was held in the afternoon, and a public meeting on behalf of the Church Society in the evening. At the latter, a collection of £4 10s. was made, and though in consequence, of the rain and the rising of the creek, I was unable to attend, Mr. Synge and Mr Mayne, whose quarters were on the same side of the creek as the place of meeting, gave the necessary information and elicited a liberal amount of aid. I may here observe that I did not omit many opportunities of advocating the cause of the Church Society, and hope that its finances have to some small extent been assisted by my endeavours. Molong, which is a thriving agricultural and pastoral district, would form a very suitable point from which a clergyman might extend his labours west and north on the Bogan, and east and north on some of the smaller gold fields. To make Molong his principal residence, and generally the scene of his Sunday labours, and to travel from thence in the directions I have indicated,would be a great boon to a wide and thinly populated district. The day following our arrival at Molong I rode eighteen miles to hold a confirmation in one of the most humble of the many places in which I officiated, a slab building with a bark roof. Still it sufficed for the present requirements of the locality. It was neatly kept, had the appear ance and commodious arrangements of a church, and from con- siderable distances thirteen young people, with their friends, had assembled at this central point, Shepherd's Creek, to be con- firmed. I felt amply repaid for my thirty- six miles ride at seeing how much the visit was appreciated, and how surely the work of their faithful and conscientious pastor was telling upon the young people. The next day we parted from our kind friends at Molong, and passed into a portion of the country which was formerly the scene of very active gold mining operations, and which is still partially worked. At Ironbarks divine service was held in the evening, and on the following morning three young persons, who could not reach Shepherd's Creek, were confirmed. After this service we proceeded, still accompanied by our two clerical friends, and halting for an hour in the middle of the day by the banks of the Bell River, we reached the township of Wellington here, as in all other places, being kindly met by the clergymen and some of the residents a few miles distant from the place. Wellington is, properly speaking, at the northern extremity of my diocese, but by an arrangement which is mutually advan- tageous to the Bishop of Newcastle and myself. I take charge of the district of Dubbo, inconveniently distant and inaccessible from Newcastle. The good land and extensive pastoral district of Wellington will always make it a place of local importance, and as the former seat of a mission to the aborigines. It had a peculiar interest for us. Some of the fruits of that mission re- main , three well-dressed members of the afternoon congregation came from the Apsley Aboriginal Missions, bringing their prayer book and repeating the responses in a very becoming manner. The services were held in the morning, at Montifiores, and in the afternoon and evening at Wellington in the Court-house. I am glad to say that the plans for a new brick Church are now in the hands of Mr. Blacket, and the necessary funds appear to be forthcoming. One liberal friend had offered £250, on condition that the Church was completed within a year, I induced the parties interested to select a better site for the church than the one which had been originally fixed upon, by a promise that I would plead their cause with the Church Society for the £30 necessary for the purchase of the land, and by a further promise to lay the first stone, God willing, if there was a reasonable expec- tation of finishing the Church within the year 1865. An excellent brick building has been erected as a hospital. The arrangements for the patients appeared to be admirable, and we owe much to the care of the police magistrate, Mr Marsh. It is hardly possible to overrate the advantage and comfort of a well conducted hospital in the interior. The shepherd or the sawyer can have little hope of recovery from dangerous illness, or acci- dent, if he has no other conveniences or attendance but those which his own hut supplies. To be provided with medical aid, suitable food, and proper attention, he must resort to a hos- pital. In addition to the one at Wellington, I would specially name that at Carcoar as enjoying a deservedly high reputation amongst all the settlers and labouring men - a reputation which it owes principally to the skill and care of its medical attendant Dr Rowland. From Wellington Mr. Mayne returned to his own district, having been very useful in assisting the Rev. Mr Garvín, whose state of health, I regret to say, rendered such assistance timely and even necessary. Mr Synge had on the Saturday, preceded us to Dubbo, to hold Sunday services in that place. On Monday we also followed, and Divine service and a meeting for church purposes were held in the court-house in the evening. Some years ago a church and parsonage had been erected, and were for a time in use, but the great extent of the district, and the impossibility of collecting the subscriptions for the clergyman's stipend, had led to his with- drawal , and as the clergyman at Wellington had for time been too ill to visit Dubbo, the members of the Church of England had been deprived of the services of a clergyman of their own communion. It was agreed by those present, to guarantee a certain annual sum, on condition that the clergyman should reside at Dubbo, and that his distiict should not be of such extent as practically to deprive the residents at Dubbo of the greater part of his services. This proposal was reasonable, and happily in this care also practicable. For, on the supposition that an additional clergyman is placed at Molong and on the Bogan, the work of the Dubbo clergyman will be limited to the Macquarie River, and one or two of its tributary creeks. The Castlereagh River is now visited by an active and zealous clergyman, the Rev. Mr. Wilson, from the diocese of Newcastle (which was also formerly included in the district attached to Dubbo). The success of this place must, however, depend upon the aid to be obtained from the Church society. Unless a hun- dred a year be contributed from that source, a resident clergyman cannot be maintained. My experience leads me to the conclusion that it is not possible to obtain more than £200 per annum from a district such as Dubbo without making the clergyman's sphere of labour much too large, and thereby defeating the principal design of having a resident minister. The parsonage and church at Dubbo are to be put to repair, and some additions made to the former at an estimated cost of £83, and here again I led them to hope that the aid of the Society might, perhaps, be given. Considerable expense had formerly been incurred by the inhabitants (especially by Mr. Cornish, at that time resident in the neighbourhood) when the district was in a prosperous condition , and now that they were again making an effort to restore the public worship of God it seemed to me only right and proper that we should endeavour to aid them. Having visited the school, and fixed upon a site for a future and more permanent church, liberally offered by Dr. Tibbets, we proceeded on our way to Barbigal, the station of Mr. Thomas, where we were kindly entertained until the following day. Here we parted with Mr. Bynge, who was to pursue a northerly course to Fort Bourke, while we turned our faces towards Mudgee. Mr. Synge has since carried out his intention, and is, I believe, at the present time in districts of which few of my hearers know more than the names, Warrego and Paroo. I had the opportunity on this journey of learning from some of the settlers, what were their feelings when, six or eight years ago, they were first visited by Mr Bynge. I heard their grateful acknowledgments of the benefits conferred by his labours and of the local efforts that have been drawn forth by his influence. A long days' journey of fifty-seven miles brought us within three hours of Mudgee, too late, however, in the evening for a service I had hoped to hold. The station of Mr. Rouse, where we passed the night, is visited every third Sunday by one of the Mudgee clergymen. A curate had long been necessary in that large and increasing township. The assistance has not diminished the labours of the Rev. J. Gunther-it enables him to supply three important localities with a Sunday service once in three weeks. In this respect there is a beneficial change at Mudgee, and one which cannot fail to be productive of great good. We reached Mudgee the following morning, when the confirma- tion was held. A Bible Society Meeting in the evening, and a Church Society's meeting the following day, with visits to the hospital and other institutions, occupied the time, and after the usual services on Sunday and collections for the Church Society, we set forward on Monday morning for Rylstone, where the church was to be consecrated. Before leaving the district of Mudgee, I must express my ad- miration of the beauty and fertility of much of the country around, and my belief that railway communication will be of im- mense advantage to the city of Sydney as well as to the district itself. The productive capabilities are very great, and the present traffic along the roads is so considerable as evidently to require increased facilities for its transport. The church at Mudgee, built at the sole cost of the parishioners (the Church Society paying interest for a term of years) has still a considerable debt upon it. On our way to Rylstone, we halted at Mr. Bayley's, who liberally offered £500 towards the liquida- tion of the debt, on condition that the whole was paid off in the year 1865-a condition which was accepted, and will, I hope and believe, be complied with. It is then proposed to complete the handsome tower which forms a portion of the design. Rylstone is about thirty miles from Mudgee. The church has been built some years, aad was liberally aided by the Church Society. It forms one of the three principal out-stations, served by Mr Gunther and his active assistant, the Rev. Mr. Ross. The church was consecrated in the morning, and in the afternoon accompanied by the two clergymen, I rode to Cudgejong, and held service in a now schoolroom, which was here recently built under the auspices of Mr Gunther, and to which the Church Society contributed £25. Cudgegong is beautifully situated, and the schoolhouse will, I trust, in many ways be a boon to the residents;, as it is only eleven miles from Rylstone, service can be held in it occasionally on Sunday. On the following day Mr Ross returned early to Mudgee, and Mr Gunther accompanied me over the ranges to Sofala, a distance of about twenty miles. I had passed by this road on a former occasion, and was now struck with the increase of the population. In secluded places, comfortable homesteads had been formed. I give no opinion upon the legislation which has established free selection, but as a traveller, I must bear testimony to the altered, and to my eye the improved, appearance of much of the country in consequence of that measure. In lieu of interminable solitudes of gum trees, the green oases of cultivation, and the signs of improvement vary and gladden the scene. *Disappointment and failure there, will be , families suffer from the want of schools, and of tho ordinances of religion, and free selection has greatly increased the difficulty of supplying tho population with the means of grace, hut wherever successful it will bring Into cxistenco that which has hlthorto boen ono of the great wants of tho co'ony, a rc'pectabla yeoman population. It must be tho care of tno Church and of these denominations to which the people belong, to próvido os far as possible for their spiritual necessities I am elad to observe that there 1b in lhc publio mind a growing conviction that tho btato should moko provision, in part ut least, for the religious Instruc- tion of tho sparsely ¡mattered population of tbo interior. They who originated this state of things in tho districts at present oc- cupied by tho free selectors, should endeavour to rouiovo one of its great acknowledged evils, Tho prceent outbreak of bujh ranging may be regarded as, to a certain extent, accidental, it has arl.cn from causes which arc not always; in action, but tho dlfcofti may become chronic, and will Inovltabi} do so unless remedies which strike at its very root aro employed, rhyiical force may repress it, but nothing can eradu.-ito it but tho ii tioduclion of religious and moral principles. If the weed« mo to be exterminated, good seed mutt bo carefully sonn. In recent instances, the influence of eccles! isllcs has been sua. ctsfful wheio the effort« of the police hat o failed Would it not bave been less expensive to the country If a largor amount of that Influence had been employed, o\ cn thoufjh it had been paid foi ' Iheoislnct of tho Abercromb c al this moment is indebted to the Church Society £19 Is. on account of unpaid stipend. Two excellent and valuable clergymen wero placed in that di* trict- Ona was <tro«ked whilo returning from his duties Ills tucccEtor was withdrawn because tbcro being no Government stipend, and the people who were euhor willing or able to pay n clergyman being in itmt district «cry few in number, tbe mean cfeuppoitlng a clergyman altogether failed. And thus in a dis- tict where of all others In the colonj tbo influcuco of n clergy- man was mott required, and would havo been most useful, ho could tot be maintain-d Such facts aro worthy of consideration by thoso who aro cal ed upon to legislate for the future well being of tho colony On the evening of my arrival at Sofala, service was held in the church, and wub well attended. Tho following day, Wattlo Hat, an out s'at.on, wa3 visited, nd though the rain fell heavily, n congregation of twenty-lvc per- sone iBscnibledfor Divlre Ftrvice Tho Chlneec aro hero iu considerable numbers, Thoy luv e now a native missionary at work am mgsttheia Ile appeared au ía tcllgcnt man-not knowing Lnglish, it is true, and evidently anxious to do good amongst his countrymen. Tho expeuscs of his mission arc borne by the Presbyterian body, and bo himself ii ins ruclttl, and to tomj extent dlriUid, by a resident lidy. It was gratifying to witness this attempt to impart tho know- ledge of Curistlunttj to the Btronger within our gates Tslco on Sunday he holds his os'cmbly.and from forty to fifty Chinese at- tend the service. This citort has given great offence to tac Jo«s houec parly, and a proclaman m m tho Chinoso charict r was lartcly poafrt about Sofala, ícpiab-i ing tho attempt, ani charij lHK tktl CilllbtlnU» »lill VlnrH iriini »mau lu» Chwu.il du.ii.cd IbcmBtlves to bo free "I The Rov George Stiles, tho clerjrymvn at Saula, fo'lows tho I example of his energetic predecesor Rev. II. P Omer, and at a J early hour wo wero on our way to tambaroora, a mountain ride | vi lumy aune, nuivu iujä tifcut Lours io accompusn, a con- firmation at three o'clock, and Divine service at seven o'clock, when a largo congregation attended, and an address w13 pre scnttd and reply made, filled up the remainder of a somewhat long day ihofol'owing morning werclurncd to Sofala, and the day aft« being Sunday, tho confirmation was hila lu tho morning, and service in the evening. Tho day mid Sunday schools wcio in n rlouiistliig condition, wolla tho number confirmed, forty-four persona, showed that muoh pains bad been taken with tho younger portion of the community. Ihc parish is one which exempltilea the valuo of lay assistance, ond the stipend of the clergyman is p iid through tho Gold fields Mission Fund, on a priuclple which might bo beneficially adopted by tho Stato. Ihe contributions of the people up to a eenuin Eum are met by a brant of tqujl amoant from tho Gold- field Mission lund, In two days I reached Wallerawang, and at Hartley hold a second confirmation for some who had not the opportunity of attending on a former occasion. By the end of the week we had reached Rouse Hill near Windsor, where, and at Castle Hill, con- firmations were held on Sunday, November Glh The occasion was a very gratifying ono. The chuichcj aro both new, and owo their erection to individuals interested ia tho rcsp-cltvo districts, aided by tho Church boclcty, which ul o supplies one-third of the clergyman's Bllpend, As ibis j urrey began so did it conclude, in a locality whici afforded remarkable evidence of the benefits arising from the operations of this society No one can be acquainted with tho past history and present con- dition of the parishes in question without acknowledging that the Churoh Society has been the means, under God, of restoring them from an apparently hopeless to a very flourishing csndition in respect to schools, churches, teachers, and everything that indi- cates energy in tho pastor, and life amongst the people On the Sunday I spent thero seventy-ho perrons wcro confirmed, twenty Ecvon having received that ordinance at Pennant Hill« in the month of August-102 peisons had thui offered themso'ves for confirmation in tho distucts under Mr. laylor'schirgo After the interval of one week, I resumed my visita <oa of the diocese by taking the steamer to Wollongong Tho confirma- tion wob held on the morning after my arrival, Divine service in the evening, and coUcoiions made on b-th occasions for the Church Society. Too services at tho various outstntionB oonnccted with Wollongong are kept up with regularity, and the number of persons attending them Is encouraging. A eura o or ciuehisl would be a great assistance, particularly as the mountain sides and oven the eummlts of the ranges aro beng brought under cultivation, while harbour improvements tnd collieries employ a connderabic num- ber of n cn On the following morning a confirmation was held at Dipto, and after tho service a meeting, at which it was agreed th it measures should bo ukin for prov ¡din j a curate to assist the fier, Mr blmpson. fcovcral gentlemen pre»eat agreed to b'come responsible for £¿0 per annum each, ind a confident billet was expressed that tho whole amount would be forthcoming In ¡bat eise a curate will be provided by tho ordination of a student from Mooro College. Such assist ince is "r ally needed, and will be of much service toa icattcied popalui jn 1 be follow lag day a confirmation was held for the firs' tiaio at Shellharbour, a portion of the Jamberoo parish. Tho mumc'pal bodies havo bern active in that dlstiict, and appear to have managed their affairs with disc ellon Iravelllng from Wollon- gong to Jamberoo is easy ana p'easurable, the roads uro excel- lent, and it is niw poSBiblo to admire the beautiful country through which thej are carried. Twenty-four young persons wcro confirmed at Shellharbour and twenty-'ix at Jamberoo oa tho following day, \ kind address of welcome to the former piase was presented, and much satisfaction expiesscd by tho pcopio on the occas on of the first visit of thiir Biihop. Two eerviccB wcro held at Jamburoo, morialng and evening reparations are making for the c-rcciiou of a new church on a si'o kindly giv en by a resident pari-hionor, Tho parsonage was built sometime ago, and considering thcclr cuinsionces of the district, and 'hat they are called upjn to piy two-thirds of their clergyman's stipend (too other third is pjla by the Church bociely) these efforts aro highly creditable to tbeai. On the following Sunday n confirmation was held at Kiama, The rumbar of cnudidates (fifty three) was coneiderab'e fjr toe district lhc Moma Church was not sufficient accom-nodation for Ml who desire to attend, and a gallery 1» to bo added at the weit cid. Hero 1 learned that a considerable number of free stlccters were settled on tho Sassafras Range, not far from Don,; Bong and Wingecarribee. Ihcy ore at a great distance from Muna anil Jamberoo, but hav ing many of them gone iron tie Illawarra distr.ct they made their way down to the coast. Oao hundred families arc said to be Uvlug there, and at present no ono resides among them na their pastor. Ihe Rev Mr Wilson, und Rev ¡ur Corlette, agreed to g j there, and upon their report I ihall be prepared to act. From tho conversation I had wita one of tbo free selectors it would appear that thero aro m»ny members of our Church among tnem ; and my wish Is to puco n resident catcchist there who would conduct services and a school Although tho Church Society already givo £100 per annum to . Jamberoo, I must appeal to them for this additional ali). The mcuns of the people are scanty enough, hut they ara willing to "give labour towards the erection of n schoolhouse, and residence for the catcchist ; and I sincerely trust that oar constituents will enable us to uccomplish this most desirable scheme. On Monday morning, I set out by tho coast for Shoilliavoi, and at Jerrlngong held service in n schoolhouse, whioh is regu- larly visited on Sunday afternoons by Air. Wilson. Oa the Monday morning on which I was there 1(10 persons assembled lor divine 6Civice. J he value of these bush chapels and their sohootj and services none can tell. In this very schoolhouse, seven orcight years og j, u circumstance occurred which impressed me at tho lime. A re- spectable woman who had left n part of England noir to mr of a parish, and had long been settled in tbo bush far from a ohuceh or clergyman, told me that one nigh', she dreamed thal aho h?a:d the belts of Gunton church, aid was preparing tog} there ai of old, «hen elie aweko anti, to her deep disappointment, found t>htt it wn6 but a dream. In a short timo after, oni told her that the Jermgong schoolhouse was to.bo opened,.und that thobiihop ' (whom she hadltnuwn before) w»'b to preach, and- now abo skid. " My dream has como true." Hur looks and evident gladness of heart at again being able to go with them who mido buly-day gave me u deep tense of tho value of thoao «tempts I to carry tbo ordinntccs of God's JIouso into the wilderness. ïhe two elergjmen of this district accompanied moto Shoalhaven, , bom wint.ee on the following dayl rode to Ulladnlb, a din ? lance of forty-live miles. This ferule corner of my dloceso forjuj ita southern boundary ontho const, It has a boat harbour, upon .which a considerable sum is being ex peni1.id to nrako it safer and more available (or tho steamer which calls there once a week. ' ' Iho Chnrch Society contributes £50 per annum towards the malntance of a catcchist, who conductB service on three Sundays I in the month when the Rev. Mr, Young, tho clergyman from Shoalhaven, is not there. The chnrch is prettily situated, and is a ve» good specimen of what may bo accomplished where a little forethought and skill haro been exercised. It cost about £500. It is very neatly kept, and, with the adjoining school, which 1 examined with satisfaction, presents a pleasant sight. I held service on Wednesday «vening, and had a large congrega- I tion from the surrounding farms, though thu night was dark and unfavourable, Tho next morning the confirmation was held Twenty-one young persons offered themselves. At two o'clock I was on my return to Shoalhaven, intending to have servico by the way. At a placo called Tamarang, near the head of Jervis Bay, a few Bettlern, and a considerable number of sawyers oin ployed by Mr Uoodlct and others in Syducy, aro located The Tdulla oafechlst, Mr, Dove, holds a Sunday sorvlco thcro ..2,?.. ¿Î5 satisfaction of tho people, who to tho numbor of «nti?thiinh^ä,el..;^ai1 "»h regularity. Letters had been S-Se, ÄÄsT" ""' ^o SÄuai ¿Ä At Shoalhaven itself the disastrous effects ot t^,flnni1,aT.),nt too plainly visible Rust in tho wheat, and diseasei"^^»¿.1. had also visited the district, whloh was consequen ly ft » var* depressed state. The residenco of the clergymen isa home klndlv lent by Alexander Berry, Esq, and is in itself convenient, but tai situation has somo disadvantages, and It was dcero.J ac- riiuulu To endeavour to build elsewhere in a moro eleva-cd situation A meeting waa held, the matter with all Its iVmcultica fully dis custcd, and a resolution passed that a beginilng should be mido The sum of £200 waa promised in the room I trust that an citait made under snoh great discouragements will ba succosiful, and that thus a permanent onc.owmc.it for tho parish wlU bo secured I promised to lay their o»eo baforo the oommltteo charged with tho management of ths endowment Fund Thero was n confirmation on Suniay morning, and an aftornoon service wsB held at Nowra and an evening service at Terrara^ With this evening service my risltation labours ended, unless, indeed, 1 inolude a visit to Ho gaol at Wollongong, where I found the Rev Mr Lwlng, isis his wont on Monday morn ng instructing the prisoners. -d was led to address a few words to tbem during tho short uno that the steamer romaiacd la tho harbour, I bare not timo to enlarge upon topics which do not strictly fail within the purpostof this address, but I cannot holpobsarvlng that while tho rcsouieesof this oountry appear to bo iucvtiiusti ble and all the clements of prosperity exist amongst tis, tho com. plaints of dlstrcssWcro every whero to bo heard Thora is evl- ' dently room encJgh, and bread enough-and to spiro-in this habitation, whih a Father's bountv has provided, and yet as onu looks apon tho scene, discaso, distress, and crimes of vlolcnoo dlrturb Its fair appearance, and to ono who becomes acquair Its'with the ignorance of the interior, and tho frightful iccuioroltv and Intemperance prevalent upon tho gold fioles, tho eight li ttulv saddening "Thopcoplo turn not to Him that en Huh them," was tho observation made to mc by «ne long I mnlcnt in tho colony The same good man urged that ia our clr evmstunecs a day of humiliation was imperatively required, aid though not an Episcopalian himself, desired that tho Bishop would cause one to bo proclaimed Ivcrywhcrcl found a disposition on tho part of tho members of tho Church to meet the requirements of their o<vn district It Is in Sydney chiefly that tho freo contributions to tho work of the Church Society arc niven i rom four parties alono £610 at least will be given to tho funds of tho Chnroh Society ia this year, and no doubt five sixths of that amount will bo paid to the country dis- tricts. A well organised »vstem of deputations to tho country would elicit much moro aid to tho gcnoral fund of tho Churoh Society, and enable us to carry on those missionary operations which aro bo much needed in the interior W 0 require mcM, and 1 am thankful to Bay that Mooro College continues to send forth somo who provo themselves to bo well furLishctt for their work, and whose labours aro Indirectly tell ingupen (ho pcoplo Men, suitable, qualified men, havo in all times been the great wvnt of the Church, and still as at oil times the direction given is "Fray we, there- fore, tho Lord of the harvest that IIo would send forth labourers into the harvest," There is indeed much to humblo us whoa wo look at ourselves The organisation or the Churoh is admirable, though capable of improvement, but the inpouring. aniintting, quieteningspirh is greatly needed An npostolio Church ro-pilres in ccinmon consistency, men of apostolio spirit, of untiring energy and glowing real, »hilo seeking the salvation of souls , men who, night and day, from houec to house, from station to statu n, to men singly, to multitudes in the great assembly, will preach Christ, and by their Ufo and doctrino set forth tho glory of God, and ret forward the salv allon of men It Is good to build and endow churches, and maintain tho ordii anees of religion, but tho scaffolding Is not unto itself, it is unto tho building , and all our care, and lune, and labour will fail cf their highest end if wo do not bring min into union with C1 ritt-placing them on Dim as the true and only found itlon of thilrhopo of Heaven and Becking for thom tho graco and power of the Holy Ghost, thatthoy may grow up into Ulm in all thing', TI s spirit of love to tho Saviour and to the souls af men is what wo all need, and I earnestly ask tho prayers of the Church at this approaching sca«sn of Lmbcr week, not only that fit per lots mi y be wisely and f ilthfully chosen to serve, ¡a the sacred mlnistt) of the Church, but that all who are engaged In thit minlstiy may dally Increase and go forward In tho knowledgo end fath of God and of His blcscd San by tho Holy Spirit, I ask, aUo that tho clums of the Church Sooicty may bo recog- nised and mere liberal aid be given For lack of knowledge, the S copie peiiíh , on tvery e do tho cry is heard, " Como over and clp us," and, whatever else has to bo dono, surely this is tho most argent and pressing claim tha men should bo suppliod with the means of crace and the ministrations of thal Word which cm a'onc give spintnal life Our Conference and subséquent Synod will, I trust, unite an I sticrgthentbs whole boilv, but, while preparations are making fcr these, there can bo no jost reason why wo should neglect oncthir ord equally important duty I propose to invito the Conference to asBcmblo tu the first week In 1 thru ry Is the "cal of tho Church to slumber for the next fo» month-' 4rc tho carnet pt I iona for help fa. hrcc id tknnl clergymen and catechists to bo set aside until wo havo agreed iib to tho precisa mode in which the temporal affiirs of tho Church arc to bo ulm'nisteredl 1 carnot think uat this is a wiso or Christian course, and my convktlcniB eo strong of tho pressing necessities of thoaodis trlcts that I have taken this unusual method of br nglng them btfrre tho f 1 uroh_ and ask that you, will (\lv\ io, sending out more men by placing larger contributions al the disposai .,' tho oom- , nittce. ..vi 1 have also asKcd thrt a special collection may bo made this evening In the country I bave cometimos slid that whero the Bishop officiated he expected a collccUon for tbo Churoh Society, 0 for the Gold Field Minion Fund, and I know no roason why the country should bo thus taxed, and you ahould bs allowed to- go free Largo contributions, I am aware, como from samo or those who aro hero tonight, but I havo generally found thit the persons who givo much aro those who glv 0 more. Wo shall none of us eventually bo tho poorer for what wo givo now, an 1 the circumstance« require a special effort Knä now I wlU bring my address to a oloso I am hopeful for the c untij, and for tho Charoh, and am thankful for the giounoaon which I can risk this hope Thcro is an evident increnso of carnes ness and of effort Giod men in diprcn quartcis oro labouring for tho samo end, and I know that ¡n answer to tho prayers of His servants, sup piles of graco will be vouchsafed by our Divino Master, I must rot omit to thank his i vcollcncy for the liberal aid ana cor Etant presence and .VÍ60 counsel with which ho sustains tho iforts of the Church Society, and for hie kindness in presiding this evening. It Is a good discoureo which rrodaccs good fruit, and what I desire is that a moro thoughtful consideration mly bo given to the condition of the country and to tho nature of tho rc-redies to be applied to meet existing ovils-that moro of the spirit of Daniel and lirra and J»cbom!«h may bo found among us-the spltit of humiliation, tho spirit of truo patriotism, which is a prayerful, d'sintcrcsted, God-fearing spirit-that the pastors of Christ's flock may be moro devoted, and that tho mombers thereof may feel moro deeply the rcspontlhiUty and priulego of helping forward God's causo in tho land, and that oil they who hear and they who read my words may be moro earnest in seeking their own Balva'ion, and moro careful to adorn the doc- trine of their God and Saviour in all things. Thus will they bo like servants ready for their Lord, or tho Brido prepared for tho Bridegroom-waiting for that second advent which is at this season specially brought to mind-with strong desire and glad preparation of heart, crjing to nim, " Come, I ord Jctus," come and make this sinful world tho habita- tion of Thy Glory, A co'lec ion was made ia aid of the funds of the Church Soc ety and upwards of £30 realised, Air Justice Wise then moved the following rc-olution : " That this meeting has heard with much satisfaction the interesting statements which have been given by the Lord Bishop of tho benefits conferred upon the diocese through tho ogoncy of tho Chu'eh Bockt), and earnestly hopes that tho appeal now nudo to the. members of the Chuicli for lnc e-sedsuppo-*'- °o that tdil' tlonal elerey may be sent Into tho districts where such spiritual destitution prevails-will bo generally and liberally re- sponded to His Honor spoke at some considerable length. In tupport of the resolution, urging tho sceo<s!ty incumbent upon all members of the Anglican Church in this colony to make constant and liberal contributions for sustaining and extending the Uiinlstrationg of the Chnrchin tho interior Ile thought the clergy ought to ImprciS upon the lnltj tho pcoulur obligat'ons of their duty in this respect. Mr M E MunviN seconded the motion, which was put and catrlcd unanimously. On the motion of the Very Rev. tho Dkah or Stpnev a vote of thnnkB was awarded to his Excellency Sir John Young, for his kindncts In presiding. The Chairman briefly acknowledged the compliment, and exprctscd the great tnlisfao ion which ho had experienced in listening to tho Bishop's address Ile joined in the hopo tbey rrnst all have felt, that tho publ'cation of tho Interesting state- ments which Mb lordsh.p had that evening made might be followed by an increased interest in the operations of the Church Society, and an enlarged measure of public support. jhc meeting was brought to a olese with tho doxology and the bestdictioc. 