Arrival of the Overland Mail. The English Mail reached Perth about 11 p.m. on Wednesday. There is no news of interest. We give a brief gen- eral summary from the Home News of December 26 :— The Home News says that "last month's mail conveyed to the several Governments of Aus- tralia the announcement that the Imperial Go- vernment does not intend to adopt the recom- mendations of the Commissioners with reference to the increase of transportation to Western Australia, and that the system of conditional pardons will be henceforth abolished. We deeeply regret to have to announce the death of the celebrated author W. M. Thackeray, who was found dead in his bed on the morning of December 24-caused by effusion on the brain. The Bride sailed from Gravesend on the 21st December. The finding of the Court-martial in the case of Colonel Crawley will not surprise our readers. He has been acquitted and the acquittal is com- plete and conclusive. No man ever came out of a Court-martial with a more triumphant testimony to character. Yet, nevertheless, this is a verdict which, however just it may be, and we do not dispute its justice, will not en- tirely appease the public feeling. No question was permitted to be raised on the legality of the arrest which had the effect of shielding Colonel Crawley from any consequences to which he might have been liable, assuming the arrest to have been illegal, as alleged in the reply, is doubtless. We willingly acquiesce in the verdict, and are glad to get rid of the scandal. But it would be idle to attempt to conceal that the public mind is not quite con- tented, and that such points as we have indi- cated ought to be cleared up, so as to leave nothing in obscurity. Possibly the Com mander-in-Chief may set all doubts at rest in his remarks on the case, and supply explana- tions which were beyond the province of the court-martial. In our domestic politics there are some small events that give temporary occupation to idlers, and produce considerable discussion while they are before the public. One of these is a quarrel between Mr. Cobden and the 'Times.' It is the time when members of Parliament address country audiences for the sake of airing their oratory, and on one of these occasions Mr. Bright delivered a stunning speech at Rochdale, bearing, amongst other things, upon the comparitive condition of the rich and poor in this country. The 'Times' declared that Mr. Bright advocated a course of legislation which should have the effect of dividing the lands of the rich amongst the poor; and Mr. Cobden, losing his temper, de- nounced the ' Times' as a literary assassin, and fell foul of the system of anonymous journal- ism by which men were protected in saying things which they would not dare to say in their own names. All this was, of course, quite beside the real question at issue, which Mr. Cobden never touched at all ; but it led to a much more interesting collision. The editor of the 'Times' declined to insert Mr. Cobden's letter, because it abounded in unwarrantable personal abuse ; and then Mr. Cobden addressed Mr. Delane, the editor of the ' Times,' by name, reiterating in a highly truculent fashion his charges against the baseness and corruption of the anonymous system. To this ill-conditioned letter Mr. Delane sent a calm and dignified reply, which has terminated the controversy to the total discomfiture of the original assailant. Whether Mr. Cobden is right or wrong about anonymous journalism, he is one of the last men who is entitled to condemn it. The ' Morning Star' was launched, and is supported, by Mr. Cobden and Mr. Bright, or their friends, or their party. Indeed it is commonly called Mr. Bright's paper. It is currently so called in places whers such matters are familiarly debated, and supposed to be well known. Be that as it may, the ' Morning Star' is un- doubtedly the organ of Messrs. Cobden and Bright, and fights their battles, and defends their opinions with uncompromising fidelity. It cannot fail, therefore, to strike a reflecting nation as a singular circumstance that Mr. Cobden does not set the example of publishing the names of writers in a journal which is so entirely at his service, and that while he howls at the * Times' for writing under a mask he should patronise a rival that writes under a denser mask-denser because its writers are more obscure. The appointment of Sergeant Shee to the judgeship rendered vacant by the recent death of Judge Wightman, has given universal satis- faction. It was a conquest of prejudice due to the legal eminence and religious moderation of a distinguished Roman Catholic barister, and everybody recognizes its fitness. We regret we cannot say so much for the appointment of Dr. Stanley as the successor of Dean Trench in Westminster. Dr. Wordsworth, one of the canons who will be associated with the future Dean, has published an elaborate protest against the appointment, on the ground that some of the published opinions of Dr. Stanley on certain vexed religious questions are calculated to introduce discord and heart- burning into the Church. Dr. Wordsworth is perfectly sincere, and has taken this step in obedience to a strong sense of duty. But if it have any effect at all it will be to precipitate the evil it deprecates and deplores. Dr. Stanley is a man of high erudition; and if there be questions upon which differences exist between him and them, they are not of a character to shake the foundations of the Establishment, or to endanger the harmony of its administration. The Emperor of the French is intent upon the pacification of the globe, and is adopting measures for the purpose which cannot fail to bring about fresh disturbences. The new state of things he is unconsciously urging into shape is a league of small States, whose function it will be to deliberate upon the map of the large States. It is as if the oysters and the mussels and the shrimps were to enter into a combination for parcelling out the dominion of the whales and the sharks, and limiting the waters in which they should be at liberty to swim and devour their prey. The design may be entitled to the highest commendation on the score of good intentions; but in political life good intentions that are impracticable are usually found to be mischievous, and this be- nevolent project certainly does not promise to be an exception. A European Congress, with- out England, Prussia, Russia, and Austria, would very much resemble Hamlet, with not only the Prince dropped out, but the Ghost, the Queen, and Ophelia, and nobody left on the stage but the auxiliaries and the walking gen- tlemen. Yet this is the experiment the Em- peror is intent upon trying, M. Droun de Lhuys has addressed a circular to the foreign agents of the French government suggesting a programme for bringing together such of the Powers as unreservedly assented to the original proposal. The meeting is confessedly a gather- ing of minor potentates. From America we have two Presidential Mes- sages, which, dealing alike with the past and the future, might be expected to afford a glimpse into the mysteries of the conflict; but they really yield no information which we were not in possession of before. A Liverpool paper has just apprised us, on "authority," that Earl Russel was in receipt of a despatch from Lord Lyons to the effect that the war must be brought to a conclusion within three mouths, the Confederates being so utterly reduced that they would shortly be obliged to sue for an armistice, or, in other words to throw down their arms. Neither of the Messages confirms this startling piece of intelligence. On the contrary, it is quite clear that neither Mr. Lincoln nor Mr. Davis contemplates any termina- tion of the sanguinary contest short of exter- mination on one side or the other. Mr. Lincoln congratulates the country on its friendly relations with England and France, announces his determination to adhere to his Emancipa- tion Proclamation, and speaks much in the usual way as to the ultimate prospects of the war. President Davis complains bitterly of the help which England and France, particularly the former, have given to the North under the disguise of neutrality, alludes with pride, heavily dashed with despondency, to the cou- rage and patience of the people, and again calls upon them for additional means to carry on the struggle. There is not a syllable in either of these addresses to warrant the supposition that an armistice is in contemplation, or that we are a whit nearer to the conclusion than we were two years ago. Winter alone suspends the fighting. The Federals are said to be going into winter quarters at Chattanooga; Long- street has retired from before Knoxville, and is supposed to be on his way to join Lee in Vir- ginia, and the two armies are motionless on the Rapidan. Charleston is justifying the cha- racter of impregnability ascribed to it by Presi- dent Davis. The Federals have brought all their skill to bear upon it without effect. Shots drop into the city, but do no mischief. It is exactly as if the place bore a charmed life, Even the ruins of Fort Sumter cannot be taken. The whole siege very much resembles the exploit of the French King, who rode his men somewhat ostentaneously up a hill, and then rode them down again. . The vitality of the Polish insurrection is quite as remarkable as the inextinguishable ardour with which the American war is main- tained by both belligerents. The main force of the Russian army, the best generals in the service, and a system of terror worthy of the most barbarious ages of Muscovite rule, have, totally failed to subdue the spirit of the Poles, or even, apparently, to diminish very materially their force in the field. The National Govern- ment has just issued a proclamation in which it declares that the insurrection is as vigorous as ever, that all adverse reports are false, and that it will continue to be maintained with in- creased energy. The fact is, that the Poles, like the English at Waterloo, don't know when they are beaten, and in spite of oppression and their friendlessness, they are daily winning fresh victories. The worst of it is that nothing can become of their triumphs. Russia can af- ford to lose every fight until she shall have ex- hausted her opponent, and then Poland must fall from sheer failure of means. The cause is hopeless. Europe will do nothing; and the world is doomed to look on at the destruction of a gallant people, without being able to in- terfere. In this case, as in a multitude of others, conventional considerations supersede the demands of humanity. The Pope if he cannot govern the old Ponti- fical regions which have been absorbed into ¡the kingdom of Italy, is resolved at least to inter- fere with their government. He has lately nominated an archbishop, and no less than four bishops in those districts which formerly be- longed to Rome, and now belong to Italy, not only without the assent of the King, but against his wishes. We shall be curious to learn how this trespass will ultimately end. When the bishops come to claim their sees, what will the people do? When the people repudiate the bishops, what will the bishops do? When the Pope excommunicates the sees, what will the sees do ? And when the King issues a proclamation denying the juris- diction of the Pope, what will the Pope do ? AMERICA. Our last contained the details of the defeat of the Federal General Rosecrans at Chickamauga by General Bragg, and his retreat to Chat- tanooga; and that of the Federal General Burnside, on his advance to reinforce Rosecrans, by General Longstreet, who subsequently laid siege to Knoxville. Resuming the thread of the story where it broke off last, the hostile armies in Eastern Tennessee draws the most attention. At Chattanooga, where Grant superseded Rosecrans, the arrival of rein- forcements under General Sherman enabled the Federals to commence active operations. On the 23rd November General Grant made a reconnaissance in force, by which he dis- covered that the "army of General Bragg was falling back towards Chickamauga." Assured of this, Grant on the 25th advanced his whole line, and attached on the right and left of the Confederates. Two Federal divisions were twice repulsed, but the field was abandoned by the Confederates, and they lost their posi- tion on Lookout Mountain, from which they had for several weeks been watching the Fe- deral lines, and shelling the hostile camp with very little effect. The number of prisoners taken by the Federals ranged from 5000 to. 7000, with 60 pieces of cannon. Whatever reason may have compelled Bragg to abandon the heights, the result can hardly be disputed. He gave up an advantageous position, and which was gained by one of the most sangui- nary engagements of the war. Both sides had been receiving reinforcements during the pro- ceeding six weeks, though no authentic state- ment of the numerical strength of the two armies has appeared. The above battle is described as having ended in the complete rout of General Bragg, who fell back towards Dalton in disorder, a distance of several miles, destroying the bridges behind him and the stores which impeded his movements. Gen- erals Sherman and Hooker advanced in pur- suit, arriving in the afternoon of November 26 at Ringgold, a place about half-way between the field of battle and Dalton. The Confede- rates appear to have rallied at the latter place, where the Federals, owing, perhaps, to hunger, exhaustion, or lack of means of transport, show little inclination to attact them. Burnside, in the meantime, was shut up in Knoxville, which was closely invested by the Confederates under General Longstreet. The utterly unexpected news of General Bragg's discomfiture at Chattanooga rendered it im- perative on General Longstreet either to take the city or raise the siege. Accordingly on the 29th November he attemped to effect its cap- ture by assault, but was repulsed with some loss. The arrival of Federal reinforcement from Chattanooga on the 4th of December compelled General Longstreet to retire. He withdrew his forces towards Bristol, on the line of the Tennessee railroad, pursued by a large force of Federal cavalry, of whom, how- ever, he had 36 hours' start. The army of Virginia, under General Meade, after a long period of inaction, crossed to the south of the Rapidan on the 25th and 26th of November, and advanced towards General Lee's position on the west side of Mine Run Valley, which locality he reached, after very severe skirmishing, on the 30th. A reconnais- sance of General Lee's position proved to General Meade that its strength was such that it could not be assaulted without incurring great sacrifice of life, and, perhaps, a disastrous repulse. He again recrossed the Rapidan to the north without molestation, and at night- fall on December 2 the whole army had re occupied its quarters at Brandy Station, where, it is believed, he will remain for the winter. The bombardment of Charleston still con- tinues, and the forts cannonade each other at intervals, but with little or no effect. The ' Richmond Enquirer' states that Gen- eral Bragg was relieved of his command at his own request. The same journal remarks that amid the reverses that have recently befallen the Confederate army in East Tennessee it is gratifying to learn that in West Tennessee an army is springing up like magic to resist the invading foe, and to defend West Tennessee, West Kentucky, and North Missouri to the Tallahatchie, all of which districts have been formed into a department, to be known as the department of West Tennessee, under the command of Colonel R. P. Richardson. It is stated that General Grant has captured since his campaign in the West commenced no less than 472 cannon and 90,000 prisoners from the Confederates. FRANCE. The ' Moniteur' publishes without comment a full translation of the diplomatic correspond- ence between Earl Russell and M. Drouyn de Lhuys. In reference to the British Cabinet having declined the invitation to join the proposed Convention, " Adieu le Congres" was the first word of the ' Opinion Nationale,' and the government journals, which are extremely chary of comment, have not much to say to the contrary. The ' France' says :— The decision of the English Cabinet has certainly very great importance under existing circumstances, and what are the governing ideas of England and what the probable consequences of the course she had taken are matters de- serving most serious investigation. The first thing to be considered is whether the absten- tion of England will necessarily prevent the Congress from taking place. But these are grave questions which we cannot enter upon before the official answer of the Cabinet of St. James's shall be known. The ' Constitutionnel' of November 28 con- tains an article, signed by its chief editor, M. Limayrac, entitled, "England and the Congress.' The writer says :— By a refusal to attend the Congress England would afford grounds to those who assert that her greatness and prosperity are founded upon the misfortunes and ruin of other nations. M. de Girardin thinks we are too apt to for- get that we are an island, and that we have no right to exercise any influence on the continent. He is good enough to say that he does not go so far as Napoleon I., who said that England "was destined by nature to be a French island, just like Corsica or Oleron," but he thinks that the " insolent" answer of England to the emperor's proposal for a Congress ought to be met by a " diplomatic blockade." The 'Opinion Nationale,' another war journal, says :— Let our good neighbours and allies have plenty time to quaff their ale and porter ; they will soon see a black point on the horizon which at present they have no suspicion of. Under the title of "With or Without England," the ' Patrie' recommends the course of not paying attention to England and her resolutions, but to act as if such a Power did not exist. The ' Temps' says that as the French Go- vernment predicts war if the Congress does not meet, and the English Government fears war if it does, there is a fundamental difference of opinion between the two Powers, which consti- tutes another and greater difficulty than any referred to in the imperial speech. The officers and men of the 2nd battalion of the 12th Regiment have resolved to open to the public an Industrial Exhibition, in Dublin, where they propose to display such specimens of their handicraft and ability as their several tastes and previous avocations may suggest. An opening march composed in the regiment will be performed by its band at the opening of the exhibition. There is a photographic school attached to the battalion and some beautiful specimens of this art will be shown. All the printing required for this exhibition will be executed by soldiers at their own printing press. The articles exhibited will be sold, and the proceeds devoted to the regimental chari- table funds. The day fixed for the opening of the exhibition is the 12th of January. On December 7, the Prince of Wales, the Duke of Brabant, and the Crown Prince of Prussia paid a visit to the Smithfield Club Cattle Show, at the Agricultural-hall, Islington. In the evening, his royal highness, accompanied by the Crown Prince of Prussia and the Duke of Brabant, honoured the Lyceum Theatre with a visit. On December 8, at the Court at Windsor, his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales was, by her Majesty's command, introduced into the Privy Council, where his royal highness took his place at the upper end of the board. No less than 75 officers of the Guards are members of a society for the relief of the poor— members, that is to say, not merely in virtue of having disbursed a few guineas, but in right of hard work as district visitors in the most wretched and forlorn parts of London. Is it not a pleasant thing to know that so large a number of an order often twitted with foppery and selfishness are thus devoting themselves to the alleviation of the misery in our streets? It would seem as if the dying words of Judge Talfourd were being at length realised, and as if class were at length mingling with class, to the inevitable improvement of both. 