ESSAYS AND REVIEWS.. (FROM THE TIMES.) JUDICIAL COMMITTEE OF THE PRIVY; v COUNCIL. FEB. 8. WILLIAMS, APPELLANT, V. THE LORD BISHOP OF" SALlSllOltY, RESPONDENT, WASON, APPELLANT, V. PENnALL, BESPONDBItr. Those were appeals from judgements delivered by Dr. Lushington in the Court of Arches, whereby the defendants (the present appellants) were found to have published and maintained certain doctrines and opinions contrary to the reaching of the Church of England. Each of them was condemned to suspension for one year at once el benefice, was monished not to offend in like manner for the future, and was condemned in costs. In the first case proceedings were instituted against the Rev. Rowland Williams, DR., Vice-Principal and Professor of Hebrew, St. David's College, Lampeter, Vicar of Bread Cholke, Wiltshire, founded upon certain passages in the essay entitled Bunsen's Biblical Researches. In the second, against the Rev. Henry Bristow Wilson, Vicar of Great Staughton, Huntingdonshire, the author of the essay entitled Seances historiques de Geneve; the A ational Church. The appeals were heard some seven months ago, before the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, the Archbishop of York, the Bishop of London, Lord Cranworth, Lord Chelmsford, and Lord Kingsdown. On that occasion each of the apportants argued his own case. The Queen's Advocate, Mr. Coleridge, Q C, and Dr. Swabey then appeared for the respondents. the Lords of the Committee before whom the appeals were heard were present to- day, with the exception of the two Archbishops. The following judgement was read by the Lord Chancellor: These appeals do not give to this tribunal the power, and therefore it is no part of his duty, to pronounce any opinion on the character, effect, or tendency of the publications known by the name of Essays and Reviews ; nor are we at liberty to take into consideration, for the purposes of the prosecution, the whole of the essay of Dr. Williams or of the essay of Mr. Wilson. A few short extracts only are before us, and our judgement must by law be confined to the matter which Is therein contained. If there for, the book, or these two essays, or either of them, 86 a whole, be of a mischievous and baneful tendency, as weakening the foundations of Christian belief and likely to cause many to offend, they will retain that character, and be liable to that condemnation, notwithstanding this our judgement. These prosecutions are in the nature of criminal proceedings, and it is necessary that there should be precision and distinctness in the accusation. The articles of cargo must distinctly state the opinions which the clerk has advisedly maintained, and set forth the passages in which these opinions are stated and further, the articles must specify the doctrines of the Church which such opinions or teaching of the clerk are alleged to contravene, and the particular articles of religion or portions of the formularies which contain such doctrines. The accuser is, for the purpose of the charge, confined to the passages which are included and set out in the articles as the matter of (the accusation; but it is competent to the accused party to explain from the rest of his work the sense or meaning of any passage or word that is challenged by the accuser. With respect to the legal tests of doctrine in the Church of England, by the application of which we are to try the soundness or unsound ness of the passages libelled, we agree with the learned judge in the court below, that the judgement in the Gorham case is conclusive : . '"This Couithasno jurisdiction or authority to settle matters of faith, or to determine what ought in any particular to be the doc- trial of the Church of England, Its duty extends only to the consideration of that which is by his tBiobllshed to be the doctrine of the Church of England, upon the true and legal construction of her articles and formu- laries." By the rule thus enunciated it is our duty to abide. Our province is, on the one hand, to ascertain the true construction of those articles of religion and formularies referred to in each charge, according to the legal rules for the interpretation of statutes and written instruments; and. on the other hand, to ascertain the plain grammatical meaning of the passages which are charged as being contrary to or inconsistent with the doctrine of the Church, ascertained in the manner in have described. It is obvious that there may be matters of doctrine on which the Church has not given any definite rule or standard of faith or opinion; there may be matters of religious belief on which the requisition of the Church may be less than Scripture may seem to warrant ; there may be very many matters of religious speculation and inquiry on which the Church may have refrained from pronouncing any opinion at all. On matters on which the Church has prescribed no rule, there is so far freedom of opinion that they may be discussed without penal consequences. Nor in a proceeding like the present are we at liberty to ascribe to the Church any rule or teaching which we do not find expressly and distinctly stated, or which is not plainly involved in or to be collected from that which is written. With respect to the construction of the passages extracted from the essays of the accused parties, the meaning to be ascribed to them must be that which the words bear, according to the ordi- nary grammatical meaning of language. That only is matter of accusation which is ad vised by taught or maintained by a clergy- man in opposition to the doctrine of tho Church. The writer cannot in a proceeding such as the present be held responsible for more than the conclusions which are directly involved in the assertion he has made. With these general remarks we proceed to consider, in the first place, the charges against Dr. Williams. All these charges against Dr. Williams were rejected by the learned judge in the court below, or go on up at the hearing before us, except the charges contained in the 7th and 15th articles. The 7th article, as re-formed, sets forth certain passages extracted from pages GO and 01, and from pages 77 nLd78, of the volume containing Dr. Williams's essay, and charges that in the passages BO extracted Dr. Williams has advisedly maintained and affirmed that the Bible or Holy Scripture is an expression of devout reason and the written voice of the congregation-not the Word of God, nor containing any special revolution of His truth or of His dealings with mankind, nor the rule of our faith. Dr. Williams has nowhere in terms asserted that Holy Scripture is not the Word of God and the accusation, therefore, must mean, thereby causing the Bible " an expression of devout reason, and therefore to be read with reason in freedom," and stating that it is " the written voice of the congregation, Dr. Williams must be taken to affirm that it is not the Word of God. Before week- amine the meaning of these expressions, it is right to observe what Dr. Williams has said on the subject of Holy Scriptures in the second of the passages included in this charge Dr. Williams there refers to the teaching of the Church in her Ordination Service, as to the abiding influence of " the Eternal Spirit, and then use these words, " If such a Spirit did not dwell in the Church the Bible would not be inspired ;" and again, " The sacred writers acknowledge themselves men of like passions with ourselves, and we are promised illumination from the Spirit that dwelt in them." Dr. Williams may not unreasonable contend that the just result of these passages would be thus given : "The Bible was inspired by the Holy Spirit that has ever dwelt, and still dwells, in the Church, which dwelt also in the sacred writers of Hi by Scripture, and which will aid and illuminate the minds or those who read Holy Scripture, trusting to receive the guardians of that Spirit."' The words that the Bible 1 " an expression of devout reason, 1 and, there fore, to be read with reason in freedom,' an treated in the charge as equivalent to those words..-'"Tbe'Biblo is the composition worked devout or pious men, and nothing more ;" but such a meaning ought not to b ascribed to the words of a writer who, a fo' lines" further on, has plainly affirmed that the Holy Spirit dwelt in the sacred writers 0 the Bible. This context enables us to say that the words ''an expression of devout reason, and therefore to be read with reason in freedom," ought not to be taken, in the sense ascribed to them by the accusation In like manner we deem it unnecessary t put any interpretation on the words " written; voice of the congregation" inasmuch as w ere satisfied that, whatever may be the meat urges the passages included in this article they do not, taken collectively, warrant to charge which has been made that Dr. Wu Hams has maintained the Bible not to bet Word of God nor the rule of faith. We pass on to the remaining charge against Dr. Williams, which is contained in the 15th article of charge. The words of Dr. Williams, which are included in this charge, are part of a supposed defence of Baron Bunsen against the accusation of not being a Christian. It would be a severe thing to treat language used by an imaginary advocate as advised speaking or teaching by Dr. Williams, Against such a general charge as that of not being a Christian topics of defence maybe properly urged, although not in conformity with the doctrines of the Church of England. But, even if Dr. Williams be taken to approve the arguments which he uses for this supposed defence, it would, we think, be unjust to him to take his words as a full statement of his own belief or teaching on the subject of use fication. The14th Articles of Religion, which Dr. Williams is accused of contravening, states, We are accounted righteous before God only for the merits of Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, by faith, and not for our own works or deserving." The article Is wholly silent as to the merits of Jesus Christ being transferred to us. It asserts only that we are justified for the merits of Our Saviour by faith, and faith alone. We cannot say, therefore, that it is power in a clergyman to speak of merit by transfer as a faction, however unseemly that word may be when used in connexion with such a subject. It is fair, however, to Dr. Williams to observe that in the argument at the bar be repudiated the interpretation which had been put on these words, that "the doctrine of merit by transfer is a fiction," and he (ex- plained fiction as intended by him to describe the phantasy in the mind of an individual that he has received or enjoyed merit by transfer. Upon the whole, we cannot accept the interpretation charged by the promoter as the true meaning of the passages included in this 15th article of charge, nor can we consider those passages as warranting the specific charge, which, in effect, is that Dr. Williams asserts that justification by faith moses only the peace of mind or sense of Divine approval which comes of trust in a righteous God. This is not the assertion of Dr. Williams. We are, therefore, of opinion that the judgement against Dr. Williams must be reversed. We proceed to consider the charges against Mr. Wilson. These have been reduced to the 8th and 14th articles of charge. The other articles of charge were either rejected by the Court below, or have been abandoned at the hearing before this tribunal. In the 8th article of charge an extract of some length is made from Mr Wilson's essay, and the accusation is, that in the passage extracted Mr. Wilson has declared and affirmed, in effect, that the Scriptures of the Old and New Testament were not written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, and that they were not necessarily at all, and certainly not in parts, the Word of God and then reference is made to the 6th and 20th Articles of Religion, to part of the Nicene Creed, and to a passage in the Ordination of Priests in the Book of Common Prayer. The charge, therefore, involves the proposition " That it is a contradiction of the doctrine laid down in the 6th and 20th Articles of Religion in the Nicene Creed, and in the Ordination Service of Priests, to affirm that any part of the canonical books of the Old or New Testament upon any subject whatever, however unconnected with religious faith or moral duty, was not written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit." The proposi- tion or assertion that every part of the Scriptures was written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit is not to be found either in the articles or in any of the formularies of the Church. But in the 6th article it is said that Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to salvation, and the books of the Old and New Testament are therein former canonical. In the 20th article the Scripture are referred to as " God's Word written ;" in the Ordination Service, when the Bible is given by the bishop to the priest, it is put into his hands with these words, "Take thou authority to preach the word of God and in the Nicene Creed are the words " the Holy Ghost, who spake by the prophets. we are confined by the article of charge to the consideration of these material and the question is, whether in them the Church has affirmed that every part of every book of Scripture was written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit and is the Word of God Certainly this doctrine is not involved in the statement of the 6th article, that Holy Seiii ture containers all things necessary to salve tion. But inasmuch as it doth so from the revelations of the Holy Spirit, the Dibbs me well be denominated Holy" and said to the Word of God," "God's Word written, or "Holy Writ;" terms which cannot I affirmed to be clearly predicated of every statement and representation contained in ever part of the Old and New Testament. To frame) B of the articles have not used the wor "inspiration" as applied to the Holy Seri face, no, name upon his .1«..-MjlUIUb, to the nature, extent, or limits of that open tion of the Holy Spirit, The caution of the framers of our articles forbids our treated their language as implying more than expresSed nor are we warranted in ascribes to them conclusions expressed in new form of words involving minute and subtle matter of controversy. After an anxious consider tion of the subject, we find ourselves want to say that the passages extracted from Mr. Wilson's essay, and which forms the su ject of this article of charge, are contradict by or plainly inconsistent with the action or formularies to which the charge refer and which alone we are at liberty to co Elder. We proceed to the remaining clear against Mr. Wilson, namely, that contains in the 14th article. The charge is, that the portion of his essay which is set out this article Mr. Wilson lins advisedly e clared and affirmed, in effect, that after a life and at the end of the existing order things on this earth, there will be noted; ment of God, awarding to those in whom He shall then approve events ing life or eternal happiness, and those men whom he shall then condon everlasting death or eternal misery; and the position is affirmed to be contrary to the the creeds, the absolution, the Catechism, and t Burial and Cnmminatlou Services. In t first place he had nothing in the passage t tracted which in any respect questions denies that at the end of the world there w be judgement of God, awarding to the men whom He shall approve everlasting For eternal happiness ; but with respect to judgement of eternal misery, a hope is i couraged by Mr. Wilson that this-may not the purpose of God. We think that it is r competent to a clergyman of the Church England to teach or suggest that a hope in be entertained of a state of things contrary to what the Church expressly teaches or < classes will be the case ; but the charge is, to Mr. Wilson advisedly declares that after t lie there will be no judgement of God, awa ing either eternal happiness or eternal mise an accusation which is not warranted by I passage extracted. Mr. Wilson expressed hope that at the Day of Judgement those a who are not admitted to happiness may be dealt with as that " the perverted may be stored," and all, both small and great, u ultimately find a refuge in the bosom of Universal Parent." The hope that punishment of the wicked may not dare to all eternity is certainly at variance with anything that is for in the Apostles' Creed, or the Nfc Creed, or in the Absolution, which forms p of the Morning and Evening Prayer, or, in Burial Service. In the Catechism the 1 Is taught that in repeating the Lord's Pro he prays unto God " that He will keep from all sin and wickedness, and from Ghostly enemy, and from everlasting deat' at this exposition of the Lord's Pra cannot be taken as necessarily daring anything touching the eternity punishment after the resurrection. There main the Commination Service and the At Basion Creed. The material passage in Commination Service Is In these words a terrible voice of most just judge. which shall be pronounced upon thereof it shall be said unto them, Go, ye cursed, I the fire everlasting which is prepared for devil and his angels In like manner Athanasian Creed declares that they t have done evil shall go into everlasting : Of the meaning of these words " everlast fire" no interpretation is given in the for lanes. which are referred to in the charge. Wilson has urged in his defence that the w ''everlasting" In the English translation of New Testament, and of the Creed of St. Al past as, must be subject to the same line ( interpretation which some learned men given to the original words which translated by the English word ever last and he had also appealed to the liberty opinion which has always existed without strains among very eminent English day upon this subject. It is material to ob3 that in the articles of King Edward framed In 1552, the 42nd article was in following words: "All men shall not saved at the length. The also are work of condemnation who endeavour at this I to restore the dangerous opinion the men, be they never so ungodly, sha! length been saved, when they have suffi- parties for their Burnes a certain time pointed by God's justice." This article omitted from the Thirty-nine Articles of year 3662, and it might be said that the end of sustaining the judgement of the Court below on this charge would have restore the article so withdrawn. We are not required or at liber ty to express any opinion upon the mysterious question of the eternity of final punishment, further than to say that we do not find in the formularies to which this article refers any such distinct declaration of our Church upon the subject as to require us to condemn as penal the expression of hope by a clergy man that even the ultimate pardon of the wicked who are condemned in the Day of Judgement may be consistent with the will of Almighty God. We desire to repeat that the meagre and disjointed extracts which have been allowed to remain in the reformed articles are alone the subject of our judgement. On the design and general tendency of the book called Essays and Reviews, and on the effect cr aim of the whole essay of Dr. Williams, or the whole essay of Mr. Wilson, was neither can nor do pronounce any opinion. on the short extracts before us, our judgement is that the charges are not proved. Their Lord- ships, therofore,willhumbly recommend to Her Majesty that the sentences be reversed, and the reformed articles rejected in like manner as the rest of the original articles were rejected in the Court below namely, without costs; but inasmuch as the appellants have been obliged to come to this court, their Lord- ships think it right that they should have the costs of this appeal. At the conclusion of the judgement the Lord Chancellor said I am desired by the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Archbishop of York to state that they do not concur in those parts of the judgement which relate to the seventh article of charge against Dr. Williams, and to the eighth article of charge against Mr. Wilson. 