VII—LITERATURE AND EDUCATION SHAKSPEARIAN ENTERTAINMENTS. Our last Summary contained a report of the Shakspearian Tercentenary Demonstration in Adelaide; we now give reports of similar enter- <*> tainments at Port Adelaide, Port Elliot, and the Goolwa • — KORT ADELAIDE. The Fort Adelaide Young Men's Association cave an entertainment in aid of the Shakspeare Fond on Tuesday evening. April 26, in St Paul's Schoolroom. The Bey. C. Harryat took the chair, and there was a crowded attendance. The proceedings were introduced by a prologue, composed for the occasion, and delivered by the Bey. Mr. Green. Mrs. F. B. Jones sane in a very pleasing manner " Bygone Days," and the following reci tations were then given:—Hamlet's Address to the Player* (act 3. scene 2). Mr. Anthony; Brotns and Cassia* (-•Jallas Caesar," act 4, scene 3), Messrs. Hopkins and Bossie; Henry V. to his Soldiers (act 3, scene 1), Mr. Charles Watt; Macbeth's Soliloquy (act 2, scene l). Sir. Baan. Mrs. F. B. Jones and Sir. J. Bennett sang •• I know a Bank," after which hj? Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide delivered his promised lecture upon " Shakspeare " aa follows: —?? It is a remark of oar author placed in the month of one of his charac ters, that 'the evil which men do lives after them—the good is oft interred wim their bones.' The triumph of genius is manifested In the reversal of this law, and it speaks well, both for our poet and our countrymen, that 300 years have only added freshness to the garland which encircles his brow, and deepened the conviction among ourselves and foreigners of his surpassing powers as a dramatist and poet. It would seem impertinent to detain yon at any length upon the merits of an author with whom we all conceive ourselves to be familiar; bat this very familiarity tends to supersede the careful study of his genius and an exact appreciation of his works. We assume that we know that which we have so often heard, and a critical examination of his works with a view to compare him with the great bards of other times and other countries is left rather to the literary student than forming part oi the general education of every intelligent En?liiu man. My object, then, to-night will be to draw attention to the depth and variety or Shakspeare's genius, or the power of his fancy, his perception of character, his keen sense of comic drollery as well as tragic power, his power of description or word-painting; and to trace something of his Inner man in his lofty sentiments and the tenderness oi his feelings; above all, in hi? singular and seemingly intuitive knowledge of mankind, and of the great world which he brings upon the stage. My work will not be unavailing if it leads you better to discriminate the varied excellencies of that wonderful poet whom we are met to commemorate. Milton baa said of him— "•Sweetest Shakspeare,Fancy's child. Warbles bis nature wool-notes wild;' but he seems equity familiar with courts and camps, th c noble and the peasant, the churchman and the lawyer, the Italian and the Moor, the Dane or Gaul, as with his own blnff countryman Harry VTIL, Sir John Falstaff, tbe fiery Hotspur, or that' sweet wag,' Harry of Monmoatb. And this & tbe mot* extraordinary, because his early lire and education were not not snob as to render him familiar with the higher ranks of society or the national characteristics of foreigners. Educated where be learnt tbe rudiments of Latin, the exigencies of trade or the poverty of his means compelled his lather to withdraw him even from this source of improvement at an early period. He seems to hare worked as a woolstapler under his father, and to have married at the early age of 19 his beloved Ann Hathaway, the daughter of a substantial yeoman. Nor was it until he had become too <i?niin?r, as it is said, with the deer park of Sir Thomas Lucy that be emerged from that narrow sphere In which Providence bad seemed to have cast his !ot. Then, seeking the great metropolis, he first became acquainted with tbe playhouse, of which be was afte -wards to be the presiding genius. Perhaps as a means of livelihood he first obtained admission in tbe then existing company of players; nor does be ever appear to bave attained any hi£h distinction in the histrionic art. It is said ;ue enacted the ghost in Hamlet, but with what success has not been recorded. Here it was, however, that his natural genius for Slay writing was stimulated into exercise, and was developed ?to the highest excellence. It has been shrewdly remarked that if be had not studied the ancient authors, neither bad be stolen anything from them, and then his want of learning redonnds to tbe credit of his originality. The play writer in those days does not appear to have enjoyed that considera tion at th? bands of the players whioh is now admitted. Even the great Ben Jouson owed to thefrieadly interposition o Shakspeare, his introduction to fame and popularity. To represent a piece offered for their consideration was considered an act of grace and condescension on their part. To this feet may be attributed oc casional patches of dullness introduced by the actors themselves in their several parts. The playhouse copy, in terpolated with such additions and stase directions, is the foundation of the plays as they are at present printed. lie. himself, never made a collection of his plays, nor corrected them for the press. The greater put was published after his death. On this point he speaks feelingly when he puts in the mouth of Hamlet the following direction :—• And let those that play your clowns speak no more than is set down for them, for there be of them that will themselves laugh to set on some quantity of barren spectators to laugh too; though in tbe meantime some necessary question of the pUybe then to be considered. That's rillanous, and shovs a most pitiful ambition in tbe fool that uses it.' (Act 3, Scenes.) The characters of Shakspeare bave an individu ality about them which qualifies the remark of Samuel John son—that they represent species. Undoubtedly they arc not eccentric and singular in their type, but aa no individual of a species, no member of a family, is identical in appearance with another's, so tbe personality of Shakspeare's imaginary characters U distinguished by their own traits and peculiari ties. Hamlet is not merely a prince, a scholar, a courtier and eoldier.butstsnds out on the canvas a figure which we recognise as unlifce any other drawn by any poet in any age. Opbelia, indeed, through the very depth of her affection, may hare Ailed to penetrate tbe mystery of his partially assumed insanity and his caustic rudeness; bat the watchful sue picioneness of the King was not lulled into security. ' W hat be spake, tho' it lacked form a little, was not like madness,' remarks the latter to Polonius; * rhere's something in his soul, o'er which his melancholy sits on brood.' Thus it would be Impossible not to recognise this creation of Shak?peare's imagination if tbe royal Dane could once more revisit the glimpses of the moon. As in the case of Homer* heroes, we recognise each as described to old Priam by the fair Helen; so we seem to be equally familiar with laso or Shylock, the noble Othello, tbe gay Merculio, or sprightly Benedict. It is time, however, for me to trace tb* transcendent merit of oar author In the variety of his characters, whether tragic, humorous, or imaginary. A few specimen? shall then be riven or his descriptive powers, and, lastly, some traits of his personal character, co far as that may be deduced from the sentiments which he has put in the mouths of several of his characters. Sir J. Reynolds has painted the Boscius of our stage—Garrick—between the tragic and comic jmuses, as claimed alike by both; but something in the laughing look of the actor, excusing himself to tragedy for yielding to the fascinations of his merrier sifter, typifies to my mind the great dramatist himself as halting between the two, yet evidently entering into *the Snips and cranks and wreathed smiles' of mirthful comedy, with more gusto than when he sups full with horrors In "the darkest of his tragedies. How truly, for example, does his wit, fancy, and invention disport them selves in the character of that gallant gentleman Mercutio, especially when be quizzes bis lovesick cousin, Borneo, in tbe elegant description of Queen Hab, (Borneo and Juliet, act L, scene 4.) He is not the light fop which a superficial study orcareless comedian would represent. How contemptuously, for example, does he speak of the hot, hasty, bully, Tybilt— ?Oh, he is the courageous captain of compliments, lie fi^hta as you sing prick-song; keeps time, distance, and propor tion ? rests his minim test, one. two, and the third in your bosom The very butoherof a silk bntton. a duellist, a duellist, a gentleman of the rery first bouse—of the first and second cause—(for which a man is to fight). Ah. the immortal passado! Tbe punto reserso! tbe hay (hai them'st trot it). * Why is not this a lamentable thing, grandsire, that we shonld be thus afflicted with these strange flies, these fashionmongers, these pordonnes mois. -who stand so much on tbe new form, that they cannot sit at ease on the old bench! O, their bom, their bons.r And when he is wounded to death, how playfully does he speak -.—• Ay, ay, a •cratch, a scratch; marry 'tis enongh; no, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor bo wide as a church door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve; ask for me to-morrow, and you shall find me a grave man!' Mercutio is the repre sentation of genteel comedy; but in Falstaff, Dogberry, the eraredigger. Bottom, the comic drollery of our author runs absolutely riot. Were I. on the other hand, to select the deepest dyed tragic villain my choice would rest upon Ia?o. and for skilful display of character I should point to tiiat scene in which the archfiend plays upon the fierce instincts of the Moor, awakening, feeding, and maturing that maddening jealousy which leads so naturally to the tragic •nd of Desdemona. But how wonderful is the delicacy and tenderness yet strength** his female characters, which lie sets before is in Miranda. Ophelia, and Desdemona. or in the generous Beatrice, or the subhmer purity of Isabella in. 'Measure for Measure.' What can be more exquisite than the broken-hearted tenderness of Ophelia, passing over Hamlet's rode taunts upon the frailty uf her sex- and 'dwelling only on the wreck, as she supposes, of his reason! 'O, what a noble mind is here overt lirown. &c.; • And lof ladies most deject and wretched.*—(liam. iii.) In striking contrast with the womanly tenderness of these and many other characters. let us notice briefly tbe noDie confidence of Beatrice in the innocence of her cousin hero Benedict. Benedict— * IsClaudio thine enemy? Beatrice—la he not approved in tbe height a villain, that hath slandered, scorned, dishonoured my kinswoman ? O, that I were a man! What! bear her in band until they come to take bands, and then with public accusation uncovered slander, unmitigated rancour-<), God, that I were a man ! I would eat hhlieart in the market place. Sweet hero! She is wronged, she is slandered, she is undone! Still more sublime is tbe holy indignation with which Isabel spurns from her the caitiff and her brother, who would save his miserable life at the cost of dishonour. Clandio—• Sweet sister, let me lire!' Isabel—'O, faithless coward, O dishonest wretch, Wilt tbou be made a man out of my vice ? Take my defiance! Dicperi?h! Might butmy bending dovrn Reprieve thee from thy fate, it should proceed. I'll pray a thousand prayers for thy death; No word to sare thee! O fye, fye, f ye.' Passing from the region of inventive imagination to that of the purer fancy; in addition to Queen Mab, dwell for a moment on Titania, Puck, Ariel, and hear the latlci singing be sweet dirge in tbe ear of Ferdinand— ' Full fathoms five thy father lies. Of his bones are coral made. Those are pearls that were his eyes. Nothing of him that doth fade. Bat doth suffer a sea change Into something rich and strange; Sea nymphs hourly ring his knell. Hark 1 I bear them-ding dong belL Or the description of his !ife-(A.ct v., scene D. • Tempest'— •Where the bee sacks there sack I. la a cowslip's bell I lie. There I couch where owls do cry. On the bst'e back I do fly Alter summer, memly: Ah, you should all t?ke to know more of this man. who like many others in our favoured country rose from the lower n?iT>iddlA ranksoflifetoa preeminence, which leaves far behtadlll S?Sources of Earning, aU the appliance of gmdy by the mere force of Nature's inborn pcnius. A few Dassaees. M* feather* to show in which direction the wiud K7? mar serve to indicate the q?iaUties of heart an.l miud, which formed elements in his characters. How cousntent v it with his passionate love and early marriage, at i :>. that i he should have delineated the Blaster passion of men'a nature with a fidelity and Irestjaess drawn lrom the dear mirrower of his own soul, and the well spring of his own chaste feelings. 'O bid me leap from off the battlemmte of yonder,tower, 1 will do it without fear or doubt to live an unstained wife to my sweet love.— (Borneo and Juliet, act 4, aoene L) Hark bis appreciation of maiden innocence— • I have marked a thousand blushingapparlUont itart Into her ace; A thousand innocent charms In angel whitenesebear away those blushes; And m her eye there bath appeared a fire. To bum the errors that these prineea hold Against her maiden truth.' (Moch Ado About Nothing, act?, icene L) Akin to love S friendship: and what is the friend oar Bard wonld have chosen? (Hamlet,act3, scene 2.) •Give me that man ?That is not passion's slave, and Twin wear him In my heart's core, aye hi my heart of heart.' The tenderness, too, of his sensibility is witnessed by his devotion to music. (Twelfth Bight, act I, scene 1.) • That strain again, ft had a dying fiOL O. it came o'er my ear like the sweet south That breathes upon a bank of violets, Stealing and giving odour.* And now a word tor graver sentiments. Brought op hi the reformed faith of the Church of England, he speaks of bis country thus :— ' Famed by their breed, and famous by their birth,' See. Or, what can better speak the power of conscience than jiichard Ill.:-'My conscience hath a thousand Beveral tongues, and every tongue brings in a several tale, and every tale condemns me for a villain.'—(Richard ITT., act 6, scene 3 ) Isabel, too, in her brother Claudio's behalf, pleads thus for mercy :— •Alas, alas I Why all the souls that were forfeit once, And he, that might the vantage best have took, Found out the remedy! How would you be If He, who is the hope of judgment, should But judge you as you are ?' {Measure for Measure) Act 2, scene 2).—Not less beautiful is the description of their grace by Portia in the ' Merchant of Venice.' when she say? ' It is an attribute of God him self. And earthly power doth then show likest God when mercy seasons justice.* For descriptive power I need hardly suggest passages to you, for, as when extracts from the beaoties of r-bakgpeare were once offered to an admirer of the poet, he simply asked where were the rest, bo you might justly overwhelm my (election with others not less beautiful On the whole, then. Providence has raised up in England a poet who seems, nothing of earth, to have been all but inspired—so true, so lofty, so varied, so exact in his con ception asd delineations, while in the music and dignity of language he rivals if he does not surpass tbe sweetness or thunder of tbe Homeric verse. The tragic vein of -ffiscbylus and Sophocles, the comic humour of Aristophanes, the ima gination ot Dante, the poetry of Homer—in him allmeet and are combined. This varied power in one individual gives him the prominence over sIL No man ever owed so little to education and so much to Nature as the Bard of Avon, who died at the early age of S3. Not too soon for bis own fame, but. unlike his own Prospero,' Hia staff was broken, bruised, restored fathoms in the earth, but not deeper than ever plummet sounded' has bis book been drowned. On the contrary it lives more freshly in our hearts than ever, and wherever tbe speech of England shall prevail, there will this great master of it be held in honor." (Great applause.) The lecture was divided into two parts, and in the interval Mrs. F. B. Jones sang with great effect—" Her bright smile haunts me still." The remaining part of the programme was gone through after the dose ot tbe lecture: -Brutos's Address to the Bo mans (Julius Caesar, act 3, scene 2), Mr. John Lauc; Mark Anthony's Oration (Julius Caesar, act 3, scene 2), Mr. W- A. Paqnalin: Borneo's Speech to Mercutio on Queen Hab and her doings (Romeo and Juliet, act 1, scene 4), Mr. A. Fol larton; Epilogue, Mr. John Clark; Song—" Annie my own love,*' and *? Let me kiss Urn for Us Mother." Mrs. F. B. Jones. The recitations of Messrs. Hopkins. Paqualin. and Foliation were encored, and Mrs. Jones sang magnificently and wai frequently recalled. The whole affair was a com plete success. 