SANDWICH ISLANDS. The Sandwich Islands are destined to be ft ,Cuba of the west coast. Their position peculiar ; they are inhabited by a people who are fast disappearing from among the nations of the earth, even more 'rapidly than tbe North American Indians ; they are governed by feeble monarchy, modelled after that of Great Britain/and -at present powerfully influenced b .a ministry composed- mostly of Englishmen ; while the white population of the islands is largely made up of American -citizens and their descendants.- -Their -natural-connection in-trad ¿B] with'Jhe American coast pf the ; Pacific,- a though for many years they bare been intimate! connected with the whaling por e of Kew Eng lahd,| and in "j consequence " the amount .American capital invested, there largely exceed thatrof all »other nations. As long as th present -monamby stands,' and a reapectab) number of the native race. remains, all will- g on wel^enpugh ;, brit it is hopeless to expec that thia can be the ease for many years to come while, the rapid growth of California, and- thi inict^asirlg interests of England in British Oolam bia""and, Vancouver's Island, owing to the. gob annes of Frazer Bi ver and the, ooal beds o Victoria, to say nothing of the vast forests o ¡tiplbér which are yet, to' find their way to thi -csmpsraijvely timberless lands of China, wil raider: these islands of greater importance li eáoh nation as the years roll on. -- That the English residents near the Haw .aiiáu court, in office and ont, are ' so playing their cards as to obtain, if possible, from thc feeble and - failing monarchy, a tender of th« .islands.in,dne time to the British Drown, there ,can belittle doubt to .'any One who has watched the course pf events of Honolulu of late] year«, The first step, would'be to: create a protectorate as was attempted at the Fiji Island and Tahiti, aneasyand decent move, when the native popp latioñ is,"sb feeble, and the foreign so likely tc .outnumber it before many years. The greal obstaole io their'schemes would be the interests of :the Iantje ipajority of American citizens, who had,8^tied in tbe, kingdom, 'and who are rapidly obtaining the estate's, held by the old chieftains, and turning them into sugar -plantations. Thc surest way-to bind tbe Sandwich Islands to American ..interests, and to retain the na'ai tbey are ñów, an outlying colony of California, is to encourage- emigration from that State by thc .fréquent and intimate connection afforded by a liú^i.óf^sjéamers.'^They are sure to be occu- pied'soon l>y'citizens of some nation, or pf all; from.^the tempting -profits of sugar-growing, profits ^which can be made to equal, if > no I exceèdj those of Cuban estates. But one ele ment i is ; wanting '. to make them even more profitable in the future-an abundance of cheap labour ; and nothing would .tend more to pro' motëthis' than -' frequent and rapid c »mmunioa ¿ion with China. Coolie labour must' eventu- ally be used here; it, is true'- that , the present ministry . has prohibited- the-importation di Coolies, but if Coolie labour, can be profitably carried round the Cape of Good Hope to Cuba, a .passage, when made in winter, equal in its horrors and excessive mortality' to the awful middle paBsage of the .slaves, it would seem unwise and suicidal to exclude it from Hawaii whenever the extent of the plantations shall create à presBing want for it. To call it slavery and talk of the horrors of the passage to Hawaii is all cant. The Coolie works out his- passage money and is free ever after—apprentices do as much, and are not slaves ; the passage from China to Honolulu is a pleasant as any voyage in the world, and when the poor fellow gets there, his lot is that of Paradise compared to life at home on three' pounds sterling per annum. There are many Chinese now in Honolulu, and some are even conducting sugar .plantations; one cargo of Coolies was, landed on Kauii some yéars ago, when the ministry became alarmed, and "checked immigration - but whenever the necessity for Coolie labour is really apparent, as it is likely to be in a few years, no legislation can keep the labourers and the Chinese capitalists themselves away. The ministry, in their anxiety to shield the Kanakas from Chinese competition, have forgotten that of late years the Chinese harassed by internal wars, have become a colonising nation, and wherever they have planted colonies they have remained in spite of the most violent opposition. Such laws are scarcely worth the paper they are written on. - Thus far the native labour has been adequate for the limited wants of the planters, the cultivation of the sugar-cane, although indigenous to Hawaii, being yet in ¡its infancy, /and this law has never been really tried. The Attention of the American people has never been fully directed to the value of these islands for the cultivation of sugar. Although, they have an area of arable land far ' exceeding that of'Mauritius, and; very fertile,, and .are on. the same parallel of north latitude, that Mauri- tius occupies of south, with-superior advantages 'in e.very,respect for the cultivation of the cane -besides the enormous advantage ol.frejsdqm from hurricanes or cy ol ones,. which sweep over Mauritius with awful force-their production is not otte-tigfitieth part, either in amount or value. 'Speedy, cheap, and regular communica- tion with San Francisco would soon . increase this amount prodigiously under the stimulus of American capital and American emigration, By these remarks on the real value and péçu liar position of the Sandwich Islands, it is not meant that any encouragement should be given to filibustering, pr any of thè disgraceful' ideas that'cliarroierised the dealings of the slavehold ing ports with Cuba, before that party, ;by its suicidal conduct, lost power in the American Union ; but simply to point out the' fact that the present nation in , whose name the Sandwich Islands stand is in a feeble and almost dying condition, that it must soon give up the ghost, and before, it expires will devise this fair land to some, foreign power ; ' to England, if by the intrigues of her resident citizins who watch by its bedside, she can bo appointed attorney in illness, heir when dead; or to the United States, if citizens of the United States, by aotnal coloni- sation become |be owners of the land. ' The nation would thus gradually change ' from Hawaiian to American without, violence or revo- lution, and thus for tho Americans have the majority of the foreign .population. Indeed, it is* probable that they equnl all other nationalities put tó¡getheír~They"ire" orderly and peaceable, with scarcely a thonglit among them, ' of a révolution of the government ; they knowing . well that while the natives outnumber them as twenty to one; and most of the offioea of, law and - politics ere in their own. hands, it would be folly to agitate such schemes. The mild, constitutional 'monarchy is directed solely io the administra- tion of justice, the greatest order reigns through. Jout the kingdom, ; and no well conducted white man- has any serious grievances to complain of. Attempts at filibusterism or annexation , would be~criminal--folly,-~ such- as; the- law- abiding planters/missionaries, «nd merchants would uever cguuteoauce, At the same time it is feta that the Hawaiian nation is hopelessly decaying, and that if English intrigues are successful ir. turning this settlement founded by American missionaries into an English colony, gross injus tice will be done to the Americans, who are by far the larger proportion of the owners for the soil Tbe attitude taken by Mr. Fillmore "towards these islands was, that the United States had no desire.to annex.them ; that they belonged to a different race, brought from heathenism, it is true, by American colonists, but now able to -govern themselves, and that they ought to govern themselves. .He was right. The islands would have been a useless incubus at the time; and their experiment .of . self.government has been eminently' successful. "But it could not arrest the decline of the native race, which seems inevitable on contact with the white man, although no decaying people has ever had a fairer chance to preserve its nationality. The question now arising, or soon to arise, is of an entirely different nature. : When the feeble remnant of the Hawaiian nation becomes extinct, to whom will the islands belong? Clearly, if any nation has a right, to them, by colonisation, by possession, by affinity to her coasts, and by capital invested in their improve- ment it is the American'. Let us see to it that we keep all these advantages in the future, , and increase, by every,possible means, the - coonee (ion of the group with our Pacific coast. But why take so'mtich'trouble-about a little gtoup of islands, the largest of which is only sixty miles long ? Their position in the Pacific, and the great width of tbat ocean, make them of a relative importance out of all proportion to their size or productions,'although it has been shown that these, sugar especially, can be made of no mean value. -¡'- ll ? ?? r> . r ; . . .. : ;.. \ The voyage from California to China, by sail- ing vessels, consumes,' on the average, . sixty days.' Maury says sixty-four, but it is frequently made in fifty-five at-the-present day. Prom fian Francisco,'via'Honolulu, to Hongkong and Shanghai, the distances are respectively 7000 and 7500\. miles, and the voyage would take a pro- peller,.travelling by wind and steam, about thirty- five dayB. Jt is loo long a voyage for a vessel to make by steam' alone, unless ehe car- ries so much eoal aa to swallow up all her profits, so thai . >M' steamers traversing tbe '.Pacific will be obliged to cill at Honolulu, on "the westward voyage,, to fill up with coal for the longest stretch of ber journey. Depots , of coal, oiuld'be"easilyJfornïéd there by colliers from Vancouver's Island,, where "there are large beds of excellent quality.. No quantity could be ob- tained at Honolulu st present, very little fuel being required'-in tbat equable climate; but much of the wood, used for .building purposes throughout the group is brought from Puget Sound .and. .the: Columbia -River,'a .distance almost as great as it would be necessary to transport coal.. -It is therefore seen that Hono- lulu would be an important station for any line \ of, steamers traversing the!. Pacific, »nd the .facilities for obtaining supplies which would soon spring . ;np ? would . eontribute , > materially to the success.of the.linn. The harbour is safe, and easily accessible, tba channel through the ; reef is .well buoyed,.' and the wharfage facilities quite adequate for any trade likely to be found there for ten years to obme. - Although the Sand- wich Islands. are, seventeen degrees, south of San Francisco, "and eleven degrees south of Shanghai, . the, great apparent deflection to be made by vessels touching there, is, in reality, no deflection at al), for the prevalent winds compel all vessels from California to China to peas within a hundred miles of the group. Hunt's Merchants'Magazine. I 'MviiDEH av SEEÓBAHT M'QINNEHTY -The aosonnt cf the murder of this unfortunate, mao, whiob appeared in our last, was inaccurate,in the detail*, whiob were eup. plied lo aa bj tho police aa well es tbrongh oradible private sauroes. .The foot of the murder itself ie, haw. ever,too true, .The following particulars may ba relied ont-While in the neighbourhood of Oopaballe, alter oolleoting licenses from tüeC iioese,8ergeant MGinnerty and trooper Ohurohley rame upon afresh horse Iraak on the high toad. .Without »ny particular motive, unless Biob as always influenae policemen, and not for a moment suspecting that Morgan was In that distriot, they poshed on, and soon came in eight of e man ridirg quietly along tue'road; I He rievèt turned bia head,'so tbe sergeant galloped ohead to hare a look at bim. He hal no sooner oome alongside, tbah Morgan-for it proved to be tbat redoubtable assassin-tamed towards bim soddenly, and BsiJ, '. You sra one of these b-i- wretches looking lor bushrangers,'* firing m revolver at the same moment, tho bell of-wbieh entered MeSinnertj's breast. Church ley, who * it appears was near enough to hear Mdrgan's salutation, Baw-theiWoanded.aaa drop the reinvput bis band on bia heart, and fall i forward on the torso's neok, the borae.'bolting with bim into: the bosh, The trooper hsa not. given any. plausible reason for not firing a*, the villain, exoept that bis horse bolted. Hs, however, says that be tried lo. follow th* wounded mao, bal bis boree refused to go io that direction. He made bia way into Tumbarumba thal night, and reported the milter; t;:yet .-as . ..Sergeant*-- MoGinnerty did ¡not nuke bis appearance, tbe worst eonseqienoes were -feared,- bul - the- - malter waa - kept-secret from the poor wife end family of the deoeased. On the next day, when near the scene:of the murdor,' the mail- man Baw M'Ginnerty's hat (which he immediately recog- nised, BB they, were near neighbours) lying in the middle of the toad, and oisting:bis eyes about, ateo discovered the deceased, then quite dead, as the wound mnst h ve pro doofd almost: instantaneous death. He sent word to Tamberumba, and the body WBB brought In. We* have beard, but cannot vonob. for. the eosnraoy. of the report, that an inqpiry has been held, and a'warrant for wilful murder issued against Morgan; also that. Trooper Chutobley has been: plaa-d under arrest, and will be tried fer ' bowntcîfo'i and ' neglect'of duty; - The most, extraordinary part of this shocking - narrative ls that it is almost oerfaio, - fiori the m itel character-of- Ifre~wôndo7"~whloh" produce! " eltnesi ioBtont death, tho direotlon taken! by tbe horte, and the feet that Morgan was afterwards seen with McGinnerty's ¡horse, > saddle, and arm»,' that : the .Incomprehensible scoundrel conveyed the body, back to tbe position in whiob it was found, and placed, ihe bat in tbs road to attraot attention, r On the same dey. that the remains wera discovered, Mr. O'Hare, publican, ol Tamberumba, ¡was returning tb that place on hirB-baok,' when h3 was .'arrested by the word "S andi' issuing Iront tha road, iside, in a graff voiao, Margan, whom be had not seen: till be wen close upon bim, then appearel on McGln 'nerty's*a horse,. with'' tba- rifle strapped- at. i tbs Paddler ,ae ,-. the ."1 deoeased lett il. ; The follow', lng. .'colloquy, then .took plaoe-Morgan, with a revolver oooked and .levelled, speaking in a hoarse ; but. deliberate tone:-Morgan: Hate you any money f O'Hare: No. Morgan: Have you a walsh t O'Hare t No. - Morgan : Then-1 want that horse. O'Hare:-But ibu Jv .no good,to you- Morgan: Olsmount at one», tie 'bim up, and walk over.there ioto the boab. O'H'.re (obeying Morgan's commands): And, omyl to walk all tbe wny: to Tamberumba t Morgan : Yes, and b-r-y glad to. have, the obaace. It will do yon good." .The majdeter;then tpck.tbe reins of tba'horse, but O'Hare says be had great difficulty in .leading him, and it was afterwerda found be bal abandoned him at a short dis lanae. It ia well tbat Morgan did At mest O'Hare on bis ¿wey oat, as ba WBB then riding a ra on hnr would oivei tbe villain anotner chance.-Boidtt Patt. - AnkuriED SuioiiE -Sènior-oonstable Sinclair at- tempted to take bis own lil« on Wednesday evening last, aube Police Barraaks in .William.alreet, by discharging tbe contend'of a revolver in.bis breast. The oause is sall to have boen disappointment in a love affair. Be ote cemmlitlog the aol the raBh men wrote.a letter to Mr. Superintendent Lydlard, acquainting bim with bis inten- tion, ead tbe epistle was only received s few moments before the report of the pistol was heard announeiog fie accomplishment of the deed. Dr. M'Donagh was osllel la attendance, and pronounced the oaso very serious. On Tuureday the man was removed lo the Icsp'tal, where ; ho now lingera in a preoatioaa atatrk -Bathunt limttï I 