THE BIDE OF A WOUNDED BRIGADE. I (Correspondent of the Chicago Journal.) Thoy wero loaded upon tho train ; two platform cnn wore pared with them, forty on a cur. Seren boxea won so packed you could'not set your foot down among then as thoy lay.' The roofs of tho cars wero tiled with them and away we pounded, nil day, all night, into tho ncx1 morning, and then Nashville. Half of the boys had no a shred of blanket, and it rained steadily, pitilessly What do you think of plntforai cara fora triumphal pro . cession wherein to bear wounded heroes to tho tuneo " Tho Soldier's Return from tho War?" But the store: of the Sanitary Commission mid tho gifts of,such ladies as aro now, I believe, making your city a Bel bel-i place of ungols-kept tho boys' hearts up through all thoso weary, drizzling hours. It is midnight, and the attendants aro going through tho train with cottee, graced with milk and eugur-think of that-two fresh, white, crisp crackers apiece, and c little taste of fruit. Did your hands prepare it, deni lady ? I hopo so, for tho littla balunco in your favor set » down in the ledger of G-od. Hero they como with a enntcen ; will you go with thom ? Climb through that window into a cur us black as tho Hole of Calcutta. But mind whore you step ; the floor is one layer deep with wounded soldiers. As you ewing tito lantern round, bandages show white and ghastly everywhere ; blindages, bandages, and now mid then a rusty spot of blood. Whit worn-out, faded faces look up at you! They rouse Uko wounded creatures bunted down to their lairs as you come. Tho tin cups extended in all sorts of hands but plump, strong ones, tinkle all around you^ You arp fairly girdled with a . tin-cup horizon. How the dull, pale faces brighten ns , . thoso cups aro Ulled I On we go, out at ono window, in \ \a ot- another,, stepping gingerly among mangled limbs. \ *i\T6 reach't ho platform curs, creaking with their drenched, ? .« },'. ' ^cyilled,' bruised burdens, and I must tell you-it's a \- ... i' . ïf- r ? .'Aa'rno though-that ono poor fellow among them loy . ', -, ->:*. "."\witlj a tattered blanket pinned round him ¡ ho was lite \ '^-' ^^ rallf-eatu culotte. ** How is this?" I said. "Haven't '.. V '* got my descriptivo list'-that's what's the mnttor," was .'..-,- ¿ tho roply. Double allowance all round to tho occupants of tho platforms, and wo retrace our steps to tho rear of tho train. You should hnvo li na rd the ghost of a cheor ,* that fluttered liko n feeble bird, as wo went back. It was the most touching volo of thanks ever offered j there was a little flash up of talk for a minute, and all subsided . into silence and darkness again. Wearily wore the hours and heavily hammered tho train. At intcrruls the guards traversed tho roof of tho caVs, and pulled in the worn out boys that lind jarred down to tho edges-pulled them in toward thc middle of tho cars without waking I them !"' Occasionally ono slips over thc eaves, I um told, ', and is miserably crushed. What a homeward march is : all this to sot a tuno to ! By Borne error in apportionment there was not quite j ? coffee enough for all on deck, and two slips of boys, on tho roof of the car where I occupied a eornor, wero left without a drop. Whenever wo stopped, and that was two hours here, and three hours there, waiting for this and for that-thoro was no hurry, you know-and tho side-door was slided back in its groove, I saw two hun- gry faces, stretched down over tho car's edge, and heard two fecblo voices crying-" We havo hud nothing up hero sinco yesterday noon, wo two-thcro aro only us two boys-plcaso giro us something. Haven't you got any hard tack ?" I heard that pitiful appeal to tho buî cers in charge, and saw those faces till they haunted me, and to-day I remember those plaintive tones as If I were hearing a dirge. I felt in my pockets and haversack for . a cracker, but found uotliihg. I really hated myself for ¿?- having eaton my dinner, and not saved it for them.' A further search was reworded with six crackers from ? the Chicago Mechanical Bakery, and watching my chance when Pete's back was turned-tho cook, and a smutty autocrat was Peto in his way-I took a sly dip with a basin into tho cofTce-boiler. As the car gave a lurch in tho right direction, I called from tho window, "Boys!" I hoard thom crawling to the hedge, handed up tho mid night supper, "Bully for yon," they snid, and I saw them no more. When tho train reached Nashville, and I clambered down to solid ground again, I looked up at the roof; it was bare. God grant tho boys aro with their mothers to- night. And how do you liko the ride of tho wounded brigade ? 