COMPLIMENTARY DINNER TO MR. IV. WILLIAMS, j'UMliEACILA Mr. W. "Williams, of Gumeracha, wheat-buyer, was publicly honoured by a complimentary dinner ou Wednesday, September SS. Gumeracha, as one of the wheat-producing dis tricts of the colony, his for some time past been rapidly rising iu importance. Every year fiesh indications of its progress are visible, and perhaps in no period of its history were these evidences of its material prosperity more plainly manifest than at the present time. On entering the township new buildings in course of erection meet the eye of the traveller on one side, and fields of com. prolific fruit and vegetable gardeus, and other indices of progression proclaim the district to be teeming with bustle and activity on the other. The new Institute building is now nearly com pleted, the Court-House aud its appendages are assuming an intelligible appearance, aud various other local improvements, including many which owe their origin to the District Council, show that the inhabitants of this part of the country are doing their utmost to render their district one of the chief supports of the colony. It is pleasing to be able on this occasion to direct atten tion to these matters; and if anything were wanting to prove the correctness of our observervations we could not perhaps do better than point to the prospective establish ment of the Gumeracha Fair, to be held ou Wed nesday, Octolier 5, and to be conducted on the same principle as those which have been found by experience to conduce so largely to the welfare of those iuteiested in such institutions in the mother country. We trust that the laudable exertions of the Committee may prove eminently successful. On Wednesday evening about 5t) persons, in cluding several ladies, testified their esteem of the guest, who is shortly to leave the district, by dining at the District Hotel in recognition of the benefits he has conferred on the district as a wheat-buyer. The large room of the hotel was suitably prepared for the event by tasteful decorations, and a portion of Schroder's brass brand was engaged, to give additional eclat to the proceedings. Mr. H. Dawson, ■ J.P., occupied the chair, and was sup ported ou his right by the guest of the evening and Mr. Alex. Forrest, Chairman of the District Council, and on his left by Mr. H. Creed and Mr. E. G. Day. The vice-chair was filled by Mr. J. Dicker, who was supported on his right by Mr. H. Evans, and on his left by Mr. Alexander Greig. The Chairman, at the conclusion of the dinner, suitably disposed of the preliminary toasts. Mr. A. Gueig proposed "The Parliament," and somewhat minutely referred to the various ques tions engaging attention. The Chairman made a few responsive remarks, observing that it was his opinion that the Parlia ment would allow no injury to be inflicted on either class in tliesettlemeutof the question of the pastoral leases. air. Thos. Day pronosed "The Health of the District Council of Talunga," remarking that 12 years ago that body was not in existence, but th.-.t during the past eight years their good roads had been made by them," and were now in a fit condi tion for the residents to travel on, or even His Excellency if he chose to visit them, (Applause.) Mr. A, Forrest said it gave him inexpressible pleasure to think that the District Council had served so well the interests of the ratepayers. The people had themselves to thank for it; for without good backers the District Council could do very little. Mr. S. Dawson regretted that the important toast he had to propose had not been committed to abler hands, although he had every wish to do justice to it. The very fact of so many persons being present impressed him with its importance, and showed the true woitJi of competition. He should have stated that the dinner had been given to Mr. Williams in acknowledgment of the good he had done the district in his capacity of wheat-buyer. They could recollect when he first came in the district. At that time they only had one blacksmith, one boot maker. and one representative of the various ■ ther trades; and, they would remember, only one wheat-buyer also. They would likewise bear iu mind the benefits which had resulted from the competition so introduced,-and that their guest had been the cause of having a reduction of from Sd. to 4d. made in favour of the farmers. (Hear and applause.) Thus by competition the farmers had received material benefit, the sum paid to them for their produce being within 4(L of the Adelaide price. Now he thought the farmers should support those districts in which competi tion mostly existed, for they liad it themselves in every hill and gully, and therefore he maintained that no person should be so ready to take advan tage of competition as the farmer. Probably some persons would say that Mr- Williams had only started for his own pecuniary advancement. Well, who did not do so? Where was the man who did not start with the same object in view? (Hear, hear) But it was not every man who had done so under circumstances like hose in which Mr. Williams was placed. (Applause.) And he c .intended rh at though a man did not always gain . by the amount he put iu his pocket, yet he would by a straightforward honest course iu the end en sure success. Before Mr. Williams became a wheat-buyer all the wheat from the Bhinc went on to Lyndoch, notwithstanding that the road to Gumeracha was much better and the price much nearer that given in town. (Cheere.) He would conclude by stating tliat some three years ago Mr. Williams came there as a stranger, and had, by pursuing his business as a straightforward man, won the golden opinions of many; and although there was a number of croakers who said this and that, yet this was a universal fact, and there would have been a great many more present (who had bought tickets) liad they not been unavoidably prevented from attending. He would ask them to drink Mr. Williams's health iu a cordial manner, as he was about to leave them, and to join with him in expressing his hearty wishes for that gentleman's success in the new field in which lie was about to labour. Band—"For he's a jolly good fellow,'' and " Hurrah" by the company. The Chaiumax endorsed the statements of the previous sneaker, and remarked that Mr. Williams's object had been to buy none but good corn, and to give a fair price for it; and it was due to him to say that his dealings had been manly and honourable in all liis transactions. Mr. Williams, the guest of the evening, in risiug was greeted with repeated bursts of applause. He said he rose with feelings of pleasure and gratitude to acknowledge the compliment and honour tliey had so unsparingly bestowed upon him, and it was difficult to find words to express his feelings. He felt hanpy and proud to sea so many around him. He had no intention when he first arrived there to start as a wheat-buyer; but ou looking round he observed that it was a large wheat-producing country, and that there was no market worili speaking of on the Korth-Eastern road, and the thought occurred to him that he might serve both the interest of the public and himself by affording facility for the disposal of their produce. (Hear, hear.) He might say that this omened weli for his career in the future; for this was the only line of business he had ever started in, or, in colonial phraseology, this was the first time he had been on his own hook—(laughter) —and he should look hack with pride to that time. If all young men similarly circumstanced met with the same encouragement he thought it would furnish them with a fresh stimulus to success. He had been in Victoria and other places, but had never felt so much pleasure in residing there as here; and although lie was going away he should, if he prospered sufficiently to enable him to "settle down," as the saying was, come back to the dis trict—(cheers)—for he had become attached to both the people and the place. (Applause. Now tbat he was going away he would wish success to the district. Eespecting the crops, although they were not looking very well just then, he hoped the rain would reinvigorate them, and they would soon require two or three wheat-buyers. (Cheers.) Mr. Forrest proposed "The Agricultual In terests." With respect to farming, he thought they must try some other method of raising their crops, as he saw they were giving way again in Gumeracha. Knowing that, it behoved every one to use all the means that lay in his power to find out the cause; for he believed it was in the ground, (Hear, hear.) Last year the ground was affected in small patches, hut now much larger. It was ; only the other day, while using a spade at the root of a plant, he -fcund that it was all white like an apple-tree. This was on a black soil. On a red soil he found it was different; add he thought that this was a fact which should have due considera tion when an investigation took place. He hoped some encouragement would be afibrded to those who were desirous of caking Mr. Williams's place. (Hear and applause.) Mr. Thomas Day wished ' to make a little explanation respecting wheat-growing. The cause of the rust, he thought, might be traced to the circumstance that the soil in Gumeracha was really worked out. (No.) In the first place, he observed that where the soil had been worked for a long period just ,the same results as those men tioned followed, hut in rich soil it was different. Although he was out of place, he liked to give expression to his view on so important a subject. He had seen soil worked that was only two inches thick. Mr. Dawson; Jim., said, although he did not | wish to give rise to a discussion on the matter, he would point the last speaker to some land only just behind the church, which liad.grown but two. crops, and where the same rust was visible. Mr. Dicker returned them his thanks for drinking the last toast so heartily. He had been connected with the agricultural interests for 40 years, and he had eight or ten acres of good land affected in the manner described. He thought it was the grub in the bottom of the soiL (Hear, near.) So much for a good bit of ground. This was bis opinion, and he was an agriculturist of 40 years' , standing—not by theory, but practice. Af ter a fe w further remarks, he concluded by repeating his thanks to the company. The Chairman thought Mr. Dicker had gone nearer to the root of it as be had evidently found it was the root. (Laughter.) A Voice—"Yes; the root of all evil." (Laughter.) Mr. Creed gave "The Interests of Gumeracha." That horrible ghost—(a Voice—" Which?')--the interests of Gumeracha had been haunting him for some time past, and he should have to reiterate what be had said on a former occasion where there were only two or three people to respond to it. ex- ; cepting "our own correspondent." They were just pufSng up their worthy selves in drinking to the toast with regard to Gumeracha. He pointed to the new buildings which were being erected, to the two cuttings, and to the roads, to show they had progressed greatly in a social position, and leaving out wheat-buying, it spoke highly of the district to have Its fnst.tute if nothing else. Kegarding the failure in the crops, he differed from Mr. T. Day, aud mentioned a fact which had come under ins own knowledge, to the effect that in two spades of soil casually token up 15 grubs, well armed with legs, &c.;, were found. He did not set this up as a theory; but would not the use of the roller crush them! (Hear, bear.) According to Mr. Dawson's view, the cause was like that of the apple blight; but they were diverging too much. (Hear, near.) He was speaking of their institute, of their chapels and churches, &c.;, as indications of their progress, but they must not forget their wheat market 'No and Hear, hear.) Then there was the fair—the great affair in which they were going to make a market of their own produce—(Hear, hear)-aud not be dependent on any particular buyer. (Applause.) Mr. DAT E. responded in a brief and suitable manner, and referred to t he Gumeracha Fair as being of great interest to ail concerned, and which he hoped would be a successful stunning af-f&ir.; (Langnter.) Mr. Andrew Tornbuli. briefly proposed "The ladies," which was acknowledged by Mr. Lewis. Mt. Oreedgave "The Visitors," observing that some of them had come about 18 miles to parti cipate in the evening's enjoyment, and to do honour to their worthy guest. • Mr. Howard suitably proposed "The Chair man," who appropriately responded. "The Vice-Chainnan'E Health" havingbeen pro posed and responded to, "The Hostess" was given by the Chairman. : Mr. Soar proposed "The Press," .which was acknowledged by Mr. J. Bansgkove on behalf of this journal, and by Mr. T. McCaebon for the Advertiser. The tables were now cleared, and after a short interval the merry votaries of Terpsichore, among whom were "the old, the young, the matron, and the maid," disported themselves with untiring energy until Phoebus peeping o'er the adjacent hills warned them to take their departure. 