ITEMS: OF. ftjgWS, It is notified in the Government Gazette of Tuesday, that John Farran, Esq., having been appointed by the Commissioners of Savings : Banks in the colony of Victoria to be the auditor of the Savings Bank at Castlemaine, will attend at the office or tne said oavings rSanklor tne purpose of inspecting and verifying the hooks of depositors, on the undermentioned days, from ten o'clock in the forenoon till three o'clock in the ..afternoon or each day, viz :— On Friday, the 8th July,. on Saturday,' the 9.th July, on Mon- Aay,the 11th; JMy rand;. bfr : Tuesday, the 12th July. .- - The adjourned inquest on the body of the un fortunate woman Elizabeth Saunders, who died in the Castlemaine Hospital from the effect of burns received in Her breast on Sunday last, was held before Dr Preshaw, yesterday afternoon. The melancholy fate of the poor woman has excited much sympathy in Castlemaine and the imme diate neighborhood, and no little interest was manifested in the result of the inquiry. The doors of the hospital wero besieged by a large number of persons anxious to bear the proceed ings, but as they were conducted in a room some what limited, few were able to gain admission. As the case has excited so much interest, we give the further evidence in full : — Win Greenwrod deposed— I am a miner, and live at Yapeen. On Sunday afternoon I was walking about, and about three o'clock p.m., I saw a man on horse back, who called out that a bouse was on fire. I went up and saw the bouse in which Mrs Sanders (deceased) lived, on fire. I saw smoke coming out at the windows, aud the door open. I saw the deceased sitting outside, and Cusack and Einnear also. The woman was burned. Cusack was very drunk, and I think the other man, Einnear, was drunk too, but I cannot speak as to the deceased. I assisted to put the fire out. The room which was the woman's bed room was not on fire. 1 put clothes on the deceased, and saw her into the house, and left her there until the police came. I think, from the appearance of the place, the fire originated from the fire-place. Mr James Hutchinson, resident surgeon, gave the following important evidence : — When I saw the deceased I asked her how the fire took place. She said " It was an accident." Afterwards she said "If I must tell the truth, it was Andrew that did it." She was weak, but sensible. The jury having heard this evidence, recorded a verdict' that the de ceased died from the shock to her system, and other injuries from fire, whilst in a state of in toxication ; but as to the origin of the fire which burned the house and caused her death, there is not sufficient clear evidence to show. The Yolunteer Band went through a well- selected programme in the Market Hall last eve ning. The pieces were executed with a skill highly creditable to the members of the band and the conductor. The compositions were chiefly from the works of Donizetti, Marriot, C. Ereutzer, Blockley, Mozart, and Clarke. We observe that the promised Amateur Dra matic Performance of the GoldenPoint Club, for the benefit of the Chewton Band, is fixed for the i 20th inst. The same pieces as those lately per- ; formed at Golden Point are chosen for the qc- i casion, with a slight difference in the caste. It j is hoped that the performance will as fully carry j out the object in view, as the one at Golden | Point for another purpose. The success of the , performance will be a contrast to the non-fulfified pledge of the Chewton Club. Cattle and Co., in Golden Gully, working Cattle's Reef in their new shaft, have, near the surface, cut a large body of quartz. Some speci mens of extraordinary richness have been ob tained. One is particularly noticeable, being two pieces of quartz held together by gold, and capable of being bent in any direction. It has been previously attempted to detract from the character of Cattle's Reef. We have additional reason for believing that our contradicted state ments were correct, at all events one of the party says that the last fortnight's work gave £20 per man to the party of five men, clear of expenses. This fact must act as a strong stimu lus to those forming a company for working the adjoining claim. A correspondent informs us that a meeting of the trustees and members of the Taradale Church was held in the vestry on Tuesday morn ing, the 7th instant, when an addfess, highly illuminated, neatly engrossed, and numerously signed, was presented to the Rev. J. S. Low, prior to his removal to St. Eilda. T. D. Si. Heron, Esq., P.M., was chosen to present the address. In doing so, he stated that on behalf of himself, his co-trustees, the members of the congregation, and the numerous friends of the rev. gentleman, he presented this small token of esteem with mingled feelings of pleasure and regret. With pleasure, remembering the Tast amount of good that had resulted to this locality from the unwearied labors and zeal of the Rev. Mr Low. He rejoiced that their esteemed minister would leave behind him many, tangible proofs of his earnest devotedness to the interests of the parish ; the noble edifice they were now met in would testify this fact in. ages to come; But he deeply regretted the departure of one they so dearly loved ; one who, by his kind and affectionate deportment, had entwined himself around hearts ; and could assure him that he takes with him the best wishes of, not only his congregation, but of the public generally, for the future welfare of Mrs Low and himself. The address was as follows To the Rev. J. S. Low. — Dear Sir,— We cannot allow you to depart from .amongst us without conveying to you the feeling of reverence and love we enter- tain for you as our pastor and friend, und as members of your church, to testify to the Chris tian zeal'you have at all times evinced- for the furtherance of religion andtruepiety amongstus ; and to assure you of the deep debt of gratitude we owe for the untiring energy you have dis played in -raising anongst us so noble an edifice for Divine Worship, and with which your name "will ever be associated with, feelings of the pro- foundest:Teneration. With best wishes for the happinessiof Mrs -Low, yourself, and members of your faffiilv, we remain, dear Sir, yours very faithfftlly/ f. Dii S. Heron, P.M., G. B. Berry, Mayor, arid a host of other . names." Mr Low, on receiving the . address, with deep feeling rep|i'ed— " ToT.D.iS. Heron, Esq., P.M.; G. B. Berry, Esq.," Mayor, and other gentleman and friend who have kindly presented me with this address, I feel this tp .be a new mark of your affection, and consider this a fit time to remark that your conduct- towards me since I have been amongst you has-ever been character ised by kindness, and if the Church we are now. assembled in be an evidence of my zeal it is also an evidence of your munificence and kind co-operation. Gentlemen, on behalf of Mrs , Lowe and myself, I sincerely thank you." Mr Low leaves the district universally respected by all Christian denominations, all admiring his Catholic and philanthropic spirit.1 ' L The - traffic returns of the - Y ictorian railway s, for the week ending June 2, show the total receipts: to have been £S,765, 12s<lld. This is an increase of £378 9s 8d on ithe' previous week. The receipts.are made up. of the; following items : r— Passengers (18,973) £3,715 4s 6d; parcels and live stock, £311 los Sd; merchandise;4£4,738:. 12s 9d., The increase upon the carriage of mer- ichahdise has Eeen'£10'3>4s 9d';' ,4 . The Melbourn'e correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser writes :— A serious .dispute has' arisen between the Melbourne Railway Company and Mr Johnston, the lessee of their refreshment rooms. Mr J ohnston, it appears has fallen into pecuniary difficulties, and a complicated series of arrangements has resulted in the desire of the company to procure a new tenant. An attempt was made to eject Mr Johnston, and he persisted in holding his ground, whereupon the company sued him as a " trespasser." After a "long and patient hearing," the Bench dismissed the case, apparently on the ground that the complaint ought to have been brought forward under what is called " Brewster's Act." : -; At a meeting of the Geelong Yine-growers'1 Association a bottle of burgundy, made from the black cluster grape, was produced, which'- had gone through the ordeal of fire. The bottle; was taken from a case, the wood and straw pf which was nearly all charred, and in which several bottles had burst, from the heat at the late fire at the stores of M. Pastalaque, in . James- street, and it was supposed the wine it? contained must have nearly reached the boiling- point. . On the bottle being opened and the wine poured out, it was found to be in splendid condition, with a delicious bouquet, and not a particle of sediment was observable. . Some gentlemen Who had tasted the same kind of wine previous to the fire, felt no hesitation in saying that it was much improved by the singular ordeal through which it had passed. The circumstance led to the expression of" a de termination on the part of some of the gentle men present to experimentalise on' their wines by fire, and to detail the result at some future meeting of the association. Luminous Fungi are succeeding snake stories as the wonders of the day. A correspondent of the Dunolly Express lias seen some near Moliagul which "resembled gigantic fiery mushrooms." By the Alhambra, which reached Hobson's Bay, on Tuesday morning, we have our Dunedin files to the 30th ult. The Alhambra also brings papers from Invercargill to the 30th, Lyttleton to the 24th, and Wellington to the 23rd ult. /We observe from these journals that the rush to Pieton is oyer. The River Pelorus and its tributaries were heavily flooded, nearly all the claims were swamped, prospecting was difficult, and much misery prevailed. The diggers were rushing back to Otago. There seems no doubt that a good summer diggings has been opened on the Pelorus River, but the rush has been overdone. In Otago, the winter liad set in, with hard frost, especially in the Lake district, In Southland, business was very depressed. The railway works were stopped, owing to the poverty of the Government ; and a proposed issue of local debentures, of the character of " greenbacks," had been stopped. The Alham bra has brought 2200 ounces of gold, and 300 passengers. The Talbot Leader has the following anent the late attempted suicide in that town : — A very painful scene was witnessed by a few persons in the Talbot Police Court on Saturday. In our issue of Friday week we gave a few particulars of a somewhat romantic case of attempted suicide which had occurred at Eangaroo Flat on the previous Tuesday, in which it will be remem bered that a miner named Sistrom figured as the delinquent. Having so far recovered from the effect of the wounds as to be discharged from the Amherst hospital, he was brought up to the Talbot Police Court on Saturday, and charged - with attempting to commit suicide. The evi dence having been taken by Mr Crespigny, P.M., the worthy magistrate committed the prisoner to take his trial at the next General Sessions held at Talbot. Mrs Sistrom, who throughout the hearing of the cose had exhibited signs of weak- ness, no sooner heard the decision of the magis trate than she fell forward in a fainting fit. The usual restoratives were applied, and she slowly : recovered consciousness, but appeared to be very weak. Having been led into the open air she was accommodated with a chair, but it was some time before she was sufficiently recovered tp leavpjhe precincts of the Court unaided, i The whaling establishment at Portland is not yet organised for the fishing season, but judging from appearances, the whalers this year will have warm work. Some weeks ago three whales were observed within the lighthouse reel, and on Thursdar afternoon a whale of immense size paid the bay a visit, and in his journey came closeeno-;igh,if any way sharp sighted, to inspect the architecture of the new Jetty. _ Having satisfied his curiosity apparently in this respect, he swept north until coming to the reefs near which the buoy is placed directly opposite the North Bluff, he amused himself for some time with an occasional spurt and roll, the latter pro bably to clear his back of the barnacles, the former to show his satisfaction when more , than ordinarily successful. Whilst amusing himself at the buoy, two boats, a whaler and a "pick-up were manned with volunteers, and an exciting three hours' chase ensued, which is thus de scribed in the local journal : — The whale first directed his (her) course to the Narawong coast, then swept round the bay westward, keeping well in shore, the boats following as quickly as about" a dozen sturdy roA'ers could propel them, whilst the coast line jetty, and every high point of vantage, was lined with excited people, who viewed the sport evidently with as much zest as if it had been a horse race. The excitement in tensified as the monster, in his return journey, neared the Whalers' Bluff, and the betting was about even, the odds rather in favor of the whale —some said the boat, others swore the whale would have the best of it, and for some minutes the race was nearly neck and neck, probably not more than twenty yards between the competitors, but the whale had the lead, and from this point maintained his advantage. He swept once more past the new Jetty, and for this time at least, bid his disappointed pursuers farewell. The whale boat on her return, is said to have been half filled with water, and this probably retarded her progress, and aided the escape of the mon ster. It is affirmed, that more whale feed is now along the coast line of the Bay than has been seen for the past six years."— Geelong Advertiser. The following notiee in' the Gazette of Tues day night will probably have interest for many persons besides those particularly alluded to in it, as some of the licensees under the 47th clause "of t-he( Land; Act will -find themselves unplea santly situafed-if the state of their holdings is closely looked into : — " The Governor in Coun cil, by order made on the 23rd day of May, 1864, has revoked and cancelled a previous order of the 31st of December, 1862, approving pf the issue of leases under the 47 th section of the Land Act, 1862, to Samuel Caswell, Michael O'Grady, and Edward Woods, for . certain por tions of Crown lands in the parish of Gisborne, those persons having respectively failed to ful fil- and comply "with the conditions upon which such approval nas obtained." The marksmen chosen to represent Castlemaine, at the meeting of /the Victorian Rifle Association, left for Melbourne last evening; As some of them have made high scores at the Castlemaine butts, we have no doubt they will uphold the credit of the corps, .in the contest at Sandridge. Sixteen rifle men have, been chosen, -three of whom are emer gency-men. -c.. . . : , The Eyneton Agricultural Aspciation.haye de- cided oh haying only one ploughing njatch.this year. It is is to,; be held on Wednesday, the? 22nd inst. Gardiner has_been committed for trial for rob bing Horsington. . ? i ? Tfie f ollpwihg; audacious robbery is mentioned by the Bendigo Advertiser On Monday night the bedroom of' Mr Church, vrho is connected With the Golden Gully Company;1' wa ent,eVed ; by .thieves, while he was asleep, andr his trousers and" watch stolen'.' AVho stole the indispenble' arUcIes is as yet' unknown." ; k. : . ; -I.'; A railway accident would have t taken place near Maimsbury? on Saturday evening Imt Hat the train Sv'as/ spme'what behind time." It seems, ac-, cording to a, contemporary, that the driver of a cart had driven ;oii to the fine in the (dprkhess, "and? misthMug it for the road, was driving-'quietly along, when he was discovered near the viaduct by an as tonished plate-layer. The up-train was then due, and/there was only time to get the horse and cart off the railway before the train arrived. 4 The. following is from the New Zealand Advertiser — " During the late fight between the loyal and rebel natives, the skull of Captain Lloyd is sup posed to have been lost. The history which has been told about this is something horrible. The skull was used as a drinking calabash by the old hags of the iribe, who were using it as a charm, the brains having been previously eaten by Matene, the leader of the fanatical wretches." , This-frenzied fellow-was killed in the fight between the faithful Maoriea and the rebels. . ; «>' OnUSaturdayj evening, between six and -seven o'clock, the inhabitants of Malmsbury were shocked to bear that in their midst a fellow-creature had been burned to death. "It appears,": says the KyEetoa Observer, "that a person living 'in "some of. Mr Tyson's premises went to the shop,, and told Mr Tyson that they thought something must be on fire in the house occupied by Mr "William Hollyman. Mr Tyson van over, and -finding the door locked -forced it open, and as soou as the smoke was suf ficiently cleared off to allow of entry, the horrible fact was discovered that the wife of the proprietor was on fire, and so burned that she died a few- minutes after. Hollyman had gone to the Castle maine market, and Mr Hookey started after him and brought him home. Very great sympathy is felt for Hollyman, as he is much and deservedly respected." Accordiug to the Iuglewood Advertiser, another phase has taken place at the Caledonian Flat /rush, and the claimholders have again a few bright hopes ; whether there is anything tangible about tbem re- ' mains to be seen. / - Wo are requested by circular, from the office of Mr Brough Smyth, to give publicity .to the follow ing announcement :. — The Central Board appointed to watch over the interests of the Aborigines have caused the blankets and shirts issued this year to be made of a peculiar pattern, as hereunder des cribed ; and it is hereby notified that the clothing is issued to the Aborigines for their use and comfort, and still remains the property of the Government, and that no Aboriginal can lawfully sell it, or ex change it for intoxicating liquors. Persons illegal ly fouud. in possession of any of the blankets or shirts issued by the Central Board, will be prose cuted. The usual half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of the Melbourne aud Hobson's Bay Railway Com pany was held on Monday, when the half-yenrly report aud balance-sheet (already published) were presented and adopted. The dividend of ten per cent, is payable from to-day. The following picture of distress is from the Gee- long Advertiser : — At the conclusion of the police court business, on Monday, twenty-one women (with eleven children, mostly infants "in arms) and an old man obtained 2s each, as pecuniary relief, from the poor box. The police magistrate then informed them that he regretted to say the ruouev they would receive would leave the poor box once more empty, aud it would be no use their callino- back until it was replenished. The Ladies' Bene volent Association, lie said, were now iu funds and they had better apply there." ' The Rev. Mr Searle, (who for some months past has been away on leave), has resigned the incumbency of Maldon, and. is starting a free Church of England at Invercargill, independent of the bishop of the diocese. The new Church of England, at Iuglewood will be consecrated on Thursday, nex t. The Veil, the Archdeacon of Castlemaine, will, officiate at the ceremony. The Geelong Advertiser is becoming quite oracular on matters ministerial. On Monday, it held forth as follows " Commercially speaking, a very active inquiry is oil foot as to the policy with which the Government will go to the country upon the land question. The auction system is iu demand but there is some speculation on the leasino- system. Ministers, whilst giving a cue to their supporters as to their future intentions, guard most carefully against committing themselves to any distinct pled -A The Commissioner of Trade aud Customs, it is said is likely to be found in the foremost ranks of'the ' proposers of a liberal policy, and, if all reports are true, is certain to outrun the constable and cause j some little annoyance, if not positive mischief, to his colleagues. Certain of a very formidable op- I positipn in one et the hot beds of democracy, he! iuteims to bid liigbfor popiiltirity,J> i The Age is responsible for the following <7T eveniug a lecture was delivered at the TV Hall by a party advertised as ' William DperailC9 Esq., M. A.' At the close of the lecture and"' a collection to defray expenses had been a the lecturer, while conversing on the platform S the chairman, Cr Jones, and the members f tv. committee, was quietly challenged with beiiw I notorious 'Rev. Mr Crouch,' once aain KpuM / public, W. Uurucy, Esc,., stoutly ?e?u,S' b/ recognition, but it seems speedily made y scarce. As to whether or not the identity w tablished, we have not sufficient information 63' Another item has been added to the hum IV - fatal accidents arising from the absence of a simplest precaution in the conduct of mining, e tions. On Friday evening-at the toSSS the day's work— a man named James Kennedy hauled up, as usual, from the bottom of the slTf? on the claim in which he had been working ? Gibraltar, near Majorca. He reached the aurf .in safety, and in extricating himself from the bimtf? in which he was hoisted up, fell to the ho?? - the shaft— a depth of 160feet— and was killed ontlf spot. He has left a wife and family unprovid ?f for. This melancholy accident furnishes addition proof of the necessity of having lifting traps over al shafts in deep workings. 