ADJOURNED MEETING OF MASTER BAKERS. The meeting of master bakers, adjourned from Thursday evening last, was held at the Norfolk Arms, Rundle-street, on Saturday evening, June 4\. From 20 to 30 members of the trade attended. Mr. J. Calder presided, and explained the objects of the meeting. He wondered how the trade generally had managed for so long a period to get on without coming to some proper under standing. In London and in Edinburgh Bakers' Associations were in existence, and he had no doubt if they should establish one in Adelaide, they would find it to their advantage. The first thing, however, they had to consider that night was the question of "What is fancy bread, and what is not fancy bread?" Mr. F. W. Thomas drew the attention of those present to the decision of the Police Magistrate, and which totally abjured the existence of fancy bread. The ruling of His Worship, argued that they should lower the price of batch bread to the minimum, and charge a halfpenny more for fancy bread. They should establish a union and do this, and then they would be able to protect them- selves from either the ruling of Magistrates or the interference of the Inspectors. He suggested the advisability of weighing all bread sold over the counter. Of course he was aware that this would not be practicable when selling bread in carts. If the public preferred crusty bread, they would not, he thought, object to pay the extra halfpenny. Mr. Bebee did not think Mr. Thomas's remarks held good, as weighing bread over the counter was no protection; for an Inspector could go into a shop and bring them to account for all the loaves not of full weight They knew that sometimes a cottage loaf before a good sound fire would lose as much as four ounces; therefore he was of opinion that they should present a petition, signed by town and country bakers, to the Municipal Council, begging them to define fancy and other bread. Mr. Howitt suggested the appointment of an Inspector to weigh all bread fresh from the oven, and as to the remark that they should reduce batch bread to the last extremity he thought otherwise. Why should they not charge a fair remunerative price ? If they combined they would soon get over their difficulties. The Chairman thought they should get a respectable solicitor to draw up a petition, which should be signed by the master bakers, and be presented to the Council by a deputa tion, who might attend to explain the cus- tomary practice as in London and in Edin burgh. If they did this, he had no doubt the Council, which was composed of intelligent gen- tlemen, would accede to their request. There should be no bread weighed except batch bread, and the Inspector, if one were appointed, might have full liberty to weigh all except fancy bread. Mr. Thomas explained that a resolution of the Council would not be binding on them. They were at present guided by Act No. 10 of 1845, and this, he believed, was now before the Council for the purpose of amendment. The Parliament would have to take action in the matter. And now the next remedy was, how to make fancy bread full weight? Some said it was impossible; but he maintained that it was not. Mr. Volbrecht was in favour of weighing bread to all those who demanded it. If a person were to ask him for a loaf without mention as to its weight, and he gave him one, he held that that person should not have the right of complaint against him ; and as to weighing bread over the counter, why not do it? They had always a quantity of spare bread from the bakehouse. Mr. Bamford saw no remedy under the present ruling of the Police Magistrate, who would not recognise the existence of fancy bread unless it con tained certain ingredients. He suggested that the Parliament should be petitioned. Perhaps it would appoint a Select Committee or something of that kind to enquire into the circumstances of the case, when some of the head bakers might attend to give their experience on the matter. At present they were at everybody's mercy. When an Inspector went into a shop with the view of examining bread he should take not one loaf only, but a dozen loaves, and if he found they were of the average weight of 2 lbs., it would be seen that the baker was not a rogue. Mr. Bamford, in reply to Mr. Bebee. said he believed from Mr. Thomas's remarks that an amended Act was now before the Council. After some further discussion. Mr. Madge gave his views on the subject, and remarked that if the public insisted on full weight, the bakers should give it, and charge a price that would enable them to do so without injury to themselves. He proposed that a Committee of five be appointed to draw up a petition, and that they be empowered to employ a solicitor to assist them in bringing their grievances before the Municipal Council, with the view of having certain remedies and definitions embodied in the amended Act now before the Council. Mr. Bamford seconded. Carried unanimously. . Mr. Scott having related his experience, and reverted to the decision of the Police Magistrate, said there was no fancy bread; it was crusty bread. The question of forming a Master Bakers So ciety was then mooted, and after some discussion it was agreed that it should be fully dealt with at a meeting to be convened by advertisement at some future date, when they might hear of the progress made with regard to the petition. The subject next considered was the raising of the price of bread; and it was ultimately deter mined that it should be raised to 6½d. the 2-lb. loaf, beginning to-day, the general tone of the meeting being that it was required in order to meet extra demand; and with regard to their own secu rity for the present it was suggested that all bread should be weighed. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the business of the meeting. Taming a Porpoise. — Mr. Frank Buckland is making the most desperate efforts to get a live porpoise in the Zoological Gardens, but the creatures are apt to expire a few minutes after their anival at their destination. Mr. Buckland recently received a summons to take charge of a live porpoise at Folkestone, and brought him to London by express train, not in the tauk, because water won't travel express without splashing down the porpoise's blow-hole and choking him. but in a fish-box, with sea-water, and a sponge near. Mr. Buckland gave him the most tender attention, dabbing the beast 8 nose and body with a wet sponge all up the line. Ine porpoise appeared to like the fast travelling except in the tunnels, when the steam and smoke made him snap and sneeie, and probably induced, in his weak state, a serious diphtheritic affection of the throat; for when he arrived he could not swallow, and Mr. Frank Buckland kindly assisted him by poking a herring whole down his throat the porpoise; rejected it, and then pave up the ghost. We do not wonder. If Mr. Buckland, in a weak state, were treated for diphtheria by having a mutton chop thrust bodily down his throat, he would probably act like the porpoise, or else die of the subsequent nightmare. We would suggest that the porpoise should be towed round the oast and up the Thames in any future attempt of the kind. They clearly don't appreciate railways and tunnels,— Spectator. 