CONTINENTAL NEWS. FROM ovn PARIS connBsroNDBKT, i Paris, May 3. WHIM to« Conference is at a stand-still, the Postans ara ««"dlvestabllsbinrr themselves in all the principal towns faYnfJanTibo little Danish army being concentrated in a binder I Flour. Against the overwhelming forces ^ehhavebeen poured into that purely Danish province. inside" lines was clearly out of the question, and I seem to have been issued to the little Danish gam anna to draw northward as the enemy advanced. In this a Tlnrams Frfdorloia, and other points have been Äa^dby'he Danes, and immediately occupied by the Stars As only 4000 men were left in Aleen, it is supposed that the Danes have relinquished all idea of making a stand on that dependency of Schleswig. In regard to the armistice, proposed by the Western Fewer. and supported by Russia and Sweden, it appears that the two German Powers refuse to accept the proposi- tan unless Denmark concerns, not only to allow them a hoW their present positions, but also to raise he blockade of the German ports, which. although the two Powers deny as being effectual, appears to be causing Famous injury to German commerce. We learn that Denmark consents, in case of an armistice, to suspend hostilities both on land and sea ; but demands the maintenance of the blockade during the temporary truce. It is difficult to see how she could demand less; the German Powers insist on holding their conquests on the Continent, and concluding the true on the basis of the air possible, and Denmark is the before dearly justified in demanding that the advantageous position she has assumed at sea should be maintained in like manner. In presence of the determined and unscrupulous hostility of Germany, and under the influence of its very natural distrust of the Conference, the Danish Government seems to have come to a resolution to reserve all the forces of the monarchy for action at sea; thus depriving the invaders of all chance of obtaining fresh successes by land. The struggle, however, would be as hopeless on the ona element as on the other ; as the navy of Denmark can no more cope with that of Austria than Its army can resist the numerical superiority of the German armies. The Danish guns are now known to have been mostly old pieces, with smooth bore and short range, as utterly inferior in quality as in number, to the magnificent artillery of the Invaders and when this inferiority is taken into account, it seems incredible that an army so inferior in numbers, in drill, and in weapons, should have been able to hold its invaders so long at bay, and to force them, by its indomitable resolution, to purchase their ignoble laurels so dearly. It is even probable that, had the Prussians known how inferior were the guns and other equipments of their gallant little adversary, they would have spent less time in making sure of their success. The Danish navy, though large in proportion to the resources of the kingdom, is utterly insufficient to cope with the naval forces that the two Powers are | bringing into the North Sea. The Austrian line-of-battle ship KaiBBi ninety guns, the frigate Frederico and the corvette HmcresB Elizabeth, sailed from Lisbon for the North on the 28th of April ; the ironclad frigate Don Jean Austria, and the gunboat Wall are at Lisbon, preparing to follow ; in the Downs are the frigates Schwarzenberg and Badelzky, and the gunboat Seehund. The Prussian corvette Adler, and the gunboats Blitz and Basilisk, are at Tael and these ships, with the Prussian flotilla now blockaded in Prussian ports, will be strong enough to sweep the Danish flag from the sea. Will Earl Bussell, for- getting the very strong language he made use of, a few weeks since, in regard to the sailing of an Austrian fleet for the Baltic again. eat the leek " as quietly as he has done in regard to the doings of the Allies in the Duchies and in Denmark Proper of The Poles are continuing their heroic struggle, though Austria is giving up the refugees who cross her frontiers, and the unhappy people, SO blind to the charms of an alien rule, are being transported by hundreds and thousands to Siberia, while their leaders are being shot down or hung by Mouravieff and his instruments as fast as they fall into Russian hands. Count Forzach has resigned his post as Chancellor of Hungary, and Count Zichy has been appointed to the Chancellorship, in the hope that he may be able to improve the state of feeling between the hostile province and the Empire, and induce the Hungarians to consent to be represented in the Imperial Reichsrath. The Emperor of Russia, in closing the Diet of Finland, has addressed to his faithful Finns, whose desire to forego their enforced allegiance must be pretty well known to him, a rescript whose bitter-sweet tone forms a curious commen- tary on the Imperial affection and provincial loyalty, whose existence it so explicitly declared. The Finns are assured that they are ten times better off as a portion of the great Russian Empire than they could be under any other dispensation; are told that Russia fully understands their affectionate loyalty, and loves them heartily In return; moreover, that the paternal arm of the Emperor will always be ready to interpose between his beloved Finnish subjects and any nefarious attempt to send their onion with Russia, and to preserve to them all the ineffable blessings which this " indissoluble union " has already and will for ever be the means of secur- ing to them. In conclusion, the Emperor tells them he shall convoke them again three years hence. The Russian arms seem to have succeeded in conquering Circassia. After the long and arduous struggle of the brave mountaineers to maintain their independence, the "Ubjkee-the last" tribe able to make a stand against the invader have just undergone a crushing defeat. When told by the Russian General that they were Insane to think of coping " with a Power whose bayonets, if the sky fall, were numerous enough to hold it upon were points," the Circassians replied, " You are too haughty In speaking thus. England is the strongest Power on earth, and England will not let us fall under your away." Their deputation, sent to London eighteen months ago, to offer their country to Queen Victoria, was allowed to return as it had come. No help was given ; possibly none could be given, and now the end has come. Bat the Circassians, though unable to keep the Russians out of their fastnesses, are determined not to submit to the foe, and are crowding to the shores of the Black Sea, and entreating Turkey to open her arms and take them in Russia is probably not sorry to see herself spared the work of transporting; a hostile population; and Turkey seems willing enough to receive new subjects into her thinly-populated realms. But the material adjuncts of such an exodus are not ready, and the position of the Circassians is by no means an easy one. Prince China's new Electoral Bill is received with enthusiasm in the Principalities, Its provisions are extremely liberal, giving universal suffrage, and declaring the eligibility of all citizens, without any property qualification. The measure is ex peo ted to prove equally fatal to Russian and to Austrian influence in the rich and fertile regions for whose possession their two powerful and unscrupulous neighbours have so long been intriguing. Prince Conza is understood to count on the goodwill of France and England, and even on that of the Porte, In his determination to weld the United Princi- palities into an autonomous unity, independent both of Russia and of Austria. The Emperor of Mexico bestowed the Grand Cross of the Order of Our Lady of Guadaloupe on Antonelli, and gave the Knighthood of that Order to Merode and a number of the other Cardinals, during his two days stay in Rome. At the interview between the new sovereign, the Pope, and the only son of the brigand chief of Sonnino, the latter dexterously mooted the question of a concordat between the Empire and the See of Rome. To this rather ticklish pro Cilion the new Emperor replied, that he did not feel at all to take so important a step until he had made himself acquainted with the dealings and wishes of his people, so as to be able to judge what course of action would best tend to promote their interests and happiness. How the ambitious and unscrupulous Cardinal received this reply, we are not informed. The Pope, at a recent Con- history spoke in very strong terms of the " cruel violence " being wreaked on a Catholic nation by a great Northern fewer, and declared that he dared no longer be silent on the subject, lest, at the great account, he should be called on to say why he, the shepherd, had failed to raise his voice against the destruction of his sheep. As several royal personages now in Rome, and more or less connected with the Imperial House of Russia, were present at this alloou cution, the Pope's energetic reprehension of the Austro Russian tactics in Poland made a great sensation. A grand dinner, with bits of acting, songs, and speeches, was arranged for the celebration of Shakespeare's birthday, sold Fielding was to preside ; the consuls and principal people of the English and American colonies were to fraternise on the occasion, and Cardinal Talbot, and others of the red-haired conclave, with various Italian artists, and men of letters, had announced their intention of joining in we proceedings, Unfortunately, some hitches occurred ; and the whole affair came to nothing. The Shakespeare celebration at Frankfort was still more unlucky. The returner took place, but not only were the viands greatly deficient in quantity, but some of the Germans present branching off into politics, declared that though they reverenced Shakepeare, they could not abide England, one Jicgiieh Minister retorted somewhat severely ; the American consul tried to make peace, but only increased iürfíí"ftlon and presently Sir A. Malet, the consul, Laundon 50 Bush -d Americans, annoyed at the In 23 It iieo,M08.-lä Bad taste of the Germans, withdrew from the banquet in a body ! It is rumoured that the Abbe Lucien Bonaparte, a second stage of? Dozens, will be the Imperial nominee for the tiara of St. Peter, when the chair becomes vacant. It was. ' snifter other hand>that no member of a reigning ÏA^¥bIato the Papacy, and that an elevation of 5 ZeiTz, Prince would excite more jealousy than that of a, SL ' Bayles brother suffer? 'c-Mr. As Prince Lucien «fililí0'1 in? Blue the Bmporor'sviewa on the propriety seln^Ag.íhelapaIpoJ71rto spirits -afters, snob. 5 with 2.?' in. BomBs difficulty may possibly have commended itself to the Imperial favour. ' «,"?? C6,a.i°al B<íh°P o' Jee'i in the Marches, has been my?! ' actions of his "none, for trying to induce the anceTth" J*<8e of, that town A case -5 oath of alleged! War,^mB?lDg^f Italy's wtaintnghispostsoaa to nee M ift?.*?. tto.wrvfoa of sS indignant well mem lifts rumoured that the seat of the Italian Govern- streets," He t******T* to Naples ; partly with a view to IWy8ÄÄ ,ePre6fl°S of brigandage in the south of ¿SBÍ&.JKÍ r to do to Rome' "a view Of approaching bvrf?Ä\T,Sa years Princes' who is IW be? i 6,40 reside in the principal lex-ospitals. Prince The via, .! noeTeq,aalIy between Naples and Milan. aStotoMÄÍ,?,'fî,,I Cn?T'*«3 have published a "effete »'P'Jfre to the qtp6<too addressed, under date of 23rd November, 1863, by 55. Brorryn de Lhuys, to the British Cabinet, in these words:-'" Can Austria and Italy always remain in presence in a hostile attitude, and always ready to break a truce which suspends the explosion of their sentiments ?" The Venetians reply to this query by mak- in? three others:-" 1. Can Venice resign herself to remaining separated from Italy and subjected to the Empire ? 2, Can Italy tolerate, without danger, and without disgrace, that the Italian provinces situated on the other side of the Mincio should belong to a foreign Government. 3. Is it necessary and urgent that the rule of Austria in Italy should cease ?" The manifesto answers these questions as may be supposed and the paper, though badly written, has produced considerable sensation, both in Italy and at Vienna. Spain is busy modifying her electoral laws, and bringing the Constitution into harmony with that of 1845; also in admiring the Parliamentary eloquence and tactics of the rising young statesman Canovas del Castillo, who, though the younger member of the present Cabinet, may possibly stand at the head of a future one. The Queen held a grand reception the other day, at Aranjuez, in honour of her mother's birthday. Great efforts are being made by the partizans of the Queen mother, to procure her re-admission into Spain. King Leopold is in much better health, and was at a splendid flower show in Brussels, a few days ago, with the Duchess of Brabant. The King of Wurtemberg is rather better. Prince Alfred is travelling in Germany. The hereditary Grand-duke of Russia, affianced to Princess Dagmar, is visiting King Christian at Copenhagen. The young King of Greece does not seem to find his post an easy one, though he himself is popular with his new subjects. M. Barbi, a Moderate, is trying to form a Cabinet, but finds the task a difficult one. The Tunisians have revolted against their Boy, an enlightened and humane administrator, who is trying to get the State into shape, and to provide himself, by means of a light tax, equally distributed, with a working exchequer. The Tunisians declare that no true believer can be taxed, and that the public lands must be provided by taxing the infidels conquered by the Rev. Such a field for taxation, existing only in their angry imaginations, a general rising seems imminent, and England, France, and Italy are send- ing vessels in all haste to Tunis to protect their subjects in case of need. While writing the above, it is officially stated that Prussia offers, if Denmark will raise the blockade, to restore the vessels she has captured, and evacuate Alsen, to withdraw from Jutland, and waive the demand for war contributions in that Province, The answer of Denmark to this proposition is not known ; but we learn by telegraph that, although no fighting has taken place within the last few days, the allies are still marching northward, and occupying successively the principal towns. The English fleet has been assembled at the Downs, and it has been stated in Parliament that the ships will be ready to sail for any destination in a few days. But all Europe Is asking what will an English fleet do in the Baltic at this late hour?" and predict that Austria, inter- related by Earl Russell as to her " intentions," will return some answer that the noble lord will declare to be " satisfactory." Prince Frederic of Hesse- Cassel has notified to the Powers that if the treaty of 1852 be not maintained, he shall bring forward his rights to the Duchy of Holstein ; while the Grand Duke of Baden Is sending despatches to all the German States, and to the other Courts, urging the claims of the Duke of Augustenburg. The eminent composer, Giacomo Meyerbeer, has just died in this city very suddenly of an inflammatory attack. Tuesday, May 10. The prolongation of the Legislative Session had delayed the departure of the Court for the country, The gay world is thus enjoying an unusual extension of the season, which generally finishes in this city early in April. Every one seems bent on profiting to the utmost by this unlocked for addition to the usually short " season of Paris and balls, parties, consorts, and dinners are plunging the beau money into a whirlpool of what, in that region, is called " pleasure," but which is really a most fatiguing and ex- hausting sell- infliction of very hard labour. Meantime, the orators of the old parties, who have taken the oath to the Emperor and the Empire with the resolute determina- tion to do all that in them lies to undermine both are making brilliant speeches which, though generally admired as speeches, seem to exercise but little influence on the opinion of the public, which is undoubtedly favourable to the Empire, and especially so to the Emperor. It is satisfactory to see that a party is really beginning to form in this country averse to the restlessness which has so long made France, with all her fine and brilliant qualities, a nuisance and a danger to the rest of Europe. This party begins to admit that the results of stable government, of internal improvement, of orderly liberty, and of practical good sense, as seen in the growing prosperity and content ment of Great Britain, are worthy the attention and the emulation of France. Unfortunately, the leaven of party strife is still working in too large a portion of the French mind; and the brilliant attacks of M. Thiers, M. Garnier Pages, M. Pelletier, and other lights of the people, fail to tell on the convictions of the public, or on the actions of the Government. Parliamentary opposition fail of their effect alike on the convictions at the public and on the action of the Government, because when M. Thiers criticises the war budgets he dearly cheers that he would not be so eloquent', a fault- finder if the half million of French soldiers were ranged under the banner of the House of Orleans ; when Garnier Pages criticises the strictness with which the police prevents the meetings of clubs he is reminded of certain high- handed proceedings of the Republican Cabinet of which he was a member; and so with the rest of them. Some hoist the White Lily, some the Orleanist Cockade ; others the banner of the Republic. None of them enter into anything like a judicious criticism of the effects of the exist- ing regime from an Imperialist point of view, criticising, or suggesting ameliorations, on grounds furnished by the existing constitution. The official defenders 0! the Imperial policy, approved, In the main, by the country and the Chamber, find it easy work to turn the points of these hostile swords, by simply showing that their aim is merely one of hostility to the order of things they have sworn to support. The Academy has just made itself ridiculous by casting so less that ten consecutive votes without reaching to the dignity of an election. Three candidates are in the field, and the votes, thus divided, have failed to yield, for either of the three, the proportional majority required to constitute the election of a new member of the Illustrious conclave. It is impossible for any one who has not had the opportunity of seeing the thing with his own eyes to imagine the amount of importance which is attributed in France, and especially in Paris, to the possession of one of the academic arm- chairs. To be a member of the institute founded by Richelieu seems to be the one darling dream of every literary writer in the country, just as to be a Minister seems to be the pet ambition of every political one, Englishmen, with their more sober appreciation of seven distinctions, can hardly Imagine how intense is this longing in French minds, or how beattie the satisfaction of every fortunate candidate for the coveted honour. Not only does the newly- elected occupant of an academic foot- stool at once assume a tell-tale air of enforced humility, a sort of manner that says so plainly "I'm trying hard not to seem related by my glorious position," which is ten times more expressive of vainglorious satisfaction than would be an honest strut, and a free rather higher in the air than usual ; but every friend and acquaintance of the new academician seems to grow suddenly three inches taller on the strength of the event. For so great is the glory of the academic seat, that it not only lifts its occupant into a demi-god, but throws a dazzle of reflected light upon all who are fortunate enough to be able to include the demi-god among his acquaintance. So absurdly ill-bestowed, however, have been a good many of the famous arm- chairs, that many ludicrous re- membrances have nestled under those venerable pieces of antique furniture. Among others that are much enjoyed by that portion of the public which has not the ghost of a chance of ever being admitted into the Olympian precinct, and who consequently are fond of quizzing the pretensions of those who are within the sacred enclosure, is the little tale (perfectly authentic) which tells how a certain member, who has never written a line in his life, good, bad, or indifferent, has come to hold one of these illustrious chairs. It seams that Mr. who is rich, and given to hospitality, paid for several years, assiduous court to the members of the immortal conclave, quietly contriving to make the acquaintance of every new man among them, as he had already made that of the old ones, and giving them no end of the most delicious little dinners-those delightful little repasts at which about half a dozen picked gourmands sit down together to do appreciating justice to the triumphs of the culinary art. Mr never seemed to think anything of these exquisite dinners, at which each demi-god was flattered so adroitly that no one ever suspected the flattery, and was made to feel that he had conferred a favour on host and hostess by deigning to take his nectar and ambrosia at their table. This sort of thing went on for years, until all the members of the academy had come to look on the hospitable pair M accepted friends. "Poor-!" they would remark ; "itle really a pity he should be such a goose, for he is a thoroughly good creature, and his little dinners are positively delightful." Madame-, who is both handsome and clever, always took a gently patronising tone towards her husband, always attentive and kindly in her manner to him, but making no secret of her perfect appreciation of his little intellectual defects. One day, when an academic arm-chair had just been vacated by a member called away by the inevitable doom. Madame suddenly presented herself at the house of one of the surviving members. "My dear M. de L/ honan the lady, "I have a great favour to beg of you, and I know so well the good- ness of your heart that I am sure I may count on obtain- ing a favourable response to my prayer. I assure you I would not prefer my little petition were I not convinced tnatwhatlamgoingto begot you will not only prove a certain remedy for the infatuation under which my poor husband has so long laboured, but is really the only thing that can vanquish this regrettable hallucination." "Dear Madame,,' replied M. de L-, with evident surprise, " I need not tell you how fully you may command me in regard to anything lying within the compass of my power." " ^ "In that case," InterruEted Madame--, my prayer "canted, for the service I am come to beg is not only within your power, but is one which will tax your kindness only to the extent of one single word." "you excited my curiosity !" cried M. de L-; " the one word, If it depend upon me to speak It, shall certainly no spoken. But to what hallucination, on the part of our good and excellent friend, can you possibly refer ? I never suspected the existence of anything of the kind in him !" Really!" replied the lady. "Why, I supposed that jos, like everyone who, was aware of the one unfortunate fancy of my poor dear husband. she is possessed with the idea that he may possibly be elected a member of the Academy. As nothing can be more pre- posterous than such an idea on his part, I have done my utmost for the sake of sparing him any future disappoint- ment, to show him how utterly impossible it must be for him, who has never written a line in his life, to obtain the votes which alone can carry each on election. But the more I oppose his absurd and regrettable fancy, the more obstinately does he cherish it and I am really becoming apprehensive lest this fancy should degenerate into positive mania. " «. But what can I do to avert so distressing a danger, required the Aoadcmican. .' This is my plan. As an election is about to take place for a successor to the Auteuil left vacant by the death of M. X_1 have come to beg you, when the vote is taken, to inscribe my husband's name on your ticket. As the loss of a single vote will not, probably, materially affect the success of the real candidates, the thing will injure nobody, and my poor good husband, seeing that only a single vote has been recorded in his favour, and that no one else has thought of voting for him, will understand that your vote has been given him simply as a mark of your personal kindness to him, and will renounce an idle dream whose realisation he will feel to be hopeless. " I know my husband," continued the lady, " and I am certain of the success of the experiment." .... M. de L-, who was not a partisan of either of the ostensible candidates, and had a grateful recollection of the scores of delightful dinners of which Madame -- had done the honours with so charming a grace, thought he might as well gratify her by doing her a service for which she was so anxious, and which would cost him so little. So he gave the desired promise, and the lady took her leave, having first expected of him a formal promise that he would religiously keep her secret, and let no one know that she had preferred such a request. When the day for the ballot arrived, M. de L-, as good as his word, recorded his vote for the non-literary giver of dinners, much amused, in his own mind, at the thought of the merriment that would be caused to the other members of the august circle on seeing the name of M-make its appearance so unexpectedly from the urn. But what his stupefaction, and that of the rest of the academy, when the question proclaimed the election of M--- by a unanimous vote ! The clever wife had gone to each member of the Academy, obtained a promise of secresy from each, and had then obtained from each, on the same pretext, the same promise to give his vote to her husband, for the purpose of ridding him of a ridiculous mania-all the members had kept the promise BO cunningly obtained and thus it happened that M-an absolute nonentity as far as intellect or literature are concerned, had the honour, almost without a parallel in the annals of academic voting, of being made a enraged by a unanimous vote ! Wednesday, May li'. The armistice of one month, obtained by Earl Russell with so much trouble from the hostile plenipotentiaries now sitting in London, has been filled with a feeling of relief by all non-German Europe, and even with exultation by the Germans, seeing that Denmark has been brought at last, to give a reluctant consent to the raising of the blockade in the Baltic, which, however incomplete it may have been as regards the Prussian ports, was yet indicating immense injury upon German commerce. What may be the upshot of this partial triumph of thepolioyof the British Cabinet, it is, of course, impossible to foresee. But the non-German public is fain to hope that the desire expressed by the Emperor Napoleon may be fulfilled by the event, and that diplomacy may be able so to turn to account this brief breathing-time as to make the armistice the basis of a lasting peace. The exultation of the Germans, and especially of the Prussians, at the capture of Dippel, seems to have troubled their judgments for with one accord, all parties agree in lauding the action to the skies, as one of the most brilliant feats of arms ever yet performed in historic times and this exaggerated estimate is made in regard to a struggle in which one harassed, worn-out Dane was pitted against four fresh, well-rested Prussians ; while, in regard to guns, the latter were lavishly provided with the most powerful results of modern science, while the Danes had literally nothing worth calling artillery. It is now known that Bishop Mourad, fearing the fury of the populace of Copenhagen, had the cruelty to compel the little Danish army to remain in the positions which every man in them, from the Commander-in-Chief down to the rawest recruit, knew to be simply untenable against the overwhelming odds the Prussians had spent so long a time In accumulating against them. To all the telegrams of the former, informing the Minister of the hourly progress of the invaders, and demanding warrants to draw off the army to Alsen, the Minister returned the same answer, " Dippel must be held at any cost." Thus five thousand Danes have perished like heroes, but with no sort of benefit to their country. But while Germany was ringing with the shouts of triumph, while Marshal Wrangel was laying all Jutland under forced contributions, far heavier, in proportion to the resources of that purely Danish province, than any similar severity recorded in history, carrying off as hostages the municipal authorities and principal personages of the district, and acting as though Prussia were determined to annex all Continental Denmark to her own dominions, the Danish fleet obtained a brilliant victory over that of its enemies. The engagement took place on Monday, the 9th instant, six miles east of Heligoland. On the German side were the Austrian frigates Schwartzenberg and Badeteky, In company with the Prussian gun- boats Adler, Blitz, and Basilisk. The Sohwartzenserg carried 50 guns, and a crew of 510 men ; the Radetsky 30 guns, and 300 men. The gunboats were cased with iron plates 21 inches thick, and carrying from four to six guns each. The two Danish frigates (the Niels J M and the Dagmar) were thus enormously outmatched both in weight of metal and in men; but though the unequal combat lasted but two hours and a quarter, the Schwartzenberg, in flames from stem to stern, was by that time making off in all haste for the English port of Heligoland, followed by her consort, also completely disabled, and the Prussian boats, though uninjured. The Danish ships opposed to this flotilla were the Sac, 42 gun frigate ; Niels June!, and the two 16-gun sloops, Ute Helmsdale and the Dagmar. But as Dippel, defended by old-fashioned, smooth-bore guns, fell before the rifled cannon of the besiegers, so the Austrian frigates, carrying mainly old-fashioned smooth-bore guns, were soon disposed of By the Danes, the superiority of whose rifled cannon, and especially of their gunners, secured them a brilliant victory, after a combat of scarcely more than two hours. Captain Teggetoff, the Austrian commander, carried the Schwartzenberg "well in " between the Niels Juel and the Dagmar, and opened fire with a double broadside, to which, for a couple of minutes, the Danes made no reply. But, in that short time they had recovered from their surprise at this daring proceeding, and speedily showed the old-fashioned Austrian the difference between the old system and the new A shell from the Danish frigate struck the Schwartzenberg close beside one of her heavy smooth-bore, striking down fourteen of the sixteen men serving it. A second shell burst in the canvas of the enemy, and set the whole of the foremast rigging in a blaze. A third shell exploded in the outer chamber of their powder magazine, and set fire to her timbers. These two conflagra- tions disabled her, and she made off in all haste for the English port of Heligoland, with a loss of thirty-one killed and eighty wounded, and blazing from stem to stern. The Radetsky and the Prussian gun-boats are said to have done their best to effect a diversion in favour of the Schwartzenberg ; but the Danes refused to allow their attention to be diverted. They fastened on their prey with the unflinching determination which the British tar owes, no doubt, in great measure to the old Danish blood which has done such good service in the composition of the national humour and that their tactics were sound is proved by the fact that the retreat of the Schwartzenberg was followed by that of the rest of the hostile flotilla. The loss of the Danes does not appear to have been heavy. Curiously enough, this engagement occurred precisely at the time when the Conference was drawing up and signing the agreement to the armistice. Every day brings fresh details from Jutland, showing, in a still more odious light, the enormity of the Prussian ax actions and violence, in that poor, hardworking province, whose sterile soil is only rendered fruitful by the patient labour of its scanty population. It now appears that the towns alone have been forced to contribute 650,000 Prussian dollars, while the forced levies made on the country bring up this large amount to the astounding total of 4 374,009 dollars ! The 700,000 Jutlanders have thus been plundered to the tune of about £1 4s. per head for every man, woman, and child in the province- on exaction such as the most ruthless Gene- rate of the French empire never attempted to extort from any population and this monstrous enormity is perpetrated on a perfectly unarmed and defenceless population, and in a territory with which the Germans are not, by their own statements, at war. The Germans are also declaring that they will accept nothing less than an indemnity of £6,000,000 sterling as the payment, by Denmark, of the coat of the war, one half to be taken by Austria and the other half by Prussia. Earl Russell's affection for Denmark will probably lead him to insist on her yielding this amount, for fear of coarse. " The Danes seem to be coming to a sane appreciation of the practical worth of English sympathy, as expressed by words, by cheers In the House of Commens, and by diplomatic threats, whilst the " gist" has been carefully? taken out beforehand by the express statement that the roar of the lion he, really and truly, only the voice of Bottom the Weaver. They understand that they are left to perish by the bystanders, though surrounded with assurances of their admiration and sympathy, With the "questions of the Rhine, of the mission of " Holy Russia," of Prussia and the North Sea, of Austrian longings going out eastward, may not the present genera- tion have cause to regret the proof that Germany has now given to the world, that the hand of the spoiler may be safely rowed against a weaker power without incurring any stronger opposition than remonstrances on the part of the England whose will was once made to tell for something by an Elizabeth and a Cromwell ? h "4 The other "questions" of Poland, Hungary, Rome, and Venice are rather lost sight of for the moment, except by the parties respectively interested therein; but they are as vivacious and tenacious as ever. The " magnificent " re option given to Garibaldi in England seems to have stimulated both the secret societies and the more eager spirits is the Italian Parliament. Several of the latter have been proposing to vote the necessity of adopting a more active attitude in regard to the completion of the Italian unity ; but the Ministers Minghetti and Mussolini have gently advised patience and a continued application of diplomatic pressure The probable that Napolivin.aiilnntrasPioNorn lives, will not greatly modify his present station ; but it can hardly be doubted that the latter will be radical y changed when the weak but kindly and well-meaning old Pontiff shall have passed away. The outspoken reply of Prince Napoleon to the Italian deputation which waited on him a week ago, to solicit his influence with his Imperial come on behalf of the severed Italian provinces, consisted of a hearty assertion of the famous watchword spoken by the Emperor on entering the peninsUla." Italy must be free from the Alps to the Adriatic I " " until that noble programme is carried out," continued the Prince, "there can be no peace for Europe." Prince Metternich, having been instructed to express to the Emperor the unpleasant feeling excited at Vienna by the remarks of Prince Napoleon, the Emperor made one of his characteristic replies. " I regret," said the Emperor, " the unguarded expressions of which my cousin has made use. But I also believe with him that, until Italy is free, from the MDR to the Adriatic, there can be no lasting peace for Europe. In general European politics little has occurred during the past fortnight to modify the aspect that they were a fortnight ago. . . way..,. In this city public attention has been kept on the stretch by the trial of a certain Dr. Couty de la Pommeralej, a homopathic practitioner, on the charge of poisoning, first his mother-in-law, to get possession of her fortune ; next, of his mistress, to get possession of the very large sums for which he had insured her life. The evidence has shown a cynical indifference on the part of the accused, and in the commission of his hideous crimes, that seems more diabolic than human. The evidence was also SO overwhelmingly conclusive that all the immense skill of his council has failed even to obtain for the murderer the benefit of extenuating circumstances." so easily admitted, in general, by French juries. The horror of the crime itself, perhaps the most dangerous and odious form of murder, In enhanced so enormously when i perpetrated by a physician holding, as he does, the lives of his entire circle of patients in his power-that the public I unanimously, on the subject of his guilt, will hail with satisfaction the sentence of death by the guillotine which was yesterday pronounced upon the prisoner, in accordance with the unanimous declaration of the jury. Thursday, May 26. The presence of the Saxon Minister in this city is supposed to indicate a desire on the part of the Diet (which body the warlike Statesman represents in the Conference to bring the Emperor Napoleon over to the views of his constituents on the disposal of the two Duchies. The great German Powers appear to demand the union of the two duchies and their autonomy as a single German State, absolutely and for ever separated from Denmark. Prussia is believed to have hoped to accomplish their annexation, pure and simple, to her own dominions and the tone of the Prussian journals, together with the broad cast sowing over the length and breadth of the Duchies by Prussian agents of a pamphlet setting forth the enormous benefits that would accrue to these territories from absorp- tion into the domain of their powerful neighbour, are certainly calculated to lead to this conclusion. But the King is understood to have shrank from adopting the aggrandising policy of M. "Van Bismark, and the Conservative portion of the Prussian Press applauds as patriotic and wise the royal reserve. "Have not all right-minded people inveighed against the iniquitous annexations of Victor Emmanuel," cries that bigotted Feudalism the Kreuz Zeitung, and shall Prussia imitate such atrocities?" Austria also has no disposition to see Prussia aggrandise France in such case might think it only fair to push her frontiers to the Rhine. It is therefore pretty certain that, whatever be the fate of the Duchies, they will not be actually absorbed by Prussia. The solution most in favour among the non-German public seems to be that which would give Holstein to Germany, and the whole or three fourths of Schleswig to Denmark. England insists on the maintenance of the integrity of Denmark, but must abandon this resistance, as the Conference has agreed to regard the treaty of London as abrogated by events. France, and a large party in Germany, considers that the Duchies ought to be consulted ; the former suggesting that each Duchy should vote separately, and on its own future only, while the latter demands that the two should vote in common, and the voice of the total majority decide the fate of the two as a single country. France objects to this assump- tion of a state of union as already existing between the two and Baron von Beust is believed to be doing his best to bring her, in the person of her representative sovereign, over to the other view, as held by the Diet. The Crown Prince of Prussia is an ardent partisan of the claims of the Duke of Augustenburg and the King of Prussia, could he settle the question at his own free will, would probably hand the two duchies over to him. Meantime, deputations with petitions are waiting on the Duke, on King William, on Francis Joseph, the Diet, and on Lord Russell, all having for object to pray the Powers that be to settle the affair in accordance with the views of the petitioners, these views being of course, by no means identical in all cases. All the potentates thus addressed, with the exception of Earl Russell, have returned guarded i answers, promising to their utmost to ensure the happiness and independence of the Duchies, but remaining silent as to the nature of the settlement. Earl Russell has simply declined to receive the deputation (which, coming from no authorised and recognised Power, he could only have received in an unofficial manner and advised it to address itself to Baron von Boost, as the representative of the Diet. Addresses of loyalty to King Christian, and entreaties to be allowed to remain under the liberal! sceptre of Denmark, have not been wanting; and as they have been got up In spite of the presence of the enemy in the Duchies, it is difficult to doubt that they are spontaneous and sincere. One great difficulty in the way of the solution SO greatly desired by all Europe, is the fact that the Danes and Germans are so mixed up in Schleswig, that it is really very difficult to ascertain which nationality has the majority. France appears to wish that the people of both duchies should be called on to express their views, by apUbiscitum, the German armies to be withdrawn meantime, and the values to be temporarily administered either by the local authorities, or by commissioners deputed for that purpose by the neutral Powers. The Duke of Augustenburg has written to Earl Russell, offering to retire from the duchies during the accomplishment of this programme, if accepted by the Conference. The reality and gravity of the changes accomplished, not only in the matter of European frontiers, but in the average tendency of political theories, by the bold innovations of the Emperor Napoleon, have been made strikingly manifest in the progress of this tedious and painful crisis of the question of the Duchies." The validity of the right of populations to decide for themselves on the question of their own Government may now be said to be tacitly admitted, even by the friends of the past, who would gladly dispute the unwel- come proposition iltheyoould. Even Austria, hampered by her tenacious hold on Hungary, Italy, and Poland, | Russia, greedily seizing on country after country, and Prussia, burning with ambitious desires of territorial | aggrandisement, are fain to admit, more or less distinctly, that the imposition on the Duchies of arrangements made in opposition to the prevailing sympathies and wishes of the inhabitants, would not tend to the security of the future of Europe. England, the first to claim and exercise this right, while admitting its validity in the case of a large nationality, hesitates to admit that it can be applicable in the case of mere provincial districts and it must be admitted by the most determined upholders of national rights, that the indefinite extension of the claim to self-government I would present insuperable praotioal.diffîouUiea. If every discontented province or county is at liberty to shake off the unwelcome connection with the common- wealth of which it forms a part, why may not each rural commune, each city, or town, each ward or parish, each street, and each householder, do the same, batting all un- welcome ties, and setting up each social atom for itself ? But no difficulties of practical application can prevent the ultimate triumph of a social principle and if it be true that the consent of the governed be the only true basis of the governing: power, it is evident that the social organisation will undergo, in process of time, such modifications as will bring it into ultimate harmony with this principle. Mean- time, the conflict between might and right between the old and the new, gives people, rulers, and diplomatists plenty of trouble. The persistence of Prussian exactions and violence In Jutland, during the armistice, has excited general surprise and indignation. Denmark having been compelled, by the pressure of England, to consent to raise the blockade during the suspension of arms, the conduct of Prussia, in continuing to exact during this period contributions of money, food, fodder, and, of unexampled greed, is evidently a monstrous injustice. The indignant comments of the English Parliament on so gross a violation of the spirit of the armistice will, no doubt, lead to the discussion of this point in the Conference. All accounts agree in describing the feeling of the Danes as one of deep disappointment at the treatment they have received from England. But for the public declarations of the two veterans at the head of the British Government, the before pigmy would not have wasted blood and treasure in a struggle whose upshot could not be doubtful. The repeated declarations of Lords Palmerston and Bushell that, in the event of certain outrageous contingencies, Denmark would not be left alone, induced the latter to oppose a bold front to the invaders, believ- ing that the aid of England was forthcoming. The people and army of Denmark do not appear to have accepted the war with any other idea than that of giving time to friendly Powers to come to their help. With a mixed population like that of ina Dochtes, the Danes appear to car order that a merely personal union of those provinces with the Danish Crown would be a greater evil than their entire separation. The two provinces, closely united, having their own joint Parliament, budget, administration, and army, and adherent to Denmark only by the Ducal supremacy of its King, would be so much more nearly united to Germany than to Denmark, that the influence of the Diet would be paramount, and would be think the Danes, a constant cause of perturbation and trouble for the rest of the Monarchy. They appear to prefer relinquishing Holstein and Southern Schleswig altogether, accepting un- disputed possession of Northern Schleswig only, as better than a merely nominal told of the rest of that province and of Holstein. " But in our long and deadly struggle is to issue only in the loss of this considerable portion of our ancient territory argnette Danes awe should have done better to relinquish it without fighting. Had we known, before- hand, that Europe would abandon us when the struggle came, we should not have attempted to wage a ware manifestly unequal. Less than what" we are now to lose would have satisfied Germany, if it had been voluntarily re- linquished before them." every detail that transpires shows the profound grief that weighs on the heart of the brave little country. There is scarely a family that is not worrying- for the, loss of and or more of its members ;- a loss now Mt to have been a simple throwing away of precious lives, heroically given but utterly in vain. But, though fully alive to the stern realities of their petition, the Danes are as calm and un- daunted as at the commencement of the struggle. They are raising a fund for the relief of the wounded and the pensioning of the families of those who have fallen; and this fund is being filled up rapidly and liberally. One would have expected that English sympathy would have come energetically to the help of Denmark in the discharge of this duty ; but the attempt to raise funds in England in aid of the wounded Danes, and the families of the fallen, seams to have come to nothing. The Danes are bitterly incensed against the Prussians, wboeeextortions and insolence seem to have given sufficient cause for this resentment. The Austrians, on the contrary, seem to have conciliated, to a certain extent, the goodwill of the Danes. The Prussians have taken every opportunity of wounding the susceptibilities of the Danes; and their ruffianly destruction of the memorial Lion of Flensburg a will long rankle in the Danish memory. The Austrians, on the contrary, have been civil and considerate and General Gerlaoh's courtesy in leaving uninjured the famous statue of the " Danish Soldier " at Frederica, - a monument as dare to Danish traditionary pride, as the Flensburg Lion-has]greitly pleased the Danes, The insurrection in Algeria seems to be nearly at an end. The death of Marshal Pelissier, Duke of Malakoff, who has filled, for the last few years, the arduous post of Governor General of Algeria, is a great loss to the Emperor, of whom he was a trusted and intimate friend of many years' standing. The Florentines are exerting themselves to induce Ravenna to give them back the remains of their great poet, Dante and the committee charged with the work of erect- ing a statue to him, having discovered that there is still at Verona, a family bearing the poet's family name of ' Alighieri, has addressed to the King a petition praying him to confer the Florentine patriciate, with exemption from taxes, on the members of that illustrious family, and on their male descendants. Fresh batches of brigands have been taken in Naples and Sicily, and several other monster trials (well deserving that appellation, both for the immense number of witnesses to be heard, and the atrocious character of the prisoners) are now going on creating great disgust and scandal by the abundant evidence brought forward in proof of the direct complicity of the Court of Rome in the organization of these bonds of miscreants by the ex-King and his partisans. As for the Pope, his health would seem to be seriously impaired. The official supporters of the Papacy declare his health to be excellent; but his repeated attacks of fever and prostration, and his frequent incapacity of appearing in public, show that those assertions are not correct. Plus IX. now 72, is the youngest surviving son of a family renowned for its longevity. His brothers, Counts Gabriel and Gaetano Maatal, are eighty-four and eighty years of age. His sister, Countess Benign!, is seventy-seven. His father died at eighty-two ; his mother at eighty-four ; his grandfather, Count Hercules Master, at ninety-six. He has a great number of nieces and nephews of the second generation and it is greatly to his honour that none of them have ever cost the State a penny. The memorable visit of Garibaldi to England has terminated in the safe arrival of the hero at Caprera. He declined to land either at Lisbon or Gibraltar, wishing to avoid all demonstrations on the part of his countrymen in those ports. He greatly enjoyed the sail, and was received on his return with the greatest affection by his retainers on the Island. A good dinner was provided by the farmer who manages Garibaldi's island estate; and the Duke of Sutherland seems to have taken his departure the following day. On reaching Naples, the duke, as the friend and host of the man whom Naples all but worships, was the object of the most enthusiastic ovations, and addresses from municipalities, letters from private individuals, and deputations charged to thank him in person for the conspicuous part he has taken in the memorable reception, have been pouring in upon him. He will also be the bearer to that important personage, the Lord Mayor of London, of enthusiastic addresses of thanks to the English people for the honour done to the cause of United Italy in the person of their idolised deliverer. Garibaldi has addressed a note to the Duke of Sutherland, in which he states that, having learned that he has placed himself at the head of a subscription having for its object to secure a sum of money for himself and his children, he began the Duke to let it be made known that it is impossible for him to accept such a gift, though deeply grateful to all who have wished to do him such a kindness. Some little anxiety is felt by the General's friends on the score of his isolated and unprotected position at Caprera, whence it is suggested a band of daring pirates might carry him off. It were to be wished that the commanders of British ships of war in the Mediterranean might be instructed to raise occasionally in the neighbourhood of Caprera. The Queen's forty-fifth birthday was celebrated here by a grand dinner of fifty covers at the Embassy. The elite of the diplomatic world was present, and the affair, dinner, toasts, illuminations, so-, passed off with great eclat. STELLA. 