THE NEWS OF THE DAY.. Parliament will he oponed to-day, at two o'clock by his Excellency the Governor, who will be oscorted from the Government ofiiccs in tho Trea sury buildings by n detachment of tlio metropolitan troop of tlio V. V. Light Horse. The salute usual on such occasions will bo fired from the Artillery Barracks, Prince's Bridge, by a company consisting of members of tho metropolitan and suburban corps. A large number of tickets havo boon issued for tho body nnd galleries of tho Council Chamber, which, if the weather be favorable, will donbtless be crowded as usunl by a fashionablo assemblage of ladios. Tho members of Assembly will meet in theirChamber about half-past ono o'clock, and, preceded by the Speaker in his robes of office, proceed to the Upper Houso to hear tho opening speech. O11 returning, the spcech will bo again read to tho Assembly by the Speaker. Tho address in roply will, wo understand, be moved in tho Council by the hon. J. D. Pinnock,. and seconded by the hon. It. Turnbull ; and, in the Assembly, by Mr Casey, seconded by Mr Thomson. Wo have our files from Otago to the 18th, and; from Auckland to tho 12th inst. General Cameron was prevented from advancing ns rapidly as ho. otherwise would from the want of transport accom modation. A native plot to assassinate him had been discovered and frustrated, and it was reported that threo thousand natives had assembled at tho Upper Waipa, where it was probablo they would make a stand. Extracts from tho local papors will h« found elsewhere. We have files from South Australia to the 23rd inst., but the news is unimportant. Tho mail for ordinary letters, via Southampton and Marseilles, and for newspapers, via Marseilles, closes nt ten o'clock this morning, nnd the supple mentary mail, via Marseilles, closes nt Sandridge at noon. Mr. W. B. Stephens, bookseller, Collins street, will, however, follow tho eourso he has pur sued tho last two mails, and will make up a private letter-bag at his shop up to half-past eleven o'clock, at which time he will forward it to Sandridge to bo in time for the supplementary mail. Ho will also receive letters until a quarter-past one, which he will place on board tho steamer prior to her sailing. We learn that Mr Turner, the Secretary to the Post Office, has written to Mr Stophens, requesting him to discontinue this practice, but Mr Stephens has re fused to do so, since, as he charges no fee for his trouble, he infringes no provision of the Postal Act, aud the making up n bag at that late hour in town is a great accommodation to the public. We understand that another ingenious attempt at smuggling by the Chinese was last week detected, the goods being, as on former occasions, confiscated, tho difi'erenco being that, ii respect to former attempts, the New South Wales Government, in this instance, instead of our own, was intended to have been victimised. Tho circumstauces wero as follow: — An export entry was passed for thirty seven cases of Chinese tobacco, but the Customs officer, having reason from former experience to be jealous of such transactions, insisting on opening and examining the packages, had his zeal rewarded by finding opium neatly packed in the midst of the tobacco in such a manner as to be certain to escape tho notice of a superficial examination. It is ovi dent it was calculated that the goods boing sent from Melbourne, where so many frauds havo already been detected, would bo received at Sydney without any suspicion, but man proposes, &c.; The following extract from a letter received by the present mail, by a gentleman in this city, lias been forwarded to us for publication. It will sot at rest the numerous speculations that havo been in dulged in as to the whereabouts of Mr Porter, whoso connection with tho Provident Institute has made him so notorious. The letter is from the captain of tho ltedan, and is dated Chincha Islands, 24th September : — ' I am annoyed that tho report should have arisen that Mr Porter had absconded in my ship. He left Melbourne five weeks before in an American ship called the Clara, Captain Wolls, commander. I havo written to — — to deny tho statement. I did not know anything respecting Mr Porter's transactions while I was iu Molbourne. Ho came on board my ship the day aftor we arrived at Callao. He looked like a wretched, broken-hearted man. I don't know what I10 is going to do at Callao. He talked of only remaining thero for ono ? month after Mrs Porter arrived.' The hon. W. Nicholson, M.L.A., still continues very ill, there having been but little apparent change either for the better or worse. A deputation, consisting of the committee of the Molbourne City Mission, waited upon the hon. tho Chief Secretary, yesterday, to request that he would create an office of chaplain of tho city court, and give Dr. Milton the appointment, at an adequate salary. Tho application was supported by a review of the services of Dr. Milton, at the city court, for several years past. Mr M'Culloch, after hearing the deputation, said it was an unusual thing to appoint a chaplain to tho city court, as the prisoners were thero for a few hours only. It seemed to him that, however valuable Dr. Milton's labors might bo, it was more a matter for the general public than for the Stato to recognise them, by providing a salary by subscription. Dr. Milton assured the Chief Secretary that, if ho received such an appointment, he could do n great deal of good. He had preached frequently to the prisoners in the watchhouse, and had reclaimed a great many drunkards. He also stated thai he had taken charge of a number of orphans whom ho had maintained nt his own ex pense. Mr M'Culloch said that tho Government intended to introduce, this session, a measure for tho establishment of x'eformatories and industrial schools to provide for destitute children being taken care of. Tho deputation then withdrew. -' Itefering to the enrolement by Colonel Pitt of volunteers for New Zealand, the Castlemaino Daily News says : — ' A most shabby piece of practice, on the part of those who are representing tho New Zea land Government in their efforts to entrap our colo nists, has just come under our notice. Some of the wives, in this district, of those who volunteered for service at the commencement of tho lato war, have ? recently received printed circulars from Colonel Pitt, intimating that their husbands in New Zealand had signed formal requests to tho Government, that, their wives and families hero should be provided with passages to join them and requesting them to go to Melbourne, where they could embark. As not any allusion was made in these circulars of Colonel Pitt, as to whether they (the wives and families of men now in active service in New Zealand) would have their passage mid expenses paid to Mel bourne, letters of inquiry upon tins subject have teen addressed— to ono of which, the Colonel has sent tho following reply ' I am not autho rised to defray tho expenses of your transit from Casllcuiaino to tho wharf.' From thin it may bo judged what kind of treatment Victorians ?who volunteer as military settlers may expect from the New Zealand Government. Colonel Pitt is au tliorised of courso now to pay the passages of tho wives and families of tlioso who enlist under this as ono of the inducements held out—and tho cost of transit of tho wives and families of those who eu ? rolled themselves yesterday, and who aro to leave Castlemaino by tho first train on Thursday will bo cheerfully defrayed-but, forsooth the wives of those ?who have already offered their blood and sinew in tho war and of those who aro without their ' natural protectors' are to have imposed on them the cost of their transit. Colonel Pitt ' is not authorised,' he says, to act in any other way. We fully ondorse most of tho severe language that has boen of late directed against this rascally schome— and predict that, ere long, from the rash manner in which this system of military settlement has beon organised, tho most disastrous consequences will follow to those who may be induced to leave Victoria.' With several unimportant exceptions, tho wholo of tho cases beforo the City Court, yesterday, wero for drunkenness and disorderly conduct, and theso ?were dealt with in the usual summary manner. Among the drunkards were about half a dozen in tending military settlers in New Zealand, who had cashed their advance notes on Saturday, and got drunk on tho proceeds tho same evening. By a letter received from Mi- Walter Craig, by this month's mail, the Star learns that Messrs Spiers and Pond, to whom wo aro indebted for the first visit of tho All-England Eleven, havo succeeded in distancing all competition fcr tho wholo of the re freshment rooms 011 the London, Chatham and Dover Railway, as well as on the Metropolitan Railway. On tho latter, the railway company is now erecting most extensive premises for the firm at Margate and Ramsgato. Messrs Spiers and Pond liavo commenced thoir old Australian business in London on a most extensive scale. / As showing tho ravages committed iu the district by the caterpillars, tho M. A. Mail states that forty acres of oats which last year realised nearly £500, will this year hardly pay tho expense of cutting and fhrpnhinir. The following is a return of tho quantity of land taken up under froe selection during tho past year at tlie land office, Albury. It does not include land sold at auction or land selected under the clauses of the Land Act of 1861 : — Quarter end ing March, 1803, 2131a 2r 32p ; do, Juno, 8553a ; do, Soptember, 2789a Or lp ; do, December, 6091a; total, 19,592a 2r 23p. The quantity of land sold in 1862 amounted to only 6614a lr. Tho sales for 1863 therefore exceed those of tho previous year to the extent of 13,918a lr 33p. The last exploits of Morgan, tho bushranger, are said to be tho sticking up of Mr Ariel, the store keeper, of Corowa, from whom ho took £8 in cash, and complete suits of clothing, underclothes, &c.;, valued in all at £30. Morgan seems to havo two mates, as he took from the cart three of everything. Ho has also taken a very fino Arabian entire horse, belonging to Mr T. Henty. Tlio horse had been purchased for 1000 guineas, and presented to tho Messrs Henty by their agents in India. Ho was celebrated there as a winner. Tho usual weekly meeting of the City Council was held yestorday afternoon. The most interest ing portion of the proceedings was tho reading of an autograph letter from his Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, lato Governor of this colony, addressed to Mr Edward Cohen, the ex-mayor of this city, acknowledging the receipt of an ongrossod copy of tho address presented 'to him by the corporation of Molbourne, before his. departure from Melbourne. His Excelloncy promised, in the event of receiving a favorable report of his portrait, which Mr Clarko 'was painting for the Parliament, that a copy of it should be made for the town hall. Tho lottor men tioned that Lady Barkly and himself liked the Mauritius very much, and it concluded with tho assurance that thoy should nover forget the pleasant days they passed in Victoria, and the many friends uioy mm lull. Liiuic. xujmuuta lu mu uuiuul« ui £26 i 2s 2d were ordered. The resignation of Cr. Lyons was accepted upon payment of tho usual penalty of ls. There were twenty-six applications for appointment as city valuators, and tho following six were. elected : — Messrs Phair, Morrow, Morris, Johnston, Hartwoll aud Galland. £38,000 was fixed as the amount necessary, in addition to the town fund, to defray the expenses of carrying into cffect the provisions of tho several Acts relating to tho corporation. Tho fourth paper in the November number of tho Bankers' Magazine recoived by the mail last week is entitled ' Banking Prospects in Port Phillip.' Tho article is a verbatim reprint of a leader from a Melbourne daily journal. Our London contemporary has, however, committed an error in acknowledging it as from tho ' Melbourne Argus,' instead of from our own leading columns, where it originally ap peared on 26th August last. Tho annnal meeting of the members of tho Mel bourne Mechanics' Institute is convened for this evoning at eight o'clock. At the annual dinner given to the gentlemen in their employ, by the firm of Mossrs W. Watson and Sons, importers, of this city (at the Cuf6 on Satar day evening), opportunity was taken to present Mr Robert Watson (who is about to pay a visit to tho old country) with a testimonial in the shape of a handsomely mounted emu's egg, with an inscription expressive of the high estoem in which ho is held by all in tho employ of tho firm. Full justico having been done to tho collation supplied by Messrs Mallam and King, tlio remainder of tho evening was spent in an exceedingly pleasant manner, and the company separated at an early hour. Wo havo received tho eleventh numbor of tho ' Medical and Surgical Review,' which is now pub lished fortnightly. Tho principal article csntained in it is an elaborate review of Dr. Bird's work on Australian climates. A brigade order, which appears in another co lumn, reminds all candidates for tho position of subaltern officers in tho Victorian Volunteor force, that tho examination for promotion takes place on Wednesday morning next, and that the doors of tho Exhibition Building will bo opened at five minutes beforo sovon o'clock in tho morning, and will be closed at five minutes after. All candidates must also be present in the evening. Doors open at five minutes beforo, and closed at fivo minutes past seven. A young man, named Thomas O'Brien, who is in ?j tho employment of Mr Hyslop, cab proprietor, was | ^ received into tho Melbourne Hospital, on Sunday | wight, suffering from a broken thigh. O'Brien, it I appears, was riding on tho Dandcnong road, when | his horso became uncontrollable, and gallopped off jj at full speed. He attempted to dismount, and in » doing so was thrown with groat forco against the S etump of a tree. Another young man, who wit ,f nosscd the occurrence, quickly procured a dray, and Iliad him convoyed to the Hospital, when it was found ho had sustained the injuries decribed. A meeting of tho mombers of tho Leander Club a was held, iu Marshall's Hotel, yesterday evening, for I the purpose of making arrangement for the rcsump | tion of scratch matches, interrupted by the recent I floods. After somo deliberation, it was arranged | that scratch matches should in future be held on tho 1 first Saturday of overy month ; or, should the wea | ther bo unfavorable on that day, the matches to come off on the following Saturday. The course will be from tho railway bridge to Brandretli's ferry, a distance of about a mile. The races on Saturday | next will bo with four-oared boats. The start for 1 tlie first teat will be at three o'clock, and for the i second at four o'clock. Some pair-oared races will come off during tho month. Considering tho ex pertnoES of the mombers of tho club, these matcln s aro likely to excite a considerable amount of in terest amongst those who take au interest in boat ing. Colonel Pitt, yestorday, l'CBumed tlie enrolment of Now Zealand volunteers at tlio temporary Now Zealand office, at Hockin's Hotel, Elizabeth street 86 single and 32 married men, who intend to take out their families, wero enrolled. So numerous were the applications that upwards of 50 men wero requested to apply again this day. There will bo no further enrolment for the present, after tho 27fh. On the 28th, tlio wives and families of the men already sent out, as also the married men of the last enlistment, are required to assemble at Sandridge, to be embarked in tho ship Thomas Fletcher, chartered for this purpose. We learn that at Croswick, on Friday last, Captain Fraser, acting on behalf of Colonel Pitt, enrolled eighteen single and four married men. A rather serious accident occurred on board the ship Gresham, on Sunday. As a young man named Samuel Orr, ono of tho volunteers for New Zealand, was walking along the deck, his foot coming against the cable, ho lost his equilibrium, and wa3 precipitated down tlio hatchway. He was immediately picked up and his injuries attended to by the medical officer on board. Yesterday morn ing he was conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital, where, on examination, it was found he had sus tained scvero concussion of the spine. No imme diate danger is, however, apprehended. A meeting of the committeo of tho depositors in tho Provident Institute was held in the Mechanics' Institute, yesterday evening, for the purpose of re ceiving propositions from the past and present shareholders, as to a compromise of their liabilities. Our reporter attended, and was informed that the proceedings wero of a strictly private nature. Mr L. L. Smith, M.L.A., was last night ontor tained at a public dinner given him by his con stituents at Clinton's Fletcher's Hotel, Hawthorn, aud was, also, at tho same timo, presented with a handsome silver tea service, in acknowledgment of his past services in tho Legislature. The chair was taken by Mr J. T. Smith, M.L.A., Mayor of Melbourne ; Mr B. G. Davics, M.L.A., with Mr J. Edwards, M.L.A., also took part in tho proceed ings. The address, which accompanied tho pre sentation, spoke in tno most eulogistic terms oi tlio services performed for his constituents by Mr Smith, and expressed the greatest confidence in his future integrity. A report of the proceedings will be found in another column. The production of Professor Pepper's Ghost, of London celebrity, the preparations for which wero lately recorded, drew a tolerably good audience at the Princess's Theatre last evening. Before the curtain was raised, an explanation was given that, in consequence of somo misunderstanding with tho theatrical agont, tho drama, which was expected to have boon played in connection with the ghost, could not bo presented. Tho first illusion produced upon the stage was that of an elegantly-dressed lady, who sang several Btanzas of a ballad. The representa tion was complete aud shown to perfection, and, but for the knowledge that it was a reficction, the observer might have beon deluded into the belief that it was real flesli and blood, more especially as tho noiso seemed to proceed from it, and the lips moved, as giving utterance to the words. Gradually, as tho light was lowered, tho 'llusion grew indistinct, until the bare outline of the figure was alone discernible, and then it altogether vanished. ' In an instant it was again shown as clearly as boforo, and the song was repeated. Several other illusions wero pro duced, and with equal success. Ono fault, however, if it mightbe so called, was apparent in the figures re maining stationary as long as they wero shown ; and, besides, nothing was done to demonstrate their un real character, they being merely produced liko so many pictures. Those defects will, no doubt, bo remedied for the future and, when a dramatic per formance is put forward in connection with tho illusions, the entertainment will be rendered more interesting. Mr G. W. Cosford afterwards made somo experiments in electro- biology upon a number of subjects who volunteered upon tho stage, with nearly the wholo of whom he succeeded admira bly, and kept the audieuce in continual mirth. Tho Ballaarat Evening Post gives tho following, relative to the forthcoming olection for that district : — ' Dr. King has received a numerously Bigned re quisition, but lias refused to give his consent until this evening. A telegram from Mr C. Skarratt bos been received to the effect that Mr C. Kinnear, of Clunes, is going to stand, but the rumor is not authenticated. Mr John Winter, an old resident in this district will be waited on to-morrow, and a uuuiuci UI UOHUUJUUIJ uim una uimmuuu w mama his return, providing his consont is obtained. Mr James Service has beon spoken of, but the now Act provides that the candidate must give his consont, in writing, which, of course, is not in the colony. There could not be two opinions about tlie result, if that gentlemen could be elected. A rumor has also beon afloat that s»me iniluontial merchant from Melbourne was about to solict tho votes of tho elec tors, but in a few days we shall, no doubt, havo tho candidates properly beforo us.' 