DIOCESAK' SYNOD. The tenth annual session of .the Dioceaan Synod was commenced On Monday afternoon,' May 2. The Lord Bishop, a large number of clergymen, and the lay representatives of the various churches assembled at Trinity- Church at -3 o'clock in the afternoon, when the liitanv was read, and the Sacrament of the- Lord's Sapper was administered. His Lordship then delirered the fol lowing pastoral address, which was listened to with deep ' Beverend and Dear Brethren— When I addressed you from this place a twelvemonth ago I could not bat advert to the conflict ofreligions opinion which' was . then .agitating the Mother Church; the limits of whose formularies of faith were said to be transgressed hyjhe bold speculations of some of her clergy and others, lay 'members other com munion. The opinions promulgated with .reference to thei inspiration of Scripture by ministers of the Church taking, - as |t has ever done, the Bible for its supreme rule of faith in ' all things necessary to salvation, seemed, to impose a duty \ on those in authority to take heed that 'the mind -of the; Chnrch ' should be expressed on this momentous . subject. With singular unanimity the Bishops and clergy iu.Convo cation assembled solemnly condemned Colenso, &b; well, as much of the teachings-contained in the works of the' Essays jmd Reviews; ' nor has farther reflection as to the tendency of these writings shaken the conviction eo strongly and snammously expressed. Whether wisely or not, ariattempt was also made to bring the Ecclesiastical Law to bear span two of the writers, being parish .priests. In all criminal suits affecting the character and live lihood of the accused the merciful character of English justice watches with jealous -care the -accuracy of the indictment as well as the clearness of the evidence ; and so much has religion itself and the' world suffered from legalized intolerance, that in religions prosecutions the Court construes narrowly , the language, which constitutes the offence, and places the most favorable construction on the terms which are alleged to be criminal. Our Ecclesias tical Courts have no such function assigned them as to declare what ought to be, according to Scripture, -the doctrine of the Church.- As in the case of the trust-deeds of all religions denominations, the -Court has simply to judge whether the terms of any. such formulary or document have been violated or exceeded. So in the- case of our clergy, the language of the Thirty-nine Articles or other Formularies said to be violated, and the passages of . the writers so offending, are compared together, and construed with legalaccuracy as to their grammatical meaning. Under such a literal process, the tortuous language of contro versial essays bordering on heresy eludes the ' grasp, and thus affords, where 'the tenor and spirit rather than the terms of the teaching are at fault, ample scope for evasion and escape. The fault may exist and yet the crime not be proved. Many a criminal, in like manner, has before sow escaped by flaws in the indictment. Such appears to he the case in the late appeal to the Privy Council from the judgment in the Court of Arches with regard to the Kevs Dr. R. Williams^nd Mr. Wilson. looting at the text «f the judgment itself; my Lords could scarcely have arrived at any other conclusion. The language of the Articles on the one hand, framed in an age when the literaly inspiration of the Scriptures was considered the very keystone of Protestantism, nevertheless does not guard that doctrine with an exact statement and definition, like the Helvetic Confession of 1566. The latter has this as the title of its first Article—' Of Holy Scripture, the very Word of God,' and then goes on thus:— 'We believe and confess the canonical Scriptures of the holy prophets and apostles of either Testament to be the true word itself of God, and to have their own sufficient authority from themselves, and not from men; for God himself spake to the fathers, the prophets, and apostles, and still speaks to us through the Holy Scriptures.' &c.; ' My Lords therefore construing the language of the Articles and other Formularies in their strictest literal sense, as in the case of a penal enactment, arrived at this conclusion :— The proposition or assertion that every part of the Scriptures was written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit is not to be found either in the Articles or in any of the formularies of the Church.' [Note— It is fair to state respecting Dr. B. Williams, that his own words as quoted do not bear out the accusation. On the contrary he seems to affirm 'that the Bible is inspired, because the Holy Spirit dwelt on the writers of it, and in the church per petually.'] They do not clearly predicate of every statement or representation in every part of the Old and New Testa ment that it is written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, and therefore the Word of God; and on these grounds Messrs. Williams and Wilson were acquitted, and, we may add, Luther, the great reformer, himself. In this part of the judgment the Archbishops of Canterbury and York did not concur, and it is diffi cult for those who have prayed the words, ' Blessed Lord, who hast caused all Holy Scriptures to be written for our learning,' to accept from the Privy Council as the mind, if it be the law of the Church, that there are portions of the Canonical Scriptures caused by God to be written for our learning, yet not written under the inspiration of the Spirit, and consequently possessing- no higher authority than the Apocryphal Books. The distinction drawn between the Canonical and the Apocryphal Books in the 6th. Article would seem adverse to the view of the lay Lords of the Judicial Committee. Perhaps error in this important sub ject has arisen from confounding ths re velation.of unknown spiritual truth superintending the- sacred writers and in spiration. What could not have otherwise been known was directly revealed and dictated to their minds ; and such re vealed troth, as well as whatever they might otherwise have known 'necessary for our learning.' they wrote down under the superintending inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Thus every Scripture, or the' whole Scripture, as St. Paul says, was God-inspired, so as to preserve them from every degree of error in all things which could in the least degree affect any doctrine or precept. Writing according to their individual characters, their minds and judgment as well as memory were nevertheless eo guided as to choose the fittest modes of expressing the subject according to the age or the purpose on which they -were 'moved' to write, The theory of inspiration, not the literal inspiration of every jot and tittle of Holy Writ, has commended itself to the most judicious of our theologic writers as guarding sufficiently the authority, certainty, and truthfulness of Holy Scripture. Whether in the course of ages literal mistakes have been introduced by copyists, or passages interpolated, is a fit enquiry for Biblical criticism, -whether the facts recorded are in accordance with historical monuments from time to time brought to light— whether the language used in the teaching of the world's childhood -was suited to the age rather than strictly scientific are fair subjects for discussion. The inspiration which guided the sacred writers does sot necessarily imply direct revelation on all points not relevant or necessary to the spiritual or moral lesson intended to be conveyed. In truth, most of the difficulties of Scripture arise from the want of more detailed information; and so long as such difficulties are discussed in a reverent spirit— so long as facts are fairly stated— no condemnatory opinions will arrest enquiry, or do more than create sympathy towards the party so condemned. ' Mr. Wilson's ' surmises' as to the permanent destiny of the wicked after judgment, though not only, in the opinion of most Christians, without warrant, but also repugnant to the general tenor of Scripture, and to more than one express declaration of our Lord, may not have constituted a penal offence, though contrary to any express written dogma of the Church. It was pointed out by the Court that there is no distinct declaration either by the Catholic Church, or by our own branch of it, condemning such latitude of opinion as Mr. Wilson suggested— a liberty which has been taken for ages, especially by Origin, in the fourth century. The danger of such a 'surmise' as affecting also the per manent happiness of the righteous is perhaps exaggerated if human analogies are worth anything. A hope suggested that 'penal servitude' might possibly find mitigation ere the last sands of life had run ont would scarcely make any innocent man think the permanency of his own life-long freedom and happiness thereby imperilled. ' I have dwelt perhaps somewhat at length on this judg ment, because I think it has been viewed with too great alarm. The Ark of the Covenant and the lively oracles within it may be shaken for a moment, but God will vindi cate His own truth. Let us have greater feith in the divinity of our holy religion— in Christ as the power of God and the wisdom of God. The -Court does not acquit or sanction the ' Essays and Reviews,' it only shows that the law of 'the Church is loose, her spirit tolerant, her caution in dogma tizing great; but if ever the Judicial Committee should pronounce any decision against the faith once delivered to the saints, a blow will be struck which must sever the Church from State, and compel believers to separate from an apos tate State religion. I do not fear that such an emergency will arise, or that the clergy of the National Church will give an uncertain sound as to the authority of God's Word written, or the Gospel scheme of salvation. 'The Relations of Colonial Dioceses to the Church of England. — The judgment of the Privy Council in the case of Long v. Bishop of Cape Town has ascertained the law in this respect in a manner altogether satisfactory to the members of this Synod, The judgment itself, and an expla natory document npon it, forwarded by the Ditke of New castle, are placed before you. The liberty we claimed in 1855, in common with other religious bodies in this colony, to frame rules for enforcing discipline over all those who 'expressly or by implication should assent to them,1 is fully acknowledged as lawful. Legal jurisdiction, indeed, is not given by the letters patent to the Bishop, nor is the tribunal we have agreed to establish in any sense a Court, for it has no power to enforce its sentences. For that purpose we must apply, if need be, to the Supreme Court of the colony, wliich will give effect to our decisions, if within the scope of our authority according- to the rules we hare framed and consonantly with the principles of j ustice. Jt is also stated that it there be no previous contract or trust, expressed or implied, between the Bishop and the patron or presenter to the benefice, it is competent -to the Bishop to make the licence or admission of a Clerk to a spiritual office, benefice, or cure, as well as ordination, itselt conditional on assent given to such rules as have been framed under the Synodal Compact Finally, the Bishop's corporate character, and any other incidents of his episcopal position which result from bis letters patent, remain untouched by the recent judgment. 'On the questions submitted to His Grace the Secretary of State for the Colonies, that the rules of our Diocesan Synod should receive the assent and approval of Her Ma jesty, by new letters patent, in order to bind succeeding rsisliops to the compact, the Duke of Newcastle took the opinion of the law officers of the Crown. Such a course was considered undesirable because unprecedented, and tending to bind too stringently the action of the Synod, as well as affect possibly the title to the endowment of the See. 'There is evidently great desire, or at least readiness to grant all necessary liberty to colonial dioceses for carrying on the work of the Church. The time may come when the nomination of the Bishop may be conceded to the Synods provincial, if not diocesan. Meanwhile, in the absence of legal jurisdiction or ecclesiastical power to enforce disci pline, except through the Synodal Compact, we must find the guarantee for my successors assent and consent to that engagement; if indeed their acceptance of a See in which such an institution as the Synod, with its rules lawfully established, exists, would not of itself be, in a legal point of view, an implied acceptance also of the contract and its obligations. 'Missions to the Heathen.— From its first foundation the .Synod, as the representativeof our Church, has marked its in terest in this subject by fixing an annual sermon to be preached in all the churches in aid of some mission to the heathen. This Diocese has accordingly sent to India's assistance in former years, and last year to the Melaneaian Mission, at the same time inviting Bisdop Pstteson to visit this Diocese. I need not say how gladly he was welcomed, and I cannot but express my deep satisfaction at the full meet ing of the Synod on the occasion, both of clergy and laity, when your address was presented to him. Of his devoted labors, his modest simplicity, his unclouded faith, I need not speak. They all dwell freshly in your memories. The presence of such a man does more to establish us in the faith, by making our hearts burn within us, and yearn in love towards those who know not the unsearchable riches ot Christ, than ten thousand volumes of Rationalistic Criticism, or Sceptical Philosophy can effect towards robbing us of our best consolation here and hope of glory hereafter. It is good, however, not only- to be zealously affected whfle he was present with us, T-ut much more in his absence, while he has now gone forth with hiB life in hie hand, standing in jeopardy every hour while seeking to bring the Melanesian heathen to the knowledge of their God and Saviour. ' I hope and I believe that fervent prayer is offered up by many on his behalf and that of bis mission, that God may protect him and bless his endeavours. Still material means for the support of his Melanesian scholars, his mission ship and crew, himself, and clergy who go faith taking nothing of the Gentiles. It is our privilege to aid their work and bring them on their way. Already many of our clergy have established Parochial Missionary Associations for the par pose of collecting funds. Every £W will maintop a single heathen scholar. Might we not have 20 such? It would be, I know, a great encouragement to Bishop Patteson if the Synod as the representative body of the diocese, would adopt this mission as belonging of right to the Australasian dio ceses. I would recommend the cause to the general acceptance of members of our Church by a resolution to that effect ' It is of much Importance that the funds to be raised Should be as near as may be fixed at a given sum, and that sum remitted at a given date, so that the Bishop might count with tolerable certainty on its amount and arrival. The favorable impression produced on him by the earnest ness of your zeal in the missionary cause, the liberality of v nr contributions, his reception by the Synod, the appear ance of order, steadfastness, and progress in the affairs of the diocese, the solidity of your churches and the other ecclesiastical buildings will be enhanced, I am eure, by your co-operation in the-mission to which he has devoted his life and fortune. Let us try and not fell short of an annual contribution of the sum of £200 at least I believe nothing practically keeps our own faith in such healthy vigour as caring for the salvation of others; and I count it a good piga of the author South AttStnUiMW thBtjOa flreryoooa., sion on which Bishop Patteson advocated bis mission crowded assemblies, composed of Christians of every denomination, gladly heard fromSiim what Tthings/God' had wrought by him among the Gentiles. 'There are two other questions under the consideration of the Church at home to which I may briefly advert— 1. The terms of subscription. 2. The revision of the Burial Service. In my address last year I pointed oat' how the colonial clergy were relieved from the stringent terms of subscription required.. by the terms of the Act of Uni formity, 13 and 14 Charles EL, c 4. It is worthy of remark, that while the. other clauses of -ihe Act require every incumbent, openly sad publicly before his congrega tion, to declare his unfeigned assent and consent to the w® '«£ »Il*hings contained in the Book of Common Prayer, &c;, the form, prescribed by section 4. ?whether by design or accident, omits the .words 'the nee of,' and makes the in cumbent assent and consent to all' things contained therein. The 36th Canon is in strict accordance with the intention of the Act, if not the form of subscription, and_a Committee of Convocation recommends that the two be brought into closer agreement. Whether Parliament will go beyond the purpose of wording the Act of Charles H« namely, * unfeigned assent and consent to the use of all things con tained in the Book of Common Prayer,' is very proble matical, and an honest consent to use the prayer as it stands seems stringent declaration enough for those who -wait at the national altar. f The Burial Serrice&IsoJhas; been thesubject of discussion wSh a view to modification, of its expressions. I have re peatedly stated that the clergy in this diocese are not com pellediy the territorial claims of an Established National Chnrch to accept the disadvantages .of such a position, and bury, in the language of elevated hope, the remains of any one who may be brought to them for interment, whether known or unknown to them, whether cut off in the act of deadly sin, or dying in avowed unbelief. 'I am well aware that in the commendatory prayer the: personal pronoun 'his' or 'her' was exchanged for 'the resurrection to eternal life at the last revise of the Prayer book; that 'our' was substituted for 'his' in the sentence 'who shall change 'our' vile body, ' &c;, so aa to make the sure and certain hope of. resurrection 'to eternal life general, and not special to the individual bariea. I know also that the words 'this our brother1 were also omitted . at the same 'time from the prayer that it may please God to hasten His kingdom, that we [not he] with all those that are departed in the true faith of His Holy Name,'- may have our Inot hisj perfect consummation and bliss both in body and soul, &e.; In this diocese, therefore, as hope may admit of very different degrees, ana roe ciergy are not compeuaDie 10 use me uwue over those of whom they know nothing, or only that which is bad, there is not the same uneasiness felt as in the case of the national ministryat home. Still, the office breathes the language of hope and thanksgiving with regard to the deceased person ; and while St. Paul lids us sorrow not. without hope, it sorely can be hardly necessary to « give hearty th^niry for the removal of a beloved partner or child, whoae continued stay npon earth has been the object ol our most earnest prayers, anu whose loss well nigh breaks the heart The Bisters of Lazarus were not reproved for weep ing bitterly over his departure nor commanded to thank God for it. On the whole, then, both in the darker cases and in the more hopeful ones, some few expressions might be so modified as to bring the office more into harmony with the actual rather than the ideal condition of the Church Militant No doctrine would be impaired, but truth and sincerity -would be alike consulted. ' Excellent as the Book of Common Prayer undoubtedly is, and great as is the privilege accorded to our Church of having fellowship in prayer with the Church of all ages, still tfiis office does inflict on. man; clergymen, pious men, and lovers of our Church, unnecessary pain. It has already undergone revision more than once, and I am persuaded that the present age is not interior in piety, learning, or dis cretion to those on which these charges were made. Here, I repeat, we are free from any ecclesiastical law, which com pels the indiscriminate use of the service by the parochial clergy. Still, we wish to be freed from the continual neces sity of defending or appearing to explain away expressions which seem;to carry with them a meaning which ill accords with the circumstances of the case, or the feelings of friends and mourners. '1 have new touched on those points of public interest in the Hother Church in this diocese since we last assembled. The statistical details will be laid before you at an adjourned meeting this evening.' EVENING MEETING. In the evening the ;memBers met for business at the Church Offices, Leigh-street. ? SYNOD ROLL. The synod-roll having been called, it was ascertained that the following members were present :— The Lord Bishop (President;. Clergy— The Very Eev. Dean FarrelL, the fievs. J. Pollitt, Canon Marryat, H. St. Pollitt, D. J. H. Ibbetson, G. Dove, W.Dacres Williams, E. Jenkins, T. B, Neville, W. B. Andrews, J. S. Jackson, Canon Coombs. Thomas Field, Canon Farr, F. Williams, and the following members of the laity :— T. O'Halloran, F. Sanderson, J. Bath, E W. Wickes, W. T. Cooper, L. . J. Pelbam. T. Fax, jun., N. Blyth, S. Goode, E. R. .Simpson, J. W. Eicholls. L, W. Thrupp, T. H. Viney, C. B. Young, Meredith, Hemsley, R, B. Lucas, B. H. Babbage, F. Wick steed, J. S. Brown. A. Blyth, J. W. Bull, N. Oldham, W, J. FuUarton, J. Williams, B. G. Jay, T. Gogs, E. A. Gower, J. Huggins, and Dr. Ward. ' - THE STOOD COMPACT. Those members who had not previously signed the Synod compact attached their names to it, in accordance with the requirements of the Fundamental Provisions. DOCUMENTS. His Lordship laid upon the table the undermentioned documents, received from England since the last meeting of Synod:— 1st The Duke of Newcastle's despatch, dated 16 th Sep tember, 1863, on the subject of supplementary letters patent; 2nd. The opinion of the Law Officers enclosed therou ; 3rd. The extract of a despatch from the Duke of Newcastle to Governor Wodehouse, relating- to the case of Long versus the Bishop of Cape Town ; 4th. A report of the aforesaid case ; 5th. Supplementary letters patent, extend ing the Bishop's diocese to the Northern Territory. STATE OP DIOCESE. The Lord Bishop next read his report on the state of the diocese, with statistics for the past.year, as follows :— ' On comparing the various returns with those of the preceding .year, they are satisfactory in some Important points, discouraging in none. The removal of any incumbent minister irom his cure, unless replaced by one equally esteemed, cannot but have a prejudicial effect on his con gregation, his Sunday-school, and other parochial insti tutions. But where hie place cannot be supplied, it is very difficult, under the incumbency system of parochial cures, to cany on the work of the Chnrch at all. At home it centres in the parish clergyman, and there is no lack of officiating ministers during the vacancy of the benefice. The services are continued without interruption, Such is not the case in a . colony like this, and I owe it to the zealous and persevering care [of many lay readers that congregations have been held together in many places, churches kept open, and Sunday-schools carried, on. It may seem invidious to notice any cases particularly, where much credit is due to all; but to those who question the propriety of lay agencv, in carrying on Divine Worship, Port Elliot, Wuliamstown, Kobringa, Wallaroo, and Kadina 'may be instanced as vin dicating the benefit ot such co-operation nnder the general superintendence of missionary clergy. Still, It is only a preparatory and provisional state of things, until a congre gation having gathered, a ctinrch erected and [cleared of debt, the means of providing 4for a clergyman by a par sonage and stipend shall become available. To deny the. privilege of Divine Worship to the scattered members of our. Church until an ordained, minister can be permanently placed among: them, is at once irrational, and contrary to the free loving spirit of the Gospel. 'Clergy-— The want which pressed so severely on ns led me at the last Synod to turn your attention to the supply of a colonial ministry trained amongst ourselves. The laborers being few, the direction, 'Pray ye the Lord of the harvest to send forth laborers into his harvest,' seems to come home to us with peculiar force; and when, hopeless of obtaining supplies from home, most unexpectedly, I may say, three candidates offered themselves, whom, after due exami nation, I was enabled to ordain, with satisfaction to myself, and, I believe, with benefit to the Church of God. They are laboring at Blakiston. Woodville, and in the Home Mission ary work of the diocese, purchasing to themselves, as Deacons, a good degree, preparatory to admission to the full orders of Presbyter. ' In addition to these, I have the satisfaction of expecting shortly the Bsv. Albevt J. Pashley, approved by the Board of Examiners of ttie Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, for employment in this diocese. With the experience of six years as curate in Sheffield and Yorkshire, I hope his services may be found acceptable at Wallaroo and Kadina— if, at least, the suspension of Twining operations does not alienate the ir.eans, for a time at least, of supporting the ministry. 'The Rev. Lionel W. Stanton, late Curate of Stepney, has been selected* by the Agent-General (G. S. Walters, Esq.,) for the Burr a, where, in addition to the duty at the church, he will also, manage the grammar-school about to be estab lished there. The reduction of the mining population in Kooringa. having affected the prosperity of the township, it has been, deemed expedient to combine these offices at the present time, the want of a superior education being felt in that district no less than of ministerial duty. The fluctua tions incident to colonial affairs generally, and miningjopera tions in particular, justify. In my opinion, a combination of the schoolmaster and clergyman, otherwise undesirable. The number of licensed clergymen win now be 33. 'Missionary Chaplain and Itinerating Clergy.— The supply of ordained ministers above alluded to has re lieved Mr. Craig from the work of paying monthly visits to some of the vacant churches ; and I have the pleasure to report that I have received intelligence from him, dated Streaky Bay, April 21st- Accompanied by an intelligent native from Poonindee as his guide, and supplied witi horses from that station, he wfll have visited, before he returns, 27 stations. On his way op he held occasional as well ao evening services every day. His journal will be sen) up by the next mail, and I hope will be in time for publi cation with the Synod's proceedings. He states 'that all had gone well,' and that he had been 'most kindly received everywhere.' His native guide was also instructed to com municate with^the natives on the road upon, the great truths of religion. A missionary clergyman specially attached to this district would, I believe, be thankfully received and liberally supported. Some such step seems absolutely re quired. A sufficient sphere would still be left on this side Spencer's Gulf for the labours of Mr. Craig. 'The Synod will also be glad to learn that the Rev. J. Pollitt lias visited some stations on Yorke's Peninsula on his way to Wallaroo. In one instance only did he fail to meet a cordial and thankful welcome. Ungodliness and intemperance usually go hand in hand. Other clergy have likewise kindly undertaken some missionary duties from time to time, their expenses being defrayed by the congre gations which they serve. Messrs. Jaokson, Marryat Russell, Williams, Farr, and others, have thus rendered very essential service in upholding and uniting the scattered congregations unsupplied with resident pastors. 'Personally I have been able to visit the Port Lincoln district and Poonindie Institution. The latter I found going on satisfactorily, and by the aid of Mr. Clayfileld, as school master, the weUbeing, xeligious instruction, and happiness of the natives has bee n enhanced. The school chapel has been thoroughly reps tired and beautified, out of the funds of the Institution, and commodious apartments obtained for Mr. Clay field, who as lay reader assists Mr. Hammond in the Sunday services for the natives. I have also visited Ka dina and Wallaroo, Clare, and some portions of the Narrien district as well as many of the out lying churches. Still I. regret to say that the banks of the Murray and the country about Truro have hitherto been left unvislted, and demand early attention (as soon as he can be spared)fromtheMissionaryChaplam. Confirmationsernces have been more numerous than in former years. 'Churches and Parsonages.— During the past year the fallowing churches have been completed, repaired, enlarged, or commenced :— St.'Gt Jorge's, Gawler, is a beautiful structure, seating- above 400, and on the Sunday of its being opened actually filled with 600 ; St. Barnabas', Clare ; St. Michael's, Mitcham; Emannel, Chinkford; St. Bartholomew's, Norwood ; St. John's, Salisbury ; Melrose, Bungaree, and Woodside. The parsonages at Magill and Willunga have been repaired, while at Mount Gambler and Lyndoch Valley new ones are in course of erection — the two latter at con siderable expense. 'Note. — In many instances the actual number of sittings erected or let have been, specified in the returns, whereas the area accommodation of the churches, calculated according: to theschool average of six square feet to each individual, would be considerably larger. Some uniform rule by measurement should be adopted for Government statistics if comparisons are drawn on the ecclesiastical data thus supplied. 'Sunday Scholars.— There is some increase in the total number, but while churches are left without ministers much increase in this respect cannot be looked for. I con firmed in 15 churches, and rejoice to mark the increasing interest taken in this solemn rite, as well as the care evi dently taken in the preparation of the candidates by the clergy, rendering these occasions deeply interesting and im pressive to all engaged in them. 'Some unnecessary trouble has been caused to the Secre tary by delay in ''firing tbe diocesan returns, as well as of the election of synodsmen. It should be understood that unless vestry meetings for the latter purpose are held in the Easter week, or adjourned from some day in that week, the elections are invalid. The return of synodsmen elected should be made to the Bishop within seven days. 'On the whole (I say so wfth thankfulness to the great Head of the Chnrch) that the external condition of the diocese is such es to relieve me, as Ordinary, from anxiety, means have been taken which, in the course of a very, few years, will place sufficient funds at the disposal of Synod ana the attorneys of the S. P. G. to sustain and extend the ™™? °£ 5? TOluntary principle in supplying Divine ordi nances to the members of ou? communion throughout the 2mH'«, -S8*?- ecclesiastical autonomy conceded to us «w£,™ m¥ v mitB of acknowledging the supremaoy of FWHrtTrfiIIdSb8MSng-*he PWW [principles of the Englfeh Church. jf0 imaging Bfegaltty pr6T«ltB Tow adopting the most suitable measures for fulfilling the mission of the Church in preaching the everlasting Gospel Tolerant ' yet steadfast in her faith and discipline— friendly, and will ing to co-operate {wherever it is possible without .compro mise of principle) with other religious bodies in the promo- ' tion of the moral and social welfare of the colony— assum- ' ing nothing, and yielding nothing, which is essential — our Church and ministry may exercise freely such influence as 1 the position which God has. assigned them -in the world justifies and requires. By Him alone can their efforts be made available; to him alone be the glory of any usefulness which they possess.' ; Mr. C. B. Young moved, 'That the thanks of the Synod be given to the Lord Bishop for his valuable pastoral ad dress, report of the state of the diocese, and statistical returns, and that the same be printed.' Mr. N. Oldham seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. STANDING COMMITTEE'S REPORT. The Secretary read the following annual report ot the Standing Committee of Synod :— Annual report of Standing Committee of Synod :— 'Adelaide, April, 1864. 'In accordance with Regulation No. 4, the Standing Committee elected by the Synod of 1863-64 now submit to you a report of then* proceedings during the past year,, and a statement of accounts duly audited, to which they refer you for information on all monetary transactions, and pro ceed to bring under your notice other matters of interest. 'Endowment of Churches. — In compliance with the reso lution (see Report, 1863, page 60) of the last Synod— 'That it is desirable that a form of deeds or other documents to be given by the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel as security for endowment, or in acknowledg ment of the terms upon which they receive funds for endow ment, should be settled without any further delay, and that tne Standing Committee be instructed to take the necessary steps accordingly'— the Committee did, on the 1st day of June last, appoint a Snb-Committee (Messrs. Thrupp and Pelham) to confer with the attorneys on the matter. Con siderable difficulty was found in attaining the object sought, in consequence of the power of the attorneys not allowing them to act as trustees, and a draft power, entirely approved otjby the Sub-Committee was prepared by the attorney's solicitor and sent to England for approval. By the April mail the attorneys have received a communication from the Secretary, stating that the Committee could not recommend the Society to adopt 'the drafts sent, and re turning them for amendment and revision, bnt proposing another plan by which the same objects 'may, it is trusted, be attained. £he attorneys have not had an opportunity (at the time of writing tins report) of considering the matter, but wil[ doubtlsss give it early and serious atten tion. In Jhe meantime they have furnished the Committee with a schedule showing the portions of their income de rived from rents of country lands and interest on loans which they have set aside for the purpose of securing the due fulfilment of their engagements to the various en dowed churches ; also, the cost of such lands and the amount of the loans. 'Alteration in the Plan of Grant-in- Aid.— TheGommitee have carried out the resolution (see Report, 1863, page 63) of calculating the amounts received, by the ministers from weekly collections as an additional sitting for every pound received. This action has been unimportant in its result. 'Widows and Orphans of Clergy Fund.— The Committee, finding great difficulty in satisfactorily carrying out the views adopted by the last Synod and working out the details (see Report, 1863, page 64), appointed a Sub-Committee, consistingof the Rev. J; S. Jackson, Messrs. Blyth, Hawkes, and Young, who now offer an entirely new scheme, which the Committee submit for your serious consideration, 'Grant from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts.— The Committee regret to state that the Bishop has as yet received no authority to draw for any amount in aid for the current year; but your Secretary has written, urging a renewal of the grant for three years, and they hope for a favorable answer after the annual meeting to be held in London in the month of March. 'General Church Fund and Home Mission.— The Com mittee regret to state that this account still continues to fall off in amount, but as the expenditure has decreased in a far greater ratio (chiefly - in consequence of the reduction in the Secretary's ? salary, which, although cheerfully sub mitted to by him, leaves a very inadequate return of his ser vices) they, now leave a balance in hand which will enable their successors in -office to apportion a sum towards borne missions, which they regret to say no contribution has been made out of this fund since 1867. Under these circumstances they have deferred for the present a proposed alteration in the manner of keeping the accounts, namely, to charge a portion of the expenses to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, Alien's Pastoral Aid, and other funds in -future.' The Committee call attention to the list of .subscrip tions, showing how liberally some of the Churches have re sponded to the call ; and trust that the example will be fol lowed by others during the ensuing year, enabling their successors, while allowing a more liberal expenditure, to contribute something considerable to the Home Mission. 'N.B.- In consequence of not having- the Treasurer's balance-sheet before them, the Committee, of last year made the mistake of congratulating. Synod upon the improve ment of this fund, when in fact there -was a considerable re duction in the receipts as compared with the preceding ygar. ? 'Bishop Patteson's Visit.— The Lord Bishop, in conk, pliance with the wish of the last Synod (Report 1863, page 61), invited the Lord Bishop of New Zealand and the Bight Rev, Bishop Patteson to visit -the Diocese. ' Although the former was not able to avail himself of the invitation, the latter favored the Church and the colony with a visit. He was received the day after his arrival at the Church Office by a numerous body of Synodsmen and other members of the Church, and expressed himself much delighted with his reception. He remained in the colony about a fortnight, preaching and lecturing to numerous Congregations and ?audiences, who showed then* appreciation of the value of his work by contributing the sum of. £200 in aid of the Melane sian mission ; nor is this the only reuslt, as several churches have formed parochial Societies, and one -has already for warded a quarterly subscription. It is hoped that these examples may be generally followed, so that the assistance given by this diocese may be steadily continued.- This is what the Bishop especially requested, in order that he might know upon what funds be might depend for the maintenance of his Melanesian scholars from the various islands. ' NETIIiliE BLTTH, « Chairman ot Standing Committee of Synod. Mr C. B. Yovsg moved, and Mr. F. J, Sanderson seconded, 'that the report be received and printed.' Carried. CLERGY, WIDOW AND ORPHAN PDND. The Secretary read the report of the Committee on the above fund as under : — 'The Committee appointed by Synod to consider the most practicable scheme for mating provision for the families of deceased clergymen have had under their con sideration since they presented their farmer report s scheme adopted by the Newfoundland Church Society, and success fully in operation in that diocese. The standing rules of the ' Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund' in Newfoundland, with other information as to its establishment, was kindly for warded to the Lord Bishop of Adelaide by the Rev. John Pearson, Secretary to the abovenamed Society, and handed by His Lordship to the Committee for consideration, 'After mature deliberation, the Committee have come to the conclusion that a scheme similar in principle, to the one now referred to would be preferable to the plan recom mended in then: previous report, of assisting clergymen in the payment of premiums on life assurance policies. 'The scheme that your Committee would suggest for adoption in this diocese is as follows; - ' ' 1. The Standing Committee of Synod shall have the management of the Fund, which shall be deposited in the Savings Bank; or securely invested from time to time. ''2. All clergymen in the diocese holding the Bishop's licence may secure the benefit of this fund by contributing within six months from its establishment, or within one year of obtaining their licence from the Bishop, as follows : ? tl) Unmarried clergymen and widowers without a child, £2 per annum ; (2) married clergymen and widowers with a child, £i per annum. After the expiration of the above term, clergymen shall only be allowed to come under the provision of the Fond by the permission of the Committee, and by paying double the amount that they would have paid had they availed themselves of its provisions at the proper time. ''3. After the first payment subscriptions shall become due on the 3lst of December in every subsequent year ; every clergyman neglecting to make payment by that date shall forfeit his claim upon the Fond, to be recovered only upon payment of arrears with 10 per cent, interest ; but if two years payment are in arrears the claim upon the Fond will be absolutely forfeited. .,..,, ., ''4. Every clergyman securing the benefit of this Fund will be expected to make and forward to the Treasurer of Synod a yearly special collection from his congregation. ?'5. The widow of every clergyman 'who shall have paid his annual subscription, and .forwarded an annual collection till bis death, or if incapacitated by mental or bodily in firmity, shall have been excused by the Standing Com mittee from such payments, shall be entitled to receive a yearly pension of £30 during widowhood. The payment of this pension being expressly guaranteed by the_ Synod under all circumstances. Should the Fund admit of an increase of the amount of pension, it will be competent for the Standing Committee to grant such aa amount as it may see fit. ''6. If the widow die, or marry again, the pension shall be paid to trustees for the benefit of such children of the deceased husband as may be ; if boys under 16, if girls under 18 years of age; the trustees named by a- deceased clergyman to be recognised by the Committee, or if no such trustees shall have been named, or if they are not able or willing to act, the Standing- Committee may appoint any two members of the Church of England to be trustees. '7. If the wife die before her husband, his child or chil dren shall receive the pension so long as there is a claimant under the preceding rule. '8. If a clergyman removes from the diocese he shall be entitled to receive Dacs one-xmro. amount ne naa paio, which payment will of course release the fund from all his claims upon it. This rule not to apply in cases of tempo rary absence from the colony by permission of the Bishop. In case, however, a clergyman shall have held the Bishop's licence for a period of 20 years, he shall be allowed in the event of his leaving his diocese to continue his payments, and remain on the same footing as if still resident therein. *v 9. The yearly statement of accounts of the fund shall be duly audited and laid before Synod every Easter. 'Your Committee append to this report the Standing Rules of the Newfoundland Fund, of which the above sug gestions are a modification, and the letter from the rev. Secretary that accompanied them.' On the motion of Mr. C. B. Young, seconded by Mr. W. J. Fullarton.it was resolved 'That the report be received and printed.' MISSION TO THE ABORIGINES. The Committee's report on the above BUbject was read, to the following effect: — 'The Committee appointed to co-operate with the Lord Bishop in considering the feasibility of establishing a Church of England Mission for the heathen aborigines of this province beg to report : — *? 1. That they turned their attention to Lacepede Bay, and the Coorong, as suitable sites for a Missionary Institu tion similar to that existing at Point Macleay. The Rev. J. S. Jackson accordingly visited those places, and reported that there were a greater number of aborigines on the Coo rong than at Lacepede£Bay, and recommended a place called Policeman's Point as a desirable situation. Application was accordingly made for a grant of land at Policeman's Point; the site was, however, objected to for reasons stated in a letter from the Commissioner of Crown Lands appended to this report. The distance from Adelaide has prevented a second visit to the locality on the part of any member of the Commiteee. ' 2. Whilst regretting that their labours have not been brought to a successful issue, your Committee are fully con vinced of the desirability of establishing a native mission, and trust that the Synod will appoint another Committee to carry out the oblect. 'C. B. Young. Convener. ' Crown Lands and Immigration Office, ' Adelaide, December 29, 1863. 'Gentlemen— I have the honor, by direction of the Com missioner, to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of tbe 17th ultimo (2.672-63), applying for a grant of that piece of land on the Coorong known as Policeman's Point, for the purposes of an aboriginal institution, similar to that at Point McLeay ' I now enclose a copy of a memo, from the Surveyor General, with regard to the site applied for by you; and am directed by the Commissioner to suggest that you should re consider the matter with the view of selecting a different site. ' I am, Gentlemen, your obedient servant, 'jSdw. Whdman, Secretary. 'Messrs, Dove, Young, and Jackson, care of the 'Rev. George Dove, Walkerville.' ''Copy of Minute of Surveyor-General on No. 2,672-63, from 'Young, Dove, «nd Jackson, in re Portion of Reserve at Policeman's Point for Aboriginal Institute, 'The site asked for is upon the east bank of the Coorong, directly on the leading road from Adelaide to the South East, and is otherwise objectionable by being immediately between two public-houses, and at no great distance . (about five miles) from each. The mile of agricultural land asked for would also be required to be at some distance to the east, and separated by a ridge of Bandy, hilly ground from the point The mail horses are at present changed there, and the well is a regular camping-place for travellers and for men passing up and down with stock. To successfully attain the object sought for I should imagine the site should be as far as possible away from the general traffic, so far as is consistent with the requirements of the natives, and I would respectfully suggest that a better site be selected. 'G. W. Goyt.es, Surveyor-General. 'December 18, 1863,' Mr. c. B. Xoowo moved ' That tbe report be received and printed,' 1 Mr. W. J. FctLARTON seconded the motion, which was carried. BALANCE-SHEETS. ... - ? The Secretary read audited balance-sheets of the Synod, of theAttorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, and Trustee of Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund. Mr. C. B. Young moved, and the Rev. J. Pollitt seconded, that the reports be received and printed. Carried. DATS OF MEETING. Mr. C. B. Young moved— 'That the days of meeting during the present session be Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, at 3 o'clock, excepting next Thurs day, May 5, that being Ascension Day.' Mr. J. W. Butt seconded the motion, which was earned. OPFICE BEARERS. Messrs. A. Blyth and W. J. FuUarton. were appointed scrutineers for all elections throughout the session. The Synod then proseeded to vote by ballot for the Standing Committee (numbering seven clergymen and lilaymen), two Treasurers, and two Auditors. The result was as follows:— Clergy— Rev. Canon Marryat, D. J. H. Ibbetson, W. B. Andrews, Geo. Dove, Very Rev. the Dean, Canon Russell. J. S. Jackson. Laity— Meesrs, N. Blyth, T. O'Halloran, N. Oldham, L. W. Thrupp, C. B. Young, L. J. Pelham, W. J. FuUarton, S. Goode, A. Blyth, F. Wicksteed, E. W. Wickes, C. D. Cooper, J. Williams, F. Sanderson. Treasurers— Messrs. T. O'Halloran, and N. Oldham. Secre tary—Mr. F. Wicksteed. Auditors— Messrs. LL. W. Thrupp, and G.W. Hawkes. STANDING ORDERS. Mr. N. Blyth moved ' That the Standing Orders followed during the hut session of Synod be the Standing Orders of Synod.' Mr. F. J. Sanderson seconded the motion, which was carried. NEW SYNODSMAN. The Lord Bishop reported that Mr. Henry Scott had been elected a Synodsman of St. Peter's Church, Glenelg, in place of Mr. J. Williams, who had been elected a Synodsman of St. James's Church, Blakiston. NOTICES OP MOTION. Several notices of motion were handed in. SUSPENSION OF STANDING ORDERS. Mr. T. O'Halloran moved, and the Rev. W. B. Andrews seconded 'That the Standing Orders be suspended, to enable the notices of motion to be disposed of.' Carried. PUBLICATION OF REPORT. Mr. C. B. Young moved ' That a Committee of three, of whoa the Secretary shall be one, edit and publish the report of the proceedings of the present session of Synod.' Mr. L. J. Pelham seconded the motion. Mr. B, H.. Babbage wished to know what the total ex penses of printing the report and other things last year amounted to. The Secretary Baiu the printing of the report cost £15, and other printing and stationery amounted to £1 Us. 6d. Mr. Babbage said he was quite satisfied ; the expense was not extravagant. ' The motion was carried, and the Rev, Canon Marryat and Mr. C. B. Young agreed to act as a Committee with Mr. Wioksteed, the Secretary. WIDOW AND ORPHAN FUND. Mr. C. B. Young moved 'That the report of the Com mittee on the Widow and Orphan Fund be adopted.' He remarked that the Committee felt^reat difficulty in arriving at any determination respecting . a scheme. At length they agreed upona plan of insurance through the insurance offices of the colony, and although he did not feel very partial towards it, yet he thought it most be adopted, as no other, suitable scheme seemed to present itself to them. Bv a providential occurrence, as he deemed it. the »ch™p in existence in Newfoundland was placed before them, and its provisions seemed so applicable to this diocese that tbe Committee determined upon adopting it He would, there fore move the adoption of the scheme. The Rev. J. Pollitt seconded. Mr. Babbage thought they should have some further in formation' as to how the scheme waB likely to work in the colony before they determined upon adopting it. They had before them the result of the pension scheme adopted in the civil service, and they should take a lesson from that. Mr. Thrupp had an unhappy recollection of the pension scheme, and he forthwith traced its history. He cautioned them against making such a mistake as that in relation to their fund.. He compared the diocese of Newfoundland with thatof this colony, and said they should have a wide basis so that the losses should only fell lightly upon the general body of shareholders. Another principle ot insurance was that they should have a nucleus of capital, so as to show that the insured could get the benefits offered. It would be cruelly disappointing if the funds were not forthcoming when they were required, and in the formation of an insurance fund they must provide against such a result. He then proceeded to show that the Synod had control over no funds which could enable it to guarantee the payment of the policies. He should, however, be sorry to see such a movement fall to the ground, and he would therefore suggest the following amendment:— 'That clergymen of this diocese who have or shall insure their lives and secure to their widows and orphans the benefit of the policies Shall, so long as they hold the Bishop's licence, receive out of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund annually one half of the premium paid by them or such less or larger :eum as the fund will allow, provided the sum so insured^haU not exceed £1,000, and the Standing Com mittee is authorized to. make such further regulations, and to take such steps as may be necessary to raise and ad minister the fund. . By that, no more promises than those which could be performed were made, and they could also assist in the liquidation of the premiums to a much greater extent than the Newfoundland scheme. He also pointed out that that the lives of aged and diseased ministers were omitted in the scheme proposed by the Committee. The Rev. Canon Marryat seconded the amendment, because no reasons had been given for the doing away with the scheme proposed last year, which was adopted after mature deliberation. The whole pith of insurance was secu rity, and this the Newfoundland scheme did not give. Se objected to the new scheme because it treated all ages alike, which was fatal to any system of insurance. If the whole colony could not provide a life insurance society, he ques tioned whether 33 clergymen could found such an institution that any dependence could be placed upon. Then again, the fund should not be touched until £1,000 or £2,000 were col lected. . He questioned ^greatly whether the advantages of the new scheme would be availed of bv the eeneralclerev. Mr. N. Blyth rose to support the original motion, and said the question Bhould not be looked upon as a mere matter of business and insurance. He looked upon it that the Committee in their proposal wished to have it based upon Christian principles. There might have been a little irregularity in the proceedings of the Committee ; but if the scheme they had proposed were not adopted no great harm would be done, although the matter had been very seriously considered by them. The proposal included the collection of once a year in every church, and that disproved the idea that there would be no funds. Respecting- the provision that the .Synod should guarantee the payment of the pension, that meant a moral guarantee, and not a legal guarantee, which he knew that the Synod could not give. He aid not see the appropriateness of dragging in the whole question of the. Government Superannuation Fund, because it had nothing to do with the question. He looked upon it that such a fund as the one the Committee proposed would grow in strength every year, and would be amply sufficient for all claims made upon it. He thought it was the duty of the general body of the Church to assist in the matter, and it was with this view that the Committee proposed then scheme. The Very Rev. Dean Fabrell rose in a degree to oppose both motion and amendment. He would move the postponement of the questions till Wednesday next. It was an important matter, and he should like to consider it before pronouncing an -opinion. He thought the Committee were entitled to the -thanks of. the Synod, for the work must have been one of love to them, and it would be unfair to them to reject their proposal without giving it due consideration. Mr. B. H. Babbage supported the proposition of the Dean for adjourning, the question; but thought he should be Inclined to adopt a scheme framed from the two plans. He mentioned as facts that the mortality of the population of the colony above five years of age was considerably less than that in .England, and said the knowledge of such a truth as that might suggest the desirability of forming a Life Insurance Sooiety in the province, when they thought of the heavy premiums the English companies charged. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson should like to express his opinion on the matter, as it was not likely he should be able to attend at the adjourned debate. He explained his ob jections to the scheme proposed by the Committee; and made several suggestions, which he considered it would be advisable to introduce into the proposed scheme, if it were to be the principle upon which action would be taken. He must, however, confess that he was more favourable to Mr. Thrupp's amendment. The Rev. J. S. Jackson supported the proposed scheme, and said npon the principles on which it was based no large claims would be made upon it before ' a fund was accumu lated. They had not the funds to commence with that the Society in Newfoundland had, but to make up for that they compelled double payments. This, to his unbusinesslike mind, seemed perfectly safe. He did not look upon the guarantee of the Synod aa worthless— (hear, hear) — and he thought in any difficulty the Synod would be glad to lend then? aid. The Rev. W. B. Andrews thought the schemes proposed deserved profound consideration,. and he would support their adjournment. The Rev. Canon Farr did not think the schemes would be considered much if they were postponed, and so he would offer a few words upon them. He made some remarks in favor of the Committee's scheme, and said by it the sym pathies of the Church would be more enlisted in the matter than by the other scheme. The Lord Bishop hoped the consideration of the two schemes would be postponed, as so much had been said both on the benevolent and business views of the matter. The great point was that of a guarantee, and he did not see why the moral guarantee 01 ine oynoa snouia not oe converted into a material guarantee. He thought the two elements were compatible, and there were a great number of points he should like to consider between this and Wednesday next. Mr. A. Blyth moved, and Mr. W. J. Fullarton seconded— 'That the debate be adjourned to Wednesday next, and that it be the first order of the day.' Carried. PRINTING DOCUMENTS. Mr. Thrupp moved— 'That the three first documents laid on the table by the Bishop be printed for the use of the Mr. L. 3. Pelham seconded the motion, which was carried. SOCIETY FOR PROPAGATION OF THE GOSPEL. Mr. Thrupp moved— 'That the Standing Committee be instructed to continue to communicate with the Attorneys of the S P G., aud endeavor to carry out the resolution of the Synod, with respect to form ot deeds to secure endow ment, as passed on 12th May, 1863.' The motion was seconded by Mr. Pelham, and carried. An adjourned meeting of the Synod was held at the Church Office on Tuesday afternoon at 3 o'clock. After prayer the minutes of the last day's meeting were read aud confirmed. Mr Wicksteed gave notioe of motion -.— 'That the Standing Committee, in supplementing the stiDends of clergy according to the scale adopted by the Synod of 1862, be authorised to pay the larger sum where the increased number of sittings let diminishes the amount he becomes entitled to. as is the case in certain instances.' Mr Arthur Blyth supported with much eloquence his motion that it be an instruction to the Standing Committee of Synod to grant no money to any congregation asking, and that has not adopted the system of weekly offertory, or an offertory at every service. An animated discussion took place on this question, in which many members of the Synod, both clerical and lay, t°MrPaBLYTH stated that his main object was to get the matter ventilated, and obtained leave to substitute the fol lowing motion, which was unanimously adopted, viz. :— 'Tnat the Lord Bishop be requested by Synod to addreBS a pastoral letter to tbe minister and churchwardens of every parish, requesting them to call a meeting of vestry to con sider the propriety of adopting a weekly offertory (,f such parish has not already done so), it being the opinion of Synod that such method of collecting the offerings of the P6ffl&. Neville Blyth advocated the appointment of a second missionary clergyman, and obtained an unanimous vote in support of his motion. «___* The Rev. Canon Farr strongly urged upon the bynod the support of Bishop Patteson's Melanesian Mission, and was warmly supported, also obtaining a unanimous V°Mr.C. B. Young obtained the appointment of a Com mittee to report again npon the practicability of establish ing* mission to the heathen aboriginea, consisting of the Lord Bishop, Revs. Jackson, Dove, and Andrews, and Messrs. Young, Fullarton,a.nd John. WJliams. The Synod then adjourned to Wednesday, at 3 0 1 clock In the afternoon,' whenthe Order «f the Day. aa will be seen in our advertising columns, is the discussion of the report ot the Widows and Orphans of Clergy Fund Committee. An adjourned meeting of the Synod was held at the Church Oflices on Wednesday afternoon, at 3 o'clock. After prayer, the minutes of last day s meeting were read and confirmed: ? _ The debate on the report ot the Widows and Orphans of Clergy Committee was resumed. Mr. Thrupp' e amendment, proposing a life assurance, the payment of premiums to be aided by snbscriptious, as detailed in the report of the proceedings of Monday hist, haying been negatived, the Synod resolved itself into a Committee of the whole house for the purpose of consider ing the Committee's report. They resumed at half-past 9 o'clock, when the Chairman reported progeeee, «nd obtained leave to fit agaio. 