Tiiere is a fino old tawnej port flavour about Mr. S i.aden's speech to the highly favoured electors of . the Western Province, which, half a cen- tury ago, would have ensured lxis re turn bj a large majority for an English rural county. The new member of the Upper House is just the man to have denounced the repeal of the Corn Laws and Catholic Emiincipation Bill. He would with equal resolution have Bet his face against tho admission of Jews into Parliament, and tiraded by the hour against the frog-eating French men. rhoJohn Bull newspaper would have made a special pet ot him, re ported his orations at full length, and heplastered him with edi torial' eulogy. Dr. Johnson and Mr.' Sladen, had they lived in the sarnie epoch, would have been fast friends, for although that venerable higot and Tory held pompous imbecility in detestation, had Mr. Sladen added a firm belief in ghosts to his political creed,; the twain would have been inse parable. Should their shades ever meet in the Elysian fields may Luoian he at their elbow, and send us up another " Dialogues of the Dead." We can fancy the Doctor, ponderous and autho ritative as ever, grandly commending his young friend for the noble stand he had made against those pestilent, per nicious, and altogether damnable demo- cratical doctrines, which rose to his nostrils like a malific odour from the seething' scum of society. We can imagine too the mild Sladen " moved beyond his wont," roused to something approaching enthusiasm, and discours ing indignantly, and yet dolorously, of tho insolent attempts of the populace to take possession of some of toe lands which incontestably belong to the Tlftfrnovnli a roll r\ ioenafAMMnJ « into .a bleating wilderness. To bring, our hero down to more modern times, we Cannot but think what a splendid Child Commissioner he would have made in lawless and Lalor's 1854. With what patriotic unction would he have commanded unlicensed diggers to be chained to a tree, or hustled inside the logs. Had there been volunteers in those days, how gallantly he would have ordered the charge upon a half- armed and undisciplined mob. Civilian once-more, and the "traitors" tried in Geelong, what a splendid juryman for the Crown sladen.would have made.' With' twelve Sladens in the box, Mr. Timothy Hayes and the .other nota-' bilities would, long since have ceased . from troubling the Messrs. Clough, and. the scab specific would have required another advocate. A fitter person, therefore, eould not have been selected' to fill ..the vacancy in the Legislative Council. Mr. Sladen is a man after the squatters' own heart, and will be welcomed with unwonted warmth into tshe Chamber of congenial dullness and Rip- Van- Winkle-ism. We need not' follow Mr. Sladen through his not too genuine abuse of the Duffy Land Act. He said rather lees on this topic, and he said it not so well as did a few months back the concentrated essence of old chutnmy- dom embodied in the Hon. R. Power. The word quackery figured largely in Mr. Sladbn's political fireworks, which were of the oldest and stalest descrip tion. Portland people wore informed that the act had been evaded. This might havo been news at Hamil ton or Camperdown, or perhaps Ballaarat, but the Portland folks read other newspapers than tho oracle of the Pivot, and must havo heard something like this before. " Novel industries, indeed !" quoth Mr. Sladen, with his most polished sneer. "Why, the vines and fruits of that kind (whnt kind Mr. Sladen?) were only novelties twenty, years ago." They met with his unqualified disap probation. Why should tboy not ; when, easy to obtain, requiring no lawyer to cover a sheepskin with technical tautology, and calculated to settle tho people on the soil, they in terfered with tho interests of his very good friends the squatters ? We are not awaro whether Mr. Sladen is directly interested in a run or runs, but were lie W. J. T. Claiike, or even " Scabby Mopfatt" himself, he could not have given utteranco to more genuine sheep- cattle talk than lie did at Portland. So highly flavoured was it of tallow and hides that tho half dozen representa tives of tho " wealth and intelli gence " ot tho Western District who were present accorded only par tial applause. Tliore was the old argumentof "the iojustice to those who had purchased lands at a high price" — a quarter of a century ago ! As if be cause a scoro or two individuals had picked out as much of the eyes of the country as they could afford to pay for, the settlement of a large and indus trious population who have made Victoria the great colony she is, was to bo ignored. " The gentlemen of the country were to be ruined by the Land Act. That was its deliberate intention." Protty gentlemon, who purchnsed at a nominal figure and by fraudulent re presentations tho choicest acres in the ianu, wuo tnemseives carneatne unnu Bill by their tools in tho House, and afterwards refused to acknowledge their own promissory notes to the Victorian Association. These aro Mr. Sladen's gentlemen, and we wish him joy of their acquaintance, hoping at the same time that he and his partner Mr. Martyr got their bill of costs paid for the celebrated advice they gave the land officer at Camper- down. But perhaps the cream of Mr. Sla den's disccurse was contained in the remarks ho made relative to the character of tho soil of the colony. He said " As a general rule the country was only fitted for pastoral purposes, and such being the case the pastoral was the first interest, and should be encouraged." ' We should fancy Mr. Sladen is not the holder of many Hobson's Bay Railway shares, or Vic torian debentures, or bank stock, or any other securities whose value de pends upon the progress of th9 country. Henceforward iencing is only to be used for the subdivision of runs, railway trucks for the transport of fine wool and coarse ration sugar : Black- wall liners for the conveyance of the squatters and their golden fleeces ; Melbourne is to become a second Gee- long with grass growing and cows feeding in the Eastern market, while the ingenuous settler of the period plays leap- frog as of old, opposite what was once the Royal hotel, m Collins street ; responsible Government and repre sentative institutions are to be knocked on tho head, and the good old nominee days, that aurea cetasne, restored, with Charles Sladen at -the head of the treasury. The only innovation to >e " permitted would be some process by which the wool could be dyed on the sheep's backs, so as to make it of higher marketable value. We had almost forgotten to allude to Mr. Sladen's cure for the retro gression of the country. As "we are all going down together, some steps must be taken to stop the downward progress." And this step is immi gration. We would fain hope that Mr. Sladen has been misrenorted. He can scarcely he serious in re- commendiag immigration on a large scale to a pastoral country, where there is " no chance for the agricul turist," and where novel industries are an encroachment and an impertinence. Perhaps Mr. Sladen means the immi gration to be of Chinese or Coolies, to whom it will not he necessary for the squatters to give high wages. And these men make good shepherds and capital cooks. There is one excuse for Mr. Sladen's speech, and it fo that so enamoured was he of the first address he over delivered in toe colony that he repeated it, with trifling additions to suit the time, to the electors of toe Western Pro vince. And this is the senator who, according to a contemporary, is to TT1 flfll TV ' a Tin /initntannA I.a ,J vuHutwttUd UiO glVWlUg influence of Mr. Fellows. There may be a divided empire between them, even a hot rivalry, but they both row in the same boat, and would never he found voting on opposite sides of the Council Chamber. Yesterday was ono of Snxby's days. That gentleman gave the 10th July as one ef the periods at which bad weather might be antici pated, and he was so far right that shortly after eleven o'clock tho rain commenced to fall, and continued wiihout intermission the whole night. During yesterday the down-pour was incessant, and at midnight there seemed no likelihood of any change for the better. Tho town presented the moit dreary appearance; the streets were deserted; and the various places of worship al most teuantless. The passage across Swanston and Elizabeth streets was of course exceedingly difficult, but we have heard of no accidents. Mr J. C. VFesthorp hss written to the Glpps Land Guardian to say; that, falling the appear ance of Mr Grant as a candidate for the repre sentation of North Glpps land, he himself will be in tho field. The Guardian Is informed that Mr Grant has definitively declined accepting the honour, proposed to be conferred upon him by North Glpps Land. On former occasions, adds that journal, " that constituency has looked too low, now they want a minister to represent them. They do not understand the old arithme tical rule of the means and extremes, nor do they comprehend that there is a difference between staring and stark mad. A good men can be found wiihout his having had the good fortune to become a minister. A minister is '! 'V. . but a man, fortuitously placed in a prominent position, and Mr Grant does not pessess half the representative value to North Gippi Land that Mr William Pearson of Kiimsny Park pos sesses." Mr Snodgrnss Is to have one competitor if not more for the honour of representing Dalhouse. We take the subjoined from the Kyneton Guar dian of the 16th : — " The first step towards se curing a candidate for tho county of Dalhousie has been taken by summoning a meeting of electors favourable to Mr Charles Young's re turn, to be held at the Junction hotel, on Wed nesday afternoon. We have heard a rumour that a formerly unsuccessful candidate for the same constituency has been gently sounding his way with the view of again cantesting the seat. We scarcely think that the opposition to tiie sitting member— Mr Snodgrass — in this latter quarter is at nil serious, unless Indeed the pa triotic and incorruptillo gentleman alluded to is dedrous of throwing himself in the way of re ceiving a chance of again refusing an ofler of L50 from Mr Snodgrass, such as we have Ids authority for stating that his Roman virtue would not allow him to accept as a bribe to retire at lost election." The Tarrengowcr Times has discovered who the Mr Arnold Paddock is wh« seeks to oust Mr Hamsoy, nnd states " that he is a costcrmongei recently located next door to Mr Noe l's, the tobacconist, Main street. His candidature," continues the Times, " is, of course, nothing hut o stupid joke." If variety l9charmingtiie politicians of Warr- nambool, judging by the evidence of tho follow ing extract from the Examiner of the 15th, must be in a highly delectable condition : — " It is very amusing lo read the political paragraphs now going the rounds of the press. The writers know so much that they cnnHot even give a cor rect summary of their knowledge. One para graph states that Mr Wood has no chance of being returned for Worrnambooi because his political opinions arc not believed in here, another asserts he will be rejected because we are too loyal ; a third knows that he docs not intend to stand for Warrnamhool, whilst a fourth (probably in the interest of that clever and well-informed protectionist, Mr Joshua Cowell) is 'positive wo shell never re turn such a free-trader as Mr Wood. In answer to all this farrago, we are authorised to state that Mr Wood will stand for Warrnam hool, acd in all probability will be successful, as he deserves to be. The inhabitants of this borough are perfectly loyal, but ore not so foolish as to allow a mere pulitlcal report of Mr Wood Insulting her Majesty's representative to misieid thorn, and lastly, as a community, they are determined and staunch free-traders. From all we can icarn, we havo every reason to believe Mr G. S. W. Horue will be a candidate for the borough. A quiet but strong canvass is pro ceeding on behalf of Mr Moffatt, for tho counties of Villiora and Heytcsbury, and we warn the electors not to be cajoled In promising their vote to any candidate. It is reported that Mr Dar- bysbire and Mr Patrick O'Brien will also be candidates for the counties." Another candidate for tho representation of Creswick has put in an appearance. The gentleman Is Mr Combe, barrister at law. The Talbot Leader supplements the announcement of Mr Combe's candidature with the fol lowing: — "Mr Combo is only known to us as a gentleman of independent fortune and of fair ability. He will give a general hut discrimin ating support to the present ministry. His principles are said to be liberal." Liberal— and a supporter of the M'Culloch Ministry ; The expressive monosyllable of Dr Primrose's Moses — " fudge"— will be sufficient commentary upon this paradoxical statement of the Talbst jour nalist. A rumour is also current that Mr James Macintosh, of Myrtle Grove, ii likely to stand for this constituency. " If report speaks truly," says the Geelong Advertiser, "one of the members for South Grant seeks to transfer his allegjanco to Polwarth and South Grenville, and is now busily canvassing the good opinions of the electors ot that consti tuency. The Gipps Land Guardian is anxious that Mr Wood Bhould be requested to stand for South Ginps Land, Mr Johnson having de clined, and expresses a conviction that, ;if Mr O'Shanassy's Attorney General were to allow himself to be nominated, his return would be a certainty. Several meetings of the Carngham Political Reform Association have Tecontly taken place in that district. The manifesto of tho association runs as follows " That tho objects of this association he to return members to the Legis lative Assembly who are qualified and disposed to aJvocate such measures as will better than heretofore advance tho true interests of the colony.' f That this association strongly invito all who take an interest in 1hc prosperity of the colony to join them in endeavours to forward that object.' That a thorough reform is neces sary In the Legislative Council, such reform to be as follows: — The property qualification of representatives and electors to be reduced one half — the electoral provinces to be increased from six to nine — the number of members to be in creased from thirty to forly-five —nine members to retire every two years ; also that It Is neces sary that an amendment bo made in tho I ocal Government Act, to exempt mining tenements from taxation, as being a necessary part and parcel of the plant. Further, that it is desirable that the Land Act, of 1802, bo repealed, and that In the enactment of a new law the following principles he observed — that agricultural lands in sufficient quantities be always open for selec tion by the bona fide cultivator, tho rental to bo deemed part of the purchase money ; and that the areas of the lots open for selection range from LO to 640 acres, etc. There will be no meeting ef the City Counell this afternoon. A lengthy correspondence between Mr Smyth, M;L.A., and the Minister of Mines, upon the subject of water supply to the gold- fields, Is published in the Mount Alexander Mail. Mr Sullivan discloses in the following paragraph the principle upon which the long promised " comprehensive scheme" of the Government is to bo based : — "The Government of thiseountry has constructed the two great lines of railway, but tho general opinion appears to be that their working should be entrusted to private hands ; and If the railways should bo leased, so nlso igreas national; woric the Yan Yean Water Supply. It Is proposed that the Yan Yean Water Works shall form the nucleus or money basis of the more general supply. If the Yan Yean works were leased, it is believed that a very large annual sum could be obtained from them. It Is proposed to devote this sum to the supply of other portions of the colony which are clearly entitled to share with Melbouruo and its suburbs (nearly all of which are now supplied with water) tho advantages which may be ob- talnedfromanoutlaytowhichaU have contributed. It is estimated that after paying working ex penses, a sufficient sum would be obtained to go far towards carrying out tho works necessary to supply the country generally with water ; but If it should appear desirable that in any year a larger expenditure than that derivable from the Yan Yeau should he incurred, power would lie taken to borrow a sufficient sum of money to completo any work, in order that it might be made sooner available and reproductive." A child was burnt to death at Mount Egerton, un Tuesday morning, under the following cir cumstances, reported by the Star:— "A Mrs Bonner, residing at Mount Egerton, having occasion to leave her hoase for a few moments to hang up some clothes which she had been wash- fag, was recalled thereto on hearing the cries of her son, Henry Bonner, a boy a little over four years of ogo, who hod in her absence set his night dress on fire. The boy in his agony had run about, causing the whole of his garment to flame around him. Mrs Bonner speedily got the burning dress off tho child, and on tho re commendation of a neighbour anointed him all over. The services of Mr Cuius James Wil- cocks, surgeon, were soon procured, but the case was deemed hopeless from the first, and (he < sufferer died on tiie ensuing afternoon. The mcd'cal evidence tendered at the inquest held on Friday, went to show that there was scarcely a part of the body which was' not in 'n state of vesication, and the cuticle torn off. He did net rally from the first, and the cause of death was the great shock to the nervous system frem severe and extensive injuries to the skin. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the evidence." We have been informed that in all proba bility 111 is year's wool will be convened by Government railways from Echuca, but if not from Echuca at the commencement of the season, from n point about six miles south of it on the railway line. The master bakers have raised the price rf bread to 13d the 41b loaf. This high price will, we fear, add materially to tho sufferings of the poorer classes. Pleuro-pneumonia in the Muckleford district is at present confined to the herd of Mr Joshua Dibbs, who has lost a second fine cow this week. Late Capo papers record that a cow affected with pleuro-pneumonia having eaten the leaves of the granodilla was cured. lo-iBorrow aucruoon me louna&non; sione 01 a town-hall at Eaglebnsvk will be laid. " The ceremony," Bays tho Star, " will take placo with out any display, and will bo attended only by the Mayor and Councillors, and such of the public as lake on interest in tho matter." The Cnstlcmnine licensed victuallers, at n meeting of their body, on Thursday evening, came to the conclusion of winding up tho affairs of the local branch of the Licensed Victuallers' Association, with the object of establishing a new society similar to that of Melbourne. It is said that nearly evory business firm in Carngham has signed the requisition fo Mr Randall, solicitor, Ballaarat, to coma forward for GrenvlUc. If the Bendigo Adverliser is correct in its surmise, there is little likelihood of the Mitchell street railway bridge being completed for a month or two yet. " Eight girders have to be erected ; and but three of those have been fixed in their places. Between each girder, fastening them together, eleven cross plates have to bo rivettcd, but only two rows of these havo yet been fastened. All the deck platra over the girders, nnd coveting them in, have yet to be laid. Four furnaces ore employed — two for heating the rivets ore in constant use; the other two ore used for the plates and tools. Somo 13,000 rivets havo yet to be put in. Twenty men aro engaged on the ironwork of the bridge, and a number of masons nrn Imsv fit tin— ti,A stones on which to rest the g'rdors. Two feet of the ends of the girders fit into an iron frame, resting on the walls of the bridge, nnd nre fixed there by b Its driven into the granite coping. Tho approaches on each side ef the bridge are still un- me tolled, and there is every probability of their remaining so, long after the bridge is completed, unless the Borough Council and the Government come to a speedy understanding as to which of them is to do the work." If the Maories have been Blow to appreciate tlio benefits of the civilising influence which has been brought to bear upon them for the pur pose of ameliorating their social condition, they have at any rate been close observers of the manners and customs of their European brethren, and endeavoured to follow their ex ample as closely as possible. During tho pro gress of the war they havo imitated a.- far as they could, nnd their means would allow, the military observances. At some of their posts they have with flax trumpets sounded the reveille and retreat; drawn up general orders and regulations. From the following rules for the guidance of the Maori pickets atTe Eanga, it will be seen that the natives on that occasion were actuated with a desire to follow the rules of war, and not resort to indlscriminato slaughter. The document of which tho subj rined is a copy, was found in the possession of Henare Taratoa, who was killed in the fight: — 1. If an unarmed Boldier be seen coming on the land of tho Maori or of the pukolia, he will be shot. 2. If nn un- armeu pakena cornea, who is known to me, he will be sent back. 3. The unarmed pakeha being a stranger, he will be ahot. 4. If n pakeha woman (female) bo seen, whether sho be child or maiden, she will be sent back. 5. If an English (Episcopal ?) minister comes among the Maories, he will ho banished. Before going into actio it is also the Maori custom to offer up prayers, and this observance was not neglected on this occasion, when the following programme of worship was circulated : — For the morning. I. Hymn ; 2. O Lord, who art blessed, etc. ; 3. Old Testament. New. 4\. Our Father, which art in heaven, etc. 1. Psalms, 35, 1; 2. Matthew, 10, 28 ; 3. Eplie- sians, 6, 13-17; 4. James 3, part of 7th and 8th verses ; 5. Prayer. Prevent us, O Lord ; 0. Prayer. The Lord bless us and keep us. The Waikate militia men are being gradually settled on their land in various parts of Ihe province of Auckland. Sites for future settlements have already been marked out at Mangapouri, on the Waipa, and at Maungatuutari. These positions are well cboeen, and the laud Is described as being of good quality. The affair at Tauranga is the most Important engagement in which the Vic torian militia have yet taken part. An old resident of Maldon, who wes present with tho 1st YYaikato Regiment, gives a version of the affair which does not differ materially from those already received. He states:— "In three minutes from the charge we were bayoneting them in their pits, and firing madly at those retreating." The men seem to have behaved admirably throughout. Ths controversy which for some time past has been raging fast and strong between Major Wallace and the volunteer staff officers lies sub sided for the present, until the question of pre cedence is satisfactorily established. Major Wallace boing on half pay, and therefore still in the Queen's service, holds that he was entitled as the senior officer, being then a Lieutenant- Colonel in the volunteer force, to take command in place of Major Pitt, who only holds volunteer rank. The Ballaarat corps have asked that a full investigation shall be made, with a view of determining the question, and it is suggested that the matter should be left to the decision of several experienced military officers. The Cape House of Assembly have agreed to add 25 per cent, to ell the duties paid upon the fill I r\rot n n AwHnlna « to — i/uiicc, sugar, tea, gun- powder, chicory, and all goods which before tho 20th April were charged with a duty of L7 10s upon every other L100 of their value. A young woman named Catherine M'Coonay, residing in Little Bourke street with her hus band, was taken to the hospital yesterdry mark ing with her throat cut. It appeared that she had attempted to commit aelf destruction, but no reason Is given for tho dreadful act. A man named Jos. Douce was found yesterday evening by Constable Phelan, A 207 in a shed in Fitzroy. The poor fellow was conveyed to tho hospital, when it was found that ho was in n very ex hausted state. Colonial believers In Izsak Walton will, we are sure, gladly receive the followinginformation relativo to their favourite sport, which is fur nished by the Belfast Gazette of Friday: "There is at present living in Belfast a fisherman named Cooper, who is about the most successful angler we ever heard of. He is often seen in tho streets selling fine fish at about one shilling a dozen, all of which are taken by rod and line. On Friday last, notwithstanding the inclemency of tho weather, Cooper might have been seen in his little boat on the Moyne, taking up two, three, and even four at a time. In about nn hour, he hod a large basket filled with fine mullet, nvernging one and n-lialf pounds each. At another time he took forty dozen during an afternoon. The extraordinary quantities he takes in this way are absolutely incredible, and were it not that he pursues his vocation openly, and people on the river ere constantly observing him, no ono would believe it possible that so many fish could bo taken without a net. He usually uses a number of hooks on his line. A short time since he was seen to take in succession — three lours, three threes, and five twos. Cooper Inforois us that lately he went down to the river on a most boisterous stormy day, aud in the course of a few hours he caught more fine mullet than he could take away in a large stable barrow. To show that this Is in a great measure to be attributed to skill, wo may mention that frequently when he is very successful other nnglers will Join him, and use the came kind of bait (shrimps) but with very little success. For four years Cooper has pursued angling as a pro fession, and with all the enthusiasm of an ama teur. At the different seasons lie Is equally successful with bream, trout, whiting, and what is most astonishing, lie has a method of trim ming bis line that garfish aro taken by him in great numbers." The Royal Society hold the fourth meeting of the session this evening, at linlf-pest seven o'clock. A psperwill'be read by Mr Thomas Harrison, entitled " Notes on the Geology of Hobart Town," in connection witli which he will exhibit maps, sections, and a collection of fossils illustrative of the strata in thnt part of Tasmania. Mr Ellcry will exhibit a " Whcat- stonc's exploder," and " Abel's patent fuses," and explain their application in civil and military engineering. Dr Mueller will also give a short description of and a few remarks on the new poison plant of Queensland. Asan example of the utility of the woods or this country wo may mention that the Aberdeen clipper ship Martha Birnie, now 1; ing alongside the Sandridge Railway Pier, required, on her last trip to this port, new topmasts. Two stringy bark trees were obtained from the Black Forest, and spsedily converted into masts. It was theu said by many that they would not stand, on account of the splinty nature of the wood, but tiie trial lias proved to the contrary, as they have answered beyond Capr. M'Queen's most sanguine expectations, nnd on the nrrival of tho ship in England the spars were inspected by several mast makers, who pronounced them to be superior to anything they had previously seen, ond offered Captain M'Queen L20 lor each. Tiiis might have been a tempting offer, as they cost liira only L0 each, but he li-.d tested their real value on the passage home during very severe weather. To prove the durability of the timber of Victoria wo have only to men tion that the ship Admiral, when under the com mand of Cnpt. Freer, about thirteen years ago, had two lower masts of blue gum, cut from near the Dandcnoag ranges, put in her. Those, on the last visit of this vessel to this purt, about four years ago, were ns g od as when first stepped. The principal case tried at the Criminal Ses- fliona on S&tnrrinv; wn< -flint tawnai t Walker, mate of the ship Francis Hillyard, for assaulting John Strachan, one of the seamen of the ship. Strachan shipped at New York as an able seaman, but he turned out to be incapable of discharging his duties efficiently, and on several occasions received castigation at the hands of the mate. The other sailors, too, did not treat him in the most humane manner, and one day the poor fellow jumped overboard. The jury convicted the defendant of a common assault, nnd the judge sentenced him to two months' imprisonment, but afterwards, on the representation of the jury, mitigated the punish ment to a fine of L40. Tho annual general meeting of the Melbourne Catholic Young Men's Society, for the adontion of the annuel report and the election of office bearers for the ensuing year, was held on Mon day evening, II th J uly, in St. Francis' Hall ; the Rev P. Riordan in the chair. The report, whicli was a very favourable one, showed that the so ciety had made great progress, there being about fifty members enrolled, and a considerable in crease had also taken place in its funds during the past twelve months. The members of com mittee had in contemplation the erection of a new hall, and they earnestly recommended the matter to the attention of their succeesors. The election of officers resulted as follows :— President, Mr JohnWhclnn; vice-president, Mr A. J. Tem- pleton; treasurer, Mr T. Murphy ; librarian, Mr Thos. Field. A foot-ball match was played on Saturday afternoon between the Royal Park and Eastern Hill Clubs, on the ground of the latter. Alter an exciting contest, tho Hill obtained two goals, the first being kicked by Aitken, and the second by A. Green. The members of the Melbourne Gorrick club give an entertainment at the Town Hali, Praliron to- morrow evening, in aid of the Shekspore Statue fund. The pieces selected for production, are tho two-act comedy of " Time Tries All" ; and the " Turned Head." A musical interlude will also be given in which songs will be sung by Mrs Fox, Mr Williams, and Mr Angus. Tliel entertainment is under the patronogo of His Excellency the Governor who has announced his intention of being present. At the weekly meeting of the Managing Committee of tho Benevolent Asylum on Thursday, the Superintendent reported the number of inmates from lost week 309 ; died, 3; left of own accord, 1 ; admitted, 4 ; refused for want of room, 13; remaining in the institute, 300 ; besides 25 families getting out door relief. The collectors of the Benevolent Asylum beg to acknowledge the sum of L13 8s 6d from the Em ployees of the Government printing office ; also L10 from Mr John Blytli for the late John M'Qregor, >vho died in the asylum. We perceive by the Police Gazette that a warrant has been issued by the Tuapeka Bench for the apprehension of Evan Henry Lewis, a clerk lately employed in the Tuapeka brauch of the Union Bank of Australasia. He is charged with embezzling L013. It is supposed tliathe will make for Kobart Town, via Melbourne. Lewis Is a native of Tasmania. It will be seen from advertisement that the next of the current series of lectures on Scotland and some of its celebrities will be delivered In Erskine Church, Carlton, this evening, by Pro fessor Irving, on " Christopher North, in his Morel Philosophy class, Ills editorial chair, ft»d his sporting jacket." Under the head of "Dodging defeated," the Warrnamhool Examiner Indulges in the following justifiable bit of ludignatiou :— " We are happy to state that, through theuniteii exertions of our public bodies and our representatives, the sale of Crown lands on Mr Moffatt's station (forty-five miles from Warrnamhool), advertised lo take place in Melbourne, on Tuesday next, has been withdrawn. Wa mftAiMi) n r.. i. . M iruiu uiu Public Lands Office, on Tuesday last, intimating this fact. Now thet this has been nccomplfshcd, there ought to be some exertions made to see who is lo blame for the land being advertised for sale in Melbourne. Evidently a great 'job' was contemplated. Unfortunately, Parliament is not in session at present, or the information might be elicited in some way, but we are afraid very little satisfaction can be obtained. Wo cannot bring ourselves to believe that land so close to Warrnamhool was advertised for sale in Melbourne through a mistake. Depsnd upon it, it was a mistake on purpose, and we only regret the authors of it cannot be detected and punished." The first of the series of lectures to be de livered by Professor Halford on the " Circulation of the blood" takes place this afternoon, at the School of Medicine. For the accompanying information relative to an alarming accident which occurred last Tues day morning, to the coach which travels to and from Ballaarat, we are indebted to Friday's Ararat Advertiser It will be remembered that the night was very foggy, and in conse quence of the impossibility of discovering the road, tho conch and passengers were driven into Lake Burrumbcet, Happily the depth although sufficient to drive the passenger) on to tho roof of the conveyance/did not rise much higher than than the inside seats. One horse was drowned 1 and the mail bagswore completely saturated! TheMelbournenewspapersweredistributed almost 1 in a state of pulp. They were all in tatters, 1 and it required no little care end trouble to ren der them readable ; the Argus and Age suffered 1 the most, but newsmongers managed to decipher 1 the latest intelligence. A passenger thus criti- ' y describes the escape:— 'Supposing five 1 chauccs to represent drowning, four-fifths of the chances were lost; but by the remaining one-fifth chance all escaped except the horse that was drowned.' Whether this description pro perly represents the danger we know not ; such is tho account that has reached us. There seems no doubt that all the passengers ran a very narrow risk. The coach did not arrive in Ararat till after two o'clock, instead of tho usual li.ur .f ten e'clock." The Victorian policemen have acquired the reputation of possessing great intelligence, and generally, perhaps, there is no reason to com plain of their want of perception. Tiiero are, however, some notable exceptions to the rule, and from time to time curious blunders aro made by the preservers of tho public pence. Of these " bulls," perhaps as rich a one as any was made by a constable at the City Court on Saturday morning Inst. Being called on to givoeridenco agninst a man who was given Into liis custody for stealing a cauliflower from a cart in the Eastern mnrket, this " intelligent bobby" by way of identifying the vegetable as one token from the cart in question, stated that " upon examination lie found it corresponded exacily with those left in the cart." This statement was received with roars of laughter, nnd tho prisoner far from being dismayed by such overwhelming evidence actually had the bold ness to ask for and obtained a remand to prove that he bought the vegetable elsewhere ! We have received the following extraordinary epistle through the post from Adelaide: — " South Australa, Clarendon, 6 July, 1804. to the Eddtor of the Mclborn Herld. Sir, — I thank you for the discription given in your isue of the 15 June of the Person of Sarauiel woods or wood. I Have Resnn to think that He is my Brother, end if so He never was guilty ofanay thing in this Coloney for 14 years or moe you Speake of His vilannous Looks, His Soft track devawanin aptness ac if this is my Brother I know it to be His Bent of min Pius But falling into Bay Bad companey it is all verey weell for Editors to moralise aon feed the Public mind. But Bare in mind men are curcpted some times as well as Youth and it is so with wood Here He was a Honist an worthy member of socity for 14 year, but as Left Her tiirou adverce curcumstancs witch i Have inlormd the gover nor of the fitzroy goal, ond as fallin in to Bad Hand. He was quick nnd incauslou9 in all thins and no Experanc vlllin waul Have done as He did. He is no. ticket of Leaf man if you think it worth your wile you will Be able to nscrtein from the govcrner of tho fitzroy city Lock up nbout the sucssess of my Letter nnd Publish the Same, i am. Sir, etc, J. P. Cook." Wo have a copy of the Port Louis Commercial Gazette of the 1st J uno ; but excepting a mnss of correspondence relative to the Indian Immi gration Bill, a brief account of a bail given at Government House by Sir Henry Barkly, and a report of the sentence passed by the Chief Judge upon Thomas O'Toole, convicted of embezzling several sums of money which came into his hands as a public officer, there is no Intelligence calling for reference. O'Toole was sentenced to impri sonment with hard labour for six years, and to pay a fine, in terms of the penal codo, of the amount embezzled, viz., L22Q9 5s Id. " It is reported," says the Border Post, " that Mr Hector M'CauUey, of Myrtleford, bos lost L803 under the following circumstance : — He was riding into Bcechworth to bank the money, and had it all safe in his pocket on leav ing the Blue Bell hotel at Myrtleford. On reaching Mr Row's place in Bowman's Forest, he missed the money, and immediately rode back towards Myrtleford. Tha empty pocket book was found lying on tho rond, alto pleco of news paper which had been wrapped round it, but the notes were gone. Such is the rumour knocking about Beechwoith, but it is not generally be lieved. Robert Edmunds, the youth who on Friday stabbed his employer, by whom he had been accused of stealing a purse left in the shop by a customer, was committed for trial on Saturday by the magistrates of tho Ballaarat Eastern Police Court. oume exceiiem ii&uis; ot b&tT;&couta; buye re- cently been made at Port Fairy. According to the Belfast Gazette, " during the Inst week the harbour of Port Fairy has been literally swarm ing with immense schools of barracouta. On Friday last two fishermen, in a sailing boat, took nearly one hundred of these excellent fish in about two hours, and they have also been equally successful on several days during the week." The L1000 reward offered by the Government of New South Wales for the capture of Morgan, alive or dead, seems to have excited quite a rush from the localities in propinquity to Ihe working ground of thit ruffian. The Border Post gives the latest news in the following paragraph :— "The lost we have heard of the 'indignant public's raid upon Morgan the bushranger is the case of four miners — mates. Having for some months failed in getting gold in their claim, not a hundred miles from Rutlierglen, they have looked up tho rewards for new diggings. Mor gan and his L1000 offer a certain prospect — if they can only see him. They have armed to the teeth, and we are told have started on their mission of mercy." In the Legislative Council of Mauritius, on the 30th of May, tho following .formed a portion of the business transacted : — " Read minute under the hand of His Excellency the Governor, laying before the Board copy of a despatch, with enclosures from the Secretary of State, trans mitting for the early consideration of the Legis lative Council of Mauritius a communication from the Postmaster-General respecting the contemplated French mall packet service between Aden, Reunion, ond Mauritius. The proposi tions made by tha French and accepted, aabjeet to the approval of the Board, by the British Government, do not, so far as His Excellency's information extends, effect any alteration In tho present rates of postage, or in the share thereof carried to the credit of the revenue of this colony; pnd as there can be no quostion of the advantage of a seeOHu line of steam communica tion, His Excellency will be happy to bo the medium of intimating the acquiescence of the Board in the arrangements proposed.— Referred to the Finance Committee." At the City Court, on Saturday last, thirty- seven applications for night licenses wers granted by Mr Sturt, who took occasion to exoress his dissent from the provision of the act which allowed every one to obtain a license to keep his house open all night. Ho said that the act gave him no discretion, or he would refuse every one of the applications. He thought it was quite sufficient that the publicans shsuld be allowed to keep open until twelvo o'clock. If any ex ception were mnde it should only be to posting houses or those in the vicinity of markets. He considered that the present arrangement would be very injurious to the peace and quietness of tho town. He further remarked that there was no precedent for the license in any other country, and mentioned that in London only ten houses were permitted to be kept open all night. A champion ploughing match is projected at Kyneton, which will be open to the colony. A prize of L50 heads the list. Charles Edwards and Alfred Hennington, for shooting two tame black swans, were ordered by the Kyneton Bensh on Friday to pay L10 damages, with L3 costs. From the M. and D. Advertiser we extract the accompanying particulars of a robbery at Mount Beckworth:— "On Tuesday evening, between the hours of six and ten o'clock the homestead of Mr Leys, a farmer residing about half a mile from the Stirling Castle hotel, Mount Beckworth, was entered, and a large quantity of wearing apparel, all the bedding, a saddle, a cheque for L40, and a cheque for L20, both on the Union Bonk, Clunes, a receipt for L27 16s 3d, and three bags of oats were stolen there from. There were also several firearms taken. Mr Leys, who is a single man, was absent at the time the robbery was committed, and had left no person to look after the premises. The entrance wa9 effected through the front door of the house, iriiich hod been left unlocked. The value of the mon case came before the CIrculio"f) - nesday. A female of hitherto ter appeared in the dock, chargH'b, some articles of baby clothln! woman exhibited the most painfof,. % situation, having, according duced, taken the articles from tfcNw a species of kleptomania induct, ' encemto. His Hsuour, much I present, acquitted her on sauce of L50, to appear al„ > ' giving this decision, J us,ic(! B i was induced to take the mildi..! ? by the very light ealendTbeT reflected much credit on the o)L '>4 people of this district." cI">raot« i We commend the following, f„m(. „ lit gower Times, to the attention of ir Sp- " Padley ond Co., tho ironmonge"1' (ps having cause of complaint remS HIP delivery of certain goods, '1- communication with Reynolds and pTt® K ' , received the following memo -!!' I 1 the journey from Melbourne of the 3 E ' signment of iron is instructive, and goods are sometimes longer ner roll l HI' formerly were by road. Origt 1 having left Melbourne by 4 a.ni Hm 7th, the truck- containing it .n.i — . '4 Castlemaine till 4.30 p I on unloaded at 8 a.m. on the 11th, or m'-i'Bf hours after It left Melbourne. These K for themselves/' t Our Gipps Land contemporary rt.o . Mfel accuses the Bank of Victoria ofcoRJ the interests of that district in not pute/ Kb return of their gold purchases : — " ThoJj Bp says the Guardian, " that they woukJJ' Bl: I foolish to send their gold by a coraptjjj Br' distant route, when thoy have an oppgJK of meeting nn escort at a short dlstanci, ' It' well! We do not object to that. But,'! ' them to give us a proper record of ths.fi they have purchased in Glpps Land, anlrfl not ceoso aggravating tbera until thrl Tlicy may send their gold whore tlicy p'j I they only supply us with the record lbs can give." Hp An old man called Billy Cole was shodj burnt at Stirling's hotel, Winchelsea, «ntjf day ovening last. The Geelong ChronfoB plies the accompanying particulars of the J dont : — " He was standing before the fluM ' whilo the borman was out must have fallen ij. ? 111 - mm luc in u, iv iien, nut ior tiie r-n assistance rendered by Mr Walker ui, J" Gullen, he would have been burnt to death, hi the moans of a blanket those gentleman - to extinguish the flames in which tho mui 1 enveloped. Dr Mcyler was speedily in a& ft n nnce, and administered anodynes to the suit ft ' Mr Stirling, wilh his usual kindness, rendeift ® every assistance by supplying a conveyance tft .? convey (ho man to the Geelong Hoipifal, wherift.1 he now remains in a very dangerous tUte. BftiyKi was perfectly sober, and had only aniieA atthiftl hotel a few minutes before." H| The Orpheus Union announces the tint ii H scrlption concert of this (the fourth) season h Wednesday evening next, at St. Gcorg'e's Oil The special object of this society is the cultiv of the old English glee and madriga1 ; the success which has attended the ; seasons is, we think, a guarantee that ' : . IB Union has now become an established We are glad to observe by the progr-.taic-. >1::H the English school will be better rcpn-"i,';'ita-. H at anytime during the past season, w!ioii,ii l H be admitted, there was too great a prq i' - J;:.-. -! H of German compositions. Hiss O. II?- t:; Hj Miss Mortley will, of course, be in th i lo ; ! .! Hi of old; and Mr Schott U named for a .; i Hj oboe. Mr C. E. Horsley has very t>.V, .V Hi his services, and Mr C. H. Compton, i. s. ; t. ft) putation as a musical conductor In '? Bome years since, wil wield the ba :: present year. fti " A Match for a TV Inn " tnlil-l. n. 1 Bl van's patrons are well aware, is t r that gentleman of "Don Cmsar deB ; a very good one too, was perfon ; r Theatre Royal on Satutday night, i ' farces of "A Guaidian Angel" auu Struck." The manager's embodiment of to impoverished Spanish grandee was, as vbu faithful to the picture which the French ante of the original piece have drawn of this unifJ character. Don Ccesar's recklessness, his act sensoof honour, and, above all, his susceptitil to the dictates of that unwritten code of hou which supplies infallible canons for tho obsea ance of the true gentleman, were most skilful, ; pourtrayed, the aclor thoroughly reconciling lb audience to the parti- coloured morality of th fictitious hero by the fine touches of feelingwhM he Infused into the representation. Miss SI® timer made a successful re-ontree as Sloll; Snaggs in " A Guardian Angel," playing thi amorous housemaid, with a most amusing sd abandon. The piece Is itself is but a short remove from rubbish, but it has a few funr situatious, which this lady nnd Sir Stewart n.sr the most of. ja tho last piece Miss Emo Neville re-eppeared as Sally Scraggs, a youq lady with a mania for theatrical display, ul more than confirmed the favourable impiwdoi she produced In " The Little Treasure." 1 rich fund of humour, an excellent voice, mush In spoken dialogue, and flexible, well inton-, and sympathetic when otherwise employed, i handsomo presence, and an unaffected and genii demeanour, are this lady's characteristics— wF v mean ones, the reader will say, in an aclreal; . A medley duet, in which she was ably assisted tj| f Mr Charles Young, who enacted Tom Tape, wuj deservedly applauded aud encored, hut pompllaooj with a re-demand had been very properly iis'l : bidden. Mr Stewart, as Count Glorieux, ml ' diverting enough, although bis dialect aft ; rather shattered French than broken Engli ft He also indulged successfully in a medley. 1> ftc housc was crowded. ' B The company of minstrels organised b,r» B Jot Brown have been performing with coi- B able success in India. At tho date of the lasld- vices, they were at Samarang in the island Java, where they had met with a most farounftft reception. They intended shortly to viift Australia. Amongst the members of the ccnft pany is Mr Collins, one of tho nrioinnl 