The letter wliicli is printed in another column from a patient in the Mel bourne Hospital, refers to a practice which is an outrage upon our common humanity. The public charities of this city are in the highest degree creditable to the liberality of the community, and to the Parliament, which so largely subsidises the contributions of the citizens. The internal government of these institutions is, we believe, all that can be desired, and the number of cures will bear a favourable comparison with the best managed hospitals of the '.. mother' country. . Of the skill and attention by the medical staff, both . resident and honorary, the patients speak in the highest terms. Nor do we complain that the committee watch with extreme : jealousy the expenditure upon the funerals of the unfortunates whose lives they are unable to save. The plain, deal coffin, and tho plain hearse, mentioned by our correspondent satisfy the requirements of public decency, which is all that is necessary. But the omission of any religious ceremony at the grave is an oversight to which the attention, civil and ecclesiastical, of the authorities, can scarcely have been directed: They could not have known that as our correspondent states, the bodies of unclaimed paupers are buried with as little care and atten tion as if- they were ' so -many dogs, -that the feelings of the bystanders are systematically outraged, that the ignominy from which charitable jurors ...by a verdict of temporary insanity usually shelter the suicide, is visited, mth all its horrors, upon the wretch whose only crime is poverty. Surely \- " the State which interferes to prevent the most abandoned wretch from dying . of starvation, should extend its oharity to his remains. 1 i It is not many days since' : an .. old colonist, who had in his time occupied a prominent position in our little world, died friendless and destitute in tho Melbourne Hospital. His last hours were soothed by no hand more tender tlian that of the hired nurse ; his pillow was surrounded by nono of those weeping relatives whoso presence does so much to assuage the bitterness of that last hour to which nil of us are with so much rapidity hasten ing. What will be the feelings of tho sons and daughters, separated from their dead father by so many thousand miles of dark and stormy sea, when they learn that not only did he die tho death of a pauper, but that his remains were treated with the coarso and studied neglect which is meted out to dead hospital patients in the Mel bourne Cemetery. The long Parliamentary recess, in wbicb there are no dobates to fill tbo columns, and no " privileged ruffians" to bowl down and scarifv. is verv nn- propriately termed by the Saturday Itemen the " silly season." It is indeed a dreary interval with some of our contemporaries, who seem com pelled to fill up the space (which tho readers of the dear papers must pay for) with the verbose platitudes of " special correspondents," or with imaginary controversies- between the Editor and some ingenuous noodle, or incorrigible blockhead, of his own creation. This is emphatically, in Collins street at least, the silly season ; and our friends there are availing themselves of its privileges, as if every body, including even their few bigotted admirers, did not see through die farce. The last transparent dodge of this kind is a discussion, whether real or imaginary we will not pretend to say, between our contemporory and some innocent inquirers after truth, on tho subject of protection. Ho calls for correspondents and they "do come" from the " vasty deep ;" but his diffi culty seems to be to quiet them and send them hack again. A real ghost or demon has sometimes, wo are told, come at the call of the necromancer. He cannot, at pleasure, always lay tho apparition he has ovoked ; and, in this caso perhaps, our wizard may, like Fiian kenstkin, have called into being, or at least into his presence, what he will soon regard as a monster ready to devour him. Wo take this, however, as an indication that the subject is fermenting in men's minds that it begins to thrill through the body politic ; that, in fact-, a great controversy— as real and as fierce as the hunger and impatience of the unemployed and unsuccessful can make it — is impending, and that our contem porary is not yet quite certain which side it would he most politic to take. We need not inform our readers that we, like many of those who are, in this colony, termed protectionists, always havo been, and still are, political econo mists and free traders of the old school, and, in England, should be quite ready to fight the battle over again, and on the same principles as wo have done before, ngainst the monopolising land lords and the sugar-growing slave holders. But we were never mere doctrinaires. We never carried out our opinions to the extreme of bigotry and fanaticism. We never believed in a revelation of political economy, nor swore by the inspiration or infallibility of any of its oracles. We always felt the distinction between the pure and the mixed sciences ; between those universal and fundamental laws, which can hardly he gainsaid in the abstract, and their application to the infinitely varied and tangled relations of human seoiety. We believe the abstract . rprinci- ples of political economy, as .usually defined, to be as nearly demon strated as possible. But it ia empha tically a science of relations and pro portions ; what is true in its application, in one place, may be false in another ; so that a tariff which, in England, would amount to a prohibition, and be most oppressive and extortionate to the consumer) in Australia might create no more than a slight check on excessive importations, and give our manufacturers here no greater advan- tftffA nvfiP fiiPAiffnAr flinn fli A emnp — "O -"O ('«ss have, in England, against their powerful rivals on the continent of Euro,. This, however, is neither protection or prohibition, in the popu lar sense of iw terms ; and until this is accomplished, st, js jfj0 t0 talk of free trade, when no v-aae really esists on our side, in ninety-;ne out 0f a hundred of the arts and niMxufactures of an old society. We go beyond all this, and we admit, for the sake of argument, tliu. any sacli change in tfrs tariff, £3 now sought for _ by tho mass of the people, might possibly tell against us, in z. pecuniary s -1 the balance of account wi -t 'foreign ; ,1S and this is the knock-down argument of the ultra fanatically-orthodox and pedantic Free-trader. But concede this ; grant that society may be called upon, as a community , to make a pecuniary sacrifice (apparently and in figures, and only on the face of the- account) for the benefit of its most important members —its children !— and that benefit mean ing redemption irom barbarism, igno rance and licentiousness, and, on the other side, tha cultivation of the virtues and accomplishments that are attendant upon industry, through all time ; and you will silence your opponent, so long as he relies merely on the low and nar row ground that you are calling for a pecuniary sacrifice. Such yre some of the considera tions which must force themselves upon the mind of a moderate and impartial man, especially if. unconnected with trade or speculation of any kind -a statesman, in fact— who can look above narrow cliques, and beyond tho petty- jealousies of the hour. Such a man will look with horror and pity upon tho rising generation of this colony. He will inquire what kind of savages they will become in a few more descents, if they are left without instruction in those arts and manufactures which really go to make rup -civilisation, and have made it, in Italy, in' Flanders, in England, and wherever it exists and flourishes. He will see how the abstract . principle of free trade is violated, every j day and all day long, in tho greater 1 part of our public oxpendituro, — in I state aid to religion, in our common j schools and grammar schools, in our univorsity and our hospitals, I in our rail-roads and postal-service ; j and in a variety of other things, all of I which (wo repeat it) are gross and | palpable violations of the abstract | principle; and lie will then feel less hesitation in making one more sacrifice — if such it he — to save society itself from perishing, as it seems likely to do in the persons of its offspring, if left to their present resources, beforo many generations have elapsed. We see what they are coming to in New South Wales; not from con- victism, but from want of varied, remunerating, and stimulating employ ment. We are not advocating any uicul ) uttu hc ijaiitiuii lviiin. iuu outcta of Melbourne — we cannot read the police reports, without feeling an anguish unutterable at the state and prospects of tho children growing up to maturity. We cannot all become diggers, or squatters, or even farmers. The love of handicraft is even instinc tive; anil it is no solution of the problem to quote tho dictum of Mr. O'Siia.vassy, who, when Mr. IIeales asked in tho Assembly " What was to be done with the boys," replied, " Why, marry them to the girls." Tho suggestion was, no doubt, eminently statesmanlike and humane, and would probably satisfy the most ardent wishes of the young people themselves ; but it is "just because we wish to raise them to a nobler destiny and higher pursuits than thoso they have in common with the brute boasts, that we are willing to discuss any scheme, under any title, and proceeding from any quarter, that proposes to give any " oncouragement to native industry and colonial manu factures." The eighty-eighth anniversary of American Independence passed off in Melbourne without the slightest show ol demonstration on the part of the American citizens. The glorious 4tli of July yesterday presented a grave contrast to the former anniversaries. In Collins street west, where the American merchants mostly hove their offices, there was only one single ensign displayed, and that was in front of the Consul's office, and in the evening there was no celebra tion of any kind. Dr. Grecvcs has retired from the contest for East Bourkc Boroughs. The reason assigned by ldm is that, as the successful cnndldato will not bo able to take his seat, lie has resolved with the advice of many of his supporters " not to put the country to the cost, nor the electors the trouble of prolonging the contest for the sake of so barren a result." We suppose that Mr Copo will be elected without any opposition. In our second loading article yesterday it was stated that the fees, charges, etc., of medical students came to about L70 per annum. Wo have since been furnished with an official state ment from the Registrar of the University to the effect that the average lor the Ave years of tho medical course is about LCO per annum,- which includes matriculation and all other fees and charges. The difficulty of making the Univer sity fees agree witli the University regulations is sufficient excuse for any error that may have been committed. Tho City Council li-d along and tedious Bit ting yesterday. Eoave or sVicnco fo «. uwma ' was granted to tlie Mayor, but the appointment of a member of tho Council to perform his official duties was postponed until next meeting. In reference to the application of Mr Cockhurn, a confectioner, in Collins street, requesting, tho Council to petition the Governor in Council to proclaim tho city of Melbourne a district in which beer licenses might be issued, it was con sidered that sucli a step would be unadvisablo, and, therefore, could not bo granted. Some considerable time wig oc.'up'cd In discussing amendments on a new bye law for the regis tration of hackn-y carriages, and in consequence of Hie Crown solicitor having disallowed one of the. clauses relating to the cancelling of licenses as being contrary to the act, it was resolved to take the opinion of counsel on the question. . According to announcement tho - Esscndon Railway was closed for traffic on the 1st inst, and the residents in that locality ore now com pelled to resort to the road as a means of con veyance to and from their homes. The zealous conduct of Mr Sheridan, the Vic torian scab inspcitor on tiie.Eower Murray, lias induced the settlcis to present him with a slight testimonial of approval — a gold watch. . The Gipps Land Times of Friday last says : — "The result of the political meetings held at Sale since' our last issue have pretty clearly shown us that tho middle district of Gipps Land lms not lagged behind in the po'itical advance ment of the present day. Extreme measures arc no lontrer wanted. There is but little bar now existing to the possession of the agricultural lands of the colony. The lock lias been broken, and it only requires to be gently taken off. No person but Dr. Mackay ever said the present land law was perfection. We never thought so; at the some time we believed that only sotno slight altcratioas were necessary to reader tho Duffy Land Act much nearer perfe-.'(Qn than any laud act which has as yet osed the Parlia ment of Victoria. Tho -amendment of the pre sent act, will ho one 0f the most important duties of tuo ncw Legislature, and to do tbi« succPisfnlij- auj| permanently we must find men a different calibre to those who, by their ill umed opposition, on the last occasion when the muted Miolster of Lands and Survey at- 'V'®a. ta amend the Duffy Act, threw such difheui tics ik the way, and assisted to moke such unapplicable ablations that, when the amended bdl stood before Mbe Upper House, (twos one mass of absurdities, wtimut a single clause io prevent the undue speuinttwa of moneyed monopolists. The great ohjt or every good land law must be to provide homu for Uo30\ri,0 must be not only able and willing to work, but must also have some meanii to work tho groum. with." Wc understand that endeavours are being made to obtain the release of Messrs Hanceck and Sawcil, late of the Provident Institute, and that application will be made during the present term for a writ of habeas, on tho ground of several irregularities which took place during the trial. By the Coorong, we have Adelaide papers to tho 2nd instant, but they contain nothing that has not been anticipated by the telegraph. The fortnightly meeting of the Hotham Council, which should have been held last night, lapsed for want oi a quorum. The next meeting will bo held on Monday ntxt. A report n-as current in Sale on Wednesday, that tho Alpine quartz crushing machine had been engaged in ciushing for No. 3 South, Stringer's Creek, and that the first washing up had realised 2Joz to the ton. A party having recent information from that mysterious locality, however, informs tho Gipps Land Times, that the 2ioz were only expected, not realised. It is said that South Gipps Land is about to 6end a requisition to Mr J. D. Wood to stand for that district. The requisition, we are told, says the Gipps Land Times, " has emanated from the landholders 'on Reeves' Survey, who seem bd much pleased with Mr Wood's monagement that they will return him at any price. Air Wood has been always a liberal agent for the property. The tenants on tho Survey may, however, gain a little information hy - comparing their rented holding o.nd the holdings of the occupation licensees at Msffra and Tinaraba." The City Council resolved, yesterday, to ex tend the time for tho Town-hall des'gns for another fortnight, in order to afford tho archi tects who hare not yet completed their plnns, an opportunity of competing. Already seven designs have been sent in. Amonsst the list of insolvents who, yesterday, ob tained certificates of discharge, appears the namo of Mr James Simmonds, late lessee of the Ilny- lnarkct Theatre. A fuller and more accurate account of the way in which Police Sergeant M'Ginnerty met his death at tho hnnds of the ruffian Morgan, is given in nnotlic-r column, from tho Border Post of Friday inst. Tho Gipps Land Times reports a public meet ing licld on Saturday evening, nt Sale, for the purpose of making arrangements to invite a candidate to come forward at the general election. After some discussion relative to inviting Mr Grant to stand, Mr J. M'Milian said that ho was not prepared to say Mr Grant had promised to stand if asked, but lie believed lie would. Hc Iienrd Mr Grnnt deny thnt 7 hc Eerald had any authority for stating lie would ngnin contest the Avoca district. The follow ing resolution was then put and carried, witli only nno dessentient, viz., " Thnt Messrs Gutli- ridgc, W. II. Smith, John M'Milian, William Craig, B. Bennison, James Davcy, and W. Patten (the mover), be appointed n committee to prepare n requisition to the Hon. J. M. Grant, M.L.A., to nllow himself 10 be put in nomina tion as a candidate for Nortli Gipps Land, at the ensuing general election j and in tho event of their being unsuccessful, that they report at ouce to a future meeting." " Whether owing to tho paucity of Americans on Bailairat, or to the fact that the Union that at one time existed hits turned out so unhappily, (says last night's Post) thoro was a total absence of any display on the occasion tho 83th anni versary of American Independence, and the 4th of July was passed over without notice." The inquiry Into the murderous outrage nt tlic Round Hill station, N.S.W., by Morgan, the bushranger, has at length been concluded hy the finding that decens-d met his denth from a gun shot wound inflicted hy Alergan ; and a warrant has been issued for the apprehension of the murderer. Tho July Sittings of tho Bourkc General Sessions were commeuccd yesterday, but none of the cases tried excited any interest. Emily Dolliraore, who hnd been admitted to hail on another charge of stealing from the person, did not appear when called upon. Her recogni sances, however, were not estreated, the Court determining to give her the chance of appearing before the termination of the sittings. Nathan, her presumed accomplice, was admitted to bail, to tako his trial at tho next Criminal Court. At Albury, on Thursday last, Air R. II. Alills, a druggist, in business there, was dis covered dead behind tho counter of his own Bliop at half-past two o'clock in the day. The store had not been opened since the morn ing, and on tho deceased's neighbours entering the house to ascertain the cause of the shop being shut, they found ids body stretched out, cold and stiff in death. It was at first thought that deceased had died . from apoplexy, as he was of a full habit of body, and no other cause of death appeared at ail plausible ; " but," says the Border Post, "we are obliged to mention thnt an ounce bottle of hydrocyanic acid of Schocle's strength, a most active and certain poiion, was found ' stoppered,' but almost empty, near his right hand. Deceased, although grently re spected, and an universal favourite in private life, was in difficulties." The quartz reefs in tho neighbourhood of Golden-square, Sandhurst, are exciting a re vival of the attention which they received some time ago. Last week the Ajax Company, which has not long been formed for working a claim on the Napoleon reef, crushed only three tons of qutirto, fram sA»1o\hik\ \\\h< ytnld of52oz 13dwt. Tho first of a series of lectures on " Some of the Scottish celebrities, " to he delivcied in Ers- kine Church, Carlton, in aid of the fund now being raised for building h manse, was delivered last evening by Mr David Blair, who selected for bis subject "Edward Irving and the I'u 'pit of Scotland," in which lie traced the course of the life of this noble-minded but extraordinary man during his connection with the Church of Scotland. His peculiar fanaticisms in reference to the second advent and the miraculous gifm, which resulted in his deposition from his own church, and his obtuining a large number of followers for the foundation of the Irvingite Church. The lecturer gave several extracts from the work of Airs Oliphant, and in conclusion rend ttio summarised biography of Irving written on his death by .Thomas Carlyle, and published in Fraser's Magazine. A vote of thanks was unanimously accorded to Mr Blair. The audience was numerous. The case of the Crown v Dallimore, involving several important points in connection witli the land law of tho colony, occupied the attention of the Term Court duriog the greater portion of yesterday. Mr Dallimore was the purchaser ; from Alessrs Clougli and Co of the Lnmplough run, near Avoca, a large portion of which had been proclaimed a common under the Nicholson Lnrid Sales Act. These commons were ahol- : ished in the latter part of 1863, and the territory was immediatelv claimed liv Mr Dallimore. wlio in fact, had never ceased to run his sheep upon it. The Government, who had in the meantime sold the cornmon us two runs to other persons took steps to eject Air Dallimore, which were res'jtcd, and'in tho arguments which took place yestorday, the whole question of the legol posi tion of the pastoral tenants was discussed. For the Crown it was urged that they were simply tenants nt will, aud their occupation could be determined at any moment. For the defendant | it was submitted that the squatters wero lessees from year to year; that tho Government hnd no option hut to issue tho licenses ; that 110 power existed to proclaim commons over occupied runs, or if it did, that when they were abolished tho right to depasture them reverted, not to tho Crown, hut to the squatters, whose claims were suspsnded during tho exlstcnoo of the common. Otherwise the fiovorunient might by simply proclaiming common's all over the colony and then destroying them, initiate n system of pastoral occupancy totally opposed to the. spirit of the Land Act. All .the counsel engaged in the case had not been heard when the Court adjourned. The Gipps Land Times says: — "For 'some 'me we have refrained . from complaining of the staw;n wliicli. we receive our Melbourne news - papers: jn 0f floods we can excuse a contractor- Jiving newspapers delivered un readable, but'— jnc weather it shows that care lessness exists som,-,jCTc( We are quite sure that no ono likes to p-j the abominable postage tax on newspapers, and v-on receive them un readable." The following is the description 0f (j10 n0|o_ rious Alorgan, the bushranger, fro- the Hue and Cry of the Sydney Police Gaintte : " Daniel Morgan, ago 35, height five feet ien Inches, long black hair, long heard, with u brown tingo nt the points ; long straight nose, very sharp ; sallow complexion, with brown spots like freckles. In figure, he appears and walks very loose jointed, and seems as if lie had weak knees. His speaking is at times ex tremely slow, and at others very quick." "It would appear (says the Bcndigo Ad vertiser) from tlie course pursued by the au thorities, that the recent act providing for neglected children being received at a Refor matory, Is somewhat of a dead letter here. On Friday last, a boy named Henry Thompson — the same whom the woman named Gray is jchnrged with deserting — was brought before tho Aluni- cipal Bench, and ordered to be forwarded to the Reformatory, thes Bench (adopting 'the course prescribed by the act, and sentencing tlie juvenile to twenty-four hours' impri- sonment in the gaol, with instructions to tho gaoler to forward him at tho expiration of that time to tho reformatory. On Saturday con- stable Doyle, the keeper of tho municipal lock-up, informed tlie Mayor that on the day following tho boy's imprisonment in gaol lie was turned out into the streets. Under theao circumstances tlie Afayor could only remand the boy to gaol as n vagrant. It docs not nppenr wheiher tho other children, who were similarly sentenced to bo forwarded to tho Reformatory, have been sent to their destination, are still in gaol, or have been again turned loose in the streets." Two of the three parties most seriously in jured by tho late accident to tho Sandhurst and Raywood coach aro recovering rapidly. Tlie policeman suffering from concussion of the brain was expected to be abio to give evidence in tho Police Court, Sandhurst, on Alondny; and Peiry, who had ids collnr bono broken, is getting well. The Gerniatl 1'cranzi, whose skull was fractured, has recovered conscloiisness, hut his life is still in imminent danger. The usual monthly meeting of the United Australian Benefit Society was held last even ing, nt the society's rooms, 87 Little Collins airecicasc; iur nu/ues in tnc cnair. jno minutes of tho previous meeting having been rend and confirmed, tlie secretary reminded tho meeting that death had deprived them, since they last met, of ono of the most advanced and conservative of our Australian citizens, Richard Hcalcs. Hc also informed tlie members present that, on the first starting of the society, the manuscript prospectus was submitted to him for his opinion, of which he expressed himself heartily pleased, and very inucli regretted that Stato affairs precluded liira from giving it thnt support which it deserved. A circular cmbodyiug tlie principal objects of the society was laid on tho table for circulation, and, after the transac tion of some routine business, the meeting ad journed. The Castlemaine Savings Bank was opened at the Council Chambers 011 Saturday for tiie re- cept'on of deposits. There was a perfect rusli of depositors, thus making a most successful com mencement. Tho sums received, including bonuses, amounted to L55 lis Gd. A meeting will be held this evening, at linlf- past seven, in the orderly room, Carlton, for the purpose of inaugurating tho Cnrlton Penny Savings Bank. IVe wish every success to tho movement, its being one in the right direction. The Ballnarnt Gymnastic Club lias been for mally constitute'!. The members were to com mence operations lost evening, in the hall, Doveton street. The Smeaton, Spring Hill, and Bullarook Agricultural Association is going to sow the ground ploughed during the Jato match on tlie reserve, witli English grass seeds. This, most certainly, will be a step in tho right direc tion. The Der',!""iii Chronicle lias heard, on good authority, it is exceedingly probable tlmt before mnny weeks elapse the country between that town ami Moama will bo directed to be surveyed, in view of the construction of a rail way. The following lands were free-selected at Albury on tlie 23td ult. : — It will lie observed thnt another Victorian hns been induced to cross the border : — George Sherwin, of Taramiah, 320 acres, Alulwaia, county Denison ; George Ed monds Sherwin, of Taraminli, 320 acres at Alul waia, county Denison; Robert Al'Innes, of Corowa, 100 acres, parish of Corowa ; Alexander Galingcr, of Wnhgunynh, Victoria, 320 acres, Boomanoomanoo, county Denison ; total, 1113 acres. A letter has been received at Castlcmaino from tlie law officers of the Crown, which states that the Borough Council have no power over nuy creeks or watercourses within the borough .beyond maintaining- their cleanliness as drains ; and thatnot only has U10 Council no power to grant mining claims in thoin, but it cannot enter into contracts for the improvement of such channels, and permit mining as a condition of contract. . Tha crops in Bullarook (near Bnllaarnt) aro reported to' be, on tlie ' average, looking very well. Patches of the cabbage blight are visible on the young oats, but ns the soil is rich the crop will soon outgrow the ill effects of tlie visi tation. Tiie crops in Smeajon are also, in general, looking healthy. Am area of 25 acres of barley in one farm does not, however, look very thriving, i; haying been sown ratlior early and the ground being wet. On n farm, Scrub Ilill, tlie cabbage blight is also to be seen in various patches among the oats, but the crops in general in that locality seem in tolerably good condition. The Alelbourne correspondent of the Star states " that on Thursday, the last day for the issue and sendee of writs of the Supreme Court fur tho next term, Air Moorhead, stock and share broker, who, a short time hack recovered damages, against the Age newspaper to the ex tent of L350, gavo instructions for writs to be issued ngainst Air V. II. Cropper) G. Brown, W. Clarke and Sons, all sliarcbrokcrs, claiming d amages to the extent of L2000. The grounds of action arc said to be alleged losses in conse quence of Air Aloorhend's expulsion from the Melbourne Stock Exchange." On tho 17th ult., one of the heaviest hail storms ever witnessed in the southern districts of New South Wales' occurred at Juaubung, Lower Lncblan, Alnny of the hailstones were the size of a lien's egg, and in such quantities did they descend, that the ground was covered with them to the depth of a foot ; they didy,ot all thaw until late the fuilowing day. inO storm was followed by heavy rain, whi'a extended to the back plains, thus making them available for stock. Tlie Koh-i-noor and Extended Alining Com panies, BoViaarat, have not given up all hope of ccming to a compromise of the dispute pending between them. " A meeting of the shareholders in the former company," says the ' Star, " is to lie convened this week for the purpose of discuss ing the subject, but whether in the hope of receiving an offer of terms from the Extended Company, or fur tho purpose of1 giving to tlie directors what diplomatic note -writers call an ultimatum, wc do not know. In the mean time work will have been going on in the dis puted ground under tho Cuurtuf Alines manager. The Extended Company paid a dividend of L1G on Saturday for the fortnight, and tlie Koh-i- no r Company L18 for the same period. Tlie latter company obtaiued 075 >z of gold during the fortnight, and the dividend paid was cxclu- sivo (of a icserve of over L2200 fur current expenses and special liabilities." The Pastoral Times says — "Wc learn from undoubted authority that the railway will be opened for goods traffic as far as Rochester, iu lime for tlie ensuing clip, which will bo, it is expected, owi.-.g to the lateness of last year, not so early as usual." " We have not as yet heard," says the Pastoral Times, "of any grcnt flood coming down the Alurrumliidgee or ihe Lachlah, but ns the former has been alternately rising and fall ing, and at Jugiong overflowed its hanks, we may expect tho water to rise much higher as tlie last and largest flood has not yet reached the lower part of the rivers. Tho Alurray nnd Edward are both rising. Whist on this subject wo would direct tlie attention of settlers to the circulars they lately received from tho Govern- ,umt requesting them to, notice tho height of flooQi nnd other circumstances connected with the riven. Attention is being directed to inland navigation, and it behoves us nil to collect as much ioformatuQ M lies in our power." Last week's Alcrrumbidgee Herald says: — " The heavy and disastrous rains which have prevailed in many parts 01 the colony during tlio pnst ten days appear to have at last reached thia locality. During .Sunday tin. Murrurabidgco began to rise, and on Tuesday it Wm bank high, bat began to subside quickly, falling. ibout ten feet in twelve hours. The cause of this s«dden rise was the very heavy rains which fell in ik0 vicinity of Yass nnd the upper pert of tlie Mur- rumbidgee. The rein commenced in Gbndagui yesterday morning, and has fallen steadily ever ; Bince, with every appearance of continuing, and , will, In ell probability, load to a flood, when ) Gundagoi will be cut off from all communication with tlie Southern district." A fine display of gold from Raywood was ex hibited at'tlio gold office of the Bank of Victoria, at Sandhurst, on Saturday. Tho qunntity wns I 300 ounces, the grea'er portion being pieces of from half dwts. to tiro dwts., wllli some half 1 dozen nuggets about five or six ounces each, ono of fifteen ounces, and a fine ono about tliirty ounces in weight. Tlieso nuggets were mostly from tho Inglcwood Lead. Tho filling up of the by-wash at Lake Wendouree, Bnllanrat, lias been done, but ns the work did not nbsoi b all the monoy voted for tiie purpose, tlie surplus is being expended in planting trees- within the lake fence. 'Tho engineer of tho water commission is super intending this desirable addition to the attrac tions of tlie " watering place," nnd several trees have already been plnnied. Oaks, blucgums, liglitwoods, aud mountain ashes will he planted south of the club pier, and willows along tho lower ground lying between tho olub-houso nnd Ward'spier. .The number of visitors to the National AIu- seums of natural history, geology, and economic gcoiogy, nppneu to mining, agriculture, and the arts, during tlic week ending tho 2nd July was 1087; month of June, 3083; half-year ending 30th Juno, 10,518. To the minlLg model room in the new building, 1230 ; qunrtor ending 30th June, 8153. Tlic museums arc open to the public daily, Sundnys excepted, from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m., In the north side of tlie University, and iu tho unfinished portion of the National Aruseum building, at the back of Ihe University. Information was received hy the district coroner, Sandhurst, on Saturday, of n fatal accident hy fire which occurred to a woman named Anne Alarwood, n domestic servant iu the employ of Air Edwick, a farmer at tlie Lodilon. On the previous day she was engaged in the kitchen, cooking, when her dress caught flic, and before those whom her cries brought to her aid could extinguish tho flames she wns so severely burned about the body that she died about five o'clock the ibilowing morning: " On Wednesday Imt," says tho Gipps Land Times, " over one ton of tobacco arrived nt the Glengarry bridge from Bruthcn. The tobacco was grown by Air C. Schusen, of Bruthcn, and is now in course of transit to Alelbourne. To bacco of tiiis quality is worth, iu Melbourne, Is 3d to Is Gd per lb. We believe a ranrket has been made for tills lot (being oil selected) at the latter price." Captain Spilling, of the cutter Spray, wns to leave Gcelong yesterday for the islands in Bass's Straits, and to pick up and bring in, if possible, ths water-logged schooner reported on Friday by Captain Lyons, of the Southern Cross. The abandoned vessel, when sighted by the steamer, was bearing N.W., ten miles off Cape Schank. "The decision of Mr Vcr lon with reference to tlic re-appointment of AInjor Wallace (snys tlie Star) has, we believe, caused much dissatis faction among the Volunteer Rangers, and wc should not be surprised if the whole of those members who Bigned the memorial for his re appointment were to resign- en masse: This would virtually amount to a disbandmcnt of the whole corps, ns nearly all tho members signed tlie memorial. It would he a pity that the volunteer spirit in Bnllnnrat should he thus sud denly quenched, especially . after the care that has been taken to raise it into vigour, but at present there appears to be little chance of tlie corps being efficient." A case of " sticking up" occurred on Friday night lost, near AI'Naugliton's beer shop, on the Linton Bnllaarnt road. An old man and two boys stopped nnd robbed n Chinaman of a pound note, ai d afterwnrds gave him a beating. It is thought the two youths are the same that were brought to Smytlicsdale lock-up some time hack by Constable Buck, suspected of having been connected witli a robbery of jewellery. In consequence of the various remedial measures so energetically adopted by the farmers about Cogkill'8 Creek and Tourello, Baliaarat, tho ravages oi tlie grub liavp boon considerably checked, it is' ibouglit that ir tlie ground was hnrrowed and roiled previous to tlie drill being .used, and afterwards rolled nnd hnrrowed with a light set of harrows, it would become ton solid for tho grub to make much progress. On Air Kemp's farm a heavy roller has been passed twice over such portions of the land as seemed affected hy tlie f rub, and no further damage by that insect is visible. The police authoritiesliave informed tho Gipps Land Times that the stntcmcut reiterated in tlic Guardian with respect to the taking off of the escort, is without the slightest foundation. " Whenever any of tlie banks at Donnelly's or Jericho require protection, it will be afforded to them by the Superintendent of Police. The banks, of course, fix the destination of the gold, and the chief officer of police in the district to which it is intended to carry tlie gold supplies the escort." The Hamilton Spectator of Friday lost says : — ''The name of Sir Fraucis Alurpliy lias been mentioned to represent our counties in the next Parliament, and it is thought n respectably signed requisition might induce that gentleman to become a candidate at the ensuing election in tlie absence of an nligili'c local man. Mr Glee- son lias declined to stand for Villiers and Hey- tesburv, but Air Moffat is spoken of more con fidently. Mr Levey is the only avowed candi date at present in the field for Normanby." Alurray navigators, it appears, are sadly in want of a key to the water gauges lately set up hy Government. "An officer," says the Pastoral Times, " has been some time engaged in fixing gauges and other mnrks intended to' show the depth of water and position of obstruc tions, but owing to no key being in tho hands of msstors of steamers, the gauges ore nt present of no practical utility, if the Victorian Go vernment would give masters an insight into the mysteries of the gauge, they would confer a benefit, and perhaps prevent serious accident." Henry the Fourth wns again played at tho Thculrc Royal last nlglit, and experienced a similar success to what It achieved on Saturday. Mr Sullivan's Hotspur, ns we have already said, is one of his best performances. Air Lambert, although exhibiting too strong a tendency, wo think, to exaggerate the merely ludicrous phases of the character of Falstaff, is, to say the least, intensely ntnusing. The farce of the "Area Belle," thanks to thenhandon of Charles Young, goes vociferously. The house was crowded. Taking into consideration the great popularity of AlndHtne Escott, we were rather surprised that the Haymarkct Theatre was not filled last night, when she took her benefit. Tho per formance of the four acts of the Hngenots was principally remarkable fur tllO gTCHv improve ment in Air Farquharson's vocal display, lie I certainly has never sung better during lils I present engagement, and we very much question if Marcel's share in the well known duet in the third act has on previous performances been surpassed hy him. As n matter of course the grand duet between Valentino nnd nnoul was received with marks of general satisfaction. To-niglit two nets of Lucrezin Borgia, with tho whole of tho very successful opera "Too Lily of Kiliornoy" will be played. 