SHAKSPEARG TERCENTENARY COM MEMORATION. To the gentlemen belonging to the Clayton Young Men's Society attaches the honour of having inaugurated the series of entertainments, whirli it. waa siifffMtml hv the nriirinntors of the Shakspeare Tercentenary Commemoration move ment in South Australia should be held through out the colony with the twofold object of bringing prominently before the minds of the public the event, which happening, as it is believed, on the 23rd of April, 1561, has become so interesting on epoch in the annals of England's history, and to augment the funds requited for the erection of some suitable testimonial to Shakspeare's illus trious name in celebration of the 300th anniversary of his birthday. The entertainment, given under the auspices of the above-named Association, took place in the Town Hall, Norwood, on Tuesday evening, April 19; aud to evince their approval of the object contemplated, and enjoy an evening's pleasant recreation, some 150 or 200 ladies and gentlemen assembled on that occasion. At inter vals along the walls of the building chaplets of flowers and bouquets were suspended, which mate rially enhanced the effect. The platform had been somewhat enlarged. On it were placed a har monium and pianoforte, and over it a bust of Shakspeare. Shortly after half-post 7 o'clock, Mr. N. Bltth, M.P., took the chair, and briefly stated the object of the gathering. The programme for the evening was, he coniessed, somewhat ambitious; but he doubted not that it would be successfully carried out. It was not necessary for him to say much. The proceeds of the entertain ment would be devoted to the general fund formed in connection with the commemoration qf Shak speare's tcrcentennry, the idea of which originated with Mr. J. H. Clark— a gentleman of high literary and scientific attainments. With the money col lected they would be able to procure some me mento of bhakspeare-a bust or something of that kind— wliich might be placed in the Institute, or perhaps sufficient would l« raised to enable the Committee to arrange for erecting a statue to his memory. (Applause) Mr. James shakspeare. on whom devolved the musical arrangements for the occasion, then came ferward and performed in fine Btyle an overture on the harmonium. After which Mr. Strawbriijge with considerable effect spoke the following Drologue :— 'Years, ages, centuries, hath time presented His fragrant urn with Shakspcare's memory deal, Its cold reception with a frown resented, And turned away to hide the rising tear. But an auspicious star in the ascendant The tercentenary hails its bright attendant, And vows to pay at one great votive shrine ' All England's homage to the bard divine. And we her children in this southern sphere Claim Shakspeare too our own, as honor'd and as dear. Not from tbe ancient poets did he borrow : He knew no language, save his mother tongue; Yet when through all the realm of joy or sorrow Were heard such woudrous strains as he hath sung? Whether he wept for Desdemona slain. Or maddened Lear, or Hamlet, Royal Dane ; Shylock defeated by fair Portia's skill, Or tuned the Shrew acainst her stubborn will, Or 'midst the oaks of Windsor wove a spell, The made cjrcle, where the fairies dwell ; Monarch of Song! he took the Poet's throne, Where still his genius reigns triumphant and ajone. We meet to night, not without fears and (mailings, And crave indulgence for our numerous failings; . Yet not on Shakspeare shall the odium lie, But on ourselves tor our audacity. May no mistake of the great Master's meaning, Defective utterance, or affected seeming, Deface his beauty or obscure his sense, Losing his value in our own pretence : But this resolve be innate of each breast: Better we cannot do— each one to do his best.'' A duet by Mrs. Whatcley and Mr. Sketheway was next sung, and was well received It was followed by a scene from ' llichard III.,' commonly termed ' Clarence's dream.' The actors were Mr. W. P. Auld (Clarence) and W. H. Phillipps (Brakenbury). The former, who was a member of Stuart's party when the crossing of the continent was accom plished, and who is to form one of the expedition about to leave our shores for Northern Australia, was on mounting the rostrum loudly cheered. The piece was well delivered, and much applauded. The weU- known glee, 'When shall' we three meet again.' having been well sung by Mrs. Whatcley, Mr. Betty, and Master Pickering- a young gentleman who gives promise of being an efficient vocalist— Mr. E. Sabine and Master Marcus played the parts of Hubert dc Burgh and Prince Arthur— a scene from 'King John —in a manner which drew down the plaudits of the audience. 'Where the bee sucks'— a selection from the ' Tempest*'- having been nicely rendered by Mrs. Whateley, The Eev. W. Harcus, who was received with applause, commenced his paper, and In doing so stated that it was only a few days pre viously that he consented to occupy the position of lecturer on the occasion, and then he simply agreed to saciiiice himself because no other victim offered. No one else being forthcoming, he, in an evil daj for bis com fort, complied with the wish of the Society; and since then his peace had been disturbed almost incessantly, uuu 111s mum uuuuicu, uut wiiii Shakspeare's ghost, but with the ghost of that audience. He had felt like a man having a bill which he had accepted falling due on the lfltb, without funds to meet it; but at last, in a sort of desperate fit, he sat down and tried to make the best of his unfortunate position. With all his folly he did, however, show some slight glimmerings of sense by bargaining that his essay should not occupy more than 20 minutes and that it should not liear the pretentious title of lecture, but that of a short paper on Shakspeare. He had no intention, he said, of attempting to collect the scattered facts, which were all that remained on which to found a life of England's greatest dramatic bard. They all kuew that he was born .'MO years ago. in Stratford on- Avon; that he married, hail children, was the joint proprietor of a theatre in London, and that he wrote a series of the ilnest dramatic works ever conceived bv the genius of man; that he grew rich and then died, leaving behind him the most precious legacy ever bequeathed by one man to his generation and all future agCH. Nor wo3 it neces sary for him to justify the eflbrts for the celebra tion of the tercentenary of his birth. They who by deep communings with his soul through the medium of his immortal productions had learnt to love the man felt that no honours were too high to he accorded to his name, and. that any modest attempt to interweave a few humble flowers with the imperishable garland which had so long decked bis hrow lequirod no apology. No writer in the English language had been so carefully read, so diligently studied, or so warmly loved as Shakspeare. His lofty thoughts, and even his very expressions, had interwoven themselves into the whole fabric of the language. His sayings had, to quote himself, 'beconne familiar in our mouths as household words.' la the current of literature of the day, at the bar. in the senate, in the pulpit, in private conversation, they were continually meeting quotations from his works. His dramas were a very mine of wealth to newspaper reporters and to journalists. The apt quotation baa often redooinecl what would otherwise Have boen dull writing _ Some writer hail stated that there was not a circumstance in human life, not a character wliich ever appeared on tbo theatre of this world, however grotesque and singular, that might not be pertinently illustrated by an extract from Shakspeare. There were pas sages in his writings wliich even schoolboys Uirned by heart, and which were never forgotten by them. The grand secret of his inter.su k,old on the minds of men were, he remarked, worth investigating. The lecturer having read a portion of Dr. John son's celebrated preface to Shakspeare, proceeded to allude to the bard's fidelity to nature— one of the most striking characteristics of his imperial mind being his intense human sympathy. He brought poetry down to the level of humanity without degrading it. His genius dealt with, the ordinary business of life, and there ha was most at home. His characters were not modified by the customs of particular places unpractised by the rest of the wortd, or by the peculiarities of studies or professions, or by the accident of tran sient fashion or temporary caprices. They were the genuine reflex in and embodiment of common humanity. The breadth and variety of his genius had often been noticed. He appeared almost equally at home in describing every phase of character and every development of human passions and life. His tragedies were gramd, over powering, and sublime in stirring the emotions of anger, terror, and sorrow. His comedies were inimitable in their wit and humour; and, if the; might bo permitted to say so, his genius appeared to be more at home in comedy than in tragedy, and this, notwithstanding he had written the grandest tragedies ever submitted to the public judgment In the whole range of tragico- dramatic literature there was nothing to compare with nia Macbeth, Lear, Hamlet, or Othello: but he seemed to be more at home in, dwiifina a character likeFalstaff, with bis gross sensualism unbjusbing impudence, and thorough, mendacity. Though he had made. Sir .John utterly contemptible, he was. at the same time intensely amusing. Between tragedy and comedy he alternated in al his works, The tragedy was generally relieved by comic scenes, and the comedy was softened ani eubaued by touches of sorrowful or pathetic led ing. Smiles struggled through his tears and tears through his smiles; and therein, although charged with having violated the dramatic laws of unity, he was true to nature, His knowledge of the workings of the human,heart amounted almost to intuition. Every passion that struggled there he could detect and read, and drag to light ambition, lust, pride, avarice. revenge, jealousy, and all tl»e darker passions. And so with the softer emulous - maidenly love, maternal affection, filial reverence, hope, joy, and rapture, were all described; as no. other poet had described them. There was nothing he knew of in literature which showed such an acquaintance with the inner workings of the soul of man to compare with the gradual growth of jealousy In 'Othello.;' and what womanly tenderness. what trusting confidence, what despairing battling with a destiny which a- last overwhelmed her, were seen in Desdemona up to the moment when she bigged in vain for time to say one prayer, anc (hen died foully murdered. Having cited an ex tract from De Quincey's admirable article on Shakspeare in the 'Encyclopedia Britannica,' in which the writer referred tenderly and lovingly to the noble woman who owed her creation to the poet's genius, the keturer eloquently referred to the various qualities skilfully brought out in Shakespeare's female characters, and passed on to comment on the frequency with which the senti ments and similes of the bard were quoted some, times unconsciously. On, the latter subject he read an extract from the preface to. Mrs, C, Smith's valuable 'Concordance." ln which it was shown wWJf 5^3*°* of well-known passages occurred suitable for the botanist, astronomer, philosopher, lover, lawyer, musician, painter, novelist, orator soldier, and humanist. Mr. Harcus also enumerata j^omIIsM choice Quotations taken from Othello's ?Mjich, Marc Anthony's address over the dead body of Caesar, and Hamlet's soliloquies. ^To Shakspeare belonged the distinction of introducing the supernatural on the stage, and yet he had done it with such dignity and naturalness as to heighten the interest of his story, while at the same ttmerlr cast a weird influence around It The lecturer spoke on this topic at some length, and quoted from 'Richard III.,' to whose mmnd and con science tbe 'airy nothings' represented facts. An allusion to the impurities which so sadly defaced Shakspeare's works followed; after which the lecturer remarked it was generally admitted that the 'Tempest' was the latest of Shakspeare's pro ductions, and, if so, there was one passage in that play which seemed to be prophetic of the fact that now his occupation was gone. When Prospero's work was ended, and just before he broke his staff and buried it ' in the earth,' and buried his book ' deeper than did ever plummet sound,' the in struments of his incantations and magic arts now gone, he spoke these sublime words— . ' 'Our revels now are ended. These our actors, As I foretold you, were all sprites, and Are melted into air— into thin air; And, like the baseless fabric of a vision, The cloud-capped towers, the gorgeous palaces, The solemu temples, the greu globe itself, Yea. all whom it inherit, shall dissolve, And like this monumental pageant faded, Leave not a rack behind. We are such stuff As dreams are made of. and our little life is rounded with a sleep. Even so, but that little life Shakspeare has left its traces on the pages of time, which the world will cherish as long as time endures. (Applause.) Mr. J. Shakspeare next gave a grand fantasia on the piano, which was heartily encored. Then followed a recitation, which is fully entitled to be crmed one of the gems of the evening. The sub ect was Scene 1, Act IV., df the 'Merchant of Venice.' The position of Duke was tilled with grace and dignity by Mr. E. Sabine. The |«irt of Shylock was admirably taken by Mr. Coombs, that of the Merchant Antonio by Mr. Hallett, and that of Bassanio by Mr. Phillipps. Mr. W. P. Auld created much interest nnd some merriment by bis apt representation of Uratiano's part; while Mr. Ashwin ably performed Portia's part. The song. ''Tis the moonlight sleeping,' was then given by Mr. Sketheway; after which Mr. E. T. Smith rendered in a very effective manner Brutus's speech, in the third act of tho tragedy of 'Julius Ci»ar. The next piece was a song and chorus, 'Moss-grown dell,' which was very creditably rendered. The last recitation was Marc Antony's speech over the dead body of Cwsar, which, was given in a very superior manner by Mr. ,T. Coulls, the audience regarding his suc cessful effort by very hearty plaudits. The glee, 'Peace to the souls of tho great,' was next sung by the three gentlemen amateurs, who on retiring were succeeded by Mr. Sabine, who spoke the epilogue, which was written in a racy style, and was given with much wkill. Mr. Doolette proposed in very appropriate and complimentary terms a vote of thanks to the Chairman, to their esteemed President and Lecturer Mr. Harcus), to the talented pianist, and to the ladies and gentlemen who had provided the musical and dramatic parts of the interesting entertainment. Mr. T. B. Bbucr seconded, expressing tho pleasure he had experienced in being present, nnd referriug to the excellent object contemplated by fie Society. It was to raise funds for erecting a memorial to a man who was above all praise. Ho believed that the memorial, whatever shape it might assume, would be worthy of the colony ; and as they all knew, it was to be placed in the colony. (Hear, hear.) The whole entertainment had been carried out well, and it added to the interest that they had had, as one of the performers, a member of the daring and heroic band who first placed the British flag on the northern shore after crossing the continent, nnd onu who was about to go to settle that country. He looked upon it as a good omen for the new territory that among tho lout acts pf one of the members of the expedition pro* ceeding thither was taking part in an entertain* ment of that kind ; and he trusted Mr. Auld would carry with him his love for Slmkspeuro, and tliit the name of the illustrious bard would In future tune be honoured in that region, at present un peopled by a civilized community. (Applause.) The vote of thanks having been accorded by acclamation, the National Anthem wa« sung, and the meeting broke up. 