SUCH IS LTFE: A NOVEL OF EVERY DAY BY A. B.ESQ&HEB; &EKSAHOH;&UST.; [The following clever burlesque of the vicious ' sensational ' novels of the present day is from Punch's Pocket Booh for 1864.] The honeymoon was over, and tbe Honorable Chirk Gobowen and his beautiful bride, nee Caro line de Corwen, lounged languidly over dinner at the Vulture Hotel. CwvmmVDvllvmvnech. It commands a view of the lovely lakes of Lam peter. Bala, and Ellesmere, and with the triple peak of Snowdon in the background, and the fierce ruggedness of Mold below, the scene is unequalled save in the North American Pampas. But the young couple heeded it not. ' The worst dinner I ever ate,' said Mr. Gob owen, discontentedly. ' It is very bad,' said Mrs. Gobowen, ' but I think tbe dinner on our wedding-day was even more disagreeable.' ' Very good of you to 6ay so, I'm sure,' said her handsome husband, with an eyil glance. 'I say what I mean, Chirk,' was the cold reply. | ' If that is the case,' said Mr. Cobowen, 'it seems to me that we've been and made a sort of — well, a mistake, and the sooner We repair it I the better.' \ ' I'm agreeable,' said the hon. Mrk Gobowen, with a smile. ^ ' ' Blest if yon are,' retorted her husband ; ' but never mind that now. We'd better separate.' I ' Separate, indeed,' said Carolini ' That would be pleasant for me, wouldn't it 1 No, in deed, do half measures for me,' said the beauti ful youug wife, filling her glass witt what is called claret at the Vulture, or, at a 1 events, charged for as claret — and the best. 'Well, what's your whole measun then 1' asked her husband, curiously. 'Our marriage was a mistake; all unaway marriages are. I am heartily tired o; you. I j have heard all your stories, and all you ? travels, J and — in short, you bore me.' ' I reciprocate the sentiment,' said Jr. Gob owen. ' I have heard all your songs, ' aid your voice is not what I used to think it; ai d really your accounts of all the rubbishing n- rels you have ever read have their merit, but they are not particularly interesting. What's to -e done.' ' Let us destroy the evidence of our : larriage, and go back iuto society. I am suj posed to have been on a visit to my aunt, Li iy Gum dragon ; she will not dare to contradic me, as I know of several murders she commit^d to get at the title, and also tbe secret of hei enamel. You have been — what does it matte[ where a man has been ?' ' My uncle, tbe Secretary for Buoys : nd Bea cons, knows of our escapade,' said Mr. C jbowen, ' because I borrowed a couple of hundr ds from him at starting, but he won't tell, becau e I am aware of some forgeries he committed n order to become a minister. So all is safe. Here's the marriage certificate. Tear it, aud '11 look iu Bradshaw to see how you can ge across country to your aunt's.' 'Are you a fool?' said the lovely - Caroline Gobowen. ' I was, one day about a month bac said Chirk. She was too proud to reply to the tai at, but proceeded. ' Is there not a copy of tha certifi cate in the books of the church at Eistei dfod.' ' By Jove, yes. That's awkward.' ' Not at all, if you have the ordinary :ourage and energy of a man.' ' I believe I have both.' ' Then burn the church.' The fire in her radiaut eyes seemed tonight up a kindred ray in his. He seized'his ha|, box of cigar lights, and gloves, nodded to her/and de parted. | Thirty-six hours later, and the beautiful little old church of Eisteddfod, built by Gyeu Glen dower, and famous as the scene of the marriage between Edward of Carnarvon and/Catherine Parr, was a mass of mouldering embers. Mr. Gilbert Scott, tbe great ecclesiastical architect, would eat no lunch that day, be was so shocked, and was scarcely comforted by receiving instruc tions to make another church exactly like the old one. 'I have done it,' said the Hon .j Mr. Gobowen as he re-entered the room at the| Vulture, and found his wife, as we still call her, smoothing her lovely hair at the glass, having just taken off her bonnet. ' Yes, I saw the fire,' she replied coolly. ' Yon did 1' ? ' Aye, it isn't my nature to be idle. I went after you by the next train, and ascertained that you might have Bpared that lovely little church, which I wish I had sketched.' ' What do you mean ?' ' The clergyman of Eisteddfod, his name is the Rev. Morgan ap-Jones, keeps the register books in bis own house.' Mr. Gobowen launched a fearful observation, directed against the Welsh Clergy generally. ' That sort of language is of no use,' said his wife, ' You should have burned tbe rectory.' ' Of course I would, iflhad known.' ' If,' repeated Caroline Gobowen, with bitter sarcasm. ' Stay here and smoke your cigars ; it is all you are fit for.' She put on her bonnet carefully as if she was going to meet some women whom she hated, and was gone. A few days afterwards, tbe Bangor Banger con tained the following paragraph : — 'Our fair readers cannot be too cautious what servants they engage. The Rev. Morgan ap Jones, the Minister of Eisteddfod, recently en gaged a nursery-maid who came to him with the highest mitten character. Yesterday she disap peared, and the whole of the registers of the church, from the year 1397 disappeared also. Our one policeman, the intelligent and respected David Williams, says he thinks it very odd, but i&lines;, at present, to say more. Should any thing transpire, our readers shall bear of it next month.' 'Weil?' said the Hon. Chirk Gobowen, on tbe third day after, as his wife came in, with a proud flash on her brow. ' That iB juBt tbe word.' she said. ' 1 bought some lead, wrapped the books in it, and dropped them down the well nt the bottom of tbe garden. It is said to be unfathomable.' ' Then the truth won't get down to the bottom of the well, where she usually lies,' said Chirk. ' Not bad foj-you,' said Caroline Gobowen. ' Thank youv. But it is now my turn to ask where are your wits? You forgot the witnesses to the wedding.' ' Bother, so I did,' said Mrs. Gobowen. ' Or son is endowed with reaBon. There were Mr. Jones, tbe clerk, tbe beaille, and the pew-opener. ' Le diable a quatre,' said Chirk. She stamped her tiny foot impatiently, in thought. ' I could hardly escape detection at the rec tory,' she said ; if you managed the parson, I would answer for the other three.' ' No, we'll divide equally, like man and wife,' said Chirk. Something like kindness beamed in her smile for a second, but it was repressed. There was stern work before them. And they did it, that brave, high-blooded, young couple. The Rev. Mr. ap-Jones, lured from his rectory by a supposed smuggler, who promises the clergyman an illegal cask of illegal J brandy, if he would fetch it from a neighbour ing forest, was found, a month afterwards, at tbe bottom of a coal-pit, nine thousand feet deep but without the brandy. The clerk, Timothy Roberts,. set out to Llangollen to see a wealthy eleventh cousin who sent for him to come to dinner, and be forgiven for being poor. This cousin's dinner he never ate, but the fishes of the Dee ate him — how they were helped to him, an athletic young fisherman who consulted him about the most killing tackle, might have told, but never did. The beadle was found by a road side, at a spot to which be had gone, as relieving officer of Eisteddfod, to see a child which a beggar-woman, calling at his house, requested bim to come and remove to the workhouse, and in his hand was a metal cup from a travelling flask. The cup had contained whiskey — and something else, which the coroner of the county sent to Dp- Alfred Taylor, but what was the use ? The pew-opener, who had been rendered superstitious by the number of ghosts she had seen iu the old church, was simply frightened to death by a female apparition in white, with phospboric eyes and stains of blood upon its garment, that rushed at her one night iu her own garden, and shrieked, ' who stole tbe velvet covered hymn book ?' The four witnesses were gone. ' We are not safe, yet, dear,' said Caroline to her husband, as they waudered by the silver Severn, at its confluence with the Thames, and watched the salmon leaping from the sparkling pools. There was almost a tenderness in her voice, for she was learning to respect her husband. 'These children take a deal of separating,' said Chirk, laughing. ' We've burned a church, robbed a parsonage, and cooked tbe gooses of four respectable individuals, and yet we can't sever tbe knot. What's up now!' ' Do you not remember, she said, playfully, ' or were you too busy in looking at something else, tbat during the ceremony, there were two pews full of charity children.' ' So there were. And any one of those might identify either of us. I always thought with Mr. Gladstone, that charities are a mistake. Confound the catechetical brats. This requires thought.' ' i have given it thought, silly one.' Eisteddfod was in some measure consoled under its misfortunes. It was much talked about, which is joy and delight to a provincial place. More. A most benevolent stranger, attracted by the noise of tbe catastrophe, came and settled at a cottage near the town, and seemed to live only to do good. His dress was of the old school, blue coat, brass buttons, and leather breeches. He wore a large hat, under which bis beautiful white bair fell voluminously on his reverend shoulders. . Money was no object, he relieved the poor, assisted the new clergyman, promised Mr. Gilbert Scott six memorial windows, repaired houses for the poor, and in short was a Monte-Christo and Howard in one. But the children were his chief care. He had a large barge built, with a cabin, and in this he used to treat tbe charity children to delightful jaunts on the river Trent, with buns, marmalade, Bnd ginger beer. One day, when the whole school was out with him, he was noticed turning a handle that seemed to work upon something at the bottom of the boat. Ten minutes later the barge went- down in twenty feet of water. There (were no signs of the good old man, but a slightly dressed and very handsome yonng man was seen running along the bank, in the direction of a small railway station. The charity school had dis appeared. ' And now, love,' said Chirk Gobowen, look ing into tbe beautiful eyes of his wife, ' we bave done all, and may be calm and happy for the rest of our lives. Now we can arrange our separation.' 'Ye — s, if you wish it,' said Caroline, with something of a wistful look. ' Yo don't ?' he said, softly. ' Do you wi6h me to say yes.' 'No.' And the young husband and wife were in one another's arms. May they be happy ! Taught energy and re solutions by early trial, taught mutual confi dence by the necessity of conjugal trust, why should they not be happy ? They had learned to know one another, and the sweet evening star that shone mildly down upon their re-union seemed to them a harbinger of - blessed iand virtuous days to come. Desiccated Vegetables. — Vegetables and meats deprived of moisture and submitted to severe ' pressure, will remain unchanged and preserve their natural taBte for a long period in any climate. A very large business is now carried on in New York in the way of desiccat ing vegetables for the army and navy, by tbe New York Desiccating Company — Theo. C, Shechill, superintendent. About 150 persons are employed in the establishment; and the quantity of vegetables desiccated this year will amount to S6.000 baskets of tomatoes, 442 tons of string beans, 8000 bushels of green peas, 16,000 barrels of turnips, 80,000 barrels of carrots, 23,000 heads of cabbage, 12,000 barrels of pota toes, 20,000 barrels of onions, 100 tons of parsley, and a moderate quantity of some otber vege tables. The vegetables are picked, cleaned, cot up and grated, they are then dried and deprived entirely of mosture, after which they are formed into flat cakes, under severe hydrostatio pressors. A cake weighing 1 lb. contains suffioient vege tables to make forty-two gallons of good soup. They are -excellent for sea voyages, .and large quantities have been furnished on army con tracts for soldiers iu the .field, and invalids in the national hospitals. Ahiidotes EyEEYWHGBK. — A writer in the Mark-lane Express says — 'It is an interesting fact, one that has been noticed by most medioai botanists, and which never ought to be over looked in the discussion of out Bubjeot, from a chemico-physiological point of view,- that the herbage of natural pastures consumed by our cattle contains a sufficiency of medicinal plauts to prevent disease and even cure them of the maladies to which they are liable in the peculiar climate of the district, and that every locality and place upon the surface of the globe, be its latitude what it may, if iubabitated by cattle, yields all those sanitorv means necessary to preserve them in health. The savage tribes of the human race that roam in the unreclaimed parts of the world, as in America, Africa, &c.; have not failed to observe this, and to profit , by the instructive lesson taught them by the lower animals. Thus, Mr. Adamson found the natives on the plains of the Senegal, one of the most unhealthy regions of Africa, using the leaves, bark, and fruit of the baobob tree, to prevent the maladies peculiar to that place;' and on try ing the effects of the same upon himself, he pre served his -health, when others, who ridiculed the idea of following the example of the natives, fell victims to the deadly nature of the climate. SwiKuiNQ Rivebs. — The safe mode of swim ming rivers on horseback should be held in remembrance by every one. Take off heavy boots aud heavy coats, and strap them to your saddle ; take your feet out of tbe stirrups, throw the reins on the horse's neck, and by no means check him. If danger is apprehended, slip off the saddle and hold firmly by the tail of the horse, who will 99 times out of 100 carry you safely to terra firma. When a horse is checked whilst swimming, his hind legs go under his fore, and be falls backwards, which usually terminates fatally to the rider and to the borse also. The Noethebn dusTBAtiAN Company.— Under this title a very influential Company has been formed for the purchase of land in the Northern Territory. The projectors met on Saturday last at the office of the South Australian Mining Association, and the Hon. J. Hart presided. It was stated that about 25,000 acres of land had been applied for on behalf of the Company, and it was resolved to raise capital sufficient to pay for the land, and to send a Urge quantity of sheep and horse-Stock overland to tbe new ter ritory for the purpose of taking up large areas of pastoral land in terms of the Government regulations. As the basis of the Company is to be a broad one, it is likely to ,l-e very successful, It will possess a paid up capital of not less than £20,000 in 2,000 shares, with power to make calls to tbe extent of 30,000 additional. A Com mittee, consisting of the Hon. H. Ayeig, the Hon. J. Hart, tbe Hon. T. Elder, and Messrs Levi, Tomkinson, Blytb, M.P., and Graves, was appointed to draft the constitution of the Com pany, to be submitted to a meeting to be held on the 16th instant. In addition to the Com mittee named, the proprietory consists of many well-known colonists of wealth and position, and the Company is therefore launched under very favourable circumstances.~^-Miu& Observer The D. D. Gazette is responsible for the fol lowing : — From a correspondent at Clifton we have received the following account of an ex traordinary freak of nature, whichmay .now .be seen at that place, and although, as a general rule we are chary of giving publicity'to such matters, we are tempted to vary from our usual course on this occasion from the circumstance of the animal having lived so long. Our cor respondent says, ' There is at this place a Iamb of tbe male kind, aged six months, with six distinct legs — two fore and four hind legs — it is very healthy and at the present time is being domesticated by the overseer, Mr. M,Clellan. I have been seventeen years on the Downs among sheep, but know of no precedent of the kind.' Wo should strongly recommend the above to the attention of our local butchers, 'JDhe advan tages attending a breed of sheep, each of which possessess four hind legs, need uo comment. 