WE SLEYAN HOME MISSION. A public tea meeling in connection witll tise Wesleyon Home Mission was held in the Weelecyn Church, Ips wich, on Monday evening last, for the purpose of adeo eatiog the Wesleyan Clurch extension movement. The Rev. T. BEasIZoY occupied the chair. He said the object which it was isltended to lay before the meeting, he would leave tlle speakers who followed to state. The Rev. J. H. Fe.vnrenn, of Brisbsne, said that the true reason they were so behind in thEi colony is further axtending tiseir chireltes was because they were so re mote from the head of authority and influence, and that Queeosland, thoough imlportant to them, was held as being of little consequence by their ndighboura in New South Wales. t a meeting held not above a year ago it was determined to make this colony a separate dis trict. When this had taken place, the Wealeyans of Driebane and Iptswiah united in memorialising the Home Society for additional missionaries. The petition had been granted, for the men whom they asked for were now before them. (Cheers.] He bud great pleasure in introducing them to the meeting. Thsough they were not grey beaded, and be hoped it would be long before they were so, yet under the inetroction and supervision of learned and godly mastern, they were well Sitted for the position in which Provideace lead placrd them. It was, however, only one thing to have the men i to Isave the circuito ready and all prepared was anothser. Tile districts wlsere it was intended to establish tbem--viz., Maryborougi, Haoethampton, and Warwick--bad been visited, and a great desire was manifested in favour of the immediate settlement of a clergyman in each. They had aigotified their willingness to do all thsey could to support the ordinances of worship ; bht then there was land to be bought and ehureleseto be built end arrange mente to make for their support in a respectable and becoming manner. To do all that they were obliged to come to ask tile assistsnce of their friends in Ipswich, as they Ihad already done at Brisbane, to enable theet to pot things in motion. When hie looked round and saw the great progress which had already been made iu these colonies, he could not help feeling that they would be unworthy tile names of Wcelcyuua if thley did not exert lhemsrlnes to extend here the ministrations and ordinances of Weeleyan Methodism. There was great aecessity tlst they should do all they could to spread religion. There was room and work for all denomina tions. He was persuaded that the devil's church uas the strosgest yet, and thern was not a bishop alive who was so energetic sad successful as he. There were stow existing in pleces thle most remove tetnptations to drunsk enness, Sahbbth breaking, snd infidelity whichs must be overcome. They would lay up bitter reget for days to come, if, under these circumstances, they did not adont liberal measures and were determined to spread He thediom. It was begianing to be aeksowledged that the lhbor olt conversing the world to Chriolianity was a mtscth greater work than was supposed. When they saw thse necessity for sometlhing to be done, they ought to do their work. llriey Isad no reason to fear but tlst if they continued to labour with as much assiduity as before, and God blessed tshe word to the conversion of souls as he had doess, there was no form of vie or infi delity which would not be overcome. If they mnriad the Gospel to the unconverted He would go mitts it. Hethodists, thoagh not wealthy, were liberal. Some wanted all they had for themselves, while othere, though they savo ever ae little, bless others with it. If it had not been for tise liberality of tile Methodist laity, for its rich and its pooe and for the strong faith which had encouraged the authorities isn undertaking expeasive ex peditions, th work which had bem done never could htave bean sceompliahaed. The work had prospered in tlhese colonies bemuse God had raised op men in them singularly active and well fitted for it. Whilst, there fore, they were glad to receive men from England to labour among them, they also reoieed to see their own joung men doing no well. Hehoped tlse easample which some amossg their number had already set would be followed by oth.ters. Thle Her.H Mr. OL?nc, one of the clergymen recently arrived from England with the intention of settling in tl;is colony, was thsen introduced to the meeting by the chlairman. He mid bis feelisgs nt being present to-nigtat ware of a painful ns well as a plesureble elsaraeter. He mould not help feclingottat the work to whieth timself and his two brethsren had been chosen required very higlh qsuahifcations, and abore all tse gift of the Holy Ghost. He could say, Isowever, that wthen he was appointed to come to Quecnsland he wan only too glad to accept it. He hoped thsat they would be enabled to carry on tht great work, to entend the kingdom of our Lordsnd conveet souls to Him. Had tbeybeen sentto India, Chin,,, or Afrim they would hare many dificulties to overnean before being able to enter upon the missionsary work. Dut here they met countrymen of their own, subjects of the same Queen. The hearty reception which they sad received would make them dedicate themselves seeth to their work. Notwitltatanding what had been done, tlere was still a great deal for missionaries to do. He felt confident, however, that when missionaries could not be got to go korthto combat infidelitythat God would make the very sin destroy itself. lut while they miglst expect munsh in that respect they should not forget that there must be a connection of human and Divine aotion. It was too often the case thet it con sideriag thle infidel cmodilon of eartain cosntries, we failed to sotice our own. While, then, lamenting the etoloof Afsm, for icetance, it should not be forgottes that in our own streets were numbers living in open rebellion to God. Some who were in the habit ofbeing guided more by reason than revelation Isad told them that such a populoan empire as Chine, whose many millions of inhabitanto were sdolatrons woraldppere, could never be saed. He believed, Isowever, that some time hence, ano matter how innumerable might be her people, they woald be onvorted. Their present work, how ever, was in Queesland. He hoped that they would bh able to spread the Geopel here. Remembering how insignifieant the means whioh God as often employed in his own cause, he did not despair of winning many t. Christianity. A great deal most come from the people themselves, and he trusted they would unite with them in tle work. [Cheers.] The Rev. Mr. WooDdHOTm E was next introduced to the meeting. He said that he originally supposed his scene of labour would be Africa. Having been invited to come to Queensland instead, he felt very glad to be here. The welcome with which they had been received had gladdened their hearts. Their kind and affectionate reception would in no way abate their zeal, but only xcaite it more. As those who had previously addressed them had spoken of the financial part of the work and of them, he begged now to be allowed to address to thecu personally a few words. He reminded parents that they exereised by their habits a great influence over their children. Every word which passed from their lips affected their children; their children influenced othere. II the influence they exercised was a good one they would do well; but if low, sensual, and base, they would sow a harrest of sorrow. They were all able to do something for religion. The young especially could be of great service by taking part in the Sabbath-sahool. Everything, however insignificant in their eyes, was destined by its Maker to do something to advance His glory. If, then, the inanimate parts of the dhiverie could advance His glory, how much more 'was it tlhe duty of man to promote it to the extent of his power. Burely they were not going to be outdone by tihings inferior to themselves. If the moon and stars could glorify him, hor much more ought we. He reminded the young that they were now only forming their characters, which when they died would descend with them into the grave, and remain will them through all etensity. He felt deeply grateful for being sent to labour in Queensland. The Bee. hr. DIcsoon, who followed, after a few introductory observations, said that all over tile world, in cieilised society es well as among barbarous naticns, man was found sighing after agod. He might worship the sun, moon, or stars, but wherever he was found he was worshipping something. Bow the Bible brought to man the real object of spiritual worship, and told him of the only God it was any use to bow down or pray to. Man, too, felt teat he was a moral agent, living noder a moral government, and that at some time or other God had revealed himself and hsis law to men. Tue Bible contoined that law. lie felt, too, he required one to advocate Ihis cause. Tue Bible showed him Isis interces sor at the right lland of God. The Bible, in shortn, met every want; and such being the cosng it was their duly to extond it all over she world. It was for this puritose lie and hiabrethren had come here. Tue example of otr Lord had taught them that charity began at lome. This example they tried to imitate. W?eleyuniem woa, in fact, a rerteal of primitive Christianity. vesley had said, '5the world is my parish." He began at home, end th5en his csehrity exteaded. (TIue rev. gentleman then proeeeded to give interesting statiatiee of tele establishment and progress of Wesleyanism in Americe.) He said they had come feelisrg a desire to be better gitt?.d for tele work than they were; yet tisey came. They could not hare tousd a sphere of labour better than thin. Looking to the future and seeing tlse numbeis tisat would people this land, he felt that their energies would be tazed to tele uttermost. There was work fur tise lilr to do too es well Thseycould go and preach the Oospel. Thsey Isd other things to attend to; •but minioters would be found too ready to go, if they would only afford tele moaus. Thie was sit lumsefl and his fellow ctorg=vnon io;aited. Tlwhv would go and estabtiah ohu?rohoiand wreaoh ton orogrcgtions if they only rc ceired a helpiing hand to gir,: tIhon a olort. They hod roecierd good support at ]3riuh~a'e snd had no doubt, from what ther wre ftold obout Ipswich, thot they would receive thu saneo bere. They only requir?d nomething to begin with, as they hloped soon to become indcpendent of support from other districts than those in which tlhey Ilboured. At the close of the moeeting a collection was taken up in aid of the Society's funds, when £1.3 lts. 3d. were obtained. A hmrther sum of £16 Gs. hba boo prommicd. 