MARYBOROUGH. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) , Of course all your readers have been wonder- ing what has become of " your own" at Mary- borough, I hope they have set my silence down to the blacks ; they are great rascals --- have seized upon me bodily -- " done me brown," and have smacked their lips over the delicious morsels they have washed down with water from the limped stream. If your readors will accept this sensational apology I need make no other. I have one or two sad occurrences to relate. On Sunday week last, Dr. Mackay went out after dinner to walk with his wife along the banks of the river, when a desire possessed him to have a bathe. The bank near the spot was very steep, and leaving Mrs. Mackay on tho top, the doctor descended to the margin of the river, where, shaded by the trees, he denuded himself of clothing and plunged into the river. Mrs. Mackay sat patiently waiting on the bank for him upwards of twenty minutes, when she heard a cry for a boat, but did not see anyone. Becoming alarmed, she proceeded immediately to the house of Mr. Brown, storekeeper, who resides in this neighbor- hood, when Mrs. Brown informed her that she had seen some one floating with the tide, and had sent out her boat with two blackfel- lows, to the rescue The blacks, it subsequently appeared, on reaching the floating body, dragged it ashore at a spot called the natural wharf, in a paddock belonging to Mr. Aldridge, near the residence of Alderman Melville. Medical aid was promptly sent for, and Drs. Ward and Palmer shortly arrived, and though from the first they pronounced the case hopeless, every effort to resuscitate the body was made, but without success. You will have noted that the body never sank, -- this singular circumstance, on a post mortem examination, was explained. It was found that, owing to disease of the lungs, the lungs had so closely adhered to the ribs as to prevent the usual collapse, and the body was thus rendered buoyant. Deceased was a good swimmer, but seems to have been suffering from heart disease, which the exertion of swimming brought to a crisis, and he then became powerless, turned on his face, and died. Dr. Mackay had been attached to the medical staff of the army, and saw active field service both in the Crimea and in China. He came out to Queensland as medical superin- tendent in charge of immigrants, per Light of the Age, about twelve months ago, and shortly after settled in Maryborough. He was 31 years of age. Lately he had acted as correspondent, to your contemporary the Guardian, and, having had the misfortune lo excite the ire of our thin-skinned sub-collector of customs by some unguarded expressions in one of his letters was at the time of his lamentable death, I believe, the subject of an action for libel by that gentleman. A shocking affair happened last Saturday, about noon, in Kent-street. A blackwoman, for seven or eight years domesticated in the service of Mr. Brown, storekeeper, went into the store of Messrs. Curtis & Co., tobacconists, and ten- dered sixpence for tobacco, with which she was served by young Curtis, a youth of about eighteen. After receiving the tobacco she lingered in the shop demanding matches, or a pipe, or something, I have not heard positively what, when young Curtis, taking up a pistol and cap- ping it, told her if she did not go away he would shoot her. The woman covered her breast with her hand, but did not go, when Curtis pulled the trigger, when to his horror, for nobody be- lieves he thought the pistol was loaded, the woman staggered out of the shop and dropped on the curling just opposite the Chronicle office, where, in a few minutes afterwards, she died. A coroner's inquest was held the same afternoon, at the Royal Hotel, and up to twelve o'clock at night not having agreed on the verdict, they were locked up. Shortly after midnight, how- ever, they agreed, but it was then Sunday, and the coroner refused to accept their verdict. So they remained locked up until Monday morn- ing. The verdict was manslaughter against Curtis, but he was not committed on the coro- ner's writ. The police had previously to the sitting of the coroner's jury taken Curtis into custody, and the case came before the police magistrate on Monday and Tuesday last, when he was committed to take his trial for manslaughter at the next circuit court. Great commiseration is felt for Mr. Curtis' family in the matter ; and whilst all regard the affair as one of extreme carelessness, there is a general wish that the youth may be dealt leni- ently with. For my part, I should have been sorry, for the sake of Maryborough, if a black woman, any more than a white one, could enter a store, and have a pistol pointed at her to " frighten" her out of it, when she had completed her purchases, and the law be made a dead letter of. I confess I am an earnest advocate for shooting at blackfellows charged with crime, or in the act of committing crime, and meaning fight or flight; but one can be all that, and yet thoroughly abhor such reckless use of fire-arms as this. It was an accident, how- ever, and I believe such an accident as young Curtis will not be likely to occasion again. More " black" news I have just learned — that a party of lumberers have been attacked on the Susan river, a branch of the Mary, and that one of the party is missing, and it is feared has been murdered. The particulars, so far as I can gather them are these. The party con- sisted of three men named Hamilton, Harmer, and another. On Saturday last, whilst the latter was at Maryborough, Hamilton left his tent to go in search of their bullocks, leaving Harmer in charge. On returning to the camp a few hours afterwards he found the tent and all its contents burnt: and his mate nowhere to be seen. From the fact that their provisions were amongst the smouldering ashes, he judges the blacks must have set fire to the tent to burn Harmer out, and that then they killed him. After searching carefully the neighborhood for the body without success, Hamilton came on to Maryborough for help. Unfortunately, Sergeant Brown and the native police were on the other side of the river, and the police did not start therefore until this (Wed- nesday) morning. The same party have been stuck up before, and one of them was severely wounded. Sergeant Brown will give the blacks their due if what we fear turn out true. There has been a good deal of gossip already as to who shall occupy the seat bestowed upon Maryborough in the colonial parliament. We have four candidates announced -- Messrs. Walsh, G. M. Ried, Alderman Melville, and W. Pettigrew. lt is premature yet, for the electoral roll has not even been prepared, to discuss the chances of the several candidates. One thing I am cerrain, somebody has been befooling William Pettigrew, or he has been befooling himself in thinking he has the ghost of a chance. I "calculate" the tug of war will be between Mr. Walsh and Mr. Reid. I must postpone other items of local news until next week. You see I am promising my- self to behave better in the matter of corres- pondence in tho future. Gm 