BRITISH k FOREIGN EX TRACTS. A Servant girl, in the employ of a Loudon builder, got up the other night in a state of son- nambulism, and walked through an attic door eighteen feet from the ground. She received fatal injuries. Mr. Coventry Patmore, the poet, bas re cently become a convert to the Roman Catholic religion. The Holy Father, on the 1st July, visited the barrack erected on the site of the ancient Pnc'o- rian Camp, and passed in review a body of '3000 Pontificiul troops. We ( Mechanics' Magazine) haveexcellentautho- rity for announcing that it is intended, ere many j months shall have passed away, torecall the whole of the silver coim now circulating throughout the United Kingdom, and to replace them by an en tirely new coinage of' that metal. The gross cost of the mail service to Australia is a little over £200,000 a -year, and the gross j loss on that outlay is £120,000. It is rumoured that the Right Hon. J. Evelyn Denison, the Speaker of the House of Commons, is to be raised to the peerage. Mr. Denison was elected Speaker in May, 1857, on the retirement of Mr. Slmw-Lefevre. He is now in hissixty-fith year. On Monday an official document was printed, showing that in the year ending the'Slst March,, the amount of " conscience money " .paid to - the :Government w,is; £7400 14s. 8d. Garibaldi is said to have received another : proposal to goto America, to fight under the stars and stripes. Mr. W. F. Wyndham's splendid schooner Yacht bas been recently sold by the Messrs. Spelman at the Auction Mart, 'London, to Foord i Brothers, <5f Rochester, for £850. The Bishop of Durham has issued a notice to the effect that' tobacco smoking will be entirely disallowed in the park at Bishop Auckland. Wonderful are the developments of trade and commerce. The latest new Limited Liability Company is an association for lending sacks — coal-sacks, corn-sacks, potatoe- sacks, all kinds of sacks, at the rate of a penny a week. The public debt of the Federal Government up to June 15th was 1,790,395,167 dollars. The French Emperor has signed the report of tho Suez Canal Company. The Egyptian Go vernment is to pay 84,000,000 francs to M. Fer- dinand Lessep's undertaking. In theDivorce Court, on Thursday week, Mace, the pugilist, applied for a divorce from bis wife on the ground of having a criminal intimacy with a man named Roberts. A counter charge of adultery was made against the petitioner. The petition was dismissed. A New Yokic paper states that the trans portation train of the army of the Potomac would make a line of waggons sixty-two and a half miles in length. It is said that Mr. C. Kean has made the mag nificent sum of £11,000 during a twenty-six weeks' professional tour in Australia. The Duke of Augustenburg has been deliver ing a speech at a banquet at Heide, in which lie congratulates himself on his newly-acquired dig nity of Prince of Schleswig-Holstein— a fact he seems to consider as accomplished. Mr. Washington Wilkes, one of the staff of the Morninq Star, just after addressing a meet ing on Mondayevening in the St. Pancras Vestry, fell down and died in the presence of the assembly he bad beon addressing. The New York papers say that men are so -scarce in Richmond that women have been called on to act as clerks in the post-office and other Government departments. At Mobile, the post- office is said to be entirely served by women. Samuel Hanson, butler to the Dowager Lady Abinger, has been fined £3 for striking Lord Abinger, and giving him a black eye. The Rev. Charles Henry Bromby has been ap pointed Bishop of Tasmania. It is aremarkable fact that one fitli of the whole number of criminals in Newgate are supplied by the General Post-office. This is startling, and there must be some reason for it. It may be found in the wretched pay of the men — or, rather, .-boys. . 1 Lady Gertrude Douglas, daughter of the I Marchioness Queensberry, has taken the white i veil, and is now at the convent at Hammersmith. ; At the ceremony, wheh took place a few days i .ago, the young nun appeared in a bridal dress of ' -white satin, with a bouquet in her hand. The mother of the Viceroy of Egypt has brought many rich presents, on her visit to Con stantinople, to the Sultarr'and the Court. Con spicuous amongst them is a superb diadem of diamonds and other precious stones, valued at £60,000, and a single ring diamond, valued at £15,000. The tercentenary of the death and burial of -Columbus has just been celebrated at Valladolid. The bones of the great navigator, after being re- moved from place to place, have, it isto be hoped, found a final resting-place in the cathedral of Havanna. A- veritable soap-mine has been discovered in Esmeralda, California. The vein is 10 feet wide, 600 feet long, and runs very deep. The soap, when taken from the mine, is as soft as putty, .but hardens on exposure to the air. The friends and admirers of the late Mr. William Smith O'Brien held a meeting in Dublin on Wednesday, when a subscription list was opened for the purpose of erecting a monument to Smith O'Brien's memory. In the Chancery Court, at York, on Friday, the Rev. G. A. Cockburn, was suspended for five years, and condemned in costs for indecent fa miliarities with a young woman named Jane War- dell, a singer and teacher at Pickering. Under the erudite designation of the " An- thropoglossos," a mechanical vocalist is announced to sing its first song in London at St. James's Hall. It is the invention of a Mr. Giocopo Sanguish, of Constantinople. A dazaar is to be held in Dublin in aid of St. Vincent's Orphanage. The Empressof the French has sent a magnificently executed clock, bearing an equestrian statue of the Emperor in bronze. Cardinal Antonelli has forwarded a splendid prize. It consists of a charmingly- cut cameo neck pen dant, on which is represented the head of the Saviour set in fine gold and richly enamelled. The Sbakspeare monument mania has taken a new turn. It is proposed to raise £3000 by a penny subscription from workmen, and to erect a marble statue with the copper. It is whispered that nenociations are on foot with regard to the marriage of Her Royal High ness the Princess Helena. i _ Isaac Watson, servant with Mrs. "Harrison, Driffield Wold, was summoned before the Rev. G. T. Clare, the Rev. R. H. Foord, and Mr. J. Griraston, charged by George Lyon, Mrs. Har rison's manager, with refusing to attend church on Sunday, being requested by his mistress to do so. The defendant was ordered to attend some place of worship, and to pay 9s. 6d. expenses. The following is the text of the reply made by the Pope to the congratulatory address delivered by Onrdinal Mattei on the occasion of the anni versary of the Pope's accession : — " The Crown which the Lord has deigned to place on the head of the most humble of his servants has become the object of the plots and artifices of the enemies of the Holy See. One part of those adversaries have never belonged to the church against which they wage an implacable war; another part, after haviug had the happiness of being born within its pale, have abandoned it to make common cnuse with the former. By both of them all means of attack are considered good — persecutions, violence, falsehood, and calumnies. Like Absolom at the gates of Jerusalem, they constantly repeat that if the crown, of which they wish to despoil the Vicar of Jesus Christ, stood upon another head, justice would be better dispensed, the people would become freer and happier, and the golden age would again flourish for all. I need not point out the gross errors with which such reasoning abounds. May those who use tliera have tire heart pierced not. with the spear which went through that of Absolom, but by a ray of divine grace, which would raake-them aware of the in iquity of their actions, and show them the abyss of the eternity which they approach, blind and deaf, without perceiving the brink of it And you who faithfully assist me either in the adminis tration of the shred of state which has been left pto me, or in the more difficult one of the univer sal -church, continue to assist me -with your fide lity and devotedness. 'I do not arrogate to myself the gift of prophecy, but although SI do not see in the horizon any gleam of hope or any proba bility of human assistance, I nevertheless think I can affirm that our sufferings, our resignation, and our prayers will in the end merit for us from God those mercies whiph He is sometimes long in granting, but which He never refuses -to those who serve Him with fear and love." Tiie last scene of the celebrated case of Swin- fen v. Swinfen is now ..being -enacted in the Benchers' Room of Lincoln's Inn, London. The scandal arising out of 'the case bas been such that the benchers have taken it up, and an inquiry is now going on with the view of ascertaining to what extent Mr. Kennedy, the barrister, may have violated the rules of professional practice. His friends have induced him to appear by coun sel, and Mr. Coleridge, Q.C., has been retained for that purpose. A man named M'Morrough, aged abont sixty years, residing at Claycross, Manchester, had been receiving some money, and had gone home very much the worse for liquor. This so enraged Iris wife that, while he was lying asleep, she set fire to his clothes, Before he. awoke he was dread- fully burned, and he rushed out of the house, and got the assistance of the police. She was sub sequently locked up. M'Morrough is in a dan gerous state. The Cost of a Conjuror's Imp— Hoffman v. IIerrman. — An action was heard in the Court ofExcheqner last week. It was brought to re cover from the defendant, the well-known conjuror or " prestidigitaf uer," 100 ..guineas for a ghost trick, and £150 for the apparatus to work it- Sergeant Simon, who appeared for the plaintiff, said that the defendant was a prcstidigitatuer in one sense of the term only, and by the quickness of his fingers dazzled and pleased the eye without abstracting anything from tho pocket. The trick consisted in the conjuror borrowing a watch from one of the audience, and letting it, as if by acci dent, fall and smash to pieces, and of course he was to apologise for his clumsiness. A servant was then to enter with a hamper, and take out of it an unlimited supply of bottles of champagne, of which the audience were to partake ; and when the hamper appeared to be exhausted, a youthful Bacchus was to jump out in a drunken state and produce a scarf; and after the conjuror had ex plained to the audience his annoyance at receiving such a present from a friend, he was to endeavour j to repack the young god in the hamper, who, of course, was to appear too big to go in. A cask was then to be sent for, into which he was to be put. The scarf then shows the double of the con juror, who fires at his ghost and knocks him into a flame. The fragments of the watch are then picked up and the pistol reloaded with them, and when refired the flame is extinguished ; anc young Bacchus appears, seated on the top of the barrel!, with the watch whole in his hand, when restitution is to be made to the owner of it. The plaintiff had expended a sum of £77 in making the apparatus, and had received on account from the defendant a sum of £60 ; but as the defendant said his speculation at the Princess's Theatre was not a paying one, he should not require the trick. The defendant did not appear in the case either personally or by counsel. The jury found for the plaintiff for the amount of his claim. A Disputed Will — A Hard Case. — In the Court of Probate, the case of Salt v. Salt was beard, 'ibe plaintiff propounded the will of her husband, Mr. James Salt, late a partner in the firm of Salt, Stevenson, and Salt, of Lombard- street, bankers. He bad married her in August, 1857, and soon afterwards be had madohis will, leaving her an annuity of £600, and constitut ing her his residuary legatee. Before bis death, however, he bad purchased a great deal of land, so that bis personal residue was greatly rcduoed in amount. On Sunday, the 6th of December, 1853, be went with hiB wife to ohurch, for tho purpose of attending early communion. During the service be suddenly fell down in a swoon, lie was taken into the veBtry, and shortly after wards removod to his own house, where be wa9 placed in bed. As soon as he had come to him self he called for pen and paper. These being at length brought him, he wrote with great diffioulty, the words "All my property to my wife," and signed the paper. He requested that the two servants present should also sign it; but both the plaintiff and they were so intent on applying restoratives to him that it was not done till he had died. The defendants, who were the next of kiD, resisted probate on the ground that the attestation had not taken place in the preaence of the deceased, as requir ed by the statute. Tho above facts having been proved, Sir J. P. Wilde said that after the rare disinterestedness which had been shown by Mrs. Salt, the jury would be desirous, if possible, to establish the will. But tho making of a man's teBtament wa9 a solemn act, and required certain forms to be observed — forms, however, which were not very cumbrous. It could not be said that the witDCBses had signed the will in the presence of the testator, if he was dead ; and he (Sir J. Wilde) was afraid, therefore, that they might say that the will had not been duly exe- outed. The jury haviDg found accordingly, the court pronounced against the will, the oosts of all the parties to oome ont of the estate. Breach of Promise of Marriage. — At the Warwick assizes, on Tuesday, an action was brought before Mr. Justice Keating by Miss Har riet Butler, daughter of the ex-mayor of Tarn- worth, against Mr. Richard Edwin Ruffe, late surgeon at the Bradford Infirmary, to recovei damages for breach of promise of marriage. The defendant pleaded that he had never promised tc marry, hut that, if he did, at the time of doing sc ' plaintiff herself absolved him from fulfilment. Tin defendant resided at Tarawort i in 1852, while walking the Birmingham hospitals, when he be came acquainted with plaintiff, who had recently lost her father, a gentleman occupying, from his character and position, considerable influence in her native town. Ho engnged himself to her, and continued from that time up to very recently, on the most, affectionate terms, writing numerous letters couched in terms of endearment, and end ing with such expressions as " your own dear Ted." After a voyage to New Zealand defendant became surgeon to the infirmary at Bradford, Yorkshire; and from thence on the 30th October, 1859, wrote her a letter commencing " My own clear darling Harrie," and in which he said : — " This afternoon — that is to say, as soon as I have finished this letter — I shall go to Manning- ham id look about the place. I mean to begin to work. I think I shall, as soon as I conveniently can, love, go to Scotland and take the M.D. ; since it would of course be better to call myself Dr. Ruffe than plain Mr. (Laughter.) And then you will be called Mrs. Dr. lluffe. How ever, of all this you will hear more anon. I trust, my own darling, that I shall hear' from you when you get home, because I am always pleased to hear from you. Do, love, write as you think, and remember you are my wife, and that I am in every way yours, and yours only; therefore you ought not to have any ceremony or doubt. With best love, and thousands of kisses for your J owu dear self, I am, dearest Harrie, your, own dear Ted." He continued to write similar love like epistles, and in 1860 spoke of going into partnership with a Mr. Dryden, asking her opi nion, as his future wife, on the ndvisableness of taking Hint step, saying, " Do you think we could live on £150 a year for three years? for if we can, I have no fear after that time. Please let ' me know what you think of it without delay. If the practice will not give me you, it may go to the dogs for me.; but if it will give meyou. I will not part with it on any account, and it isforyou, ' ir.y darling, to say, " &c.; Defendant entered into negotiations with Mr. Dryden, at the same time holding out hopes to plaintiff of la speedy mar- : riage. 5u January, 1862, he said, " Write to me as if you were my wifo ; you know, love, it is all nonsense talking about anything happening, and not being married, for as far as I am -con- ' cerned nothing ever can or shall hinder it. I am yours, and yours only, for life," 'concluding with "fondest love from your own husbaud, Ted." ; Further correspondence of this sort was kept tip, ' and in November, 1862, he addressed her still as his "own darling," but regretted, &c.;, "that circumstances would not allow him then to make ; her his wife," at the same time expressing a hope, that he should be able to keep his promise here after. During all this time he had made occa- . sional visits to the plaintiff, but towards the end of 1803 these visits were less frequent, and the defendant neglected answering the pluinliff's com- munications. Finally, he neglected to reply to her last letter, after a courtship of twelve or thirteen years. On the 28th of April last her brother- in-law wrote to him to demand au expla nation of such conduct, and received in reply a letter wherein defendant said he could not marry plaintiff, because he felt he did not love her; and, secondly, as he was involved in legal proceed ings which would compel him to leave England, or prevent him bearing the expenses of married life. Tho present action was then commenced, and the defendant thereupon renewed his offer of marriage, but was refused on the ground that he only wanted to put an end to the proceedings. Mr. Digby Seymour addressed the jury in mitiga tion of dalmages, his chief point consisting in the fact that plaintiff was rather past what was gene rally called the " marrying age." The learned judge said the case had been fully proved, and left it to the jury to give the plaintiff full and fair compensation. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff — damages, £300. Heavy Damages. — A jury at Guidhall, Lon- i don, where the presiding judge was Lord Chief Justice Cockburn, have given heavy damages i against the London and Nortli-Western Railway i Company, in an action brought by the widow of 1 the late Mr. George Malcolm, managing director I of the River Steamer Company (limited). The de- ceased, who was formelry a merchant in Calcutta, i in 1860 formed the River Steamer Company for 1 plying on the Ganges. He was managing di- rector at a salary of £1000 per anumn. On the 5th of April, 1862, he took a ticket at the Berk- hamstead station for the purpose of going to I Harrow, where he resided. At this station J there is only one waiting room, and that is on the | dowD platform, so that passengers about to travel by the up Hue wait on that side till within a few minutes of the arrival of the up train, when they cross over by a level crossing. Upon the present occasion, it being an unpleasant day, Mr. Malcolm did not immediately cross the line. An express train then due was passing through the station at 1 the rate of forty or fifty miles an hour, and in crossing the line this train struck the unfortunate gentleman, and he was killed on the, spot. He was sixty- five years of age at the time of his death, and left a wife and seven children. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £3000, which they apportioned as follows : — £2000 to the widow, one shilling to each of the children over age and the grandchild, and the resi due of the £1000 to the two children under age. Robbery of Four Thousand Pounds by a Captain. — Robert Boyle Miller, a sea captain, of 45, was tried in London, on Monday, on a charge of having stolen a bill of £4000, belonging to Richard Alexander Rylands and others, his masters. The prosecutors are shipowners at Liverpool, and the prisoner was captain of one of their vessels called the Rachel Rylands, and sailed in that capacity on a voyage to Calcutta last year. When the vessel arrived at Calcutta the prisoner wrote to his employers making various statements relative to his proceedings, which turned out to be false, and eventually he left the vessel under the plea of ill health, for which it appeared there was no foundation, and resigned the command to the next officer. He then proceeded to the Mauritius, where he recsived the bill in question on account of freight and other matters, and, having done so, he made his way to England where he obtained cash for the bill, and placed the proceeds to his own account in different banks. It was stated in the course of the case that the whole of the money had been repaid to the prose cutors, but this the prosecutors asserted did not in any way affect the original complexion of the affair. The prisoner had no right whatever to make use of the bill in question. His duty was simply to hand it over to the prosecutors, and his leaving the vessel and his false statements were merely part of a plan previously concocted by i him, with a view fraudulently to obtain possession of the proceeds of the bill in question. The Re- corder having summed up, the jury at once re- turned a verdict of guilty, and the Recorder s sentenced the prisoner to be kept in penal servi- r tude for the space of six years, Mr. Gifford, for j the prosecution, expressed a hope that the Court > would make an order for the restoration of the > money which had been found in the possession of j the prisoner beyond the £4000. 