Crrr BEAXBTM.-Hr. I. B. Wflaon, tba Secretary tor Lends, lut night addressed the sltetora of Beet Sydney, who attended Hr. Pereter'e meeting. Be dwelt et aome lsnjrth ts the beseflU whloh, he eau, the pi neieit ArlrMwtf tratloB had oonfsrrad OB Beat Sydney, and amoag other this ga he atated that ha bad ordered every available plot of naoooupied Crown lead within the atty to be surveyed and handed over by deed to the Oorporatloa, to be sat apert for purposes of pnaMa health and recreation. PaaooKUX AasoouTiox,. BAIMAXX.-Pâmant to an edrerttaantant signed by the ohnrahwardena, Mr. B. W. Cameron and afr. T. J. .Taqore, aérerai .members of the ooagTMeAon of St, Harp's Church, Balmain, assembled, yeMsrdey evening, ls the Adolphne-street achoolrooro. for the purpose of formina; e Feroohlal Association. The Ber. WMlara Stack, the mcambent af the parish, hética; been pleoed In the ©bair, opened the meeting by explaining the propoeed abjects of the sjsoçbtton. Be reooomeaded that no eubsoripücu ehoold be recalled, except each aa might be B'eeeiiary for lighting and other such expenses. Borne dla ouefoa of a oonvtrseiloael character took place a* to tba' beat mode of carrying out the propoeed object, ead ft was oJHmety^ree^yedi-^L^Theitt la expedient lhere'bc ^a of BL Mary's - Ghoroh, desirous of berna; a member of the, sjsooiaMon "end stabing nah desire to the secretary, iball forthwith eater Me name on the member register. Í That no aa em ber whoee name ehall not be on the register for aeres dare preoodrag say meauag haye the right of YO Hug at roch meeting. S. That Afr. Bobfn ecn bercqoeefed to act aa secretary. 4. That the aseoola tloB meet on the Ant Thuradey la each monlh-the first meetugto take place on Thursday, the let of December next. The following gentleman entered their names en the (/doak. PBXSBTTXKT. OP S TDK HT (QSKXRiX STHOD).-The I Ant meeting of the aew Presbytery of Sydney, fer ned aa a 1 Court of tbePrceoyterlan Oharoh ta New Sooth Wales, en Tuesday last, met yeaterday at ll a.m., In the Maoquarle atrtetPresbyterian Oharoh. Preeent: Ben. Sr. Lang, W. Bldley, W. Droa, Br. Steel, J. Cameron, J. Thom, B. S. Paten», nathfatere; ead Haw ra. Bowman aad , Dodds, elden. The Bey. A. Gordon, of Singleton, and of Chalmers Ohnroh,-the Bey. W. 8. Donald having declined to aooept the call of the oongregatlon meetlag thin» ; and the resuming tríele for aralaetlon of the Bey. Mr. Baddy. The « trials" having been soi tain ed, lt waa appointed that Mr. Baddy's ordination should take plsoe on Taeeday erealng next In the Soots Oharoh the general eonvaraaUon baa been who Ie to be oar M tore member. Many names have been n*TWlT*d of pernee likely to oome forward, but, as yet, no oandldeta has pub- licly shown. Bren oar old member. Mr. J. Hansell, hu remained quiet, and It Ie not positively known If he wM again cfler his eerrioee, ellhough the gt&aral; imprecaba fe that he wfll ; bot ft malt net be inf med from thia seemlag quietness that no Interest Ie being taken fa the forthcoming i Bret bréese of ? wind to watt lt into e flame, whan, no doubt, lt wfll born with all Ita rory, asta the shades of the old year hare peat and wa welooma the dawn of the new. There cannot be a doubt we shall hara a oonteetad eleottoa. and there seems to be a probability of more candidates ottering than on any prerlou oooasios. An Impression seems to prevail that some of the beaten candi dates from other eonstftoenefea wfll be brought forward. There may be some laas&üíty tn thia, from the mot that our dey of Nomination doei cot take place until the latter and of next month, while the majority of the elections In ether parta of the colony win be over. However, I feel ne hesi- tation in naming two candidates who will certainly oome forward, via., Mr. 0. Bolton, formerly sub-collector of Cúteme, and Sr. W. Brooker, proprietor of the ffovcartU Ttttyraph. Other names are menti toed, viz., Dr. Bowker ead Mr. J. Danger: bat this Is only rumour at preeent, alt boa gb. It ls generally believed (hat Dr. Bowker will ooma forward if Mr. Hannefi retires. The Martin Ministry have sbewn a great disposition to edvanoe our ooal trade, by the lunation In the carriage of ooal and the deepening of the charnel opposite the cranes. They are oertalaly not con- sidered so antasoniiHo to the Interest of Newcastle as a portion of the Cowper Ministry. There are rumours that Mr. Tighe will be opposed for the county, Severel parties are named, bot X defer giving them anni better aathentl oeied. TB* 6TDX1.Y GZNXRAI, CQ-OFXBATITB Pocmr.-The fifth quarterly meeting of the above society was held at the Store, Market-street, on Monday evening last. Mr, Beck pm Ided, who, efter reading a letter from the eecretary, tenderlag his resignation, called npon the eating secretary the usual interest apon paid-up sheree fer the two qoirtors, i end to declare a beans of one ahüling In: the pou ad? open the members' purchases tor the last quarter; a dlmwénoa I of over thirty pounds appearing th the groas profita of the 1 butine** between the two quarters.. The report stated that arranged for enrotlbg the L_. _. , BoceenW Ant," a hope waa a gu eased that Ia a short time (bat desirable objeot'wonlfi ba eaeompUshed, after wblah tba ralea will be printed, and aotlve slape taken to bring the eookty and the advantages It efren aura proml nentEr tato nottoà, thé raasagernAt not having felt Vastifled In raduoing the m vestment of a larger amount of oapttal than baiaty aeoaeiary to carry on tba basteara uatfl Ita pro ptTfr^ sadfnnds wara ^*^,^JPj||¡j^*^ Tba report, the élection cf 'officers proeeasa4>wJt^ waa j eleoted president; Mr, Hewksfard. treaaorar, aad Hr. Celhels, aentetary ; the whola of the retiring raembsrs of the Board of managerneat, except thoee who resignad, being re-ejected. A veto of thanks to the Beard, caobapanted by expreeesana of the highest ooafldonee in their management, waa unanimously apead ta. The numbera preeent j appeared highly satisfied with tba Improved o prospects of the society, and pledged themselves w am> om* available maana to extend the prmdplea of oo-open rion, and the experiment made thus fer waa oo«sldered a derided saneara, for walch fha aooiety waa Indebted to thoee Indivi- duals who had devoted a oaastdarahle amount af time and attention In ongfnetrog Oe sodery, sud oarryiog It to fte present larne. Pram what transpired, a ooosidereble aaoas ion to the members Ia constantly tobkad tor. wman tba ootsty le enrolled, aa aamben hsrVe etgnlfled their Inton- ion to Jota whan their investments can be coosidered . «ouie. Baverai of the members sdareseiil tba meetiaj end aiter some time rpeet la oeavereattoa apoa thesSxi of the tocacty, the bnabuee closed with a vote of thanks to BarxsTOBic^The Murrrarn&il; oonaapondent of the I Moitiand Mtrcury wrUes ^8n Taeeday last, at about twa p.a., a terrino hailstorm bant over Tarrendy aad MO)oi2aleVe Oreak. Lirerpeol Plaina. The storm came on very euddenly, with a taarfal bowira whuL The ttoindar end BsJitahig wera awfal The were like aggi out u ¿alf-fenris were kflUd by them, aad the leaves taken from the trees aad the grass out down. Tba storm paeeed over fa a belt, ead did not extand mete than a quarter efe raOe. The wrfter was on lioreeback, and heil the-good soitnMtoraaahaaheitaarft fruida. Tliilianiliiiaejetamhitii a sJsatseaslooTeradi^eKirim bnrtoen bf kt.. The pkUn wea Uka snow froan the hsdlssonea -Ima Una when the bett extended/ Tba steam lasted .wenty-efght TnlaBiea. ' Mai. P.TotniOa's Bsapcrn.--Tba perfnnrssnuea at tba Prfaoa ot wales Tbeatxe.thls evanmg, enforUubeoelt of Mr. rBBdariekYoaaM, the popular uniiiaraaa, wno, livia .atotedjli »bout < to Uara thaoolxetlaato «aOa sastaglkh .tmñumL 'Tba pleoea selaoted foav the oooaaion ara . wW.Phmip'a o>ea^seüUled."TriaPoor Scronara," ta ^ v-hloh Mr. B. Younga wffltsyMar ^i sec» oration, a&d; a hn#b*bto; Jaree. Mr. Tomare r>ha to «r«*rt^Uia*y . Boa» ßTMALuia.-WritfOk 00 *. 7th l"**at, ia« Maracaô oorrerwesdttt of lia Za.1* (t^rTJl'.r^ lometa» rnaefe here thia raeburn*to. *5**^f** ^ light two Talaabk rac* horeae Ba¿ bean atolaa fra« matter of gr tai doubt, because hana* tut We\\* a^wellre.. j>lttl»h(d their purses, lt li bot raaaoaabla to átfBaaM that ; tba raccalt ara noir fa amt« quarters rwePfag-besag. , too threwd a tacticien to amalgamate riot wttfa rr» bery. VB. Boas I'S 6 TO LDC BOSSES -Ona of tba te« ear* riegé bórica' texan' from Mr. Beasts by Ben Half, eal which waa turned loose by tba robberi at Towrang, wai found two or three dara after'near Socarrólo. ? Tba orb er bai stace bean i toora ad near Ounníag. ffcwgaeaj Atout. Phronro H muir Bxhuxxi:-Lut Toasday th» polier-1 \- megisti el« rftcdnd Internados that tba remains of Mr, 1 Flama had beera foand aboot afffbt miles from Yoong, OB ' tbs M siren go road ; and ware Irma; at Ur, Fowler's ian, et tba dem. Mr. Pearce at OBOS want ant to hold ec inquiry ; whian, barbe; been fslnated, waa adjourned for the pro dncticn of acme neeeatary evidence. The body, theusjh mnehmntllated, wu folly identified, by tbs ob th aa wara by the late Hr. 6frame at the time af hie disappearance. Th* inquiry wu ooneinded yesterdsy at tba G ari Mil Bot«) ; no eridenoe wa* forthoomiofi; to shew how theos fcrtonete man came by hie death ; and we must remain bi uncertainly (sayer to be oleared np), M ve u to the fart that he myiterlousJy disappeared from tho camp at Yoong; where ha wu nppoaed to ba In the ann keeping of the police ; (bat no one could gire any aoaoast of how ha get away; ead that three mnnthj after, Ma remains were found In the boin, some eight mOes away from whare he wat oat-Burrangong Aram. EuOToxYXBixQ.Miw.-Th» Sathunt timé» of Wednctdey aejs A reqnliltkm. addressed to Ur. K. Y. Cousins, requesting him to COOM forward u'a'oandldate far the representation of Beihnrat, hae jost bees faenad. It Ii Bomerooeïy rigs ed, and era are lo/ormed fhn* tarlee tte a oís ber of efgaeiaree ooald han baan obtslaed with ease, bat tha^ festing ^In^ frronr of Bfr^Ooosfns appeared to the canvass farther. We understand that Bir. Hart dosi not intend ta oontest the election. A réquisition InriUai Ur. Thomas Lee to sand far tba essotorato of Beat Mae. qua rle Ia In ooaree of ejjpatàre, and wa hare been Infirmed that Ur. Lea baa signified bis wnUngneaa to ooma forward. Ur. William Gurnmfngs le likewise a TanflM**! for tu same ekatoralo, GuAXDixo isa MAUS -The Goulburn Herald mn; In consequence, of the.Xagnsh mail arri rina; on Tuesday, (ha ooach from Sydney waa accompanied lalo Goal burn br eguard of mean tad policemen, and tba ooach leerme; ú Tim was atmfWtj protected. . S BP BXAZKTATi ox or AxoYX>n -Mr. B. B. Rayner, ? ?mall aatller, baa offered bfri?1* ai a twrnHiI'ttt tor the elfetorate. Mr. Berner fa Ia favour of 11 secular and re* He tous e^aaatfon oomWned," .a rorfeten of the tend lev, direct laverton, a nsw toponndtng act, sn eleatlre Upe* Booie, trierjjaJ pejifsmanta, a curtaumg of sdmhxistntíri expenses and railway extention.-Qovibum JItrald. TKZ EIIDTIOK ros IT.T.ATTABBA.-The Kxvreu ti Wedneeda* ssrs :-Though Mr, Osborne baa declined sa overture already made him by Kr. & J. Pearson and other gentlemen, to allow r*lr"Ti'f to be nomlnatad for thia alec* torete, lt Is hoped that ha may yet be induced to eons forward. A mora aaJtabLe mpreavniatrre It would bi difficult Io procure, Ehonld Mr. Osborne, oonaast to ki eemlnaied he v/fll be very strongly eupported. Indeed ri doubt whether In that casa say other osadldaie would hen the ghost of a chance. The Mercury states thai Mr. J. V, WDjfatrels Spesen of aa a candidate, and Is very likely te command a large amount of enpport, KILLED BY THE FALL OF A TREE - On Tuesday morn- ing a man named Samuel Gunter, aged sixty-six years, was killed in the Dunnering paddock, near Lochinvar, by a tree falling upon him. With another man named William Wat- son he was engaged felling timber; they had cut through an Ironbark tree, when it fell against another tree; they then proceeded to cut this tree down; through some unfor- seen occurence it fell before it was expected to fall, knock- ing down the deceased, and resting opon his body. With the assistance of a man named Little he was put upon a bullock dray and conveyed to the Lochinvar Railway Station, and was then brought to the Railway Inn, Elgin street Maitland, He expired almost immediately on arriving there. The deceased's skull was found by Dr. Robinson, who was in immediate attendance on his arrival in Maitland, to be fractured; He was also injured in other places. An Inquest was held upon the body the same day before the coroner at the Railway Inn, when a verdict of accidentally killed by the falling of a tree was returned - Maitland Mercury. DESTRUCTIVE HAILSTORM AT MUSWELLBROOK - On Toerday evening, between Ave and atz o'dooky a terrffli hefbtorm visited tba township of Hofwaubrosk. It bria! .boat half aa boar, and broke nearly avery pana of gb« ta tba township, besides doing other serious damage. Tai police-court, telegraph and poet- offlees, thehoepTtal, sali other Important bulldlags ware much injured. The storei from the westward, and Teared round to the souta, smaller quantities. Tba hailstones wera of inegale shape, and naged from the efze of marbia) up to the sice sf a mar/a Ort, and on Hr, Baton's inn scene of the shingles wars split br them. Tai ball which patead through the windows by on the floor toi great depth. The stockyards wera all cleaned oaft M thorak, «hay bad never been used, and paaseagen by the aftaraoas rain Informed us that such a terrine hailstorm bad nat bf fore been witnessed by any of the Inhabitants of the ton . hip. Teamsters bad to abandon (hair teams; and wu boreel which bad been bobbled ware found lying on fbi ground almost lifeless. Other horses had broken oat of lards and paddocks to. nek shelter, and s hone ead dm was found apeet about two mflaa from tba township. Maitland¿feratey* Baw HALL'S LATaarBaOBurr.-The Teas oornapaadan of the Oouiaum Aram writea :-Yoong Daua, who ku cined Ben "Hell, b the son of a small sattler living m tai neighbourhood of Murrumburrah. He b aooounted ou of the beet ridera bi New South Wales, which ls mylar ? great deal. A parson who b well acquainted with him tedd me the other day that, If this young reseal wai mounted lal hie horse placed cn tb» roof of one of the houses in Cooey ?treat, ha would ride along the roofs of the others ta ttl roda, sadsueoa* " »der." The acrf time he tomad up in Yeas waa In eompaay with yoesf Kennedy, a youth of bb own kidney, the eon of as cx publloan fa Murrumburrah, They oems lato tows ba one evening, and ai they ware dressed Ia true buebranra'i costume-namely, a poncho mada out of a blanket c Smog Kennedy said he wanted to And out where tat Malton Found waa situated, as a racer bad been atoes from him after tba Murrumburrah races by-(manda lng another youth who has shown strone; f^^i^Ww» b bcrae-si ealing), abd that ha bad mond ' est from the (hemmant QazdU that It was Ia tb) pound. After making sundry inquiries, ba obbiaed ss requisite information, and tba two bopefob AV parted on their journey. It appears that the bera waa released by Kennedy, and he with Durra if tura ed towards bama* Oa reaching Gunning, Daaa ht bb com pan ton. and roda Ia tba duwatJoa of Palest i Greek, where he rall In with another youth named Sro, wboee brother baa been long tba dread of thia pert of OJ ooanlry as cae sf the mos* expert and artorsaafnT nf h nra stealers, but whose reign b drawing, or baa dnwa bi olese. Shortly after thia they stock ap and robbed BX» drays on the Pudman, and wera saaaaqaaaHy apprehend*1 and taken to Burrowa, where they wara oomraltted lor tris" at the Yera General Besabas. Strange to aay, that al»""!* the charge waa robbery nader arma, tba aepleat JOSH scoep ted pall for then-appearance to take their trial, Wbn the sessions eame on, Dunn and Byan wan called cather bafl. The latter eaptered, but sa Daam was absent te» Grown Proaeoutor applied tor a postponement of tai trial, oomsrntmg ta take fresh bau fer Byan, eade! the lame time applied to the Judge to estreat Dona's resp abaDoec and lesue a benah warrant for bli apprehends* An this waa dana. I'have very good reason te beiüref | that Buna waa Ia Yasa at th» Hms th» appUeatiSB ve) made, and that BO soon es ba heard that a warrant kat beard ba mounted bli hone and joined' Ben'Hall isl DunJeavy (Gilbert waa not with Hall ai the aUne), vt* ware'only a short distanee from town. Bee now the oas* guanees of Mr. Burrowa- Juaneara folly Ia granan* Ul Byan knew be weald sot be put oa bb trial without DIB*. and therefore evrwdared, and I ahaQ-bo mm*eaTe*jbsi7 mistaken If ever ha shews bb nose voluntarily before /taf Keymettagsm. ~~ Ou> MAS.-Thb noted ^buahrengerwas braajH attar of form ha wai taken before m bau, who endorsed the warrant, and. he i the jreoL Ia appearance he li act more than, anûûie-ara» .nd wo osa átvlne BO other reason to ecoount for- bb beal oalled "old** than that which might result from a os* parison arith hb more youthful oompeaione la arima. B> ls a man of powerful frame, walks upright, end-b very bl The expression of bb oounteaance Ie eemerwhart eeonaf though defiant ead reckless. It appear» that ha bis» ' broughton on another oharga, vie» ma*of ottotia*«?** , Oom Mjü."-Batlurrr lima. " , COSKXKUI jo« Hraxwar Bonna- noa Aiw^' * On Tacada*' afternoon, JunM Boyd« Wûu bl*QnuV * ' Obailei Buttnwrt. otto* SffcoVU* m oomjaittad WV besah ii HwnBbnok fer trial at tba Mar.«** lQDarltt&waAonf;, Itt b^war robbery ara» tb» tn tba aa* «ho win apDraheneel by aemento Benn lahaTborM'etaiensla'irfteak, OB lanUba of baU** faDowi who atoob ap a anabel ol bMTWiwji oa tba wo1 omBoai. »brat li» «sd of kat neath. Tlanf"J ?hong dahl of Jiminiataiitlal a»Maaa»a«nrt6^»n» parfie. A abe,Tattara losaliM Bordera aw.* e» ta oJn^eBTWfth another maw (ba aw» of *» "r barter, no «rig «bart He» ag» tba nwiiw; tal»» biBsjt'aoenipanywon onse orar <b»Te»ptrto(l> fe^bttihrprtioolii^noXrt that ba haTlSfJÍ tootla end bal a Moaner bend bi bbl noah Ibo' ptowlj*. frà abrieran bototo two wbloh tb« BMB aba anri*>i aadlbäMpnMalUfbabnwatabwiwkb ebeenw»»» Bcrernl of the taanatan WanlHal tba kona .»'»> riótebrtbaawwUioboaia>n;<lbaea^U>w«' ?sd lb* (astral aepMawaoa-eh». oooeecona 'aw* . U^'lbbariomnlha ampaanwan oojn5S>»* ' lane'Jbrnry. ? ' ?. ? .? - .-- -. i .. 