LA UN CESTON EXAMINER. Saturday, Mfay 14, 1804. WESTERN RAILWAY. "Now, by mine honor," said Aymer do Valence, "I am glad to hear thee make some atnempt at reason, although it is but an unreasonable kind of reason, too." \- Castlle Dangerous. We purposely refrained froa comment, that Mr. Whyte's remarkable letter-the product of six weeks' gestation-might go to the public without any editorial re nlarks. \Wo may now say tIhat a more school-boy production could not have been penned by a second-rate pupil as an exercise. It is long, rambling, irrelevant, and evasive. It might have been ,written in the circumlocution'-oalice, for its only aim is to show " hlow not to do it." It was impertinent as well as unfair to withhold Sir RIiclhard', Dry's letter from the Governor-in-Council, whena by the Constitution Act be only can stnction the introduction of a money bill into Parliamnent. II this is tihe fruit of " seeing with their own eyes," the ex pense of the Miiuisteritl jourtiey to the westward was good imoney thrown away. Just imagine Mr. Whyte a!ieltering Iimsellf behind a vote of lthe Assembly, which his plrltizans ait his desire helped to swell. Is this the course a palitician annxious for the welfare of his country slltold pursue ? It is rather the ivay a mere hnlger-on at the TL'reasury worild act who really cares nothing about the progress of' the colony.. A person with ai grain of pure patriotism in his 'comn position would say--Let me exnmine this matter: will it be for the good of the island : are the duta correct, the deduc tions sound, andd can it be executed for the estimated cost? These points being satislhctorily established, it would be his duty and his privilege to enlighten and inform the House of A.sembly, and if possible to procure a unanimlous vote in its favor. T'hen Mr. Whyte proceeds at great length to talk about, increasing the public debt by £400,000, and speaks of the responsibility of Government findiing thIe interest, as if the promtoters imagined the proposed railway could be cotislrueled of moonbeams,' and paid for in starlight. BIt he ignores the tact that it railway would be got in excllanige, worth mucbl more to tile public, and hich would yield i revenue more thian equl ti the interest on the loan. Failing to compirehend the importance of debentures for the railway being similar in lorm to those already issued by the Governmenl, it is asked with an apparent idiotic grin : Do the promoters entertain "applrehensions" : if so 'this justifies the hesitation of the Government. That is the sum and substance of Mr. Whyte's reply to Sir Richard Dry's admirable letter dated 31d March. Now let us see what the promoters have done. They consist ofa number of'men who were early convinced that unless railways were introduced here, the country would fall behind in the colonial race-be completely distanced. They saw farther-that wherever there was sufficient traffic the railway 'was the cheapest road, and they discovered that if railways were to be constructed here, it could only be by British capital, the interest of whicli was guaranteed by the Government as in New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, and Queens land-whereveever there are "railways in Australia. These men, the friends of progress, uniited together, spent much of their valuable time in procuringinforma tion, subscribed largely themselves, and collected subscriptions to defray prelimi nary work which in every other Austra lianri colony has been done by the respec tive governments. Being shrewd and cautious, and of business habits, they selected a route which would embrace one third of the population, benefit a large area of arable land, and which would be certain to be reproductive. The promoters obtained the statistics of traffic by actual census at tite toll gates :secured a parlia-' mentary.survey and-estimate, and subse-. quently a tender to':execute' the work with Istations, rolling-sltik, mtid electric telegraph complete-for a sliecified. suno including two years' interest, and.;pro -iding that tile contractors should' main-l tain the line for the first year alter.it was opened. If ever there was alln uanselfish movement, the promotion of the Laun ceston and Deloraine Railway ,vWisa' one. The public alone could derive andvantage from the work. But when the promoters came to Parliament and said : Here's a perfect scheme : examine and test it for yourselves, and having done so, carry out tite work i tihe cheapest way it can be done-by borrowing the sum necessary in the London market ozii 'your own debentures, - the promoters instead of being thanked - as benefactors, were treated as persolis who had a design upon tiee public pirse' for their own private purposes. We reiterate here that the plan of the promoters' was this: that having perfected the prelimi iary work they desired to hand over the matter to the Government which should have been prepared to undertake' tlº'taiisk for the " public good, aiid' which coul? l raise' the capital.,,. in the most inexpensive -way. All the shapes that thie question hau subseqmently assumed 'have been at' the dictation,of Ministers or Parliament., But u 'as. if to place the matter;beyond .all dispute- and completely to lay, the ghost:'of a certain, or probable, or possible lo'ss , Mr jDoyne woull unite with a small company,, of which it would not be a breach of 'confi dence to say that: Sir IRicliard Dryiwould be one, to work the 'iline, ani to, pay six per cent. quarterly ini advance on a capi- tul of £400,000. Mr..Doyne's exact words are: I am silt of opinion that the system of Itailway I haveo'recommeonded isthe one beet adapted to the circumstances of the case, and that any half measure would, be a great mistake. The Dis trict requires it and can well afford tt; and I rc peatiwhat I have stated in evidence before the Parliamentary Committee, thist I am so confident of success, that I shall be ready to joini i. a Com. paot of a limited nitunor'or persons to undertake the' workinu of it from the day it is open for traf flc,'and pay:quarterlyln advance o per cent. in. terest upo'sn capital of'.400,000. But Mr. Wlhyte Iust shalow is igno -raises of finance as well as of ordinary nffairs, and he contrasts the success of a Scognlate' "nundertaking," thie Mersey Tramway Company, wllich is to do the trick by means of shares and sharehohlers. We should like to see a railwvay fromn Deloraiine to tile Mlersey, aiid it is very likely tist after tie estublishmielmt of tile line to Deloraine, it might be extended in the direction of the coast. But we were never amo:lg those who supposed for a inloment thlat a colmpa:ny could be formed and suflicient capital secured on the spot, even if the pIans, estimates, and contract would her exaimination. Well, what does the share list say by the last report? Five southern gentlemen have subscribed for 450 shares, and others have taken one. five, ten, and so on, making the aggregate number something over eight hundred shares. And there the liststandse. We fear few ol tie subscribers have ever paid n deposit,so that to a great extent it is a mere paper subscription. At all events the crop of subscribers seems to hale been exhausted. Eight hundred shares aire a small contribuition to ten thousanid, the ,umber required by the prospectus. Mr. WVhyte must finid a better example of success before he will 6e able to convince tihe promoters that they are wrong and hIe is right in finance. The promoters request nothing for themselves: they ask nothing unreason able, unfair, selfish, or sectional; nill they ask is that. Government should fulfil one of its legitimate functions, and 'issue debentures by which capital: con'ld be borrowed at a moderate rate in the English market, -to execute a reproduc tive work :directly affecting one-third of the inhabitants of the island. They have shown thait railways, as 'the cheapest, must supersede the macadumised roads; that it is necessary to economnise in tire expense of cultivation and carriage if this country's products- are to compete on equal terms with others in the Australian and foreign markets. Tire line Ihas been surveyed, tire present traffic ascertained, and the cost of executing the work fixed by responsible contractors.- It has been demonstrated that the. Western Railway would be remunerative ;and to extinguish tel gliost of a doubltin the timid,' tie prejudiced, or" the ignorant, t here nre a n;irber.. of gerntlemen prepared to lease ihltirne and paVy six per cent.;:i:advance: on thecap itrll requ ired . To delay is to. 'drlie back and injure tihe interests of the cilsoiy?as ia whole, r and toprevent atten tion being applied to other ldcalities where tire lslibstitutiion of tile i rail. 'wouldlbe nin economical advantage. We are already too 'much ini thei'wake of thei eother Australian provinces, Which manifest much .-more intelligence. and enterprise than- seem to.exiet here-and yet it.whs not always so. 