A WoEa, oe L'PETS.--T e choice of pets i generally an index to character. The farmer entertainr a dull affection for some gentle heifer, ith uil'l, Juno- like eyes and aromatic breath. tHi man Giles loungc, at lei-ure momne-t, round the Sty, and .r",dly scratches the fat backs of the lethargic tenants . th a clownish smile, evoked by vi-son- of future flitches. Colmrnunity of tastes and purueits leads the huntsman to eek an object ot aflec ti.n ir his -tables; and the soldier. whose life may depend on the fleetness and endurance of his charger, will share his last crust with him. A bucolic partiality for sheep can only tie accounted for by the dronsy placility of rural life. The loveof 'bird is almost peculiar to women; and there is a graceful appro pri-attress in the tendernees of young girls for canaries and other little creatures, iaimbl,', sweet-tongued, and sen-itive as therelvaee. Matrons have a thoughtful lreference for poultry. Venerable spinsters re.ish the spite fulness end loquacity of parrots, and admire a gaudiness of plumage according with their own matletic tastes. ~omre mental perversity may be inferred in a young lady who pets a parrot; and the Pooman lady who, according to Martial, foadled a snake, must bare been a sour old mail.-Once-a-week. STERsa's FAT?-ER.-Sterne's father ,-as a shiftless, roving Irish officer in the early part of the last century. He served in Marl borough's wars, and was cst adrift, like many greater people, by the caprice of Queen Anne, and the sudden peace of Utrecht. Of him only one anecdote remains. lie was, his son tells us, " a little smart man, somewhat rapid and hasty" in his temper; and during some figlhting at Gibraltar he got into a squabble with another young officer, a Captain Phillips. The subject, it seems, was a goose ; but that is not now material. It ended in a duel which was fought with swords in a room. Captaic Phillips pinned Ensign Sterne to a plaster wtll behind ; upon which he quietly asked, "Do wipe the plaster off your sword before you pall it out of me ;" which, if true, showed at least presence of mind. Mr. Fitzgerald in his famine of matter, discusses who this Captain Phillips was ; but into this we shall not follow him. "'Sterne and Tlhacleray," in the National iecriew. Any.- IIC?LLw'AY'. OIST)irner AD PILLS. The best friend-.-In cases o,f erysipelas, iuflam Imotion, ulceration, anrid all the varieties of skin dioeasts, Holloway's Ointment ne'er fails to give relief. Its very first application lessens the in flarnmration, and diminishes both heat and p.in. This soothing Ointment by d.parmtfng the blood on its route to, or return from, the affteted part promotes healthy action, even old indolent ulcers. which have resisted every other tretument, speed ily assume an improved appearance; healthy granulations spring up. the sore contraucts and soonr closes, by the judicous use of Holloway's noted remedies. In severe and chronic cases the Pills should always be taken as the r puri fying, alterative, aperient, and restorative qualitieas pce the whoe wole mass of solids in a wholesome conditionl. A gentleman rode up to a public-house in the country, and askeo', "W\lo is the master of' this house?" ",T. amn, sir," replied the latndlord; "my wife has Leeon dead about three week?." P'ItOMt'T RIEz'LY.-A person being asked what a ghost said to him, which he pretended to have seen, answeri d, 'r' ow should I know what he said ? I ar not skilled in the dead langluanes." As anti- teetotaller accounts for his perpet ual thirst from the fact that he was weaned in Leut, on salt fish I A Frenehmau got exceedingly angry with t waiter at an hotel. " You rascal I" ex cluimled he, " 1 blou' your nose for you." " WV?'ar on eartth hhull I do ?" aid Iliddy; "Father Doaminic orders for my Easter pen ance that I miust soy three Peternostersevery morning, and I never lurnt but one 1" CAN any of our readers inlorm us how it is that the mouths of rivers can be larger tlian their heads? 