TAMAR REGATTA. (Abridged from the Launceston Examiner.) The annual Tamar Regatta was held at Stephen- son's Bend on Tuesday, and although a general holiday had been observed so lately as Thursday last, the people of Launceston and the surrounding districts seemed only too glad of another opportunity to suspend their business pursuits, and again give themselves up to a day of recreative pleasure. The first race was the " Native Youths'' Race," for which seven boats were entered The race was won by Mr. John Brown's Alabama, Mr. Cathcart's Alexandra coming in second, and Mr. Clabburn's Satellite, third. The " Double Handed Sculling Race was won by Mr. Jordan's Flirt. Mr. Brown's Chips won the race for " First Class Sailing Boats," and Mr. Sage's Reporter that for " Sailing Boats of the second class. " The Ship Boats' Race" was won by Captain Young's India. Mr. John Cathcart's Alexandra was the winner of the *. Sculling Race. For .' The Volunteers' Purse" four boats started. This was the most exciting race of the day, and was won by Mr. Cathcart's Alexandra. At half-past six o'clock, the band played the National Anthem, and thus terminated the Tamar Regatta for 1864. INQUESTS-An inquest was held yesterday at the Royal Exchange Hotel, Campbell- street," before A. B. Jones, Esq., Coroner, and a jury of seven, touching the death of a man named James Phillips, a laborer, aged about thirty-four years, who died at the General Hospital on the 8th inst. Deceased had been admitted an the 16th ult., suffering from injuries as detailed in the evidence of Dr. Smart, and Mr. Southwood, a farmer, residing at Black Bottom in the district of Oatlands, and formerly employer of deceased. The jury returned a verdict that the man's death had been the result of accident (viz), crushed between a tree and a dray wheel. CONCERT AT CAMPBELL TOWN An amateur concert came off in the Grammar School, Campbell Town on the evening of Tuesday last, the proceeds being devoted to "St Luke's Church Organ Fund. There was a large attendance, and the programme which embraced a number of choice operatic selections was creditably gone through. The songs '. Thou art not here," " Softly sighs the voice of Evening," and the aria Ernani Involami," were most pleasingly rendered by a lady n ma turn-, and the chorus, by St. Luke's singing clubs, were also well given. The concert was in every respect i a success. HUON REGATTA At a meeting held at Brown's ' Hotel, Franklin, on Tuesday evening last, Mr. [ Tabor in the chair, it was determined to hold the regatta some time early in March, but not to fix it positively for the first, as previously notified, as some important resolutions were submitted pending the confirmation of which, it was not thought desirable to fix on any day. Another meeting will be held at Mr. Fitzpatrick's, Hospital Bay, on Tuesday evening next, when the committee will be in a position to put forward some further very important information. A HOSPITAL PHYSICIAN'S AFTERNOON The staff of the great hospitals is utterly insufficient to allow of their performing themselves the work allotted to them We discover every now and then a conscientious physician, who tries to do his work. We once calculated this work up in a particular instance. At half-past 6 in the evening the Eiculapian bee was putting on his overcoat to return home. He had taken his seat in a wooden bottomed chair at 1 p.m. For five and a half hours he had sat there, ringing his bell, calling out, "Come in," examining his patients, and writing prescriptions, without a break. In the course of that period he had counted 5,480 strokes of the heart, listened to 85 chests, looked at 190 tongues, asked 1,120 questions, wiitted'336seperate recipes, 11 certificates for clubs, three certificates of heaths, and bl of notes in the hospital books of 29 new patients, giving their age, sex,occupation,duration of íllncss.reñdencc and disease. Altogether, he had given gratis to 224 people, and remarked that he felt short of his usual number. Shall we describe the man at the end of his day's work ? He was so pale that he might have proved Ghost in Hamlet in I road sunlight. He was a little deaf on one side from the frequent use of the stethoscope; one of his fingers was sore from perusing; his eyes were wearied ; his back ached intensely ; his head was heavy and his voice was hoarse and tremulous. He had a mis- giving that at the close of his work he had written a prescription for one patient on another patient's letter, and was dreadfully put out to find that, right or wrong, the patients had gone off with their medicines. As he passed out of the hospital, nine persons, whom he had never seen in his life, waited to ask him privately his solemn opinion as to cases some of which had not been before him for weeks, and of which he had no more recollec- tion than at Adam. His face of white despair conveyed to the anxious listeners meanings of which he had not the remotest conception. When he got away from them all there was still three long miles yawning between himself and his din ner. Social Science Review. COLORED PHOTOGRAPHS We lately mentioned a dispute which had arisen between a M Ricco of I Medina, and Colonel Barratt! director of the Camera Oscura, a photographic journal published at Milan, about pi county of invention, bath claiming to have found a method of producing photographs in the natural colors of originals. We now find, from a number of the Camera Oscura, that the invention is far from being so simple canvas was at first suppose 1, still it is worth describing as a decided improvement Suppose it be required to cover the photograph of a man in a black coat, whose hair and board are fair, and whose figure is projected on a white foreground, slightly shaded oil The process of the inventors is as follows -The photograph taken by di) light lies in a basin full of water , it is dark, and the subsequent operations are performed by candle light Two solutions are at hand, one A, consisting of one gramme of chloride of gold and 10 of acetate of soda di solved in 1,0 0 gi amines of water, the ot Tel B, consisting of 20 grammes ofhyposulphate of soda dissolved in 103 grammes of water lilies are besides two more basin with water and a quite of blotting paper The photograph is taken out of the water, and put between the leaves of blotting-paper, it is then laid flat on a pane of glass, and the whole surface except the face and hands receives, with a water-color brush, a coating of solution A By this means the parts subjected to the action of the gold soon change their tints into black The photograph is then put into cle in water again, and left there for a few minutes, during which the operator prepares a second photograph, if required The former one being taken out is put into solution B, where it stays for a few minutes, and is then wished and rinsed as usual Now as the time of immersion will influence the depth of color, by successive unmet - stans an orange-colored cravat will be obtained in one minute, a coffee colored great coat in five violet colored trowsers in 10 and a black coat in JOmumtw, while the hyposulphite of soda, or solution B, gives color of the flesh and hair. Hence, certain colors, though not quite the natural ones may be obtained, which is a decided step in advance -Oahgnam IN A BANKRUPTCY CASE, heard recently, it transpired that one of the dresses for which the petitioner, a, lady, owed had in it fifty-two yards or sit. 