ALCOHOL IN DISEASE. A very important clinical paper, by Dr. Gairdner, of' Glasgow, has appeared in this journal. It fredia of a question in practical medicine, which to all thoughtful minds in the profession, mint seem one of the most, urgent mc Hind questions of the tiny namely, the use of alcoholic stimulants, in disease. As our principal object, in this article is not so much to discuss the question as to direct attention to Mr. Gardiner's paper on ft, we will state the facts which seem to us to give this communication a great importance. Or. Gairdner is, by general consent, regarded as one of the most promising of the present generation of physicians in Scotland. the speaks from experience of vitality and disease in large cities and I as a large scale. Formerly connected with the I! linburgh Infirmary, and latterly with the Glasgow Infirmary, he is on billed to speak authoritatively. But there is another feature of Dr. Gardner's writings which must always command respect, and that is his great moderation and cure, both of statement and inference j the anxious way in which he qualifies conclusions which may seem favorable to his own viol's, or against The views and practices of others. There has been an unseemly extremeness in the doe fines of leading members of the profession of late yours, represented by a lingering; faith in bleeding on the one Timid, uni of newly-acquired belief in brandy or the other. Upon such gentlemen as Dr Gairdner will devolve the duty of mediating between the extreme views of the past and the, perhaps, cqunll&p.x.troino; views of the present. We are con'v'mcM'thut the truth lies in neither extreme, but somewhere in the mi I Ile, na I tire so far it is dis- 'overe I ant applied the better for the credit of medical practice. 'The paper treats of the use of alcohol ill typhus fever, the disease in which: of all of hers, a has been considered most important. Three different degrees of stimulation may be considered as discussed by Dr. Gairdner. Firstly, that minimum degree, of stimulation practised by himself, at least, nine-tenths of the pal hints having no stimulants at all, the whole quantity occasion) I giving, me an average to each patient, during 204 days, the average period of residence, two and es and a quarter of nine and two ounces of whisky. Under this treatment, in ISBEL uni 13112. with a form of fever by no raisins unusually mild, The mortality was 10 per cent, it is important to notice that in all Dr. Gardner's fatal cases a very considerable quantity of stimulants was given. Second ly, that degree of stimulation practised in the Glasgow Fever Hospital, which would give an average allowance to each patient with typhus of forty ounces of wine and seven ounces of' spirit, and under which 17½ per cent, of the patients died. Thirdly, the extreme stimulation practised by Dr. Todd. Particulars are not given by Dr. Gairdner, but it is a matter of notoriety, that the cost for wine and spirits in the London hospitals reaches, or did reach its maximum in King's College Hospital, and that Dr. Todd, in particular, thought nothing of pre- scribing half an ounce, or even an ounce of brandy per hour, in cases of fever. The mortality of' Gr. Todd's cases of typhus, according to Dr. Murchison, is 25 per cent. ICxcluiling'udu't patients, there is a frightful difference in favor of the non-alcoholic treatment. Amongst the young cases treated by Dr. Gairdner, the rate of mortality of 183 unselected cases was " iiinjipiociah'ly small, bit shy t'O per cent." The rate in the Glasgow Fever Hospital generally was about 3 per cent. In King's College Hospital, under or. Todd, it was about 1 / 6 per cent. Dr. Gairdner thinks very strongly of the injuriousness of stimulants administered to fever patients of immature age e, indeed, except in one such case, in which cancerous arms occurred, they were practically withheld. He calculates that if Dr. Tod I's system but I been practised in the treat ment of IS.Ivomig cases, instead of otic death I there would have been from BU Ut SK I There may be sb'miJvgTOwlr<Ulhicy,liir1tin!j in these calculations of Dr. Gairdner, and alcohol;" and lots of' it may, after all, be the panacea wliieh.'to.judge from the medieval fashion of the moment, it is bell to be. If so, we shall soon' have the fallacy pointed out, and the favourite remedy duly, magnified';, but we have long had a most disagreeable fear that the lavish pro-, scription of alcoholic stimulants, in. London practice especially, would one day be discovered to be a great medical error only less -'than the opposite system which preceded it. It has been pushed amongst all. classes of patients ? rich and poor, women '¦ and children, in acute cases, in, hospitals and private practice, money has been most doubtfully squandered over bottles of wine that word I have sent the patient once convalescent, to the sea- side, or that would have paid twice over many uri unpaid bill. More serious still is the moral effect which this fashion of the faculty is calculated to have on the public. Still, considera- tions of in use' cost or morals in a life-and-death question are essentially secondary. If there are any physiological or therapeutical facts which can be regarded as amounting to a proof that alcoholic stimulants in large quantities have a saving or curative effect in fever, not to be got in any other way, they must he administered at all hazards and at any cost. This, however, is just the rub. Dr. Gairdner seems to suspect that alcohol tends " to poison the blood." and there is certainly much both in recent physiology and pathology to make us doubt whether, the blood being already poisoned, as it is in fever,: alcohol is likely to contribute any thing to purification. ' , We do not, wish to go into details here or to dogmatise, or too hastily condemn a practice which, intelligibly enough, has found so much favor; but if the propriety of it. is doubtful, there is nothing so proper as the criticism of it in these columns: The origin of the practice in use be mainly attributable, to Dr. Todd ; but the responsibility of continuing it must rest with the profession in. London, which, it is understood, has adopted Dr. Todd's views. We do not go so far as to say that a case has already been made out jnr abandoning, entirely the administration of large quantities of stimulants in. fever, but a most grave doubt is thrown upon the wisdom of the practice by Dr. Gardner's .; statistics. We shall look: most anxiously to the advent of high stimulation for and explanation of the fact, that fever in Glasgow, under a very moderate allowance, of wine and stimulants, kills only 10 per cent, while in London, under high stimulation, it kills 25 per cent. It will not avail to speak of the low physical condition of the people of London, for any difference in this respect between Glasgow and London must be in favor of the latter, it will not avail to speak of the typhoid type' of disease, for it is in typhus itself that Dr. Gairdner has found the advantage of a moderate, or, to speak more accurately,, an exceptional administration of stimulants ; for, we repeat, it is only in exceptional cases that Dr. 'Juirdncr gives stimulants at all. Indeed, a fanatical critic might find a striking correspondence between the per centage of deaths and the per gettings of cases in the li stimulants were administered and a closer inspection of Dr. Gardner's paper shows a more striking coincidence still, inasmuch as the 10 per cent, of his cases which got a good allowance of stimulants were the identical 10 per cent, which died. We do not construct the syllogism at which we him out of these tempting materials.. We can easily understand that it would be perfectly false, but we very seriously commend the whole subject, to the attention of the profession, especially London. The SrntiT-lUwixo TjirosTt'iti* Exposed. The editor of the Glasgow Herald, in a recent issue of that journal, says: Some sixteen reputable gent women of this city clubbed together, and resolved, if possible, to find the truth or falsehood I of the " spirit matter ""out. They applied to the Marshall mediums," in London, but the Resulted that enterprising firm declined to make her tipppunuioo in G jasgow on any in terms, tilthoitgh.-sho recommended an American substitute, of tho^mallpJBex, " warranted to be more highly favourites scarified matters" than even the celebrated "mediums" abovenamed. in due ' time this distinguished: person made his appearance in --'Glasgow; he attended above a dozen ." seances." public and private, and the result is now before us in a pamphlet written by a gentleman who also at- tended. "Seance" No. 1 took place in presence of twelve witnesses. But the spirit medium was evidently not in good spirits, kind". christian portant fact being, as a matter of course. well known to the supernatural present, the, spirit of George Fox, the Quaker, indicated through the proper channel that he (the medium) " was, not. in a favorable physical condition for manifestations that evening, and must not perform." The medium took this advice, and did nothing. The second "seance" opened with a slight Tilting of the table, and then certain names were written on slips of paper and folded up, when the medium ''guessed" the nature of tho writing, and was correct two times out of three. Alter this, one of the gentlemen was informed that the spirit of his sister was present, and, without shading his hand or hiding the motion of the pencil, he wrote the words, "Are you happy?" This question was objected to, however, by some of the company as being too common, and because the medium was sitting directly opposite, and observing the motion of the writer'!, hand. Another question namely. " Is spirit rapping untrue?" was therefore substituted and in this instance the land and pencil were carefully concealed while the query was being written down. " That, the ghost-sister felt deeply indignant at the substitution mid replied through the medium, of course? that she would not answer the second question, but the first, which she did, or he did, by writing, " I am happy." Several questions were written down alter this in such a manner Hut the medium vessels in the dark regarding their contents, and the attendant spirits left him in the same predicament, for in not a single instance was a correct answer given.. Then Mr. Medium proposed "som) physical manifesta- tions," but the spirits were evidently out, of tune and, moreover, the table was heavy weight, so that nothing whatever was done. At the third meeting 11 rickety " pembroke," with projecting "them," supported by brackets. was substituted for the solid dining table of the previous evening, meal for a few minutes the " pembroke " danced about on its' four "'pins" on an amazing rate. While this was going on the legs of the medium were under the table, and his hands resting upon it. He was narrowly watched, and when the table moved again, the knee of the medium was discovered to be in contact with one of the brackets of the " pembroke" Then a learned doctor who was present sat down under the table in order to make assurance doubly sure, and this put an: end to the manifestations at once. The table, in short, stood stock still, when the medium was watched, and after 11 time the poor man gave in, protesting that spirits required faith," and fluidly he declined to proceed any further that evening. The weary work went on from night, to night till the last scene of " seance" of' all. On this eventful evening the spirit of one gentleman's father was summoned, and in due time it signified its presence by a '? tilting" of the table. The gentleman sat opposite the medium, and allowing the latter to watch the movements of his hand while he apparently wrote the words, " Are you happy?" though in reality, the question written was "Are you hungry ?" the spirit without a moment's hesita- tion, said " I am." Then the gentleman wrote down, " Have you seen my mother, and is she hungry ?" and the ghost, or rather the medium, replied, "I have, and she is." Then followed the question, " Are all, then, hungry in heaven" and the spirit of his father answered " lies !" Question No. 4 was then written down in the following shape:? " is the medium a gross humbug?" and immediately the spirit nipped out an impatient " Yes!" and, when the question was repeated a second time " Yes" was returned still more emphatic than the first. The questions and answers were then deliberately read over in the presence of the licensed medium, and the poor man, we are informed, looked unutterable things. 