A PASTORAL BY CARDINAL I WISEMAN. (From The Times, May 23rd.) Yesterday the Trinity Sunday Pastoral of Cardinal Wiseman was read in all the Roman Catholic places of worship within the "Arch diocess of Westminster." In this Pastoral, after the usnal greetings,the Cardinal exhorts his flock to contribute towards the fnnd for erecting Roman Catholic churches and schools in the arohdiooeas, and then proceeds to speak npon more weighty matters. Ho says : "We cannot shut our eyes to the aim or tendency of modern science, which is to demand not equality, but supremacy ; not a fair balance but a loaded scale, whenever it seems to come into competition with the claims of revelation. The moment the two seem to contend, in dis- agreement, for the belief of man, science at once exacts that all else should give way ; and, unfortunately, too many yield at once and surrender at discretion. " The stump of a fossil tree, the bones of an extinct animal, a broken skull found in some inexplicable place, but requiring a solution equally from our assailants; nay, a potsherd, a sea-shell, the piles of a lake village, the rudi- ments of stone instruments,all things-—anything is heavy enough to turn the scale in favor of what is called reason. " And we are ridiculed as fearing or opposed to science, as narrow-minded and hoodwinked bigots, for not at once adopting this confused mass of immature geognosy, and sacrificing, in honor of our acceptance, whatsoever bus boen to us venerable, whatsoever holy, whatsoever lovely, whatsoever of good fame, whatsoever true and just, whatsoever has been hitherto to us the light of our eyes or the joy of our hearts, what has made us and kent us virtuous, hope- ful, consoled, happy through our dark or rugged way on earth, and has sustained our heads above the billows, and our souls above the troubles, the anxieties, and the anguishes of life. " We pause in vain. We are calmly and composedly placing in the opposite scale many and dear considerations. We have before us a prescriptive authority in records of many thousand years ago, discussed, disputed, and always victorious, running down a channel that seems scooped out for it through primeval rivers, lined with monuments beyond which man has left no articulate memorial-—cuneiform or hieroglyphic ; all marvellously attesting, by consenting and concurrent testimony, the accuracy of those sacred volumes ; then inter- woven with what the West considered ancient and the East modern, the annals of the Ptole- mies and the Seleneidæ, till the stream of primitive history, with its evidence of prophecy, still iu course of verification, drops silently into that deeper, nobler, and more magnificent reser- voir, where it mingles with the pure and living waters of a new dispensation, whence it issues with all the new qualities-—evidences, proofs, and applications which are concentrated here. " Here we meet with such a strange super- human overweight of proof as seems to master every possible objection, and to leave no alter- native for a second solution. For, in addition to all that miraculous works and prophetic sayings, and now moral precepts, a fresh philo- sophy, theology, and social code issuing from illiterate men,in the midst of a most brilliant age, -and accepted;we have to throw into the balance the vastest empire ever known, subdued when at its greatest might ; the entire world reformed, transformed into a new condition by a new legislature, promulgated by ignorant men, pro- pagated by poor men ; proved and pressed on acceptance by men in prison and in the stocks, under tho scourge and the knife, on the rack and gridiron ; till the whole empire and the entire globe rolled spontaneously to the feet of a Galilean crucified on the Janiculum. " Have we not a right to put all these grave and solemn considerations against a solitary cranium, an antiquated fish-bone, or a frag» ment of pottery ? Yet while we are doing so, comes in the sarcasm and the jeer that we are unscientific, anti-progressist, superstitious,and behind the age; and sharper than a two-edged sword, and heavy like that of Camillus, it is thrown into the opposite scale, as sufficient to make ours kick the beam. But no: eternal truth will prevail, when temporal science shall have revised its wisdom, and brought it into harmony with the moral evidences which sur- round and support revelation. " Your strongest support and your sub limest aspirations were centred in this belief and hope that you were made to the image of God in Trinity. Science pretends to overthrow this belief, and so deprive you of your most en nobling and consoling principle of life and action. No, if science, as now read by too many, says true, there was no time when God could have created man ; no moment in which He could have impressed on him His own divine image. The human race, according to this version, springs from some scarcely organized rudiment of matter, which gradually went on, through millions of ages, unfolding its means and powers of life ; till having passed through various brutish improvements, it reached the stage of existence which immediately preceded the human, providing for our inheritance-—for the man the matured intelligence, for tho woman the ripened graces, of the ape, or the baboon. " God help us ! that many should have allowed themselves to accept such an origin ; while a whole host of proofs assigns to us that of reve- lation ; makes men the bonding link between unthinking matter and the breath of God, which made him sentient, reasoning, moral, and imperishable. Nay, which made him Godlike, and almost God. ' I have said, ye are Gods.' " And now, perhaps, a second question awaits us. Has anything occurred to make these warnings especially requisite at this time, beyond the increasing tendency to liberalism in religion, and the ease with which are adopted conclusions of rationalism, that have been of late years spreading ? "Most certainly, dearly beloved children, there have been growing in the last few months alarming symptoms not merely of religious in- difference, but of betrayals of the Faith, by those to whom tho public will of this country had entrusted its guardianship, at least in what is broadly designated Christianity. Seldom, indeed, when addressing you in pastoral epistles, do we travel beyond the limits of our own Catholic interests and duties. But as we have already observed, a strong necessity com- pels us to raise our voice aloud, in solemn pro- test, and ecclesiastical self-guardianship. " You all heard, that within a comparatively recent period, in the very body constituted by law, to preach and defend tho doctrines of revelation, there has been slowly generated, but at last outwardly manifested, a canker of rationalism ; which, if it spread must eat out vitality, and so extinguish life. Learned men, in high dignity, have lifted up, if they have not thrown off the cloak, which wrapped up in decent concealment the hideous sore. The in- spiration of Holy Scripture, the eternity of torments for the wicked, are among the most prominent doctrines, which these writings have been held most prominently to impugn, to the scandal of many. To their aid has advanced a scholar of peculiar learning and skill, of whom the people might naturally say, ' one that is a priest of the seed of Aaron is come, he will not deceive us.' In volume after volume he has denied, not without much apparent research, the truth of the Books of Moses, and conse- quently his account of tho creation of the world and of man. " Need we say that, without our specifying other doctrines, there was enough in what we have mentioned, to evoke from long torpor, and bring into fearless activity, any power, preser- vative or curative, antidote or medicine, which lay in tho hands of that body to which the bulk of the people look for religious teaching or for guidance in their own more humble inquiries ? " Answers, totally inadequate, have indeed appeared, from other contending scholars. But from those who hold, by law, tho office which St. Paul describes as so full of corrective energy, there has been no active demonstra- tion of consciousness of its possession ; no 'being instant in season, and out of season ;' no efficacious ' reproving, entreating, rebuking in all patience and doctrine.' No Synod has been convoked to condemn doctrines more false and fatal than those of Arius ; no sword of tho Spirit drawn, if not to smite the blas- phemers, to cut out his infecting sore ; no comibjned assprtion of ' It hath seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us,' in fine no decisive, irrevocable, authoritative declaration or re assertion of doctrine, on the two vital doctrines of Scriptural inspiration, and the eternity of punishment. ' May we not, therefore, conclude, that this supposed teaching body feels within itself that want of power to act outwardly, which instinct makes us feel, when in the presense of a wide chasm, that our frame would refuse to obey our will, if this impelled us forward over it; and that our attempt to leap it must end in an ignominious fall ? "In fact, so unreliant has it shown itself, now as ever before, on its own inborn, or Heaven granted, authority and success, that this most solemn and purely religions contro- versy has passed into the hands of laymen from the hall of the priests to the tribunal of Caesar. Now, this has given judgment, with the minute discrimination, the careful sifting, and tho cold impartiality, which would have marked a decision on a conveyance of property,or the transmission of a legacy. And what is remarked indeed is, that the judgment has gone forth, as valid, and inconcussible, in spite of assessors impugning it, who belong to the highest order of religious teachers recognized by the State. " What is tho consequence ? Why, practic- ally that henceforth the inspiration of any proposed portion of Holy Scripture may be safely denied, within the pale of the national religious Establishment ; and thus falls what has been considered ' the pillar and ground- work' of its doctrine. " And so may any one, securely, deny that eternal fire of the Judgment to come, which is more effectual for converting sinners than the reading of God's word, which terrified Felix in his powerful wickedness, and Simon Magus in his cunning impiety. And in this way, the great moral ground of divine fear is cut from under the feet of the unrepenting, who may now go on in their way rejoicing ? "When we see the foundations of revealed truth thus sapped and abandoned, after a short and ineffectual struggle, by those placed on its walls to defend them, must we not be anxious, and even weep ? Must we not feel dismayed at con- templating the gulph of infidelity towards which the bark, abandoned by its steersman, is evi- dently drifting ? " But still more, must we not speak out, believing as we do, and proclaim that to us is entrusted a true and terrible responsibility to uphold revealed doctrine ? Must we not lift up our voice and protest in the name of the Catholic Church, against any weak surrender of our sacred deposit, or any attempt to lessen it, by whomsoever made and by whomsoever coincided in ? ' For Sion's sake I will not hold my peace, and for the sake of Jerusalem I will not rest.' "And now, a more recent occurrence leaves us no alternative but to expresa our feelings, an occurrence which cannot but afflict us, as most humiliating to Christianity itself. For, although we may not allow any spiritual power or ecclesiastical claims to those who took part in it, yet we must fully recognize their high civil position and the influence of their example, and the force of deductions from it on the bulk of the nation, which recognizes in them a still more exalted and sacred position. " Within these few weeks, a man of celebrity in his own country, only connected with this country by admiration on his side, and helpful co- operation with all his schemes here, paid England a visit. He was welcomed by many nobles with magnificence, and by multitudes with enthusiasm. With all this, we have nought to do. " We are often warned not to presume to give an opinion on public matters, as beyond the sphere or above the capacities of churchmen. We leave, therefore, the deserts of this man to more competent authorities. We leave the military character of one, who was made prisoner in buttle against his own sovereign's troops, and who was wounded by a missUe from his armory, to those gallant men, who never paid such homage to a Napier or a Clyde, but who have ever considered that a soldier's loyalty and honor should be as spotless and as highly burnished as hissword. We leave to our states- men of every party to pronounce on the place to be accorded in their ranks, to one who to- day advocates and perpetrates the destruction of thrones, and gives public rewards for the attempted assassination of kingsland to-morrow exhorts his fellow subjects to reject the consti- tutional government of his country, and centre all authority in a despotic dictatorship. But one thing, at least, there is on which we have a right to judge, to feel, and to speak. Touch religious matters with scorn and blasphemy, speak contumaciously of what we most reve- rence and love ; and you touch the very apple of our eye, and we have a right to cry aloud, with pain, perhaps with shame. " Some mouths before his visit, this soldier and statesman, assuming tho highest possible position, addressed a letter ' To the English nation,' dated September 28,1862, From it we extract the following passage :— _' The initiative that to-day belongs to you, might not be yours to-morrow. May God avert this ! Who more bravely took tho initiative than France in '89 ? She, who in that solemn moment gave to the world the Goddess Reason, levelled tyranny to the dust,and consecrated free brotherhood between nations. After almost a century, she is reduced to combat the liberty of nations, to protect tyranny, and to direct her only efforts to steady on tho ruins of the Temple of Reason, that hideous immoral mon- strosity, the Papacy.' " Many of you doubtless know what France, drunk with the spirit of irreligion and disloyalty, did to inaugurate the Goddess of Reason, and give her solemnly to the world. To those who do not, it may suffice to say, that whatever the Prophet and our Lord meant by the 'abomina- tion of desolation, standing in tho holy place' this expression was verified most literally. The triumph of rationalism over Christianity was symbolised by 'a hideous immoral monstrosity,' too detestable to be described. » " This representation by an act of sacrilegious solemuity of the victory by reason over revela- tion, was thus eulogized in an addreBS to the British nation, by the man to whom it is 'said English ladies knelt. Be it so. The French nation was extolled for that obscene worship, and is reprobated for having repented of its foolish wickedness. And in conformity with this praise and this blame mUst tho religion of its utterre be considered to stand. " Not in the common crowd, not mingled with Dissenting ministers, in the general leveés, but standing apart, elaborately separated, were the leaders, we will not say, the representatives, of the Anglican clergy. Three and three from each highest class of the national hierarchy came forward, not as statesmen, not as soldiers, not as worldlings-but therefore as priests and bishops-to greet the man who has preached to them doctrine, and applauded to them prac- tices, fat bayoud those in wickedness, to the proclaimed of which tho Word of God forbids ua to say, ' God speed you.' With one hand grasping the right hand of him who had called on them, indirectly at least, to install tho God- dess of Reason on the altars of their ministers -for this was what France did—with tho other feebly condemning the doctrines of that God- dess. " Oh, pity, pity ! at least, if not worse, that such a spectacle should have been exhibited to England, at the time, the moment, when every energy of every hand should be put forth, not to dally with, but to crush the spirit, however embodied, of infidelity as well as disloyalty ! " And now, dearly beloved, must not we who value consistent truth—revealed truth, apos« tolic truth, the truth that rests on the teaching of the Church—boldly assert our rights to teach it, however others may either vacillate or shrink in its plain delivery ? We stand on out own ground here, within our own holy place. And we ask you to co-operate with us in our effort this day to multiply the number of those churches and schools into which the spirit of irreligion will never creep, nor any tampering be allowed with the faith of our fathers.." 