I HOME TALK. -I- I I From the Home News, May 26.) I OUR talk in London, for the last week or fortnight, has, of course, been quadrupedal, as will easily be imagined by any one who happens to recollect that yesterday was the Derby Day. I may almost say that the clubs become a nuisance at the time of the great British festival, for the talk gets so terribly "horsey." Even the quiet men, and those who know nothing more about a race than that it is a feat performed by a certain number of well-bred horses in the presence of an uncertain number of men, who for the most part are ill- bred, share the excitement, just as Diogenes rolled his tub under the influence of the general agitation. Moreover, these quietist are usually moved to put their names down for the sweepstakes, and though they do not care what horse wins (supposing their own draw has no chance, as usually happens), they have strong hopes and fears as to what man on the club lUt may obtain the prize. It is aggravating to see the two or three hundred pounds go to same very rich fellow who doesn't want the money at all, or to some hungry, unpopular, snarling man who wants it very much indeed, and in the absence of extreme cases, it is matter of growl when the luck goes to somebody who scarcely ever comes near the club, and whose name is unknown to the majority of members. To one of these three classes the winning horse is generally thrown, and then men declare they will never put in again, and they never do until the following May. All our discussions and apprehensions are of course now over, Mr. W. l'A neon's horse, named Blair Athol, having yesterday won the Derby for 1864. Circumstances over which I had no control, and my respected medical attendant had not much, prevented my attending the race, but, having read the Derby literature for the last quarter of a century, I con- scientiously allege, in any form prescribed by any Act of Parliament for the abolishing needless affidavits, and substituting declarations in lieu thereof, that I do not believe that a single atom of new descriptive matter in regard to the race or its incidents can be supplied by the most imaginative reporter that can be sent to Epsom. A French- man might do it, or a Japanese Ambassador, or an American, but I am, unhappily, neither of the three. We were talking of Garibaldi when I last wrote, but that subject is now forgotten, of course. The persons who were disappointed that the upper classes took the great Italian into their care, did their utmost to get up a disturbance about his going away without visiting the provinces, but no sensation could be created. A meeting on Primro8o-b.ll, with which they supplemented the planting of the Shakespeare oak, was, as I mentioned, dispersed by the police, but Government very sensibly allowed another to be holden, and it went off in smoke. A deputation went to scold Mr. Gladstone for his part in the dismissal of Garibaldi, but his exquisite courtesy and elaborated precision of explanation, with a sarcasm so well veiled that it could not be made matter of offence, were too much for the accusers, and they retired grumbling out a tone of satisfaction, at which Mr. Gladstone declared himself delighted beyond measure. Garibaldi was taken away in the Duke of Sutherland's yacht, and a Mayor and the Aldermen of the place when he departed were broken-hearted, for they had prepared the usual onslaught, but were told that the wind was too good to be lost for the sake of of their platitudes. He is now safe in Caprera. Cardinal Wiseman has emitted a pastoral, in which he al- made to Garibaldi's expressed admiration for the French. Revolution, and its adoration of the Goddess of Reason (an unlucky lapses pictures, certainly), and asks what must the Church of England be when many of its dignified clergy were seen shaking hands with a man who had avowed such sentiments. The Cardinal is a very smart person-too smart, I fancy, to be made Pope in place of his present Holiness, whose successor it is said that it has been necessary to select. The Queen is in the Highlands. I have neither intention nor desire to say more upon a disagreeable subject than is necessary, but having undertaken to report " what is said, I can hardly avoid a reference to the matter. There is no doubt that the views and wishes of her Majesty, in reference to the pan-German war, are those which might be expected from the daughter, widow, and mother- in-law of German royalty. Those views and wishes arenotthosoof the heir apparent, the husband of a Danish princess, nor are they those of the majority of the people. But that is all that right to be said upon the subject. English- men have their own feelings, but are perfectly able to make allowances for the feelings of others, and especially for those of a Sovereign, who from the moment of her accession has deserved and obtained our best affections. Were the Queen to come among the people to-morrow, her reception would be one of the most unbounded loyalty, notwithstanding that most of us wish that should hostilities succeed the expiry of the armistice, the Prussian army may receive a defeat, and the Austrian ships he again worsted. We do not parade our loyalty, except upon rare occasions, but we keep it, and do not allow accidents to interfere with it. That the Prince of Wales should be all on the side of his Princess's family is as natural, and more gratifying. By the way, his royal Highness has inaugurated his public career by taking the chair at the banquet of the Literary Fund, and by delivering a very fresh and pleasant speech, evidently of his own composing, in which he paid a graceful tribute to the late Mr Thackeray (of whose works he is understood to be a sincere admirer), and in which, in a touchingly frank manner, he regretted that all his own father's speeches had not been fully reported. The London season is well on, and one is reminded of Sir G. Cornewall Lewis's speech, worthy of Rochefoucauld, that life would be very tolerable, but for its pleasures." Everybody is everywhere. But either there is so much talk that there is no time for conversation, or there is an absence of salient topics, for I have seldom known a May in which there has been less to discuss. We have had some tremendously hot weather, which came all of a sudden, and the glass in the sun was at 110 degrees, and for about a week this created a real sensation, but some fierce thunderstorms have cleared the atmosphere, and we are now almost cold again. I do not know whether the habit of talking meteorology, when friends meet, has gone out to Australia with other accomplishments, but if so, you can understand the advantage of these changes to our conversationalists. What else do people talk about Let me see. Well, I dined out two or three days ago (or I might have been able to go to the Derby) and I had the advantage of sitting next to a very charming married lady, who knew everything, at least, and told me most of it. She said, among a thousand and one other things, that it was all very well to talk and it is, if you can talk as she did but that Lord Palmerston was by no means so strong as it was the thing to say, that though he occasionally had capital fits and starts of Parliamentary energy, he was very often by no means up to his work, and that he ought to take care of himself. At the same time, she said, laughing, that though she would not say whether she was, or wasn't, a bit of a believer in the supernatural, she did not think that the phosphoric appearances which had been so much talked about, as having been seen in the sheet of water at his place, Brocket-hall, had any significance. But he would have to give up hard work, and let us have a new Premier very soon. Ah But who is to be the new man ? Well, gentlemen most settle that, poor women knew nothing, but id I think that Mr. Gladstone had gone out of his way for nothing ? (This referred to a speech which Mr. Gladstone | has astonished the world with, one in which he declared that the time had come for extending the suffrage to the working classes, and in which he gave his support to a bill for reducing borough voters from £10 to £6.) Well, Mr. 1 Gladstone was a very clever and very ambitious man and if he saw that the Tories, who have won a great many elections and think they can oust the Cabinet, would make their rush, he intended to hoist the Badinai flag, and have a Ministry of his own. Hero, and leaving you to imagine that at this moment the whitebait interrupted us, I may mention that I put this suggestion of my accomplished friends to a man who supposes himself to be in the enjoyment of full Ministerial confidence, and I am bound to say that he does pick up some early facts. He asserted that the Chancellor of the Exchequer had no such selfish ideas, and that he was " feeling the joe " for his colleagues, who would not be indisposed to play a reform trump, if their opponents' hand proved very strong. Anyhow Mr. Gladstone's speech has caused a great agitation, and the ultras have held meetings, and proclaimed him as their own. Oxford is very wrathful, and advises him to try Finsbury at the next election, as Isis blushes behind her veil for her once favourite son. But leaving that lady, let me return to mine, who further informed me : I That both the operas are very dull this year, and that the directors ought to be made to bring out something new, instead of perpetually giving music of which every school girl knows every note. That Herr Wachter, with his one firework vote, is a mere imposition, and can't sing at all. That Mario is, of course, delightful, what he can do his work, but he is always breaking down, and takes no care of himself. That certainly he has learned Faust, but how has be learned it, and you cannot say that he has mastered the part, and how should he He has the music at home, and now and then he looks at it, smoking his dreadful cigars, and then his singing-master comes, and makes him know some of it, more or less as the case may be, and oftener less than more, and then he comes out, and if he happens to be in tolerable voice that night, things go pretty well. But he will not know the part until be has sung it through two seasons, and then, if he has a voice. it will be charming, but meantime the world goes round. As for Patti, she is very clever, no doubt, and her popularity is extraordinary, but so was that of Piccolomini, who used to come up to a note, and if she did not like it, would jump over it, like a horse over a five-barred gate. But she was not a great artist, and her voice had been worked much too hard. Who else was there to talk about And as if things were not full enough, we were to have Fidelio. (Lovely music. I humbly interpolated.) Why, it was Beethoven, and it was not the thing to be profane, but wasn't it dull ? And at Covent-garden, there was nothing but ringing the changes on the Prophet, Robert, and the Huguenots. Here I would have an innings, and spoke of the death of Meyerbeer, the grandest composer of the day. Very well, no doubt, but we have had enough of the old works. Where was his Africaine, which has been promised for the last ten years? Why was it not brought out at once, and not at the fag-end of the season, when everybody was out of town ? Of course one must go to the Opera, but never were subscribers so ill-treated, and next year nobody would say scribe at all. Bera came some trout with iced sauce, and we dropped the musicians. But I had much more to be told, and, inter alia, That it was quite right of Lord De Grey to make an example of the war-office clerks who played ohtoken-bazard in office hours. It was very hard, of course, upon men who I had risen to the head of their department, and were unfit for other employment, that they should be turned out/ and lose the benefit of the fond, But a severe example was. wanted, for there were hundreds of young men, of tolerable principles, but not very strong minds, who thought it was fine to imitate their superiors, and who might take to gamble, and bring themselves and their families to ruin, something might be done by and by, for the men who had been turned out, but all mothers must be indebted to Lord De Grey for having read the lesson. Besides, it was such a temptation to wrong the country. A man who is in an office of trust must hear things which it might be worth many a person's while to pay for knowing (for instance, she knew somebody who had seen the whole Budget before it came out), and suppose a gambier chose to make up his losses by letting a secret be known in certain quarters. I said that I did not believe these latter son 1 federations actuated her at all, women cared nothing about the public, but the was thinking of her own two elegant sons who were both in Government employ. Hence arose, a slight coolness, which lasted until the dessert, when we became once more friends, and I heard that the Academy exhibition was rather better than usual, but that there was no picture of mark (and I knew, but schooled by experience, I did not say that this meant that there was no vulgar, literal . painting of something everybody had seen, and therefore crowded to see on canvas, until a policeman was needful to compel circulation) that there were two orang-outang at the Zoological- gardens, but bad specimens, not worth showing; that if I had not heard anything; about a divorce which was going to set everybody talking, she was not going to be the first to tell me of it (she did, later) that Mr. Disraeli had republished his youthful " Bevolu scenery Epick," in defiance of people who said he had advocated tyrannical, but that he had altered the objection- able passage into perfect harmlessness that she had read the first number of Mr. Dicken's new story, but could not make up her mind whether it was going to interest her or not, but that if Mr. Trollope had never drawn any character but Lily Sale he ought to be immortal, only the end of the book was so unsatisfactory that she seldom went to a theatre, because they ran pieces for two years, but that the two or three novelties had all been bad, and Mr. Sothern'a Garrick was a sod descent from his Dundreary that these Greenwich dinners were a great deal too long (pleasant for me but that now, thank gracious, they were going to get up-that we were not to smoke too much, and that the carriages were ordered at ten o'clock. Really, I do not know that there is much to add this time to the information which I received under the circumstances mentioned. Shall I say that a book is in the press which will have great interest both for us and for you, the Diary of Mr Stuart, the Australian explorer ? It is soon to be published, with engravings and capital maps, and has been edited by a gentleman in every way competent to do justice to hardy and gallant explorers, At Hampton, on the banks of the Thames, and at one of its most beautiful parts, stands a large and not elegant house which is interesting as having been built by the great actor. David Garrick. On the lawn in front is a temple, as it is called, which the actor erected in questionable honour of Shakespeare, and for which Horace Walpole (who had then learned to ad i mire the fashionable artist, in whom be saw little when 1 Garrick was only making his way) wrote a not very neat inscription. The house and grounds have long been in the hands of some wealthy trades folk, and they are now offered for sale at the auction mart. I was visiting a friend in the neighbourhood on Sunday, and in spite of an edict we managed to talk and bribe our way into the house. The rooms, with one exception, are not good, but there is a fine drawing-room, with bay window, which is very interesting, being is exactly the state in which Garrick left it. The walls are adorned with large Chinese designs, and the great old embroidered chairs one could easily fill, by a slight effort of imagination, with Johnson, Burke, Reynolds, Goldsmith, and the rest of The Club. Garrick's bedroom, which is in two parts, comprising a sort of alcove in which is the bed, ornamented with the celebrated China hangings (which he had so much trouble to get through the Custom-house that the grievance became historical), and a lofty arched apartment, that could be shut off by a curtain, is also worth note. It is decorated with some graceful medallions, and with looking glasses which are composed of many pieces, for there were no gigantic sheet of glass in those days. The grounds are delightful, and there is an "event" or " all" of the Thames that goes with them, The road cuts the lawn, but there is a subterranean way to the river, and this tunnel was suggested by Dr. Johnson. There is no time for an Australian millionaire to send over carte blanche to save the place, and I hear that it is to be bought at almost any price by a rich tailor, whose emissaries chalk the walls with. vulgar recommendations to try his goods, and he announces that he shall pull the house down, in order, I suppose, to build a Snip Yilla, We may surely expect that as one of the authors of a Drury-lane "address" that was really " rejected," wrote, " The troubled shade of Garrick, hovering near, Will drop in Thames wave a pitying tear," I do not touch foreign matters, but it would seem strange to omit all mention of the awful struggle now raging in America, or to leave it to be supposed that we do not speak of it. On Epsom Downs, yesterday, there assembled at least 200,000 persons to enjoy themselves, and to witness the contest of some magnificent horses. The same papers which record this tell us that within a few days'' steaming, at least 260 000 men speaking our language,- were meeting early in the month to slaughter one another, and that they kept at the bloody work for six days, including a Sabbath. We do not forget such horror, even in our own mirth, and we pray that the fratricidal contest may soon be brought to an end. Grant, the Federal, appears to be a leader of the British bulldog kind, and be has certainly advanced towards Richmond, though It seems only to get nearer to lines and defences against which his armies will be hurled in vain. We bear a good deal about theatrical matters in Australia, and you may like to know that our theatres are all very busy, except Drury-lane, which has just closed, as is to let. The sensation of the moment Is an elaborate revival of Hamlet, by Mr. Fechner, at the Lyceum, He has some fine scenery, and most artistic ghost, only the ghost is too fat, and not very solemn, and is chiefly admired for his clever disappearances, Miss Kate Terry has made a great success in Ophelia, as was expected. An attempt at a Morality Play, after the old fashion, by Mr. Tom Taylor, has not been received with much favour at the Olympic It has many defects, but its real win in the eyes of the critics, who are singularly devoted slaves to managers, is that it treads on too many rooms. I suppose you will not be much concerned to know that Mr. Webster and Mr. Boucicault are vituperating each other in letters, apropos of a very bad comedy which the latter sold to the Corner as original, but which of course was taken from the French. Min Bateman continues to draw capital houses to lux Leah, which she will play to the end of her engagement, and then the will have a rest, and probably a country round, returning ter town when the winter season begins. Toil charming young artist has achieved a most legitimate success, without adventitious aid, and solely by her fresh, womanly, and sympathetic noting. . Mr. Punch ' dedicates to her the following epigram, with which I conclude my present despatch : A Political organ declares with a sigh That reformers are rightly for indolence blamed, And that what we all want is A Very Good Cry Of which no clots of extreme need be ashamed. " Mr. Punch " he observed the appeal, and would state That the article wanted has come from Jndraa ; And now may be had every night, about VIII. Of his gifted young friend, Miss Kate Josephine Leah. 