AUEIVAL OP THE BISHOP OB GOULBURN. " ^ ÎAbria'p.ea {rem Ibe Qoulburn JTi ali. April 0.) THURSDAY waa ono of Die pleasantest <iaya lu" oar distil th it perhaps was ever spent ia it by arty of tho nainoroi perdons who shored in tho enjiyment. At t»e!ve o'olci nt TJO'm, (bs clergymen, ehurohwnrdonp, end raioyof tl raishionérs frons till patti, toe! tha Eight Ravri». il Mairopo'ilon and tho Bishop of Goulburn nt P.iddj Hiver, «nd escorted them o the boundary af the dioeene , Gjulhnrn, to a little temporary ohnteb ereoted nt Wit gelloP.rb. By the timo tbr-y resab/d there, the par ?was inorea«ed by other parishioners wbi j fined on tl road, and ethers availed their orrivil et the church. Tl Lord Bishop ol Goulburn and the mioister of the dis'ri r ibed, and tba soulos commenced, wbiob consisted ol tl Li'any, eaid'by'tbO Utter. 15The Rev. Edward B, Procter then addressed tl Bishop bf Goulburn, previous to presenting tte taroohl address. In'few worda be expressed bis happiness i joining his fl :ok lu thanksgiving to AlmUtty G id fi ibo sol« arrival of the Bishop a-nongs t them ; bat, 1 said, while they u i parish, an integral part of tt diooefe, lèjogaiied in the advent of their bishop a 'increase of advantages nnd blessing to themselves an their eblldren, by tua bunging to them means of grit aBoTsplTitu'ál ble sings wbfoh they oonld not ponei ^without the preienao of one holdicg his several odie» saionirst them t while he j lined them and the diccase t large in'f jobing at tho more cxtinded blessings «bia ?would result from the further extension of tba chare over «he1 Hod, "In the lenv'honing ber cords, an .strengthening her stabee." Yet lhere wan ono-otb« blessed rds nit from the err i/al ot the Bishop t G-ialbnrn, ,'whiah oonld'noe bo lo strongly felt, c olearly ' obpreolated ty onv as by the olerg; Ia his han eaie. tho reverend - gentleman said, hi P'ti ihioneta cou'd not rosli'a tho advantages to biroBoll or (ally sympathise with bim in tho matter, though thc "would,hiodty njjloa wi h htm when ho rejolosd. Wb, .he'alluded to was the comfort, the blessing of bavir 'xtear bim1 his bishop, with whom bi. oonld tal oounso', with whom be could seek : end ri acive '.advlao, ' enaóáragemeht, and rapport when t seeded them. No ona . but tba "wdibina clergy kne wfa«t tl naa tu b i sépirnted from their b'shop, who ooul support and'enoourage them in. difficulties, snob es noe bat the ra-oobisl olorgy and their blBbop could appréciât At-floeh time« the residence of hie bishop eta distsnc "of-upwards of IOU'miles from' him deprived the part ehial clergyman of tbeso comforts and' a i vantage) * Sis Lordship could understand bow great oom ne (Mr. Prootor) had for njiiaiog at the arrival < bia bishop, end bis residing so near him. Tb revered gentleman said, he rejoiced because now t possessed what he BO ardently longed for ; be no was brought into olote relit'onB with one whom t " ahonld view as his counsellor, hit father, his friend. M light bles ing indeed ! Perh'ips the more prized br-oani so long' wished for, but'hitherto cot possessed. E "«ben,' with the ohnrohwardem, presented tho parojbii nddrew to his Lirdabip, reeding it as follows : To the Bight Rovorend Mesao.by Divine permission Bishop Gouiburo. . Bight Reverend Father in God,-We, the mini«ter, olmro nardana, and momhnra of tho Cbnroh of Estland, lu the dl-til ot Ghrislehuroh, Bungonia, moat respectfully and cordial weloorae yon into yonr dtocoso. Thia dtatriot hoing the northern boundary of, and thia hou1 , , of iirayor-'bumble though it bo-atandlag on tbs threshold yonrdloooso, it saems to na most fliting-, and wo rejoloe that lt * «ur privilege, hero lo sound the first nolo of thanksgiving, vvhic ?bau »oho presently throughout your diooeco, for your aa arrival. First:-"To tho eternal Lord God, who atone aproados'01 -the hoaTons and rn'est the taging of the Boa ; who bail ooo yisssnd the watara with boonds until dfly and night oomo to i «nd," we " do giro all praise and glory," for that it hath ploasi Lim to .. prejervc you from the dangarsoftae soi,"-and ha' niven you a prosperous voyage: to ooma unto ua ; through Josi Christ our Lord. And noxt": wo off« to yourself our warnie and moat heartfolt congratulations. Wo hold your snored ofll ia tho highest hoeour, aa of divine institution-coming down ns through the holy Apostles, from our blessed and mo . adorable 8avionr and Redacmer, the Chief Blshnp of our soot . We ostaom our Bishop tho ambassidor of God, our oontro i unity, onr ohlof ahopherd endor Christ, and we groot him wi! jnyand revaronoo. That it miyptonao tho.Groat Head of onr obnroh to blois bl . and allothor bishops, and to aond Ula grace upon them that th« may daly elf onto tho offloe ' nhoreanto the Boly Ghost hst " called thom," " to the glory of His name, and the edifying ac .well-governing of Hie oburob;'' and that lt may pleaae Him to gi' to-all His people increase of graoo to hoar meekly His word, an to reoelve it with para affection, and to bring forth tho fruits i tue-spirit," wo humbly pray. Wc crave oar Bishop's bleating, and salt his prayers. (Hore follow the aignaturea.) HIB Lordship of Gonlbnrn in reply, spoke earneBtl; feelingly, and most kiadly, to the laity for tho bindete«) . respeof, and regard, evidenced not only in their addreji but io their assembling from snob distancée to greet bin "Words of tho deepsBt kindness be Baid to tbo clergyma cf : the district for bis cordial rematka'previous t the. presenting ot the address; exprès ir himself aa gratified in tbo extreme et tt affecting so3ne, and tbe peculiarly pleasing oirenmstanoe . - cf it, before him, and in assuring them tbst in all p inl so far as be was concerned, the anticipations of M -Procter, would be most lally realised,-and it ttoi'd «vc \- -be his study.and bis happiness to be to bim and bis flic all that they had so affectionately expressed oonoernin " lim. Host earnrat should be bis prayers for them, an \- be begged thom as their boat gifts to continuo to give hie ?> tbeir prayerB. Then followed our former Bishop and present HBtrc jjoUtan with words of kindness, goodness, eneonrage . meat, and Buppnrt. All wero deeply iffeoted at every pu of the whola proceedings. All rejoioed that thoy wer privileged to take a part there, and many were the ex pressions of eertsinty that this dsy and its pleating evont would never bo effaced from tbeir minds or hearts. Th wbole was ooooluded by tbe Diocesan. giving hi blessing. Tbeir Lordships then spent a pleasant balf boor ii inspecting the alpaoss, whiob, by the kindness of Ed wari Payten, Esq, of Wingello Park, tad been brought toge ther in a paddock near the ohuroh for tba purpoae ' Another plestant tait hour or BO waa spent in Wingelli House tibing light refreshment, when tte whole part; who had met their Lordthlps, «nd joined in prayer witt ? them on the threshold of the diooese, aaoompaniod then: to- Marulan, and would have gone to Sbeiley's flat« ? where Ibeir Lordships were to stay tbe night, had not lui Bishop of Goulburn kindly and considerately ostt-c 'them to prcoeed no further, as they wera already ao fat from tbeir homes. Yds ter dsy morning waa very inauspicious so fir as the weather was eonosroed, a steady rain coming down, ant making tba streets and roads quito unlit lor trafilo or. foot. At eight o'clock morning prayer was read in St. Saviour's Cathedral, 'At ton o'olook a. great number ol pomona went aa fares the op ol the Big Hill and there met'his lordalip, who was accompanied by the Lord Sisbop Metropolitan. A procession was then formed consisting of numerous oerriages and horsemen, who, . «nlering tho towo, proceoded through Auburn.street «nd faence to Mandelson'e hotel, where bis lordship and Sirs, Thomas bad taken up tbeir temporary abode, lt ' bad-been intended that a prooeaelan should'ba formed ,ond Btart from tho meohanfoi' institute for the dihedral ; bat owing to the state of tho atreote, thia was aban- doned. Service ot tbs cathedral commenced it noon, the 'Xritany being road by the Bev. W. Sowerby, and tho " Metropolitan und the Bishop of Goulburn tibing part in tbe services. After thia tho Metropolitan .read (he ' notarial document sotting forth tbat he hid bean proceut and assisted at tbo consecration of Ihe Bev. Dr. rThomas to tbejee ofGnu burn by bis Graoo, the Archbishop of Cantefiury.f 'Thf .&aeen;'s letters patent' separating 'tho new B^ ftcra'that- bf Sydney, defining its boundaries, ' and oppoiíitiúg tbe"Rev. Dr. Thoma* to bo biahdp, vero then read by tho .'Obanoellor (Cbatles Oimpbell, . E«q., barrister.at.UH). Than folloaed the mandato from the Metropolitan addressed to tho incumbent, tba Bey, Vt. Sowerby, and commanding him to reoeive and instal the Bov. Dr. Tbcmos aa biskop. Tbe Incumbent then proceeded to ¡natal tho Bishop ot Goulburn, addressing him BB follows:-In the name ' of God, Amen. In vittue ol tho mandate from the Right . JSevorend Fredi ria, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Sydney nod Muirbpolilan, bearing dita tbe 'dth day of April, nod in conformity with the approved ueaga of tho T/nited Gburch of England and Ireland, I, William . Sowerby, oltrb, licensed minister of the oburcb of St. ' Saviour, in the dioceio of Goulburn, do, by the authority committed to me, Induct and instal tao Roverend Father Jn Cbriet, Dr. Mcsao Tbomaf, Lord Biobop of Goulburn ; and tbe Lo d keep bim in .his oomiog in and going cut . /rora this timo forth and for nvurmore. . Thtn M.uwed thc hymn, Vtn{C.cat>r, No. 147. After which tho Bishop of Goulburn preiahed an eloquent end impressive sermon from Philippine, 2 o,, C v.-" Let this mind bo in you which was also io Christ Jesus." His lordship improsscd - n tba minds of his boorers the . rioesti y ol regarJicg 0 jrist ss thoir Great Exemplar ; and recommended elcrgy and laity to wa'k ia his foot steps, mutually assisting to forward lbs good woik of tba Gospel. A oollojtion was then mado in aid of tbe . Ohuroh Sooloty. Prayer for tbo church militant and the lioly communion ioUotud, and concluded the oatbedrol services. On tba conclusion ot the services ot tbo oathedral, tbeir Lorlsbipa prnoeoded to tbs Moobauiut,' Institute, where they wore met by a deputation, and conducted to \- the platform. -r*Tbeinoumbjnt of St. Saviour's, the Bev. W. Sowerby, theo addressing bia Lordship the Biuhop of Goulburn, ?sid:-lu the tana of th J olergy, I reoogulee you as bishop of thia dicceve. Addressee {rom tbe clergy and lotty were Iben pt.- ' Bented to the motroj oliten end tho Bietop ot. Goulburn, oed were do); responded to. Tbe'meeting then reuarnted, ' After tho pres ntation ot the oldrfB os about six'y . geollira^n eat down to lunoheoa at Mandflsnn'tj bolel, tho bishops and clergy sod tha ehen-jsllor of ina diocese belog invited «ueste. Thc lunchacn wai tcrved in tl at styl« f r wtieh during bli former.reeidecpfjn thin city, Mr, Mandelson xias notei', onu oornprised everything tba', contd he desired. Tue ehnir wes ooouplnd by Mr. James Chiabolm, having on bia right tba Lord Bishop bl Goulburn: Mr. John Allman nos vioe.ohairmtn, having on hin right fie LT J B'shop tba Metropolitan. Messrs. Luke and Bail itti.-i.ilid as oroiipiers. . Grace was said by the Lard Bishop Metrcpoli'on. Jaitiae laving been done to the delioicies on tho table, Tbe CHAIRMAN roe?, and with one or two brief in. troduotory remarks, proposed,'.Tho. Q.ieen.'* The toast having been Holy respouoed to, Tho Cn AID MAN aBid that he could .soarcely exproea to them how anxiously be bad looked forwrrd to tbnt dey. Bis Lordship came among .thom almost a perfeot stranger, and it was their du'y, ns Barely it would be their plcasurp, to mike Lim comfortable, end lo aid him in every possible wey in oirrying out bis work. 1 hey mast be aware that ibero wero in ihe iu'erior many young, people growing up ia almost total ignorance, whisb, perhaps, was rot altrgitber the fault of ? their parents, < but from the want of all opportunities of inotroo iou.; and . it bthovdd tbem to do all tl a' waB pooiiblt» to essiat tlitir ; bishop in remedying tbU 6tato rf things. He felt t B uredj thut Ha Loidsbip would not bo wanting in.bis endeavours ; to »ff ¿ot this, end that in every olber way bo would provo j himself en ex irr pie and a p.iturn to tbem all. Ho pro. posed " Toe L rd Bishcp of Goulburn." j The toast hiting been drunk tmid cnthueicit'c obcere, . ¡ The Bisn p OF .Gotujtunzt in responding, greoefolly , ooknowleogod the obeers witb whioh the toatt hsd been received, and paid a high, tribute to. tho worth of their Metropolitan, to know whom.was. to love bim, end to wboHS kindness be professed himself nndor the (teepee* obligations. While . be. could scarcely hopo (bat his illjrts lo.tread in bij steps would be wholly.euocesBful, j it would ba h's highest aim .to. imitate, him ip bis mack» nea?, his wisdom, and bis .diligence. Believing tbat it j wis always more diúl:uit to follow another tran to start [ in tho first inBtaoop, yet relying on tbe oordia) oe-opera- j lion of tbe olergy ind laity, be should go on in tis j Bllotted course. The proceedings of that fay affjrded bim the greatest possible encouragement:; and j be was eure that feelings similar to tboso wbiah pronpted them in prep iring for him tbiB wondetfal reception prevailed elsewhere BB well es in Goulburn, On behalf of Mrs. Thomas and himself .be might be perm] ted to say that they brought effdotion with them, and they, hr ped to'meet with affection, and bo fe't soro that they roald. CmtraBting the vast extant of tbe newly formed sae with that of some otherp, ho showed that its proper episcopal oversight had neees tita'.ed ita ssveranoo from the diocosool Sydney, and pointed oct that not only woald they reqiiro good clergymen but good horses too to perform Ueir duties. He expressed n bepo soon to Bee ia bia own home the olergy and snob of the laity BS eoild make it oenvt aient. He begged to impress upon tbem that a bishop . working alone would bo powerless ; but with the oo. operolion of the olergy end laity great things might be accomplished. At tbe earliest, p-stible period he . proposed . to orgsniso. a churah tooioty, whioh might remain in óonneolion with the similar soolety wbiob existed in Sydney BO long OB was necessary -perhaps for Borne six mouthe-after which he trusted thut they should be ab'e to go on unaided. He Bbonld be glad to take counsel of bis friends, so that co time sbculd be lost ia this molter. He hoped that the Bpi i ual ways of the people of thia dioaeee might bo improved,, and be trusted that his reverend brethren would find in bim one willing tosjmpatbiao with them and to givo iffeot to their designs. Hid reception that day bad been most gratifying ; and on tbe previous day ba bsd boen equally pleated with e similar morii'eBtatibD. Oatside his dioooso hu had been mat by o number of friends, wbo had conduatcd bim over the first really bosh road he bad met with ; and his entry to his dioaese waB oelebiated with prayer in a small temporary ohurob > on itu bordéis. He was greatly pleased for the feeling Tihioh that .reoepion bad manifested, bod was much indebted to Mr, Proofer for bis kindness on the oooQBion. That day tbey had by. their wondeifnl reoeption of bim brought tbeir kindness to a olimax. Imploring the hlebsing of God upon thom, ha promised to do bia beat to work with them and oauBe them to work ? with bim in peecs and harmony. Tbe CnAinniK then proposai "Tbe Lord Bishop tbe ! Metropolitan," baaring testimony to tba interest ho had alwayn taken in the welfare of the southern dlatriotB, 1 The toast bating been most warmly r<oeired,' His r-0RDstm\ in replying, expressed the happiness he felt ia witnessing tbe final success of the work in which they had for years been engaged, while the promises if future cooperation increased his ea'i-Taotion, and made this the happiest day of bis life. Ho felt tbat permt. nant good bad now been bestowod on a very impor- tant pirt of the community. They bad received in their bishop an En^lLh gentleman and aa English olergyman-one who in ono of the most important offioea wbioh could be assigned to a clergyman in lb) mother oonniry, had won the highest opinions, and who was as. osmpanied by bis lody, of «bom he would say-and nothing that ho oonld say would be higher praise than that she was wortby of him. They had these - le.ving thiir friends end their work wbiob long continued habita had endeared to them most strongly, and throwing them-, eelves into a community; to not one single soul of which they were known, for the only purpose of advancing the work af Gad. They would And that whatever of Christian sympathy, kindness, and friendliness-what- ever the b'ghest t floris of Ergli-h clergymen could impart would be imparted by their bishop end bia olergy. To their bishop it would remain to solve tbe problem of \- bow to bring spiritual Instruction and spiritual good to the dlstrlats of the intetior. He would appeal to his friend the vloe-shalrman and ask whether tbe best efforts of a good magistrate and a vigilant police could deal with each a stale of things os existed in tbe Abercrombie district. To deal with tbiB wau a problem, tbe solution of wbiob must be attempted by their blthop. It might bc Eaid their own oommciàm did not supply all fie offenders and tbat tbe olergy of the Cauroa of Eoglond would not have the means of rtiaohing those who most needed tecohlng ; tor tbero waB no doubt-and they ougbt not. to shrink from saying it-that most of these people belonged to the Oliuroh of Borne. But tbey might nevertheless so sat OB to do much good. If, wben they had Mr. Kemmis stationed in the Abercrombie district, they had been able to retain him there, he bad no doubt that long ere this the fruits of hlB labour would hove been apparent ia the improved state of society, Bcfer. ring to tba impartant qoention of education, bis Lordship advooated the emp'oymeot of itinerant esbrol.' masters. He considered that the question of tbeir ability, io tho present condition of the oolooy, todo wi fl- out Sute.aid woald bo on its triol in tha dloofse of Goulburn. His own opinion was that iu a district wbero tba people we/e nit only unprepared to pay a olergyman but wero unwilling; to have him amongst thom, it would be impossible to maintain him wilhoat assistance frc ra some extraneous eouroe. Ho would hero toko tho oppirtunity of saying ssmotbiog on a eur j act on wbicb the Bishop of Goulturn must bo silent, and with lespeot to wbiob, therefore, it behoved I bo laity to bestir them- selves. T&o; endowment of tho see of Goulburn.wis far from sufficient. It oug.it at least to amount to £30,000; Ile should therefore feel very : glod ; if ; i eomo measures were at onoo token 4 to increase it ; so that the position of the oburob in Goulburn might be on example and not a warning to olher parts of the oolony. Hoshoald ba Tery sorry if tbat wero to be tU farewell spoeoh in Goulburn ; he boped be should often como ageio a-ncng tbem aa a welcome guest, and that solong os lifo might lest theie would be no ct'ier feelings between him end them than suoh aa would render tho people of Goulburn as glad to see bim as bo should bs to eeo them. His Lordship resumed fate seat amid maoh applause. Mr. Cn Allix} KEMP said, by way of carrying out the suggestions of his Lordship the Metropolitan, bo should ko happy to subsoribo again tbe omouot be had given already-£100. (Applause.) Tbo VICE-CHAIRMAN took ooossion to'eiy that while oil they bad beard ot their bishop proved that he would be faithful to his duties, those wbo had aiy exparienoe ir. this colony wooli know that the olergy would bo equally .aithfu'. He bore testimony lo (he manlfbenoo of the Campbell family, with whom the idea of founding the uMiaprio bad originated, and oonoluded by proposing " The Visitors." Tbe Br>nor OF GOULBURN bore similor testimony to the obligations under whioh Mr, Oimpboll and tho family of that Darno bad placed him and hts diocese. Mr. CiiAiir.ES KKSIP responded to Ibo 'oatt; He pointed oat tho anomalous position of a church without a ! bishop, referring to the time when tbiB oolony was under tba aborgo of Archdeacon Broughton, and subordinate tb ibo BOB of Galoutte, Nor, in ibis and the opining oolonies, there were from twenty to fivc-and- twenty bishops, Ho urged tho necessity of increased liberality in providing fnndp. Uo relieved there were many wealthy mon among tbem, and considered tbot tbe com. manioc-table of the cathedral was supplied eo badly as to bo a reproach to them. Mr. CnAnr.m CAurcrat,, tho oraocellor of the dlooeee, being oalled on, alie responded.- Ha regretted Hat on bia return ts thc colony »:t«r tu absente .;? -.«*tí'f> ri ."--'. . ot leo yeaiB, bo dil not think * its' moral tone' .qùil to that whioh prevailed TI hen .ha left,ir,-, -Tbita .ffmed to ba among tbe.'yoang men of ' Sydney on ibseneo of that vtncvf tion for- Knglmd ¿nd; tilinga ürglisu whioh formerly ohar'aoteriacd aociely them ; but be trnB'rd that In thin respect Sydnry was nut taken es. aa csemplo by the real of tho colony. To rh the the' eounjry what i> ought lo be they mutt 'euren it \ti.]x the 'leaven bf'tlie'OVurah of 'Ifingland.' Tba permauoroy of tbeir oonnection with Ibu mother country depended in a groot mensuró on the progress' nn'de by tbe Charon of England ; for no dissenter, whether of the- Ohuroh o' Homo cr other wier, could bare the ;. same f¿olingnof ttabbmcnt to ibeEnglisb oonslitntlon ni members of tho Chnrch cf England. He did not say this to o&uso; un- pleasant feelings. He oould mingle with those of atber creeds in IrienclinesB and good aili. Bat they cculd not have tbo sarao feelings with r--Bpait to Ibeir oonnection with tbo mother o-mctry, as those who belonged to the Church ..cf England. Probably he .differed from many " who were present ' in '.' regarding the aboliliun of State-aid as the [greatest biesBlng wbioh oonld have befi'len tho Church of England. People were growing up seeirg 11 oburches Bilks Buppcrisd, end thia led to a bFlief that it waa of lillis constquenoe to what oburcb they belonged. That their own ohurch should be really snoceiBlol, it was-n cesBsry that they eboald do aa their snceato s faed done. Tbe institutions tbey met with in Erglsnd wero not founded by the. eleemosynary aid of the State; bot by tbe voluntary I gilts of the ooantry gentleman and the merchants. It j had been shown thal the best and most .permanent en» ¡ dowmer.t was that cf land ; and those who now made | cilia of this t a nio had the satisfaction of knowing that j though in their oten time the value, might ba 'small it would hereafter be very great. 7 ba same with respect to I edncatioual establishments. He pointed oat . tl st bad educational cittbliabmehta'been endowed When Bishop j Broughton had pointed out their du'y to the colonists, , seels in tba Legislature ce id not non be left to mere ed. venturers, . . Mr, Faithfull, after saying that Mr. Cimpboll must not judge of the feeling of tho young men of the oolony generally, from those be had met io Sydney, proposed the health cf Mrs. Themis.. I The toast.,was drurk with cntbnsiatm and suitably roFpondcd to by the Bishop.' ' . . .. ,v ! Tho Bishop of Goulburn then propoBed- the clergy} I coupling the name of tbe Bev. W. Sowerby, of whom'be ' Bp eke io terms of high praise I The Ber. Mr. St WEHiiy, who appeared muoh affected, returned thanks on bebalf of the ólergy and himself. I Qr sec was then said by the Metropolitan, and the oampany separated. ..... I ' 