!?HE OFFICE OF THE GOOD SHE? HERD. A 1ECTURE BY THE VERY REV. D. W. CAUILL, D. B , DELIVERED IN THE ACADEMY OF MUSIC, WETV YORK, FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE HOUSE OF THE GOOD SHEPHERD, IN 90TH STREET. (Specially Reported forth* 'Mw Tor/c laoiez.) * J (Concluded.) Wben man, from irere observation, under stands who God wt as far as he be known by mor tal, it passes all credibility the whole woild does sot love Him with intense adoration. Nay more . ft is inconceivable how many intelligent human ' ».«;„„. ««.ii/i ha nrovpnted. even by force, from 'l£e spontaneous, unceasing homage of dod. Wbea we know and believe that He had do be ginning: that like two and two, being always four, His real essential, palpable existence had no ieginning, and can have no end, our whole na ture must be fixed prostrate in wonder at the stunning character of His being. Eternity is then his age, without a mark in the endless line -of imperishRble life. Oh! how great He is in ibis, His first eternal property, necessary self . existence! And yet it is only infinity (if I may so speak) in the midst of several omnipoten cies. Wisdom, sanctity, justice, power, mercy, are, like His age, beginingless, fndless : and each feinfinite. Who can conceive a Being made ud of infinities ? He thinks, and firmaments roll out like maps : He speaks and creations are found His ideas turn into solid bodies : His wishes be come sparkling suns: and tens of billions of anyriad spheres barn in the blue boundless vault at his imperial command. Ob, how great is creative thoughts! Golden arches span His ? skies when he places ; and he scatters creations and worlds like grains of sand all along His Godike domain. Oh, what can He not do? Now, when we remember who we are, namely, his principal work, in this universality, how great ought to be our pretensions! How prand to call him our Father ! What genealogy can equal the title of being the son of God ! And we feel within us the soul he gave us: it is His own breath within us, and His breath must be in - mortal. And when we behold the eastern and western gates ot o ir earthly kingdom here : when we see our own sun rise into our own territory in the East, and set, far away in the twilight, below the crimson seas of the WdSt— surely from our stand-point that open their dazzing passages to the future throne He has prepared for his own children in the happy world to come. We ere clearly the sons of a King, and the children or .an Omnipotent Father. Now, looking at God in ..his works, and gazing at ourselves, raised from nothing into life, immorality and eternal happiness with God, it is inconceiveable how any living hu man creature would be proud, even to ecstasy, to adore this great God; to give Him homage in cessently for His wonders, His wisdom. His power, His eternity, His astounding considera tion of man : His spontaneous gift to bim of im mortal life, and his eternal share with God in His perishable kingdom. One shou d rather think that, as a matter of necessity, man w;mld adore God day and night, and in all circum stance?, beyond all things, and above all other thoughts, desires, and passions; and that, like the thirsty stag flying to the sparkling fountain, ©r the wings of the lightning, flashing from tht skies to the earth, the soul of man would burn with a necessary, ceaseless, inex'inguishable de sire to love God and adore but Him alone One ?Viniilrl Hiinb- tnn tV-ot trioro is n 'thino' tn imnffjp this homage ; it is so easy, so natural, so agree able, so honorable, so exalting, and so consonant to the very pride we feel for ourselves. Wnen we add to these ideas of'Gnd the Father one glance at the Crucifix and God the Son, it is impossible to comprehend why the whole Cons tian w-'-rld do not burn with a necessary, irradic nble love more than we bear our own bear's. And the work of G°d 'he Father in creation is so small compared with the work of Christ on the cross, that the value and power of the one almost disarmears in th* me^urel'ss ness of the other. What signifies nothing be coming in one second suns anH fir 'tament* when compared with tbp son nt G 'd becoming man '. The very roof ot heaven, covered with golden I sphe es of the best product of the Father's omnio»tfnce,- is a mere nothiog when compirH with redeemed man, made by the cross the I other ol Christ ! All the work of the Father in the skies is still left matter, in its original nature, ths Si»me inert mass, but man, by the redeeming word of tbj Saviour, is ma -e into an everlasting relationship ol cnsinsunity ^n-- , grace with the etern-tl S n of God ! A.i the vw.ik ! of the F.tber in H.sown boundless domain, i no more than a. midge fhating in the sun^air. compared with the eternal Word made Fi -hv ?with the redemption of fallen man.. One word »? power built the skies, but one word of mercy satined God's anger — a work infinitely greater The crucifix presents the shorthand infinitudes of 'Cbr:sf, where heaven is unbolted, hell closed, the earth emancipated, and Almighty vengeance dis armed — that is, justice infinite overcome by mercy infinite; that is. Infinity beyond Infinity. G id beyond God ! Now, the character of the Saviour is so far above even Heaven's conception in greatnets, and man b-?ing raised beyond angelic fancy, would not one necessarily suDpos* tLis condition of things would torce all minkind y-Y an ir.fnllible feeling into an invincible neces sity and a most pleasing duty o( burning love to vnik m His footsteps, one after the other; t-- fi;'fil His injunctions to the letter; and never to leave Him fur one second of otir livps no more th»n nur s!:aiow can quit us in a sunlu passage ? This t!oma?e is *n h'TioraMp; ft is s'- wonderful to see clay made into living flesh, and into a relationship with the Son of God. the redeemed tr'ther of the Saviour of the world. Would not one think that these titles are so grind, so incom parable, so unexpected, that a human being would never forget for one moment of bis existence the glorious name of the Son of God, and the trans cendent title of the brother of Christ ? Wben, therefore, we see this created man, this redeemed creature, blaspheme God the Father and deny God the Son ; when we find him sinking into a depth of infidelity, as far below bell as heaven is above it : when we gaze at him in the sight of the skies and the crucifix walking in scarlet crimes and scandals : and when be pub lishes in open day, libeh and lies against the very Trinity and the Christian law, surely we must call on St. Peter to explain, this senseless iniquity this same infidelity, that corrupts society, damns themselves, and deluges mankind with undeniable perdition. St. Peter is clear on this point, who assures us on the authority of the Holy Ghost, that this is the ' work of the devil, who goes about like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.' No doubt God is infinitely powerful ; but Satan, we .see is powerful, too ; knowledge gives strength ; but ignorance giyes strength, too. Christianity, under God, is followed by tens of millions of faithful adherents; but Infidelity, through the admitted - agency of the devil, is creeping trough the world, too assuming the name of Christianity, while concealing the name of Christianity, concealing the character of the Pagan. The devil is thus daily and hourly unchristianizing a large dividend of the human race. By what name are we to call the Polytheism of a class who adores every passion but God : professes to follow Christ, but never goes an inch of the road : declares their readiness to belong to some church, but never did or never will belong any religious society? This is not an uncommon faith or practice in this country ! This is clearly the logic and the temptation of tbe devil. It is the Dnnothinsjism of Religion, and might be st- led the joke of the G spel, the mockery of prayer, tbe farce of faith, the juggle of the new law. One must live for some time in different couutries be ore one can believe that such a system is in existence or can be possible. But observation amongst mankind will soon demonstrate that the power of Sstan is, on this point, ereat and widely spread. In fact, the modern advance of a gos pel without a faith, a profession of a Christ with out a religion, renders the new law a mere sound without a meaning ; the same as if Christ never cime, the gospel never preached, or the anger of God the Father for sin, never understood or believed. How, truly, therefore, .did the apostle Peter describe ' S-tin going about like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.' A person without fault is like a man incased in a rock ; he is shut out from all the surrounding objects and tacts of religion : tne litghtnings may flash and tbe thunder may roar, be sees nothing, he beais nothing, all Nature is a blank to bim : and it is only in the hour of death, when that rock is rent and the poor captive is released from bis dark prison of Infidelity, that he casts one parting glance at the gorgeous creations of grace and faith, which now he gazes on for the first time, tu bid farewell forever to God and eternal bliss. But while the temptations of Satan are admit tedly disastrouss, and while our own nature breathes destruction to tbe soul, not protected against its influence, there is a third source ot assault, perhaps more fatal than the other two And this is, our mutual dangers from eacn other : an endemic mortal disease, by which we infect each other with a sort of moral leprosy, which is caught in tne glance and kil.s in tbe touch. Tbe p:tiable class for whom I make a fervent appeal en this evening, present a practical instance of this melancholy sin and shame, which one portion of tbe society iFflct on tbe otter. Man, sometimes, pitiless or cruel to degraded man, is always so to fallen woman ; and worn m, so kind, never con ceals tbe faults, and seldom forgives an erring sister. These forlorn creatures, once so pure, so innocent, or happy, speak to your hearts on tbis evening through me, to give them a morsel of food in these pressing tiuicS, a rag to ccver them : and tb;y b-g your generous protection from the cruel world, while with a breaking heart, and with tears in tiinir eyes, they return to God their F .ther. And they are not wholly in fault : man is principally to blame in these cases of mutual crime ; tbe treacherous promises ef perfidious man oave, in the comparison of sinfulness, by far a 1 iger share of tbis guilt than tbe foolish, pro verbial reliance of confiding woman. Examine -ny one of the unhappy class under consideration an-: compare her early character with her present cuniitio*., and who could fancy tne innumerable ?i^ut^s of inlaaiy into .which she has fallen. ti (M-tuher her youth, her innocence, how cheer 1 il. Low light- hearted. Perhaps well brought up, e )!?:»'- ', ol respectaole parents, and an Honorable tioin- tier poor fatoer and fond mother hud \ hi it eruined cherished boDes of their adored Ciilii. u-m tb~ hour she played at their knees till she ijrew into womanhood. Who is there before me who has not witnessed, at some time, similar -harming ?c n-s of domestic pe^c? Who has * -t beard m family circles some past tales of t i»se dreams ol otiss ? who could ever foresee, hat these brigut atiucipations w.»uld be ever dis appointed in this ^ . v 1 of promis-, this child of 'id? Religi n g,v- her prudence: and her f.uruy neither km-w u--t saw evil in tbe world: triii innocence and m-id-«.ty .are, in tbe opinion of '.lie wisest, tbe umu e»i ;-n-noeii mural authority, the bebt idieguard for uv itaiaiuj and delence of e «i ale vittue. In tLis ims*, uin- nsc'musness of k-iep is a stronger protection' th n premonitory w jning. .? ? ?» « ? ? Even the daughter of the poor man seems educated and refined attractive simplicity; so much artless charm comes from tbe grace of God and practical piety. Who can teach like God ? what can exalt the feelings of the heart like the grace of tbe Saviour ? What can enlighten the rouI like the inspiring gifts of the Holy Ghost ? the pious poor girl, under the tuition of tbe Trinity, is really educated, looks the lady, and has the unbroken light step of the woman of breeding. Such a person cannot have, of course, the costly finery of silk, and gold, and jewelry, but God, her Father, paints with His own pencil, in His choicest coloring, on her virgin cheek the winning features of modesty, woman's true orna ment. The child of grace and of God, she would have carried her artless, light, guileless heart to tbe grave, her bosom, the seat of truth and virtue, till the accomplished seducer, tbe murderer of the soul, who is to be found in all the ranks of society, breathes in her unsuspecting ear his words of poison and his tainted breath ; and, like the temptation of the serpent, innocence instantly disappears and perdition begins. The love of God soon tastes bitter, innocence is changed into guilt, and Paradise becomes a place of banish ment. All the world knows the rest ; the child of God falls into unhappiness, into crime, into shame ; descends into deeper and deeper iniquity, and it is astonishing how rapidly the corrupted woman drops into utter, and sometimes irrecover able debasement, under the threefold assault mentioned by St. Peter, namely, the devil, the flesh, and the world. And in tbis case there is a precipice below a precipice a hell below a hell. After personal degradation has once begun, there is a city infamy that sinks lower and lower into fouler and blacker crime : a crime that blasphemes God in fun, sells mortal sin in tbe market-place, hawks moral turpitude through the lanes, earns the wages ot perdition in midday opprobriousness, so that the woman is snon forgotten in the fierceness of the demon — like glaring and showy spots on tbe serpent's skin, attracting in order to sting and kill; her looks and appearance warn the traveller that poison and death are in his path. And tbe creature that, in isnocence like Lucifer, could be an angel and make home a Heaven, is in guilt and fallen, a monster of terror, hateful to God, and formidable to man. One step further and she *-nds her terrible life in one of the ' slaughter houses' of tbe city, where unhapy souls a e, like herself, bought and killed, to feed the appetite of perdition. It is in these putrid dens of moral corruption where the devil riots in diabolical guilt, and where tbe lowest stages of woman's shame and crime become developed and revealed. Within three years, in the average, she sinks through the various stages of the outcast, the drunkard, toe perjurer, the robber, the beast, the murderer. Her career is here ended. She must perish : terrible crime is like a mortal disease : toere are cases beyond recovery: beyond hope. How can sunshine restore vigor to the withered bough ? who can heal the wounds of the bleeding soul ? what can bind the broken heart ! She can scarcely be made to believe that God will or could forgive her. Her wretched existence leans more to death than to life. Suicide appears her only rvlief from the agonies and terrors of thought Prussic acid or morphine finish often this terrible tragedy of the once innocent, artless girl. On the day following her death, her cruel first seducer puts his red hands in his pockets, strolls through the town in search of another victim, pursuing his murderous calling, w'aile his late accomplice, the child of early virtue, lies cold in her crimson grave in the bloody fields. Even the dead are not permitted to touch the ashes of the suicide. The Christian corpses are not allowed to mingle their rotting bones with the degraded flesh of tue suicida1, abandoned woman : so terrible is the thrilling fate that waits a. pro fession of public, shuddering shame — the suicidal death of impenitence and despair. Of all the forms and crying distress in which deDlorabl humanity can clothe itself- the oust pitiable claim represented in our hearts, in tbe petition and reclamation of the penitent, unfortunate girl — crushed with poverty, without a friend, begging to return to G-d from loathsome vice, on her knees, she knocks at the door of our asylum. In this one cr_, is contained her own appeal fur body and soul : and the earnest solicitation of Cbri t to save tbe souls of her accomplices from ruin, and religion from burning scmdals. Oh, ladies of Now York, open your hands, as wide as day, for protection oi these children of misfortune. The value of your name, tbe attrac tions ot your character, and the put. lie admiration felt towards you, will be increased one hundred fold when you are known to carry in your very bosom, one of these wounded lambs tu toe fold ot the good Shepherd. Heal their Wuunds, restore these children to themselves and to God ; pour your lips of sunshine into the dark heart— and bring the pardon of God and tbe grace of the Holy Ghost within the prison ot their despair. It is not precisely your supcription we want. We want your patronage, your protection. Tie most unhappy beings in the world are the melancholy wretches who believe that there is not one on earth woo cares for them ; not one on earth to remember them : not one on earth to si end one tuougut on them: they -are like the desert stream, tht-y rise and flow on to the end unseen and uncarm by a human being. Their Hearts are like a dungeon, wo ere not one ray can reach or pearce tbe darkness of the sad existence. Ladies, give us your protection— come to ore these children— make them nappy by one visit. The sound of your voice*, your light step, your wkJs of friendliness will be like sunlight to the dr )Dping plant. They will see that some one cares for them ; and they will pray that youc spotless innocence maybe, through life, like* cloudless sunny sky, and that you may never Irnow the scalding agony of one tear of silent grief. Gentlemen, we thank you for the kindness bi your presence here on this evening. You have given us what we value exceedingly, namely, the great weight and influence of your moral charac ter. Your ' numbers, your zeal, your position, make the Gospel alive in your persons : it speaks through you, here in tbis vast assembly. Practice is the eloquence of the Gospel. The tongue is the mere alphabet and words, and may vanish in a breath : but practice is the deep chiselled pyramid that defies time and the tempest, and perpetuates the history and the work of Religion. Gentlemen, we all thank you: you make6' the' precepts of eur faith look brighter : you convince the world that what we preach can be practised: and that in the most fashionable ranks of society charity can be seen, like the woodbine around the oak, adding the attractions of name to the solidity of wealth and station to encourage the support of our public religious institutions. Gentlemen, Religion owes you a great deal. You encourage virtue in an eminent degree, and you strike vice a deadly blow. Tbis example will spread : the acorn, when planted, is a small seed, but, when grown, the hurricane cannot bend its branches. Scandal will diminish and virtue and public decorum will prosper under the fostering care and protection of the friends of the Good Shepherd. Ladies of the Convent of the Good Shepherd in your holy office of saving the lost sheep, you are walking in the very footsteps of Our Lord. Wherever He heard the cry of distress, He was there ; His looks fell like sunshine on the path of the unfortunate ; and He left the ninety-nine in the fold, and He searched the mountains till He found and carried home on His shoulders the poor strayed one lamb till He restored it to the flock. No one ever asked a favor which He did not grant. He heard the poor widow cry going to the grave with her child : tbe widow's tears moved His godlike heart, and, without being asked, He stopped the funeral, touched the bier, and gave the dead boy to his mother. When He commanded the tomb, the grave knew bis voice, and the dead arose. When He checked the winds, the tempest ceased and breathed like an infant on its mother's bosom. When he looked on the swollen sea, it grew calm, and the billows hid in the deep recesses of the deep. And yet, while all Nature obeyed His words of love, the mountains could tremble and smoke in the terrors of His angry glance. Yet all: his actions of love and sympathy dwindle into nothing when com pared with His Omnipotent mercy to the woman caught in sin. Ladies, this is an apt illustration. A woman being caught in sin, the Jews came to ; Him, stated the fact ,and, according to the Jewish '?? law, they called on Him for His reply, to have her stoned to death. He bent Himself down on the ground, and began to write in the dust, clearing showing He did not wish to hear the complaint. Then raising Himself up. He said : ' Let the man without sin cast the first stone at her.' And again stooping down, He continued to write in the dust, Then the Jews went away, one by one, and left the woman alone with Christ. Again raising Himself, he asked her ?4 Where are those who accused you ?— is .there no one to condemn you?' 'No, Lord/' she replied. He answered : ' Neither will 1' Tbis is the finest passage of His mercy in Hia whole life. I think I hear the bland tone of His voice in these great words : 'Neither will 1 ' These words of mercy go right through the intellect, and make the very heart weep with gratitude. Laiies, these words are to be your motto in your heavenly office of divine charity. Ladies, the world expect prodigies of charity from you. You must be great in your feelings of kindness. You must surpass others, as you more intimately resemble Him. You must be like a tropical sun ; you must be brilliant, and you must melt, too. And when the cold, treacherous world condemn these children of misfortune; and when the for lorn outcasts, surrounded by their enemies, look t9 you, for pitiable protection, oh, ladies, will you not thus reply to their trembling hearts, like the Savijur : 'Tbe world may accuse, may condemns you, but our doors and our hearts are open to you here : here you can be happy : repent of your transgressions, and Our dear Lord will forgive you : here you shall have friends to the last, and (if we can) a permanent borne. We have fol lowed you into the mountains searching for you till we bund you : and we have carried you home on our shoulders to tbe fold, and our friends and neighbors have come here, rejoicing that we have found tbe sheep that was lost.' CAROOAK.— Thia has been tho severest winter in this district, over remembered by the oldest inhabi tant. Early in May we had sharp and severe frosts which continued for three or four weeks, when it changed to heavy cold rains, accompanied with wind and saow, with very little intermission up tc the present time. The creeks, risers, and flat lands have been flooded to a greater extent than they have been for many yeara, through whioh, our far mers have sustained considerable Iosb, in having their fences washed away after they have, in many cases, sown. The season has also occasioned great loss to the stockholders of the district, in killing a large number of sheep and oattle. The young wheat does not look so well as »t generally does about (his time of the year j it sppe rs to want dry ?v ather. and warm sun, to help it to get properly out of the ground. The young gra-a also requires t he same assistance, and if we are to judge by the t\ppeaiance of the bush horses and oattle, a start in the growth ot feed would I o of service. — Cor. Bath urst Free Press. 