BISHOP COLENSO'S DEPOSITION AT ,, , MARITZBURG. (From the Maritzburg correspondent of the Natal Mercury ) At the Cathedral, on Sunday morning last, the Very Rev. the Dean read out, after the Nicene Creed the sentence of deposition pronounced against Bishop Colenso by the Bishop of Cape Town, in accordance with the judgment of his court. No persons left the church, nor was there the slightest disturbance of any kind, although some distressed faces spoke volumes. in the form before the sermon the words made use of were " More especially, I bid you pray for John William, Into Lord Bishop of this diocese." The Dean selected for his text Psalm waves, Prayer Book version. Towards the close of his discourse the preacher spoke as follows: .' There are two points on which I wish most particularly to dwell on this most painful day. " 1, That many say that round a bishop of the Church accrues earthly dignity and temporal rank and possessions, and that the civil power may see fit to preserve all these to him, when sentence of deposition by the Church has been to day read. " My brethren, I would most earnestly pray every member of the Church not to be troubled in this respect. Whatever earthly rights and possessions any man may have in any country, even if they arise originally from the gift of the Church, the judges of that land are the sole judges of the Christian is bound to obedience. The Bible instructs us in distinctions. . . . So we may be forbidden, for the salvation of our souls, to hold communion in religious worship with one to whom the courts of the realm may require us to render earthly possessions. " Whilst we look to the Gross, with that before our eyes, we must ever be prepared to find the judgment of the world at variance with that of the Church ; thankful when they are one we must be, but not dismayed when they differ we may need correction is written, "Put not your trust in Princes," and yet it cannot be denied but that the English Church line accustomed herself to trust much to support of the State of England. It may be that Almighty God, by allowing the frequent differences which now occur between the decisions of Church and the Courts of the Realm, would lead us back to look to that authority which Christ Iiub implanted in His Church, and which is sustained by the Holy Ghost, but which our weak spirits are so apt to overlook, and to desire rather to walk by Bight to be supported by the era of the flesh. " To the world our Lord declared He spoke in parables, but to the Church revealed the truth. Upon her He bestowed the Holy Ghost to bring to her remembrance all things that He had said unto her. As Moses said, 'Your murmurings are not against us, but against the Lord ;' so must we remember that St. Peter said to Ananias, ' Thou hast not lied unto men, but unto God,' for that he was God's minister; and Christ had Said, He that heareth you heareth Me ; he that despises you despise Me;' therefore we must listen to the Church in all that concerns the will of God, in all that relates to the Holy Sacraments, to the duty and manner of praying, to the study of and belief in the Holy Bible, The Judges of the land reserve theiruntlioritv from the Crown they administer Justice in the name of the Queen, not of Gilliat ; but our Lord has bound us to obey them, and to obey cheerfully, even if it give pain, or impose difficulties. " The Church is concerned with man's eternal interests, when any question touching them is at issue. We ought never to withdraw our thoughts from them to think of perishing temporal interests ; if we do, such is our weakness that they will come like a film before our eyes we shall magnify that which is but for an hour against the things of eternity. " Remember that the Church has regard to things 24. The truth as it is in Jesus. 2. The correction of souls. The courts of the realm do not undertake these holy tusks, but to protect every subject of the Crown in the possession of his temporal rights. Pursuing different and in the same case, the two Courts will not only often seem to overlap, but may jar; but if the Church is really in earnest in the discharge of that which is her assigned task she can learn to bear with meekness temporal inconvenience and temporal loss. " This have I said a warning because the world around us magnifies earthly things, for getting spiritual things; to the latter we must take heed and not regard the 1 or not Very briefly I will refer to the second point. Men are apt to speak of the abilities and talents of those who engage in religious controversy, yet Christians should shrink with fear from so doing; the knowledge of the truth, the spreading of the truth, the uphold- ing of it, is the work of the Holy Ghost, St. Paul distinctly says. 1 Cor., 1, 27, 28, 29. Learned beyond all other bodies will the Church ever be, for knowledge, wisdom, counsel, and understanding, are gifts of the Holy Ghost; but they must be received as graces, and being gifts we cannot glory in them. Moses was learned in all the learning of the Egyptians; but he vested not on that he appeared not to his talents as a statesman, to the angel of God's presence with him. St. Paul was brought up at the feet of Gamaliel, but he was content to say, ' By the grace of God I am what I am.' Doubts and divisions will ever abound for some are ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth, often are led away by every wind of doctrine, but if he would walk steadfastly, boast not. glory not, but remember how it is said Them that are meek shall he guide in judgment, and such as are gentle, them shall he learn his way.' " 