THE BALANCE OF TRADE. TO TJIE EDITOn OF TIIE AOE. Sin, — Thero is a whimsical air of self-satisfaction in one of the leading articles of tho Argus, to-day, touching tho ' balanco of trade.' Nobody, per haps, is likely to be misled by its logic, but I tho unconscious absurdity of it is so amusing that it is worth noticing, and tho exposure of it also leadB to conclusions that may bo of some practical ubo. The theory of tho Argus (founded on some statistics of tho Economist, but given by the latter paper with a caution of which the Argus does not perceive tho importance) is that, inasmuch as tho exports from England havo fallen short of lior imports during the last ten years by some 400 millions, and, nevertheless, sho has steadily progressed in wealth and prosperity, whilo the balanco of trado iiaa been so largely ana steadily against her, it is a fallacy to assumo that such balance is a fair criterion of tho commercial position of any country. It needs no ghost to tell ns that if £00 of our manufactures aro worth £100 of French wines, we can import tho wines and ex port tho manufactures in full satisfaction of the dobt, and find ourselves very prosperous. Sub stitute bullion, however, for the article imported, nnd subject to tho state of the exchanges from timo to timo, even tho Argus may possibly perceive that lor overy £100 imported, we must export £100 or run awfully into debt 1 To tako tho declared valuo at tho port of lading, as oven remotely approximating tho valuo at tho port of discharge, is a simplicity of commercial innocenco almost incredible, and to argno from such premises that cither man or nation can safely incur debt to double tho amount of hiB means of payment, is, I think, sufficient evidonco of idiotcy to dispense with a medical certificate, es pecially whon attendod by n self-satisfied giggling eureka. But, alas, thero is a serious aspect of tho matter : do not our annual imports exceed our ex ports by some two or threo millions ? and may not that too bo explained by the difference of value at theport of lading and the port of discharge ? If so, wo need no longer wonder that overy article of con sumption, almost, that wo buy in Melbourne, is at once bad and costly. SALTED INVOICE. 12th September. 