SUMMARY. We begin now to form a more just estimate of the state of partiea that the new house will bring together and of the character of the mem bers. That the oppositionists or as they may be more correctly called, the Oowperites will have a large majority is certain. The example set by East and West Sydney has been followed throughout the country, and wherever the Min. istry or their supporters appear they are ? knocked down like nine pins. Mr. Eagar, at the invitation of two or three persons, thought he was adopting a grand stroke of policy when he went to take possession of that nice little borough the Patterson. The battle has however come off leaving Betsy to take refuge in the arms of some other electorate. It is rumou red that Newcastle is next to be favoured with the Treasurer's sweet voice, but as against the giant who lately represented that little city he has no more chance than he had elsewhere, and we fear that the collective wisdom of the coun try will not find him amongst its cumbers. The Lachlan, which although it can boast of a few of the upper ten thousand amongst its inhabitants, usually goes begging for a member, will proba bly find Mr. Martin a seat and thus enable him, through the legitimate channel, to give an ac oount of hi3 sad experience since the day when in the plenitude of power he resolved to make ' an appeal to the country.' The crop of new members since oar last publication has been cousiderable Mr, Josephson had a narrow squeak fur it at Braidwood. Although upwards of 1,200 yote3 were polled he only succeeded in obtaining a ma jority of 30. The numbers being Josephson 623, O'Haire 593. The Braidwood News speaks of the successful candidate as ' a conservative of unbounded wealth and a delegate from an association of squatters in Sydney desirous of handing over the lands of the colony to be leased for 1)9 years.' A pretty prospect indeed. Whilst the Braidwood Dispath on the other hand describes Mr. Josephson as .an independent liberal who will redeem the electorate from the charge of being always represented by political non-entities. The liberal cause has sustained a defeat in the return of Mr. B. Lee for West Maitland. Per sonal feeling, as it always does, ran very high there. Mr. Lee polled 44i votes, and his op ponent Mr. Green 328. Dr. Liddell who made more noise than either of the other candidates was nowhere. East Maitland is famous for its party struggles, evidenced more particularly in the struggle between Mr. Darvall and Mr. Parkes, has for once been unanimous, and has returned Mr. Alexander Dddds, as its member without opposition. Sof ala has followed suit and has returned Mr. Stephen Donnelly, who we believe will prove an excellent member as he has the advantage of thoroughly knowing the wants of his constituents. Orange— that hot bed of politics — was unable to get up a contest, and has swallowed, not literally but metaphysi cally, Mr. Foilonge one of the largest and most canny squatters in the colony. His motto is number one. Cain (3 en has eleeted its old mem ber John Morrice, with Mr. Roberts as a col* league. Mr. Badgery merely cantested the election to resent the insult of his being omitted from the late commission of tha peace, and the number of votes he polled shows the high estimation in which he is held. The numbers were Morrice 864; Roberts 743 ; Badgery 652; Morris 631. We are sorry that Mr. Morris, who formerly sat for Balranald, was not elected, as he is a gentleman not only of high honor and . intelligence, but has considerable experience in the business of legislation. The nomination for Xarrellan has taken place, the show of hands being in favour of Mr, Hurley, Mr. Leary appears to have got into hot water with the electors, but notwithstandiaj we think that he will be successful. The polling takes plaoe to day. Mr. Digoam has been more for tunate at Argyle than he was at Goulburn* Bui opponent Mr. Emanuel has bsea defeated by a small majority. We hope that the de feated candidate will have better luck next time. Wo shall not know the result of the Queanbeyan election until this evening, nor does it much matter as the candidates except in their immediate circles, are wholly unknown. This being the nomination day for Eden we suppose we may congratulate its old member upon being returned for tbe little garden as no one else would have the ghost of a chance against him. Out of the 45 members now re turned the opposition numbers 33. The older the colony becomes, the more varied is the temperature. The experience of old colonists state that this season is unrivalled by its sudden changes of climate. Boisterous wea ther with very few exceptions has been the rule. On Sunday last, after a very hot day, we had a strong cold southerly wind, since which time the weather has been anything but what might be expected at this time of the year. , The election of two city auditors took place on Thursday when there were five candidates, Messrs. Calder, Goddard, Oreagh, Langford and Watkms. Yesterday morning the ballot-boxes were opened and a scrutiny took place, when it was found that Messrs. Watkins and Goddard were elected. The following were the cumbers polled :— Watkins 519, Goddard 442, Langford 432, Creagh 397, and Oalder 144. A case was tried on Wednesday at the Central Police Office, which created great excitement in the sporting circle. The facts of the case are briefly these : — MissM. W. Dickson, well-known as the owner of certain race horses, left with Burt and Co., a valuable mare and got an advance of £10 from them. In a short time the horse was sold to Mr. Regan, wine and spirit merchant, for £21 10s. Miss Dickson hearing of this went to Mr. Regan's stable and took the horse away. For this she was charged with horse stealing. In de fence Miss Dickson swore that she never autho rised Messrs. Burt and Co. to sell, while they stated that they never made an advance on horse stock unless for absolute sale. The police Magistrate and Mr. Pinhey did not think there was any felonious intention and discharged the defendant without making any order as to the disposal of the annimal. On Thursday morning on the opening of the court Miss Dickson ap. plied to Mr. Caldwel) for an order enjoining de tective Elliott to give her up the annimal. His worship stated that it was Elliott's duty at once to surrender the property, but this officer replied that he was acting under instructions from his superior officer and that unless he received a written document authorising him to give up the horse he must decline doing so. Thus the matter stands, Mr. Regan bought in a fair and open way a horse for which he gave £21 10s, Miss Dickson goes to his stablea and takes it away, and is then prosecuted for horse stealing and is acquitted. The official assignee of Miss Dickson's estate also puts in a claim for the annimal. Amidst such conflicts of owner ship the police are retaining possession of the horse, and no doubt a higher court will have to decide to whom the' animal belongs. This journal has often called attention to the gre&t; want at present existing of some reforma- ' tory where juvenile delinquents could be placed with a view of reforming them. At the present the only alteranative is to send them to Da; ling hurst where they usually have to mix with the most hardened villains possible, and from which they come out greater adepts than ever in crime. Into such an establishment as a reformatory the youths of both sexes having no parents to oare for them, or home to retire to, should be placed. It could scarcely be credited the large number of these unfortunate youths who night after night sleep under the rocks in the domain or in some of those old build ings about the. wharves and lanes of 3ydney, and during the day prowl about the streets pil« firing fruit and other eatables to sustain life. A case ocourred on Wednesday night whioh may so shock the nerves of the community and of our rulers that steps will be taken to pat a stop to tbe greateat plague now existing among us. It ?ppvari that early on Thursday noraing ? milk* 1 man was looking for his cows on the sand hills in Elizabeth-street South, and overlooking the new ground of the Albert Cricket Club, when he noticed two persons lying next to each other partly covered over with sand. He tried to rouse them but he found them quite dead. The boy could not have been more than eighteen and the girl was not so much. Information was at once conveyed to the police, and a dray was got upon which they were placed and taken to the dead- house attached to the Benevolent Assylum. They were both ly« ing on their backs exposed to the gaze of the passers-by, and as the dray pas3ed along the the street?,, the crowd kept increasing each one anxious tq have a look at the corpses. Might we not well ask why did the police not cover their bodies with a sheet or other covering and thus prevent the public from being shocked with such an awful sight. An inquest was began yesterday when in evidence it appeared that the young man's name was Hugh Green and a barber by trade ; he had worked a few days in Market-street, and left the shop on Wednesday evening at nine o'clock. The girls' name wa3 Jane Pennington, and belonged to that unfor tunate class who walk the streets at night. Her mother died a fortnight since of disease brought on by intemperance. Her step-father, a coloured man, could never induce her to re main at home at night. Several attempts were made to put her into the Refuge, but she always refused. She had often been seen with Green, and was once heard to say that sho would poison herself because she saw Green speak to another girl. . .They were first discovered by John M'Neil who deposed that there was only a little sand over ttveoo, not sufficient to smother them, '.there is an old chimney near the Bpot into which oftentimes vagrants go to spend the nights. Many of them also sleep under sand embankments in the same neighbourhood, The night was very cold and wet and the rain must have caused some of tbe sand to fall upon them. When discovered the girls' body was still warm. The inquest was adjourned till Monday to en able Dr. Renwiok to make a post-mortem ex amination. Mr. Jaques, the registrar- generalhas published a table showing the health of Sydney during the month of November. From this it appears that there were 215 births, 102 males and 1 13 females being 42 above the average and 63 in ex cess of the deaths of the month. The deaths numbered 152, viz., 75 males and 77 females, being 31 above the average, With the excep tion of the month of January the infantile mor tality was heavier than for any month during the year, and included 22 from scarlatina. For a length of time a family of the name of Therry, settled in Pitt Water, have sustained heavy loss and annoyance by their cattle being shot and otherwise mutilated. Erery attempt was made to discover the perpetrators in vain, till at last the matter was placed in tbe hands of detec tive M'Glone who proceeded to the locality and there took up his abode. This skilful officer hav ing obtained one link in the chain of evidenoe followed it up until he discovered the guilty par ties and the mode in whioh the cattle were made away with. Several have already been coin-, mitted for trial on the charge, and on Tuesday last John Farrell and Mary his wife were im plicated in the gailt and after a long invests gation at the Water Polioe Office, they also were committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court. : On Wednesday afternoon, an important meet ing was held in the Exohange, of persons inter ested in the pilotage service, with Mr. Willis as the chairman. The subject, being one of the greatest importance to the interests of Sydney, the attendance was numerous. The Hen. J. Robertson sent a letter, which was read by the chairman, giving his opinion on the matter from the experience obtained from residing at Wat son's Bay* Captain Towns, at whose instance the first meeting was called, entered largely into the present management of the pilot service, giving instances, of late oeeurrenos, when great I danger to Sif« aad properly had boon tzporioneed by commanders of vessels. Mr. Eagar was the cause of the alteration, and when he asserted that be did so, having pledged the Assembly to make the change, he committed a great error. Captain Towns concluded by moving the follow ing resolution, ' that this meeting is of opinion that the present deficient state of the pilot ser vice is dangerous t© the shipping entering Port Jackson and detrimental to the best interests of the port.' This resolution was carried. ..A letter was also read from Captain Gillan, of the ship Westburn, stating that he came in sight of the light-house on the 26th October, and expect ing to see the pilot schooners, he came within ten miles of the heads, and seeing no appear* ance of a pilot coding off, wore his ship and had to go to sea, For four days he was unable, to make the port again, and in fact the Westbura was reported as arrived in tbe daily papers four days before she was actually in the harbour. There were various suggestions made by the speakers, but they were all unanimous in con demning the present system. Many of the gentlemen thought a steamer in Watson's Bay would be the best plan adopted. Ssveral other resolutions were passed, haying for their object the improvement of the pilot service. Ben Hall, Gilbert, and Dunn Again av Wobk. — News reached Toung on last Saturday evening, that Hall, Gilbert, and Dunn had stuck up abeufc thirty men that morning, between the Fourteen and Sixteen Mile Rushes, Burrangong. They detained those taken prisoners from day- . light until three p.m. The bushrangers took no money from any of those stopped, stating that they were waiting to waylay the bank agents, who might be going to Seventeen Mile Rush to purchase gold. The whole affair is described as looking more like a picnic than anything else. Tbe bushrangers took matters very easily, and laughed and chatted with their prisoners as if bent on making the time pass a3 joyously as possible. One of those detained had . a supply of bread in his charge, and another a quantity of butter, both of which were appropri ated to appease the appetites of thoie present; A third capture was that of a news vendor, and tbe three highwaymen availed themselves of the chance to obtain the most recent intelligence, and they all three laid down on the grass and read over the papers. About three p.m., one of those kept prisoner, a boy, succeeded in making his escape ; and aa soon as it was discovered that he had absconded, the bushrangers permit ted their other captives to depart. One of them (supposed to be Dunn) exchanged bridles with one of the prisoners, and this and tbe appropri» ation of the bread and butter, was the only thing done in the way of robbery or barter. — Yass Courier. Robbery of the Mails fisom and to Alruby by Morgan. — The mail which left Albury on, Sunday last, and that whioh left Yass on Satur day night, were stopped and robbed by the miscreant Morgan, near Tarcutta. The letters contained in the down mail were opened, and so enraged was he with the trifling amount of booty secured, that he destroyed the letters. Wo suppose the letters in the bags for Albury shared a similar fate. The passengers were plundered, and one Chinaman, who resisted, reoeived a bullet throHgh his arm. The mail which reached Yaas last night from Gundagai, was only short of the bag from Albury, so it is sup posed that was the only one that fell into the hands of Morgan when be robbed the down mail. Fuller particulars of the affair have not yet reached us. — Yass Courier. Foub, Sisters Drowned in a Watebholb.— We have received from two correspondents: re ports of a very sad accident at Gibean, Nandi, when four sisters, children, were all drowued. Mary Boyle and Catherine Boyle, twins of ten years, Sarah Boyle, fire years, and Ann Boyle, four years, went on the 2nd December after din* ner, to wash themselves in a shallow waterhoid'. It proved to be dry, and the poor children must have gone on to another waterhole in the bed of the creek lor half an hour afterwards, tkei mother, going to look for them, found their clothes on the bank, and a black ^gin (the only other person near the spot) saw the bodies of the two poor girls floating, and; diving, brought up the otbor two— all dead. We postpone tha report of the magisterial inquiry till our next -—? Maitland Mercury. ? Ibish .National League.— The weekly meeting of tbe Irish National League was held on Wednesday evening last, Mr. Vice-President Holds worth in tlit chair. It was announced that impor tant communications had baen received itbm Ireland by the Secretary, Mr. Grogan, but owing t» that gentleusun'i indisposition he was unable to attend. The meeting thereupon adjourned till Wednesday B»Xt. ' . . :t. ? '' ,, ' ' 