THE LAST JUDGMENT. A Sermon , Preached by Vert Ret. D. W. Cahill, D.D, in St. Peter's Church, Barclay-street, on Sunday Evening, 29, 1863\. - .. . ?{Specially Reported for the N. Y. Tablet.) I Concluded from our last.) Ob, when Judas betrayed Christ, when the -soldiers mocked Him, spat in His face, and blind olded Him, is it not surprising how the Angels could have borne these iniquities ? And when Pilate asked the Jewish mob which did they prefer Barrabas or Christ, they all exclaimed « Barrabas :' and then they said, ' Let His blood be upon us, and on our children.' Who can conceive how the Archangels did not beg of God to annihilate the whole race of men ? But the- mystery of the Cross had a different object, and hence this day is the time for human punish ment. See the millions of saved souls that now stand in triumph round the Cross, all of whom He has saved by His humiliations, debasement .and- death. These are the triumphs by which He has conquered Satan, disarmed all mighty vengeance, and peopled heaven with the countless host of Saints that accompany Him in His second coming to day. A glance by anticipation at this terrible hour will teach more Gospel truth, and more deceit of this world, than could be taught by any other lesson of instruction. When in this 'world we see the starving and naked poor crawling through the deserted lane, living, or lather dying, in the putrid hovels of disease, while the abandoned profligate lives in riotous prosperity, tbe corrupter of youth jibing death and mocking judgment — one will ask is there a God to look on quietly at this galling starvation on one band, and this scarlet iniquity on tbe 9 btber : he will sk is there no God to relieve tk e pitiful cries of tbe one, and punish the scalding extravagance of tbe other. Again, when one sees the pious, devoted child of God spend a long weary life in prayer and sickness, in trial, in disappointment, and yet in devotion to God, without a day, a moment of neglect or dissipation, while the blasphemer or the infidel stand at God's own gates insulting Him on His own -throne, and teaching perdition to all within bis reach— one will ask has God no feeling for religion, no zeal for the human soul, to perpetrate this outrage on Himself, this scandal on the Gospel, this bleeding corruption on tbe morals and faith of the public ? How can God free Himself in these circumstances from being the abettor of infidelity and the encourager of blasphemy ? There must be a iay for Christ to receive com pensation, for God tbe Father to defend Himself : for virtue to be recorded, and for vied to be punished in the presence of congregated mankind. If this great day did nut come the Gospel might be 8aid to be. a dumb mockery of justice; tbe punishment of Hell without a judge or a sentence ; the rewards of Heaven without examination or a verdict. Tbe whole character of God, therefore, demands that His strict justice to Christ and to virtue shall be» m'ade known; while the same eternal character of the same justice requires that the deceit, tbe -ingratitude, the blasphemy, and the infidelity of the wicked, shall be weighed in the impartial scales of God's truth, and, after renewing their former condemnation, plunged in the, presence of Heaven and Hell into eternal fire. The bodies and souls of mortals being now united in the resurrection : all Heaven having taken their places, all Hell gives a last farewell look at the heavenly host that are spread ail over all the skies, like mi, lion armies encamped. Tbe description of St. John is so minutf, that we almost fancy we are viewing this great List scene ; and, as Christ has already prophesied, we, at this distance of space and time, feel our hearts trem bling at the approaching sense-of perdition about to be pronounced against many billions of ill fated, unhappy creatures. At a given moment a door was opened in Heaven, and voices were heard, and trumpets were sounded : and there waa a tbroue set in heaven, and upon the throne one sitting : and there was a number round about the throne, and around about tbe throne were twenty-four seats, and upon the seats twenty-four ancients clothed in white garments, and upon their he*ds were crowns of g»ld : and from tbe throne proceeded lightnings and thun ders. And angels were crying with a loud voice : and there was before the tnrone a multitude of all tribes and nations, which no one could number, clothed in white ro- es, with palms in their bands And books were sealed, and angels held phials to pour out on tbe earth — and God seemed to make some grand preparation. And an angel having received a key lnm tbe bottomless pit, smoke ascended, that darkened all tbe air. And He that sat on tbe tnrone from His face fled away the heaven and the earth. And,'1 said St. Jobn, ' I saw the dead, great and small, standing in th« presence of tbe throne — and the books were opened, and the dead were judged by tbe things that were in tbe bonks — according to tbeir works —and tbe sea gave up tbe dead that were in it, and heil and death g.ve tbeir dead; and they were judged every one according to tbeir works.' St. John here adds bis description to tbe clear detail of Christ ; and between tbe two, one think? he is reading tbe facts after judgment, rather , than the facts before judgment. Christ takes His place on tbe throne, looks to tbe right and to the left: opens tbe book, and prepares to con firm the rewards of tbe blessed and to repeat before all tbe world the sentence of never-ending perdition of tbe reprobate. We cannot tell Low long the examination of a world's guilt will con tinue. Time is now past ; Eternity has now -commenced. We have no means of measuring time — and we are not told how long this day f will continue. He took sis days to create tbe | world : we cannot say how long it will take Him to judge the world. Christ and St. John are silent'on these two points. We only know that He judges each soul according to the law written in the Books. If Christ himself did not make the minute detail, and if St. John did not add the further particulars of the countless host, we could not fancy that Heaven had ever arranged tbis universal meeting, trial and sentence of all hell and heaven : concluding with the eternal fire of the wicked and with tbe never-ending happiness of the blessed. The whole case has been painted bonafide for our consideration : and hence we must copy the whole description into tbe inmost memory of our hearts. The scene of tbis day surpasses all God's former character of Omnipotence. First think of the assembly of a Parish, and rise step by step to the meeting of a County, a Province, a Nation— then advance to all the nations of the Earth ; then add to this aggregate the assemblage of all ages past, present and future that is, the aggregate of three words — Earth, Hell, Heaven, during all time. But now do we know what is the number of the angles : the population of God's own King dom since the beginning of Eternity ? The po pulation of these myriad -spirits in His own boundless kingdom may be so great that bell and eaith may he a mere unit in tbe incalculable aggregate of all the creature's and the great God. Tbis day therefore then is so great in the aggre gate of numbers, in tbe meeting of bodies and spirits, in tbe presence of men and angels, in the appearance of Christ and all God's creatures, in the burning lakes of the abyss and the enraptur ing enchantments of heaven, that all other mea surable things fade in comparison of the Day of General Judgement. In describing tbe terrors of the Day of Jndgment, where our Lord is intro* duced as speaking and acting, it is bad taste to personify Christ in the sermon, firstly, becase no creature can personify Him in the smallest par ticular; and, secondly, it is impossible to repre sent His anger — but for tbe sake of perspicuity, sometimes the preacher personlly assumes in this case the words and manner of our Lord. As our Lord expresses the agonies, tbe feelings, tbe very words of the reprobate souls, and as the exami nation of their crimes must occupy some time, heaven and he.l must mutually look at each other ; and the eye of Christ must rest on many a familiar face and unhappy creature in tbe rank of the damned. Tbe Scriptures introduce a dialogue between Christ and the Reprobate : and the Old Testament actually represents Christ addressing the damned while they cry and bewail their lot, and, by turns, petition and blaspheme till the gates of' bell are closed on their piercing agonies. Before the passing of the sentence, Christ exclaims : Ctirist— Reprobate souls, tbe gates of hell are about to close on you for tbe last time : your cries and your repentence cannot now alter your con dition. * Ttie Reproved Souls — Can no circumstance change tbe approaching sentence of eternal dam nation ? Christ — What circumstance could mitigate a deliberate mortal offence against the infinite love an1 mercy of the Saviour? The Damned Souls — The temptation of the ricbes which you brstowed corrupted our hearts : and tbe gift in place of leading to salvation brought us to ruin and perdition. Carist — See tbe millions who stand around this throne, who lived laden with gold: see the kings, with tbeir crowns sparkling with jewels : see them clothed now with eternal glory. They were saved by the wealth which you allege is tbe cause of your perdition. Ttiey lived by works of charity, feeding and clothing tbe poor, and advancing the suppurt and maintenance of Religion. Riches would have equally saved you if you employed taem with the grace of God. But you purchased damnation at a large price — you insulted the Trinity at an enormous cost— you served the Devil with all the extravagance that the most perverse education, the most expensive iniquity, and fabulous guilt of gold could procure. Tbe unhappy souls whom you have led to perdition are calling on Me for your blood : and your stormy bed of eternal fire is already preparad for your never-ending agony. Tbe Reprobate— And you give us passions which inflamed our nature, overcame our reason, deranged our will, and forced us from Religion and (rom God. Christ— See all the Anchorets that surround Me here. Tney had the same flesh and blood as you. They are saved. You never asked for the grace of resistance The burning of a city is but a feeble illustration of the unrestrained, resistless flames of tbe passions of your untamed heart. Fearing you had not sufficient inflammable material to spread tbe conflagration of yourself, you have purchased all the fuel which could inflame to fury the inextinguishable passions, which are only exceeded in extent and intensity by tne boiling cauldron in which the reprobates are buried in eternal torment. There was nothing that could encourage, flatter, foment human passion, which you did not purchase, by land and sea, to increase your guilt and to swell the anker of God. P Reprobate— I did not know till after my death the extent of my offences. [Christ— You must remember that I was spit '-pon, mocked, blindfolded, bruised for you— Hogged for you. The stroke of the hammer -on Jalvary was heard in heaven, as they nailed Me o the cross. You cannot forget it was for you 1 ned. I called to My Father for relief in My ?^ony. No! no! no! was the reply I heard hrough the closed gates of heaven. You were imong the number that put Me to death : yet I held My arms open for your forgiveness till your last breath. And your greatest crime during vour whole life is your present daring declaration, but you did not know your guilt was so great, although I saw you in Jerusalem : I had My eyes fixed on you in the hall of Pilate ; I saw you at the pillar — you held the scourge. ' It was you that fitted tbe nails to My hands and feet, plunged the spear in My side, and jibed and mocked Me as My last breath was escaping from My quivering lip. You shall soon see Me on My throne of judgment, passing sentence on your scarlet crimes, while Hell moans and Heaven weeps at tbe terrors of My anger. Reprobate — Did you not see my damnation bef- ti I was born. Christ— No, not till after your death, Reprobate— Did you not see all futurity from tbe beginning of eternity ? You, therefore, saw my perdition before I was born. Hence, My damnation is inevitable. Christ— The power which I possess of seeing all future things from all eternity is a property of my own : but tbis property of mine has no influence whatever on your action!', — my foresight does not influence your liberty no more than your seeing other men influences their free actions. Precisely the same Reprobate— Did not you, decide my fate before I was born : and hence my perdition became inevitable ? Christ— No. I have seen all futurity from all eternity. The decree is written on the walls of heaven. But I saw it in order, and in the order in which it occurred. Hence, I saw your birth first, because it was first : then I saw your life and actions next, because they followed your birth : then I saw your death, because it followed your life : and then I pass judgment the last, because it is the last. But I did not pass sentence before your birth, because I could not see your death before your birth— it is impossi ble. Hence, I pass sentence like any other judge : having first seen your life and death. Reprobate — But is not your decisisn a pre judgment. Christ— No. Mine is a .postf- judgment : be ing decided after your death, in My eternal decree. I Reprobate — But could my judgment be differ ent. Christ— Certainly, if your life were different. The whole case can be settled in one word— you have yourself made your case : I have merely judged it. If I made your case you are right, but I have not directly or indirectly made your case— your case is your own independent free 1 act. Damned soul— ^Cannot the penalty of millions of years atone for my sin ? Christ— No: years are time— that is, the stroke of a pendulum : and you know tbe stroke of a clock cannot blot out a mortal offence to God. Damned soul — Cannot Your Father forgive us! Christ — My Father jwill not, cannot forgive you. When I was on Earth I published to all mankind, that without faith it was impossible to please vGod. I declared that no one could be saved 'without My blood, you have died not only without My blood, you died against My blood : you died without living faith : without any faith : now, in the insane supposition that you should be received into Heaven I am made a liar before the whole court of Heaven : I am ungodded on My own throne: and hence I should stand on the gates of heaven and resist your entrance into My kingdom with all the power of My Godhead. Yjvl therefore cannot be saved : your relief therefore from hell to heaven is not within the possibilities of tbe truth, tbe justice and tbe mercy of My Father : you ask me to stand in opposition to Myself : to make the abyss -to be bell and heaven at the same time. Damned Soul — Cannot ages of fire blot out my sin against God ? Christ — You know that-, fire cannot change vice into virtue nor change the anger of God, and hence fire cannot burn out mortal guilt. Damned Soul— And is there no hope? Christ— No possible hope. Damned Soul— Hell contains three infinities : infinity of God's anger, infinity of fire, infinity of duration— waat have I done to deserve these three infinities : a poor finite creature? Christ— You have committed the greatest crime that time or eternity has ever beheld — you have imbued your bands in the blood of , the Saviour of tbe world. You are an accomplice in the death of Christ: the death of the God Man. Damned Soul — How can I be an accomplice? Christ — If one man killed another man, or if thousands of men aided in putting n|m to death— each is guilty, and all are guilty^ .equally guilty, and hence all who commit deliberately mortal sin, have deliberately aided in nailing Christ to' the cross. You -are, therefore, an accomplice in the death of Christ— stained with his- blood : a crime so great that the fire of hell -can never burn it out. , ,-? Damned Soul — And is there no change in hell? . . Christ — No change. The kingdom of hell is as well founded as the kingdom of heaven — one is founded on My power and My mercy : tbe other is founded* on My power and My anger : and I am as much God. in punishing vice as rewarding virtue. You mistake tbe Trinity: -We did not make or create Ourselves : We are the living essence of things : essential first beings, loving living virtue, and hating living rice: We are the essence of life; We cannot die: you mistake Us: every mortal sic, una tjned,' u'nrepented, is fixed in permanent malice : « ? -!' it burns forever like a lake of pitch, and must remain eternally unextinquisbed : and an act of meritorious virtue is, on the other hand, as irre movable in glory as the pillars of the throne of God, and must last forever : you mistake Us, and you mistake yourselves. This is the first day of eternity to you— time is past— everything will now wear a different appearance — eternity is so large and time is so small, that the death of Adam, the first man, and the death of the last man here to-day, are two points, so close, that they seem to touch : your crimes will now surprise youselves : the sanctity of God will astound you : sin will ap pear under new terrors, and heaven will look happier, than your fancy had ever painted it— everything will now appear in its own true colors. You have oppressed and killed the poor : you have corrupted tbe innocent and you have filled bell with the victims of your lust : your scandals have blasted faith and converted the Gospel into shame : you have dared the Trinity at our Own gates : you jibed death, defied hell, and mocked heaven : My blood is thick on your scarlet bands : your damnation is fixed : your tempestuous bed is made in hell, and you are doomed to writhe in eternal fire: I lived for you: I died for you : I watched you, once my own child, to save you : the saints, the angels followed you to the gates of hell, to intercept you and to gain your soul : you resisted all and damned yourself in spite oi the prayers of the living, the cries of the saints, and the burning petition of the Saviour of the world: the happy fields of Paradise now lie before you for the last time: but you shall never again behold them: the million suns that burn on tbe eternal hills shall never again shed tbeir lustre on you : tbe peace, and joys, and glory of heaven you shall never taste : the companions of your youth whom you loved shall never see you : and you shall be cast away from God as far as omnipotent anger can throw you. Reprobate souls, darkness and tor ture are now your eternal let; and when the gates of your fiery prisons shall close forever between you and Me, storms shall rage over lakes and oceans of fire and brimstone, where the consuming waves shall never reach the shore: and where one ray of light shall never burst through the infinite chaos that lies between you and Me. Your position, in place of being the source of pain to the blessed, is a relief : heaven is freed from your blasphemies : your scandals can no longer grieve tbe Holy Ghost: the Cross can no longer suffer for your infidelities : and My wounds will no more bleed afresh from your apostacies : heaven rejoices in your damnation : time and sin are at an end : the Saints and Angels love what I love, and they hate what I hate : and as the gates of hell close on you, in eternal banishment, heaven will raise a jubilee of joy at yeur never-ending sentence : Begone ye arJcursed into everlasting fire prepared for the Devil and his Angels. Then turning to the Blessed with a countenance full of sweetness he exclaims : Come ye blessed of My Father, poss ess the Kingdom prepared for you from.! foundation of The world. Dearest Brethren, the coming certainty of this awful day, the declaration of Christ an nouncing His anger and sentence, ought to change tbe life of many a sinner : and I pray God that these words of mine may sink like a burning brand into the hearts of those who hear me. A OATHOLIO OUAPEL BLOWN DOWN. The whole of Thursday week a terrific gale blew at Chester, with violent sleet and rain at intervals. la almost every street were evi dences of the havoc of the storm, and in some cases persons were injured by the failing slates and pots, the most severe injury being to a market woman who was stunned by a falling brick. She was carried to a surgeon's and immediately attended to, Shortly before nine o'clock the wind took a heavy iron roof off a shed, some 50 feet long, at the Roodee Ship yard, and lifted it about ten feet ou to the Chester and Holyhead Railway, which runs on a viaduct close by the yard, and also blew down a massive stage-lift. Several pinnacles of St. Mary's Church were blown' down, as also a wall near the Savings Bank. About eleven o'clock, when the gale was as its height, about half the roof and sides of the new Roman Catholic Chapel, in Grosvenor-road, fell with tremendous crash, totally destroying in their fall glass-house and apparatus of Messrs. Lancaster photographers, whose loss is estimated at £150. Tbe other part of the chapel, which was afine building of dark red sandstone, 120 feet long and 70 high, erected at cost of over £2,000., remained stand* ing when our parcel left, a little going'at a time. Crowds of people stood in tbe road defying, the [ ; piercing sleet, to wait the fall of 'the ruined building. A report that two men's lives had been lost in an adjoining village was heard but not generally credited. — Liverpool Mtfrcury D$c. 12. ^_____ „ On Friday week a steamer oelonging to the Italian Government was being terribly tossed about in a heavy storm off Oivita Vecohia. The captain demanded permission to land his passen gers at that port, amongst whom were a number of soldiers. A telegram was sent immediately to Sis Holiness the Pope to inqnire what was to be done. Instantly be for warded a reply thatnotonly we're they to be allowed to*land, but sent on to Borne, whence they could proceed by-train to Naples, whither they were bound, which was accordingly done. It is these little acts ot generosity and kindness of heart that make tbe Pope so beloved in his own dominions, but which are so little knotyn or under stood beyond them; .Pius IX is admitted to bo, by his worst and tqpst bitter enemies, as near to perfection as a mortal' man oan be. 'People will not leave well alone. They could do so muoh oetter themselves l—Conri Journal. 