I - . 'WOVSTDWO FAWNS/ j IM MI lut »tory» Mr, Trollope bu undertaken to paint tl sorrow» of » TODDS lady . whose lover ho» jilted ber SJ ia called a''wounded F«wn,»' and the pama very apt describe» both the extent and the nature of ber anfiVriag Shs feel» wounded to the heart by the evil thing that hi cime npon her, and abe alto feels the smart of little thing -the annoyance of receiving pity, and the shame of enc publicity as abe baa acquired in her little circle. Tl pioinre is a vivid and. we should imagine, a true one, an the interest of the story lie», to a large extent, in thia dt acriptian orja suffering- girl. She is otherwise an ordinär I amiable creature, bot when a great misfortune wrings ha soul it ia found that she can suffer Uer misery does no exhale in exclamations, or melt away ¡a tears. She endure bravely, tries to bear up, wishes to do her duty, and eve makes a vain effort to be cheerful. But she suffers intensely and Mr. Trollope knows quite enough of wemen and me to underat-nl that this capacity of suffering is one of th characteristics which most divide mankind. Tte pone of feeling deeply is a power that leads in this world t a little joy, and to great and sometimes awfu suffering, ont it gives its poiseaior that stamp of luperiorit, which nothing elie can give. It is a precious and a ver rare gift. The ran of mankind feel very slightly, and 1 they could honestly measare themselves by the standard o those who have felt strongly, they might soon learn hoi light their own sufferings are. In tte Book of PsdmB, fo example, there are expresaiona constantly nsed whiol evidently came from the heart and embodied the natnrs and unbidden feelings of those who sang or wrote, bu whioh take the usual modern reader into a world of whiol he bas no personal ..knowledge. With a vague admiratioi and sympathy he reads these ontponriogs of sniritua agony and he hos a general sensation that it is the ven intensity of this agony that gives it its character and it value. Bat unless he is blinded hy vanity, or utterlj obluie, he must own to him<elf that agony like this is fai removed from the range of feeling to which he can pretend Partly, perhaps, thia capacity of suffering may be physical The brain may be more 'sensitive, the circulation mon irregular or quick, the nerve» more finely strung. But thii may be said of almost all that is great in man The soul is not independent of the body, and people are what they are because they are so made. The power of feeling deeply remains a peouliîr possession, Moat girls who lose their lovers are sooroely to he callad Wounded Fawns They are very wretched, but they are not like Lily Dale. They ory and fret, and life seems a barden to them but they catch easily at any consolation, and con- solations oome with tolerable certainty to those who are eager to be consoled And thoy are much helped to this by the kind assistance of the world whioh hates deep and protracted feeling. A' young lady in distress will find plenty cf bind friends who will strive to i m pref s on her that there are as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it, that her misery will soon pass away, and then she can soon he on with somebody else. If she cannot believe this, they ask ber to trust their experience. They know that these sort of thing» always blow over, and they can find plenty of reasons to show her why her los» is not nearly so great as ehe thinks. If necessary, they scold her a little; and BO, by a judicious mixturo of the sweet and the bitter, they ! strive to bring her round. In many oases this treatment is quite successful. As ordinary people feel slightly, and shrink from feeling more strongly than they aro wont a jilted girl is often willing to dry np her tears as soon aa the is oonvinoed that she is not ridiculous. Comfort is the medium by which afflicted people regain the footing In daily life whioh they are long- ing to regain. ' Job's comforter» hava gained a name that is proverbial, bat Job's con forters only failed. beoauBe they tried to oomfort Job. Their comfort waa very fair business like comfort in its way, hat it happened to he applied in a case where the capaoity for feeling was great and where the problems which great Buffering awakes hod seized hold of a reflective mind. But then Job it, on some occasions, held np as an example, or, at any rate, he prodaoes the im Êression of having teen superior to his comforters. Lily 'ale touoheB the hearts of many readers muoh more than, she would if »he could see how desirable it was that she should keep the door open for another lover, and had been instantaneously alive to the impropriety. of remembering Crosbie alter he had married another woman. Deep-feeling is an Ideal to whioh the world knoffs tb»t it ought to aspire ; and in real life feeling mav he to a great extent cultivated, and so far as it can ne cultivated without insince- rity It is ot' the utmost gain to cultivate it. By reflection - by thinking over all the goodness and swoetness all tho long suffering and nobleness and gentleness, of those who are dear to tis - hy turning an open ear to the oalls of reveren- tial and solemn emotion hy expressing feeling io slight actions, and by controlling words that would turn the opportunity of feeling away there oan be so doubt that denth of feeling mavin cultivated and that to nultivatn it ' ia one 'of tbe greatest gains t< Immunity, But it Trill not do to go toi far. Common sense will not beer too violent a strain an the e is a bad atd foo'leh cultivation of feeling aa well as ? good. Common sonse «onnot cease to be common sense be' cause it sees that there is a depth of feeling beyond its reach and commen tense discovers that in alarga portion of deej feeling there is something exaggerated and, in a measure absurd Wounded Fawns are not apt to be perfeotly WÍBB There was much that was exaggerated and unreasonable ir the grief of lily Dale A girl may think that, because a lover who has deserted her used to kiss her to theil matual satisfaction, sha is bound to bim for ever ; but the truth of the matter is tbat she is not bound. Ti,e -.facts ol life are one way, and ber feelings and opinions and nsiurap tiona are tho other. Tho novelist very properly paints bei with this exaggeration, for he sets himself to paint a girl with deep feeling, and exaggeration and deep feeling gc naturally, though not invariably together But ordinary people are net novelists. They hare not to desoribe 01 realise a particular phase of pastion, but themselves to bc of one character or another, to do this or that particulai thing. When their common sense shows them the ex- aggeration that goes with deep f eeling, they cannot sbul their eyes to it. Or, if they d>, they pay the bea vj penalty of becoming sentimental; for senti mentalism is nothing but the aspiration-some- times honest, sometimes cousolously insinoere-ol ordinary common sense people to have feelingi deeper than they possess. In particular states of society, like that wliioh prevailed in Europe at the end of the eighteenth century, it may become a fashion to provoke and faster thia play of aham tee ing ; and the feelings wbioh is thus stimulated by an excitement pervading large masses of people is not hollow or impotent at first. Sentimentalism may easily quicken sensibility. But common sense and the lewer nature of mau soon quench any feeling that ia not profound, and sooiety grows siok of being sentimental. A time comeB when even tho ghost of feeling has departed, and nothing remains but sentimental talk, and a flux oi foolish words. The eooner common sense sweeps away this remnant the better. There are, again, gentle and tender souls who can foel deeply for the woes of others, and as there ia very little danger that people should feel too much for.others, sympathy can scarcely be too much cultivated. When sympathy, howener, takes the form of feeling for the misery of indlviduils «hom we personally know, and of whose Buffer- ings we can forma distinct conception it ia admirable but not Wonderful. What is nondeiiul ia the capacity which soma minds bave of feeling for the sufferings of classes. They, can even sometimes, though wo should think rarely, feel when theso evils are of a purely literary kind, and when olas ios Buffer from nothing but attacks on paper. They have a power of looking at classes selaly through such individuals belonging to these olasses as thoy may happen to know. Supposing a country doctor or a dentist or a dancing-master ia said to have a laborious and not very agreeable profession, they hare no notion of asking whether this ÍB trae or not ot' these classes of persons in general, hat they fly at once to individuals. Thoy eay that they kcow a country doctor who has Buch a very nioe wife or that their dentist ia a singularly well read man, and has lately gone to the sea for bis health, or that tho dancing-master whom they employ is a French gentleman in decay. If women aro critioiscd, they feel sure that somehow the blew is meant to fall spooially on their particular friends, for we scarcely think that any man could be in this state of mind and have thia tender feminine com- passion for whole classes of peop'e. ^If governesses are described, and the difficulties they canse are treated as a set-off against the sensation novels in which the governess is always a divino sweet, gushing, lady-like being, cruelly treated by a brutal mistress, and trodden under foot by the whole of a vulgar, insolent household, they are in arms for governesses at oe co, and tell opposite aterios of thia and that governess whom they have known and whom they have always understood to be a treasure There would be something Jocose in this sensitiveness if lt wore not BO sincere and akin to so mash that is beauti- ful. It could scarcely be found except in persons of deep and «ide family affections who have learnt the habit of loving, who feel for each member of their group, apd strivo daily .to spero annoy anees and give pleasure to those »round them. Accustomed io thia way to study and consider individuals and to cultivólo quickness of fooling, dependent on others having feelings to answer to their own, and view- ing all tbe eventa of dally life according ns they tear on the fortunes or happiness of those whom they lovo, they Instinc- tively measure overy general rem irk they read, and judge of tho treatment of every class, by an immediate referenoe to the pain or pleasure which they imagine that some par- ticular person they know will feel. They are guided by their family habits, and just as they find a harsh word or a reckless allusion will cause disquiet and globm in their owu circle, they presume that remarks affcollag a class will wound If not the doss as n whole, yet ail tho people belonging to it, wilora Iber happen to know, It most ba ackowledged that th« ii toa beauty of extreme kindliness In all this, and tboi I who ai* ''Wounded Fawna*' far the Bake af olaf tes of pet iona unkindly spoken of in print matt have a natura ainjru larly affectionate and sweet. Nor ought critics to be wholt indifferent to the feeling-' which these dear " Woonda Fawna" express ; and although they can scarcely iorbea to make remarks on elna es because some persons, or tb friends of some persons belonging to those classes migh feel pain by what was said, they may at least say a kim word for classes when a kind word cornea natural!} aad thus Bprinkle a little balm iver the wounds they har made. But here, again, common sense comes in and bide n remember the facta of life and prompts ns to decline to b guifed too far by these amiable and sensitive people For tunately men and women, as a rule, do not much objeot ti being attacked in classes. They feel exceedingly when they are attacked personally, when thei: sots are criticised, their apeeches commented on, or theil booka examined in a candid and contemplative way. Bul they do not much mind a general sketch of English states men although it may be unfavorable, a depreciating esti- mate of English eloquenoe, or a lamentation over the pre' aeut atate of English literature. A country doctor doai not mind reading that country doctora lead laborious anti disagreeable lives without mnoh social reputation to com' pcniate for it, although, if thia waa said to a partionlai man of himself hy word of mouth, he might be reasonably offended. A successful dentist knows perfectly well thal he ia ordinarily Donside ed to ba making money in a wai that is not very poe'ical. but he cares very little if he reach this in print. He equally makes money whatever is Baie of bim, equally prides himself on his elegant drawing-room, equally enjoys his Sundays at the best and dearest Brighton hotel, and equally, if he is a man of cultivation, delight! in his books, his portfolio, or his musical instrument, Governesses, as a rule have something mush more serious and praot'oal to think of than tue general question whether they should be described as the heroines of novels, or as capable of being a dead weight on a family party. But even if individuals felt more keenly what was said of tbs classes to which they belong, that would be no reason for speaking of cluses too gently. If it were sot for a little plain speaking tha world would get into a very namby-pamby Btate. It must hs remembered that if olasses are rundown they are also run up, and it has become a sort of trade in these'daya to ran them up. There is always somebody to hold a meeting, or write a pamphlet, cr make some demonstratio or other to *ssure each set of people in turn that they are mnoh grander and finer than is generally thought. Sometimes, perhaps,it may be advantageous that what can be said for a olass or a set should he said. For example, it was desirable that the difficulties which a governess has to enoounter, the treatment she sometimes has to bear and the insults to whioh however rarely, she is occasionally exposed should be brought to the general notioe, in order that a better publio feeling on the point might be established, and the fear of shame might induce employers to hs more just and generous. Soon, however, the era of exaggeration about governesses j satin. They were told they were heroines, martyrs, and generally speaking sabl'me and misunderstood. Critics would not hare done their duty if they had not protested against this ; nor is it disputable that, by reoalling society to a recollection of the faots of the case, they may often have conferred a real benefit on individual?. It by no means conduces to the happiness of any particular governess that she shonld think herself a heroine and a martyr simply beeanse she ii a governess. She would Ve merely taking a very fake and distorted view of her position if,thia was the state of opinion that was encouraged in her. She would find a friend in any one who would remind ber that mnoh was to be said on the other aide ; that Bhe was often a hore as well as a victim ¡ that govemessesare necessarily invaders of domestio tranquillity and unity in many families, not beeanse they wish to cause annoyance, bat because thev are strängen, and strangers belonging ordinarily to a different olas»; with different nabits, associations, and connexions. Thia must be BO in the majority of cases, end although both parties may do mnoh by good sense and kindness, to smooth over the unavoidable unpleasantnesses which these relations engender, it cannot conduce to the happiness of the parties that the goodness and the suffering should be supposed to be all on one eide. But the oritios who wish to say this must say it strongly, in order to say it effectively. Wounded Fawns are smitten ia their affeoti .mate hearts beoause they do not think that critics tell the whole truth-beoause writers wound withonl pouring in oil and wine, and say what thoy have to say as effectively as they can. Bot gentle admonition, doing justice to everybody at euoe, is tho duty of snch people aa mothers, and clergymen and KO J nanas : and. if critics tried to enter tba liât, thev would simply abandon tbeir vocation. -Saturday RevUvi. \----- , DEanADiNoMuMstEniES AT JERUSILSU.-Ilinvenow bee a «eek at Jerusalem, coing tbe round of tko sights some ( absorbing interest, o hers of revolting absurdity. Tho fin was, of course, the Holy Sepulchre, then King David's Tomi the Mount of Olives ana the Chap el of tho Ascension Gethsemane, the village of Emmaus, and finally Betbleheir They are all too well known from books for me to altemr. description. It was far from my purpose, in writing abou this country, to tread feebly in tte footsteps of the man; learned authors on it, but merely to give my impression o' its present state as a part of the Turkish Empire. I cannot howerer, pass over Jérusalem without saying how painful i was to mc to listen to the ¿eiecrating toles of guides at tb .sacred shrines. The Church of the Holy. Hepnlohre i necessarily of surpassing interest ; but the doubt of thi identity of the tomb -tbe flight of steps leading from it t< Calvary, whioh is also in tbe ohuroh. and the menkisl triviality with which every detail is pointed out-thi sockets of tho three crosses-the rook rives by the earth quake during the crucifixion - the atone on which the Lord'i body was prepared for burial-that on whioh the Empre« Helen sat when she found the true oroes - finishing oil witt the sword of Godfrey of Bouillon-and all this seen undei a guard of Tu'kish policemen-drive reverence from th< mind moat bent on simply believing that Christ died there On Easter eve it is atilt worse, I am told. The Greeks and Armenians assert that fire descends miraculously frotr heaven to light the lustres and tapera round the Holt Sepulchre, as the altar was burnt at the prayer of Elijah in the First Book of ICiogs. Strange antics are then per- formed, ludicrous were they nob profane. People rush wildly shouting round tho tomb: and eo mad is tho frenzy excited, tbat persons have even recently teen trampled tc death in these superstitious orgies when the struggle to light tapers of the holy flame is raging. Formerly a white pigeon was thrown from the capola toto the sanctuary, tc represent the descent of the Holy Ghost ; but this gros! aggravation is happily sow discontinued. And we expeol Christianity to be respected by Mussulmans who witnes« such degrading mummories ; for there are always some Turks in the cburoh to guard it, and on great festivals there are Iorgo bodies of soldiers aid police, to tell the tale of Christian inferiority to tho purity ef their own form of worship and that of the Jews. Tho noble Mosque of Omar is very different in its general effect. Impressed by its grave repose, one rejoioes to recognise the undoubted features of the threshing.floor of Araunah, a baj-e rook unadorned with priestly gewgaws, and Precisely in the same state in whioh it waa when Abraham boand fsaso on the altar he had ereoted on it-when Alelchizedek or Shem (if they , were really the same person) offered bread and wise to Abraham on it, receiving a tithe of his spoil-when the angel stood there to threaten Jerusalem with pestilence-and when David built his altar on it. Then this was tho court of the Temple of Solomon, whose vaulted foundations I visited, while pilgrim Jews from Germany and Poland wept outside, in a:I simple grief for its fall at the Place of "Wailing. It ia 'truly a grand monument eclipsing, both aa a lowish t'mplo and as a morque of Islam, the tawdry finery of the Christian Church of the Holy Ser.ulohre. One can well comprehend the enthusiasm cf Saladin when he Boid, as reoorded by the historian Emad ed Din, th«t_ lt was the abode of a prophet, the resting-place of saints, the gaol of pilgrimage of angels, the future scene of the general resurrection and judgment, the spotless and beautiful pavement whence Mahomet ascended to heaven, sud whence the lightning Hashed on, that night of mytery, illuminating every point of the oniverBe. - MarVlei tn Syrian Desert*. DEQENERAOY IN afANHEOs.-The minor morals-so to spiok-ol the modern undtrgrtduale are deoldedly not an improvement upon those ot his predecessors, in v.ry gentío language-too gentle, we venture to think, f r the ooooiion- tomo oi the college officersnotioB that which threatens to be one ooontetaotlng evil to very much of promising good in the young men of oar own doy. Taey are IBBB attentive to small mattera of discipline than they were." " Manners, in the popular aenee of the term, have not improved; there is an ostentatious disregard of minor regulations, and a oor. responding (I tbinkoonscquen') falling efl" in tbe Small courteties whioh distinguish the gentleman." We could sieb, indeed, that these words of mild and yet forcible rebabe-not as from a ocllege taler to nndcrgradnitss, tnt as from a gentleman to gentlemen-were printed, not only in a government blue-book, or even in these Sages, bat in some oonsplaloas plaae in eveiy college ali,debating sooluty, olub-room, slzlb.foim room, and ' school library, Would that every undergraduate who easts bis eyes on these lines aa bo ptoba np the Magazins from the table of tha Union, would believe bow those who have, for every reason, tho moBt lively Bympatbiea with nndergradnata life, who recognise joyfully the Immense amount of good wbob leavens it all in a degree unknown in their own younger day*, ara pained anrl vsxnit tn nntinn this .'Inlllnc off ta tho ontirtefllen j willoh dlttlognieh the gontlemin," -JBIstçkwooâ't Hog»' \ fine lox ¿urie. 