nmv T.cvmxm udttuiv. We devote all our available space to tlie puhli cation of the news by the English Mail, and wc substitute the letter of our London Correspondent for our ordinary editorial matter :— Sept. 26. The one absorbing topic of the month has been the capture of Mullcr, the supposed murderer of Mr Briggs, perhaps I ought to make an exception of the last ten days, during which our attention has been divided, half being given to this German " soft looking" boy and the other half to such trivial subjects as the war in Atnerca, the proposal of tile Russians to make adosli at the Australian colonies, in case we had gone to war for Poland, the meeting of the British Association and a few other subjects. D <y alter day we have been dosed with Mullcr, How lie look<, what lie lias for dinner, what lie reads, what are his opinions on Pickwick, and David Copperfield, every liLtle details of his conversation and bis appearance, are all described in our daily papers. . j am not going to bore your readers with these i details, and shall dismiss Muller with one or two remarks. First .i then, his u:.. chance _i.„.,„„ of escape — looks , . _ very Blight. The co-incidence of tlie finding of his hat in the carriage where the murder waB committed and of Mr Briggs's hat in his possession; the positive indentification of Muller by Mr Death, as tlie man who exchanged the murdered man's chain, and the discovery of Briggs's watch iu Muller's box, are terribly strong pieces of evidence. Second, in his favor there is the declaration of the last man who saw Briggs before his murder, that two men were in the carriage with him; that Mullcr appears much too sle ider a man to have done the deed, and got rid of his victim in so short a time, and that, on the supposition of bis guilt, he is as great a fool as a scoundrel. If he is guilty lie bas taken apparently no pains whatever to escape. His voyage to America was planned weeks before the murder, end talked of freely among his friends. He named the ship by which be was going; after the murder went by that ship, and seat a letter by the pilot at the very last moment, thus making everyone sure thnt he had gone by her. Instead of choosing a quick sailer, he chose a vessel which it canuot be supposed he did not know would be overtaken easily by tlie regular iiners from Liverpool. Lastly he kept the murdered man's hat in his possession, and thus gave the strongest link in the chain of evidence against him. The Prince Bnd Princess of Wales have been paying a viBit to Denmark. By many it was believed that the visit was ill-timed. Ever since the refusal of England to fight for the Danes, Englishmen have been very coldly received. But, contrary to these expectations, the "Sea King's Daughter from over the Sea, Alcxaudra" and her husband and baby have been heartily welcomed. Indeed the good fortune which has raised an almost private family to the throne of Denmark, and which has made one daughter first lady of England, and a son, a very simple one by all accounts. King of Grccce, bas not yet deserted them: for as a sort of set-off against the late war, it is announced that the Princess Dagmar is going to marry the heir to the throne of all tlie RussiaB. The news from America is unusually interesting. We are hourly expecting a great battle between Grant and Lee. While no action of importance has taken place in Virginia, elsewhere, the forces of the Federals have been busy, and everywhere with success. General Shermau, at the beginning of this year's campaign, announced his intention of marching from the sea coast of Georgia inland, as far as Atlanta and capturing that town. In face of great opposition he has fulfilled his iutention and has captured Atlanta. Sincc the loss of Vicksburg and New Orleans nothing has been more damaging to the South than tbis. The town wes well fortified, and though it did not contain as much ammunition and materiel of war as was expected it yet amply rewarded the invaders. The march to Atlanta reminds ua of the dashing sort of marches for which Napoleon was so celebrated. Sherman pushed his way through every kind of obstacle until he aune fa sight of Atlanta, and before the almost incredulous _ North _ had persuaded itself that be lad reached it, tte town was iu his handa. If, as there wra* to be little <k*iW,SIiercwi via bald Att&ata;, Hie gowwaa «f so important atown in the very beMtot Confederate Jfiiritorv will be one of the worst blows the Sontli as rat received. On the Gulf of Mexico and not far ESi n5« Uitam the destruction of the whole Gmfe lerate fleet, and especially of the iron ram Tenne - see, has been another severe blow to the South. Admiral Farragut's capture of New Orleans the innst gallant feats ol was one Ssa^wssur^ not given tod quickly, as the ram was uninjured by "he fi e?and was in the rear of the Federal fleet threatc ling seriously to interrupt its progress. The fi e o all hc vessels seems to have had no effect on the ram Every shot on the contrary wlnih she fired Usaid to have gone quite through the northern vessels The Northern shots bounded harmlessly Iway from the ironsides of the ram. The order was then given to " ra.n » her, and accordingly, the Zn !Ts £d other vessels putting on full speed bore down upon her in succession. At every stroke the shock "as sa violent that every man was brown off bU legs. Still the effect on be.' was onlv temporary. The Monitors seem to have forced her to surrender; they made the splinters fly inside he Heavy iron and wooden armour of the Tennessee Probably the chief causes of her surrender were the >undingof Admiral Buchanan and the injury ne to her rudder chains. . , The election of president, which is to t ^ phce in November next, is causing « great dea of pohtical excitement. The race will be cv aently between Lincoln and M'Clellan. The first is »°nunated by the republican parly, and the second by the dtmo-, orate. The latter are much divide I ainoog themselves, both about thtir future policy, and the man whom they wish to elect. A great meeting has been held at Chicago, the great north western capital in which the democrats agreed to join in supporting M'Clellan. As in such a country there is sure to be, there is a section of the community who are anxious for peace at any price, and to obtain the support of this section, they issued a decidedly peace pro* gramme. By this means they also thought to obtain the aid of that larger portion of the community, to whom success is everything; who are ready enough to prosecute the war if they see any prospect nf winning, but care very little about the principles fought for. Now just at the time the convention met a Chicago, there seemed very little chance of Grant had done nothing, and the ned to be slipping away withdefinite results. Hence the demors determined to go on a peace »ud accordingly " peace" was thc ™teh word. But unfortunately for these calculations, hardly had the programme been issued than there came the news of the great victories of Sherman and Farragut Hence in M'Clellan's letter accepting the nomination, we have an entirely different set of views held. Thecampofthe democrats is again divided. M'Clellan declares that peace can only be gained on condition of a return to the Union and altogether issues ft decidedly warlike address. The Republicans, meanwhile, are at work, and seein to take " old Abe's" advice " not to swap horses when you're crossing a river." The general impression in England is, I think, that Lincoln will be returned, lie has lately confirmed his emancipation proclaimtion, and everywhere the negro is being set free. Numbers of men who were opposed to him four year are now on l.is side. The abolitionthat is to say the extreme republicans, are for him almost to u man while many who were half republicans, and lukewarm at tlie beginning of the war, now that war lias brought the question of slavery to a distinct issue, are most eager that the struggle should not end until a final settlement be given to the slavery question, li. W. Emerson, perhaps the American thinker best knoirn to Englishmen, is one of these men. Four years ngo he appeared to have little interest in the question, and never seems to have felt that deep interest in it, which his great cotemporary, Theodore Parker, felt. On the issue ot the Emancipation Proclamation, however, lie came forward boldly in favor of the war, and lias since been one ot its prominent sup- P °The S Britisli Association for the advancement of science, has just completed its yearly meeting. It attention in it, were geology and geography. The attention given to the first, was owing to tlie fact that its president was a geologist, and that given to the second to the presence of Dr Livingstone, Captain Burton, and Captain Spekc. The latter gentleman, the discoverer of the source of the Ni e, accidentally shot himself only two days before that on which he had promised to give an account of his travelB. His unfortunate death threw a shade of melancholy over the whole of the subsequent proceedings. Livingstone gave a very interesting description of his last journey in Africa. Bishop Colenso was present. On the evening of the address, as he made his w:iy on to the platform, he was received with a few cheers by those who recognized him, and by a few hisses. As soon, however, as the hisses were heard, and, it was learnt that it was Onlenzo they were hissing, he was welcomed with a hearty round. Wherever else he was seen his presence was the signal for cheering. Apropos of Colenso, I may mention ih&t; hi-, has been taking part ill a service in Claybrook, in Leicestershire. He nas invited to pleach there. Colenso accepted the invitation, but it was sjoii understand that the Bishop oI Peterborough would not peimit the sermon to be delivered. On the day previous to that announced, Bishop Coleneo appeared at the vicarage of Claybrook as Mr Johnson—the Vicar's guest. Following him came Mr Gates an agent of the bishop of Peterborough, who from the way he discharged Uis duty, iB probably some pettvfogging couutry attorney. Mr Gates served an inhibition on the Vicar, forbidding him to allow Dr Colenso to preach, and attempted to serve the bishop in the Bame fashion, but as he did not avow in straight forward fashion what he wanted with Colonzo, when he asked to see him, his request was refused. Mr Gates went nway, aod it was thought there was an end to his not very pleasant commission. Bjton Sunday morning an agent of Mr Gates appeared at the Church door, holding a document in his hand, which he tried to give to tlie bishop. A friend of Dr Colenso interposed and prevented this, and during tlie altercation that ensued the bishop ami Mr Johnson passed into the Church. The lawyer's clerk who seems to have had no notion ol the sanctity of the Church, aud who possibly bad heard of " serving at the altar," went through the Church to the Chancel, and to the altar while Dr Colenso was engaged in prayer, and began to talk to him. When this failed he served his inhibition by throwing the document at him while he was still engaged in prayer. The paper fell harmlessly, and was allowed to ra« main were it fell until the conclusion of the service. The bishop did not preach, but in the evening addressed a large congregation, first in the school-room and subsequently on the village green. On the very same day that this scene WAB enacted down in Leicestershire there was another taking place in London of perhaps a still more curious character. At a church in Munster square brother Ignatuis was announced to preach. This brother is one of a number of young men who have established a monastery at Norwich in connexion with the English church. Owing to a sore throat Ignatius did not preach. The church where he had been invited would astonish old colonists who liav? not Been some of the wonderful and picturesque developments of the English church during late years. Of course there was a cross on the altar, together with lighted candles during the communion service. The priests wore each three crosses with a long black gown (I am not up iu the names of ecclrsiasttcal millinery), and over that a very short white surplice close fitting. Instead of the usual cullage hood there was a variety of drcBses, green, purple and gold which were put off" aud on in a way and at times, which to the uninitiated is alto gether puzzling. At one portion of the service the inccnBe thrown about was so plentiful tbat the priests could hardly be seen through ic. Of course on passing the altar everybody bo<*ci. The sermon instead of being preceded by one of the collects, was introduced simply by tbe priest turning to the altar and pronouncing the words "In the name of the Father aud of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.'' So much for tbe English Church in Munster Square, But dozens of other high churches are equally well or ill conducted.—just as individual taste differ, ut gostifa* not «st dupuCtmdtuiL > " Brother Igaatiis you have probably a good notion ' of to® bis photographers. Be looks W H o l more tbmi fins mi weaif, i shaatt iaugiiC m.4 well. He dresses as a monk with cowl and sandals, and iiis head is shaved in the proper fashion. Last week I heard he was in York, where he visited the newly erected Catholic Cathedral, and was taken by the people for one of their own monks. He went to tbe altar and after remaining some minutes in prayer before ic, left tbe church. At present lie is delivering lectures in the large provincial .. towns, Manchester, Newcastle and so on. He is good looking, and when iu the midst of the hissing which occasionally greets him, clasps his hands and looks to heaven in prayer, lie looks almost angelic. Such is the power of his manner, and of the quietness of demeanour, that he generally manages to gain a hearing. . • . The religious services commenced at tlie theatres by various clergymen and ministers are still going on. List uight I heard in one of tlietn a distinguished low church clergyman preach. lean say most emphatically that the greater number ot the very large audience were men and women who never enter a church. Hence these services are probably doing good. While speaking on matters ecclesiastical, 1 may as well mention that a furious controversy is raging in London between Spurgeon and the Low Church party. Spurgeon published a sermon in which he affirmed first, that the church of England distinctly teaches Baptismal Regeneration and second, that the Evangelical clergy disowning an ! disbelieving this doctrine, yet most dis'incLlj' gave their full assent and consent to it; in otiier words that they stand gailty of dishonesty, Controversey is bitter already. Here for examp'c are sotne of the titles of pamphlets on the Bubject, " Spurgcou settled," "On which side iB Dishouesty,"" An Aiiful Fox,""Greati6i}iana,or Mother Church and her Bihtn," " A List Word with Spurgeon." The odium theologicum you will see is pretty strong. What with Culenzj, Brother Ignatius, the Low Church and Spurgeon, there is little danger of theological questions getting dull. 