THE SKIPPER'S WIFE. [POUNDED ON PACT.] : I ELIWIN is much" like other fishing Villages on the I Suffolk coast, nothing particularly striking in scenery j I some say the lights on the water are more vaned than , in many places, and when the sun sets in the sultry summer evenings, theie certainly is ar particularly bright line of dancing light from the horizon, 'ending . where the wares ripple in at the base of the cliff. I I stty cliff.'for there is only one at Elruin, jutting but j some forty yards farther than the Test of the mainland) which forms almost t» straight line from the harbour, a I mile to the east of the village, to the remains of the old j castle, a hundred yards to the west bf the cliff.' '- 1 ' The Shark's-toëth Cliff, as it is called; rises about CO feet above the sea ; it tined to be much highèr once, but every year, as tho tide runs high, a portion'gives way. I One of the fif-hermcn has'often told methat he. could remember well, as a child,'its being a perfect hill,' and I that be and the other lads used to amuse themselvesby I sliding down the slippery turf facing the sea, and gathering the mushrooms Lr which the hill used to be t BO cele histed. ! ; The sea encroeches very fast, though not so rapidly, I as it did before they put up the breakwater. ? i I At certain times, when the tides are very low, you nan see a rock covered with long matted sea-weeds ¿ this the fishermen call the Belfry Kock, and 'it is' where the old parish church used to stand. ! Three years ago, when the tides were very low, I ! hired a boat, and was rowed out to the Belfry. The waters were as still and clear as crystil,1 andi gazing over the sides af the crab-boat, I could distinctly make out in places where the foundations must have stood. I had been reading tho account of the old church in tho county history j and it seemed to me s'> strange to be ! floating over the foundations of those Norman' Sr'chcs . that had once been so much admired: AB I gazed down I saw the red lines of seaweed Iszily1 moving at the bottom, where the shrimps were darting about, and the little eels showing their pointed heads from the crevices of what might have been old buildingistones. . . .;.,.>!> ' It wa? an important village once, Elruin, and tba church (FO said my county history) was the pride oi "the neighbourhood. '. ' " ' S " " 1 ' ' The noble family of Biais for many hundred years owned the entire parish, and among other strange things, I read how, up to 1600, they used to enforce a toll on every boat in the village, as it returned from the herring or mackerel harvest ; and how no boats wère permitted to put out on the day that a body was bofne from the castle to the family vaultB, long since filled with sand and sea-water., ? The fishermen's wives, even to the present day, frighten their noisy children into silence, by threaten- ing *o hand them over to the Black Earl. _ ' '. . "Who this Black Earl was, I could never quite satis- factorily discover ; but tradition said that an owner! of the place, some hundreds of years ago, had finished a life of unexampled wickedness by Springing off the I cliff int») the sea ; and this I know, that even to this time before a storm the fishermen will tell you thst the 1 form of the Black Earl is:to be. sèen 'hovering oyer where.the chancel of the church stood ; and where his body, if it could have been found, would have been, buried. ' ' , ' '., ' .., "Can't see much of the ruin, young gentleman, said the bid fisherman who had ro wed me out, and who had been watching with evident satisfaction the interest l took in surveying the site of the church, which he,; iri.; common with the other villagers, took great delight in pointing out. . , .v " J . . . " Very little," I said, waking, from my reverie, , about the.old Norman church, St: Matthias!, its/vaults filled with sand and seaweed, and all those bodies rent- ing round it, where the once grassy , churchyard stretched, wáiting till the sea shall give up tts dead. 1 had been thinking and dreaming, till I could al moBt fancy that the low rolling.of the sea wa» the sound of the organ, and that once more Elruin Church stood before me, with its lofty spire anddeep-cút win- dows, and that I could see the simple fishing folk b liv- ing before the old Earl's pew, who, with his wife and daughters, sat in ruffled state, surrounded by the quaintly carved monuments bf sleeping ancestors. | " Bid you ever see the Black Ea 1 ?" I said, raising my eyes from gazing over the side of the boat, seeing that my companion expected me to talk. ! " Thank the Lord, never," he answered, refilling his pipe. " my mother did, however, afore that great stol m which blew so uncommon hard fifty-six yeirs ego. One day she comes in and says, ' I say, Bill, I was a-coming back along the cliff just now, whert I Beed a black shadow, like a man, floating round the Belfry Rock.' " . '..''-!' < " Mayhap it was a cloud or a porpoise,' says I, seeing she looked very much frighted 'about it. .' ; "1 Twan'c a cloud, boy,' she Bàid. 'nor a porpoise either, 1 twa» the Black Earl ; but don't talk no more about it. I should not have minded so much if your" dad had not gone out a-fisbing, and the clouds look' very unked.' .'..;? " Sure enough there was such a gale that ni<rht as' I never heard afore or since. I was a-sleeping in the same room 'with mother, when I wakes up, hearing a powerful noise of wind against the window. I starts; up and sees mother kneeling by her bed. ' "What's: the matter, mother ?' says I. ' Bill,' sayB she, rising from her knees, and catching hold of my hand, .'. I've been praying for your father, I knew 'twas the Black Earl I seed. Lord have mercy on us both ! I know my dear man br a dead corpse"; ' and so he was, sure enough. He and his two mates were.picked up, three days after, at the foot of yonder building." *' That's the coast guard station, is it not?" I swd, looking at the building he pointed me out, and wishing to change what I knew must be a painful subject. I " Do you often have any smuggled goods landed at I Elruin." " Very few indeed, they keeps such an uncommon j sharp look-out, now-a-days ; whenl was a boy a deal of business used to be done, and they say as how the great people at the castle were not above trying it on, new and then." " "When do you last remember any goods being smuggled on shore r" I said, seeing from a grim sort of a smile, that he had a good story if he would but Uli it. " Two years ago, come January, was the last time as ever it was tried on ; mayhap, sir, you would like to hear about it ? Though part seems rather sad- like, here goes. " Two years ago cerne January next, a ship, looking like a collier coming from Newcastle, anchored in the offing ; it was a clear frosty morning, with a sharp breeze from the east, which prevented many from going out fishing. About twenty of us were gathered round the benches in front of the eoast-guard station yonder, when we seed this ship letting down her anchor. " ' "Whatship be that?' said I; ' 'taint the 'Tilda, what brings coals to the Elruin wharf, Jack, says I to my son, 1 cut home and get the glass, and let's see what we can make of it.' " Just as Jack comes with the telliscope, up comes Lieutenant Barnes, who commands the station. ; "'* What do you make of it, my mari ? ' says he. " 'Make of it, Captain !' says I, (we allers calls him Captain), ' make of it, ? why nothing at all ;' taint the 'Tilde, though she seems to" be a collier.' " ' A salvage case, perhaps,', sayB he ; « but we shall hear all about it directly, as they are letting down the boat, I see.' " In a few minutes the best waB at the shore, and a man, with à thick serge coat and very large buttons, jumped out and walked up towards the place where we were standing. " ' Does your parson live near here, mates ?' says he, ns he came up the"gangway. " * Poison,' sayB old John Piler, who loves his joke, ' to be sure he doeB, and he'll marry you as well as any one along the coast, as no doubt you have heard, and come about.' " This sally was received with shouts of laughter,'bj ' all, except.the man with the big buttons, who put OE a most .uncommon sad face, and pulled out a large handkerchief, with which he began to mop his eyes. ? " ' 'Taint my getting married,' says he, ' I be comt about. Yonder ship be the collier Mary Ann Darley, of Newcastle ; and it be «long of Mary Ann Darle) that I be bete to-day. " ' She then wants to get married, only it's not te you,' said old John ; ' and that's why you put9 on such an uncommon long face. "Well, I ba sorry foi you, mote, that I be.' " 1 Mary Ann Darley, who was the beloved wife o: our skipper, George Halfred Darley, and arter whotr the ship was named, is dead, dead as a red heiring, said the man, with a voice full of anguish, which madi old -John look ashamed of his former jokes. ' No, mates, without any more trifling with my feelings which are Buch as I can't express, tell us where youl dear parson lives, because our skipper's mind be ir such a state, that he says nothing but the consola tío ' your vicar can give, of whom he has often heard, cat do him any good.' " This compliment to our minister, the Rev. Mr Coles, whom we all loved, and of whom we were no a little proud, and the expression of deep sorrow OJ the man's fice, turned all our sympathies towards him and we all volunteered to show him the way to th vicarage.' Jn less than half an hour we saw our minister'i tall thin, figure coming down the village with the mat with the big buttons, and in another ten minutes h was on board the vessel. "In about an j hour's time the beat landed Mr Coles again, who, as he passed us, stopped to shaki hands with the Lieutenant, who had again joined ue bringing his own glass with him. " . Most interesting case,' said the vicar. ' I neve saw a mah more completely prostrated by grief ; poo fellow ! his wife "dead-just tbree days-only bee: mairied two years 1 I never witnessed more sympath exhibited for any One than the whole crew expresse towards him : to see it was quite charming. The ma with those large buttons is a good, honest, sailor-lik fellow, with the tenderest of hearts. I'was deeply ita teresttcl in all the particulars of the young woman' death, which he told me. He ended by bbs'eechin me, to persuade the skipper to bury his wife, as th crew can't bear a dead body on board ship, arid th skipper, he'says, is 'almost always sitting and cryin by it. I could not help agreeing with him that it wo no uiekeeping the poor woman above ground. ,' " ' And what have you settled to do?' Baid th Lieutenant, returning his glass into its case. ' " ' Why, of course; the thing was Tather irreguhi but, tisdall the men on board seemed'very anxiou about it, I told the skipppr.' poor fellow, who seeme as overcome:by grief as any man I ever met, that, if h liked I would perform the last rites over his poe young wife this i ery afternoon; At first, as I was toi to expect, he would not hear of the funeral, Ukin place anywhere but nt Newcastle, his home, but af « , some persuasion, he yielded the point, and the th¡n it all settled ; so, as I must.tell the sexton to prepai ti grave by half^past three, I must not talk any longet tnd, really, the scene I have just come from makes rr feel that I should like to be alone for a tithe. I ai most thankful to say that the conversation I had wit 'he poor fellow has done much to make him rfesignpt He had heard t-f me often before, he said, and ou h table I noticed my little tract on Resignation, whic he told me, to use his own words, bad been as balm : hin wounded spirit. Very gratifying, was it no1 Good morning to you, my dear Lieutenant ; gne morning, my good men,' he added,' aa wc raised oi caps to him, and saw .his kindly face turn towan home. ..-VA " Before long the bell b?gan to toll. and'as I we home to my iiinneT I saw, the '»»exton hard at,.work thc grave, which, at the skipper's request, was'to 1 made on the aide nearest the sea ana, . v from th© ?village, since he told the vicar it wo- '.a ba so comfort- ing, when his ship passed by Elruin, . to seB the Bpot .where his Mary Ann was sleeping.' "The report that there was to be a funeral from the strange ship in the offing, spread like wildfire through, the village; and half au hour , before the body was to leave the ship, the.oliff wai crowded by the villagers, ¡ the women with their shawls tied over their head», i leading their children by. their hands.. ! ' V Futierais aie always' a great' attraction to our people, but since the last Earl at the castle, was buried none had caused so much interest'as this. ' '''Poor Bkipper. Darley 1' says my old woman, « won't he'feel lonesome, just, when he gets back to> hiB Bhip without his missus ?' ; " ' Werry,' says I, ' no doubt ; he ain't been mar- ried more nor two years.' Lor what a good sort,of * female she must have been, all the crew seemso fond of her ; look you hère, old, lady, through the glass. D'ye see the figure-head of the vessel yonder ?' ' ' Yes,' says she, resting the glass on my shoulder ; . a figure of a woman in a green gown and yaller hair. .«.'« That.bie no doubt, an exact likené3s'of Mary Ann, Darley,' says I, ' it's a very common plan that, and as old Cap'n Bist, as commanded the 'Tilda years ago, used tb Say : "Whenever* I folio ws my wife, I goes right;' as I sticks'. her at' theend of'my wessel,, the 'Tilda allers go'es right.'* ' " ' Lor !* says my wife, again looking, through the glass, 'how beautiful Mrs. Mary'.Anri Darley must have been ! Never did I's'ee such a bust, hair, and heanings. They are coming at last, the boats are being let down.' ? " The church bells tolled sadly through the' keen frosty air, and there was not a heart among all those on the cliff that did not feel the deepest sympathy for the widowed skipper. " Slowly, and with a long measured stroke,- came the two boat», into the first of which we had noticed the coffin being lowered. " The' bier had been taken down to the shore, so, when they had all landed, the coffin was placed upon it, and borne up the gangway by four of the crew. "The other four came behind; the skipper, who appeared dreadfully agitated, lent heavily on the arra of the man with the big buttons, his fice buried in his handkerchief, from which at times we could hear a deep1 sob. ? ' ¡ j , " Up the little street the procession went, and ameng all the women there was not an eye that was not filled with tears. , - ".'Poor fellovy V said my wife, 'he do take on terrible, to be sure, that he certainly does. How; kind his friend seemB to hiod, 'bàint he crying just -a'little too V ? . :.. ' "Mr. Coles met them at the chureh gate, and with, some sixty others they entered, the church ; 1 arid my wife stood at the corner of the yard and waited till they came out ; which they did before long, and the coffin was lowered into the grave as the clo'ok'ceased to'chime four. ' '','?': :: '',''.' :.\\{ "After it was all over, Mr. Coles went up and shook hands, in his kind way, with the «kipper, and tried to console him. Much he seemed to require comforting, poor fellow ! " ' Just let me look once more at my Mary Hann's coffin,-one more look at Mary Hanû Parley's grave afore they fills it up for ever." . \' . ' "'Come along, poor mate,' said his friend,,.« and don't take on BO terrible ; I have spoke to the kind wicar,.and he says he will see to the mqnùmint being erected right, when you sends the design frómNew castle. Only think, how comforting it will be, when you be a-eailing along past this here1 place with coals, tobe able just to look through the glass and say, .I can seé the placé where, underneath an illigant tomb, rests Mary Hann Darley, what was so very dear to me as. a wife and all those who knowéd her ax a sister.' " These words seemed to have a comforting effect on the mind of the widower, who suffered himself to be.led away, saying, intones which deeply, moved uss all, 'Bless you. good wicar, what wrote that tract, which alone prevents me following my Mary Hann to the grave broken-'arted.' " The bell began once more to toll, as the sexton filled up the grave, and hid from the admiring sight of the boyBtherowB of brass hails, which told that, Mary Ann Darley was cut off at the early age of twenty six. " ' Cut off as a tulip,' said the sexton, who always? improved the occasion to the bystanders ; ' and her husband remains as an ostrich alone in the desert; and how I wonders he did not have a brick grave, which would have made, her comfortable, and been 2s.'4d. into ,my breeches'pockets, which, as my wife has twins again, would be acceptable-very.' "'Bless ye, John,' "Bays my old woman, as we walked home, 'I don't know what ye would do with- out your missus, to get your meals ready and take the insides out of fishes, nor I without my old man ; and it's thinking of this that makes me feel so sad about this poor, young man as his lost his Mary Ann, which must have been very beautiful, if she was any way like the figure on the ship, ' which was most pleasing as seen'through your glass.' ' . " I had that evening, I remember, left a net on the sea-shore, and as I passed the coast-guard station 1 saw the Lieutenant was watching the ship, which had not yet started. He called me up into the guardroom, whete he was seated. "Bill," says he to me, " three of my men unfortunately are at Darling this week. ; I must have at least five men to-night ; so, if you wish. to earn a, good night's wages, be, down at my' house before eight this evening." > "Before the appointed time I was at the Lieutenant's hpusé ; four of the coast-guard were.seated round the kitchen fire, each armed with a musket and cutlass^ *.' ' This is for you.' said the Lieutenant/ handing me a cutlass and long pistol ; " now follow me."!' '.? " ' "Where are we to, go to ?' said I to the man with whom I had to walk. "'To church,'says he. ' ' ; . ' " * ïô.chuîch r' says I. " What a rum go !" " ' A mm go, indeed,' says he ; only it's orders not to talk, so don't ax no more questions.' "It was a clear night, and the frosty tombstones looked like ghosts as we entered the church, ¡the key of which the Lieutenant had got. In a few minutes we were scated round the stove in the vestry, which we had lighted. A window was just opposite; and where I was sitting I could. see the light bf the Btrange ship in the offing, and a few yards before us was the new-made grave of the skipper's wife.'. '"I think we must haye sat more than three.hours, when I noticed the light on the ship, which it was my tum to watch, moving; and through the night-glass I could see that a boat was being lowered into the sea. I called the attention of the Lieutenant to this fact, who said, ' All right, I thought so ; but, as they won't think of landing nearer than the ruins we shalL have to wait soine time yet, I'll be bound.' "In less than an hour after this, just as the clock wes chiming twelve, I distinctly 'saw four figures clambering over; the ohurch wall. Two of them stopped short and hid themselves under the shadow of an old tombstone, evidently to keep watch. The other'two, keoping'as much as poisible out of the moonlight, advanced to the new-made grave before the window. ' ' ,'j" I can't tell you my horror, when I saw the two ,'méni whom! recognised as the skipper and his friend with the big ^buttons, proceed tb take off their coats and set to work with shovel and pickaxe to open the grave. ', :' '?.'', .'".''.' .' ' ^"He can't make up his mind to leave his dest wife, arter all,' 1 whispered to the man next me, who was carefully examining the priming of his musket.' " 'Don't talk, you fool,' says he ; * let him have his wife if he likes. Remember, Bilence is orders, and no lights.' " For another three quarters of an hour we sit quieter than ever. 'Now's tho time,' says the Lieu- tenant, ' they're Utting the coffin out. You, John, and George Pankard, go through the south door, and mind you cut them off if they try to get through the villBge gate; don't use y»ur muskets unless you caa help it, but don't let them' get away. New you three .opier* come with me ; directly I open the vestry door, lush out and handcuff them before they, have time to get up from the coffin, which they ute now opening. Are you ready,' says the Lieutenant, jack- ing his pistols. : 'Now then here goes, and'look sharp.' With a loud crack flew open the vestry d ior, ¡ and out we rushed ; and before the two men had time to ri»e from their knees they were safely secured with the handcuffs we had brought with us. '"Very neatly done,' said the Lieutenant, as in a . few seconds' time John comes up to say that they bad I secured both the other men. I " ' Take tho coffin to the station-house,' sud the Lieutenant ; and so we did, and opened it at oncp. In it, instead pf the young wife with the yellow hair, we found a large collection of silks, tobacco, and other contraband goods. The clever rascals had hit ujpbn. ; this plan of getting their things on shore, kubwliig how strict the officers were in looking over every;,bóx: that was landed. "'Ah','' BBid'the Lieutenant, wt be finished over- hauling the coffin,;'I expected asmuch: directly TB aw , that artful scoundrel with the,'big' buttons, I ' felt almost sure I had.seen him before ; and no w I know ; it's hp other than the man who took, me in iso 'cleverly ; ten yearB ago when'I ¿ad the commandJaVöarling ; . but I'm equal with hint now, anyhow.?'"*;,' . RANDOLPHE -PIGOTT; > I, - Once «. Week. ' . . .>..» » , (".«*>....> .»',", 