WARWICK. (FGOSI ODB OWN* C0BBESP0NDENT.) Antrost 12tli. 186*. Ik your issue of the 4th instant, under tbe Parliamentary news, We noticed the follow ing moreeau. which reflects credit on our representative's ' lost virginity of speech :' *? Mr. IVienlioit took tbe opportunity to state that tlio ruquisiticn made to him to resign, -ras a manufactured document, many : of the signatures were furgetics; and that it had been forced onwards by the member for Pert Curtis. He emphatically denied having ever pledget) himself to resign, and hud called on the Editor of the Wancick Wail with reference to a statement iu that paper to the effect that be bad done so, when that gentleman expressed his regret that such a mistake should have crept into his paper.' Never was there uttered a jnore Eiarefaced and irlariiifr n)is^erjitj-moii^ of facts than the passage just quoted. It caanot be applicable tu tbe requisition of the people of Warwick calling on him to resign. In his heart he knows it. It is, however, so far useful, as it fnr- ? nislies a perfect description of the i attempt now being made by a few of his ; own mercenary followers, to manufacture a \ spnrious requisition calling oh him tu retain j the position iuto which be crept, by cunn \ ing and chicanery. Any shadow of excuse I founded either on truth or its opposite Wienlioit' TiieSiiit requisition 3lliag-OB him to resign was left unanswered, hoping that the demand would not be repeated. It was, however, repeated, and Mr. Wien boll's next alternative was to have recourse to the ingenuity of his ' friends ' to trump up a counter requisition to our second one. Imping by this means to bare tbe merit, at least of being regarded as 'member for the minority.' Though in unscrupulous hands the expedient, however, has not succeeded to bis expectations, and the necessity of saying something in defence of his conduct becoming* daily more urgent, he has now come forth, iu the presence of gentlemen with most of whom be should not associate, with the nublnsbing statement we have quoted. He invokes tiie ghost of the Warwick Mail to support his assertion ; on the principle of dt mortuit nil nisi bonum. we will say no more of that extinct journal than, that it is neither missed nor mourned ; and yet. with all its faults, we are more charitably disposed towards it than Mr. Wienholt, who would make it accountable in tlie other world for sins which it never committed in this. With regard to the assertion, that it was through the instigation of the member for Port Curtis that we got up the requisition, I bave only to say that it is perfectly on true ; and that it was tlie envy and malice, which the well-merited character of that gentleman has created in Mr. Wienholt's miud, that has elicited the unworthy re mark. If tlii« were a duelling age, I would suggest to Mr. Douglas a very efficient mode of obtaining saUsikction. and ,as snre him that there is not a man in Warwick ' who would not gladly offer himself as ' second '. to any opponent ot Mr. Wienholt. If we show such 'deadly enmity to this individual lie has himself to blame. ? It was he who provoked the war of ill-feeling by bis continued and persistent opposition to our interests ; but, thongh he may now insult ns with impunity, we trust the time may come when the reckoning between 4iim and bis constituents will bo cleared off. For the full gratification vt our revenge, we would wish to see him present himself again in our Town Hall for onr re presentation. That woold be the most appropriate place, as it was there be made the Very- pledges that he now denies. ---It iras (here iu requested tbe people of War. rick to boot him -fl quote his very words) through their streets, in whatever day he should refuse to resign their representation when it was their wish and interest that he should do so. The people of Warwick do not forget this, nor are they likely, should an opportunity offer, to forgot to inflict tin) very chastisement he recommended. I would have selected local gossip of « more agreeable natnre for die. snhjectuf my pre sent commnnicalioD. were it not that this matter came too prominently before the public, aud -that .by omitting tnnotice it I would not i-« reflecting tbe feelings and opi nions of the people of, Warwick. .. The gigbt .Bev.Dr. fttuon, accompanied by Father Golding. arrived bent on the 29th ultimo. The occasion of his visit was, partly, to Ja.y,tha corner atone of the new Cathnlij; Cbureh, Thecenmooy was de ferred to the loth insUmt, though it was pre viously Arranged .for the 7th. In my next I will give jou an account of the proceed mgfjntxtauo. ? ? ? ' An accident, which we bope is m no senons nature, though |t had caused A good deal of anxiety at the time, has happened to the eldest eon of J. Oxeuham, Esq. It was oc casioned by » fall from tlie joists of the new bonses lately erected near the river. - ' 