The debasement of the English language by ' slang' forms the subject of a masterly ar ticle in one of the latest numbers of the linvue des Deux Mondcs, and it is interesting to find such a topic treated with such con spicuous and with such a comprehensive knowledge of the corrupt phraseology ani madverted upon, by a French writer. Very few literary men in England would be so thoroughly at home in tracing the origin and defining the meaning of the . French argot, as M. Forgues proves himself to be, when investigating the nature, the sources, and the philological relationships of our cant words and slang expressions. The 'flash' language of thieves, and the ' patter'' of professional mendicants, are shown to- be largely composed of words borrowed from foreign vocabularies. Thus, bounq (a purse) is derived from the Frisian pong ; commission (an under garment) from the Italian camiccia ; grannam (provender) from the Latin granum. ; lag (water) from the Spanish I'agua ; ken ? (a house or inn) from the Ori ental khan ; and to bash a donna (to beat a woman) from the Italian battere una donna, which has precisely the same signification ; while gent (money) is an obvious abbreviation of the French argent, just as a demirep is the ellipsis of demi-reputation. Most of these words are probably indebted for their collection and diffusion to the gypsies, whose nomadic habits would favor this object, and the gradual incorporation of such exotics with our mother tongue would be promoted by the eagerness with which people belonging to the lower strata of society in England seize upon outlandish phrases, and employ them in season and out of season, without much regard either to their correct pronunciation or to their exact meaning. So long as they roll in the mouth and are sonorous to the ear, their use seems to communicate as much pleasure to the speaker as the frequent introduction of Mesopotamia in the parson's sermon did to the unlettered old woman who sat under him. ^ Another description of slang is indebted for its adoption and its popularity to the love of tropes and figurative expressions which is so prevalent among nearly all classes of society. Hence the almost innumerable sy nonyms of money — a bean, a canary, a rag, a flimsy, a hog, a cart-wheel, a bob, a brown, a mag, a posh and a rap ; the shiners, the yellow-boys, pewter, tin, ochre, the rhino and the brads. Hence, too, the variety of sub stitutes for the adjective 'drunk,' as, for example, slewed, blued, hazy, foggy, mooney, sewed-up, overtaken, screwed, tight, whittled, nappy, half-seas over, raddled, three sheets in the wind, corned, itc. ; to say nothing of such ' odorous comparisons' as the follow ing : — Drunk as a lord, drunk as a pedlar, drunk as an owl, drunk as a piper, and drunk as a- wheelbarrow. Indeed, human ingenuity has almost exhausted itself in the invention of slang epithets by which to characterise this vice ; as if to diminish its repulsiveness by associating it with humorous ideas. Then there is the slang of the professions. Among Churchmen we have the high and dry, the low and slow, and the broad and shallow Among stock and share brokers, a zoological nomenclature which includes bulls and bears, stags and lame ducks. On the stage we find the star, the stick, and the super ; the paternal character of the manager is expressed by the familiar ' daddy and when the finances of the theatre are so im poverished that no salaries are forth coming on the pay night, the fact is solemnly signified by the metaphorical an nouncement that ' the ghost does not walk.' The prize ring has a copious slang vocabu lary of its own, highly figurative and coarsely expressive ; although much of it is falling into desuetude, owing to the improvement which has taken place in the character of the sporting journals in the mother country ; while it is curious to observe how many English words, relating to horse racing, are being engrafted on the French language ; although their permanent incorporation with it may be well doubted. Some of the re cent novels by admirers of le sport are as thickly larded with italicised words imported from Great Britain, as the fictions of Theo dore Hook, and the silver-fork school, used to be with phrases borrowed from the French. But the American people are the most in dustrious manufacturers of slang ; and of fantastic and grotesque expressions which are so closely allied to, as to be scarcely distin guishable from, it. Many of these appear to owe their origin to the national fondness for emphasis and exaggeration in speech. To bo ' knocked into a cocked hat,' to ' keep a ' stiff upper lip,' to be ' pretty considerable well,' to ' pull up stakes,' to ' raise one's ' bristles,' to be ' savage as a meat axe' (in the sense of extremely hungry), to be in ' an all fired hurry,' to ' cut up shines,' to be ' done gone,' to ' fix one's flint,' to be ' slick as a whistle,' to be ' fizled out,' to ' stand up to the rack,' and to be ' too ' big for his breeches,' all come within this category. On the other hand, many Ame rican words which pass for slang expressions were derived from the rural districts of Eng land, just as the nasal intonation of the ' Yankee ' may be traced to the early set tlers from Norfolk and Suffolk, where you may still hear it among the peasantry, so that a farm laborer from the neighborhood of the Lynn Wash might, so far as his voice is concerned, be very readily mistaken for a teamster from New England or Vermont. Considering the composite character of our own population, and the tendency which all new communities evince to travel outside the dictionary in communicating their thoughts, the ordinaiy language of Australian society is very slightly corrupted by slang ; and we must pay our brethren of the provincial press the compliment to say that they have done much to prevent the deterioration of our noble mother-tongue. The more respectable and influential of our country contemporaries write good Saxon English, and model their style cn that of the journalists in the parent State. By so doing they give a tone to current conversation, to public oratory and private discussion, in the districts in which their papers circulate. They are thus, to some extent, in common with the conductors of the metropolitan press, custodians of the ' pure well of English ' undefiled ; ' and to maintain it so is a duty especially incumbent upon all who are capable of appreciating its vigor, its variety,, its wide range of expression, its flexibility, its dignity, and its adaptability to all the uses for which a language is required. A people's language reflects a people's character ? and to preserve the former in its integrity will necessarily redound to tho credit of the latter. 