GREAT IMEN IN ENOLAND AND AMERICA.-Mlahattan observes .1-" Your great men in England have the advan tage of ours. A peer has property, and is not obliged to get by hook or crook the means to live. Hero if a man has talent but no money, how is he to get along ? He has to steal or help himself until ho gets money and can afford to be honest and virtuous. Rich men do not go into politics. Their ambition grows with what it feeds on. Astor does nothing but get. So with 30,000,000, lie wants 30 more. Stewart has a little more ambition; he not only wants to be richer than Astor, but lhe wants to do the largest wholesale and retail dry goods business in the world. So it is all the way down to the 25,000 chaps that have got 50,000 dollars only. 'They all slave, slave, slave closer and work lIarder than the worst worked slave in South Carolina. They get up at eight, breakfast, go down town about ten, work steadily until five p.m., lunching down town. At six they dine and drink freely until eight. Then go out to soeic place whore they can liquor until twelve and one am., then stagger home and go to bed, to get up and go through the same routine until they get old, or until high living induce delirium tremems or apoplexy, and they go to the grave, theirtdeath of as little consequence and scarcely more different one from the other than is that of one of 25,000 ants in an ant-hill. This is our highest or aristocratic class. : There are some excep tions. Some of them live and have a higher aim. Of this large mass of com mercial talent not one in a thousand have any education higher than the counting-house or store. Some few, like Wood, break away from business, and be come framed in political life, but the in stances in this city in fifty years are so few that I can enumerate them upon my ten fingers. Refore the war of 1812 all our leading men were merchants. So it was, too, in the revolutionary years." SKETCHO o GENERAL LEE.-General Lee is, almost without exception, the. handsomest man of his age I ever saw. He is fifty-six years old, tall, broad shouldered, very well made, well set up -a thorough soldier in appearance, and his manners are most courteous and full of dignity. He is i' perfect gentleman in every respect. Iimagino no man has so few enemies, or is so universally es teemed. Throughout the South all agree in pronouncing him to -be as near per fection as a man can be. He has none of the sinall vices, such as smoking, drinking, chewing, or swearing, and his bitterest enemy, never accused him of any of the greater ones. :He generally wears a well-worn long grey jacket, ahigh black felt hat, and blue trousers tucked into his Wellington boots. ý'I never saw him carry arms; and thg only mark of his military rank are three stars on his collar. In the old army he was,always considered one of the best officers; and at the outbreak of these troubles he was Lieutenant Colonel of the 2nd Cavalry. He was a rich man, but his fine estate wits one of the first to fall into the enemy's hands. I believe ho has never slept in a house since he has com manded the Virginian army, and he in variably declines all offers or hospitality, for fear the person offering it may after wards get into trouble for having shel tered the rebel general. The relations between him and Longstreet are quite touching; they are almost always togo ther. Longstreet's corps complain of this sometimes, as they say that they seldom get a chance of detached service, which falls to the lot of Ewell. It is impossible to pleise Longstreet more than by praising Leo. I believe these two generals to be as little ambitious and as thoroughly un selfish as any men in tie world... Both long for a successful termination of the war, in order that they may retire into obscurity. Stonewall Jackson (until his death the third in the command of their army) was just such another simple minded servant of his country. It is un derstood that general Leo is a religious man, but not so demonstrative in that respect as Jackson ; and, uiilike his late brother in arms, lie is a member of the Church of England. His only faults, so far as I can learn, arise from his exces sive amiability. A CONFEDERATE PORTRAIT OF PRESI DENT LINcoN.-The /Cattanooga Re bel thus sketches President Lincoln: "Abraham Lincoln is a man above the medium height. He passes the six foot mark by aie inch or two. He is raw boned, shamble-gaited, bow-legged, knock kneed, pigeon- toed, swob-sided, a shape less skeleton in a very tough, very dirty, unwholesome skin. His hair is or was black and shaggy, his eye dark and fireless like a coal. grate in winter time. His lips aire large, and protrude beyond the natural level of the face, but aro pale and smeared with tobacco juice. His teeth are lilthy. In our juvenile days we were struck witl Virgil's description of the ferryman who rowed the disembodied souls of men over the river of deatlh. Lincoln, if our memory fatils us not, must be a near kindsm'an of thlat oiticial of the other world. At all events they look alike, and if a relationship be claimed when Abraham reaches the ferry, lie will be able, we do not doubt, to go over free of toll. In the next place his voice is coarse, untutored, harsh-the voice of one who has no intellect, and less moral nature. His manners are low in the ex treno, and,,where his talk is not obscene, it is senseless. In a word, Lincoln, born and bred a rail-splitter, is a rail-splitter still. Bottom, the weaver, was not more out of place in the lap'of Titania than he on the throne of the ex-republic. And this is the man who, incapable of a stronger or higher inspiration than that of revenge, aspires to be master of the South, as lie is of the enslaved and slavish North. This is the man who bids armies rise and fight, :.d commands and dismisses generals at wt Thisis the man who proclaims (as seit could only do).the equality of the races,. black and white. This is the man who incites servile insurrection, ordains plun der, and encourages rapine. This is the man who trembles not at the horrible butchery which heaven will call him to answer for, yet quakes like an aspen at the approach of peril to his own pour car case. This is the man, in fine, who has been selected by the powers of evil as the only fit representative in all America to do such dark deeds as the dark ages only know, deeds which civilisation blushes to record, and men in other lands refuse to credit. Kneel down and kiss his Royal feet, men of tle South." \ ,. Di.AT.v OF NliAlLY A WHIOLE FAMILY FROM. EATING ToADSTOOLr.-At a nice cot tage in Conislon, on the rqad towards Tiberthwaite, and not far fronj the clnrch, resided Mr. and Mrs. Deiue and their family, consisting of four children. They were natives of Devonshire or Cornwall, and Mr. Deuto's occupation was that of superintending some of the operations con nected with copper mines. During their residence in Comaton they have gained tle estoeemof their neighbors. On Saturday, the 12th of September, John Deuto, a fine boy of twelve, went into the neighboring woods to seek nuts. Hoe came upon a large bed of what he supposed to be mushrooms. Knowing his father's fondness for them, le returned home and got his sister Amelia (a fine girl of sixteen) to accompany him back to the spot where the supposed mush rooms grow. They gathered a quantity, and on their reaching homo their father selected twenty or thirty to be stowed for supper; when supper time came, iMr. Deute, who was rather unwell, did not fincy the dish, but Mrs. Deuto, Amelia, and John partook of them. During the night Mrs. Deute became porly, and on Sunday was. worse, and the doctor was. called in. Anmlia attended church in. the morning, and though suffering Trom uncomfortablo sensations, went to clhpel in the evening. The sequel can bo told in afew words. \lhat they thought to be mushrooms were toadstools. Mrs. Deute died on Tuesday, Amelia on Thursday, and John on Friday, and on Saturday afternoon at four o'clock tleyworolaid,'side by side, in one grave, in Coniston' Churchyard. A Paris lettbr states that the Empress never appears twice in the sami dress, but changes the material and the colour every day. She has set the fashion of dressing from head to foot in the same colour. If brown be chosen, then everything is brown -bonnet, shawl, dress,.parasol, and boots. Her Majesty seems to. give her' mind to dressing. .t is said that in tle fiont centre of the ceiling of her.dressing room there is a trap door; opening into a spacious hall above filled with " presses," each contain ing ca dress exhibited on; a frame, looking like an elligy'of the Empress herself. Ina part of these presses there is a little railway leading to' the door, through which the dressed efligy desccnds:ihto.the presnce of the Empress. If it please hber 2ajc3,, the dressis liftedfrom the frame and placed upon the imperial: person: if not, if is whipped up, and another-comes down in its place, and perhaps another and another. A snocK of an earthquake was felt at twenty minutes pastthroo o'clock, on Tues day morning, October 6, all over England, from Cheshire to Ke t. - Houses, &c.;, were shaken, but nothing ieriois happened. Thi Times of this week has been full of reports of the shock. It appcars as if in Christian England but little good is wrought-by the spread of' knowledge and rilways and that we are living, in the midst of a,: barbarous super stition as groat as over disgraced the ignorant and perished ages of sorcery and. witchcraft. Spirit-rappings, table-turnings ghost exhibitions, are all. silly and absurd enough, but they are unattended with in jury to individuals. At Castle Hedingham, in Essex, occurred, at the commencement. of this month, the death of it poor, afflicted. deaf and dumb old Frenchman. of eighty,. who had been put to doith-litcrally put to death-by his neighbors, all belong ing to the small shop-kceping class, who had supposed him to be a wizard on account ofhis infirmities, his grotesque gestures, has eccentricities, and Iis mysterious ways. As the village gossip rmu that he was en dowed with supernatural plowers and could. bhoitchlpeoplo at his will, he was dragged out of a public-house at night and hustled away to abrook, thence to the deeper water of the sluice of a mill-stream, when he was .thrown in and so inhumanly treated that he died a month after this testing of his witch craft-to. see, if thrown into water, he would sink or swim. Even those who are no oxtravligant believers in the enlighten nmnt and progress of tie ago are quite astounded at such an amazing amount of popular ignorance, genuine barbarism, and profound superstition, and to occur, too, In a part of England (North Essex) where it is said that the clergy and the landlods and the people are on the footing of a thorough understanding of each other, and where it is alleged that useful knowledge is difftsed by thloso public and private efforts which are the characteristics of our age.-Liondon Oerres. of Adlelaid Mlail. IMNAGNETIC PIreN OKxoC.-A very cu rious fact is stated by the Alge to have oc curred in connection with the late gales to the southward. The captain of the Silen tiiuml reports that, when abreast of Cape Northluinberland, the sky being very " wild-looking and hazy," all the coimpasses in the ship-eight in niumiber-wore vio lently allected by some magnetic influence, and for a considerable time swiung back wards and forwards from twelve to fifteeni points. Captaii Brayley, of the Gresham, also reporls tihe occurrence of a similar phenomecnon, but cnot to so great an extent, his vessel at, this time being a little to the eastwiard of the Lcuwiu. ELoqcuENXCl. - A windy orator got up once and said, " Sir, afl er Imuch ref"` tion, consideralion, and examination, ihave cahnly and dcliberately, and carefulci tmo to the determlined coInclision, that i-n so cities where t11h population is very largo, tlere are ai greter ulmbelr icr of men, women, and children, than in the Cities where the poplnltion is less." l'rinted by tilce Proprictors J e3 E To i W nESTON CO., anitl l'ublilhlc by ti-cnc at tleu INDE.cEsNDEiT Geclleral 'rinting Ofllco,mariet lSquaro, aliuma. January 5, 1tem. 