TuE MADRAs.-The mail steamer Madras, will roach Hobson's Bay,. this day about three p.m. Part of the Engjish mail, if not the whole, may be expected here by the post of Saturday evening. BAerTIST CHAPEL, HE5TTr-STREET.-It is intimated by advertisement in another column,, that the Baptist Sunday services,. will be conducted by the Rev. H. Guinness, in the Independent Chapel, Tyer's-street,. till the plastering, &c.;,.of the Baptist Chapel is completed.. PORTLAND READING: AssoCIATrOn.-Two. papers were read one Monday night last: the first, "A Physician's Ghost," by Mr. Holmes; the seeond, " Clippers and `team ers," from Judge.Haliburton's 'LNature and Human Nature," by Mr. Goldstein. The readings for next' Monday evening, are, Chemistry and selections from Shakespeare. Ban. HALL. AoGA*.-The Banner has the. following relative to the robbery of the Albury mail, by Ben. Hall.:--' The down mail, which left Albulry on the 24th lnt., when about six miles on the Sydney side of. Jugiong wes. stopped,. it was presumed by B13n Hall and his mate. All: the begs were opened, and the contents. overhauled and ecattered,.after a-selection had been made of their contents. It appears that the stickers. up of- the mail'took from the mail. driver a gold ring,, his watch, and a LI. note;.and from a passenger his s atch and loose cash. They had previously stuck up five persons on, 'the road, and made them go into a gully while the mail passed;. but we should much like to know why five men and the driver and, and mail passengers could not do something, conjoined to prevent this further outrage by two men, for it is stated that there were but. two, namely,. Hall and the old man. The samoe nighlt a station, said to be Mechanchs's near Jugiong, was stuck up and robbed by the same ruffhns." NEW, INSoLv?NTc -W;lliam M'Carthr, of Portland, formerly carrier, now out of em- ployment. Causes ot. Insolveney : Loss of leg by amputation, after being fired at by one John H. Brown, loss. of action brought against the said John Brown. for damages. Liatilities, L196; assets, L:lo0s.; deficiency,. L193 10s. Mr. Shaw, official assignee. TonAcoo.-We learn from. the: Riverine Herald that "the planting season fbr tobacco. is now so fast approaching that. most of the selectors on the.New South: Wales side of the river are preparing for the transplanting of" the incipient weed,. Last year's products were. so favorable that those who then were in the trade have vastly improved their- modes operandi ot culture as well as manutacture; and, profiting by their.example, new comers are flowing in, so that in a short. time it will not be surprising if. we find tobacco one of our staple articles of. export." Tan FLou MlAKrar.-In.the Age telegram. of the 8th, bearing date Sydney, October 7,; we have the following :-The Blanche, from Marseilles, has brought 300 tons..flour, and' the St. Vincent; from? Valparaiso, 10,300 bags of flour, This latter cargo comes on. speculation, and the supercargo refuses intor mation of the state of the markets.. It.hastrans pired that the Novelle Pallino and Statesman. had sailed for the colonies, previously to the departure of the Angus,, which.sailed.oa tha 1st inst. CLARKSON SHALLARD & .Co's AL?.M NAC,. 1865.-This almanac is carefully got up, and contains a great amount of useful, matter,. It gives abstracts of. the Dog. Act, Game Act, Land Act, Quartz Reefs Act, also summary of wharfage rates and gold mining leases. We have the chrono logical tables nicely arranged ; and a re markably useful and well-written article on gardening. The Saxby weather system, and his table of changes for 1865, are incorporated in the work. There is besides, directions for silk culture, and the growth of tobacco. In the year 1865 there will happen four eclipses : two of the sun and two of the moon, none of which will be visible in Victoria :-The first, a partial eclipse of the moon, on the afternoon of April 11; the second, total eclipse of the sun on near midnight, April 25; the third, a partial eclipse of the moon on the morn ing of October 5; the last, an annual eclipse of the sun near midnight, October 19. TRE WssutLY Aa.-We have to ack nowledge receipt of the " Weekly Age " in its new form, incorporated with the " Farmers' Journal," the whole forming a valuable summary of current rews. and literature, with valuable directions and hints to the agriculturist. The "Weekly Age " is an established favourite ;and. the recent addition will render it a hand-book to farmers, and worthy the patronage of the reading public. ELECTORAL ME?ars-The Age, of Saturday last, says :-The hon, the Minister of Mines addressedi the electors of Mandurang at Huntly on Thursday evening last, and entered at length into the mining policy of the Government. The whole of. the returns from Dalhonsie hav ing been received; it is found that Mr. Sands, and not Mr. Young, has been re turned as member for that district. Mr. Henry Miller has been returned without opposition, for the Western Province. It is rumored that Mr. G. G. Morton is likely to stand for Ballaarat West. Mr. John ston has come forward for St. Kilda; and. Mr. Cohen has announced to. the elec tors of East Melbourne his intention of again standing for that, constituency, Writing on the prospects of the elec tion for the North-Western Province, the &Xyneton; Guardian says:-"Mr. Robert son will be likely to meet with a good deal of opposition in this quarter, as, although he is a local man, his voting in the majority that threw out the two Duffy Land Act Amendment Bills, and asserting that noth ing short of auction would satisfy the Council,. as well as his opposing Mr. Fraser's motion for a reform. of the Upper House, will cause a considerable number to vote against him, should an. eligible man take the field and Mr. Robertson not alter his opinions." RvsaEs.RTuaces.--The revenue returns for the colony of Victoria for the' nine months and year ending the 30th of Septem ben last, are published in last" Friday's Go vernment Gazette. The revenue for the nine months ending the 30th ult. shows an in erease, as compared with that of the corresponding period of the preceding year, of £223,332 12s 7d, but is short of the esti.. mate formed by Mr. Verdon by £140,108 2s l-ld. This delciency-, however, is more than accounted for by the'falling off in the land revenue, which amounts to £100,553 Ss Id, and in the railway income which is set down at £51,691 12s. This latter deficiency, however, the railway authorities are of opin ion will be made up before the end of the current year. The customs revenue shows a considerable increase, especially on spirits, which is £37,649 Is 9d above the estimated duty. The quarter ending the 30th Sep tember last shows an increase of £128,925 14s 8d on the corresponding one of last year, and the year ending the same date shows a comparative increase of £151,929 14s. Busnsawoase.-Writing on the frightful prevalence of bushranging across the border, the Post says:-" One thing is very certain, that the present state of anarchy which pre vails must somehow be put a stop to. If the Government of New South Wales cannot even do what has been done in all the Austra lasian colonies-establish an efficient police the first objects for which Governments exist are not attained, we, in the remote districts had better try our hand at governing our selves. If, as is very likely before long, a petition should be sent home to the Imperial Government for separation from New South Wales, it ought not to omit to state that for some years back murder and robbery have been committed unchecked, and the Govern ment of New South Wales looks on idly and does nothing. We are not in favor of the annexation of the border districts to Victoria, but at any rate, in case they were annexed, we should probably have one advantage, and that no mean one, the protection of an eflci eant police." 