THE ANT PLAGUE OF INDIA. (From the 'Madras Athenoeum.') The Governor of St. Helena, when he begged for a recipe to prevent the ravages of white ants, can scarcely have expected that the simple request would call into existence so much inventive genius, so many curious remedies, aud so numerous a brood of contrivers. Vet, as far as we are able to judge, there does not appear to have boon found one specific that will perform what the Governor wants—tbe destruction of the ants. If tlie holes bo plugged up withjvegetable wax, and a sharp lookout be kept for intrusions iu an unwaxed locality, it seems only natural that the white auts, which are not destroyed or injured, should tunnel in another direction, and invade, with tenfold vigour, the neighbouring premises. In the same way with the other schemes AU that they amount to is that, with great vigilance, plenty of vrax, petroleum, or other medicament^ an easy opportunity of examining every portion of floor, roof or beam (how seldom is this the case), aud abundance of tiuie to apply the remedy, some particular building may be largely preserved from the ants. We very much question whether a much simpler remedy, one known to eveiy housewife, nam' " ing boiling water down the beds is not infinitely superior to any of the schemes yet presented to his Excellency of St. Helena. Vigilance with this will succeed but who can be so vigilant as to detect every outbreak or prevent the white pests from performing their favourite trick of of eating away tbe inside of beam or joists before the slightest puncture is made through the polished but flimsy shell which alone remains. We greatly fear that the St Helenese will have to suffer yet longer the evil that has well nigh worn out our patience. Have the ingenious experimenters, who are so sharp at circumventing the white ants, ever thought of watching the operations of a colony? Did they ever notice that it frequently happens that a building that has been infested with white auts becomes suddenly free from them? Have they never broken into the earthen archway made by the persevering masons, and discovered that no masons appear to remain? The habitation is perfect, arch, house, store, all remain as when the clumsy-looking architects bustled through them; but not an individual is left to tell the tale of massacre and death. Have they ever wondered how -it is that we are not overran with white ants to a degree far exceeding the plague of the Atlantic islet? Whether they have or not, others have Jiad the patience to examine into the habits, • the victories, and defeats of the devouring race; j and most interesting is the result of their en- j quiries. Our readers know very well that there are many species of the art. There is, facile princeps, the white ant (we shall eschew learned terms, which could only obscure our remarks) with its clumsy pasty- looking body, not so small at the waist proportiouallyas half the belles of these or former days. Upon his nose is a black spot, marking the whereabouts of those formidable pincers which gnaw through the Lardest wood, aud make notliing of brisk and chuuam. Then there is the great black ant, surely the ugliest beast ever seen, with nothing to, relieve his homeliness (as our Yankee friend says) but a steady good temper, which never allows him to bite the most delicate member o£ the human family. How he scampers about reminding one of the individuals who are always hurrying after some, to them, certain prize, and always remaining empty. Who ever saw a large black ant catch anything, except it were a grain of sugar out of a basin left uncovered by some careless servant? Then there is the small black ant, also a very active individual, but seemingly a most uncompanionable creature for he is never seen jogging in company with a friend or brother. Lastly, and most important for our purpose, is tlie malicious red ant, never better pleased than when griping with all its force at some unfortunate leg or arm. He is a most ferocious beast—the Bengal tiger of the lower creation. That little pinshead of a cranium is all mouth, and opens and shuts like a pair of scissors of the kind used by hedge-cutters, with solemn-looking blades of substantial width aud thickness at the back. They may be seen any day inarching in batallions across the floor or up the avail each, one following close after his leader's tail, and smelling his way on. If the creatures have eyes at all, they very seldom use them, for they will pass within the sixteenth of au inch of a delicate morsel and take 110 notice of it. These little red-headcl, black-tailed insects tied together with slenderest of red necks or bodies (which is it ?), are the salvation of India and Indians from a white ant tyranny. The World does not present a more unequal contest, as far as the size of the combatants is concerned, where the tiny morsel of an assailant attacks so bravely, fights so skilfully and conquers so readily, than when the little red ant meets a white one. Those in search of excitment we can recommend to watch an < attack upon a white ant community. Suppose, 1 for instance, the destroyers have taken pos- j session of a'piece of wood lying upon the ground I an active young red in his travels happens to j discover it, and falls foul of a white. With the ferocious agility of a tiger he immediately opens his jnw and throws himself upon the enemy—a little row-boat boarding a threedecker. His favourite device is to drop upon the white just behind the head seize liim in tho belly, throw his tail over tbe enemy's back out of the way of the white's jaws, and then bite at the vitals without possibility of defeat. But the white is a sturdy foe. Immediately he feels the thrust of the red's jaws he usually makes a conclusive leap, sometimes to a considerable distance, and then rolls over and over, intending to crush his assailant or make him relax his hold. Very seldom does tbe ruse succeed, for no leech ever clings tighter than a red ant. After a short struggle, a fit of trembling proves that the white is becoming exhausted. In a little while more I10 falls over 011 his back, violently working his legs and antennaj. A few more struggles and tremblings and the fight is over, when the red marches off victoriously, pushing his gigantic fallen foe before liim till he enters iu triumph the gates of his own habitation. Often, however, it happened that the dej,d Goliath is too heavy for the puny David to carry off. Not to be disappointed of his booty, he calls to his assistance a brother red. They proceed in the most business-like manner, to bite off the head, and anatomise the body of the white, till it is divided into portions easy of con%'cyance, when each walks off with a piece. We should have mentioned that the first who discovers the prize hastens back to the rest to publishes his tidings, and presently comes forth again the leader of a myriad, and it is the exploits of any individual of the myriad that we have been describing. The reds are, however, sometimes defeated, for, if by accident, wheu they come near a white, they happen to be athwart his nose, the white brings down his pair of shears and nips the red across the loins. In such a case there is no hope for the red. After a decent amount of struggling, the red allows himself to be cut in two, aud give up the ghost, permitting the victor to make a show of the disjecta membra. It is, however, quite touching to sec the evident fear of the whites during the attack. If out of their hole, they run from side to side in the utmost trepidation. Foes are on every hand, and they know it. Usually, however, at the first alarm they rush to their holes. The Hector and Acliillcs of their number station themselves at the entrance, with stretcliedout necks bearing at their extremities bayonet-looking pin^ra and bristling antennas. With nothiug but bayonets and bristles out- Presently, when a red appears, the neck is suddenly outstreached still more, and the rattling of the bayonct6 among the legs of the red bid him decamp. If, unfortunately, the head should bfe outside, not all the bravety of the white Achilles- can save him. Bilt we have never seen a narrow veil-defended hole captured by a red folorn hope. We have omitted many interesting details for want of space, or we could have told of the self-evident elation of the reds, of their different modes of warfare, of the engineering skill of the whites and their untiring perseverance. One thing is certain, viz, that to the red ants we are more or less indebted for our comparative freedom from their white brethern, If we could send a few red Queens to St Helena we should provide no . slight assistance for the destruction of the ant plague. Lours NAPOLEON'S ESCAPE FBOM HAM.— Duriug the residence of Prince Napoleon in this country, he was upon the most friendly and daily visiting terms with the inmates of Gore House, Lady Blessington, Court d'Orsay, and the Misses Power ; aud, I believe, they were the only parties in this countiy who were cognisant of the Prince's affair at Boulogne; the which resulted in disaster and imprisonment. But his escape from captivity is invested which romantic interest. It was during his incarceration tiiat the Prince began his celebrated work 011 labour. ' The captive Prince had a faithful follower and friend in the person of his valet, Charles, and this attached creature obtained permission of the Governor, to reside within the fort, to tend to the wants of his loved master. Charles was not under restraint, the Governor allowing liim free egress and ingress at all times. At that period the fort was invested by a numerous body of workmen repairing the decayed and crumbling walls of the great prison, On several occasions, when the work-people retired at mid-day to the town for the dinner hour, the faithful valet, Charles, was in their midst, and what struck him with great surprise was, that tbe work-people passed in and out without giviug any countersign to the sentinels on duty. Therefore, Charles conceived the idea, that if he could obtain possession of one of tlu worker's dresses, it would facilitate the cscape of his captive chief. He indicated to the Prince his idea, relating all the events before mentioned. The Prince being impressed with the imparted notion, they began to mature their plans for es caping from bondage. Tlie dress having been procured, the persevering valet communicated the design to a few staunch friends of the Prince; among whom was the devoted Count Persigny, who, with the others, had been awaiting in the town, incognito, the current of events. The anxious day arrived. The workmen were employed in removing building materials from the fort. On the right shoulder of tho fugitive Prince was placed a plank that completely masked the countenance of the retiring one from the sentinels' observation. Tho well- matured scheme culminated most successfully. A passport under a feigned name was "obtained for him by his trusted friends, by which means the escaped man crossed the frontier into Belgium, ultimately arriving in England, to the great joy of all his friends, none more sincere than the inmates of Gore House.—' Recollections and W Wanderings of Paul Bedford .' ? 