A Contribution by Pope's Ghost. FREIND: But once a week, old boy, you show in print, And when you come, the mob see nothing in't. No lying slanders in your pages shine, To grace with pungent circumstance each line; No hurtful hints, no stabs behind the back, No private character you hew and hack; And people say, whene'er I walk the city, You're far too nice and moral to be witty. Decay of parts, alas! we all must feel. Why now, this moment, don't I see you steal? 'Tis from the Herald; it long before ye Said "Tories call me Whig, and Whigs a Tory:" That journal, sir, is delicate and nice, And all men know it never lashes vice; It's sly, obscure, insinuating style, Can please in halls where ancient fogies smile; But, faith, your very friends will soon be sore, Many there are who wish you'd jest no more. And where's the glory? 'twill be only thought, The Premier never offered you a groat. Go, call on him at Clarens— PUNCH: Call on MAR—N! hum! And never laugh, for all my life to come? Seen him I have, but in his happier hour Of social pleasure, ill exchanged for power; Seen him, uncumber'd with the venal tribe, Smile without art, and win without a bribe: When DALG—H never follow'd in his train, And trimmed his fluttering sail in hope to gain A hold o'er WHIT—N in that lofty place Which luckless HOL—YD managed to disgrace: Would he oblige me? let me only find He does not think me what he thinks mankind. Come, come, at all Punch laughs he laughs, no doubt, The only difference is, Punch dares laugh out. FRIEND: Why yes: with EAG—R still you may be free, A horse-laugh, if you will, whene'er you see That smug accountant, rais'd to dizzy height, With dreadful blunders, all his friends affright. A joke on Dr. L—G, or some old prig, Who never changed his dodges, or his wig: These nothing hurts: their hides are so well tann'd They'd scarcely tingle with a red-hot brand. PUNCH: Dear sir, forgive the prejudice of youth— Adieu, the charms of satire and truth! Come, harmless rhymers that in print appear, Whene'er the Herald has an inch to spare; Come, HARPUR, come, with thy melodious verse, That even critics fondly will rehearse; The spirit stirr'd by lofty KENDALL'S lyre Still mounting heav'nward, like a smoky fire; The gracious dew of HALLORAN'S mild sense, That sometimes tires, but never gives offence, And all the taste and spirit that allure In thy warm stanzas, gifted SHERRY MOORE! Then might I sing without the least offence, And all I said should be the nation's sense; I'd teach the melancholy muse to mourn, Hang a sad epitaph on HOL—YD'S urn, And hail his passage to the land of rest With anger'd MAR—IN'S imprecations blest! FRIEND: Why so? if Satire knows its place, You still may lash the greatest—in disgrace; For office will by turns desert them all, And you may laugh at pleasure o'er their fall. But let your satire couple in a leash Those two mad fools, B----N and D-------H. Silent and swift, as fruits that fall when rotten, All ties dissolved and every friend forgotten, These may some gentle minister of earth, Receive and place for ever in a berth: There, where no pride can madden or dismay, Lull'd with the sweet nepenthe of their pay: There, where no crafty Premier's swift disgrace May break their rest with loss of look'd-for place. PUNCH: Good heaven forbid that I should blast their glory Who value equally the Whig and Tory. Have I, in silent wonder, seen such things As midnight often to yon club-house brings: Seen Ministers forget the cares of State, And o'er their nobblers racy jokes relate, Or wile away the tedious hours at Loo, In hopes some inexperienced friend to do. And shall I then in virtuous anger fret Because another, desperate with debt, Sells, like a Faust, his conscience for a fee, And makes some venal schemer a J.P.? Ye Gods! shall one from no stern satire shrink, Swear like a trooper, like a fiddler drink: Another, all the arts of bribery try And each opponent with a billet buy: Another, join with men I'll waste no wit on And do such tricks as only he could hit on: And shall I, like some bully at a school, Expend my rage on one poor broken fool? Virtue may choose the high or low degree, For in the House her form you seldom see; Vice is undone, if she forgets her birth, And stoops from Ministers to dregs of earth. See! at the wheels of her triumphal car, Australia's genius, pale with many a scar, Dragg'd in the dust! her arms hung idly round, Her flag, inverted, trail'd along the ground! See thronging thousands to the pagod run And offer country, conscience, wife or son. Hear her black trumpet thro' the land proclaim That not to be corrupted is the shame. See all our youth contending to be slaves! See all our fools aspiring to be knaves! The luck of sharpers, and an outlaw's fame, Are what ten thousand make their life-long aim, And blindly gaze, with reverential awe, At crimes that 'scape, or triumph o'er the Law! 