SCRICKE?.' To lthe Editor of th Heralndd Chronile Vo may shortly expect the cricketing season, with your permission 1 wish to mako a few r \- respeocting this manly gamno. Tile cricotin it hasbuon very faint among thue working clas Goulburn fobr the past season or two. I know not y; I soo no counter- attraction whateer. Our ast mndical men tell us that no amrusement is so ential to a mnz as that which lafLrdsi recreation the mind as weoll s the body, and I venturo to that no musnement tends to accomplish thlose : more than does the game of cricket. lNow for sum of sixpence per woeek each memober, (und I eve that would bo no great object to any of o,)I icket club could be supported, if forty could out of that great fraternity callod working men. Sin a community like this, to contribute six Ico oach wooeekly would not obe difficult. I think I might venture to say thorn are forty men in this city to whom a game of cricket would ho an absoluteo nccossity. I alldlo to persons that are shut up at their difioront callings ten and twelvo hours per day -the printers, for instance. Thus I say to my follow-citizens, onconrogo the gamo; it will he one otop towards fitting no for that position which overy man oaght to aspire to- namely, the doflenco of his country. No amnusement will tend more than cricket to de velop thu muscles and train us to that activity which we may one day obe called upon to exorienoin ropuls ing some foreign invader. 1The villages of Taralga, Tarlo, Laggan, lhngonia, and Collector haveo thloir cricket cluhs (bo it to their credit said). 'ho last two named planes cant bring out a very good team. I holiovo we are painfally aware of that act, and hero we are a community twenty times larger than any of the above with, I might say, a ghost of a club. Iowovcr, I hope this coming season will not be allowed to pass withont this being remedied. I do believe if we not about it in a proper way that it can be done, and that the Alborts can bring out a gootd oloven withouthogging hror andt there for boys to Imake up their numnber. I think it is time our. secretary should take some action in the matter; ihe can dlo a great deal if Iohe sotls about it in earnest, and with his Iusal onergy in matters of this kind. In fact, owe shoiltd all hestir ourselves, andl co- operato with himi, and now is the time, and not wait for half tho seasoon to peas. 1 remain yours respectfully, ROYAL CLARILEY. 