KNiOEEBSbÖKEB OS CRICKET. . - . ' (Frön the Knickerbocker Magazine.) [I ' And¿peáking' of ' dóbatiokaj' hera are-some thoughts ofilia* pon seeing acricket msteh,' which although now; '.' some three moons wostcd' (having 'been "during Uiat, time in -type, - will nevortholess provo-acceptable "to to our rendors., Bw\ hush, it is ' doeatioks' who ?peaka . -. - ! / I'havo,hoard a groat deal about tho ,manly sports-of .' morry England,' and .have always a-great .respoot for, ' experts in tho athletic games of the : Britishers. Crivkct hos, been , specified aa a gamo requiring the-r greatest) possible quicknosa of the eye, and activity of tho. limb, , and I[have borotoforo looked upon it as o glorious sporty full of intonso, though ? innocuous excitement. In. my, \- Iamb-like innocence, I havo always until yesterday .»up . posed pricket ¡to. bp a diversion, an amusement, a pastime, and nothing but ocular demonstration could ' havo. eon-; . yelped me of my .groat mistake Two famous,' elevens'! ' were to play a match at. Hoboken ; amok mon on both sides i heavy bets ¡ sporting world all prophesying great . things, resolved, to go j did go; am disappointed and,' I may say,, disgusted.. . Cricket is not a gamo ¡it isa pop-' "ular fallacy to suppose that it is j but it, is,ai solemn' ceremony performed with tho. greatest seriousness by' deluded Englishmen, who think they, are having, fun.' ,Fun1 A. cricketer, has no moro appreciation pf gonuiuo ' fun than a dead jackass hos of a fancy hornpipe Grim' are tho cricketers, and desponding, smilolces; dejected,! forlorn,and .bilious.. The Pilgrim. Fathers holding an; out-door prayer meeting on a side., hill,,,in. four. fee» of" snow, in tho middle of February, wero a gay set of jolly' dogs compared to theso rueful cricketing-'. Englishmen,) outfor a clay's pleasure. A new New York murder trial, or a Kentucky hanging match, would bo a roaring farce: . bythesidoof the sportivo tragedy" of these two crack: ' Elevens.' Tho ghost of Hamlet's father and the spectre ofilia niurdorcd Bahquo, talking over their private mat- ters-ot midnight, by the light of blue fire, would looki quite gay and festive when likened to tho Hoboken; cricket ground with a match in progress. Cricket! well' hereafter when I want a synonyino for all that is intolor-i ably dull and stupid, I shall say, cricket. When I want ; to express a grand climax of spiritless- abjection,;! shall, remark, criokct. When I desire'to say of somo mani against whom I have a morta! spite, that is grimvisoged, 'jaundiced, melancholic, dismal, «nd Ant, I shall simply call him a cricketer, and then I ehalldodge. And if any . xnan o oe uses mo in a like manner, I shall take out a war rant for.detkraation'of çliaraoter, and sueln'm for malic" iously damaging my reputation to a hugo extent, ... . : I «vont to Hoboken with Damphool, who, although an Ame rican, ia a cricketer. He told mol would aeegreat sport. Got to the ground, and bestowed myself under a tree «hilo Damphool went to the olub-housc to attire himself. Presently he appeared again, dressed in white from head to foot He had a jockey cap on his head, and buckskin slippers on his feet. Just bofore tho game commenced, he tied a bed quilt on each leg, and put. on some leather gloves.- Then the people toak their places, and the men who were not bowling all took tho same position,', with their hands on their-knees and their chins elevated ht an angle of forty-five degrees. Thon the umpire enid out "ploy,"-then the bowler, a disheartened-lookiug man, took up the ball, which waa as hard as a brick, aijd throw it with all his might at the lugubrious individual .with a two-handed pudding stick in his grasp, who stood in front of some -little sticks which wore stuck in tho ; ground like -an i unfinished hen-coop. There were two melancholy bowlers, two drooping batsmen, and two un- finished- hen-coop's: . '. j . When the dejected man sow the ball coming ho rnada, a poko at it with his pudding-stick,, but he didn't hit if ! ¡thou lie sadly rested from his labours, wliilo a'number of doleful -nen on the other side wearily' sought for the' ball. Then .the .other bowler with a,sad countenance, throw tho ball at the other gloomy batsman,'who made another -dispirited poko at it - with his pudding-sliek then he ran towurda tho other hen-coop, and tho man itt .his end ran to his- hen-coop. The'marker'put, down one mark for his side;-and they all rested in'desponding silonce for fivo minutes/ during which, time everybody religiously.kept mournfully still.' I expected some oi>e to lead in prayer Or begin an exhortation, or commonco reading the Burial Service, or some inspiriting thing of that kind ; but no ono volunteered any , amusement, and pretty soon the'downcast players resumed the mysteries of cricket. ? There waa moro throwing ot the hen coop's, and pretty soon one was knocked down; Then'the bats- man, who ¡ought to hare stood before it and stopped ilio ball, with the bedquilta on his legs', was'declared'td bo 'out'- iTlion.ho retired; discomfited,'while'tho rest of his oleven; set, up . a; dismal groan. ' Tlion ' Damphool went in and took- the pudding stick. ' Then tho grove man went in and threw the ball at Damphool who poked st- at it manfully ; then ho ran for the other lion-coop. ' The bed quilts innDamphool's legs interfered with bia'speed, and he didn't'get along very fast ; so-a man pen sivoly took- tho- ball'- and knocked ' down Domphoolts hen : coop j then ' Damphool1 was 4 out," " They per- severed in this joottlarity until sunset'at which timo, tho funoratstatè'ùf things came to an end. - Then the eleven whose pudding stick men had mado the most journey's between the.hen coops twbro declared to be the. winners!; thon they untiod the bed qiiilts from their legs,' took off their flannels and'.wont homaj ' ' , .. ' j ~ r" This is all thero is in the gamo of cricket.. It 'may be a-very brisk omusom'unt for some men,' but 1 would ma soon think of taking o pleasure ride in:a hearse, op going to a dozen pedestrian funerals for u day's pleasure ! as of participating in tho gloomy ceremonies of cricket fur the same length of time." j 