WILLIAM MAKEPEACE THACKERAY. BY PETER BAYNE, A.M. Two months have elapsed since the death of William Makepeace Thackeray, and the burst of vague lauda- tion which it is the habit of the British public to raise around the graves of eminent men, thereby making ungenerous atonement for the indifference or detraction with which they are commonly regarded when alive, has had time to die away. It is a poor maxim that of saying nothing but what is good of the dead. There may be a trace of tenderness in the respect it enjoins for the feelings of bereaved relatives when the foun- tains of their sorrow are yet full ; but there is a Pagan coldness in its reservation of praise for hearts which can be no longer warmed, and an intense worldliness in its homage to intellects which have passed from the lists oi rivalry, and can no longer be objects of envy. Of dead and of living, we are to speak the truth ; and to dead and to living, we shall show mercy most when we show justioc most. Of Thackeray we may speak the truth without restraint, for in his case it must embrace much that is good. No literary man of his day deserved greater credit for diligence in his calling ; for modest appreciation of himself and his work ; for discharge of every social and domestic duty ; for heart-hatred of cant, hypocrisy, and the sordid worship of gold or of rank ; for cordial sympathy with integrity, with moral courage, with all those manly and knightly virtues which it is not, we trust, altogether wrong to deem peculiarly English. Thackeray comes before us chiefly as a writer of fiction, and it is known that he was himself ready to pronounce fictitious composition inferior both in honour and in importance to the literature of fact. He was probably right. The difference in value and dignity between such a book as Carlyle's " Life and Letters of Oliver Cromwell, " and the best novel in the English language is perhaps inconmensurable. But we must not lay too great emphasis upon the word fiction, as if it necessarily implied that compo- sition thus defined has no relation to fact. It admits of no question that domestic history is a legitimate field for the operations of the literary husband- men ; domestic history may require, for obvious reasons, to be presented in the guise of fiction ; and if we once yield these positions, it will be impossible for us to show reason why the materials afforded by domestic history should not be arranged or modified by the imaginative faculty, in accordance with certain appropriate rules of art. To enter upon any discussion of those rules would lead us beyond our present limits, but we may safely lay down the general prin- ciple that the worth of a book, name it as we may, will correspond accurately to the amount of truth it contains. At an early period in his career as an author, Thackeray avowed his acceptance of this principle, and his adoption of it was a test of literary worth or worthlessness. In one of his first books, "The Luck of Barry Lyndon," we have an explicit statement of his views upon the subject. He has been speaking of what is called poeti- cal justice, in accordance with which every good boy gets a cake and every bad boy a caning, a species of justice not always adhered to by nature or by Shakespeare. ' Justice, forsooth," he exclaims, " does human life exhibit justice after this fashion ? Is it the good always who ride in gold coaches, and the wicked who go to the workhouse? Is a humbug never preferred before a capable man ? Does the world always reward merit, never worship cant, never raise mediocrity to distinction ? Never crowd to hear a donkey bray from the pulpit, nor ever buy the tenth edi- tion of a fool's book ? Sometimes the contrary occurs, to that fools and wise, bad men and good, are more or less lucky in their turn, and honesty is ' the best policy ' or not, as the case may be. If this be true of the world, those persons who find their pleasure or get their livelihood by describing its manners and the people who live in it, are bound surely to represent to the best of their power life as it really appears to them to be ; not to foist upon the public figures pre- tending to be delineations of human nature, gay and agreeable cut-throats, otto-of-rose murderers, amiable hackney-coachmen, Prince Rodolphs, and the like, being representative of beings that never have or could have existed. At least, if not bound to copy nature, they are justified in laying ; and hence in describing not only what is beautiful, but what is ill-favoured too, faithfully, so that each may appear as like as possible to nature ; it is as right to look at a beauty as at a hunchback ; and, if to look, to des- cribe too : nor can the most prodigious genius im- prove upon the original. Who knows then, but the old style of Moliere and Fielding, who drew from nature, may come into fashion again, and replace the terrible, the humourous, always the genteel impossible now in vogue ? Then, with the sham characters, the sham moral may disappear. The one is a sickly hum- bug, as well as the other. I believe, for my part, Hogarth's pictures of " Marriage a la mode,' in Tra- falgar Square, to be more moral and more beautiful than West's biggest heroic piece, or Angelica Kauf- mann's most elegant allegory." Such was Thackeray's literary creed from first to last. It excludes the highest efforts of art ; it is silent respecting the vision and the faculty divine; it finds no place for those imaginative works to which Goethe's remark that they are art be cause they are not nature, because they have something added to nature, something trans forming and irradiating nature, communicated by the indefinable might of genius applied : but it pledges Thackeray to speak the truth in all his delineations, to photograph the world around him, to be a writer of fiction which was but a conventional form of fact. And we need not hesitate to accord him the high praise of having redeemed his pledge. The book in which this passage occurs is written in Thackeray's earlier and ructer manner, nor is it the finett specimen we have in that kind. "The Great Hoggarty Diamond " is its superior in all the higher qualities of composition, but even this delightful novellette is not to be named with Thackeray's later works. John Sterling's enthusiastic question in re- ference to the " Great Hoggarty Diamond,"-"what have we better in Fielding or Goldsmith?"-can be answered only by a gaze of astonishment. With Fielding's giant force, with Goldsmith's delicate felicity (the two writers, by the way, are as different from each other as any in the language), this minor work of Thackeray's has nothing to compare. But it is in- teresting from the self-revelation of its author which is found on every page, from ita showing us the face of Thackeray as in a glass before any whisper of his fame had led him to disguise his true personality, and to assume, to say the least, the air of the cynic and the satirist. There is that indefinable something in its delineations which makes us feel that the artist loves his characters, that this is the kind of life in which he finds himself at home; and in a few words prefacing a late edition, Thackeray confesses that it was one of his favourite works. Is it credible that the man who wrote this bock lived to be known as a cynic ? What waznenly tenderness ! What child-like simplicity ! Oldest comedy, oldest tragedy, true love meeting sorrow, faithfulness and integrity triumphing in the _ end ; just enough of incident and plot to furnish harp strings from which to hear the " still sad music of humanity." Samuel the village swain loves Mary the country maiden ; he goes to London and has a glimpse of its grandeurs, and fortune seems to have lifted him into her gilded chariot ; he returns for Mary and morries her : then, when fortune costs him out, and he has to trudge on the wintry highway of adversity, his Mary is a true heroine, tender and sweet and brave, her bright emile of courage breaking through her warm tear of sympa- thy, the best woman, perhaps, except Laura Penden- nis, that Thackeray ever drew. The story was pro- bably constructed with a view to bring out this truth,-that the prosperity which has an artificial cause, the prosperity which arises from the prevalence of some false conception aa to our rank or connections, the prosperity which is a reflex from some great Hoggarty Diamond or other which has been linked to our fate, is hollow and fleeting ; while the prosperity which grows slowly out of our own industry, perseverance, thrift, sense and good humour, ia the only prosperity that will last, or that is worth having. Sam Titmarsh was illus- trious in the eyes of all valets, admired, flattered, envied, while he was possessed of the great diamond neck-pin, but, until the glittering bane was finally got rief of at the pawn-shop, his true success in life did not begin. This ia as deep a moral as we shall find is tny of Thackeray's books, and in none of them has he more dexterously contrasted st ow with substance. But it is the tenderness of the book that leaves the strongest impression upon the reader. The grief of Samuel and Mary over their dead infant, and the te at ful fondness with which Mary undertakes, in their desolate circumstance?, the office of nuise to the great lady, could have been imagined and delineated only by one the basis of whose character, moral and intellectual, was tenderness. And though it must be allowed that Thackeray's women are in general inferior to his men, let no one say that the artist who made so perfect a lady of Mary Titmarsh could not do justice to the female cbawcter. The John Thomas of the book, confident in his gold lace and high wages, thinks he may pay particular attentions to my lady's new nurse. But Mary repels him without an effort, he knows not how. He informs a friend that he has tried to be " familiar" with her, but there is a "jenny squaw" about her which "haws" him. It may be remembered that one of the fine gentlemen in " Sir Charles Grandison," compliments one of the fine ladies in terms closely íesembling thi.se used by Jeames on this occasion, and if ever novelist honoured the female character it was done by Richardson. In hie early works Thackeray wrote with force and puritv, but hardly gave a promise of the excellence whicn he ultimately attained as a stylist. In read- ing his later books we are constantly reminded of a line which Pope quotes with approval from Roscommon, " Nature's chief masterpiece is writing well." To use words with supreme skill is to command the most powerful instrument accessible to the artist ; and the art product which results from consummate skill in the use of words is superior to the noblest creation of the painter or the sculptor. There are sentences in Shakspeare more wonderful than any statue of Phidias, any canvas of Titian, imbued with » more subtle and evanescent beauty, proclaiming a more eloquent and searching truth. But then the power of the word-artist must be superlative ; the, violin of language yields its most magical tones only to its own Paganini ; and superlative skill in tie use of language is attained, generally speaking, only after long years of practice and unremitting study and attention. In the case of Thackeray the gradual maturing of his literary power is very observable. There is a perceptible laxity in the style even of the "The Great Hoggatty Diamond." But he was always at work, ana he never permitted 1 his faculties to be blunted by carelessness ; he im- proved, therefore, with every book. He had at lost bo completely mastered his instrument that he oould use it at any moment, apply it to any subject. His late writing is always a study-full of subtle, inimitable graces, and expressing to a hair's breadth what the author intends. So it is in the "Newcomes," and the larger works. But if you take a " Roundabout Paper," it is just the same. We know not where in the language to find a piece of composition, more marvellous in its way than that passage on Rubens which occurs in a "Round- about Journey," published in the Cornhill Magasine, fer November, 1860. There is in it profound criticism, profound, and we think correct ; and there is in it the finest satire; there is in it ardent, almost reverential admiration for transcendent genius. But the criticism flows out so spontaneously in the form of gay, bantering talk, and the flickering lights of satire glance io magically about the deeper stream of admiration, that the result is wholly unique, wholly indescribable, "Better see Rubens anywhere than in a church" -thus he remarks in the outset, and the words form an admirable keynote to his criticism ; for the lack of genuine religious feeling, of that reverence, without which, painting of sacred subjects is the most profane of all painting, was the deepest want in the nature of Rubens. Let us then to the Academy ; there, with- out pain to our religious sensibilities, we may give the rein to our transports in contemplating the power of the artist. " With what astonishing rapidity," pro- ceeds Thackeray, "he travels over his canvas; how tellingly the cold lights and warm shadows ore made to contrast and relieve each other ; how that blazing blowsy penitent in yel- low satin and glittering hair carries down the stream of light across the picture !" Then the satire begins to shoot its keen glancing shafts out of the eye of this ecstatic admirer. No higher principles, be it recollected, than judicious, kindly, respectable worldly-mindedness ever inspired the genius of Rubens. " This is the way to work, my boys," pro- ceeds Thackeray, "and earn a hundred florins a day !" Ah ! there is a limit, then, to our admiration. We do not quite reach the stare,-but a hundred florins a day, is not that a satisfactory approach to them ? Accordingly, the ring of the florins never leaves our ears until we bid farewell to the painter. No sooner are we excited to the verge of hero-worship by the thought of Rubens' genius, than the pieceB of coin come down with their cold metallic protest against our enthusiasm. " See ! " Thackeray exclaims, " I (Rubens) am as sure of my line as a skater of making his figure of eight!-and down -with a sweep gees a brawny arm or a flowing curl of drapery. The figures arrange themselves as if by magic.Ihe pupils look wondering on, as|the master careers over the canvass. Isabella or Helena, wife No. I or No. 2 are sitting by, buxom, exuberant, ready to be painted; and the children are boxing in the corner, waiting till they are wanted to figure as cherubs in the picture.Was there ever such a painter ! He has been an ambassador, an actual Excel- lency, and what better man could be chosen ? He speaks all the languages. He earns a hundred florins a-day. Prodigious ! Thirty-six thousand five hundred florins a-year. Enormous! He rides out to his castle with a score of gentlemen after him, like the governor." Then admiration for transcendent power returns. " Rubens has lifted his great hand, and the matk he has made has endured for two centuries, and we still continue wondering at him, and admiring him What a strength in that arm! What splen- dour of will hidden behind that tawny beard, end those honest eyes! Sharpen your Sec, my good critic. Shoot a feather into him ; it him and make him wince. Yes, you may hit him fair, and make him bleed, too ; but for all that, he is a lion-a jnighty, conquering, generous, rampagious Leo ïlelgicus-monarch of his wood." I We have quoted only a part of this passage, which orcura in the lightest compositions we have from the hand of Thackeray, and was dashed off with a bruah rs bold ar.d rapid as that of Rubens himself; but we need net add a word to prove that such a use of lan- guage is a feat in art, in most subtle and difficult art. To attain this perfection cost Thackeray a quarter of acentuiy of ut.int emitted study and constant prac- tice. As a delineator of character- in which capacity, not in that of constructor of tale or master of narra- tive, lay Thackeray's power-he had two styles. Always a humourist, he was now the Puck, the wild, laughing, rollicking jester, who revelled in parody and pantomime ; now the Jacques, beneath wnose smile there lurked an earnest melancholy that knew the sadness of the world and tried to spirit it away, with caustic y et kindly moralising. Thackeray held to the first style till he had caught the eye of the world, and had lea mest people to believe that he was a brilliant persifleur, incapable of higher things ; he then aban doned it for ever, and as the author of " Vanity Fair," of " Esmond," of ' Pendennis," of one or two brief but important contributions to biography and criticism, and, above all, of "The Newcomes." To the first style belong most of his ballads, and it is difficult to conceive burlesque verses imbued with more hearty, vigorous, enjoyable fun. The Irish ones are said to have done more than the slugs in the cabbage-garden to discomfort the physical force repealers. The immortal " Jeames," with his magnificent strut and marvellous spelling, like Sigismund, Emperor of Germany, super gramma, ticam, a creature too naively and broadly absurd to answer to one reality, but concentrating in his person the finest absurdities of a thousand stalking flunkeys, is also of this period. Our old friend Barry Lyndon, though with some touches of possibility in him, is still clearly a hero of pantomime. He is an Irishman, his real name Redmund Barry, and be shows at an early age a hyper-Hibernian capacity of falling in love. The finer feelings aré indeed strong in him to the last, and he has no toleration for less sensitive natures. "Love!" he exclaim», and one cannot help thinking that this early utterance was characteristic of the cynic Thackeray, " sute the word is formed on purpose out of the prettiest soft vowels and consonants in the language, and he or she who does not care to read about it is not worth a fig to my thinking." At fifteen Barry is maniacally in love with his cousin, Nora, a lady of twenty-three. On one occasion he rides home from a ball with her behind him, and by way of showing his valour, affection, and general condition of fine frenzy, he leaps his horse over a bridge into a deep stream, twenty feet below. This is early in the book, so that the hero cannot be spared ; the lady and gentleman sink overhead there- fore, but rise again and come safe to shore. Barry recovers from a fever brought on by the heat of his love and the cold, of his ducking ; and addresses to Nora, who is unhappily a flirt of the deepest dye, a copy of verses of a highly complimentary character. We may quote the the last by way of showing the kind of pantomime work which was once thought the natural employment of Thackeray's genius. " What cheek is redder ! sure roses fed her t Der hair ia marigolds, and her eye of blew Beneath her eyelid, is like the vi'let : That darkly glistens with gentle jew ! The lily's nature Is not surely whiter Than Nora's neck is,-and her anama too Î ? Come gentle Nora,' says the goddess Flora, * My deatest creature take my advice, There ia a poet, full well you know it, Wbo »penda Lia lifetime in heavy sighs, Young Redmond Barry, 'tis him you' II marry. If rby me and raisin you'd choose likewise. ' " Very amusing ; very natural, if y ou will, to a wild Irish lad of fifteen -, but singular work from the hand which drew the Marquis of Steyne, and Becky Shaip, and Lady Kew, Laura, and Dobbin, and Colonel Newcombe. In the higher efforts of Thackeray, the humourist, the moralist, and the delineator of character, combine to produce a unique and inimitable compound of wit and wisdom, of philosophy and fact. As a moralist, Thackeray ia never weak except when he pulls up and commences to moralize of set purpose. In his later works he is much in this habit, and as his genius wss essentially observational, and his range of specu- lative thought narrow, the sameness of his moralising tune becomes ludicrous. " Ah ! tbe Haunt is silent new ! The roof echoes no more to the notes of . GanyOwen Na Gloria 1' The lamps have gone out. The good, careles*, jovial, light pursed revellers», where are they? Shall we laugh or shall we weep? There is life and death going on everywhere. George the Fourth and Beau Brummel, and all the merry gentlemen are gone ; the Pavilion at Brighton has become a heap of eccen- trically ugly wood. There are pallid ghosts on the banks of Styx, not thinking of wine or waistcoat*, indifferent to the fall of the dice." That is the kind of thing we have over and over again, in " Philip " and " Lovel the Widower," and even in the «' Nesv comes." Always, however, there ta a subdued but earnest inculcation of this-that, though vanity of vanities is inscribed on human affaira, yet truth, end goodness, and valour, and wisdom, and mercy are to falsehood and folly and cold- ness of heart, as light is to darkness. Men are joyful or sorrowful, succeed or fail, walk solemnly as in a funeral march to the grave, or dance away life's minuet ; but the blue sky remains overhead, the blue sky of trutb, of justice, of love, of God. Such wts the deep undertone which you could recognise under all Thackeray's moralizing. But it was not when he set himself to moralise, it was in dealing with men, that the vigour and sound- ness of Thackeray's moral sympathies were displayed, and that he became entitled to the name of a great practical moralist. He teaches with piercing dis- tinctness and with transfixing force this great truth, that meanness, pretence, contemptibility, lying, tnd, on the other hand, inhuman scorn and ferocity, ought to be hated. You are to cherish a wholesome warmth of indignation agaimt those things ; you shall boldly mock them and spurn them, and tear their disguises from them. Never mind though Sterne can exquisitely manipulate the English language-never mind though he has a subtle and delightful humour. Was he true ? No, Then away with him, and his snivel, and his dead donkey, and his superfine admirer. He produced " Uncle Toby;" he added that genial, natural, wonder!ut creation to the immortalities of English art. But he lied ; he was false through and through ; all his genius shall not purchase him exemption from our acorn. It was bold of Thackeray to say that, but it was right. Swift was a still greater genius than Sterne — a great, original, terrible genius ; but with him too Thackeray is inexorable. Was his heart right ? Is it allowable for man to be so ma- lignantly, so ferociously contemptuous to his species ? Is it pardonable to lay human hearts on the rack, as Swift laid those of Stella and Vanessa ? No ! There- fore Thackeray dares to condemn Swift and to point to him, in the haggard misery of his later days, as the victim of his own demon-like pride, as one who re- ceived from God and from his own conscience the penal doom of faculties misspent, and opportunities wasted, and feelings calmed into dust. It is a great and important truth of which Thackeray had got hold. It is the secret of moral, of Christian courage, that, in the might of moral purity, you are entitled to condemn and to despise the genius which is debased by ministry to vice. Atd it is the complement of this truth-its other side-tbat jon are to love and esteem, not on account of intellectual brilliancy, but of moral worth. This truth, also, Thackeray teaches with persuading, with prevailing power. Who are the men he cordially admires ? Who are the men he loves ? They are the simple, the kindly, the modest, the industrious ; tender and anxious fathers, loving husbands, indefatigable workers, gal lant end chivalrous soldiers, He likes the friendliness, the generosity, the frank, unaffected, manly ways of Sir Walter Scott. But it was a man whose genius was not so brilliant as Scott's, whose life presented no such variety ef picturesque effects sb that of the wizard of Waverley, whom Thackeray chose as his pattern literary hero. " I will take another man of letters," he says, " whose life I admire even more-an English worthy, doing his duty for fifty noble years of labour, day by day storing up learning, day by day wot king for scant wages, most charitable out of his small means, bravely faithful to the calling which he had chosen, refusing to turn from his path for popular fame or princes' favour; I mean Robert Southey. We have left his old political landmarks miles and miles behind ; we pro- test against his dogmatism ; nay, we begin to forget it and his politics ; but I hope his life will not he forgotten, for it is sublime in its simplicity, its energy, its honour, its affection. In the combat between Time and Thalaba, I suspect the former destroyer has conquered. Kehama's curse frightens very few readers now; but Southey's priva* e letters are worth piles of epics, and are sure to last among us as long us kind hearts like to sympathise with goodness and purity, and love of upright life. He writes to his wife, * I will not go to Lisbon without you, or I will stay at home, and cot part from you. 'or though not unhappy when away, still without you I am not happy. For your sake, as well as my own and little Edith's, I will not consent to any separation ; the growth of a year's loye between her and mp, if it pletise God she should live, is a tVing too delightful in itself, and too valuable in its consequeiicis, to be given up for any lischt incon-^ ver.iet.ee cn your part or mine.'" Could anything' but the instinct of an inexpressibly tender heart have led Thatkfray to select, as the finest trait he could discern in Sotsthfy, that valunticn of " the grosyth of a year's love" between himself find his infant daughter? It ie in truth one of tho loveliest trai>» that was ever iknalistd in the charae'er or the life of man. It is a ray of purest light, filling into the sphere in which Southey moved, revealing it in nil its dewy tenderness and beauty. "Another true knight of those days," Thackeray pr i ceeds, "was Cuthbett Collingwood; and 1 think, since heaven made gentlemen, there is no record of ¿ better one than that. Of brighter deeds-, I grant you, we may read performed by others; but where of a nobler, kinder, mere beautiful life of duty, of u gentler, truer heart? Beyond dazzle of success and blaze of genius, I fancy shining a hundred and a hun- dred times higher the sublime purity of Collingwood's gentle glory. His heroism stirs British hearts when we recall it. His love, and goodness, and piety make one thrill with happy emotion. As one reads of him and his great comrade going into the victory with which their names are immortally con- nected, how the old English word comes up, and that old English feeling of what I should like to call ' Christian honour !' .... After the action | of the 1st of June, he (Collingwood) writes :-' We cruised for a lew dayp, like disappointed people look- ing for what they could not find, until the morning of little Sarah's birthday, between eight and nine o'clock, .when ti e French fleet, of twenty- five sail of the line, was discovered to windward, We chased them, and they bore down within about five miles of us. The night was spent in watching and prepsration for the succeeding day ; and many a blessing did I send forth to my Sarah, tat I should never bless her more.' .... There are no words," Thackeray continues. " to tell what the heart feels in reading the eimp'e phrases of euch a hero. Here is victory and courage, but love sublimer and superior. Here is a Christian soldier spending the night before battle in watching and preparing for the .succeeding day, thinking of his dearest home, and sending manv blessings forth to his Sarah, 'lest he should never bless her more.' Who would not say Amen to his supplication ? It was a benediction to his country-the prayer of that intrepid loving heart." Having spoken ot Collingwood and Southy, he selects a third tjpe cf an English gentleman. This time it is a divine," the name of him Reginald Heber. " The charming poet," says Thackeray, "the happy possessor of all sorts of gifts and accomplit,-. ments, birth, wit, fame, high character, competence - he waB the beloved parish priest in his own home tf Hoderel, counselling his people in their troubles, advising them in their diffi- culties, comforting tbem in distress, kneeling often at their sickbeds at the .hazard of his own life; exhort- ing, encourfgirjg where there was need; where there i was strife the peacemaker ; where there was wau t the free giver.' When the Indian bishopric was offered to him he refused at first ; but after communing with himself (and committing his case te the quarter whither such pious men are wont (to carry their doubts), he withdrew his refusal, and prepared himself for his mission, and to leave I his belt-ved parish. " Little children, love one an other and ftrgive one another," were the last sacred words he said to his w eepirg people. He parted with them, knowing, perhaps, he should see them no more. Like those other good men of whom we have just spoken, love and duty were his life's aim. Happy he, happy they who were so gloriously faithful to both ! He wiites to his wife thoee charming lines on bis jouiney : If thou, my love, wert by my side, my babies at my knee, How gladly woola our pinnace glide o'er Gunga'« mimic sea t I mira thee at the dawning grey, when, on our deck reclined, In careles« ease my limbs I lay, and woo the cooler wind. I miss th«e'.wbcn by Gunga'a stream my twilight atepa I guide ; But most beneath the lamp's pale beam I misa thee by my side. And so on. " His affection," says Thackeray, " is pan of his life. What were life without it ? With- out love I can fancy no gentleman." Sometimes with a smile, sometimes with a tear, but always -when he allowed the language of his heart to rise to his lip, Thackeray spoke thus. Consider, again, that poi trait of George III. It seems to us one of the boldest things dene by any literary man in this century. Authors had vied with each other in saying cruel contemptuous things of poor George. He was, beyond question, a narrow man, an uneducated man, often a mistaken man. Duty was with him often a name for injustice. But in his heart's cere he was sincere, brave, indomitable. His conception of duty, however defective, was clear to him. Until his ministers, with their clever logic and beautiful appeals to sentiment, could convince him that he waa wrong in his idea of that, he would do it, if the doing broke his heart. His coronation oath might be müde to change colours like a dying dolphin in the new lights of sophistry or of argument ; but when George took that oath it meant for him one thit g, that he, defender of the faith in a Protestant kingdom, was to keep the king- dom, so far as he could, Protestant. " Remember," . says Thackeray, "that he believed himself anointed by a Divine commission ; remember that he wag a man cf slow parts and imperfect education ; that the same awful will of Heaven, which placed a crown upon his bend, which made him tender to his family, puie in his life, courageous and honest, made him dull of comprehension, obstinate of will, and at many times deprived him of reason. He was the father ef his people; his rebellious children must be flogged into obedience. He was the defender of the Protestant faith ; he would rather lay that stout head upon the block than that Cutholics should have a share in the Government of England." That is profoundly just. The tone of the whole essay shows that, in his heart, I Thackeray admired this man, who strove with au agony of earnestness to be all he could be. And the Colonel ! Say not that Colonel Thomis ' Newcome is a fictitious character. Is not Fielding's | Squire Western as strictly an historical périrait as any you will find in Lodge ? A hundred years hence mm will say of Thackeray's Colonel-this was the English gentleman of the nineteenth century ? Yes : we can | accept the Colonel as a type, not of the ideal j English gentleman, not even of the highest gentleman you may meet with in English society in the present day. The Colonel was not a man of edu- cation, and in various respects he approached the i simpleton. One fancies that he has met a gentleman or two in the course of hiB social experience as kind and true as Colonel Newcome, who did not, like the I Colonel, misquote Lalin, or talk childishly on poli- tics. But as representing that refined gentlematili ness which, being realised not unfrequently in English society, may be taken as a fair specimen of what our civilisation has done for us in social and domestic life, i the Colonel is historical. And is he not a true gen- ' tleman ? May we not on the whole be proud of him? As brave as steel, yet so reicfy to take blame to himself, so Impatient to apologue if he is in the wrong, so full of kindness and gentleness and sincerity ! How chivalrous are his attentions to Miss Honey man, how true-hearted his generosity to his poor old nurse! And is it not beautiful to see how he is honoured and loved by thoee about him, for all his intellectual simplicity ? An air of refined breeding, of true he art-born politeness brea1 he» ihrough his whole environment. Clive and Bennett do not smile when he misquotes Latin. They do not love him any the less for that, they would not fcr the world let him know that they see the gaps in his classi- cal erudition. This is the delicacy ot genuine refine- ment, and it is precious snd beautiful. But it is not the bright side of the Colonel's character that is to us the most wonderful thing fn this masterpiece of Thatkery. Had we known only the good qualities of the Colonel, relieved by a few amiable wetknesses, we might have hesitated to pronounce him much inferior to Airworthy, that white marble figure which etandsin superhuman goodness amid the riotous groups of Fielding's crowded canva». But muth as Thackeray loves his Colonel, he loves truth better; and the verdict of truth is that immacuUte chai aciers aienot to be found in the ranks of humstity. He_ places his hero, therefore, in eircumstap.ces in -which the Eeeds of evil sleeping in his breast are warmed into devtlopnunt. We see the good Colouel embittered into fierceness and implacability ; hisim petuouB resentment leads him on to injustice. No doubt it is against worldliness and menntuss that his wrath becomes ungovernable ; no doubt also, his instinctive love of fair pliy never forsakes him, and he heads a sally to rescue his enemy from the crowd ; but he is indiscritninatmt? in his fury; he is stubborn, headstrong, unreasonable ; he ia unjust toPendennis and relentless to Ethel. Tais is not romance, but it is life. At last misfortune over takes the Colonel. Terrible calamity rends the stout cordage of his heart. Then the indestructible worth of his character is seen once more, as fine veins of rook become visible in their most delicate beau'y beneath trickling dews. With sorrow comes contrition : the noble heart breaks; the shades of evening i fall deep, only a few rays of slant sunshine coming lrom the barred horizon. The Colonel answers Ad- sum when his name is jailed; and the curtain falls, not on a five act tragedy composed in obedience to the laws of art, not on a work of art at all, but on the list of a series of historical scenes from English life in the nineteenth century. 