SSSAYS AiVD REVIEWS. JUDICIAL COMMITTEE OF THE PRIVY ■ ; COUNCIL —Fib. 8. •• \- Those were, appealsfrom: judgmentsPde-" livered by Dr Lushington in' the|Court:pf; Archei, whereby the defendants' (the "present, appellants);weiefound to have publMhed !and^ maintained certain doctiinea" and.[™2iiiriioffif_ contrary to.jhe teaching of.the,Church of England. .Each of them, was condemned-ito"' suspension for .one'year "aJi'srguAo ctl beneficio, was. monished not to fiend in" like mariner, for the future, and waa condemned ih'cost?. ' In the fiist case* proceedings were instituted against the. Rev Rowland YTilliami Dj Ei., Vice-Principal and .Professor of-;ffabC2w,.,St. David's College, Lampeter, Vicar |o£ Broad Chalke,. Wiltshire, founded upon certain: pas" sages in the essay entitled Bumcn's Biblical Researches. In the sicond, ngainst the Rev Henry Bristow Wi'son. Vicar .of Great Staughton, Huntingdonshire, the author of the essay entitled Seances Ilistoriques dc Geneve; the National Church. Judgment was read by the LoTd Chancellor. The decision in one case, that of Wilsou, will suffice. Wilson's is tile urnst plainspnken of the Essayists, and the dcisinn 13 cot.se auently clearer. The i -Howing is the sub stance of the ju'lgmmt :—"With respect to the local tests of docrine in the Church of England, by the application of which we to try the soundness or uosoundn-ss o{ the passages libelled, we agree with the learned judge in the court below, that the judgment in the Gorham case is conclusive ;—" This Court has no jurhdiotiou or authority to settle matters ot faith, or to determine what ought in any particular to be the doc trine of the Church of England. Its'duty extends only to the consideration of that which is by law established to be the doctrine of the Church of England, upon the true and Ifgal-con3ttucfc?oa_p£. her. articles and formu- ! larks." " We proceed to consider the charges against Mr-Wilson. ^ These have been reduced .to the ! 8th-and' 14th -articlrs of- charge. The other ariieles'of charge were either rejected by the Court • below, or have, been abandoned at the hearing - before this: tribunal. In the Sth article of -chareo an extract of some length is made from Sir "Wilson's essay, and the. recusa tion is, that in the passage extracted Mr Wil son has declared and .affirmed,- in effect, that the Scriptures of the Old and New, Testament were not written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, and that they were not n ctssarily at all, and certainly, not in parts, the Word of God ; and then reference is made to the 6th *ii(\ 20th Articles of Religion, to part of the ^icene Creed, and to a passage in the Ordina tion of Prie^ts-in the Book of Common Prayer. Thi3 charge, therefore, .involves the proposi tion, * That it is a contradiction of the doctrine Iiid down in the 6th and 20th Articles of Re ligion, in the Nicene Creed, and in the Ordi nation Service of Priests, to hffirm that any part of the canonical books of the Old or New Testament uponany subject whatever, how-, ever unconnected with religious faith or moral i duty, war. not written .under.the inspiration of j the Holy Spirit:"- The proposition or asser tion t"t hat every part of the Scriptures was | written undrr the inspiration of the Holy ! Spirit ia'not to be found either in the articles or in^any of. the formularies of the Church. But in the 6th article it is 'said That Holy ' Scripture con'aineth all things necessary to ! salvation, and the books of the Old and New Testament are therein termed canonical.- In the 20th article the Scriptures are referred to' as " God's Word written in the Ordination - Service, when the Bible is given by the bishop"! Jo the prieBtj.it is put into his hands with ! th'fese wordsl "Take thou authority to preach the word of God:" and in the Nicene Creed are the words. " the Holy Ghost who spake .by, the prophets. ;; We are confined by the" article of charge to the consideration of these i materials; and the question is, whether in them the * Church has affirmed that " every part ' of every book of Scripture was written under the inspiration of the Holy | Spirit and is the Word of God. Cer- ! tainly this doctrine is. not involved in the I statement of the 6th article; that Holy Scrip ture containeth all things necessary to salva tion. But inasmuch as it doth so from the i revelations of the .Holy Spirit, the Bible may well be denominated " Holy " and is siid to be .". the Word of God," " God's Word written," or "Holy Writ;" terms which caunot be I affirmed to bo clearly predicated of every | statment and ' representation contained in every part of the Old and Now Testament. The framera of the articles have not used the word "inspiration," as applied to the Holy j Scriptures; nor liave they laid down any- ! thing as to. the nature, extent, or limits of | that- operation of the Holy Spirit. The j caution of the framers of our articles forbids i our treating their language as implying tnore ] than is expressed; nor ate we warranted in ; ascribing to them conclusions expressed in I new forms of words involving minute | and. subtle matters of controversy. After j an anxious consideration of the subject, we find ourselves unable to say that the passages extracted from Mr Wilson's ; essay, and which form the subject of | this article of charge,, are contradicted by or plainly inconsistent with the articles or-formularies to which the charge refers, and which alone we are at liberty to consider. W,e proceed to the remaining charge against Mr Wilson, namely, that contained- in the 14'b article. The charge is, that in the portion of liis essay which is set out in this article, 'Mr Wilson has evidently declaredand affirmed, in effect, that after this life and at the end >/f | the existing order of- things on this earth, there will be no judgement of Gad, awarding 'to those men wheal He then approves ever lasting life or eternal happiness, and to those I men whom he shall then condemn everlasting | death or eternal misery; and this position is .affirmed to the contrary to the three creeds, The absolution, the Catechism, and the Burial and Commication Services. In the first place we find nothing in the passage ex tracted which in any respect questions or denies that at the end of the world there will be a judgement of God, awarding to those men whom He shall approve everlasting life or eternal happiness ; but with respect to a judge ment of eternal misery, a hope is encouraged ty Mr Wilson that this may not be Iho pur pose of God, • We think that it is not com petent to a ciergyman of the Church of Eng .land to teach or suggest that a hope may be j entertained of a state of things contrary to what the Church expressly teaches or declares i will be the case; but the charge is, that Mr j Wilson advhedly declares that after this life there will be no judgement of God, awarding | either eternal happiness or eternal misery, an accusation wlich is not warranted by the pas sage extracted, Mr Wilson expresses a hope that at the Day of Judgement those men who i are not admitted to happiness may be so dealt ' with as that " the perverted may be restored," and all, " both small and great, may ultimately find a refuge .in the bosom of the Universal Parent;" The hope that the punishment of the wicked may not endure to all eternity is cer tainly not at variance with anything that is found dn the Apostles' Creed, or the Nicene Creed, or in the Absolution, which forms part of the Morning and Evening. Prayer, or in the Burial Service. In the Catechism the child is taught that in repeating the Lord's Prayer he.prays unto God" that He will ke°p us from all sin and wickedness, and from our ghostly enemy, and from everlasting death" ; but tbi9 exposi tion of the Lord's Prayer cannot be taken bb necessarily declaring anything touching the eternity of punishment after the resurrection. There remain the Combination Service and the Athanasian Creed. .The material passage in theCommination Service is in these words: -"O terrible voice of most just judgment , which Bhall be pronounced upon them, when | it shall be said unto them, Go, ye cursed, into the fire everlasting which is prepared for the devil and his angels." In like manner the Athvnasian Creed declares that they that have done evil Bhall go into' everlasting fire. Of the, meaning of these words "everlasting fire " no interpretation is given* in the formu laries which are referred to in the charge. Mr ; Wilson has. urged in his defence that the word " everlasting" in the English translation ! bf the New Testament, and of the" Creed of 1 St. Athanasius, must be subject to the same limited interpretation which some learned men have given to the original words which are. translated by the English.word " everlasting," and he "had also appealed to the liberty of' opinion which has always * existed without re straint among very eminent English divines :upon this subject. It is material to observe that in the articles of King Edward VI., framed, in 1552, the 42nd article was in the fallowing words : —" * All wien shall not bee .paved at the length.*—Thei also ate worthie of condemnation who. indevoure at,this time -to . restore , the dangerous opinion that' al 'm'eribe, be' thei never so"ungqdlie, .'shall at length bee saved, when thef 'have suffered pVmes for their, sinhes a certain, time ap j>)pinted* by'God's justice." "This article was .or^itted .from the. Thirty-nine Articles of the I year 1562, and it might be said that the effect | of sustaining the judgment of the Court below j .on. this charge .would be to restore the article I so1 withdrawn. We are rot required or at j liberty to express-any opinion upon the mys terious - question of the eternity ; of 4 final I punishment, further than to say that we do not find in - the jormuhrirs to which this article refers any such distinct declaration of J bur''-Church upon the subjsot as to require us to condemn as penal the expression of hope by a elergymean that even the ultimate pardon of-the wicked who are condemn/d in the Day of Judgment may he consistent with the will of Almighty God. ; We desire to repeat that the meagre and disjointed extracts which have b?on allowed to remain in •the reformed articles are alone the subject : of ' our judgment. On the design and i general tendency of the book called | u Essays and Reviews," and on . the ! effect or aim of the whole essay of Dr. Wil liams, or the whole osssy of Mr Wilson, we neither can nor do piouounce any opinion. On the short extracts before us, our judgement is that the charges arc not proved. Their Lordships, therefore, will humbly recommend , to Her Majesty that the r'entences be reversed, and the reformed articles rejected in like manner as the rrst of the original articles were rejected in the Cnirt below—namely, without costs ; but inasmuch as the appellants havo been obliged to come to this court, their Lord ships think it right that they should have the costs of this appeal. At the conclusiou of the judsement Lord Chancellor snid,—I am desired b] Archbir-hop of Canterbury and the Archbi of York to state that th?y do not concu those parts of this judgement which rela the seventh article of charge against Dr. liams and to the eighth article of cl against Mr Wilson," On Wednesday morning tlieBritannia Com- [ pany, Carngham, came on a beautiful run of gold-bearing quartz, at 280 feet deep. Better has not been seen in the mine. The quartz is of a hard, blue description, and extremely brittle. On Tuesday the retort turned out a ] cake of 57 oz for the fortnight. ohbiinrd fmm b heaD of rubbie tjuartz. —Grpniltc Advocate, 