SEEDS OF TRUTH. For towing JJroadccutt in Wnsh-yan Ground — being a ranottrxafitm on tin: EoiU of' Pmitmi-Form lie vilak, -jv., by a Wcsh-yan Min wtt'r. THE TRUTH AV LOVE. A CONVERSATION HETWKKN A MINIS TER AND A LEADER, ON THE SUU JECTOF PENITENT-FORM REVIVALS, ETC. Leader. Good morning, Sir. Minister. Good morning, Mr. ? L. We had a good praver-meetinj*-, last night. I thought 'better than usual. M. 1 thought so, too. There was less false, imd more true fervour ; wore of that ' prayinjr in the Holy Ghost,' of which St. Jude speaks. * * ? * * * L. While we are certain that the whole world should be evangelised, do you not think that the church should use the means ? M. What means 1 So far as I under stand j-oiir question, and so far as we, a section of the church, are concerned we do use the means. What are our ordinances, our prayer-meetings, our sacraments, and, above all, the diviuely appointed ministration of God's holy word, but means ? and means not of man's invention and institution, but of God's ordination, to continue, for this very purpose, to the end of the world. If these are faithfully used, find per severed in by a holy church, they have God's promise for their success. L. True : but I was referring- more to extraordinary means. M. I do uot understand you. I know of no extraordinary means sat forth in the Bible, though' I am led from that blessed revelation to expect extraordi nary influences of the Holy Ghost, to bless, and render more effectual, the ordinary and perpetual means. L. I will explain myself more fully. I mean special services, conducted with special reference to a revival. There are some men who seem to have a particular talent for ineeting-s of this sort, and I may as well say that some of our members appear very much to wa-ret that wo could not smmhw tin. services of Mr. ? , the celebrated revivalist, when it was proposed that he should pay us a visit. Wherever he goes, they say, 'souls are con verted.' M. [ wish you would not use that word 'revivalist,' which I am sure you will see, if you consider, it is im proper as the designation of a certain party or clnss merely. It is a very un fortunate circumstance for the interests ot true n-lio-ion, that it should liavo been received by Methodists generally, to denote persons of a certain style of mind and action in the church, to the exclusion of hundreds of far wiser, and, as I believe, in many instances at least! holier Christian men. Them is an im plied reflection in it, too, which, to my mind, is exceedingly objectionable. Every Christian minister who has pro per views of his solemn calling is a revivalist, in his prayers, his thoughts, I his spirit, his preaching. Every time he offers pardon in Christ's name,' every time he exhorts his conffreiration to perfect holiness in the fear of God,' every time he offers up his prayers in tlie pulpit for those assembled to join their prayers with his, he is a revivalist. That is his great, his only aim. But in limiting the use of the word to those zealous, aud in some instances ignorant, and, in every instance, mistaken men, whose tactics are in revival services, with the aid of the penitent-form and its certain train of evils, a flag rant injustice is done, in my judgment, to the principles of truth and of Scripture. Can it be conceived possible thnt numbers of ministers of the gospel, of long standing iu tlw church, of pure and blameless lives, of known wisdom and undoubted piety, have no right to the term, because some who are not fit to be placed for a moment in comparison with them have by their noise, and, permit me to sny, very often rant and nonsense, secured the title ? These men whatever else they revive, generally succeed admirably in reviving that which ought to tie chocked and dis couraged, and which our wise ministers are constantly trying to eradicate by the infusion of better principles : their efforts, alas ! in too many cases render ed abortive by the inroad of these Christian Goths. They revive false auJ delusive enthusiasm ; they revive a changing, evanescent emotion, to take the place of settled principle; thev revive a spurious zral, which very often settles into evil speaking aud bitterness ; they revive an opposition to proper nilo' and the law of godly order, without which a church is sure to recede fast from tho New Testament. These thinn-s they revive nnd make to flourish abun dantly, like an enormous crop of weeds worthlessly luxuriant. *' L. I must say I have never looked at it in this light, and yet I see there is much truth in what you say. i M. Just permit me to say further on this suijjijct, that i! we properly consider the point ivi! shrill iiiicJ, that none have any- right to tin; name ' revivalist,' save the Spirit of God. lie only is the re vivalist, and His ministers nre instru ments only in His hand. Hnbukknk prays for 'flu- Lunl to revive H'm work. The Psalmist wiys, ' Wilt limn not rcvivis us iij'-.iin ?' Thou, that, is.fJod, not man. Aud God Himself says, ' I dwell wilh him also that is of n contrite and humble spirit, to nricr this spirit of the humble, and to rceier thfi heart of the contrite ones.' This may seem a self-evident point, but is it not awfully overlooked ? L. I acknowledge the propriety of your remarks and I wish further to acknowledge that I have been the sub ject ot much anxiety of mind on this question, especially as to tho introduc tion of penitent-forms in our prayer meeting; and as I judge from the tone of your remarks, you do not approve of them I shall be glad if you will tnke the trouble to give me your views ; for, doubtless, you have looked at the whole subject tiiirh/ and dispassionately. I have joined in such meetings, the more because a number of our minis ters zealously promote them ; but, at the same time, I have felt great repug nance of mind towards many of the proceedings I have witnessed, in which I have brought myself hitherto to tnke a part. I nuver felt to have my judg ment fully with me in the work. M. I am very glad you have given me the opportunity to state my views, nnd I shnll do so with great plensure ; the more because J believe you to be a man desiring to be influenced by calm and correct reasoning. I believe that numbers of persons might be found in our church :who are precisely in our state of mind, consenting to a thing nnd practising it, but having strong- doubts, at tho same time, as to its bfiinsr correct in principle, either from a wish not to be charged with want of zeal in God's cause, or from a desire to avoid any thing which might cause difference of opinion, or fro:n thinking that what ' many good men approve and practice, niuit be right. In stating my views to you on this most important subject, I am glad ro believe that von will not misunderstand me. Some parsons would be 'ready to denounce! iub as lin ing criminally wantinar in zeal : nnv. some would even go further, and hesi tate not to say, that, in so strongly op posing ilia introduction of penitent forms, I showed myself destitute of God's regenerating Spirit. 1 have my self heard ignorant i-.e-.ilots say of cer tain ministers of Christ, men of un doubted piety, that they needed con verting, simply because they were not willing to cultivate the noise and con fusion in which they appeared to delight. I should bu sorry to think that yon could so misjudge me. You know I have always endeavoured to cultivate a spirit ot devotion amongst you ; you know that I have always aimed, in my preaching, at an affectionate, plain, and faithful stylo, calculated, as I think, by God's blessing to lead to our spiritual improvement, und to the conversion of siuners ? L. Excuse my intcrruptinp; you, but when you preached your lirst seruioutous, those who are favourable to these penitent form revival prayer-meetings quite con cluded that you would at once institute them, and they were a {rood deal disip poiutcd, 1 assure you, when they found you did not do so. M. Is it really come to this, that an earnest manner in the pulpit, toother with reierences to a revival ot religion in one's sermon*, is to be at once associated with the penitent-form as an inevitable supple ment? Cut 1 was about to state my ob jections to the penitent form. Jly first ob jection is, — Because it is opposed to the judgment Oi a sooer and intelligent reason. I (To U- CIIHl'ilillil ill Dill- IVft.J 