LOCAL AND PROVINCIAL. ARRIVAL OF THE BISHOP: ON THE BORDERS OF THE DIOCESE. Thursday was one of the pleasantest days in our district that perhaps was ever spent in it by any of the numerous persons who shared in the enjoyment. At twelve o'clock, at noon, the clergymen, churchwardens, and many of the parishioners from all parts, met the Right Revds. the Metropolitan and the Bishop of Goulburn at Paddy's River, and escorted them to the boundary of the diocese ot Goulburn, to a little temporary church erected at Wingello Park. By the time they reached there, the party was increased by other parishioners who joined on the road, and others awaited their arrival at the church. The Lord Bishop of Goulburn and the minister of the district robed and the service commenced, which consisted of the Litany, said by the latter. The Rev. Edward B. Procter then addressed the Bishop of Goulburn, previous to presenting the parochial address. In few words he expressed his happiness in joining his flock in thanksgiving to Almighty God for the safe arrival of the Bishop amongst them; but, he said, while they as a parish, an integral part of the diocese, recognised in the advent of their bishop an increase of advantages and blessing to themselves and their children, by his bringing to them means of grace and spiritual blessings which they could not possess without the presence of one holding his several offices amongst them; while he joined them and the diocese at large in rejoicing at the more extended blessings which would result from the further extension of the church over the land, "in the lengthening her cords, and strengthening her stakes." Yet there was one other blessed result from the arrival of the Bishop of Goulburn, which could not be so strongly felt, or clearly appreciated by any as by the clergy. In his own case, the rev. gentleman said, his parishioners could not realise the advantages to him- self; or fully sympathise with him in the matter, though they would kindly rejoice with him when he rejoiced. What he alluded to was the comfort, the blessing of having near him his bishop, with whom he could take counsel; from whom he could seek and receive advice, encouragement, and support when he needed them. No one but the working clergy know what it was to be separated from their Bishop who could support and encourage them in difficulties, such as none but the parochial clergy and their Bishop could appreciate. At such times the residence of his Bishop at a distance of upwards of 100 miles from him deprived the paro- chial clergyman of these comforts and advantages. His Lordship could understand how great cause he (Mr. Procter) had for rejoicing at the arrival of his Bishop, and his residing so near him. The revd. gentleman said, he rejoiced because now he possessed what he so ardently longed for; he now was brought into close relations with one whom he should view as his counsellor, his father, his friend. No light blessing indeed ! Perhaps the more prized because so long wished for, but hitherto not pos- sessed. He then, with the churchwardens, presented the parochial address to his Lordship, reading it as follows: To the Right Reverend Mesac, by Divine permission Bishop of Goulburn. RIGHT REVEREND FATHER IN GOD,-We, the minister, church- wardens, and members of the Church of England, in the district of Christchurch, Bungonia, most respectfully and cordially welcome you into your diocese. This district being the northern boundary of, and this house of prayer - humble though it be - standing on the threshold of your diocese, it seems to us most fitting, and we rejoice that it is our privilege, here to sound the first note of thanksgiving, which shall echo presently throughout your diocese, for your safe arrival. First:--" To the eternal Lord God, who alone spreadest out the heavens and rulest the raging of the sea: who hast com- passed the waters with bounds until day and night come to an end," we "do give all praise and glory," for that it hath pleased him to "preserve you from the dangers of the sea," and hath given you a prosperous voyage to come unto us; through Jesus Christ our Lord. And next: we offer to yourself our warmest and most heartfelt cogratulations. We hold your sacred of- fice in the highest honor, as of divine institution--coming down to us through the holy Apostles, from our blessed and most adorable Saviour and Redeemer, the Chief Bishop of our souls. We esteem our Bishop the ambassador of God, our centre of unity, our chief shepherd under Christ, and we greet him with joy and reverence. That it may please the Great Head of our church to bless him and all other bishops, and to send his grace upon them that they may duly execute the office "whereunto the Holy Ghost hath called them," "to the glory of his name, and the edifying and well-governing of his church;" "and that it may please him to give to all his people increase of grace to hear meekly his word, and to receive it with pure affection, and to bring forth the fruits of the spirit," we humbly pray. We crave our Bishop's blessing, and ask his prayers. (Here follow the signatures.) His Lordship of Goulburn in reply, spoke earnestly, feelingly, and most kindly, to the laity for the kindness, respect, and regard, evidenced not only in their address, but in their as- sembling from such distances to greet him. Words of the deepest kindness he said to the clergyman of the district for his cordial remarks previous to the presenting of the address; ex- pressing himself as gratified in the extreme at the affecting scene, and the peculiarly pleasing circum- stances of it, before him, and in assuring them that in all points so far as he was concerned, the anticipa- tions of Mr. Procter, would be most fully realized, and it would ever be his study and his happiness to be to him and his flock all that they had so affection- ately expressed concerning him. Most earnest should be his prayers for them, and he begged them as their best gifts to continue to give him their prayers. Then followed our former Bishop and present Metropolitan with words of kindness, goodness, en- couragement, and support. All were deeply affected at every part of the whole proceedings. All rejoiced that they were privileged to take a part there, and many were the expressions of certainty that this day and its pleasing events would never be effaced from their minds or hearts. The whole was con- cluded by the Diocesan giving his blessing. Their Lordships then spent a pleasant half hour in inspecting the alpacas, which, by the kindness of Edward Payten, Esq., of Wingello Park, had been brought together in a paddock near the church for the purpose. Another pleasant half hour or so was spent in Wingello House taking light refreshment, when the whole party who had met their Lordships, and joined in prayer with them on the threshold of the diocese, accompanied them to Marulan, and would have gone to Shelley's Flats, where their Lord- ships were to stay the night, had not the Bishop of Goulburn kindly and considerately asked them to proceed no further, as they were already so far from their homes. IN THE CITY. Yesterday morning was very inauspicious so far as the weather was concerned, a steady rain coming down, and making the streets and roads quite unfit for traffic on foot. At eight o'clock morning prayer was read in St. Saviour's Cathedral. At ten o'clock a great number of persons went as far as the top of the Big Hill and there met his Lordship, who was accompanied by the Lord Bishop Metropolitan. A procession was then formed, consisting of numerous carriages and horsemen who entering the town pro- ceeded through Auburn-street and hence to Mandel- son's hotel where his Lordship and Mrs. Thomas had taken up their temporary abode. It had been intended that a procession should be formed and start from the mechanics' institute for thle cathedral; but owing to the state of the streets this was aban- doned. THE INSTALLATION. Service at the cathedral commenced at noon, the Litany being read by the Rev. W. Sowerby, and the Metropolitan and the Bishop of Goulburn taking part in the services. After this the Metropolitan read the notarial document setting forth that he had been present and assisted at the consecration of the Rev. Dr. Thomas to the see of Goulburn by his Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury. The Queen's letters patent separating the now see from that of Sydney, defining its boundaries, and appointing the Rev. Dr. Thomas to be bishop, were then read by the Chan- cellor (Charles Campbell, Esq., barrister-at-law). Then followed the mandate from the Metropolitan addressed to the incumbent, the Rev. W. Sowerby, and commanding him to receive and instal the Rev. Dr. Thomas as bishop. The incumbent then proceeded to instal the Bishop of Goulburn, addressing him as follows: In the name of God, Amen. In virtue of the mandate from the Right Reverend Frederic, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Sydney and lMetropolitan, hearing date the 4th day of April, and in conformity with the approved usage of the United Church of England and Ireland, I, William Sowerby, clerk, licensed minister of the church of St. Saviour, in the Diocese of Goulburn, do, by the authority committed to me, induct and instal the Reverend Father in Christ Dr. Mesac Thomas Lord Bishop of Goulburn: and the Lord keep him in his coming in and going out from this time forth and for evermore. Then followed the hymn, Veni Creator, No. 147. After which the Bishop of Goulburn preached an eloquent and impressive sermon from Philippians 2 c., 5 v. - "Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus." His Lordship impressed on the minds of his hearers the necessity of regarding Christ as their Great Exemplar; and recommended clergy and laity to walk in his footsteps, mutually assisting to forward the good work of the Gospel. A collection was then made in aid of the Church Society. Prayer for the church militant and the holy commu- nion followed, and concluded the cathedral services. RECOGNITION OF THE BISHOP. On the conclusion of the services at the cathedral their Lordships proceeded to the mechanics' institute, where they were met by a deputation and conducted to the platform. The incumbent of St. Saviour's, the Rev. W. Sowerby, then addressing his Lordship the Bishop of Goulburn, said: - In the name of the clergy, I re- cognise you as bishop of this diocese. PRESENTATION OF ADDRESSES TO THE METROPOLITAN. The Rev. W. Sowerby then read the following address from the clergy:- To the Right Reverend Father In God, Frederick, Lord Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. MY LORD,-We the undersigned clergy of the Diocese of Goul- burn, hail with the greatest satisfaction your lordship's return to Australia. We are thankful to learn that not only has your recent visit to Europe tended greatly to the benefit of your health, but that you have been enabled by your presence in England to accomplish many objects which with the divine blessing will greatly promote the interests of true religion in this land. We assure your Lordship that we feel deeply the separation which removes us from the direct oversight of one whose kind counsel and parental rule we have been accustomed to regard with affectionate deference. It has long been apparent that the extension of the Episco- pate is necessary to the successful working of our church Knowing this and how earnestly you have sought for this object and the generous sacrifices you have made to secure its ac- complishment in some degree by the creation of the See of Goulburn, we willingly acquiesce in an arrangement from which we may expect the best results. We desire to express our best wishes for the health and hap- piness of Mrs. Barker, the discontinuance of whose visits among us will be a source of deep regret to us all. That your Lordship may be blessed with strength from on high to discharge the onerous duties devolving upon your Lordship as the Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan is the earnest prayer of your Lordship's obedient servants, W. SOWERBY, St. Saviour's, Goulburn JAMES ALLAN, St. Andrew's, Braidwood THOMAS DRUITT, Christchurch, Cooma EDMUND B. PROCTER, Christchurch, Bungonia SAMUEL FOX, Wagga Wagga PIERCE GALLIARD SITH, M.A., St. John's, Canberra CHARLES HAMOR RICE, Gold-fields Chaplain DANIEL P. M. HULBER, M. A, All Saints, Collector and Gunning A.D, SOARES, Christchurch, Queanbeyan JOHN STEEL, St. Matthias', Bombala A. B. BROWNRIGG, Albury RICHD. LEIGH, St. Saviour's, Goulburn H.H. BRITTEN, Moruya. His Lordship replied as follows:- To the Clergy of the Diocese of Goulburn, REVEREND AND DEAR BRETHREN, - I thank you much for y0ur kind congratulations on my return to Australia. My visit to England was highly gratifying, and in some respects useful. I hope that the results will be hereafter manifest in the in- crease of true religion and the promotion of the highest interests of the colony. My immediate connexion with you has indeed been dissolved by the completion of those arrangements which have given a bishop to Goulburn; but my metropolitan visitation will still be made, and my regard for you and interest on your behalf will never cease to be of the warmest kind. I have witnessed and shared in your labours, and been com- forted by the evidences of vitality and progress afforded by your works. Large portions of the colony which nine years ago were destitute of the ordinances of religion have been em- braced in your efforts, and young and old have alike testified to the care and pious zeal which the pastors of their churches have bestowed upon them. I am truly thankful to Almighty God that the growing wants of the Church of England have been supplied by the appointment of the Bishop of Goulburn. In him you will find a wise, faithful, and experienced coun- sellor and friend - one whose fatherly admonitions it will be your pleasure and advantage to obey. I trust that, quickened by his example and influence, the Church of England will arise and make complete and permanent arrangements for the instruction of all classes of the community. It is our duty and our glory to aim at providing for the spiritual neessities of all who require and do not reject our aid. Whatever good can be accomplished by experience, zeal, and love for souls will, I doubt not, be attempted by your bishop. He will, how- ever, require your loyal and cordial support, and I pray that God will be pleased to accept and bless your united efforts, and enable you to carry the ministrations of the church to every place where souls are to be won for Christ. I am grateful to you for your kind mention of Mrs. Barker. We should both be much disappointed if we were not per- mitted to indulge the hope of occasionally visiting our friends in the City and Diocese of Gouburn. Accept our cordial thanks for your most kind and gratifying remembrance of us, and believe me, my Reverend and dear Brethren, faithfully and affectionately yours, F. SYDNEY. Mr. W. Conolly then read the following address from the laity: To the Right Reverend Father in God, Frederick, Lord Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. WE, the laity of the Church of England in the city of Goul- burn and its district, desire to avail ourselves of the occasion now presented to us by your Lordship's visit to this diocese, to testify our deep respect towards you. Your advent among us at the inauguration of a noble and pious work is fraught with momentous import, and is emi- nently calculated to stimulate the happier interests of a large section of the community, embracing in its effects the welfare of the whole of our church in New South Wales; a work we believe to be blessed of God, whose goodness we devoutly ac- knowledge. To the attainment of this happy consummation, as regards individual efforts, we desire to congratulate your Lordship, who has so successfully been enabled to labour, and yourself to encourage others. We esteem ourselves highly favored that God has permitted the lot to fall upon one whom good men delight to honour, and to whom Her Majesty has given authority to preside over us in our Church of England in this portion of her bright southern isle. Our rejoicing is moderated at being reminded that the pro- ceedings of this day partially sever us from your Lordship, though we shall be happy to continue to deserve your kind and affectionate regard, and to hope for the benefit of your advice, and, from time to time, your presence among us. With the expression of the best wishes that we prayerfully offer on behalf of your Lordship and Mrs. Barker, we are your Lordship's faithful and affectionate servants, (Signed on behalf of the laity attending the public meeting, and others,) WM. CONOLLY, Chairman. His Lordship returned the following reply: To the Laity of the Church of England, resident in the city and district of Goulburn, who have addressed me on the pre- sent occasion. MY DEAR FRIENDS,-Your kind and cordial address is extremely gratifying to me, and I beg to return you my sincere thanks not only for such but for affording me the opportunity of ad- dressing you. I unite with you in the ascription of praise to our Heavenly Father, through whose goodness we are this day permitted to witness the results of many years of thought, and prayer, and effort. It was to a layman (the late Robert Campbell, Esq., that the first idea and the liberal proposal of founding this see is due. In this he was the representative of many (some of his own name and kindred) who have nobly responded to his ap- peal, and by their labours and contributions have brought about that happy event which is the subject of the rejoicing of this day. In any part which I have taken in this matter I have en- deavoured to carry out the wishes of those most deeply inter- ested in the appointment of the bishop. An intimate acquaintance with the diocese enabled me to say what were the qualifications necessary for the successful discharge of the duties of the great and responsible office of a Bishop of Goulburn. I have every reason for believing that the prayers offered up have been graciously answered in the appointment of your Diocesan, and that the union, progress, and spirituality of the Church of England will be amongst the fruits of his labours. The Church of England in this part of the colony has long required additional episcopal oversight, and will, I trust, long continue to manifest an appreciation of the blessing by her de- velopment and extension under that spiritual superintendence which she will henceforth enjoy. To me it will be a cause of much thankfulness to witness the successful results of my right reverend brother's labour. I shall always retain a grateful recollection of my connexion with this diocese, and am thankful that I may still be permit- ted occasionally to visit you. I am grateful to you for your kind wishes on behalf of Mrs. Barker and myself, and cordially reciprocate them. I remain, my dear friends, faithfully and affectionately yours, F. SYDNEY. His Lordship resumed his seat amid much applause. ADDRESSES TO THE LORD BISHOP OF GOULBURN. On behalf of the clergy of the diocese the Rev. W. Sowerby then read the following address: To the Right Reverend Father in God, Mesac, Doctor of Divinity, Lord Bishop of Goulburn. MY LORD,-We, the undersigned, clergy of the diocese of Goul- burn, beg to congratulate your Lordship upon your arrival at the scene of your future labours, and in doing this we cannot refrain from expressing our heartfelt gratitude to Almighty God that, in his good providence, he has guided your steps in safety to this remote portion of the Queen's dominions. We have heard sufficient of your Lordship's former labours to convince us that, so far as human exertions can be expected to avail, we may fully rely upon your Lordship's zeal and ability to discharge efficiently the arduous duties of your im- portant mission; and we trust that Almighty God will abun- dantly bless the work in which you are engaged. We do assure your Lordship that you will have our united and earnest cooperation in carrying out whatever measures may be deemed conducive to the spiritual welfare of the diocese. We trust that between your Lordship and your clergy there may always exist that unity, peace, and concord which it is especially the aim of our blessed Master to inculcate upon all who bear his name. We would also express our warmest wishes for the welfare and happiness of Mrs. Thomas, the report of whose amiable qualities and good deeds has reached even to this far distant region. That your Lordship may be long spared to encourage by your example, and gladden us by your presence, is the earnest wish of your Lordship's obedient and faithful servants, W. SOWERBY, St. Saviours, Goulburn JAMES ALLEN, St. Andrew's, Braidwood THOMAS DRUITT, Christchurch, Cooma EDMUND B. PROCTER, Christchurch, Bungonia SAMUEL FOX, Wagga Wagga PIERCE GALLIARD SMITH, M.A., St John's, Canberra CHARLES HAMOR RICE, Gold-fields Chaplain DANIEL P.M. HULBERT, M.A., All Saints, Collector and Gunning A.D. SOARES, Christchurch, Queanbeyan JOHN STEELE, St. Matthias', Bombala A. B. BROWRIGG, Albury RICHD. LEIGH, St. Saviour's, Goulburn H. H. BRITTEN, Moruya. His Lordship delivered a reply ex tempore. He thanked the clergy from his heart for the kind and Christian manner in which they had welcomed him. It would have been impossible for him to have wit- nessed so many persons gathered together on the top of the hill outside the city without being deeply affected; because it was evident that the feelings of the people were very much occupied with the idea of there being a bishop appointed to the newly formed diocese of Goulburn. He returned them his most hearty thanks for the reception he had met with, and for the kind manner in which they had spoken of him. He ought perhaps to say that, notwithstanding what had been said by the Metropolitan, he in his own heart had shrunk from the undertaking to which he yet could not but feel that God had called him. He had come to Goulburn in the hope that the Holy Ghost would enable him more permanently to establish the church of Christ. He understood that there were hundreds who had no opportunity of attending the ministrations of the church, and he hoped to raise up a due supply of faithful ministers for those portions of his diocese. He thanked them most sincerely for the hope they had expressed that unity, peace, and concord might always exist between them; and should endeavour to find out and to remove the diffi- culties that might lie in their way, as well as to acquaint himself with their causes of encourage- ment. If he and the clergy were one in heart he should have no fear of their lovingly laboring toge- ther. He was thankful for the warm feelings they had expressed towards Mrs. Thomas. Mrs. Thomas had been engaged with him in England in works which had become with her labors of love, and which could not be left without some pain. But he doubted not that in this new diocese there would be found similar works of usefulness. He trusted that the laity would rally round them in their endeavours to carry the means of grace to those portions of the diocese where this was now so much needed; and that the Lord would bless them in their families and in their ministration was his humble and sincere prayer. Mr. W. P. Faithfull then read the following address, signed by fifteen hundred members of the Church of England: To the Right Reverend Father in God, Mesac, Lord Bishop of Goulburn, WE, the undersigned Laity of the Church of England resident in the District of Goulburn, desire to offer you a most hearty welcome, and to express our thankfulness to Almighty God for preserving you in health and safety during your prosperous voyage to this country. We would also express the strong love and devoted attach- ment we feel towards the Church; and hail with the greatest satisfaction your advent amongst us, as one who by a consistent course of life for many years in eminent Christian pursuits at home, is well calculated under God to increase her usefulness and to ensure her prosperity in this young but widely ex- tended Diocese. Whilst we thus congratulate ourselves and fellow churchmen in having one so experienced appointed to preside over our Church here, we promise your Lordship our hearty co-oper- ation in carrying on the great work the Church of England has before it in this land; and we look forward under God's bless- ing to many years of your stewardship over us. In presenting this address we add an equally hearty welcome to Mrs. Thomas, whose arrival we regard with real pleasure; and we trust that her residence in the Diocese may be alike agreeable to her, as we are sure it will be beneficial to us. Commending your Lordship and Mrs. Thomas to the care of our heavenly Father, we beg to subscribe ourselves your Lord- ship's affectionate and faithful servants, [Here follow the signatures.] His Lordship said that he had expressed to the clergy the sense of gratitude with which their kind reception had embued him, and he must now say the same to the laity. He thanked them from his heart that they had expressed their love for that church which, founded on the word of God, had been a bulwark against latitudinarianism and supersti- tion. Whatever the clergy might declare, this Book remained the same, and it taught the same every time they met together in public worship. He thanked the laity for what they had done hitherto in supporting the clergy, and in forming the diocese; and he hoped soon to give them more ample oppor- tunities of supporting their church. He hoped soon to bring into operation a church society; and then he trusted that the laity would give fresh proofs of the attachment which they felt to the church. He thanked them for their expressed desire to co-operate with him in his labors to extend the blessings of religion. He expressed a hope that the custom of speaking of the clergy as the church would cease. The laity were an essential portion of the church, and ought to work with the clergy. He should never complain if they worked more than he might be able to do; nor restrain them unless he felt that they were working more than what was good for their health. On behalf of Mrs. Thomas, as well as of him- self, he would say that he hoped they would find friends here. He trusted that they might all be found faithful servants of the Lord Jesus Christ, and that they he found working together to win souls of those who were now outside the church of Christ; and he prayed God that he would raise up an increased number of faithful servants so that His work might prosper. The meeting then separated. THE LUNCHEON. After the presentation of the addresses about sixty gentlemen isat down to luncheon at MIandelson's hotel, the bishops and clergy and the chancellor of the diocese being invited guests. Tholuncheon was served in that style for which duringhis former resi dence iii this city, Mr. Mandelson was noted, and comprised everything that could be desired. SThe chair was occupied by MIr. James Chisholm, having onhis right the Lord Bishop of Goulburn. Mr.'John Allman was vice-chairman, baving on his right the Lord Bishop the Metropolitan. MIessrs. Luke and Bull officiated as croupiers. Grace was said by the Lord Bishop Metropolitan. Justice having been done to the delicacies on the table, T.he Chairman rose, and with one or two brief in troductory remarks, proposed "the Queen." The toast having been duly responded to, TheChairman said that he could scarcely express tothem how anxiously he had looked forward to that day. His Lordship came among them almost a perfect stranger, and it was their duty, as surely it would be their pleasure, to make him comfortable, and to aid him in every possible way in carrying out his work. They must be aware that there were in the interior many young people growing up in al most total ignorance, which perhaps was not alto gether the fault of their parents, but from the want of all opportunities of instruction; and it behoved them to do all that was possible to assist their bishop in remedying this state of things. He felt assured that his Lordship would not be wanting in his en deavors to effect this, and that in every other way he would prove himself an example and a pattern to them all. He proposed " the Lord Bishop of Goul burn." The toast having been drunk amid enthusiastic cheers, The Bishop of Goutblurn in responding, gracefully acknowledged the cheers with which the toast had been received, and paid a high tribute to the worth of their bIetropolitan, to know whom was to love him, and to whoso kindness he professed himself under the deepest obligations. While hlie could scarcely hope that his efforts to tread in his steps would be wholly successful, it would be his highest aim to imitato him in his meektness, his wisdom, and his diligence. Believing that it was always more dilticult to follow another than to start in the first instance, yet relying on the cordial co-operation of the clergy and laity, he should go on in his alloted course. The proceedingas of that day afforded him the greatest possible en couragement; and hlie was sure that feelings similar to those which prompted them in preparing for him this wonderful reception prevailed olsolwhere as weoll as in Goulburn. On behalf of Mrs. Thomas and himself he might be permitted to say that they brought affection with them, and they hoped to meet with affection, and he felt sure that they would. Con trasting the vast extent of the newly formed see with that of some others, he showed that its proper episcopal oversight had necessitated its severaonce from the diocese of Sydney, and pointed out that not only would they require good clergymen but good horses too to perform their duties. He expressed a hope soon to see in his own home the clergy and such of the laity as could make it convenient. He begged to impress upon them that a bishop working alone would he powerless; but with the co operation of. the clergy and laity great things might be accomplished. At the earliest possible period he proposed to organiso a church society, which migihtremain in connection with the similar society which existed in Sydney so long as was necessary-perhaps for some six months-after which he trusted that they should be able to go on unaided. Ho should be glad to take counsel of his friends, so that no time should be lost in this matter. He hoped that the spiritual ways of the people of this diocese might hbe improved, and he trusted that his reverend brothren would find in him one willing to sympathiso with them and to give effect to their designs. His reception that day had been most gratifying; and on the previous day he had been equally pleased with a similar manifestation. Out side his diocoso he had been met by a number of friends who had conducted him over the first really bush road he had mot with; and his entry to his diocesowascelebratedwithprayerina small temporary church on its borders. Ho was greatly pleased for the feeling which that reception had manifested, and was much indebted to Mr. Proctor for his kindness on the occasion. That day they had by their won derful reception of him brought their Icindness to a climax. Imploring the blessing of God upon them, he promised to do his best to work with them and cause them to work with him in peace and harmony. Tho Chairman then proposed " the Lord Bishop the Metropolitan," bearing testimony to the interest ho had always taken in the welfaro of the southern districts. Tho toast having been most warmly received, His Lordship, in replying, expressed the happiness he felt in witnessing the final success of the work in which they had for years been engaged, whilo the promises of future co-operation increased his satisfaction, and made this the happiest day of his lifo. He felt that permanent good had now been bestowed on a very important part of the community. They had received in their bishop an English gentleman and an Eng lish clergyman-one who in one of the most im portant offices which could be assigned to aclergyman in the mother country, had won the highest opinions, and who was accompanied by his lady, of whom he would say-and nothing that he could say would bo higher praise than-that she was worthy of him. They had these leaving their friends and their workl which long continued habits had endeared to them most strongly, and throwing themselves into a com munity, to not one single soul of which they were known, for the only purpose of advancing tho work of God. They would find that whatever of! Christian sympathy, kindness, and friendliness whatever the highest efforts of English .clergymen could impart would be imparted by their bishop and his clergy. To their bishop it would remain to solve the problem of how to bring 'spiritual instruction and spiritual good to the dis tricts oftho interior. Ho would appeal to his friend the vice-chairman and ask whether the best efforts of a good magistrate and a vigilant police could deal with such a state of things as existed in the Aber crombio district. To deal with this was a problem, the solution of which must be attempted by their bishop. It might be said their own com-. munion did not supply all the offenders - and that the clergy of the Church of England would not have the means of reaching those who most nooded teaching ; for there was no doubt -and they ought not to shrink from saying it-that most of these people belonged to the Church of Home. But they might nevertheless so act as to do much good. If, when they had Hr. Kommis sta tioned in the Abercrombio district, they hadboon able to retain him there, he had no doubt that long ere this the fruits of his labour would have boon apparent in the improved state of society. Ite forring to the important question of education, his Lordship advocated the einployment of itinerant schoolmasters. Hoe considered, that the ques tion of their ability, in the present condition of the colony, to do without state-aid would be on its trial in-the diocese of Goulbumrn. His own opinion was that in a district where the people were not only unprepared to pay a clergyman but were unwilling to have him amongst them, it would be impossible to maintain him without assistance from some extraneous source. He would here tako the opportunity of saying something on a subject on which the Bishop of Goulburn must be silent, anti with respect to which, therefore, it behoved the laity to bestir themselves. The endowment of the s?eo of Goulbuirn whs far from suflicient. It ought at least to amountto £20,000. HIe should therefore feel very glad if some measures were at once taken to increase it; so that the position of the chlurch in Goulburn might be an example and not a warning to other parts of the colony. He should be very sorry if that were to be his farewell speech in Goulburn ; he hoped he should often come again among them as a wel come guest, and that so long as lifo might last there would be no other feelings between him and them than such as would render the people of Goulburn as glad to see him as ihe should be to see them. His Lordship resumed his seat amid much ap-. plause. Mr. Charles Kemp said, by way of carrying out the suggestion of his Lordlship the IMetropolitan, he should be happy to subscribe again the amount he had given already--£100. (Applause.) The Vice- chairman took .occasion to say that while all they had heard of their bishop proved that he would be faithful to his duties, those who had any experience in this colony would klnow that the clergy would be equally faithful. Ho bore testimony to the munificence of the Campbell family, with whom the idea of founding the bishopric had originated, and concluded by proposing "the Visitors." The Bishop of Goulburn bore similar testimony to the obligations under which Mlr. Campbell and the family of that name had placed him and his diocese. Mr. Charles Kemp responded to the toast. He pointed out the anomalous position of a church with out a bishop, referring to the time when this colony was under the clharge of Archdeacon Broughton, and subordinate to the see of Calcutta. Now, in this and the adjoining colonies, there were from twenty to five-and-twenty bishops. He urged the necessity of increased liberality in providing funds. Hio be lieved thiere were many wealthy men among them, and considered that the communion-table of the cathedral was supplied so badly as to be a reproach to them. Mr. Charles Campbell, the chancellor of the diocese, being called on, also responded. Ho re grettcd that on his returnl to the colony after an absence of ten years he did not think its moral tone equal to that which prevailed when he left it. There seemed to be among the young men of Sydney an absence of that veneration for England and things English which formerly characterised society there; but he trusted that in this respect Sydney was not taken as an example by the rest of tihe colony. To make the conntry what it ought to be they must leaven it with the leaven of the Church of England. The permanency of their connoexion with the mother country depended in a great measure on the progress made by the Church of England; fdr no dissenter, whether of the Church of Romo or other wise, could have the same feelings of attachment to the English constitution as members of the Church of Englaed. Iec did not say this to cause un pleasant feelings. Hlie could mingle with those of other creeds in friendliness and goodwill. But they could not have the same feelings with respectto their connexion with thIe mother country, as those who belonged to the Church of England. Probably he differed from many who were present in regarding the abolition of state-aid as the greatest blessing which could have befallon the Church of Eng land. People were growing up seeing all churches alike supported, and this led to a belief that it was of little consequence to what church they belonged. That their own church should be really successful, it was necessarl3y that they should do as their ancestors had done. The institutions they met with in England were not founded by the eleemosynary aid of the state; but by the voluntary gifts of the country gentlemen and the merchants. It had been shown that the best and most permanent endowment was that of land; and those who now made gifts of this nature had the satisfaction of klinowing that though in their own time the value might be small it would hereafter be very great. The same with respect to educational establishments. LIe pointed out that had edu cational establishments been endowed when Bishop Broughton had pointed out their duty to the colo nists, seats in the legislature need not now be left to mere adventurera. Mr. Faithfull, after saying that Mr. Campbell must not judge of the feeling of the young men of the colony generally from those he had met in Syd ney, proposed the health of IMrs. Thomas. The toast was drunk with enthusiasm and suit ably resonded to by the bishop. The Bishop of Goulburn then proposedthe elergy, couplifig the name of the Rev. \V. Soweorby, of whom he spoke in terms of high praise. The Rtov. MIr. Sowerby, who appeared much af focted, returned thanks on behalf of the clergy and himself. Grace was then said by the Meotropolitan, and the company separated. Miss.Bennett and Mies Sophia told me so be fore I came away. You don't know how useful they began to find me with the little ones. Take the money, papa, dear, if you want it." ?Ir. Vane tunned upon his daughter with almost tragic indignation. "'Eleanor," he said, " do you know me so little that you dare to insult me by such a proposition as this? No; if I were starving I[ would not take this money. Am I so lost and degraded that even the child I love turns upon me in my old age?" The hand which held the bank notes trem bled with passionate emotion as the old man spoke. "Papa, darling," Eleanor pleaded, "in deed, indeed, I did not mean to wound you." "Let me hear no more of this, then, Eleanor; let me hear no more of it," answered Mr. Vane, drawing himself up with a dignity that would have becom a classic toga, rather than the old man's fashionable over-coat. "I am not angry with you, my darling, I was only hurt, I was only hurt. My children have never known me, Eleanor, they have never known me. Codue, my dear." Mlr. Vane put aside his tragic air, and plunged into the Rue St. Honord, where he called for a packet of gloves that had been cleaned for him. HIe put the gloves in his pocket, and then strolled back into the Rue Castiglione, looking at the vehicles in the roadway as he went. He was waiting to select the most elegantly appointed of the hackney equipages crawling slowly past. "It's a pity the government insist on putting a painted badge upon them," he said thoughtfully. "When I last called on Madame Marly, Charles the Tenth was at the Tuileries, and I had my travelling chariot and-pair at Meurice's, besides a britska for Mrs. Vane." He had pitched upon a very new and shining vehicle, with a smart coachman, by this time, and he made that half-hissing, half-whistling noise peculiar to Parisians when they call a hackney carriage. MEleanor sprang lightly into the vehicle, and spread her flowing muslin sklirts upon the cushions as she seated herself. The passers by loloked admiringly at the smiling young Anglaise with her white bonnet and nimbus of glittering hair. "An Bois, cocher," Mr. Vane cried, as he took his place by his daughter. He had bought a tiny bouquet for his button-hole near the Madeleine, and he selected a pair of white doeskin gloves, and drei" them carefully on his well-shaped hands. He was as much a dandy to-day as he had been in those early days when the Prince and Brummel were his exalted models. The drive across the Place da le Concorde, and along the Champs Elyodes was an ex quisite pleasure to Eleanor Vane; but it was even yet more exquisite when the light carriage rolled away alpng one of the avenues in the Bois de Boulogne, where the shadows of the green leaves trembled on the grass, and all natuire rejoiced beneath the cloudtles August sky., The day was a shade too hot perhaps, and bhad' been certainly growing hotter since noon, but Eleanor was too happy to remember that. "Howv nice it is to be with you, papa, dar ling," she said, "and how I wish I wasn't going to this school. I should be so happy in that dear little lodging over the butcher's, and I could go out as morning governess to some French children, couldn't I? Ishouldn't cost you much, I know, papa." MNr'. Vane shook his head. "No, no, my love. Your education must be completed. Whyshould you be less ac complisthed than your'sisters? You shall oc cupy as brilliant a position as over they occu pied, my love, or abetter one, perhaps. You have een me under a cloud, Eleanor; but you shall see the sunshineyet. You'll scarcely cnow your old father, my poor girl, whenyou see him in the position he has been used to occupy; yes, used to occupy, my dear. This lady we are going to see, MIadame Marly, she remembers, my love. She could tell you what sort of a man George Vane was five and-twenty years ago." The house in which the fashionable school mistress who had "finished" the elder daugh ters of George Vane still received her pupils, was a white-walled villa, half-hidden in one of the avenues of the Bois de Boulogne. The little hired carriage drew up before a door in the garden-wall, and a portress came out to reply to the coachman's summons. Unhappily, the portress said Madame was not at home. Madame's assistants were at home, and would be happy to receive Mion sieur and MIademoiselle. That might be per laps altogether the same thing, the portress ietardu eanrt -u- -- ---- heard particulsrs. ry IFooT RAc~E.-A foot race for £10 a-side came offi o IheO race-couree, on Thursday lnast, betweenoo Mesrs. Stoehohson. and Sprolo, distance one hundred vards. Vhon the word off was given by ITI1. 11 Badgery, who had been • appointed starter, Sp oul did not start, and his opponent, after running tbodistance, was declared the winner. During the nilOrnoon another match for a like amount was maae betwcon the same partieos, to be started by the firicig of a pistol. Stephonson won this race after a raAt~O oleagglo, his opponent being only about oighccn inches behind. A thir tch tocomo off ina fortnight between the same parties for £50 a-eido. ELELCION or COlrncB?lkwADNoS, DvUNxo NIA AIND MA.uLAN.-Tho following gentlemen have boon e!ckted churchwierdens for Christ Church, Bungonia: -.'essrB. W r. Broadhead and T. Clark. For St. PauI 's, Mtarulan-MessrO . A. D. Faunce, E Payton, ad1 J. Pallior No churchwardens have yet boon Ipliointed for St. Bartholomew's, Windellima. 1', oLIOE ZErPOonT.-On WeOdnesday Morgan Davis, ?or assaulting Benjamin Whito, was ordered to find h..'dtics to keep the. poece, .or go to jail for seven Si>ys. Benjamin Bowtoll, on the complaint of his fril., wasordered to find sureties to keep the peace tr :ix months. Ellon, alias Mary Smith, for steal Pm); a cloak, valued at ten shillings, the property of il.,t.ry Christie, so far back as August, 1862, was son b.r:eod one month in jail. A charge of furious riding i '1. ilst Philip 1Mollin, was dismissed. The same kIL'Jndant for using obsceno languago was fined 20s. aY' Iliam Gategood for violently assaulting his wife, l'.. sent to jail for six months, at the expiration of n i t ime to find sureties to keep the peace. A case Sc rescuing cattle, in which Walter leynolds was Cep' aiplainant, and Edward Smith Hall dufondant, Wt:, postponed till tho 11th instant. In n case for a1ýi· ging excessive damages, in which John Cain ,I I complainant, and John Hyland dofendant, tho '1:u:agos were reduced from 7s. 6d. per head, to ls. ir head, and defendant ordered to pay costs. A d;ra. for maliciously injuring a dog, in which Sophia I~{hissington owas complainant, and James R. Styles f '.4 Lawrenco Kelly defendants, tho bench delclined ,to make any order. Julius Shultz, for assaulting ellTohn Campbell, was fined forty ashillings.-On g ihkarsday George Hinclisman for drunlenness, wan 'ilEchcargcd. ~N Xer1 ISTw.-On Wecdnesday Dr. WIaugh held an in TjnIst in the jail on the body of Marlth IRichards, i d'three weolks, tho illegitimate child of a female cle, soner by a Chinaman. It appears that the j i th'Or had beon admitted into jail on the 22nd Mrr. Vane bore patiently with his daughter's enthusiastic admiration of the diamonds and the paste, thie glittering realities and almost as glittering shams in the jeweller's windows. Eleanor wanted to look at everything, the trinkets, and opera-glasses, and prortmanteaus, and china,--overything was new and beauti f ll The fountain was playing; noisy chil dren were running about amongst equally noisy nurses and idle loungers. A band was playing close to the fountain. The chinking of tea-spoons, and cups and saucers, sounded in the Caf' de la Rotonde: pleople had not begun to dine yet, but the windows and glazed nooks in tie doorways of the restau rants were splendid with their displays of gigantic melons, nud dewy purple grapes, cucumbers, pears, tomatoes, and peaches. George Vane allowced his daughter to linger a long time befobre all the bshops. He was rather ashamed of her exuberant delight ind unrestrained entlhusiasm; for so much pleasure in these simple things was scarcely consistent wcithi that haut tor which the old man still affected even in his downfall. But Ihe had not the heart to interfere with his daughter's lhappliness--was it not strange happiness to him to have this beautiful crea tureo with him, clinging to his arm, and look ing up at him with a face that was glorified by her innocent joy ? They left the Palais Royal at Inst, before Ihalf its delights were exhausted, as Eleanor thoughlt, and went through the Rue Richlelieu to the Place de la Bourse, where MIr. Vane's eager companion looked wistfully at the doors of the theatre opposite the great Temple of Commerce. "Oh, papa," she said, "how I should like to go to a theatre to- night." Miss Vane had seen a good deal of the En glish drama during her Chelsea life, for' the old man knew some of the London manager's, men who remembered him in his prosperity, and were glad to give him admission to their boxes now and then, out of pure benevolence. But the Parisian theatres seemed mysteriously delightful to Eleanor, inasmuch as they welre strange. " Can you get tickets for the theatres here, papa," she askled, "as you used in London ?" Mr. Vane shrugged his shoulders. "No, my love," he said, "it's not quite such an easy matter. I kInow a man who writes farces now and then for the Funam bules-a very clever fellow-but he doesn't get many orders to give away, and that's not exactly the theatre I should like to take you to. I'll toll you what, though, Eleanor, I'll take you to the Porto St. Martin to-night why should I deny my child an innocent plea sure?-I'll takle you to the Porte St. n'artins, unless-" George Vane paused, and a gloomy shadow crept over his face-a shade that made him look an old man. His youthfulness of ap pearance entirely depended upon the buoyancy ofa nature which contended with age. The moment his spirits sank he looked what he was-an old man. "Unless what, papa, dearest?" Eleanor asked. "I-I had an appointment for to-night, my love, with- with a couple of gentlemen, who-. But I won't keep it, Eleanor,-no, no, I'11 not keep it. I'11 take you to the theatre. I can afford you that pleasure." "Dear, dear papa, you never refuse me any pleasure; but it would be so selfish of me to ask you to break your appointment with these two gentlemen. You had better kIeep it." "No, no, my dear--I'd-it would be better-perhaps. Yes, I'll take you to the Porte St. Martin." Mr. Vane spoke hesitatingly. The shadow had not left his face. Had his daughter been less occupied by the delights of tihe Parisian shops, the novelty and gaiety of the crowd, she must surely have observed the change in that idolised father. But she observed nothing, she could reo member nothing but her happiness. This glorious day of reunion and delight seemed indeed the beginning of a new life. She looked back wonderingly at the dull routine of her boarding-school existence. Could it be possible that it was only a day or two since she was in the Brixton school-room hearing the little ones, the obstinate in corrigible little ones, their hateful lessons, their odious monotonous repetitions of dry facts about William the Conqueror and Buenos Ayres, taoe maniacture of tallow candles, and the nine parts of speech? They strolled on the boulevard till six o'cloclc, and then ascended the shining stair ease of a restaurant on the Boulevard Poissonnier, where Eleanor saw herself re flected in so many mirrors that she was almost bewildered by the repetition of her own auburn hair and white bonnet. "? eh long saloons were filled with eager progr!rs, who looked up from their knives and og .fs as the English girl went by. SWe dine laI carte here," her father the cspered : this is a fete day, and I mean cultivive you a first- class dinner." smal?Ir. Vane found a vacant table in an open : P.0ldow. The house was at a corner of the truea levnrd, and this window looked down the grceattvded thoroughfare towards the Madeleine. but tianor exclaimed once more as th prospect tuio at upon her, and she saw ail the boulevard in tbh its gay splendour, spread our, as it were, th t'ier feet; but her father was too busy with wvlth waiter and the carte to observe her mani A tion of delight. this. Ir. Vane was an epicure, and prided him is a upon his talent for ordering a dinner. aro hre was a good deal ofjinesse displayed by 'hte now-a-days in the arrangement of a re roon; for poverty had taught him all kinds lhns blittle diplomatic contrivances whereby atimight, as it were, mingle economy and avoi.avagance. He ordered such and such lann6ds "for one," intending- to divide them still;l his child. A few Ostend oysters, some ,thatp-pi.e criy'-a little dish of beef and riclle, a sole normanlsd, a quarter of a ronst toni?ken, andl a Charlotte 1'lombi'?,es. nt was a long time since Eleanor had eaten Sof her fat~her's opicurean feasts, and she nitamplo justice to tho dinner, oven in spite Flyli over-recurrent distractions upon the t-wolovard below. t'ho dishes followed each other slowly, for our unresting waiters had many claimants on Flilr attention, snd thie sun was low in the nUldless western sky when Mr. Vane and his :_sglhter left the restaurant. It was nearly arolhtl; the lights began to shline oue through w ot white mist, for the heat hoad grown more more oopreesive as the dny had declined. ip Parrisius, sitting at !ittle marblo tablos the pavement outside the cafs, faanned themselves with their newspapers, and drank offervcscing drinks peortinaciously. It was a night upon which one should have had nothing more laborious to do than to sit outside Tor toni's anl eat ices. The noise and clamour, the oppressiove heat, the bustle and confusion of the people rush ing to the theatres, made Elcanor's head ache. One cannot go on being unutterably happy for ever, and perhaps the day's excitement had been almnost too much for this young school-girl. She had walked long distances alrenadv upon the burning asphalto of tile wondlerfTl city, and she was beginning to be tired. Mr. Vane never thought of this: he had been accustomed to walk about tiday afeter day, and sometimes all day-fbr what should a lonely Englishman dlo in Paris but walk about? -nod le forgot that the fatigue might be too much for his daughter. HIe walked on, therefore, with Eleanor still clinging to his arm; past the Ambigi, beyond the Bar ridre St. Antoine; and still the long lamp-lit boulevard stretclhed before them, away into immeasurable distance, as it appeared to Miss Vane. The lhot white mist seemed to grow denser as the esening ntadvaced; the redt sun blazned and flashed on every available scrap of crys tal ; the gas-lamps, newly illumined, strovo against that setting stun. It was all light, andti heat, and noise, and confusion, Eleanor thought, upon the boulevard. Very splendlid, of course, but rather bewildering. Sho would have boeen glad to sit down to rest upon one of the benches on the edge of the pavement; but, as her father did not seem tired, sale still walked on, patiently and un complainingly. " We'll go into one of the theatres presently, Nelly," Mir. Vane said. HI-Io habd recovered his spirits under tihe in vigorating influence of a bottle of Cliquot's champagne, andti the gloomy shadow had quite passed away from his face. It was nearly nine o'clock, and quite dark, when they turnedt towards the Madeleine again, on the way back to the Porte St. Mlartin. They had not gone far when Mr. Vane stopped, suddlenly confronted by two young men who were walking arm-in-arm. " HIulloa l" one of them cried in French, "you have served us a lhandsome trick, my friend." George Vane stammered out an apology. His daughter had returned from school, he said, and he wished to show her Paris. "Yes, yes," the Frenchtmtn answered; "but we were aware of Mademoiselle's in tended return, and it was arranged in spite of that that we shoult meet this evening: was it not so, my friiend?" He asked this question of his companion, who nodded rather sulkily, and turned away with a half weary, half dissatisfied air. Eleanor lookled at the two young men, wondering what new friends her fitther had made in Paris. The Frenclhman was short and stout, and had a fair floridt conm plexion. Eleanor was able to see this, fbr his face was turned to the Inmp-light, as he talked to her father. He was rather slhowily dressed, in fashionable cut clothes, that looked glossy and new, and he twirled a short silver headed cane in his gloved hands. The other man was tall and slender, shab bily anti untidily dressed in garments of a rakish cut, that hung loosely about him. Ilis bands were thrust deep in the pockets of liis loose overcoat, and his hat was slouched over his forehead. Eleanor Vane only caught one passing glimpse of this man's faee as he turned sulkily nway; but she could see the glimmer of apair of bright, restless, black eyes undtler the shadow of his hat, and tile fierce curve of a very thick black moustache, which completely concealed his mouth. He had turned, not towards the lighted shop windows, but to the roadway; and he was amusing himself by kickling a wisp of straw to and f'ro upon the sharp edge of the curbstone, with the toe of his shabby patent- leather boot. The Flrenchman drew George Vane aside, and htalked to him for a few minutes in an undlertone, gesticulating after the manner of his nation, and evidently persuading the old man to do something or other which he shrank ifiom doing. But Mi'. Vane's resist ance seemed of a very feeble nature, and the Frenchman conqueredl, fobr his last bshrug was one of triumph. Eleanor, standing by her self, midway between the sulky young man opon the curbstone and her father and the Frenchman, perceived this. She looked up anxiously as MIr. Vane returned to lier. " My love," the old man said, hositatingly, nervously trifling with his glove as he spoke, " do you think you could find your way back to the Rue de l'Archevtquoe?" " Find my way back ? Why, papaf" " I-I moan, could you find your way back a-alone." "Alone!" She echoed the word with a look of min gled disappointment and alarm. "Alone, papa ?" But here the Frenchman interposed eagerly. Nothing was more simple, he said: Made moiselle had only to walk straight on to tie fuis Neuve des Petits Champs; she would then, and then He ran off into a string of rapid directions, not one of which Eleanor heard. She was' looking at hier fathler, Heaven knows how earnestly, for she saw in his face, in his ner vous hesitating manner, something that told her there was some sinister influence to be dreadetlod fiom this garrulous, eager French man and his silent companion. "Papa, dear," she said, in a low, almost imploring voice, "do you really wish me to go back alone ?" " Why-iwhly, you see, my dear, I-Idon't exactly wish--but there are appointments which, as Monsieur remarks, not-not un reasoneebly, should not be broken, and-" "You swil stay out late, papa, perhaps, with these gentlemen-" "' No, no, my love, no, no; for an hour or so; not longe'r." Eloanor looked uip sorrowfully in the feca sho loved so dearly. Vague memories of grief and trouble in the past, mingled with as vague a presentiment of trouble in the future, filled her minld;she clasped hcer hands im ploringly upon her father's arm. -"Cotne home with meo to-nighlt, papa," sit said. "It is my first night at homeo. Come black atnd we'll play dcarte as we used at Chelsea. You remembert teaching mle." tMr. Vane started, as if the tendtler grasp upon his arm had stung into his flesh. I-I can't come home to-night, Eleanor. At least, not for an hour. T'herc--ther' are social lavws, my der, which musIt be observed; and when-when a gentleman is asked to give another his revenge, hl--ho can't refuse. I'11 pot you into a carriage, my darling, if you think you can't find your way." "Oh, no, pLna, doner, it's not that. I can find my way." The Frenchinan here interposed for thle second time with some complimentary speech, addressed to Eleanor, who very imlperfectly understood its purport. He had slipped his arm through that of George Vane, taking possession of him in a manner by that friendly gesture. In all this time the other man had never stirred from his sulky attitude upon the edgeo of the pavement. Mr. Vaneo too!k his daughter's hand. "I amn sorry I can't take you to the theatre, my love," hlie said in the same hesitating man ner. " I-I regret that you slhould be dis appollinted, but-good night, my dear, good night. I shall be home by eleven; but don't sit uip for me; don't on any account sit up." He prIessed her hand, held it for a few moments, as if scarcely knowing wlhat to do with it, and then suddenly dropped it, with something of a guilty manner. 'lThe Frenchman, with his arm still linking in the olsd man's, wheeled sharply round, and walked away to;wards the B3arriero Saint Antoine, leaving Eleanor standing alone amongst thle passers-by, looking wistfully after her itsther. Thle other man looked up as the Frenchman led IMr. Vane away, and slowly lbllowed themn, with his heald bont and his hands in hIis pockets. Eleanor stood quite still watching her father's erect figure, the short Frenchman, and the tall, sulky stranger following the other two, until all three were out ofsight. Tlhen turning homewards with a Ihalf-reipressed sigh, she looked sadly down the long lamp-lit vista. It was very beautiful, very gay, brilliant, and slilendid; but all that sllendoulr and gaiety m'stle her feel only the more lonely, now that hor father had left her. T'he first day, the natal day of her new lif?e, seemed to end very drearily, after all. (bo be eontirtcsd. 