GIPPS LAND. A Large Shark. — The harbor-master's crew caught a shark, on Tuesday last, eleven feet six inches in length. The enormous brute was har pooned, and dragged the boat about for a consider able time, the crew enjoying the fun immensely. After killing him it was proposed to put him in the bathing place, but fear that ladies might be fright joke. The men must have had good pluck to fasten on to such a monster, when their boat was only tha schooner's little dingy. — Gipps Land Guardian, January 22. The Great Eastern a Haunted Ship. — In course of a paper read by Captain Paton, relative to tha repairs of the Great Eastern, he stated that an im pression got abroad that the ship was haunted, the alleged ghost being that of an unfortunate rivetter, who was heard plying his avocation in one of tha wells or compartments. Captain Paton stated that before the vessel left this country he believed that one of the men employed in her construction was missing. The man was a rivetter; ho wa« missed from the ship, and never came for his wages, the supposition being that he had been rivetted up in some part of the vessel. So firmly impressed were some of the men with this idea that they left the ship in consequence. They affirmed that they had heard their departed friend busily engaged rivetting in the middle of the night. Tho story was believed by many persons in New York, and on one occasion while the ship was under repair a diver signalled to be drawn up. He ap peared pale with fright, and declared tho ghost of tho rivetter was busy in tho bottom part of the ship; in fact that he began rivetting imme diately over his head. Such was the consternation amongst the divers that they called in tho aid of ^ one of the spirit mediums, who are somewhat numo rons in the city of New York. The medium came on board ship, and after an examination declared that the missing man was there both ' in body and spirit.' Fortunately he (Captain Paton) by pure accident was enabled to dispel the illusion. Being in a boat -near tho bows of tho ship, ho discovered that a swivel conueoted with the moorings worked to and fro, the movement causing a chink or vibra tion which, sit times, more especially at night, was heard throughout tho vessel. It was this sound which had conjured up, in connection with the sup posed fate of the iinfortuato rivetter, tho phantom, whose mysterious doings Bpread such consternation on board tho big ship. — Liverpool Albion. ? ? '? v ? ? ? ? i 