Wbt wants returning craters TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1864. The after-dinner speech of Mr. Parkes to two hundred electors of Braidwood will repay the perusal of our readers who take an interest in the opinions and aspirations of that gentleman. Mr. Parkes holds it a remarkable fact, calculated to inspire with confidence the patriots of future days, that he, after being neglected and rejected in various parts of the colony where best known and often seen, has been solicited by the people of Braidwood first to stand as a candidate (unhappily without success and then to dine with them. Braidwood is not indeed the most conspicuous or important part of the colony, and we have seen testimonials from that township on behalf of a person of great notoriety but with whom we should not think of comparing Mr. Parkes which would abstract considerably from the social value of any document which may emanate from that quarter. The " toast of the evening was " Our Guest, and the true principles of British government." We may assume, therefore, that Mr. Parkes is the ideal of these principles, and the lamentable fact is too patent that in his late rejection those principles were also rejected. The musicians must certainly have made a mistake in the time by which this toast was floated on the ear-" See the conquering Hero comes !" One would have supposed that something more plaintive and less triumphant would have been suitable to the occasion. Mr. Parkes, indeed, speaks with satisfaction of this tribute. He calls this dinner " an ovation." As sure as eggs is eggs" it is somewhat before its time. We looked with considerable interest for the speech of Mr. Parkes, to find, if possible, some light thrown upon our condition, by one who holds himself so largely its author, and the enunciation of some specific remedies by which, if possible, it might be improved. He does not mainly differ from the estimate of this journal as to the character of the Assembly, although his language, perhaps, is a little beyond those limits of decorum which we are accustomed to prescribe to ourselves. "A more mischievous and dangerous body than the Assembly (he observes), as it now exists, could scarcely be conceived of in a free country mischievous and dangerous alike from its inexperience, its self conceit, and its utter want of self-respect and of a just sense of Us duties and responsibilities" Precisely so, Mr. Parkes ! It was an Assembly of this character this journal predicted during those long discussions in which Mr. Parkes and the party with whom he associated were victors, and when the Herald was denounced as an enemy of the liberties of the people. Having come to a fair agreement with respect to the state of the facts as they are now confessed, it would be cheering if we could concur in the cases and the remedies. But Mr. Parkes attributes as the chief cause, the desertion of our more qualified and educated public men, who, he says, spirited lessly abandoned their posts at the first storm of popular displeasure." We have fresh in our memory the effort of our educated men to obtain a fair influence in our Legislature. So far from rigorously adhering to antiquated routine, or denying the people their rights, they used sometimes language too complainant, and seemed to consent to a revolution from which their own better judgment received. But the choice of the electors was under the inspiration of men in the position of Mr. Parkes. He is right in saying that he exercised at one time a large influence over the popular mind that he embodied to them the ideal of democracy. He had its apparent seriousness, its thoroughness, its hatred of supeiiorities, its veneration of abstract principles, and its contempt for their consistent application. He represented to the people that the mischiefs under which they laboured were the result of contrivance, and attributable to the men who are, perhaps, the only persons I entitled to ask for recognition as gentlemen, I if any can claim that title in this country. They did not renounce their political status. They were driven from the poll. Combinations of the most elaborate kind were made to prevent their return. Those who had been on terms of good will with them for years together were taught to regard them as! good men possibly in private life, for this could not always be denied, but detestable as public men. The lowest and most ignorant were commended to the popular confidence. Can any one be surprised that the city fell into the hands of representatives whose character is fitly depicted by Mr. Parkes? People of education and leisure who are best qualified to serve the country will not submit to the outrages of a mob, howling about them, and hounding them at the bidding of ruffians. They cannot offer promises which their knowledge of life teaches would be an insult to sensible men, and a delusion to fools. Whenever, therefore, they appeal to popular suffrage worked by such machinery as sets it too often in motion, they will be rejected except by accident, or except in some of those seasons where popular humour may for a time pitch its idols into a corner or trample upon them in the dust. There are indeed times when the popular mind undergoes a revulsion. We fancy, notwithstanding the honour paid to Mr. Parkes, that he is suffering an eclipse. There was a time when either of those constituencies by which he has been rejected would have carried learn triumphantly against all competitors, It often happens, too, as a I just retribution, that men who have once lost the popular confidence can never recover it. The ghosts of their former blunders or corruption rise up and face them in every banquet, and cry out hypocrite on every hustings. But so long as the people are uneducated so long as the majority of votes are in the hands of persons having no fixed status in the community or knowledge of its interests-the constitution of an Assembly will be under degrading influences, and the votes of members will be open for sale. What is the use of expecting that men who have nothing but their politics to recommend them, or to live upon, will enter the Assembly but with the view of promoting their own welfare. They would be criminal to spend their time and neglect their families but in this hope. They expect in some way or other to improve their condition and to compensate for the employment of their nights and days in politics-so called. It is true that a wild ambition often enters inexperienced minds and they spend half their life in the pursuit of a shadow ; but so long as the Assembly is the place to obtain power and to share patronage, necessitous men will seek it, and, we fear, that the lower class of voters will bestow it, as an act of sovereignty, which delights them, and will yield to that ascendancy which unscrupulous and vociferous men exercise upon the uneducated mind. Mr. Parkes has given us good advice but it comes too late. Some might be astonished, as Mr. Parkes seems to have thought, to hear such language from his lips. "It might, he says, " sound strange, coming from him, but he did not fear being suspected of subserviency to any particular class in advising them to be cautious in trusting their liberties to men newly sprung from among themselves, or to men who showed too great an eagerness to secure their votes, but rather on all occasions, let them select as their representatives the true English gentleman "-Mr. Parkes very sagaciously adds, as a saving clause-" if they could find him." He then gives an example in the immortal Hampden-a rather small variety of the human species in every country, and not to be expected where men have "jumped" their liberties without performing any other toil than bawling down their antagonists. We are not likely to have very many men of this high caste ; but what we might have though far inferior probably to Mr. Parkes' ideal-would be men who have some interest in the country, who have made their own fortunes by honest and upright industry, and who, having the leisure which competence affords, could pay some attention to the public weal. If we have not misjudged Mr. Parkes in his past conduct, he Has been little tolerant of those men whose position and spirit have rendered them independent of all mob influence and authority, and who were utterly averse to the absolute leadership of any patriot by profession. Mr. PARKEs suggests that we should imitate the Americans in having a school book like the book of Judge Story-an excellent work. But Judge Story would tell a very different tale of our electoral law to that of its authors. Judge Story announced to his country in the hours of peace and prosperity when nothing seemed to check the development of American liberty, that the time would come when its popular Constitution might perish by its own hands. He did not expect it so soon, or the results which have shocked mankind, but he did tremble for American freedom when he saw that it depended on the despotism of majorities. All intelligent men have come to the conclusion (and we hope Mr. Parkes may be numbered among them) that universal suffrage is the curse of any country where it can be exercised by an unedu- cated and floating population. We looked with some curiosity to the remedies which might be suggested by so experienced a politician ; but Mr. Parkes has done little in this way. To say that common schools should be multiplied -that the administration of public lands should be improved-that taxation should not interfere with industry and commerce are general propositions which lead men to nothing. Mr. Parkes, however, approaches something like an opinion when he suggests bounties instead of protection. We prefer, indeed, a bounty because it is an open sacrifice of public property of a limited amount for the advantage of an individual enterprise. It must be justified or condemned in each instance upon its own merits, and we doubt its applicability to any State in the nineteenth century, where commerce brings the commodities of all countries to each, and determines whether, in spite of its facilities, it is better to buy than to produce. I Mr. Parkes is rather obscure upon the question of immigration. We are glad to see, however, that he admits its utility. He informs us that the absolute dishonour of barrenness has passed from himself and his colleague in their mission to England. Years have elapsed in gestation, thousands of pounds have been spent, and we thought without any other malt than the spending ; but Mr. Parkes can now say that a shipowner with whom he had made arrangements (we presume, with whom he had conver- sation-for arrangements were not in his power has brought out no less than 25 steerage passengers, and that some of these have called upon him to renew an acquaintance which they made in England. Such is the result of his travels, such the return for a thousand a year and costs and from this he infers that it would be beneficial to have a permanent agent to hold similar conversations. Mr. Parkes has not admitted, as he ought to have done, that the distance from Australia compared with America is so great that unless a bridge can. be preserved at the public expense it is just impossible for any great number of people to select Australia as their home. They will come in driblets-if they possess some capital and much confidence ; but they will never appear but as in detachments of a score-if even so many may be reckoned in this recently arrived ship. The time may have come when, from various causes, immigration must be abandoned by the State. We fear the sacrifice of our land fund will prove fatal to it. But, at all events, it is useless after an embassy so distinguished composed of men so eminent, and so zealous-has failed be utterly, to think of more embassies and more costs. We must take our chance with the pit of the world. Mr. Parkes announced to the electors that he has no political object in his dinner, and that perhaps he may never get into Parliament again. We heard a pretty wench once tell her admirers that she never expected to get married. Every one understood the joke, and that she was perfectly confident the question was only one of choice and of her own choice. Mr. Parkes may obtain a seat in Parliament. We have no wish to see him always rejected. He may become the leader of a party. This seems to be more improbable, not from want of ability but want of power to attach to himself those who will confide in his political consistency and party honour. He may become a Minister, when the distinction and emoluments of office will doubtless reconcile him to many things that appear now unattractive or repulsive. We accept with pleasure some of those implied recantations which are at least hinted without being avowed in his speech and though we do not expect he will give us any credit for the assertion, while we are repugnant to his first principles and present pretentiousness, we are not at all antagonistic to any aspirations which with more mature judgment and clearer views of political life . he may cherish of being here- after a better guide and friend of his adopted country. To be so he must express his opinions less in the language of censure, for he requires much to be forgotten, and be more definite in his statement of the ameliorations he is anxious to promote. Tub records of the police courts and the criminal sessions show painfully that the tendency to crime amongst us is not on the , wane, and that we cannot for the present anticipate any reduced expenditure in respect of prisons or police. We cannot trace crime home to ignorance, ! for it does not appear that education is a safe- I guard against those crimes that bring men to the bar of justice. This fact in no way lessens the I obligations the community is under to promote to the utmost the spread of education, nor does it invalidate the fact that education is I worth to the community immensely more than it costs. The arguments in favour of an educated people are so overwhelmingly strong that they do not need propping up by any doubtful or un- tenable assertions. And it is clearly an over- statement to say that the schoolmaster can supersede the policeman, and that education is a preventive of crime. We constantly find not only that persons who have enjoyed the advantages of a good common school education, but even those who have had a superior education, are tempted to the commission of crime. In spite of the fact that they know well what is right and wrong, in spite of the knowledge that crime seldom escapes detection and punishment, in spite of the certain loss of character and social position that follows exposure, young men of good education are found to abuse the confidence of their employers and their friends, and commit gross and inexcusable frauds. It evidently needs something more than knowledge to make men moral. Nor can we say that poverty is the great inducement to crime. Want, undoubtedly, gives a great stimulus to temptation; and under its influence men sometimes yield who had previously maintained a good reputa- tion. But on looking closely into our criminal list, we cannot trace that poverty has actually been the stimulus. There is poverty at the present time in the colony ; there are many who are sorely puzzled to find food for their families, and who have been reduced to this condition by a succession of calamities over which they had no control. But the criminals are not drawn from this distressed class. The men who are sent to prison are not men who could not earn a living out of it, and who robbed to satisfy hunger. On the contrary, some of them are men above the average competency in some occupations, and who have devoted to vice and fraud abilities that, if honestly exercised, would have secured com- petency. It is not poverty that is filling our prisons, nor can we hope that better times will find us more virtuous. In training the rising generation too much importance cannot be attached to moral education. The inculcation of knowledge is important the discipline of the intellectual powers is still more important; but the formation of character is the most important of all, and all school discipline is imperfect that does not recognise this fact. But while it is the most important it is the most difficult, and partly for this reason it has been largely neglected. Power is good, but it needs good guidance or it may be turned to bad uses. Knowledge and sharpened faculty are great helps to a man who knows how to use them rightly; but to the man of vicious impulses who cannot control himself they may prove a curse. It would have been better for him to have been stupid and ignorant The crimes which come under the cognizance of the public tribunals are chiefly divisible into two classes crimes of violence, and crimes of greed, the latter being in the numerical majority. Many acts of robbery are accompanied by violence, but the violence is exercised as subordinate to the robbery, and not out of malice. The angry passions do not show themselves in such predominance as the selfish passions. Murders out of mere revenge, or in quarrels, are comparatively rare. Yet that there are many who hold life very cheaply, and who are ready to take it away on very light provocation, has been abundantly shown. If the bushrangers have not taken many lives it has not been from want of having frequently attempted it. Let any one call to mind the numerous cases in which persons who have been attacked have escaped by flight amid a succession of shots the cases in which burglary has been successfully resisted by the courage of those indoors, though exposed to a frequent fire, and the still more numerous cases where travellers when threatened with a pistol at their head have surrendered, but when judging from the character of the robbers any attempt at resistance would have led to murder. Let the innumerable cases in which the police have been fired at be also recollected, and it will be seen that there has been no tenderness of human life exhibited. If only a few lives have fallen a sacrifice, we owe it more to the badness of the shooting or the confusion of the encounters, or to the nervousness of the marks- men, than to any indisposition on the part of those who were so free with their firearms to risk the spilling of human blood. Indolence is to a large extent the parent of the thievish disposition. Men want to acquire property without going through the necessary previous process of earning and saving. It has been well said that all property represents self denial. If no man ever saved, if everyone expended on instant indulgence whatever he acquired, there would be no accumulation of capital, and there would be no civilisation. But while all wish for wealth for the sake of self- in- indulgence, all do not like the preliminary self denial which lays the basis of property. All our bushrangers might have been comfort ably off if they had chosen to be hard-working and frugal, but they preferred to take a short cut to the possession of property, and had the boldness to steal what they had not the patience to earn. As a rule their licenses began on a small scale, and, growing familiar with robbery, they practised it on a larger scale. Property in this country is necessarily a good deal exposed, and this is especially the case with pastoral property. Where people are not restrained by a sense of honesty, it is often easy to steal stock, and it is by practice in this department that bushrangers have formed their habits and acquired their proficiency. 