THE MUEDEE .OF TWO CHILDREN AT WEST BEOMWICH. . At the Stafford assizes, on Wednesday, Ben- j amin Holding was in dieted for th e murder of his two children, Jane Holding and Jos. Ben. Holding. From the statement of the counsel for the prosecution, it appeared that the pri soner, a man in the prime of life, was a bundler at an ironworks, and lived at Hall End, near WestBromwieh. He was married, and had two children, one a girl four and a half years, and the other an infant boy of only fourteen months. To them, as to his wife, he ever behaved with the greatest tenderness and affection. He bought for them a little perambulator, and in this it was his delight to take them about the lanes and roads around his dwelling every evening after returning'from his work. One of lis favourite haunts on these occasions was a neighbouring cemetery. He was a religious man, and was a Sunday-school teacher. In the summer and autumn- of the present , year- he became afflicted with tic- doloreux, and suffered much from pains in his head, accompanied by sleeplessness. On the 22nd of September last he was left by his wife about four o'clock. His wife went to the house of the prisoner's mother. In a short time she was alarmed by seeing her husband come ' in with wild staring eyes, and in the most excited state. He remarked, " My little children are gone to heaven," and the two women at once ran to his house. There on the hearth-rug in front of the ; fire,: they saw the little girl' lying with her throat cut from ear to ear, and quite dead. On the sofa lay the lifeless and similarly mangled body of the infant boy. _ On the table was the carving knffe with which the .frightful deed had been committed. The neighbours rushed in, and them the prisoner remarked that his time was short, and he wished his children to go before him. The motive thus given by the' murderer himself, was the only which could now be adduced on the part of the prosecution. For the defence a plea of insanity was set up. The mother stated that her paternal aunt and niece had died mad, and that she still had " a cousin who was also insane. During the trial the pri soner appeared to be in the deepest distress/ His tears, for nearly three hours, were profuse 'and ceaseless.— The jury acquitted him off the1 ground' of insanity. : III The Great Eastern a Haunted Ship. — In course of a paper read by Captain James Baton; on Wednesday, relative to the repairs of the Great Eastern, he stated that an impression got abroad that the ship was haunted, the alleged ghost being that of an unfortunate rivetter, who was heard plying his vocation in one of the wells or compartments. Captain Baton stated that before the vessel left this country he believed that one of the men employed in her construction was missing. The man was a rivetter ; he was missed from the ship and never came for his wages, the supposition being that he had been rivetted up in some part of the vessel. So firmly impressed were some of the men with this idea that they left the ship in consequence. They : affirm that they have heard their departed friend busily engaged rivetliug in the middle of the night. The story was believed by maiiy persons in New York, and on one occasion while the ship was under repair, a diver signalled to be drawn up. Ho appeared pale with fright, and declared the ghost of the rivetter was in the bottom part of the ship ; in fact that he begun rivetting im mediately over his head. Such was the conster nation amongst the divers that they called in the aid of the one of the spirit mediums who_ are somewhat numerous in the city of New York. The medium came on board the ship, and after an examination, declared that the missing man was there both " in body and spirit." Fortu nate he (Captain Baton) by pure accident was able to dispel the allusion. Being in a boat near the hows of the ship, he discovered that a swivel connected with the moorings worked to and fro, the movement causing a chink or vibra tion which at times, more especially at night, was heard throughout the vessel. It was this sound which had conjured up, in connection with the supposed fate of the unfortunate rivetter, the phantom whose mysterious doings spread such consternation on board the big ship. A "Jolly" Sell. — Deferring to the late case tried in the Supreme Court, Ararat, Dob- son v The proprietor of the Australian Stage Company, the Advertiser gives the following in cident : — " In cross-examination Mr M'Dermott asked Mr R. Campbell if he was not at the en tertainment given to Mr Dobson on the occasion of his leaving Bleasant Creek on the evening in question. Mr Campbell said he was. Mr M'Der mott : ' I suppose you drank toasts, and the usual sequences followed ; in point of fact, you were jolly ?' Mr Campbell : ' I don't know what you mean by jolly ; jolly in some instances means non compos mentis.' (Laughter). Mr M'Der mott : ' You drank more than one toast ?' Mr Campbell: 'No, we did not; we had merely time to drink one glass before the coach came up.' Mr M'Dermott : 'Do you mean to say you had only one drink ?': Mr Campbell: .'Only one and that was of colonial wine.' Mr M'Der mott '(flopping down with disgust): 'Oh!' (Laughter.)" V: The Gbeat Privilege Case.— On the 8th December, the appeal case of DilT v. Murphy (the Argas privilege case) came on for hearing before the Judicial Committee of the Brivy Council. The preceding case on the list of the Lords having occupied less timo . than was ex pected none of the appellant's counsel had arrived; and, in spite of an explanatory state ment by the solicitor, the appeal was dismissed, with costs, their Lordships remarking upon the disrespect with which they had been treated, some of them having come from a distance in the country expressly for the purpose ofheaving this case. Immediately after, the counsel making their appearance, and explaining that they had been accidentally delayed, the case was restored to; the list, Lord Chelmsford administering to counsel a very severe reprimand, and intimating that, although, so restored, there was no chance of its being heard at the then sittings. The ap peal will probably come on for adjudication in the course of the present month. — Argus. Boisoxed by Chloroform. — Dr Youl held an inquest yesterday at the Hospital, on the body of Robert Kilmaiy a German, the man mentioned in our issue of yesterday as having died from the effects of poisoning by chloroform. Elizabeth M. Smith deposed that she had been living with the deceased for nearly two years, and that she had two children by him. The deceased, who was a barber by trade, had of late been gambling a gocd deal, and had been away from home for a week. He returned about eleven o'clock on Monday night, and was then quite sober. He sent witness out for a glass of ale, which he drank, and then went to bed. About a quarter of an hour after going to bed, witness heard: the de ceased drinking something out of the bottle pro duced. She immediately jumped out- of bed, and asked him what he was taking, at the same time snatching the bottle, the label of which was torn off, out of his hand. Deceased replied that it was muriate of ammonia, and that he had taken it for a headache. The bottle was nearly empty. On deceased putting it to her mouth to taste its contents, the deceased took it from her, and emptied what was left on the bed. Witness went to Dr Cooper, who lived close by, but he refused to attend deceased, and told her take him to the Hospital. Witness then tried to get Dr Hunter, but did not succeed ; and she accord ingly had the deceased taken to the Hospital. The paper produced was written by the deceased whilst she was out for the ale. It directed her to send to Castlemaine to his address for a letter, and concluded by wishing witness good-bye. The deceased told witness that he bought the chloroform in Bourke-street. The deceased came home very drunk on last Sunday week, and attempted to take the contents of the bottle produced ; but witness took it from him after he had taken a portion of it, and had kept it concealed ever since. Dr Dowling deposed that the deceased was brought to the Hospital between one and two o'clock, on Tuesday morning, in a quite in sensible state. His breathing was difficult, and his pulse beat slowly. Witness was shown the bottle produced, which had contained chloro form. The stomach pump was at once used, and the contents smelt of chloroform. The deceased was put to bed, and became sensible in an hour. From that time until his death, he complained of great pain in the stomach and spleen. Symptoms of congestion of the lungs were also apparent. The deceased told witness he had taken an ounce of chloroform to remove pain in the spleen. He died on Wednesday morning. William Stein said he met the de ceased, who appeared, to be a little drunk, at a tobbaeonist's named Wenzel, in Bourke-street, on Sunday week. The deceased was gambling with some others who were there. He lost all the money he had, about £7. Seeing he was getting very drunk, witness wished to take him home, but was prevented by the landlord. Witness left at one o'clock, leaving the deceased there. Wenzel's was described by the witness as a regular drinking and gambling place, which had been the ruin of many young men. , The jury returned a1 verdict: that the deceased had died from the. effects -of- poisoning by chloroform, a dose of which he had administered to himself.— Age, Feb. 19. Lord Campbell, it is- well known, was fond of a joke; and sometimes had tlie tables turned u non, himself. A few days before bis death lie met a barrister, who had grown very steut oflate, and remarked, 4 Why Mr — — . you are getting as fat as a porpoise.' — ' Fit company, mj lord, for the great seal,' was the ready repartee. 