GHOST STORIES. STBANGE AKD TET TRUE. The following singular instances of appari tions are published as veritable facts in ' All the Year Bound ' : — When, five years ago, Mrs. D ? became a widow, it pleased the brother of her husband to dispute the dispositions of the latter's will — a proceeding more annoying as the provision made for the ?widow was already extremely moderate, -me suit lasted tiiree years ana caused Mrs. D ? the utmost vexation and anxiety, when at length the law finding those claims indisputable which had never been any thing eke, decided in her favour. Some time after this Mrs. D ? was residing in L ? Place, Brighton. A friend, Mrs. F — , usually shared her bedroom. Both were lying awake up suddenly in bed, clasp her ^uR^ft^w^ ^inlc* back again on the pulow in. a . profound deep. Strange as seemed the movement, it was so evident to Mrs. D ? that her friend was in a tranquil slumber that she made no effort to disturb her. i. minute elapsed, when the door very quietly opened, and there seemed to enter a figure which she believed to be supernatural. She describes her feelings with great minute ness. She owned that by nature she was somewhat nervous, yet her impressions, as she afterwards remembered them, on this occasion had not the slightest intermixture of fear. She was conscious of a reverential awe, such as might become the witness of a revelation over ruling the accepted law of nature, united with a feeling of intense curiosity as to the object of the apparition. Gliding through the subdued light, the figure had all the appearance, gait, and manner of her deceased husband; until, passing round the room, and sinking down into an arm-chair nearly opposite her bed, it turned slightly aside, the figure presented its profile, and Mrs. D ? instantly recognised her connexion and late opponent, Mr. Vf. P ? - 't that time residing in the north. No sooner had the mysterious visitor sat down than he raised his clasped hands, as in passion ate entreaty; but, though the spectral lips appeared to move, as in harmony with the gesture, no sound was audible. Three times the hands were lifted in the same earnest manner, then the figure rose and went as it came. Some nervous reaction followed its dis apperance, for Mrs. D ? 's maid appearing a minute or two later, found her mistress trem bling violently and much agitated. Neverthe less, she very quickly regained her self posses sion, and calmly related what she had seen, both to Mrs. P — and the maid, the former being unable to recall anything nnnsnai, and only knowing that she had fallen to sleep again contrary to her own intention. The succeeding day was cold and stormy, and neither of the friends qutted the house. In the evening some neighbours called. As they were taking leave, one of the party sud deuly inquired, ' By the bye, have you had any recent news from the north ? A rumour has reached us, I hardly know how, that Mr. W. D — r^—ia -3»pgorone1y iH. amejay -dying, even — -but it is only report — dead™ ' He is dead,' said Mrs. D ? quietly. ' He died this morning.' ?? You had a telegram V ' You shall hear.' And Mrs. D ? - told her story to her won dering friends. As quickly as news could reach. Brighton, she received information if Mr. D ? 's death, at the hour of his appearance. A singular and suggestive statement is, that the scene witnessed by Mrs. D ? at Brighton was being enacted in the death cham ber of Mr. W. D— — , hundreds of miles dis tant His mind wandered somewhat as the end drew near, but perpetually resumed to the nnhappy lawsuit. AfiRfaVing his sister for Mrs. D ? , he addressed to her the most fervent entreaties for pardon, avowing his bitter regret, condemning his own injustice and covetousness, and declaring that he could not die in peace without her forgiveness. Three times the dying man had raised his hands in the manner she had witnessed, and so expired. One morning, some years since, the lady of a distinguished London physician was lying in bed at her house in P ? street. It was daylight, and she was broad awake. The door opened, but lady ? , concluding it was her maid, did not raise her head, until a remark able- looking figure, passing between her bed and the window, walked up to the fire- place, when, reflected in the mirror which hung above, Lady ? : recognised the features of her stepson. Dr. J. C -? , then attached to a foreign embassy. He wore a long night-dress, and carried something on his arm. ' Good Heavens ! is that you, John ? and in that dress !' cried Lady ? , in the first surprise. The figure turned slowly round, and she then becam aware that the object it carried was a dead child, the body being swathed round and round in a huge Indian scarf of remarkable workmanship, that L — ? had presented to . .Mrs. J. C . on the _gye of her departure. As sEe gazea;'&i;& outiine^gf the figure became inoistinct-^inviBible. Iv waa lost in the familiar objects of the room. Lady - - neither fainted nor shrieked, nor even rang the belL She lay down and thought the matter over, resolving to mention it to no one until the return of her hnsband, then absent in attendance on an illustrious household. Tn« experience would decide whether her physical health offered any solution of the phenomenon. As for its being a dream, it may be taken as an accepted feet that, though nobody is con scious of the act of going to sleep, everybody knows, by the sudden change of scenery, and snapping of the thought alone, when he. was awakened. Qn bearing her story, her husband imme . diately looked at his lady's tongue and felt her pulse. Boft organs perfect Of her nerves he had seen pK»£ Touching veracity she was truih itself. All his skill could devise no thing better than a recommendation to pa tience, and to Bee what came of it In the meantime the day and hour were noted down, and the next *avicesfrom T— — , awaited with more than osual interest At length they came. Dr. J. G — m- in formed his father that their chM-rHui only one— had died on such a day (that of the apparition), and- that Mb -wife, anxious that it should be laid to rest in the land of its birth, had begged that it might be forwarded by the ? njHEt.Bhip, ,:.|ii due course it arrived, embalmed, bixt ^n^bseoL'ln a^ipoffin-fio. jmucn larger' *1«j» was required for the tiny occupant, that the intervening spaces had to be filled up with cloflies,&a;, .while ^e Indian sparf had been Wound, in many folds, around the child's body. A ftvonte theory lays it down as law that it requires two minds to produce one ghost. There must be, on the one side, the power of projection of the image — on the other, that of resceptivity. Unless the mirror be specially prepared, the object, though at hand, cannot become viable. Yet^ here is an example of the substitution of one, certainly in no such condi tion of such preparedness, for another un questionably interested. Colonel II ? , who perished, with a party of his own men in the lamentable burning of a transport on her voyage to the Ciimea, was well known to the writer. M ? was a man of the coolest nerve, of the most imperturbable self-possession. It was his habit to sit up late, reading, in the chamber of his invalid wife, after the latter had retired to bed. One night Mr. M — ? having fallen asleep, the door opened, and her maid, Lucy, who had been eeafc^iome iU^ta^h^ charge of her friends, a xbw {lays 'ue^Nre^ entered the room. ' Perfectly conscious, as he declared, from the first, that the object he beheld was not of this world, the steady soldier fixed his eyes on the apparition, careful .only to catch its every movement, and impress the whole scene with accuracy on his memory. The figure moved slowly to the side of the bed, gazed with a sad and wistfnl ex pression on the sleeper's face, and then, as though reluctantly, died away into the gloom. Colonel M ? then awoke his wife, and re lated what had occurred. The hour was noted, and proved to be precisely that at which the poor girl had breathed her last, murmuring her mistress's ssme. Some twenty years ago, the attention of Sir M ? and Lady S ? was attracted to the friendless position of a little orphan boy. So great was the interest with which he inspired them both, that they took entire charge of his future, giving liim an excellent education, and at a proper age, introducing him, at his own earnest request, into the navy. Several years passed, during- which the young man ad vanced rapidly in professional and general knowledge, and was to all appearance on the outset of a prosperous career, when, one rude November night,, about half-past twelve, the inmates of Lady S ? 's country-house, at which she was then residing, in tile absence abroad of Sir M ? , were aroused by a loud ringing of the belL Lady S ? , herself awakened, heard the step of her stately old butler moving in person to ascertain who could possibly be arriving at such an hour. A long pause succeeded ; after which the butler was heard leascending to his appartment Lady L ? -'s curiosity was sufficiently aroused to induce her to summon her maid, who slept in an adjoining room, and sent her to question the butler as to the untimely visitor. The answer returned was, that, on opening the door, no one was to be seen. The night, though rough, was not very dark, and neither on the gravelled approach, nor on the broad lawns, could be discerned a living thing. But f jr so many having heard the bell, the butler would have imagined it a dream. Gradually the household resumed its repose, when, at two o'clock, a second summons #qj*%^g93?fa»fep»g3ierfi ?,.3ffi8vSajnjstflMng- now, lor the ueU iuia not ceased, us unpaxient vibrations when the butler, with several other servants. . set . foot on the stairs. Again the storm dashed into the house, and nothing but the storm. No human shape was visible without, nor were any footprints to be traced on the smooth gravel sheltered by the porch. As they were about to close the door for the second time, Lady S ? 's maid appeared on the landing, and beckoned, with a white scared face, to those below. ' Come up — come up, somebody ! My lady has seen Mr. D ? . I dare not stay there alone T It was in effect, as she had said. Imme diately, after the group of servants had de scended the stairs, Lady S ? had seen the figure of young D ? — standing at the foot of her bed. Believing at the moment that it was actually himself, she had accosted him : ' 'What, Edward, you here 1' The figure immediately disappeared. News shortly arrived that the young man had perished at sea that wild November night between the hours of twelve and two. The following singular story, belonging per haps, more strictly to the realm of dreams than visions, was related to the writer a short time since, by the lady of a distinguished German diplomatist, now living at Frankfort. A friend of the narrator had herself a be loved and attached friend, who died after a brief but severe interval of suffering. A short time after, the spirit of the departed stood, in a dream, by the bedside of her friend, Madame L ? , and, with a countenance distorted with indescribable agony, implored the hitter to interest in her behalf some ' great strong soul,' that might wrestle for her in prayer, and emancipate the afflicted spirit, if it might be, from its present intolerable condition. This condition she described as an eager longing to repent, but of perpetual contention with some terrible hindrance, -only removable through the means suggested. Much troubled in mind, Madame L— — ? — , after some deliberation, re solved to appeal to the strongest and most ardent soul within the range of her acquain tance, in the person; of ? , ?sometimes called the 'German Xuther.' To him, accord ingly, she made her appeal The good man consented, and .redeemed his promise with characteristic «eal Soon after, the apparition revisited Madame L ? . This time with aspect more com posed, but still marked with traces of suffering and anxiety, and warmly thanking her fiiend for what had been already done, and adjured her, in the most touching language (repeated by the narrator with wonderful power and pathos), to prevail npon the zealous intercessor to engage once more— r±rat once again — in prayer, on her behalf Ma/fame Ij ? , deeply moved, did as she was requested, and wrote at once to ? , who happened at this time to be absent at the ' distance of two days* journey. Qn the third .night, the spirit once more stood by her .friend's side, with an aspect of complete tranquility, and surrounded with angelic radiance, declaring that all was now welL Two days more, and ? „_ burst into Madame L . *s presence, pale, and greatly agitated. -?_ ? ? ? -j :- ? . ^Woman, wpnumf he exclaimed, 'what have you done I For no. reward that could be proposed to me would I *ndureeuch another hour of 'conflict and agony as1 that which my compliance with your. request ias caused me* Mb then proceeded to «Iato &afc; havink— * thong* 3wiifc«iB&me; *eluctt«icSigageafin prayer as he was desired, he fflt pB though at once environed by alj *&e; 'powers of eviL Nevertheless, with reeling brain and bursting Iwartj and all but overcome, he steeleaiimself to the very utmost, and, struggling on through unutterable mental torture, at length regained his calm. But never more, for liim^ such fear ful championship ! Without entering more deeply into dis cussion on this last example, it may be enough to hint that such a solution might probably be found in the collision of two ardent and impressible natures, devoted, for the moment, with intense eagerness to a common object. A broad distinction, of course, lies between cases of mere cerebral excitement and such as we have before adduced. Hallucinations are as fully recognized, if not quite so common, as colds in the head. Few of those who must have noticed the twitch or toss of the head peculiar to the late eminent counsel, Mr. B — , ?were aware that it -was engendered by a per petual vision of a raven perched on his left shoulder. A gentleman now residing in Broadway, Ijfetr York, transacts business daily under the immediate supervision of his great uncle, -who, in a laced coat and ruffles, occupies a large arm-chair placed expressly to receive the honoured vision. However, the purpose of this paper being rather to suggest than to demonstrate, enough has been said, ve think to show that inquiry is better than ridicule, that the object of re lating ' ghost stories ' is not to propagate idle falsehood, but to illicit philosophic truth ; and if there be among our readers one whose nerves are not trust-worthy it may comfort that individual to know that, in our experi ence, none who have been the subject of vrhat (until we better comprehend their nature) must be called extra-natural visitations, have ever, at the trying moment, experienced the slightest agitation or fear. The inference is, that the witnesses themselves are — albeit unconscious of the fact — intimately concerned in the produc tion of these phenomena which they have been hitherto disposed to attribute to influences entirely independent of their own bodily and nieutal organisation. 