NOTES BY THE WAY. (FromthoSpecialCo.espondeatoftho^ GENEVA, SEPT. 17. Is my letter last week I inflicted on TOu a severe dose of local politics, of in Sectionary episodes, and latest news of ! Fazyists and the Reactions. To- day having, fortunately perhaps, no poli- S news, I am going to take you on Lake foman Naturally, the first thing a tra- dier on his arrival here does is to inquire Ins when, and where he can find means of quitting the place. It is the history of tin rose; less t0-day and gone the play off to-morrow, such is life as lived by a tourist who has Murray for his manual and Bradshaw for his guide. Not that Geneva is had to stop at an contraire, I have gone much further and fared much worse When I find an hotel where the landlord does not slay me alive, and charge me more if I dine at a friend's than" if I mine at home' I first offer up a little prayer of thanksgiving, and then I make a note of " mine inn." Such an inn is the Metropole of Geneva. There are many inducements, truly, to remain in the fair city ; first of all it is clean, and when the atmosphere is clear and I hear from residents that it is so several times a year you have a prospect worthy of being painted by Claude. Then there is a particular fish-the Fera-which you have for dinner with a white sauce; I say nothing against it, except that I believe there are quite as good in the sea. But this is material-vulgar; we have other less grovelling attractions. By the way, the quails are excellent, and you know what a ruffled quail is-hut let us change the subject. We have a cathedral in which somebody was buried, and about the interior of which I should have had no little to say, had not the sexton gone to take tea with his aunt at Ferney, and carried the key with him. Then there is a club with games of chance. A seminary founded by Galvin, whom students of history will kindly remember serving out Servetus, by way of an illustration to his 11 Christian Institutes," in this very town from which I have the pleasure to address you. Well, I dare say if Servetus had had the chance he would have calcined Calvin, and it is a long time ago. Let us hope it is not true, and return to the concerns of to-day. We have a Theatre, Les Varieties ; we have Schmidt, who has a " charming female elephant" yelept " Miss Fanny ;"' and then we have Ciniselli, the Astley of Italy and Switzerland, with a clown entirely deprived of bones, who, having previously tied himself in many complicated knots, is finally tied up in a pocket-handkerchief mere bundle, I assure you-and carried off the stage by crown No. 2. What do you say to that for three francs ? Yet such is man, when in a state of feeling, that he will not linger in this Capua, but goes and buys a ticket, and takes his place on a steamer ! A lovely sight is Leman, as you steer clear of Geneva and fairly enter on the lake. History is all around us and it is none the worse for being the history which, if we ourselves I am a mere child can- not remember, our grandfathers at least an. The shores of Geneva's lake are haunted by the ghosts of intellects of this century. First and foremost in the spec- tral crowd stands the grand genius who is " wooed " by Lake Leman's crystal face, and who recorded his admiration in verses which are real poetry. Then there is the memory of Madame de Stael so ugly, and so agreeable when she liked She wrote " Delphine," and closed France to her for ever on the shores by which we are gliding. And Necker, who was Thcllussoifs partner, and who wrote on finance in the odd turreted house, which looks rather like a reversed elephant. John Philip Kemble, too, another great name, lies buried at Lausanne. They were playing croquet on the lawn of Ouchy lathe spot from which his funeral procession proceeded-as we floated up to that comfortable-looking hotel. Great are the English and their institutions ! They travel from London to Lausanne, and bearing weir weapons with them, play croquet under the shadow of Mont Blanc ! Ah, but great are the French, too ! I travelled this day with three French soldiers-colonels-men under the shadow of that cold December day when poor Marshal St. Arnaud " stabbed France in to sleep," a fact which did not seem to we much depressed their spirits. They jeered at the scenery, said the lake was not so blue after all, seemed to me to side Wh the Rhone-as a kind of compatriot against the Arve, and voted the affair a were, all but Savoy ! La Haute Savoie flavored with a souprjon<of conquest, T at any rate seasoned by we salt of annexation-was pronounced to aloud flowing with milk and honey. Yoel No. 1 Was quartered there. One [at astonished that he should have taken as a three days' leave, and deprived him to of such a paradise. It is a charming »w ry in good truth, and I am not sure w that is not why the French were so "was to get it. Clarens, sweet Clarens, birth-place of JP love." Well, they have changed all "w now, and the grape cure has sucked to that Platonic passion. Hygeia defeated,, Venus and won the cup. Yet birth-place of deep love lovely still, not the evil taste which was given Venus a degree in medicine. We calmly J "UP '? line Pier. There is a ringing of Pes bell, a detachment of ticket-of- fees come rushing down from the hills and water" 'have you got my pale ale were bitch collar "-and we float off on, is a larger and perhaps more We -rew' Why does that man¡", ne is Robinson-run his Alpine staff T my foot? He cannot know that I am ¡¿¡T8 notes, with the view of printing Dam" "at chief" who was among soaped Burns? Why, when they are V no and not in whispers-of climbing systems, have they decorated their peril has V" \so manJ' straps, buckles, sticks, is I 'u- baRRages will. that man-he lot of' Brown-must have bought a lunatic rises at a bargain, and decked fee" in the spoil. Fran engage came to the Chillian. Poor M. ¡oust'i?13 i Bonmvard, how bored he level M , en ! To be kept on the dead 01 a lake, without being able to see the prospect. It is no wonder he wore out his floor, and " appealed from tyranny to God." I for one did not go to see it. What is the use of going to see a cell ? I am told, however, there were two sergeants in no very good temper, and a more than sufficiency of damp and odours. Then another influx of English arrived, and among them the colonel of a great regiment of volunteers, devoted to the saint who kills dragons, and presides, I believe, over England. I hope he found his Murray again, for one would not willingly see him wandering like a rudderless yacht, Murray-less and unguarded. We had, however, reached the end of our journey. Before us was the Phone, meandering away towards Lyons ; but we must turn our backs on the fair scene, and return to the place whence we came. Before going let us, for an instant, cast our eyes over the glorious landscape. Nothing can be finer than the upper end of the Lake of Geneva. Perhaps the Maggiore is more magnificent and certainly Como is more lovely. But then what angle of the earth is like Como ? I have travelled about for some years, and cannot find its parallel. Still, taken as a great picture, I think we have nature in perfection as we rode up to the hills which conceal the retreat of the Rhone snow ranges, contrasting strangely with vines the dreary swamp which, of course, fringes every lake in curious difference with the fertile hill-sides-the grand Savoy ranges and the happy Swiss valleys-the melancholy Chateau de Chilton, and the laughing landscape which surrounds it. But the bell rings again, and the return journey begins. Down to dinner rush our tourists, regardless of scenery. And why not 1 You have four hours of mountains - only twenty minutes of food. All this time, the atmosphere had been dead against us. You know, of course, what we take our tickets up Lake Leman for. Well, never once did we see it, I assure you We groped our way back, the left bank ever veiled in a jealous most. Eager persons gazed through glasses, and one-a lady discovered the exact resemblance of Napoleon I., with an iron crown on his head, and then puff went the wind, and away went her " baseless fabric of a vision." It is no use concealing the fact. At a great wear and tear of health, I must have got up at about 6, at a vast expense expense, I may say, of temper and money I went the journey ; it took all day ; nay, more, it kept a select party waiting for their dinner. We travelled there, and came back, and I give you my word as a gentleman we never saw the " Monarch of Mountains" at all. This is my chief reason for not describing him. I was all ready with several very neat ideas in prose and verse but we never saw him. Several tourists were very cross, and shook their sticks ominously. It is provoking to rise early hurried breakfast -run to steamer-many hours on the water-glare-noise-people- lunch in a cabin, and other things many times too numerous to mention, and then never see him at all. Veiled in an unkind obscurity. Mont Blanc passed the whole day in retirement, disappointing several steamboats full of most intelligent travellers. Yet, in spite' of hunger and vexation, our return was very lovely. If we could not see the great monarch himself, we got a fine view of all his courtiers, and as the sun set great heavy shapeless masses of pink cloud rolled and strolled over the range of mountains which, rising by Geneva, wanders off and is lost to view beyond far Savoy. The turquoise-like water, too, sparkled in the light of the declining day. The windows of the villas glittered as if Geneva were on fire. The distant music of a band came floating over the lake, and then the sun died out, and a night brilliant with myriads of stars reflected in the calm water welcomed us back to the good town of Geneva. A great reflux of travellers has set into Geneva. Indeed, wherever you move now, you find the trains filled with excursionists and I encountered only a few days since a " batch" travelling together which must have been dozens and dozens strong. imagine the " scrimmage" when they reach their night quarters and find that there are only two single bedded and one double bedded room vacant at the Quarter Sessions or the Three Kings. I can assure you there is a commotion. Then is heard " The voice of women, shrill As the cry of goshawk upon hill ¡" and their lords, who are not their masters, are hurried to and fro at a pace and with an energy trying to elderly tourists. '* But then, my dear, says Mrs. B-, "It was so foolish of you not to telegraph." " Why my love," retorts poor B-, " You said I was a many for thinking of it, and never considered expense when my own comfort was concerned." So they go up to their attic, and whether they get a bifstek-or a dinner of herbs-that is an omelette there is, I fear, little contentment therewith. By the bye, the dining place of Macon deserves a few words. You can get a capital dinner for three francs as soon as the train arrives. The soup is hot, but not boiling and peppery like I have seen it delivered to deluded travellers in my own land. You have time to eat all the dishes if such is your unhealthy desire, drink your wine, and take your coffee, then the bell rings, and you feel that for once you are leaving a railway refreshment room without having paid 50 per cent. above the usual price for something which you could not eat, or which will, if you have eaten it, sit heavy on your chest as you steam off to your destination. They told me at Macon that it was likely to be a first-rate vintage. WhEN stretched upon his bed in the agony of gout, it was reported to Chatham that one of his official subordinates pronounced an order impossible of execution. " Tell him," said he rising up and marching across the room on his swollen feet, his face streaming with perspira- tion from his excruciating effort, " tell him it is the order of a man who treads upon impossi- bilities." THE air now played on state occasions as the national hymn of France, "Partant pour la Syrie." is a love song composed by Hortense, mother of the present Emperor, and published in England, with a weak little mezzotint draw- ing from the same feminine hand in the days of her exile. Hortense herself was a daughter of an ill-used and neglected but beautiful wreath from Martinique, who, after her comfortless marriage with a profligate young Frenchman (father to Hortense), became wife to the first Napoleon. ANECDOTES OF ENGLISH JUDGES. Lord Mansfield, the prince of courtesy, was in the habit of reading newspapers and answering lot ters in court. Lord Eldon did so too and Lord Abinger would do it ostentatiously and offensively, to mark his contempt for the advocate. Lord Clare, who had a life-long feud with Curran, beginning with a duel, once brought a Newfoundland dog into a court, and gave it his exclusive attention whilst Curran was speaking. The counsel paused. " Proceed, Mr. Curran ; pray proceed," said the Lord Chancellor, looking up, with his hand on the head of his canine companion. "I will proceed, my lord, when your lordships have concluded your consulta- tion," Anecdotes abound of Chief Justice Willes gallantry, not to say profligacy, which we cannot venture to reproduce and Boswell reports a conversation with Johnson, in 1773, which appears to have been suggested by some judicial irregularity. " On the same evening, he would not allow that the private life of a judge, in England, was required to be so strictly decorous as I supposed. Why, then, sir,' said I, according to your account, an English judge must live like a gentleman.' Johnson : ' Yes, sir, if he can.' " When Lord Northington (Henley) was Master of the Rollo, he requested leave of the king to discontinue the evening sitting of his court and on being called on for a reason, replied, " Because, please your Majesty, I am always drunk after dinner." Within the memory of the senior members of the profession, the Court of Exchequer was stated to be composed of one judge, who was iv gentleman and no lawyer is a second, who was a lawyer and no gentleman j a third, who was neither a and a fourth, who was both. This description, in which strict accuracy may have been sacrificed to antithesis, recalls Charles Lamb's jocular remark on his four friends of the Lake school that one would tell a lie, but would not pick a pocket ¡ another would pick a pocket, but would not tell a lie A a third would do neither and a fourth would do both-selecting, of course, the professed moralist for the climax. The gentleman judge, not a lawyer, was Baron Graham and some curious stories are told of his uniform politeness on the bench. In his day, it was usual to suspend judgment in the criminal cases till the conclusion of the assizes, and deliver all the sentences in a lump. . A name had been accidentally omitted in the list of capital punish- ments, of which he was reminded on coming to. the end of the list. " Oh, yes, I see, John Thomson John Thomson, I beg your pardon ; you are also to be hanged by the neck till you are dead, and may the Lord have mercy on your miserable soul, too !" Johnson records that at the trial of Savage for murder, Page concluded an inflammatory address to the jury in this fashion Gentlemen of the jury, you are to consider that Mr. Savage is a very great man, a much greater man than you or I, gentlemen of the jury that he wears very fine clothes, much finer clothes than you or I, gentlemen of the jury is that he has abundance of money in his pocket, much more money than you or I gentlemen of the jury ; but, gentlemen of the jury, is it not a very hard case, gentlemen of the jury that Mr. Savage should therefore kill you or me, gentlemen of the jury s" Erasers Magazine for July. A GOOD STORY A notable feature of Schlcs wigan landscapes is the stork. This bird is there held in great esteem, and even honor, and as no one dreams of harming him, he is tame accordingly. One sees him stalking about the fields quite close to the roadside, or standing demurely on the ploughed land watching the operations of the farmers as they turn a furrow, drive the harrow, or cast seed into the soil. I never saw him thus perched upon a clod, and apparently expectant, with his long bill pointed earthwards, without fancying he was waiting for that inhospitable tureen, shaped like a claret jug, in which he so churlishly served up the soup the day on which Reynard the Fox dined with him. He will wander with perfect confidence to within twenty yards of a ploughboy, who, were the scene England instead of Schleswig, would, I fear, speedily pelt him into greater caution. In Schleswig He is the pot of the country people, who cherish all manner of superstitions concerning him. They encourage him to build upon their roofs, and imagine his presence there to be favorable to the fecundity of their wives. Happy is the cottager at the summit of whose gable the head and back of la mere engaged are to be seen rising above the nest of sticks in which she broods over her coming convoy. Among many stories that were told me in which the stork figured, I noted one as being particularly curious and well authenticated. A. mischievous. Schlcswigiim damsel took advantage of the momentary absence of a brooding stock to remove the eggs and substitute those of an owl. When hatching-time came watch was kept, and it was evident that the domestic happiness of Mr. and Mrs Stock was seriously compromised by the appearance of the newly-born. Stork pire was manifestly puzzled and put out by the unusual appearance of his psoudo-oflspring ; there was nothing of the paternal profile about them, and probably he remembered to have seen, when returning home late of evenings, an ill-looking black-eyed fellow, to whom he recognised in them a certain family likeness. After addressing remonstrances to his wife, in the guise of some pretty severe weeks, he flow away, but presently returned, bringing with him other stocks of grave aspect, probably the elders of the tribe. They had a consultation, and then set upon the owners, throw them out of the nest, and killed them I after which they attacked poor Mere Cigogno, killed her likewise, and then departed, Doubtless they had acted as seemed to them just in so unusual a case, and had carried out the sentence they had passed, after constituting themselves into a Cresswell Court extraordinary. - Times Correspondent. 