RANDWICK SPRING MEETING, 1864. PATRON-His Excellency the Right Honorable Sir John Young, Bart., K.C B., G.C.M.G., &c.;, &c.;, &c.; President—The Hon. E. Deas Thomson, C.B., &c.; Vice-President—Mr. Judge Cheeke. Stewards— The Hon. E Deas Thomson, C.B. ; George Rowley, Esq.; W. M. Arnold, Esq., M.P.; Thomas Icely, Esq.; and W. M'Quade, Esq. Judge and Handi- capper- John Lackey, Esq, M.P. Treasurer and Starter-Charles Martyn, Esq.—Clerk of the Course —W. G. Henfrey, Esq. Honorary Secretary— Buchan Thomson, Esq, I FIRST DAY.-THURSDAY. Nothing can be well more beautiful than a Spring morning in Australia. There is an odorous scent, that no parfumier has yet been enabled to imitate, that comes to one on the breeze, wafted we know not whence nor care so long as our grateful olfactories inhale it. Every bush has its flower, even the surface of the earth is dotted over with beauteous flowery stars of white, or blue, or yellow, all emitting but little fragrance in themselves, but each adding its tiny quantum to the delightful perfumes that rise upon every side, This scent, of Nature's own dis- tilling, is to be found only in the early morning, before the ardent rays of the sun have drawn them up towards the source whence they have sprung. The ride to the racecourse in the olden time was wont to give the town-bred citizens of Sydney a taste of that sweet air which suburban residents inhale, drawing in health and spirits therewith; but now, all is altered. Our racecourse is a metropolitan one—is in fact but barely beyond the limits of the metropolis, and much of the charm that formerly hung over the race meetings has departed. It used to be almost a luxury to rise at some cruelly unwonted hour in the morning, with a definite object in view;—to snatch an early, hasty breakfast, all the more pleasant for the unaccustomed discomforts under which it was de- voured; and then to start off in the well- appointed conveyance for Homebush or Parramatta, as the case might be. Now things are altered. We have the racecourse almost within the city—at least but little beyond its boundary, and there is no necessity for making the solemn formal engagements for rising at absurd hours in the morning, or for scalding your mouth with hot coffee or bolting your eggs whole in order to enjoy the day's races. Mr. Gunnybags, the merchant, has no idea of going to the races, but as twelve o'clock sounds he passes down George-street. He sees the omnibuses in all quarters, placarded "Randwick Races," and hears their cads loudly bel- lowing the same cry, in the event of his being short- sighted. He suddenly remembers that all his busi- ness is done—that there is only an appointment with Smith in the afternoon—but Smith can wait; and as to Brown—he can come for his cheque in the morning. There is nothing to stay him. The omnibus is about to start, and he jumps in. Or Saunter meets Swagger in the street and don't know what to do with himself, when suddenly the omnibus labelled "Randwick Races" gives him an idea, and he suggests— " Suppose we go to the races." And they go. That is how things are managed now-a-days; without that solem- nity, deliberation, and consideration that once made races such a worry, and consequently such a delight to the general public. Every one can now reach the course, because the schoolboy may pad it afoot with his lunch in brown paper, and reach the ground with- out distress, and as easily as the best mounted cavalier, or the most elaborately got up dragsman. But, with all the facilities given to visitors, the races are not so well or numerously attended as they used to be. How much of this decadence is owing to these too great facilities which have withdrawn the charm that once hung about races, and made them common- place, and vulgar, and within everybody's reach, we do not feel called upon to say. But certain it is, that from Gunnybags the merchant, down to Tomkins the tinman, each and every man in his own proper self loathes and abhors the vulgar and the common, and would sooner make an effort to take that which is be- yond his reach than stretch out a hand to cull that which is proffered to him. Yesterday morning, to those who got up early enough to experience all its beauty, was, as Mrs. Mal- aprop says, the very moral of an Australian spring morning. A light, very light breeze—not strong enough to raise the fog that hung in a thin stratum over the low lands, same wafting, or rather sighing, in from the south, whilst a heavy canopy of clouds de- murely shielded the getting up of old Sol. As the day advanced, the clouds rose, and broke, and allowed the sun to shine forth . This he did to such effect whenever he got the chance, sending out his rays with, such burning violence that the weatherwise at once prognosticated rain. This opinion was borne out by the passing over of some heavy rain clouds, which, however, let fall upon the sporting congregation at Randwick only a small portion of their watery burden. As the day drew to a close, however, the heavy banking up of the clouds to the southward seemed to portend some thing more serious, and induced very many to leave the ground earlier than they otherwise would have done. In so far as yesterday was concerned, the attend- ance was certainly not so great as we should have an- ticipated. There is no doubt that the close vicinage of the course tends to this in some respects; whilst the absence of anything like acknowledged favourites amongst the horses also leads to the same result. But whilst the attendance was comparatively less than usual, it was also much more select; and when we say select, we speak from the racing point of view—the assemblage being more sporting, and racy, and betting, and horsey, than plebeian and civi- lian; whilst there were very nearly as many people in the grand stand and saddling yard as there were on the other parts of the course. The decadence is still fur- ther remarkable in the absence of those well a pride in tooling to the coarse. Alas! they are all departed; and although there may be a few private carriages, they are of the most quiet description, and the road is all but given up in toto to hackneys, han- soms, and the inevitable 'bus. The drive is a mere farce, and no thorough-paced sportsman would think it worth his while to harness up his four in-hand for a two-mile drive to Randwick; with nothing to see upon the road, except the omnium gotherum of shops on the South Head Road, the Pentonvillian villa residences of the Dar- linghurst end of the Randwick Road, or the dreary waste of heath that remains when the last of these urban villas has been passed; and where, instead of the scent from orange groves or particoloured, there is experienced only the remnant of the odour that sometimes rises from from that licensed cesspool of the Government, where formerly the nightcarts of the city were permitted by authority to deposit their nauseous burdens. In truth, the enquiring visitor to the racecourse, will, from all these causes we have enumerated, see many more travellers on foot to Randwick than tra- vellers by coach or horse. This was more especially the case yesterday—the whole programme of the races lacking interest for the general public, whatever it may do for sporting or betting men. And yet the racing throughout was good, every race being well contested. The Spring Maiden Stakes was won by Yattendon only after a sharp contest with Sir Solomon; whilst the Members' Cup showed one of the smartest specimens of jockeyship that the course has witnessed for some time past, the rider of Mnemon (Mr. Templeton, Crown Prosecutor) carrying in his horse by sheer force of limb just a head before Eva. The other races were also just as sharply struggled for, though they offered no particular point of interest, Tarragon winning the Cumberland Handicap after a hard struggle with Volunteer, and Meteor winning the Squatter's Stakes, No accident occurred throughout the day to mar the sport; the efforts of the starter (Mr. Martyn) and clerk of the course (Mr. Henfrey) gave the utmost satisfaction; the substantial requirements of the visitors to the grand stand and weighing yard were provided for by Mr. W. J. O'Brien, of Tattersall's Hotel, whose name is a sufficient guarantee for the excellence of everything provided by him in the way of refreshments; while the booths outside drove a good trade. No excess, however, was observed among the visitors to the Course, but everything passed off as pleasantly as could reasonably be expected. With these preliminary observations, we append a résume of the racing:— First Race.-The Spring Maiden Stakes of 10 sove- reigns each, h. ft.; 150 sovereigns added. Penalties for winning after entrance: once 5 lb., twice or more 7 lb. ; 1½ mile. Mr. O'Malley's br. c. Yattendon, 3 years, 7 st. 3 lb. (Holmes).... 1 George Young ns, b. g. Sir Solomon, 4 years, 8 st. 9 lb. (T. Moore) ... .............................................................................2 F. M, Doyle's ch. g. Meteor, 4 years, 8 st, 12 lb, (J. Woods) .................................................................... ... ... ... ... 3 P. Skillicorn's b. g. Duke of Athol, 3 years, 7 st. Judge Cheeke's b. c. Sir Patrick, 4 years, 8 st. 12 lb. T. Lee's br. g. Woodman, 3 years, 7 st. W, Parnell's b. h. Charlie, 4 years, 8st. 12 lb. W. Town's br. h. Loiterer, 4 years, 8 st. 12 lb. Betting : 2 to 1 each against Sir Patrick and Yatten- don, 5 to 2 against Meteor, 4 to 1 against Loiterer, and long prices about any of the others. At the first attempt the lot got away pretty well together, except Sir Patrick, who was last, and this position he maintained to the finish, the distance between him and the leading horses being in- creased at every stride. Sir Solomon led from the jump, and in passing the stand had a lead of a length, the Duke of Athol being second and Yattendon in close attendance. At the back of the course several changes took place, but the three leaders kept within a length of each other. As they neared the Derby Corner, the Duke fell back into the ruck, while Yattendon and Sir Solomon were racing neck and neck. Meteor now emerged from the ruck, and essayed to reach the leaders, but failed. As they entered the straight running Yattendon gradually passed his opponent, and ran home a comparatively easy winner, with Sir Solomon second, Meteor third —several lengths separating them,—and the remainder a considerable distance in the rear. Time, 2 minutes 52 seconds. Second Race.-The Members' Cup of the value of 60 sovereigns, with a sweepstakes of 15 sovereigns each, li. ft. ; to be ridden by members of the club ; welter weights ; 1^ mile. Mr. W. Tow n'a b, h. Mnemon, 5 years, list. 51b. (Templeton) 1 It Dines' b m Eva, S ycirc, 11 6t, (Gorrlck) ... .,, 2 J. lait's b. g, Presto, aged, 11 et. 7 lb. (Smyth)... ," 3 iv-ory'a br, g. George the First, aged, U st, 7 lb. Betting 5 to 4 against Eva, 2 to 1 against Mnemon. This was regarded as a certainty for Eva. The mare on coming to the post was very fidgety, and in consequence got the worst of it in the start. She scon r< n into first place, however, and up to the lase few htrides there appeared every probability of her pulling off the cup ; but Mnemon, who had been , lying second throughout the greater part of the race, carne up with a rush, and Mr. Templeton, with a | splendid piece of jockeyship, worthy a professional, lifted his horse in, beating the mare by a neck. Presto j wat an indifferent third, and George the First nowhere. Tin.e, 2 minutes 26 seconds. I I Third Race.-The Optional Selling Stakes of 3 sovereigns each, 40 sovereigns added ; 1 mde, with I penalties for increased selling prices and non-sole, i Immediately after the race the winner was put up for I sale, and was bought by Mr. J. T. Ryan for £68. Mr F. Hinchey's ro. g, Brisbane, 4 years, £15, 8at; 91b, (Driscoll).I W. Town,s nB h. h, Mnemon, 5 years, not for sale, list, Sib, (Higgcrson) ... ... ... ... ... 3 P. Skillicorn's b. g. Cronstadt, aged, £45, Oat. «lb. (Tobin) 8 C. Beal'e ro, h. Wonder, 6 years, £65, lOst. 81b. Betting : Even on Wonder, 2 to -1 against each of the others. As indicated by the betting, Wonder was the favour- ite for this race, but here again the pot boiled over, as the favourite had not the ghost.of a chance from the Btsrt. From the Stand the start appeared to be en indiflerent one, Brisbane having the lead by a considerable distance, Mnemon and Cronstadt lying together, and Wonder Eeveral lengths behind. This order, except that Mnemon gradually drew away from Cronstadt, was kept to the poBt, Brisbane winning at his ease, Mnemon second, and Cronstadt third. Time, 1 minute 53 seconds. Fourth Race.-The Cumberland Handicap of 10 sovereigns each, h. ft. for acceptors; 120 sovereigns added ; 3 miles. Mr, W. Town's b. b. Tarragon, fa years, 10at, lib (Higgerson) 1 J. Talt'd br, h. Volunteer, aged, 8 st, S I'D. (Hogadeab.) ... 3 P, llinobey' ch. ra, Ada, G j care, 8 st, 1 lb. (Cutts) ,., 3 R. Dines' br h, Kyogle, 6 years, 9 st. X Lee's l-r. m. Lilla, aged, 7 et, 7 lb, O, I). Lane's b. g, Juniui, aged, 6 st. 7 lb. G, Thompson's cb. g. Tall 1'ftll, 0 years, 8 st, Judgo Cbeeke's ch. h. Kelpie, 4 years, C st, 10 lb. Betting, 3 to 2 on Tarragon, 5 to 1 each against Volunteer, Tall Tall, and Ada, This race waa the gre»t race ot the day, and Mr. Town, who had pulled off the two previous races, was »gain successful. Notwithstanding the gteat weight, 10 st. 1 lb., that Tarragon cirried, he was a hot favourite, and he fully justified the confidence of his backers. There were many who, considciing the weights, thought the field the better horse, and backed it accordingly ; and although they lost their money, they found some consolation in the splendid ¿nish of Volunteer, who was very nearly upsetting tile pot. At the first attempt the flag fell, and Junius rushe'd to the front with a speed which, wai too great to last, Tall Tall being Becond and Lilla third. In passing the stand Junius led by several lengths, and no alteration in the positions of "the three leaders took place till the RockB were reached, when Lilla was reached and pasBtdbysomeofthosothathad been in the ruck behind. Tim horees began to tail off considerably along the backstretch, and Tarragon, -who had been making a waiting race of it, began to show prominently ; the pace, however, was as yet comparatively slow. Junius still maintained the premier position in passing the Stand the second time, Tall Tall being second, and Tarragon third. Junius now found the pace too fast for him, and «t the Rocks- turn he resigned his pride of place to Tall Tall, who took up the running, and led till about half-way along the back of the course, where he "was joined by Tarragon, and a few seconds afterwards by Volunteer. It' was now etident that the "race lay between' these three, and there were njt a few who anticipated that Voluuteer, with such an advantage in regard to weight, would secure tho prize. This anticipation was increased when on reaching the Derby Corner Volunteer, amid the greatest excitement on the stand, was Been to forge his way to the front. As they entered the rails Tall Tall fell off beaten ; while Tarragon (at the distance post) went up to Volun- teer's flanks. For a few strides the two leaders were neck and neck, both jockeys administering the whip freely. The favourite responded gamely, despite the weight on his back, and past the post almost a length in advance of Mr. Tait's horse, and beating Tall Tall far third place. Fifth Race.-The Squattera' Stakes of 5 sovereigns each, with 50 sovereigns added ; winners of more than 30 sovereigns after entering, to carry 6 lb. extra r, le mile. Iii-, F. M. Doyle's cn, g. Meteor, 4 yean, 8 st, 9 lb. (Woods)." 1 Ivory'« br. h, Romance, 4 year«, 8 st. 1Î lb. (J. Kain) ... 2 Shannon's b. m. Marchioness, 4 years, 8 st, 7 lb. (Uolmcs) 8 B, Woolfer*» gr. h. Albert, 4 years, 8 st. 12 lb, James Johnston'« b, m. Wanda, 4 years, S et. 7 lb, M. H. Keighran's b. g. Young Camden, 6 years. 9st, 5 lb. J. Tail's br. g. Chanteur, 4 years, 8 st, 9 lb. P. Bkilllcorn'« b, g, Cronstadt, aged, 9 st. 5 lb, . C. Morrii'« b. e. Action, 6 years, 9 st. 4 lb. A. Bowman's an, m. Desdemona, S years, 9 et , De M estie*« gr, g. Jimberoo, 4 year«, 8 st, 0 lb, . . W. Iowa's n«. gr. m, GtteMa, t yean, 9 «t, Bering ? ti 2 against Galabta, 2 to 1 ngauiBt .lam- bert o, 4 ami 6* í° 1 etch against any* of the others. This race t rougir* togolher the largest field of the daj, mo«t of ti P nags rntered being entirely unknown . i« the annals of racing. ßalabia and Jamberoo ware I tlie lu vom ins-not so nmch from any supposed suprror.ty ot the horses, as from the well-known | their owners. Here again waB a disappointment for neither animal got a place. After ft very good race, during which several changes in the positions of the horste took plaee, Meteor and Romance finished with a dead heat, Marchioness being a very good third. About half-an-hour after the race the two started again to decide the ownership of the prize. This latter spin is easilj described, Meteor jumped off with a strong lead, was never caught, and won hard held. 1 hi« brought the day's sport to a clo-e, and the people prese-nt beat a hHB'y retreat towards the vehicles waiting to convey them homewards. The races for to-day nre as follows : First Race.-To ot-rt at 2 p.m-The Selling Handicap of 6 sovereigns each, h. ft,, for acceptors; 50 sovereigns added ; l\ mile. The winner to be sold for 60 soveieigns, &c;, &o.;, &c.; George the Flrrt, aged, 9 st. 2 lb. Samson, S years, 8 st. Y. Nor pan, aged, 7 st. 7 lbs Acteon, 8 years, 8 st 12 lb' Y, Camden, 0 y< grs, 8 st, 12 lb, Brisbane, 4 years, 7 at, 12 lb. Wonder, G year«, 9 st Junius, aged, 8 st. Pretto, agi d, 'J st 5 lb, Tianivr, a yearB, 8 st. 6 lb. ) Dick Turbin, 5 years, 8 st, 9 lb. Second Race.-To start at 3 15.-The Bruie Stakes of 6 sovereigns each, h. ft. ; 80 sovereigns added, 1 mile. Yattendon, 6 st. 5 lb. Ruby, 8 st, 2 lb, Colleen Baw», 8 st. 2 lb. Duke of Athol, B st. 2 lb. Woodman, 8 tt, 2 lb. Third Race-To start at 4 p ra.-The Sydney Handicap of 6 sovereigns each, h. ft., for acceptors ; 100 sovereigns added, 1* mile. Kyogle, G years, 6 at. 2 lb, ~ Maid of Erin, 8 years, 7 at. 111b, Eva, 5 years, 8 et. 4 lb. Dispatch, aged, 8 at. 2 lb. Maid of the Lake, 5 year«, 7 st. Blaek Bess, aged, 7 st. 0 lb, Artnxcrxes, aged, 7 st. 10 lb, Cook-a-Hoop, aged, 7 st. 9 lb. Volunteer, aged, 8 st, 12 lb. Tarragon, 6 years, 10 et. 5 lb, Meteor, 4 years, 8 at, Rioter, 5 yearB, 8 Bt. 10 lb. Lilla, aged, 7 st. Tall Tall. G year«, 8 at, 1 lb. Deerfoot, 4 yearE, 7 st, 13 lb, Ramornie, 4 years, 8 Bt, 4 lb, Fourth Race-To ttart at 4'45 p m.-The Galloway Stakes of 2 sovereigns each, with 25 sovereigns added. 1¿ mile. Winner to be sold for £25. Catch weights. 