T H E ELECTORS AND ELKCTI-:D. THE. THE Electoral Act prescribes the form for conducting an Election, but it rests with the Electoral body itself to determiue their own rules fur the trne discrimination of the men whom they ought, from the men whom they ousht not, to choose. Now in this allimportant matter, there is unfortunately.a tooprevalent heedlessness. which ire cannot too' strongly condemn, uay, which we consider absolutely criminal,.iu those who enjoy the :-acred aud responsible privilege of suffrage. Men do not carelessly select their servants and shopmen—their agents aud brokers—the educators of their children—their clerical pastors, or their family physicians! They ordinarily exercise their'discretion, and apply the principles of common sense and worldly prndence in-.choosing their agents and employes, and for the most part they prefer those whose services will prove most Valuable, and whose fidelity can be mostfeurely depended on. Why not adopt the same course in the choice of Parliamentary^Sepreotntatives? When private individuals suffer injury at .the hands of those they have imprudently trusted, to whom they have given their affairs in charge without previous enquiries and proper,care to ascertain what they were doing, w]tiqi§Mi exonerate them from direct blsme ? If the -cousequeuues are detrimental, it is palpably in some degree their own fault. So is it on a large nsale in -political matters. A people presumed to be self- governing, enjoying the . right of controlling their own state business, having a veto upon the admission of uuworthy, and unscrupulous men into offices of power and respectability, may very justly charge themselves with negligence or error, if their purposes are' defeated and their interests ruined by mal-administration aud mis-government. It cannot, we conceive, then, be deuied that the first duty of an Elector is to ascertain the irortbiness of the candidate who solicits his snpport; and each Jinan on the roll should, if he be true lo himself and true to the community, of svhicli he is but a unit, but with which his destiny for good or evil is inevitably identified, calmly and seriously endeavor to ascertain upon whom he may most wisely bestow his vote. Unfortunately for this country elections have hitherto been abandoned to the chapter of accidents, oiruareletaly surrendered to theconirol perhaps would.so puzzle au intelligent observer of the personal elements collected in the late Assembly, than to be compelled to discover the principles of choice, upon which so strange and incongruous - an assortment of. M.L.A.'s had been gathered together. " How came such and each a one into a position, which he was neither fitted to adorn nor disposed to turn to wholesome public use ?' has; for the last three years, been a question often put. - Hut, as every event must have-a "causey and that caose must t>e of nature, kindred to the event, it has seemed but reasonable to infer that, like represents like, and that the people of a free couutry like, this, must' be assumed to . be adequately and truly . represented iu their. "Representative Assembly." Is this so? Then, would it not follow that those who elected must approve of the conduct, the course', the deporimeut, the sayings, doings and legislative enactments of their own chosen agents ? Bat how very fa; from being con.'oruiable tii facta would be any such iufereuce as ttiis ? Cau it be alleged with any truthathat the en Lire half million of Victoria's inhabitants are satisfied with the operation of our boasted constitutional institutions ? Hive their desires been respected? Has their will been carried into effect? is it in consonance' with their notions ot economy ihat three millions and a quarter sterling should be annually appropriated out of the proceeds of their labor-and tiie profits of their trafficking,' for purposes, more than- two-'.birds ot which are of very'doubtful advantage, and. many of .which are absolutely unproductive and merely wasteful ? Is it also true that nearly onev third of tiiose who once shared the privilege of citizens and,had a vote, have been disfranchised wiiirtheir otra consent ;: and deliberate approval?-' HaWeiour democratic}>eople done what is attributed to them so'confidently, Vol unta" 1 v -restrrictt^d their^ own -liberty jg.nd knowingly repudiated their-dearest right and' their highest duty;? We might ask further, is it the will of the people that \ their inheritance should' he alienated at one-fifth its «qnitable:Talue.-and that'broad tracks of fertile couutry opon which toyriads of human .beings might -be {sustained in vigorous . jmd happy existence, should-W given over-to faur-foottd beasts-' whose-wool ituid fallow and slaughtered carcases yield a-. profit m -the world s markets: to aggrandise a few banking corporations and v- narrow circ1e~«of wealtliy families? ,We do ootjtrehch upon le;elling,or red-republicanism , wh6n wien^we pat these i-quesuons. but we mjiiy.-reauoe tne^muctiTaeoateti aua agitated, iqttesuons'involved iu Victorian politics^ to , their moBtpTictical and moral elemeuitsl - £TI L I ^ I ^ T ^ M ^ . T S ^ I F I A B I R L OF 'III' Things lias determined it,* to be' .establishedan& recognised by hninari 'G-overnment, or is wrong, pith its traiu of. social «vils,f(s~with-: ehug; obstructive & devastating consequences, to ^be^permitted _^till to hold the isceptre^. Tliese . are mattftrs.^and considerations wbicb tlie people of;.Victoria are required «very beni-rtheir; serious attention \ up00i-»nd«>neitbing £s perfectly certain tliat he- icharacter.iiof'.onr^fiituroJlouBeoMegis-M lalors wholly hingesJinpon the -determination -to'wltich the mmdu of the ^lectordl masses jiiay .wwve'rTaiti iod -tbe 1 ac ion' 1 s they are > ' shortly about to take at the polling boothB Candidates never were more numerous; every where they .are appearing in shoals ; ataeady the chatter of .tougueB has commenced; Eledioneering addresses are beginning to appear in the advertising columns of allT/journals j meetings are convened ; and more Uian an avenge flood of political: commonplaces, vapid platitudes, cant professiotisand plausib"lc generalties threatens in a^fetr. weeks to delinge the'cJuntry <from Dan "to Beeisheb^ that is, fr»m Mount 1 Gambler, to-the tJmeo^ and from Queenscliff to Echuca ! What will' come of thiB General Electiou.? Will members be chosein as ?they have been hitherto ?; ' Will they be the most acceptable, wlio invest the largest sums in printing and in " refreshments?"' Will small cliques of despairing oreditorspick -out the most'profitless men in the district, and send him into the House, in hope of something turning up for him there, and enable him to show bis gratitude to them ? Will the preference fall.on men be- -cause they are the least known of all the can didates, or because they are the briskest spcecliifiers, 4>r because no, one else can be got, oi because their friends perceive they cannot be put to any use in the locality for their own or any body cUe'6 good ? But enough at present. So far as this district is concerned, we trust'thkt its . Election will be wisely and worthily bestowed upon men deserving of the honor and competent for: the J a ties of the post. , The Inst day lor the nomination »f councillors for the Alaldon Division of the Shire h»s passed, and tbere is not one candidate for the honor. We had suspected and expected that such would bethecasf, upon fiuilmg that so many of the best men of Maldon had declined to allow tiiemselves to ,be. nominated. The posi tion is anything but a pleasant one, or creditable to Maldon. The Council now ^consists of three members for Bariiighup, and one for Maldou; aud we pre^ome. tbe .President wili now have to try agaiu by fixing another nomination day, and it unsuccessfully, must continue to do so ad infinitum. There are those who any that as it is provided that the .Council shall consist of six members, the present members -CiUinot act in- the face of the failure to secure tbe requisite uunioer. We uiust say cau see nothing in the Act to warrant such a conclusion, as the Act provides that three couucillo.s' shall form a quorum for the transactiou of business. The Mnickliford correspondent of Our Daily A'aos stated that the reason for the wuliurawal of Messis Conrtin aud Uobinson was that they would not sit with an unqualified member, as they believed Mr John Steveusou to be. No such reason has been advanced by either of these gentlemen but if such be the case, aud if the opinion is causing others to hold back, we may be permitted to say that .we have it from Mr Stevensou that the opiniou of the Attonif-y-General has been taken, and it is to the effect that he, Mr Slevenso;-., can legally sit and act as a Councillor. We have done with the questiou f r tlie present, aud must presume tliat the ratepayers of Maldou know their own business best. In the multitude of councillor there in not always wisdom, and if the fuur sitting members show that they have the real intercut of the Shire «t heart, aud that they will a\£ impartially iu the expenditure of the public uionty,--w -2>u«i uc ijiuicua- oiawaieif four liiembeits as if there were six. We 'Shall jealously watch their actions, and hope to be enabled to report favorably. Nor be it understood do we rneau that they should expend just now the muney equally in each locaiLy. We see fillly that nt present it is necessary for the general interest that more should be spent outside than inside the old muuici)>ai boundary, as in the formation of good roads from the farmers to the town of'Maldou much of prosperity depends. The greatest evil will be iu the fact tl;at, asall the members save one live some miles from the township, they will not be iu such a position for ascertaining the requirements of the., ratepayers in the ! Municipal boundary as may very fairly deemed desirable. Be it, then, the duty of the ratepayers to memorialize the Council when any good reason for expenditure can be showu. We will commence by stating a few of the most .pressing -wants :— The roads at Porcupine, Peg Leg and Eagle Hawk require immediate attention; afire bri gade (once again we say it!) must be organized —a paid one from tbe public funds if volunteers cannot be got together; a scheme digested for turning the Market House to some useful par pose. These will do f >r the time being, as Home was tiot-built in a day. We strongly hope.the present Cou icil will be able to 'show scepticsitliat they are equal to the position they are now placed in. Again liave six ass-essots returned a verdict in the case <if the Great Western Company and Vivian aud Co, direc'tiy in the. teeth of the direction of Judge Forbes, and we venture "to say that the result would .not. be different in any Court of MiueB in the colony. Ass selected from a g- dd-fields population wjdi look to equity, and disregnrd mere legal flukes. : On the oneiiand assessors see four minets—Vivian ana Co.—who have herd con unuous occupation of a quartz claim for nine years, who have erected expensive machinery.: and have worked the mine in a bona fide manner during that time. £n. the second year of thru- holding comes the Great .Western-Company and applies tor a grant from tbe Warden Jor a' public crushing '.machine. The grant is obtained, and the Company take nut a business license, showing that the ground was not in the popular acceptation of the term for v mining purposes," ;tn be held under "miners rightsThey 'put a shaft down for Tvater purposes, and in l8u4 stake the reef 111 that shaft dipping from the «laim' ot Vivian and Co., and now claim that ; reet."" His; Honor niled . that the grant being fbr " criiahjng," was for mining purposes, and as a "miner'e 'right'' gives;its hpl<ler all; the gold in and'Upon thb ground occupied by birn, supposing^the Company to Jiave always Jiad sufficieiit * ! -miners' nghl8,"^wbich by the way we don't think has yet.beeu shown,) the Company will be entatled to the reef as against Vivian and Go. If .tbis belaw.itIs frightfuily'. unjust. The asseBSors^wonld^aotliave it, and: ftwMiBftwai^iJ'to^ •••r.-• ">;••- \- The blankets taken fronrShe tent of tbe - man.l TII-ii- • f Phillips, ou Saturday night last, lave been returned toiiimJby i* neighbor, who accoan|eiy for their possession by stating that he was passing the tent on Saturday night, and, seeing the door open, "took the blankets away for fear they should be stolen !" It -will be remembered that Phillips deposed toJthe police that he had caught ^figure. jcloUiedinwhite, in his tent, and, fearing it was a ghost, threw an axe it. it and bolted. ' The a⁢ is a "curious" one all through. . ' -,. . We are glad to eee that the Committee appointed to car/y on the operations of the Penny Savings Bauk have lost no time, but will be prepared to receive deposits to-ruorr«w night ol from one penny to one pound. .. The first S50 depjsiloreof i»ne shilling And upwards will.receive a bonus of one shilling each, and the first 300 depositors under one shilling will receive sixpence eaclil Mr NauKvell, tlie iliniug Sur veyor, has kindly lent liis office for the purpose, and it is there the Committee will sit on Saturday evenings until futther notice. A somewhat amusing scene occurred the Court of Mines on Wednesday. When the Assessors in a mining case were about to be sworn, Mr Payuter remarked that one of them was a Germ&u;, not understanding English, and Mr J. D. Wood suggested that it was almost requisite that the Assessors should understand the evidence. His Honor thought so too, and addressing the supposed Teuton iuquired his uame; William Crowhurst, was the reply : That sounds; fciaxou, remwkt^ His Hondr^ : and ~ tlieu ' Jjre yoS" an Englishman! "English, yeas, whoy I was boruded in Kent," roared Cro» hurst, with pride, aud evident annoyance at the query. This satisfied the mistaken solicitor, aud caused loud laughter from all present. The Court for revising the Electoral Rolls for.the Assembly anil the North Western Province for the divisions of Maldon aud Baringhnp East aud West, i<t fixed to take place in the Court House, Maldon, uu the 19th lust. 