NEWS AND NOTES. We regret to learn that Mrs Harrison, of the Cum- berland Hotel, Durham Lead, committed suicide on Thursday afternoon, by cutting her throat almost from ear to ear. The unfortunate woman, who died almost immediately afterwards, had for several days been suffering from the effects of immoderate drink- ing of intoxicating liquors. A very badly attended meeting in aid of the move- ment for earlier closing of shops on Saturday nights, was held in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday evening. The meeting was convened by the Short Hours Association, and the chair was taken by the Mayor of Ballarat, and several resolu- tions in favor of the objects contemplated by the association, were carried by acclamation. A collec- tion was made during the meeting in aid of the move- ment. A report of the proceedings will be found in another column. Mr Thos. Randall, joined by Mr M. M. Pope, made application to the Returning Officer to have polling places appointed at Durham and Scarsdale, in addition to those already gazetted for the electoral district of North Grenville. The returning officer, Mr Robert Gillespie, J.P., has replied "that no additional polling place can be gazetted after the issue of the writ, so that the request cannot be com- plied with." As most of the voters in these places are miners working on shift, they will not be in a po- sition to resort to the polling places already nominated, and will practically be disfranchised. The voters at Durham and Scarsdale number about one thousand. Some time ago we mentioned the intention of Mr Ebenezer Shoobridge, of Valleyfield, New Norfolk, Tasmania, to present to the agricultural community of this colony, through the Victorian Acclimatisa- tion Society, several thousand hop plants. These have now arrived, and it appears may be had on application to the secretary of the society in Mel- bourne. In order to ensure their judicious distribu- tion it would be well if the Board of Agriculture was to be entrusted with Mr Shoobridge's handsome donation with a view to division among the various local agricultural societies. Under any circum- stances we wish to apprise these bodies of the fact that the hop plants now at Melbourne are numer- ous enough to give each a considerable number, and it would only be right to make the fullest use of Mr Shoobridge's thoughtfulness. Possibly some of the licensees under the 47th clause may see fit, also, to make application. A meeting of the committee of the Smythesdale Mechanics' Institute took place on Wednesday even- ing. Present- The Rev. S. Walker, in the chair, Messrs Burke, McGowan, Vale, Rawlings, Ham, and O'Brien. The Secretary read correspondence in reference to the supply of the Star to the Institute. It was moved by Mr Vale, seconded by Mr Ham, and carried- "That the action taken by the secretary, relative to the supply of the Star to the Institute, be endorsed, and that a vote of thanks be accorded to him for the steps taken by him in the matter." The following accounts were read and passed for pay- ment, viz.:-Price, £1 1s; Vale, £1 11s 6d; Advocate, £4 5s; Syer, £1 8s. Mr Vale, on behalf of a depu- tation appointed to wait on the Borough Council in reference to a grant-in-aid, stated that the Council had promised £50, payable in three months. Moved by Mr Rawlings, seconded by Mr O'Brien, and carried- "That the thanks of the committee be accorded to the deputation for obtaining, and to the Council for granting, the sum of £50 in aid of the institute." The secretary was instructed to obtain twenty-five subscription lists with a printed heading. A sub-committee, consisting of Messrs Burke, Ham, Rawlings, Williamson, and Vale, was appointed for the purpose of soliciting subscriptions for the build- ing fund. It was determined, on the motion of Mr Vale, seconded by Mr Rawlings- "That the Amateur Dramatic Company be requested to give another performance in aid of the funds of the insti- tution." Some desultory conversation ensued relative to the size and position of the intended new hall, and after the secretary had been instructed to purchase a clock for the institute the meeting adjourned. At the Creswick Police Court, on Thursday, before Mr Lewers, J.P., Chong Hone was brought up, charged with having offered for sale counterfeit metal purporting to be gold, with intent to defraud W. M. King, storekeeper. On the 14th instant, the prisoner had brought a parcel containing what he asserted to be gold, and offered it for sale to the prosecutor. The latter, on looking at the metal with a magnifying glass, thought the appearance rather suspicious, and told the prisoner so. He said "Very good." The pro- secutor then cleaned and weighed the metal, and told the prisoner that its value, at £3 19s 3d per oz, was £2 1s. The prisoner demurred at first, but afterwards agreed to take the sum. The prosecutor then took down the blow-pipe to test the metal, whereupon, seeing how matters stood, the pri- soner bolted. The prosecutor followed and overtook him near the Black Lead. Bringing him back, the prosecutor put the money in his hands. The prisoner took the money between his finger and thumb, but immediately dropped it into the prose- cutor's hand. The prosecutor then brought the prisoner to the lock-up and gave him into custody. The metal was produced in court and identified by the prosecutor. His Worship discharged the pri- soner, remarking that had he taken away the money he could then have punished him. On Tuesday, at Stockyard Hill, Mr G. G. Morton addressed a large meeting of the constituency, entered into a review of his past career, and gave an account of his stewardship. A local correspondent remarks -"It must have been extremely gratifying to Mr Morton's feelings to see so many staunch friends and supporters around him, and with what approbation his past and future policy met with, after all the petty attempts by his enemies to get hold of some- thing to hold up to the gaze of his constituents, so as to damage him for the future; but I am happy to say it is a failure. In fact, I do not think any mem- ber could wish for a better welcome by his con- stituents than Mr Morton met with on Stockyard Hill. When the show of hands was taken, I think, as near as I could average, there would be sixty persons present; and out of that for Mr Morton there would be fifty-five. Mr Morton finished his address amidst great applause. It was then pro- posed by Mr Hugh Cushing, seconded by Mr Smith, and carried- 'That Mr Morton was a fit and proper person to represent the district of Ripon and Hamp- den.' After a vote of thanks to the chairman (Mr George McQueen), about twelve gentlemen met and formed themselves into a committee to further Mr Morton's interests." A meeting of the Managers of the Burrumbeet aad Windermere Farmers' Common was held at the Bridges Hotel, on Tuesday, when were present the Chairman and Mr Maclure. The Chairman reported that Mr Maclure and himself had inspected the two blocks of land recently taken up on the common; that a portion of one of the blocks had been fenced in, and that they had reported the same to the Shire Council at its last meeting. Mr Walker's tender at £150 for herdsmen's duty (the only one put in) was accepted; the usual conditions to be complied with. Applications for permission to depasture were then examined, but as only 820 head of cattle were applied for, it was agreed to extend the time till Monday, the 19th instant, at noon, at which time the mana- gers would allot the same. The President of the Council of Ballaratshire acting on the request of the public meeting held last week at the Carse o' Gowrie Hotel, Learmonth, on the subject of transportation, has caused a circular letter of which the following is a copy to be sent to the Presidents and Chairmen of all Shire Councils and Road District Boards throughout the colony. The Council of Ballaratshire has always taken a lead among its kindred local bodies in matters of general public interest. The action taken on the present occasion is highly commendable, and will, we trust, be duly appreciated. The letter referred to is as follows:- "Shire Office, Learmonth, 13th September, 1864\. Sir,-I have the honor by direction of the President of the Council of the Shire of Ballarat to inform you that the subject of the movement now being made in Melbourne and elsewhere, with respect to transportation to the Australian colonies, has been brought prominently under the notice of the Council of this Shire, and that a public meeting has been called by the President of the Shire Council for the purpose of taking steps to forward to the Home Authorities, a remonstrance from the inhabitants of this shire against the continuance of any system of transportation to any of the Australian colonies. I am further directed to suggest that a simultaneous movement on the part of all Shire Councils and Road Boards throughout the colony in forwarding similar remonstrances would tend greatly to strengthen the anti- transportation cause, and to con- vince the Home Government that the people of this colony are really in earnest in what they demand. I have the honor to be, Sir, your obedient servant, J. H. Mather, Secretary of the Shire of Ballarat." A correspondent requests us to call the attention of the Eastern Council to the manner in which the contractor is digging out the ground near the Brick- layer's Arms. He states that the road was impas- sable before for persons on foot, and will now be worse. This is certainly a cause for complaint. Another correspondent complains of certain doings at an hotel in the Melbourne road, but he will find a quicker remedy by complaining to the police rather than to us. We learn that Mr E. C. Moore, who for about eight years has so ably filled the office of Secretary to the Hospital, has resigned his post, in consequence of being about to enter into some business arrange- ments in Ballarat. We are informed that a meeting of the Hospital Committee will be held this evening, at eight o'clock, to consider and order on the resig- nation. The railway authorities have at last done some- thing towards curing the liability to land slips on the bank leading down from the arrival front of the terminus to the Gnarr Creek. A stone wall has been built at the creek side, and up the bank, shingle drains have been laid, while the whole bank has been formed, smoothed, soiled and sown with grass seed. A man named Corcoran alias Gust was brought up at the District Police Court yesterday, on a warrant charging him with having deserted his wife. The warrant had been issued by the Buninyong Bench, and the man was remanded to that place. Oaks and pinasters have been planted in Sturt street, between Errard and Drummond streets, the oaks being of good size. The levelling of the path- way in all the planted reserves in Sturt street is being carried out, and the finishing of the ornamen- tation of the reserve between Dawson and Lyons streets is still going on, as the weather permits. The bank below Lydiard street has been sown with clover and rye grass seed. The Ballarat East Town-hall reserve now looks near the finishing. Most of the planting has been done, the fencing is nearly completed, and a little more work in the way of draining and gravelling will make the garden look quite smart. A wide flight of stone steps now leads up from Barkly street to the terrace in front of the Town-hall, and another flight leading down from the terrace to the gardens is now being laid. When finished, there will not be a smarter place in all Ballarat. The Government intends to appeal against the deci- sion of the Supreme Court in the case The Queen v Dallimore. A public meeting was held at the Coghill"s Creek Hotel, Coghill's Creek, on Tuesday, to hear the poli- tical opinions of Mr Thomas Cooper. Mr Vallance occupied the chair. Mr Cooper addressed the meet- ing for about two hours, and his policy appeared to give general satisfaction. At the conclusion of Mr Cooper's speech, Mr McCubbin moved, Mr Noble seconded, and it was carried unanimously- "That Mr Cooper is a fit and proper person to represent the district." An influential committee has been formed and is working most energetically to secure Mr Cooper's return. The much-debated subject of Protection and Free Trade, upon which politicians of all calibres direct their fire, is to be discussed this evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, by Dr Hickson. As that gen- tleman is learned in ghosts and secular education, he may also be versed in one of the knottiest of politico- economical questions, and be able to throw new light upon one side or other of the subject. The Charlie Napier Theatre is to be re opened on Saturday night, with an entirely new company. The police are in receipt of information of an attempted fraud on the public by the circulation of base and mutilated coin. In the case where the coin is not altogether a counterfeit, it is mutilated by clipping and otherwise, to an extent which ren- ders it useless for the ordinary purposes of trade. We learn from the Age that in the City Court, on Wednesday, Captain Saunders, of the Black Swan, was fined in the mitigated penalty of £5, for bring- ing over to this country a conditionally pardoned prisoner, named Kenneth McKay. This case appears to have been brought before the Bench chiefly as a caution to the masters of vessels trading between the two countries, as the Government wish it to be known that the Convict Prevention Act is to be again enforced with vigor. In pursuance of the same policy, the detectives have been on the alert in hunting up old hands, and, on Wednesday, no fewer than three conditionally pardoned convicts were remanded back to Tasmania; one of these being that well-known notoriety "Gipsy Smith." Mr Francis Robertson has announced that he will be again a candidate for the representation in the Legislative Council of the North-Western Province. We take the following from the Herald:- "A board was appointed by tbe Government to inquire into and appraise certain claims for gold discoveries -Parliament having voted £10,000 as rewards to fortunate prospectors. This Board was composed exclusively of supporters of the Ministry sitting and voting sightly in the Assembly. Their names were Messrs Frazer, Macgregor, Orr, Richardson, Thomson, and Wright. Their sittings were all held in Melbourne, and in the Parliament Houses, so that the members were at no sort of expense. The duties were not very light; indeed, to give the Board its due, we may say that they performed a difficult and delicate task very fairly well. The whole affair was in the fulness of time embodied in a blue- book, and laid on the table of the House. This £10,000 was, as far as we know, equitably appor- tioned, but the claimants never got a farthing. The Board, however, fared better, for within the last day or two each of its members, with the exception of Mr Macgregor, who returned the cheque, received either £40 or £50: the exact sum has not transpired. The laborer is worthy of his hire, but by the Offi- cials in Parliament Bill no member of either House can take a single farthing for work done on behalf of the Crown." 