SOCIAL AFFAIRS IN ENGLAND. (Written expressly for the Sydney Morning Herald.) Kettering, February 25th, 1864. THE Lunacy question continues to attract public attention. Not only has the case of Townley occu- pied the serious consideration of Parliament, but there is reason to believe that we are on the verge of some terrible revelations concerning the treatment of a certain class of lunatics in this county. The use of chains, dark cells, and other diabolical contrivances of a past age has not passed wholly away from our midst, and it will require a display of stern and unre- lenting vigour on the part of the authorities before some minds can be beaten into the conviction that kind treatment is the best, most sensible, and most efficacious treatment which can be devised for a harmless lunatic. That a large amount of ignorance respecting the proper treatment of lunatics exists here may be inferred from the circumstance that a Mr. W. F. Peacock, while visiting the Isle of Man, had his attention called to the state of a lunatic named Richard Waterson. The condition of the poor fellow was so horrible that Mr. Peacock dared not give more than a faint outline of it in the Times. The man had, some eighteen years ago, been frightened out of his senses by a mischievous fellow-workman who enacted the part of a ghost, and ever since he had been treated in a most cruel manner by his relations. Confined in a cowhouse, the door of which was bricked up and the windows strongly barred, this man for eighteen years bad been subjected to a horrible and shameful course of treatment. His place of imprisonment was literally a cesspool ; his food was thrown through the window to him, as to a dog; and he was exposed, without any adequate protection, to the cold, piercing frosts of winter, and the burning heats of summer: yet the neighbours, who knew the true state of the case, never once interfered, and it was reserved for Mr. Peacock, a stranger to the place, to rescue the miserable captive from his unhappy fate, and lay the whole case before the public. Unfortunately, bad as this case is, there are several others equally atrocious, and the whole subject is likely to come under the notice of Parliament. But one cannot help thinking as to whether this county stands alone in this matte? Are there any similar cases in Australia? The Transportation Question has at last, as was predicted, formed the subject of a stirring debate in the House of Commons, the prncipal speakers being Sir George Grey, Mr. Adderly, Lora Naas, M-. Whit- bread, Mr. Forte-cue, Sir John Pakington, Mr. < Childers, and Mr. Newdegate. Sir Georpe Grey began the discussion by moving for leave to Dring in . a bill to amend the Penal Servitude Acts, and in so doing, refeired to the alarm wb'ch had been displayed by the Eastern and Southern colonies of Australia at the prospect of Western Australia be- coming a regular penal settlement. Of course he ' defended the right of the Government to send con- victs thither, and in a somewhat angry strain cen- sured the colonists for the policy which they had adopted, at the same time protesting against the right of the inhabitants of East and South Australia to dictate to the Queen what course should be pur- sued with, regard to a colony situated hundreds of miles away irom them. But, notwithstanding his hot protests, Sir George showed he bad not for- gotten that "discretion was the better part of valour, " for, calling to mind the historical lessons associated with the name of Lord North, he mode- rated his tone, and condescended to explain the pro- posed policy of the Government with regard to the question. It was to the effect that conditional pardons should be abolished, and that convicts who obtained tickets-of-leave should remain in the colony, without being subjected to undue interference. Five years was to be the minimum term of sentences to penal servitude, and in a case of a ticket.of-leave being revoked, the convict would be sent baok to prison, to undergo the remainder of the original sen- tence. The system of transportation to Western Australia would not be extended, but continued as at present. Mr, Adderly opposed the measure, while Lord Naas thought, with respect to the transportation question, that the Government had been too hasty, and that a much larger extension of the system might be adopted ! He be- lieved that the colonists would become satis- fied such a thing might be done without inflicting any evil upon them ! Mr. Fortescue thought the Government to be right, while Sir John Paking- ton deemed them to be wrong, in refusing to extend the system of transportation to Western Australia. Sir John, however, qualified hil statement by ob- serving that, on the whole, the Government had exercised a wise discretion in refusing to incur the risk of a quarrel with any of the great Australian dependencies. The remaining speeches were merely an echo of what had been previously stated, ana ulti- mately leave was given to bring in the bill, which will probably pass. It should be added that Mr. Childers, the member for Pontef.cct, spoke well and sensibly on the subject. He said that "theUnder-Secretaryi for the Colonies had quoted some words used by him (Mr. Childers) upon a former occasion, to the effect that transportation might be carried on to a limited ex- tent until the changes recommended by the Com- missioners had been fairly tried. The question now stood upon a different footing. The colonists found ' that the result of the inquiry conducted by a Boyal Commission, composed of 'several of the most distinguished men in the country, was an almost una- nimous recommendatien that transportation should be ' largely increased. Finding that to be the case, they wished to get rid of the very source of danger, and would not be satisfied until they had an assurance that within a limited time-he would not say at once -transportation should be abolished. The case of the colonists, he might add, was not based upon mere sentiment or idle panic ; at bottom it rested upon a good foundation, and they not unnaturally hoped to see the whole of a free continent settled upon by a freepeople with the stigma oi transportation removed." Beepecting the decision of the Government, as ac- knowledged by Sir George Grey, the English Press haß been singularly outspoken. With one or two exceptions, they have ranged themselves on the side of the colonists, and protested against the attempt to force our criminal population upon a free and high- ( snirited neonle like thone? of AusTalia. But the questions of crime and criminals do not ao much occupy the attention of our legislators as to preclude them from bringing forward some sensible measures in connection with the improvement of the social condition of the working classes. Foremost among those members of the Government who are desirous of rendering themselves useful in this respect stands Mr. Gladstone. He has done much entitling him to the respect and confidence of the English people, and-to his honour be it said-he can look at the nation as something more than a mere machine from which so many pounds, shillings, and pence are to be annually wrung. Mr. Gladstone knows that the prosperity of a people is not always to be measured by ' the mere amounts of revenue yielded from its industry, and, in many of his measures, he has displayed an amount of principle somewhat rare amongst politicians. The interests of labour are equally important as those F of capital, and it is encouraging to behold them become more and more recognised by a Chancellor of the Exchequer. Everything which tends to promote the social and physical welfare of our workers, assists also in economising and increasing our national wealth j and resources. The more thrifty and provident that our artisans become, the larger will be the amount of, comforts at their command, and the less the danger of their future pauperism. Consequently, it is a matter ot the utmost importance that our workers should be encouraged as much as possible in the habits of thrift and economical expenditure, especially in the formation of funds, saved from their weekly wages, for the purpose of 1 assisting them in times of accident, sickness, loss of ,work, or old age. The establishment of the Savings' Bank system was a great step in this direction. According to Porter's Progrent of the Nation, savings' banks were originated in 1799, by the Rev. Jc-eph. ' Smith, of Wenaover, and their rapid succeis proved 'that many of our hard-working artisans were not in- disposed to avail themselveB of the facilities which ?Suchinstitutions afforded for the development of the principle of self-help amongst their class. Ut fortu- nately, a few of the savings' banks thus formed did not 'poséese adequate security for the safety of the suras entrusted to their keeping ; irregularities and defalca- tions becsme frequent, and much distrust was thereby awakened. - Yet, despite of these drawbacks, the .advantages of the system, imperfect as it necessarily wai, continued to display themselves, and the num- ber of depositors annually increased. As the funds formed by the sums deposited in the savings' banks 'began to increase, a question arose as to their future investment, so as to Becure the utmost possible amount of advantage to the depositors. The Government of the period solved the problem by offering deferred life annuities of limited amount to those depositors who had saved the cap!tal requisite for the purchase of the same. The Act of Parliament ."authorising the sale of Deferred Government Annui- ties was introduced by the late Earl Spencer, then Xiord Althorp, and its clauses enabled persons of limited means to purchase annuities of not less than f 4,.and not morethan £30, In annual value, the pur- chase-money being paid in one sum, or in instalments, at the option of the purchaser. Somehow or anotner, tbeplan has not proved so generally popmar as was anticipated, and the number of annuities thus pur- chased is not very large. The success of the Post Office savings'-banks has led Mr. Gladstone to make an attempt at introducing a similar but cheaper and | more perfect system of Government annuities in con- nection vtiih them, and he has brought forward a bill for that purpose. It is too early yet to discuss the merits of Mr. Gladstone's measure, but the insurance companies have already taken the alarm at what they loudly denounce as a proposed interference on the pBrt of the Government with pri- vate enterprise. Meetings havo_ been held for the purpose of protesting against Mr. Glad- stone's bill, and another is announced to take place this day, Mr. Thornton Hunt, of the UaiVy Telegraph, occupying the chair. It is difficult, however, to per- ceive in what way the assurance offices will be losen, as the class of persons for whom the advantages of Mr. Gladstone's scheme are intended are precisely thoäe who are not reached by the working of the present as- sociations. There ate very few, if any, assurance offices that will accept payments in small weekly instalments as authorised by Mr. Gladstone's bill, which, if suc- cessful, will do more than all the efforts of Mr. Tidd Pratt in nutting down the fungus-like benefit clubs and societies that fatten on the ignorance and weakness of tlic people. The arguments of the insurance offices are some- what akin to those of the Australian protectionists. Tbey seek te place " class benefit" above the "public good," and such individuals would do well to peruse your leading article of December 7th, 18G3. Tho arguments used therein are of the most convincing nature, going through the population in detail for the purpose of showing that what is called " protection to native industry" generally means increased and oppressive taxation of the bulk of the industrial population. To many people the mode, adopted in that article, of working out re- sults in detail, by exhausting all the comptions of the question, is more natural than is a By6te m of reason- ing on general principles. Both modes of research after ti uth, however, >'if fairly and accurately conducted, will be alike successful, It may be worth while to Bhow in a few words why the enumeration of the seve- ral occupations of the people, so carefully detailed, shews a list of some nineteen sufferers who pay for the supposed benefit of the twentieth, who enjoys the alleged advantages of "Protection." It will at once be clear that if all could bo equally "protected," giv- ing to each person the exact proportion of the rise in prices to which he would be fairly entitled, thereby making "protection" universal and equal, the peo- ple would be no better off than when they started - that with nominally higher prices, no one would be a whit the gainer. Each would pay away for all he wanted to buy, as much as he gained by all he had to sell, supposing such a fair adjustment made that none were taxed for others in the enhancement of prices. But as this factitious arrangement could only hold good at home and would have no effect on prices in foreign countries, all exportera of produce would be im- poverished, if not ruined, by the change. For insomuch as they could not sell what they sent abroad for more than before, they would not, like the sellers in the home market, receive the enhanced prices to enable them to make all their payments on the same scale. The "protected" artisan would have to pay a high price for the " protected " com- modities, while his unprotected fellow- worker in a foreign country where "protection" was unknown would obtain them much more cheaply. A new and rising country, like Australia, is crippled and borne down with such a system, as were all the colonies of | the old world, until free trade was understood and acted upon by them. Cheapness is the breath of life to all expanding populations, and the heaviest ' drawback which they have to contend with is the treat cost of many of the chief necessaries of life, 'he digger at the gold-fields is the exaggerated type of a *' protected " colony. He rums up gold by hand fuis, but, until the country is settled around him, has to pay nearly all he obtains, in order to keep body and soul together. In a leas degree, the same holds good of every son of toil, and of the cauntry at large, One and all find high payments to form the principal drawback on high receipts. In such a state of things, the addition of a feather'e weight to the burden of high prices is not "protection" but distractire. madness. A ny stagnation in a single trade, or in trade generally, at any period can only be relieved by what increases the wealth of the country. This wealth is not increased by toxin» Peter to pay Faul, a system which-disguise it as we may-is the beginning and end of " protection." It may be needful in new countries to submit for a while to duties or taxation for the pur- pose of meeting the outlay required for public im-, proveniente, roads, &c;, but here, if the outlay be Judicious, the ultimate advantage far exceeds the temporary sacrifice ; and what is paid is in the end re- ceived again with usury. Not so with duties levied for the sake of " protection." We have tried this sys- tem in England to an extent which the Americans would call " the bitter end," and know but too well where it leads to. Fortunately, we were wise enough to abandon " protection " before we were fairly ruined. ! Once let it be admitted that any trade or business is to , be protected at the expense of the community, and a terrible mischief is inflicted. The protected | trade,, instead of flourishing, pines and dwindles, and then cries for more " protection ; " and not only this, but the principle being allowed that " what is > sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander," other. trades must be "protected" too, until all business is, dwarfed, crippled, and swaddled to such an extent that they decay like blighted trees. Once reduced to ; this wretched plight, the "protected" country is! passed with giant strides by those where industry, ¡ trade, and commerce are unshackled and free. The Australian protectionists should ponder on the j following comparison of the prices in England of articles of consumption in 1816 and 1864. They are ; taken from a communication addressed by Mr. Samuel, Knight to one of the papers : «l8. 1864. ' Salt, 5d per lb., Sa per stone ... ... id per ttone Lump sugar, 1» 8d and Is 9d per lb. ... 6dperlb. Raw sugar, Is 2d and l8 3d per lb, ... 4Jd to 5d per lb. Teas, 8s per lb" best green 13s to 14s. ... Sa 4d to 4s per lb. Coffee, 4B to Ss per lb. ... ... ... Is to Is 8d per lb. So»», 14d per lb. .Sid to 4«4 per lb. Candles, lid per lb. .63 per lb. Currant», Hd per lb, ... ... ... 4d to id per lb. Cheese, Is to Is 2d per lb.7d to Sdper lb. Pepper, spices, and other small articles are all less by more than one bait. There are few English working men who would ex- change the prices of the free trade year 1861, for those of the protection vear. 1816 ! The effects of our free-trade policy is observable in every pBrt of the country. Despite the occurrence of the cotton famine and the outbreak of hostilities be- tween Germany and Denmark, the majority of our industrial hives are as busy as ever. The total revenue for the year 1863, was £70,433,620, while the expenditure was £67,810,087 11s. 10d., leaving a bal- ance of £2,622,632 5s. Id. In 1862, our revenue was £71,511,552 18s. 5d. ; our expenditure £71,511,552 13s. 5d., the fortifications scheme consuming unwards of £1,170,000 of the the revenue The days'of the deficient budgets appear to have been pa.'sed, and but for the mischief occasioned by the wars in America and Europe, our balance in hand would have been enormous. The vaBt amount of industry thus represented is, on the whole, in a flourishing con- dition, as shown by the latest tables of imports and exports. The total amount of merchandise export-1 by us in 1862 was £166,168,134, and of our imports £225,716,976. These figures show an increase in our exports amounting to six and a half millions over those of 1861, while the imports exhibit a correspond- ing increase of eight and a quarter millions. So mu;h for the adoption of a free-trade policy. Indeed, the general demand for labour in the mining tnd iron districts has already led to several strikes. In the northern ship-building trade it is the same. The shipwrights of Whitby and Berwick will not woik for less than 36s. per week. At Leeds the rail- way and other draymen have demanded shorter hours jf labour, and elsewhere there are symptoms of a re- newal of wages agitations. In the majority of cases, ibe demands of the employed have been complied with. The stagnation of employment in Lancashire has, however, been severely felt in Durham and Northumberland, the decrease in the consumption of coal in those two counties during 1863 being no less than 262,901 tons, but there are indications that the -oal trade is re-aBsuming its former proportions, áome of the Staffordshire employers have taken um- brage at the report of the Children's Employment Commission respecting the condition of the children employed in the potteries, but there is no reason for questioning the general accuracy of the conclusions arrived at by the Commissioners, The other day, a meeting took place at Longton, in Nortk Stafford- shire, at which the Chief Bailiff presided, when Alderman Copeland and other speakers condemned the proposed introduction of the Lancashire half time system into the potteries, and suggested, in lieu thereof, that no child should be employed under ten years of age, and not then unless it produced a certificate of age, and also that it was able to read and write ; that the hours of labour for children under the age of thirteen Bhall be limited to from seven in the morning until six in the evening, one and a half hours being allowed for meals. The question has lo be further discuised, meanwhile the Government commission is still silently but actively at work, the printers being the trade now under examination. The old savings' banks seem to have had their day, and are making place in some districts for their younger and suc- cessful rivalß, tbo Post Office Savings' BankB. The BeturnB for 1862 (the latest published) shew the amount due to Savings' Bank depositors to bo £34,347,649, agtinst £35.358,679, being a decreaso of £1,011,030 in 1802. Part of this decrease is attri- butable to the distress in Lancashire, but the main cause ÍB undoubtedly the Post Office Savings' Banks.' This is proved by the recently-published Official Returns for January, 1864, by which we leam that during that mon'h the tranafer of money from the PoBt Office bankB to the old banks was only £277 15B. 7d. ; the transfer from the old banks to the Post Office Banks waa £135,658 12s. ¡ while in "money and interest credited," the Commissioners have re- ceived from the Post Office BankB £189,609, and for the old banks, £105,774 5B. 6d., showing how rapidly the new banks ore gaining on their predecofsors. The total amount of money due to depositors in January, 1864, was £43,615,458 2s. 9d., against £43,405,270 7s. in the previous month. The annual returns of the Regis- trar-General tend to confirm the existence of a largo amount of industrial prosperity in many parts of the country. The number of births and marriages has exceeded those of all previous years-the largest in- crease being visible in Yorkshire, where the condition of trade is unusually healthy. The marriage of the Prince of Wales is stated to have been the principal Çicdisposing cause of the large increase of marriages, he general abundance and cheapness of food has also been a powerful cause. In Lancashire, the increase in the number of marriages has brought the figures nearly up to the standard existing previous to the outbreak of the cotton famine ; thus showing the im- provement which is gradually taking place in the condition of the cotton-manufacturing operatives. The rate of deaths has kept pace with the marriage and birth rates, but the causes of the increase were of an exceptional nature. Turning our attention to Lancpshire, we find much that is hopeful and encouraging, although the time is yet distant when the labours of the Relief Committees will cease to be needed. A few days since it was feared that the tide of distress would set in again with terrible severity. Fortunately, the dreaded event has not taken place. Still, the amount of pauperism is something fearful. The total number of individuals relieved by poor-law officials and by relief committees, was, in March, 1863 . 426,411 June, " . 256,230 September. 184,625 December, ,. 180,909 January, 1864 . 203,352 Duting the last few days, a decrease in the number receiving relief bas again taken place, but the state of the people is, in some places, bad enough, as may be iufeircd from the following paragraph which recently appeared in the Freston Guardian : STARVING Or-KHATivKs FJTKMNO OFF CAHHION,-On Friday last, Christopher Dobson, farmer, Great Harwood, had a diseased cow. lying in a field CIOBO to his house. The hide had been taken off for sale and the carcase left in the field to bury ; bat when he carno in a few hours after to bury the cow, bo found a lot of half starved operatives cairyingofT tho last remnant of tho diseased carcase, the whole of which, we beliovc, has been consumed as human food. There has been a great tnorease of pauperism in this place within tho last few weeks. Five mills aro working short time, and Messrs, CattcraU's mill, of 2000 spindlos and. about SS0 looms, is Completel}- at a stand. Application was recently made to the Government for a gift of some of the cast-off infantry great.coats, for the uBe of the unemployed, but Earl de Grey stated that the coats could not be given away, although they might be purchased for two shillings and sixpence each. The easy terms thus allowed by the Government led to a large number of the coats being purchased and distributed, and they are said to have been found very serviceable. It has been a matter of surprise that the Public Works Act should not have been mote extensively availed of in the distressed district«. According to an official return recently published, it appears that in the last week in January there were employed upon works undertaken under that Act 606 skilled, end 2247 un- skilled labourers. Of the latter, 2024 had been cotton manufacturing operatives witbin the last three ye us. The amount of wages range from 6s. 4d. to 18s. per week. The amount of labour performed by these is very large, but could the various townships be per- suaded to exhibit a more liberal spirit, twice the num- ber might be easily employed. There is still a large amount of funds in the hpnds of the head committee«, the Manchester Central Belief Committee holding a balance of £168,175 2s. Id., after deducting a sum of £7490, voted on Monday last to several places, such as Preston, Blackburn, &c.; The total amount of money teceived up to the present time, and placed at the dis- posal of the head commuters, is no less thau£l,485,883. The gifts of food, clothing, &c;, are not included ia this sum, and it is calculated that the total amount of relief in food, clothing, money, &c;, cannot have been less than two millions ! The emigration movement has not been lost sight of by the unemployed, but they have to contend with the almost insuperable diffi- culty of a want of funds. Still, they do their best, and a few days since a meeting wai held at the Weavers' Institute, Lawson-street, Preston, for the purpose of balloting two persons to proceed to Queensland. The meeting took place under the aus- pices of the Preston Weavers' Emigration Association, who also wished to send out the families of those who have already emigrated, eight in number, but did not possess the requisite funds. Respecting emigration generally, it may be said that of late a prejudice has sprung up against any exten- sion of the system of female emigration, while the ' system of family emigration has become more popular ¡ than ever. How the poor people regret the loss of: the noble-hearted Caroline Chisholm. Had she been i 1 in Lancashire during the last few months ¡ she would have been instrumental in rescuing ! i hundreds from a life of sorrow and misery, j l Mr. Jordan, the Queensland Emigration Commh- ' sion cr, has not been idle, although his efforts are ' spread over the kingdom. When I last heard of him, ! a few days since, he was lecturing in Kent, and had ' delivered two successful lectures at Chatham and ' Canterbury. The first was presided over by the Vicar I of Chat hem, and the second by the Mayor of Canter- bury. The lectures were listened to by crowded audiences. The Queensland Government, through their agent, Mr. Jordan, have been advertising for tenders for the conveyance of steerage passengers to Queensland. The emigration from Liverpool con- tinues very large, although exhibiting a slight decline, the number leaving during January, 1864, being 4431, against 4888, in January, 1863, The number of emi- grants to Australia was-to Sydney, 449 ; to Victoria, 451 ; to Queensland, 177, besides some few others. The amount of emigration during the present month is expected to display a large increase. Mr. Turren« has been lecturing in Ireland, and on the 1st instant delivered an explanatory address respecting his Land Registra'ion system, at the Com- mercial-buildings, Dublin. The requisition to Mr. Torrens, which led to the delivery of the lecture, was signed by the Lord Mayor of Dublin, the Earl of Howth, Lieutenant'of County and City of Dublin ; the Duke of Leinster, the members for the city, Lieuten- ant-Colonel Dickson, D.L., M.P. ; the Marquis of Sligo, the Earl of Meath, Sir John Gray, Sir Robert Kane, S.'r R. A. O'Donnell, Sir George L'Estrange, F. P. Dunne, M.P. ; the Right Hon. John Wynne, and a large number of the gentry, merchants, and leading men of the city. The Lord Mayor presided. A powerful and influential association has been formed for the purpose of promoting the application of Mr. Torrens' system to Ireland, and oeveral of the Irish Judges, besides some of the principal men in both branches of the legal profession, nave also given in their adhesion to Mr, Torrens' principle. In tact, there exists every reason for b.lieving that the Australian system of land transfer will be adopted for Ireland before the close of the present session of Parliament. Naturally enough, writing of Mr. Torrens' Land scheme suggests the subject of the agricultural labourer. Nobody will let him alone. He is talked about, talked at, and talked to, but it is all talk ! talk ! talk ! beginning in talk, and ending in talk, till the poor fellow begins to think of Lord Derby's famous soubriquet on Earl Russell-" Meddle and muddle," and apples it to his would-be friends. The Rev. Sydney Godolphin Osborne (S.G.O., of the Times), has penned some sensible letters on the sub- ject, while Mr. Bright has uttered an equal amount of nonsense, but nothing practical has yet been effected. Many of our labourers' homes are still little better than pigsties or dog-kennels, while they are crowded together in their sleeping rooms in a manner that would shame a Hottentot. But it is difficult to devise an immediate remedy, so we must watch and wait; meanwhile, in the towns and cities, some disagreeable disclosures are continually being made respecting the social condition of the poorer classes. Well may it be said that one half of the world does not know how the other half lives, and considering the amount of misery and de- spair which abounds around us, it would bo well if each learned to practise the Virgilian saying, Misais succurrere disco (I learn to succour the wretohed). But little can ever be done till the public- house nuisance is somewhat abated. So great and all-powerful has the evil become, that the United Kingdom Alliance has received a much larger amount of public support than they originally anticipated in their attempts to procure a Peimissive Bill. Day after day, the papers , team with cates of vice or crime arising from the uae of the bottle. It is a relief to turn away from the contemplation' of the darker tide of our everyday life, and to gaze on i's mt re hopeful and brighter aspeots, as exhibited in the numerous efforts which are ceaselessly being made for the purpose of elevating the social position of the masses. Amongst these, the Working Men's Club movement occupies an important place. These places have become exceedingly popular, and are being established in all the principal towns, but I fear that their originator, Dr. Solly, is a heavy loser by his benevolent undertaking. A doubt having been expressed as to whether such institutions coultl be enrolled under the Friendly Societies Act, au application was made to Sir George Grey respecting the same, and the subjoined letter was the result ; Whitehall. January 37, 1661. Sir,-I am directed by Secretary Sir George Grey to acknow- ledge tho receipt of yiur letter of tho 11th Instant, and to inform you that the powers and facilities of the Aot IS and 19 Victoria, o. 03 (the Friendly Societies Aot) may be extended to societies formed, as stated in the application of tho Working Men's Club and Instituto tnlon, for the purpose of social intercourse, mutual helpfulness, mental and moral improvement, rational recreation, and for affording faeilities for the holding of meetings of friendly societies legally established ; and I am to request that you will inform Sir George Grey whether this conreo will meet tho views of the applicants. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, H. WADDINGTON. In South Staffordshire an educational conference has been held, presided over by Lord Lyttelton. At one of the meetings discussion was invited on the question, "How the masses of men ii South Stafford- shire might be most successfully approached in making efforts to improve their social, moral, and intellectual condition?" The discussion brought forth a variety of recommendations, which ranged themselves under two heads-first, the establishment of working men's clubs, combining instruction and recreation, in which these objects may be pursued without restraint, and which may rival the public-houBe in attractiveness to work- ing men; second, the establishment of a "sound influential working men's provident" society, branch- ing throughout the district, intended to rival, and, if possible, supplant the public-hou«e clubs. The Corporation of Birmingham have at length resolved to purchase Aston Park. They have voted £26,000 for that purpose, and have been complimented by the Queen for doing so. Better late than never, though better soon than late. The Birmingham artisans will, after all, still retain their favouiite place of resort and recreation. The firat of the bu" dings erected by neons of the funds bequeathed by M». Peabody to the poor of London has been erected. It is situated at Bethnal Green, and has cost £20,009. There are large numbers of applications from would-be tcnonts, and much difficulty has been experienced in making a eelection. It remains to be seen whether the ex- periment will prove successful. The Duke of Newcsstle has been very ii', and, although his health has lately improved, there is an impression that he will shoitly resign office. The Duke's illness is said to be of a most complicated kind, aud disease of the heart has been mentioned. It is believed that he would have previor-ly retired, but that, pending the dispute with the Au'tralian colonies on the transportation question, no one liked to assume the responsibilities of the office held by him. There is no doubt that the mental excitement of the last few weeks has optratecLinjuñouoly on his health. A vigorous attack, originating with certain mern, bera of the Social Science Association, and headed by Mr. Bright, has lately been made upon the patent BJ Btem ; but although Mr. Bright is, for a wonder, backed by the JYmei, there is but a faint chance of his I success during the present generation. Following up thepiecedent thus afforded, Mr. William Chambers, of Edinburgh, has been falling foul of the literary copy» ight principle, and, as might have been expected, found very slight support. On the other hand, Mr. Black, the publisher and M.P., has introduced a bill into Parliament for the purpose of rendering the copy- right laws still more stringent. In Parliament, vet y few measures of a non-political character have as yet been brought forward. There has been, however, a discussion on the danger of fires in theatres. The matter originated with the news of the terrible catastrophe at Santiago, and the burning of a columbine at the Pavilion Theatre. The Lord Chamberlain called the managers of the metropolitan theatres together, and discussed the dangers to which the ballet girls were exposed in consequence of the generally unprotected state of the stage lights. The managers defended themselves from the charge of neglect and cast the blame on their employee», who, in their turn, have been ably defended by Mr. Dion Bourcicault. Remembering the proverb respecting doctors disagreeing, the Lord Chamberlain, like a sensible man, has acted on his own judgment, and issued a no'ice, which might be studio with ad- vantage by some of your Australian manegt-j. Here, it is : Regulations for the Better Protection against Accidents by Fire at Theatres Li' nsed by the Lord Chamberlain.-1. AU fixed and ordinary gas burners to be furnished with efficient guards. Movable and occasional lights to be, when possible, protected in the same manner, or put under charge of persons responsible for lighting, watching, and extinguishing them. 3\. The floats to be protected by a wire guard. The Bret gtound-line to be always without gas, and unconnected with gas, whether at the wings or elsewhere. Sufficient space to be left between each ground-lino, so is to lessen risk from accidents to all persons standing or moving among such lines. 3\. The rows or line« of gas burners at wings to commence four feet at least from the level of the stage, 4, Wet blankets or nigs, with buckets or water-pots to be always kept in the wings ; and attention to be directed to them by placards legibly printed or painted, and fixed immediately above them, As in rnle 1, some person to be responsible for keeping the blankets, buoketa, Ace, ready for immediate use. 6\. These regulatione to be always posted in some conspicuous ! place, so that all persons belonging to the theatre may bo i acquainted with their contents ; every breach or neglect of them, i or any aot of carelessness as regards fire, to be punished by fines I nr rll.ml.ini Viv Ihn manum BTDNXT, Lord Chamberlain. Lord Chamberlain's Office, St, Jsrucs's Palace, February i, 1864, In the letter which accompanies these directions, his lordship remarks that he " begs to impress upon the managers that the public is becoming more and more disposed to hold them responsible for accidents by fire occuring in the houses under their control ; and would suggest that speedy and certain punish- ment should be inflicted by them upon all persons in their service guilty of carelessness in this respect." Furthermore, that he "would also urge upon the managers the importance of facilitating, by every means in their power, the egress of all classes of their audiences from their theatres. He acknowledges with pleasure that much has of late years been effected ; but much room for improvement still exists, and he hopes to find that his caution in this respect has been attended to when the next annual inspection takes place." There is very little stirling in the horary woild. Miss Proctor, the daughter of Barry Cornwall, and author« SB of Legends and Lyrics, is dead ; and Mr. Thackeray's books and furniture are shortly to be sold by auction, « la mode. William Cullen Bryant, the American poet, is expected over here shortly, and will, if he comes, meet with a favourable reception. A new Conservative paper, of the gold-pen and rose-leaf school, has been started, with the high-sounding name of The Realm, but its chances of success are ex- tremely meagre. Miss Ingelow's Poems have been «published m America. From the reports of the various learned societies a few paragraphs and items hate been gleaned, which may prove of interest to Australian readers. At the meeting of the Royal Geographical Society on January 11th, Sir R. I. Murchison in the chair, a paper was read " On the Non-auriferous Character ef the Rocks of West Australia," by E. H. Hargraves, the discoverer of the Australian gold-mines. The Èaper was taken from a despatch of Sir George owen, the Governor of Queensland, to the Duke of Newcastle, and communicated by the Colonial Office. Mr, Hargraves reported that, while West Australia was rich in copper and iron, it contained very little fold. Mr. Selwyn, on being called upon by the resident to give his opinion on Mr. Hargraves' report, expressed his concurrence in the same, " Some of the specimens," said he, " in which Mr. Hargraves found indications of copper, he thought were analogous to rocks of central South Australis, from Mount Searle to Mount Remarkable, in which the great coppei-mines of South Australia occur. He thought, however, we ought hardly to take an examination of the coast-lino as a proof that the whole of Western Australia was not auriferous, because, if wo looked at the enormous expanse of Western Australia, it would be seen that Mr. Hargraves had traversed it but to a very limited extent ; and it was not improbable that there might be legions in which the Silurian rocks might re- appear. If we were to take the coast-line of Victoria, we might find districts fifty miles from the coast where there would be no auriferous deposits. Re- specting the occurrence of gold in granite, he might mention that he had received a letter from one of his colleagues in Australia, stating that a new locality in Victoria had been discovered, at Wood's Point, in which the qusrtz reefs are turning out extraordinarily rich, far surpassing anything hitherto known. The Surveyor-General stated that the reefs were in granite, and did not continue into the adjacent schist rocks, and were horizontal. The discovery was made by eight miners, who in eighteen months had realised between forty and fifty thousand pounds each." At the next meeting of the same association o» January 26, three papers were read, the first being a "Narrative of the expedition of Mr. Lefroy, Buperin tendent of convicts, eastward from Perth, West Aus- tralia," the other two being on the " Interior of Otago Pre vin ce,' Middle Island, Now Zealand. During the discussion which ensued, Mr. Harper, son of the Bishopof Canterbury, N.Z., described a journey he made in 1857, in company with a few natives from Canterbury, across the island to the weet coast, and thencedowntoJacksonBay. HecroEsedthegreatdivid ing ridge which cuts through the centre of the island, end from the summit he could trace the rivers which went off in opposite directions-the Kurunui to the eastward, and the Teramakau to the westward. He gaye some account of the hardships they encountered owing to the failure of their provisions, which they had to carry on their backs, and to the difficulty of getting across the rivers. He stated that the west coast of the (Bland consists of a long sandy beach, without any harbour indenting it, and that the interior ia covered with dense forest rigli t up to the mountains. In the south-west part of the island there was a harbour called Milford Haven, and the coast there was indented with deep fiords like those of Norway." At a meeting of the Zoological Society on January 12, Mr. Leadbeater exhibited a young specimen of Owen's Apteryx {Apteryx Owenii) from New Zealand. On the 26th, a communication was read from Dr. Krefft, of Sydney, on a new Australian serpent of the family Boidae, from Port Denison, N. E. Australia, proposed to be called Aspidioties melanocephalus. A paper was also read from Dr. J. C. Cox, of Sydney, on a new Australian species of mollusk, of the genus Helix, from Port Denison, proposed to be called Helix Forbesii. Another paper, by Messrs. Adam and Angus, contained descriptions of several new species of shells, principally from Aus- tralia, in the cabinet of Mr. Angus. At the fortnightly meeting of the Ethnological Society on January 26, a paper by Mr. Wallace "On the varieties of man in the Indian Archipelago," was read. In the course of the paper, the writer alluded to the fact that in a submarine manner, by banks, one part of the archipelago is connected with Asia, and the other with Australia, a gulf o£ deep unfathomable water sepa- rating tlie two. It was a very interesting paper, re- plete with information, and much approved of by Sir Roderick Murchison. On the 9th of Februavy, a paper on "The Ethnology of Australia," by Mr. A, Oldfield, was read, in which the ?witter contended that the aborigines wcie descended from the Malay, a view from which Sir Charles Nicholson warmly dis- sented. The discussion which ensued was extremely animated. At a meeting of the Anthropological So- ciety, on January 19, Mr. Leo read a paper " On the extinction of Races," wherein Mr. Lee controverted, and with much succes3, the popular theo./ that the extinction of the aborigines of any countiy was always to be accepted as an inevitable fact. On February 1st, the Rev. Hamlet Clark exhibited, at a meeting of the Entomological Society, a fine collection of Phyio phaous Coleóptera received bv h'm from Aimtrulin J JOHN PLUMMER. 