KENT TOWN WESLEYAN JUBILEE CHURCH. The foundation-stone of a new church in connection with the Wesleyan body was laid en Monday afternoon, October 10\. at Kent Town. The want of a place of worship in the neighborhood has, It v Mid, long Been lelt; out areumstanees nave aeiayea us commencement till now, Wltb Hie presentation, however, <rf a suitable block of land by Mr. J. Colton, M.P.. and the promised material support of* few liberal gentlemen, the movement was started, and bo far the efforts of the pro moters have been ancoessfal and gratifying in the ex treme. Hie services of the day were commenced by the children of the Sabbath-schools in the circuit meeting at 2 o'clock in the Parade Chapel, Norwood, whence they marched, headed by banners, and in company with their teachers and friends, to the site of the proposed new edifice. At 3 o'clock the Rev. & Ironside, the Superintendent of (be Circuit, gave out the 699thhymn,commencing: "From all that dwell below the skies", which being aung, the Ber. &. C. Fioekart vead the second chapter of the Second Book of Chronicles, descriptive of the erection of the temple of Jeru salem. The same rev. gentleman afterwards engaged in prayer. In the course of which he implored God's blessing opon the the work, sad expressed the hope that the bufldtng vrorid be a centre of influence finm which much good might emanate. Mr. G. P. Habhis next presented Hie Bar. Mr. Ironside with. a> handsome trowel and mallet with which to per form the ceremony. The Bey. Mr. Ibonside then read a copy or the parchment and a list of toe contents of the sealed bottle, whioh ma placed in the cavity prepared for it The documents ware ? follow* "The Wesleym Methodist Magazine tat Adelaide, No. 1, Wittcoirieat^thecircuitplansfor Adelaide. First.Second, and Third Circuits; minutes of the last Australasian Wes eyan Conference, held in Melbourne January last; the BauUrvui Advertiser papers of this day's date; a Aw coins of the realm of the presemt reign; a parchment on which Is inscribed as follows:—'ln the name and to the glory of the one God, almighty and everlasting Father. Son. md Holy Ghost, this foundation-stone ot the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church was laid by the Her. Samael Ironside, the Superintendent of tiie Adelaide Third Circuit, on the tenth day of October, in the year of our Lordope seventh year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, Sir pomlnkk Daly. X.C.8.. Governor of the colony of South AattraUa. This building is called the Jubilee Church, as It is being erectedintne jubilee year of the Wesleyan MtaUmary Society and of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church. The Rev. James Buller. of New Zealand, President of the Conference; the Bey. John Wattfbrd. Chairman of the District of South Australia; tiie following gentlemen being trustees of the church. rfc. :-John BaUantyne, Uenard N Bennett James Baling, William Clark, John Cotton. M.P- Bobert N. GauuTSeury Gosb, George P. Architects-Messrs. Wright & Woods. Bonders-Messrs. English & Brown. BL Ktag?borougn, Esq.. Th?nrer bTe. Tapiey. Esq.. Secretary. " Except the Lord bund the house, they labor In rain that baud it"-PMlms The Ber. Mr. Ironside having pronounced the etone dnjy laid, madeashort address, in the eoorseot w^heobseirv^ ion atone, and said there was nothing. wMeb be had done dnee his oonneetion wUh the pro vinoeUiat he should look upon wilh greater gratincMion. Tier built that house of prayer not inoppoalnon to any CtaJtSntaraTdTSTmott^o? tte W?ileyan Cn^cbbelng "WeareMend^of?U.and?einle??fnojM : ' 1 There was no other place of worship In tae neighborhood, and a Urge noniberoirpergoiia depandent nponttieU- mintf^Upf-? the neighbo%ood, ?o Sat they wgardedtfasf^^^f aanetaarv then as beuuc necessary for their operations. TheTSSotedit beltering God^vould ble? It. He was greatly delighted to ?w ?o nnmerous a"lattendance, aano tioningthelmportant and necessary undertaking. The children of the schools then ??>e*wo?,' w'2L?LS!! following Jubilee hymn, composed by the Ber. Thornby '•Iriarkl the JoyoM sound Is ?walling, Bark! tiie song of Jubilee; Of the Bavionr'sirliiinphs telling. Ofhleoonquestayettobe. JubOatel Jubilate! Christ shall reign from sea to sea "lDsiioni! Marions! they were foundeiJ, Heathen nattons to xdease; Faithful man went forth and sounded The glad tramp proclaiming peace. Jubilate! Jubilate! Never shall the tidings oease. "Fifty yean ago tiie story Of the love of God to man. Spread in richer streams the glory Than when first the work began. Jubilate! JnbUate! Thousands heard of mercy's plan, "Blob, has been the tide of blessing. Loud tiie song of liberty; Light has pierced tiie IndisnVdwelling, Afric'B sons have bean set free. Jubilate I Jubttat*! Saviour we rejoice in tiwe. ? See the Gospel Banner waving Where the Hindoo's temple stood; See the Isles of Fiji craving For the bread of lifts aatood. JubOatel Jubilate! They no longer thirst fiv blood. "Far and near our Churches flourish, Myriads chant their joyful Isys -. Schools the children guide and nourish, Old and young hosannahs rijse. Jabttatoi Jobfl?tei Great Bedeemerl Thee we praise. " Wider fields are etOl before us. Where to sow the precious seed; And that seed from heav'n's rich storehonie Wfli supply the world's vast need, JabVatei Jubilatet Onward let the work prooeed. | ••Briiig your offerings. ChritUaag, bring them, ' Bring your offerings, rich aad poor; Bring your sons and daughtan, bring them, Let them enter every door. JobUatel Jubilate! Spread the tidings more and more. ? May we catoh our firther's apbit, bi this year of Jubilee; May we aU their seal inherit. Fall of faith anil courage be. Jubilate! JobOafaTl Lord, we gin ourselves to thee." The Key. Jorr Watsiokd next ddtvand an addrcsa? lm?xc?a?|id]n?^firom?p?akJ?c tag owing ?q ?u7ep. presslvenessoftheweather. He said every Cmisttan must |i^oioelu the ei\\**io?oranother bouse of prayer. To him It was very pleasine to ccc so many Churches erected end being erected ftrathAnrtndU. and *wed^y to Adeltlde. Theytaldtliefoundatkm-BtaneoftbaiCnapel, because to it the glorious soapdof the blessed God wooid be proclaimed. IT anybody askedwhat Christian truths would be preached there, be would aay In the language of old Ifetfiodtem \- A present salvation for all men from all eta." They taught the doctrine that Christ bad died not only for their •fan but for the atna of the whole world-a dootrine which, as Dr. Gnthrie raid, bound •• the throne of mercy round, and perish the hand that shortens it a hair's breadUL" They mailed salvation for all meo-timt it waa the privilege of the believer not only to be forgiven, but to be cleansed from all anrJffbteoasnessT and to be preserved body, sonl, and spirit blameless until the day of the coming of Christ They preached all that to be attained in this life by faith in Christ Jesus. They also rejoined in that house because it would not only be a commodious but an elegant and a bfHiHftii hnnning That it would be good they knew because it was In the ttefii bands. They did not think that besntHnl glruclmes- thataroniteetnralorderandboroty—wereneces aary to achieve tbe great work they had to perform. Their forefathers preached in barns, mud houses, and log hots, and God's blessing rested upon them, for they were instru mental in saving many soub. But they believed they-were in a better position to dedicate more worthy structures to theoervfoeoi the Host men, and they recognised ft to be theirdotytodoso.Theytortherrejoioedthat&iendihadoome; forward to assist them in the undertaking. Hist were not believers in mere outward form; butthey Hoped and trusted that through the instrumentality of that erection, and the means of grace afforded with it, that the conversion of many souls wonW be attaint, as it wasthat alone which would •atisfrtbem. He boned that their communion nil would be thronged with broken-hearted penitents, seeking the mercy of God, and then tbe place would notbebnUt in rain. He prayed that God would bleu (be erection, and that He would preserve the workmen from accident and eviL The rev. gentleman then announced that the collection would be made. The ooUecaon,conslBUngehlely of voluntary oflerings on tbe foundation-atone, amounted to about Xi*. The Ber. J. Cope then save out the 737 th hymn, part of which being eung, be closed tills part of the proceedings by prayer and the benediction. We subjoin an architectural description of the proposes building— "This new building is to be cruciform in plan, with a tower and steeple at the norm-eastern intersection of the nave and aisle walls, and when fin'"l"*l will be capable of accommodating 1,000 persons. It is proposed at present to build the nave only, which will he 78 feet long. 40 feet wide, and 63 feet to the ridge, and will bold 440 persons. The design is transition gothio, lighted by alx lancet windows on one side and live on the other, and by two small windows and one large tracery window in front. The former are so arranged that one- half of each window will open, but the latter is to be filled with stained glass. The entrance is through a large door in front and another under the tower, both being rich with mouldings, opening inside into* screen under tbe choir. The inside of the building win receive Us adornment from the roof, which will be open and supported on moulded principals, resting on carved corbels, and will be stabied to represent oak; the celling will be boarded and painted white, thus giving a good relief to the principal timbers. The celling is not open to the ridge, but is finished at toecollar beam, so as to leave a good space for heatadair. Ventilation is continued through air gratings in the walls under the floor and in the aisles, thence it escapes through perforations in tbe celling into the open air, through numerous apertures in the roof- Hie walls are of Dry Creek rubble masonry, neatly pointed with out atone dressings. Hie roof is to be slate. The designs an by Messrs. Wright and Woods, and the builders Messrs. English & Brown, who have contracted to build tbe nave for •£2,766." THE TEA. AHD PUBLIC KEETHTG. The children were regaled with refreshments; and a tea lor the elder friends was provided In a booth erected on tie ground. It was attended by about 403 persons; and after the removal of the tea things, the public meeting was commenced. Hie meeting was largely attended, the booth being quite filled. Mr. Johk Colton. M.P., presided. After the usual pre liminaries. Mr. M. Klngsborough. Treasurer to the Trust, read a <*n???rt?i statement showing what had been done towards the building already. It appeared that the sum of £1,137 48. had been collected or promised, including dona tions of £200 by Mr. Colton. £100 by Mr. F. H. Faulding, and £100 by Mr. G. P. Harris. The afternoon's collection realized £13 ids. ttd-, and the tea meeting £is 68., ?"?fring a, clear total of £1,166 Us. cd. (Cheers.) TheCHAiBKAH then commenced bis address, humorously ?iimiing to the structure in which they were met; but remarking, that notwithstanding tins he trusted their gathering might be profitable in many respects—not only in a pecuniary sense, bnt in the information and good that might be done. They an knew Out he felt considerable in terest in their present proceedings. For many yean it had been considered essential tint a place of worship should be erected in Kent Town; and the site was deemed suitable and elevated, so that the structure would stand out and make itself known to aIL He believed the exterior of tbe new building would be exceedingly pleasing. They did not ignore ornament in con nection with places of worship; on the contrary they thought it was right. (Cheers.) He was also satisfied that the interior would not only be comfortable, .but beautiful, and euoh as to reflect credit upon their Church throughout the colony. The necessity for the erection must appear to evarymind that studied the question. Pirie-street was able to accommodate 1.200 persons, and upwards of 1.000 sittings were let. They had been obliged to refuse accommodation to that Chapel to many fiunlfies. With respect to their Church at Norwood, he was told that all the sittings were taken up, and that they had so aooommodation for the In creasing population of the neighborhood. With these bets then baton them they could not but admit tint another erection was essential, and that it eonld be supported with out draining either of the other sanctuaries. The trustees, with whom he rejoiced to be associated, had gone fully Into the question, and they believed that God would bless the undertaking which they had that day commenced. He did not wish unduly to estimate Methodism, but he had a few statistics, which he should like to give them. They had dose upon 130 places of worship in the oolony, and res pectable places, too; they were not" wattle and dab," aud the firandation- stones of others were being laid. They gave accommodation for 21,000 of the population of South Australia. This was about one-seventh of the whole colony; and in Victoria, where Roman Catholicism was so rampant, they bad accommodation for about one-twelfth of the whole population; and in New Sooth Wales their proportion was not so favorable, being about one-twenty-tbird. Therefore they had reason to congratulate themselves upon the work they were doing in South Australia, It was satisfactory to know that theyhad ?ot commenced a building before It was really necessary. The erection had long been contemplated, but they had never seen their wav clear to commence the undertaking until now. They had now. however, commenced It, and he was glad to see so many friends from different parts present, for they wanted their sympathy, their prayers, and then money. After a few other remarks, which were much ap plauded, he called upon The Bey. W. Bbowh, who moved tfaefoUowingresoluiion: "That this meeting, being persuaded of the great necessity of providing church a"flowTmMiatf ftp for the rising and im portant district of Kent Town, which as yet possesses neither church nor chapel, rejoices that at length the foun dation-stone of a substantial, commodious place of worship has been this day laid." He rejoiced in those services, and he pitied tha man who oonld not rejoice in them. The asso ciations in connection with the laying of the stone were of a Joyous kind, hot there were other matters for joyoasness. He rejoiced that the sanctuary was dedicated, not to one particular sect, but to the Triune God. He rejoiced also that they would there have a ministry that would preach tbe Gosspelinit? simplicity. He rejoioed also that they were carrying out their denominational responsibilities. He re joioed that in that township they were goin£to erect abuilding that would be a credit to the village and an honor to the body. (Cheers.) Methodism came to them in its vast responsibilities and in its blessed privileges. Their fathers sustained tbe cborcbes in all their integrity—they provided for them, and they in torn must provide for their children, so as to preserve, extend, and perpetuate Methodism upon the earth. He rejoiced also because the erection of the pro posed educe would give them another channel for the out nowings of their liberality. Giving was a means of grace, and why should they deny their people the realization of that happiness which Christian benevolence secured. After relating an aneodote Illustrative of the joyousoess of giving, he proceeded to remark that be might present many other reasons for rejoicing; but time would not allow him. They would rejoice, and no man should take away their joy. (Applause.) Mx. T. Padkax said the movement had bis hearty sup* port, and be was sure none of them would regret having subscribed towards the building, for he felt convinced that nothing would be preached in it except toe pure principles of "the Gospel, which contained according to Bowland Hill three cardinal doctrines:— *• Bum of man by sin: Redemp tion of the world by Jesus Christ; and Regeneration or our nature by tbe Holy Ghost.*' These three "r*s" would be pro claimed m the new building; but In order to do this they wanted tbe assistance and co-operation of all interested in It, which be nrgeutly besought He cordially seconded the resolution. The resolution waa carried. The choir here rendered the anthem " When the Lord shall build up Zion," in a very creditable manner. The Bey. Johs Cope proposed the second resolution, which was to the following effect:—"That as the trustees of the Kent Town Jubilee Church have laid themselves under considerabte-peounlaiT obligations in their endeavor to meet the religion* wants of this locality, this meeting pledges Itself to assist the trustees in their undertaking to the utmost of their power." He, too, expressed great pleasure at being present on that occasion; and then proceeded to commend the resolution to the meeting. The Chairman, he said, had bo dearly shown tbe necessity of the erection, that be did not see how they, as Wesleyans. could shirk their obligations to support It. He had great pleasure in moving the resolution, but he should not oonflnehimself wholly to pleading to them to liquidate their responsOdlities, for he felt quite sure they would do that without any urging from him. They might look at a place of worship in so far as they were interested in it. There was a commer cial view to take of the matter, and that was that if tiiey would have a thing worth tbe having they most pay for it A place of worship was calculated to exert great inflaenoe ; It was a testimony in Iteelf for God. No inhabitants oonld see It or listen to the bell without knowing Its existence; and the silent testimony of the fabric would be conveyed and would no doubt sometimes do good. Then, again, a township that contained a place of worship was a desirable spot to reside in—{hear)-for no one could avoid feeling the leavening and beneficial tnfliwnoea which It exerted; He was very glad that they were going to erect a suitable and hand some building. He bad no sympathy with barn-like build- Ings when the people could afford to erect a better one. (Cheers.) He wainotfond of too muoh ornament; but their sanctuaries should be anoh as would accord with the beauty and holiness of the Lord. If they nude it comfortable their children would be the more pleased with It, tbe more likely to Join in its eaored exercises, and it would doubtless stimu late them to support it by their gifts. He had been speaking to them in the light of interest, but he would now torn to another aspect of the question—that of duty. It might be said that toe New Testament dispensation released them from dedicating a OBrtaln portion of their Income to the ser vice of Ood, and released them from the injunctions and obligations of the laws of Hoses. He admitted this, but h* sSI contended that the spirit of the old dispensation was merged • into the New Testament dispensation and ran through it. They were to emulate thecharaoter of Jesus, who though he was rich yet for their sakes became poor. Let thembe His disciples, and let them show by their deeds that they ware actuated by tbe same principles which guidsd him. He woold not longer detain them from hearing their friend Mr. Flockait, who bad a long speech to give them. (Applause.) 'the Ber. ft. C Flockabt seconded the resolution, and acid he had been made most happy by the day's engage ments. When he looked upontbe intelligent and deeply interesting meeting he felt very proud, for infidelity never coltecteda nattering Uke that. (Cheeri.) He had looked at the foundation-stone which had that day been laid; and he was not disposed to quarrd about their calling the building a. "Church!"? the longer he lived tbe nseleesness of Wnkering about trifles and the importance of preaching only the cardinal principles of Christianity became the more SSnarenttobmi (Applause.) He waa glad that they bad connected the word "Jubilee" with the boilding; for what thoushts did it call'up I In the year 1838 tbe ship Fanny waswrettod on the coast of Encounter Bay. The late Bey. Mr. Lonsbottom, with bis excellent wife and son. were in that VMseTand little did they think of the great results whlcMvoaid flow from the labours of that minister. The chapel to which they uPni n&. i!0s n'*o?a?e *?? amauTand twelvemonths after tbe wreck of the Fannya sanctuary was opened in Gawler-plaoe. then in the bush. Afterwards the tuUding was sold to the Baptists, and he trnstrftt?Mi^yreta&iwuji;^ would be perpetuated, for they were the "mends of all and the eaemtesof none." (Plaudlta.) At this time be ?aid they wen oimp-"*?l with the Sydney district, and a gentleman writing from England suggested that the SSSSnTshSuMweachin Sydney In the morntag. In Mel bourne in the at6irnoan,?nd in Adelaide to the evening. (Lauahtec.) When Mr. IJongbottoni arrived there were s& bxaTpaachars, seven daw leaden,? ohnioh members, and 100 Sunday-school chUdrea. Now, however, they bad we looal preachers, 2*l class leadei?^Atsxcminjhj?enihera, and 7.251 scholars, who wen connected with 110 schools. If they bidoomp^ve^?nMSatkmiln?oim?stt<nrwSthesrrea a3ous denominations he felt sure even Mr. Gardner would SSStiiattteybaddonethelrwellingswell. (Laughter, asdobeera.) In 18(0 Mr. Longbottom left through illness ?>r Hew Zealand, and his place wasi supplied by 18. Eggle ?tga aad Mr. VMthAflMae. A 18? ?nd '4tfr?at misrepresentationa were ctreulatea about ttam, and in tits latter year tiey wen struck off tne foU by the district at home; but by gayer the breach was afterwards repaired. In IBM Mr. Longbotiom returned to them. After him they had Mr. Draper, then Mr. Batters, and now they bad Mr. Wetsford. who was leading on the band to conquest and victory. (Chens.) With reference to the money oasstion involved in the motion, many might say they bad already given, or flat ttny had no money. But there was money eiarrwhare, and be was not going to Insult that Jubilee meeting by bealng. Let them do their duty, and God would be wtthtbem, and bless them. The progress of Methodists was always for ward; taey mad* no provision for progress backward. Let them go onward and conquest was certain. (Loud ap plause") The Cbaibkan here announced that the collection would take place, and in doing so he stated that the east of the banding, Inrlnning fencing, fcc^ would not be less than £3,000. The Conference requirements rendered it necessary that tte trustees should see their way dear to toe attain ment of at least two-thirds of the total amount. Tola they did, Mw?oonseqoentiy ttiey commenced the bunding. They expected to be able to open it in May next, and as soon as the roof was on the ladies would hold a bazaar in the bunding. The ooUeotio? in cash and promises smounted to a little over £37, making about £1,200 altogether. Thn rturlr nang ?*""•***"?" "n?"^rn unrn mff.*' Try ?*" The Bey. H. X.Boegess moved ? That the thanks of Otis meeting be presented to the Rev. J. Wataford, for bis very valuable address that afternoon." The resolution needed no recommendation at his hands, as Mr. Watsford had by bis manliness and zeal won his way into tne affection and respect of all Wealeyans. The address that afternoon, though brief, was a clear enunciation of the great principles of Methodism. Mr. W. H. Sf?AitT.*wi> tersely seconded themoUon, which was earned. TheSev. M. Wilson proposed in a neat speech a vote of thanks to the ladies, to the stewards, to the choir, to Mr. Justice Gwynne for his present to the children or oranges, and to Mr. Cramond for supplying water. X Mr. H. Goss seconded the motion, whloa was agreed to. The anthem "Thine, O Lord" was here given by the choir with excellent effect. Mr. G. P. Habbis proposed, in a few complimentary words, a vote of franks to tie Chairman, which was seconded by the Bey. S. Ironside, "in large capitals." The motion was carried, and briefly acknowltdged. after which the proceedings were brought to a elote by the doxology ana benediction. 