MICKY MAHONY'S MISHAPS. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER VI.--CONCLUSION. "WELL, well! dear knows I've had cracks enow, the last two days, to kill a crocodile," apostrophised Micky, as he sat down on a log stool inside the chimney, after he had finished his supper; and it isn't the smallest bit ov me thruble naythir, to see me owld frinds rinning away from me, as if I was a churchyard ghost. If iver any innocint crater was sarved worse nor me, in two days, I should jist like to see him, that's all. I've bin robbed an murthered, an shaved, an straight-jacketed, till I'm got so ugly that all me frinds are scared at me outright; an here I am, lift all alone, forsaken by all me kin, like a buck rat that's tumbled into a tar-but. Och, blarney- stones! what'll come nixt, I wonder? I naydn't frit much about what's coming, anyhow— nor yit about what's gone naythir; I shall have strength given till me to bear the next thruble, whatever it may be. I feel that, shure enough, an that's a blissed comfort, that I niver felt in this hut afore. I've had pirplexity in galores, since I lift this tother morning, still an all, the pace I feel in me heart now, would help to make me smile if I met wid forty times as much. I'm not afeard of throuble, not I. But, sh, Musha! I wisht I'd got me books, so I do; l could read sich a lot ov thim, now I'm all alone an quiet. I wonder where that owld bloke has gone to wid em? but I hope he'll be reading em till I git em agin, an they'll do him good, soh; for he was a terrible owld turk to swear. Well, plase God, I'll git up in the mornin an I'll ride his horse till I find him, if he's in this part ov the worrld at all. Be the same token, I must go an look afther the poor baste; for he'll not like to be standin gnawing a gum sapling all night. I'm forgetting him clane, for I'm not used to the convanience of a horse to ride; I think I'm the firsht ov me family that iver sat in a real pigskin saddle." Accordingly, Micky went out, took off the saddle and saddle-bags, and after rubbing down his horse, he led him away to a waterhole to drink; then tethered him on a nice fresh piece of feed, and slowly returned towards the hut. As he approached it, he heard voices inside, and, to his great joy, beheld through the open window Joe Griddle and Sawney M'Grim, apparently holding a consultation together. Fearful of again frightening Joe, Micky paused awhile, and as he did so he overheard part of the con- versation. "I dinna believe a word aboot ghaists," said Sawney M'Grim in a positive tone. "There are bogles end kelpies in Scotland as plenty as thistles; but I never heerd tell o' ony o' them crossing the ocean to this unco hot coontry—they're nae sich fules. It wasna a ghaist at all ye seed, Joe; it was a muckle thief, that's my fancy; and ye should have knocket him doon with your frying-pan, and thin garnished his face wi' hot onion sauce. Hoot mon; ye've nae mair pluck than an auld wife, not you. If ye saw a wallaby or a white coo in the bush on a dark night, ye'd rin daft wi' frigcht, an ca' it a ghaist or a bogle. It wasna Micky Mahony's ghaist ye seed at all, I tell yer, ye great gowk, so dinna fash me wi' yer hobgoblin stories; an' if it was, it wadna harm ye, nae mair thon a moonbeam, or a whiff o' smoke fra a cutty pipe." "Be Jabers, ye're right, Sawney!" shouted Micky, springing forward into the hut, with his right hand extended to greet him; 'an' suppose I was a ghost wid iron claws, I wouldn't scratch a------" But neither Sawney nor Joe stopped to hear the conclusion of Micky's animated address. Away they both scampered out by the back door, faster than if the hut were on fire, closely followed by Nip, and despite Micky's loud shouts and cries, in his earnest endeavours to recal them, they bolted through the bush like wild cattle, and Micky saw them no more. After enjoying a smoke by the fireside, and an hour's quiet meditation, he said his prayers, and then turned into Joe Griddle's bed. In the morning, before sunrise, Micky got up, and when he had said his prayers, he put the kettle over the fire, then went out and watered his horse, and returned to the hut to breakfast. After he had finished his meal, he saddled his horse and rode away, with the intention of finding out the owner of the beast, and the possessor of his much prized books. He had provided himself with a little tea and sugar, some tobacco, and part of a damper, from Joe Griddle's stock; also with a blanket and a quart pot; for he was of course uncertain how far he would have to travel. Away rode Micky at a jog-trot, for he well knew that that was the best pace for a long journey; and as he jogged along he tried to refresh his mind with the recollection of some of the important truths he had recently learnt. About the middle of the day he stopped, and again tethered his horse, then made a fire, and put on his quart pot with a handful of tea in it. He was quietly enjoying his reflections and his pipe, while the tea was brewing, when he was suddenly startled by the well-remembered cry, "Bail up there!" and on looking round he beheld two horsemen, well armed, within shot-range of him. Instantly Micky's hand was in his side pocket, and pulling out his pistol he flourished it in a most threatening manner, at the same time hopping and dancing about with a view to strike terror into his assailants with a display of his ferocity, as well as to baulk their aim if they attempted to shoot him. "Arrah, thin," shouted Micky, "Ye'd betther take care how you come a-nigh this pishtle. Be the hoky, it's a rum un whin it goes off, so I jist caution you, me bhoys. Mind what yer afther, I tell you, for I won't be robbed agin, so long as I've got a gun to shoot wid. Be off wid yez, yer murtherin thieves! go and arn yer livin honestly, an not be afther staleing from the likes ov me. Be the living jingo, if this pishtle shu'd go off wid a bang, yer'd both of yez be blow'd into bits, not bigger nor gum leaves." "I call upon you in the Queen's name to surrender," said one of the horsemen, "I arrest you for horse- stealing; and if you don't drop your arms this instant I'll shoot you dead." "Wheugh!" whistled Micky, dropping his pistol, "That's it, is it, me jewell? Ho, ho, ho! I beg yer pardons, soh. I thought yez were thieves, yez look just like em. It's all right frinds; I'll pritty soon explain iverything to yez. It's a mishtake alto- gether, an if ye'll jist git off an take a pot of tay wid me, I'll tell yez all about it; then you can trot home agin, an save yourselves a hape of throuble and botheration." The troopers dismounted, but instead of accepting Micky's kind invitation to tea, they seized and hand- cuffed him, then commanded him to sit down while they caught his horse. "Och murther!" groaned Micky, "what for do yez put these bracelets on to me? I won't rin away, nivir fear. I didn't stale the horse at all, not I faith; an' if ye'll jist sit down, as I axed yez before, I'll tell yez all about it, an' ye'll see in a jiffy that I'm as innocent as the horse himself, every bit." "It's my duty to caution you, that anything you say will be produced in evidence against you," said the trooper, kindly. "To be shure, honey! that's jist what I want," said Micky; "produce every haporth ov it, that's a good sowl." He then began a rambling version of the way he got the horse, and expressed his anxiety to see the owner of it, to confirm his story, and return him his books, which were worth a stud of horses. "You'll see him to-morrow safe enough," said the trooper. "Now then, mate, here's your horse, mount and come with us." Micky mounted, and away they rode at a moderate pace, and a long weary ride it was too. For some time Mick employed all his eloquence in defence of his honesty, but finding at length that it was entirely wasted upon the troopers; that they were as stolid as dead stumps to all his appeals to their "common sinse," he concluded that they had got no common sinse at all; so he rode the rest of the journey in silence. Some hours after dark thy entered a small straggling township, and stopped at the door of the lock-up; therein they incarcerated poor Micky, and fastened him to a chain as a precaution against his making his escape. After one or two attempts to enlist the sympathies of the lock-up keeper, but find- ing him as iron-hearted as the troopers, Micky ate his allowance of victuals, then lay down upon some straw, and thought of his kind friend Mr. Hopewell, and upon all the good words he had spoken to him, until his heart grew as cheerful as if he had all he wanted in the world at his command. The next day, about noon, he was unchained and escorted to the Court-house, followed by a concourse of idlers and newsmongers. The Court waited some time in vain for the arrival of a second J.P., when the magistrate present, after a consultation with the pro- secutor (who had been accommodated with a seat on the bench), decided to hear the case prior to remand- ing it to a future day. The prosecutor was then sworn in the usual form, and gave his evidence substantially correct. He described his disastrous meeting with Micky, and the latter volunteering to catch the runaway horse. He further stated that he had sat for three hours under a tree, reading the two books—produced—which pri- soner had hypocritically recommended him to read, till he returned with the horse. That a traveller had passed who informed him that he had met a man riding a horse, which, from the description, he con- cluded was his own beast; and further concluded, that he had been duped out of his horse and saddle-bags. He then started on foot towards the nearest station, but was benighted in the bush: finally he reached that township, and a warrant for the apprehension of the prisoner was im- mediately issued on his application. "You swear positively to the identity of the prisoner, do you?" asked the magistrate. "I do, your worship," said the prosecutor, "though he has attempted to disguise himself by shaving all his hair from his head and face, since I last saw him. Still, I clearly identify him by his peculiar idiom, his tomfool's coat, and his ragged hat." "I don't deny anything in the worrld, yer honor," interrupted Micky; "leastways, I do deny—" "Silence, sir," said the magistrate, with a severe frown: "you don't deny, and you do deny; what do you mean by such impudence?" At that moment the unpunctual J.P. walked into court and took his seat on the bench. "Arrah, be gingo! that's the jintleman what shaved me, as clane as little Judy Fagan," shouted Micky, while he danced with delight and pointed to the bench. The barefaced assertion that a magistrate had acted barber to a bushranger was a severe shock to the sensi- tive feeling of the two constables in court, and far more than their patience could quietly put up with. They both shouted silence, simultaneously, and at the same time shook poor Micky, till all his joints cracked like dry sticks. "Leave the man alone, constables," said the gentle- man just alluded to, sternly. "How dare you illuse a prisoner in that way?" "He's an incorrigible miscreant," said the other J.P., with a defiant look at his colleague, and an ap- proving glance at the constables, who straightened their shirt collars, and coughed. What is the charge against the prisoner?" asked the rational J.P. With some sotto voce insinuations, that if the in- quirer had not been absent from his duties, as usual, he would have heard the charge,—the testy J.P. ordered the evidence to be read over by the clerk of the Court. "It is clear to me that I shall be a material wit- ness in this case," said the gentleman, rising, after the evidence had been read. "I have seen that poor man before." "Hurrah!" roared Micky, "didn't I tell yez so? I'm as innocent as a young duck inside a hen's egg, so I am." "Silence!" shouted the senior J. P., and all the posse comitatus echoed the order, and made ten times more noise then Micky. The gentleman then briefly but lucidly, explained his meeting with Micky, and the subsequent events; especially commenting upon his extreme anxiety to find the old gentleman, with whom he had left two valuable books. The deponent also expressed his re- gret that he had, through the novelty of the prisoner's anxiety, mistaken him for, and treated him as, a dangerous lunatic; and finally stated his belief that he was an honest man, whom he would be very glad to have in his employ, A wondeiful reaction in Micky's favour commenced from that moment. The frowns of the prosecutor's face relaxed into bland smiles. The testy J.P. began to look good tempered, and the constables seemed sorry for having rattled Micky's bones so roughly. The saddle-bags were next examined, and proved that Micky had not extracted an article from them. The saddle was examined too, and its evidence was also favourable; the examination of the horse was dis- pensed with. After a few minutes' conference be- tween the magistrates, Micky received an honourable acquittal; and what pleased him still more, he re- ceived back his precious books from the hands of the prosecutor, who remarked, "that he had read them with pleasure and profit; and intended to buy copies of them as soon as he could." As Micky took the books into his hands, his honest face glowed with happiness which seemed to illumine the gloomy courthouse, and fill the patrician looking clerk's eyes with tears of sympathy. Making a feint to touch his forelock to the bench and the prosecutor, Micky exclaimed in a hearty tone, "Long life to yer honors! May God bless every sowl of yez—constables an all," and then he hurried out of the building. He was quickly followed out by a dilapidated look- ing personage, with a purple nose and a red beard, who tapped him on the shoulder. "Mr. Mahony," said the phenomenon, "allow me to offer you a little advice, for I see you are an ill-used man. You have grounds for two good actions for damages; and your fortune is as good as made, if you go the sharp way to work. You have a first rate action against old Nobbles, for false imprisonment. He is as rich as a copper mine, and you may knock a handsome sum out of him. Mr. Phinewoof, the J.P., is rich too, you have a stunning action for assault and battery there, and are sure to get heavy damages. Will you stop with me to my office?" "Not a bit on it, Mr. What's-yer-name. I've got no grudge against ayther of them gintlemen. They shaved me head an face as bald as a hatter's block, sar- tinly; bet that's all the damage they've done me, an that isn't much. I don't want to go to law wid em for such a trifle as that. Beside, l'v got betther law nor yourn to go to, here," said Micky, laying his hand on his Bible. "An I'm thinkin' if yez was to study them laws a bit, every day ov your life, yez would learn better manners than to be setting yer neighbours a squabblin' an fightin'; an ye'd larn to make pace, instead of kicking up rows," saying which he turned on his heel and walked away, He had not gone far before he heard some person calling after him, and on looking round he saw Mr. Nobbles hobbling after him as fast as his short legs could carry his fat body. "Hoy, Mr. Mahony," said Mr. Nobbles, "don't be in such a hurry, I want to speak with you. Give me your hand," he added, as he came up to Micky, "You are one of the right sort I can see, and I respect an honest man, whether he be rich or poor. I am very sorry, indeed, that I caused you so much trouble, and I hope you'll try to forget it. I've been under the impression that you were one of those mischievous hypocrites, who make a trade of their spurious piety; I have heard of such schemers, and I would half-drown them with sheep-wash, if I could catch any of them on my run. I suspected you were one of that dangerous fry; and that you had recommended me to sit and study your Bible, while you stole my horse and saddle-bags. I have heard of similar tricks before to-day. I see, however, that I have made a mistake in your character, Mr. Mahony. I think you really believe in that good book which you have under your arm, and which I am very glad I have seen, for I intend to turn ever a new leaf from to-day. Now, I'm a man of few words, and I'll make a bargain with you on the spot if you like. I want an overseer for my head-station, and you are just the man for me. What do you say—will you engage with me at once?" "Wid all me heart," said Micky, "for I'm out of a berth, unless I unship Sawny M'Quim agin, and I wont do that anyhow, bekase it wouldn't be fair play." "That's settled then," said Mr. Nobbles, "and now I'll treat you to a new outfit, as some amend for the annoyance I have caused you; come along with me to the store.' So Micky went with his good friend to a store near at hand, and although he modestly demurred against taking so many articles as the storekeeper forced upon him, his new employer, who stood by, insisted upon his having a thorough rig out, and when Micky left the store, he had a larger stock of necessaries than he had ever before possessed in his lifetime; and was, as he himself humorously ex- pressed it, "dressed better nor his masther." "Don't say a word," said Mr. Nobbles, interrupting Micky's torrent of thanks, "Let's get home as fast as we can. Go and mount the old horse again; there, there, no more thanks; go and mount Ginger, and follow me." Micky obeyed, and soon afterwards he and his new master were trotting along the road, towards Dingobones Station. * * * * * We should have much pleasure in continuing Micky's history at length, but could scarcely do so under the title of our present chapters; for "Micky's mishaps" were over. He had begun an entirely new era in his life, and in a short time he was, to use his own words, "a new man altogether." He daily rose in the estimation of his kind master, and also in the good graces of all the employes on the establishment. Micky was a true believer in God's word, and strove to walk humbly and truly by its Divine precepts, which were his daily study, and the guide of his life. Although he did not attempt to preach that word to others, he earnestly strove to give evidence of his firm faith in it, by his upright walk and conversation; and never did he omit a seasonable opportunity of directing a poor uninstructed neighbour to the plain simple way in which he found peace with God, and the hope of Heaven. He was untiring in his un- obtrusive, quiet, though cheerful efforts to do good, in his homelv way, and his influence was felt, not only in his master's household, but on that and the neigh- bouring stations. Joe Griddle was in course of time installed as Mr. Mahony's house servant; and the Bible, the "Sunday at Home," the "Leisure Hour," and other good books, had replaced the trashy pernicious volumes in Joe's library. Very soon he, too, could feel that his old tormenting fears of death had been driven away by the light of Divine truth, and that he had a comfort- ing hope of "life beyond life." * * * * Reader! whether you live in the bush or in the city, whether you be rich or poor, old or young, gentle or simple, if you want to be happy and useful through life, peaceful in the hour of death, and glorified throughout eternity, the simple plan to obtain those blessings, is to do as poor Micky Mahony did, viz.,-- "Repent, and believe the Gospel." Darlinghurst. 