SWAS nil.I, ntnci Stewards: Mo-ws. P.Boverirtgo, R. Wood, F. Parker, S. H. Officer, J. Ktrk, W. Burgess and K. Beveridgo. Starter: Mr. V. Bevoridgo. Judge : Mr. R. Wood. My Drai» Bbll,— The Swan Hill annual Jockey Clnb raco meeting enmo off on the days advortiaed, namoly, tho 18th and 19th May, and, considering all things, wero n perfect SltrPPfta. Tlln wn.tliav mna all ll.nl hahU Ua desired, neither too hot nor too cold, Kaoh »aca was well contested, and great praiao ia due to tho stewards for tho able manner in which all tho arrangements were carried out. As a matter of course, n good many disputes arose, but theso will happen auywbere, bnt more oapecinlly at counlrjr meetings. However, they were mostly of a trivial nature, and consequently easily arranged. Punctually nt half-past eleven, lo bell w»u rung for the first raoo, namely, tho Maiden Plate, for which b!x nnimaln stripped, mostly local horses ; tlio favourito was a borno wlongiog to Mr. R, Sevior, called Confederate, hut, os Is often the case with favourites, ho did not win. Maidrn Plate, of 20 sovn. Mile and a half. Mr. J. lI'Leoa's oh m Maty Anne. 6 yrs ? ....... ...'. ? (Wlntertiottom) 1 r. It. Hovlor's b r Confederate, 5 yrB ...(Taylor) 3 Mr. G.IInlc'sgrg 1'leuro Pneumonia, nped .... Mr. F.'r'aVlc'c'r'i'bK St. Androw.'o'gedV.(Dowling) 0 Mr. D. Mackintosh's b m Blink Bonny, 6 yrs.... 0 Mr. 1'. Bcrerldge's br c Brownlock, aged ? ?? ? ? ? ? ? (Pjwell) O' A good rnoo betwoen Mary Anno nnd Con fodcrnto, tho , mare winning by half a head, tho rest nowntre. District Platb, of 30 bovb. Twomllon. Mr. 11 G. Wood's bl g Dun D;lo, by Dolo, 5 yrs M^f. K.'c.'BeVcVldgo''V b g The' italic,' 'ngcd . .°™ . ? ;,., ? (Powell) 3 Mr. G. Hule's bl g Sultan.4 yrB..(Wlnterbotiom) 3 r- W-Bj'15'*'' gT B *'igleman, aged (Dowllng) 0 Mr. S. J. Brown s brg Count, Jb'osco, s yrs ? ??? ? (Cnmns) O Won easily, Dun Dolo evidently being in ronl good condition, although said to bo graesfed; l'ho Hake a good seoond, Sultan a good third, tho rest nowhere. Town Pwtb, of 40 sovs. Thres miles. r. \V. flurgees's gr(r Young Blnze, aged (Forrest) 1 r. It. Stvlor'8 b g Mustang, aged. ? (Taylor) 3 r. F. Parker's oh g Farnlmin. 5 yrs. .(Dowllng) 3 Mr P. Beverldge's brg Brownloclt, aged ? dr Young Blaza took the lead trom the start, and was never caught, winning easily, hands down. Hack Race, won by Mr. L. Parker's oh g Almn, beating bIx others. THURSDAY, IDtii May.— DBRnY, of 30 sova. -'no raile. r. M'Leod'a b f Annie, 3 yrs . . ( Winterbottom) 1 Mr. II. Italnes's b oThe Murray Stag, 3 yrs ? ? .(Powell) 3 r. Jj. Mackintosh's t r f Modesty, 2 yra (Currans) 3 Mr. A. M'D 'nnld's ro f Native Cat, 3 yrs ? dlst Mr. K. G. Wood's b f Nancy, 2 yrs ? dfst A good rnco bolwoen the flwt twohorBcfl, and only for tho colt having lo carry a great deal overweight, there would have bocn a slight alteration In their places. Modesty a bad third. Ladies' Purse, of 3D sov . Two mllee. Mr. K. Bevlor's b g Mustang, by Tlio Premier, oged ? (Mr Scvbr) l Mr, W. Burgess's gr g Young Blaze, need ? ? (Mr. Burgess) 3 Mr. F. Parker's ch p Farnham, 5 yr! (Mr. Parker) 0 Mr. P. Ueycrldge's br g Itrownloolr, »ged ? ? (Mr. B. C, Beverldgc) o »x. a. vx. huuj a ui k uuu r/mu, oyra ? Qr Brnwnlock took tho lead from tho jump, and kept It for a mile nnd a half, when ho was passed by Mnstang nnd Young Blaze, who raced together for abnnt n quarter of a mile, when Mustang pnaRcd Young BlaE?, and won easily, Mr. liurgess being too ill to do juBticnio his horse. Mr. Boveridge having a match for £.50 a Bide, to oomo off tho next day, di-- not push Brownlock, and after .Young Blaze nnd Mustang passod him, pullod bis borso up, and cantered in. Hubdlk Race, of 3 bovs each, with 25 sovs added. Ono milo and a half. Hoats. Mr. S. J. Brown's oh m No Name, aged ? ? (Winterbottom) 1 1 r. F. l'arkcr'achgFarnharo,5yr8(Currans) 3 2 Mr. A. Macdonnld'a ch g Fuzer, agoJ ? ? (S. Burton) 0 3 Mr. II. C. Bevcridge's b g 1 ho Ghost, need . . . . ? (Powell) 3 dr Mn W. J. Melno's ch m No Chance, aged ? dr The Ghost went off with tho lo»d, taking hia leaps iu splendid atylo, being admirably ridden by his trainer and jockey. Unfortunately for his owner, be- hnd not foot enough to win, and list beforo coming to tho lost leap ha was passed l-y tbo maro, who won ai Bho liked, Farnhnm second. If the leaps had only boon a little stlff'er, Tho Ghost would have won the race, the first and second horses having strnck thu hurdles heavily at nearly overy jump. Fiztar fell at the first leap in the first hea , and at the eocond leap tho second hea-, thus losing nil chance of Iho re co. No Chanco did not start, the owner finding that sho would not jump the dayhofore tho. rnoo. Consolatiok Handicap, of 1 sov enoh, with IU b'jvs ndded. Onn mile nnd a half. Mr. K. Beveridne'a b g The Hake, aged, ost 3lb .. ? (Powell) 1 Mr. G. IIulc's bl g Sultan, 4 yre, 9st 7lb ? ? (Wliterbottom) 3 Mr. VT. Burgess's b m Mljs AVludham, 5 yrs, Ost lib ? (Currrans) O Mr. F. Patker'a b g St . Andrew, aged, lost ...... ? (Dowllug) t Mr. D. Mackintosh's b m Blink Bonny, 8st lulb.. ? ? ? (Crystal) 0 Mr. R. Sevlor's bg Confederate, list ? dr A slashing race between Tho Rako and Sultnn, tho rest nowhere. Tho owner of Bultnn entered tv, protest ajniiiBt Tho Rako on tho iiloa of toatllnir on tho part of Tho Rake's jockey. In thn evening tho stewards wont into tbo mntter carefully, and decided that the c'li.irgo was frivolous and voxatiouB, and gave the monoy to tho owner of Tho Bake. Gbeat Match tor £1000 at Newsiahket. — An extraordinary match has been nude, which may be considered one of tho most novel In tho history of tho Turf. Sir Joseph Hawley and tho E«rl of Westmoreland have accepted a woger of £1000 that thoy trnnsmit a message by horso and jockoy U0 mllea wlthiu the hour, and they nro allowed to employ any number of boraeB, and as light joekoyd as thoy please. It is stipulated that the raeasaRU must bo » written oue. It will be Been that enoh mflo will hnvo to bo completed in two mlnutoa, nnd considering that tho best Derby time p'onrdod in Blink Bonny'a (2min. 45seo.) and Kettledrum's (2mln. 4'jseo.), Sir Joseph Hnwley nnd Lord WeBtmorelnnd will havo to employ somo good oattlo, hoarlag in mind tha Inevitnhle stoppages whioh muslocour for chnugo of horses and juckeya. One of tho backers of timo offers to lay £5U00, with the oonditlon of £100 forfeit. Tho match is appointed to come off at ono of the Noivmarkot autumn meetings. Tub Australian Jociey Club Debt.— To a Member of tho Australinn Jockey Club, per fnvour of Sell's Ltfe in Sydney.— Sir,— With referenco to tho article headed 'Tho Jockey Club Debt,' wbiob appeared lost Saturday in Bell's Life, I had dotcrained, notwithstanding Us misrepresentations and inaccuracies, to let it pnss without coramont. Observing-, howover, in tho Empire of tho 9th inst., your letter lequest ing to know what I had to Boy respecting discre pancies botwoon certain staterooms contained In that artUlo and thosa mado at the last annuil moetingof tho Australian Jockoy Club, I havo modified my determination io far as to inform you that thu discrepancies alludod to arise simply through the Incorrect statements mado in tho nrtlo'.c in question. Tho debt, instead of hnving been £3501) at tho end of 18G2, exceeded £1000 at that date ; and Mr Burt, notwithstanding nsser tions to tho contrary, has not boen liable for tho over-draft of £750, or any portion thereof, sfnoo my appointment to the offico of hon. secretary ; iho notes for iho £750 in question having been previously retired by a cheque from the treasurer of the clnb, consequently they eould not possibly havo beou ' recently retired by tho sale of de bentures,' for tho debenture aohomo was not authorised by tho olub till tho deed of grant was issued, whiob did not tnko placo till fully six montliB afterwards. I may hero be permitted bIbo to inform you (as you ecem anxious to know) thnt the reason why ' tho last report of the now commltteo of tho A.J.C. did not contain a single word in reference to thti Joint liability of MessiB JI'Quado, Burs, and L&okoy;,' is simply taoauso Iho liability in question was not con tracted during tho joar that oommitteo held oflioo ; and, most oertainly, It was not within their provinco to take cognisance of matters i.i.i. inni. nUon fluffing *nv ntimp nftrind ? to hnvo dono so would not only have been out of place, but impertinent. Iu conclusion, I beg to inform you, that although In tho prcsont iustauoe I havo respondod to your request, X do not oon Mder myself nt all called upon to explain iu tbo public prlntB masters connected with tUo A. J.O. I shall, however, be most happy to render you, or any other numbers of the A.J.C, informatlou on inattors oonnccted therewith, should you or thoy think fit to oall at my oflioo for that pur pose —I am, sir, your obedient sorvant, Buohan Thomson, Hon. Bee. A.J.O. Bligb. street, 10th liny, 18(14. Thk ' VioToniAN Stud Booi'— Sbcokd Voldub.— Wo nro requested to aunounoo to tho brooders of Australia that the Becond volume o tho 'Vlotorlnn Stud Book' will bo published positively during tho coming wlntor. Breeders nra thoroforo requestod to sond Iu their foal returns for tho pnat soaeon (1803) as soon as possible. For tho 1HU2 ecasou all returns aro In tlio hands of tho editor, oxcept thoso from Mr. Bon. Warby'a stud, Mr. Kennedy's stud, and Mr. Coldham'a utud ; nnd those tho editor would, be glad to icoeive without further delay. 