ADRIVAL'O? THE ANGLICAN BISHOP O P GOULBURN. (Abriged from Goudburn Iteraldand Chronicle.) ON TUE BORDEROB 0 THE DIOCESE. T?n?ciain was one of the pleasantest daysiln our districtfthat perhaps was' ever spent in it by any of the numerous persons who shared in the enjoyment." At twelv4 'at n'odn, the cl8ergy e, chiirchwarrdenb; and many of the paisTliboner =from:'all parts, met the Right Ridsi. th'e.Mtetitdpolitan :and ithe Bishop of Goalburn at Pa ddyse Ri?er;'undcescorted them to.tbebiouqday. of the diocese of Goulburn, to. a little temporary church erected at Wingello Park. By the time they' reached ,there, the party was increased by other parishioners who joined on the road, and others who awaited their arrival at the church.- The Lord Bishlo of Goulburn and the minister of the district robed and the service commenced, which con sisted of the Litany, said by the latter. The Roev. Edward B. Proctor then addressed the Bishop of Goulburn, previous to presen ting the parochial address. In tew words lie expressed his happliess in joining his flock in thanksgivlng tod Almighty God for the safe arrival of the Bishop' amongst them, but, he Ssaid, while they as a parish, an integral part of thb diocese; recognised in the advent of their bishop an increase of advantages and blessings to :themselves and-their children, by i his bringing to theum means of .grace-and spi ritnal. k)lssings whicJ.tliciy could'notposseas. without thie presenica of one holding his sereral of.icesd amongst. thm;' 'while hbe jolined them and the diocese at large in rejoicing at' the more extended blessings which would result from thel'further extension'of the church over tltieland, 1 in the lengthening her cords and striengthening her stakes." Yet there was one other blessed result from the arrival of the Bishop'of Goulburn, which. could not be so strongly felt, or clearly appreciated by. any as by the clergy. In his own caseithe rev. gen tleman.said, his'parishioners could not realise the advantages to himself; or fully sympa thise with him in the matter, though they would kindly rejoice with him when he re joiced. What he alluded to was. the comfort, the blessing of having near him his bishop, with w?hom he could take counsel i,, and from whom lie could seek and receive advice, en •coturagement, and support when he needed bhi: Ago one litit the working clergy knew iat'it'ai it as' ito-l separated froih their bishop `lo ec6jld suplport and' encourage 'them in dif ficulties, stuch¾its 'the "pa?'ochial clergy and their bilhop could appreciate. At such times the residence of his.bishop at a distance of a hundred miles from him deprived the paro chlal clergyman of these comforts and advan tages.. His Lordship could understand how great' cause he (Mr. Proctor) had for re joicing at thearrivul of his bishop, and hisre siding so near him. The rev. gentleman said he rejolced because liow he possessed what he so ardently longed for; he now was brought into close relations with one whom he should vie· .as his. counsellor, his father, his friend. No light blessing indeed! Perhaps the more prized because so long wished for, but hither to not possessed, He then, with the church w'rdeans, presented the parochial address to lii?jlidrdshlp. - His Lordshlp of Goulburn in reply, spoke eprnestly,;..feeli?gly, antid .. most' }cindly,. .to the laity.for .the kindness, respect, and re-. u'ild evidenced not'only' in their address, but ih' theli' assembling from such- distances to greet'himn. Words of the deepest kindness lie saji;to the.clergyman .of .the district for his cordial.remarks previous: to the presenting of tie-caddress " expressing himself as gratified ititls extreme at the affecting scene, and the pleasing circumstandcs: of it, before himn, and in assuring them that in- all points so far as bhe was cdncerned, the anticipation of Mri. Proctor, would.bo fully realised, and it would ever bhe his study and happiness to beto him ind his flock all that they had so aflectionately ex;ressed sconcerning him:. Most earnest should his prayers be for them, and he'begged' them as their. best gifts to 'continue to give lim their prayetrs. T ihcl.folloucld our former' Bishop'and pre seftt t31oti';politatn with words, of iindness, goodness, and suppiort? I The. whole was cots oldu~iedby the Diocesan giving his blessing. . 't'?he'h6le prirty.Who- liid :met: thbir'Loid shipis'?rttnid theesholel of :the dioCese, accomi pagqild;thepi to bMarulan, and would havegone ' to Shelley's.Flats, wberelthier Lordships were tostay the night, had not the Bi.khop of.Ooul burn kindly and considlerately asked them to priceed no further, as they were, already so far from their. homes. IN THE , CITY. "'Yesterday morning-was very Inauspiciouis so ?''r as the weather was concei;ned, a steady:, rain' omisig ddwn, and making thestreets and roads quite unfit for traffei on.fodt. " ' .."At eight o':.'ck.imorinlhg-prayer was read it St;. Savio.i?i'? Cathedral.:-At ten o'clock a great number of' persons went as far as the top l o. th.pBig Hill and-there met his Lordship, who.- was accompanied by. the Lor4 Bishop Metropoliian. A procession was then formed, Sconialsting of numerous carriages and horse s·ai wlio enthring the town proceeded through .4uihurn- street aid b`ence to Mandelsoni's hotel where his Lordshipand Mris Thomas b ad taen up thelir tqnporpry abode.. Ithad beien inhti?ded thata piiocesesion should he formed and start from the mechanlcs' institute for.the caticdral; l but owing to L~b stateo or too steta:tht s was" abandoned. TILE" INSTALLATION Service.at.the cathedral commenced at noon, the Litany being read by the Rev.WV. Sower by;'ind the Metropolitan "and'the Bishop of Obiulbi?rn taking part in the servic?s. After thbsthhe Metropolitan read the notarial docu ment settiag forth that be had been present and assisted at the consecration of the Rev. Dr" Thomas to the .sea of Goulburn by .his Grace"she Archbishop of Canterbury. The Queen's letters patent separating the new 'see fiom:that of Sydney, defining its boundarles, &ad; appointing the Rev. Dr. 'TIhomas to he bishop, were then read 'by the . Chancellor' (Ch'rles Campti bll, ;Esq., bnrrister-at law). Thbdino1ioneld the mandate from the Metro flittin ddressed to the'incumbent, the' Rev; . So'riiya,, and commaindiilg him to receive anal1 4sfil lite Rev. Dr. Thomas as bishop. ".oe lapeni)i'ent'thenl proceeded to instal the j~~ ,lopfb Gotiltidritr,addiessing htnm as fol Ipws : l In,the nanme orGodl,Ainen. - In vir .~iti'pf tho mandatoe.from the .:.Righ' Rteverend "Frderic, by Divino .permission'i.Lot:d.1Blsbhp of Sdlny nod"Meotropnliiln, beai'lg ilate the 4th day of April, and in conformity. with: the approved usage of the United Church of Eng land and Ireland, I, William Sowerby, clerk; ," licensed minister of the chbrch of St.,Saviour, in the Diocese of Goulburn, do, by the autho rity committed to me, induct apd instal 'the: Reverend Father in Christ Dr. Mesac Thormas Lord Bishop of Oouliburn::aiid the; Lord keep him in his coming In and goindg out frobn this time fdrth anfd for evermore " ':? 'Then followed.the hymn, T1eni :Crgatorsr No 147\. After which the Bishop: of .Goulburn. preached an eloquent and impressive sermon from Philippians 2 c. 5 v.,-" Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus.". His Lordship impressed on the. minds of his hearers the necessity of regarding Christ 'as their Great Exemplar; . and recommended clergy and laity to walk in his footsteps, mu tually assisting to forward the good work of the Gospel. A collection Was then made in aid of the Church Society. Prayer for the. church militant and the holy communion fol- lowed, and concluded the cathedral services. RECOONITION OF TUr BISHOP. On'the conclusion of the services at the ca thedral their Lordships proceeded to the me- - chanics' institute, where they were met by a deplutation and conducted to the platform. !The incumbent of St. Saviour's, the Rev W. Sowerby, thenri addressinghis Lordship the Bishop of Goulburn, said:--In -the, name - ofl the. clergy, I. recognise you 'as bishop, of this diocese. A presentation'of addresses to the Metro : politan then followed, the Rev.. W Sowerby reading the address from the clergy, and Mr' Connolly the address from the laity. His Lordship suitably responded, and resumed his seat amid much applause . SOn.behalf the clergy of the diocese the Rev. W. Sowerby then read an address to the Lord Bishop of Goulburn. . SHis lordship delivered a reply . eztempore. He thanked the clergy from his heart for the kind and christian manner in which they had welcomed him. It would have been impossi ble for him to have witnessed so many persons gathered together on the top of the hill out side the city without being deeply' affected; because it was evident the feelings of the peo ple were-very much occupied with thel idea.ot there being a bishop appointed, to the 'newly formed diocese of Goulbuin. He returned them his' most hearty thanks for the reception he had mot-with.'. -He iii his own 'heart hld shrunk from the undertaking to whicli he Syet' cotild not but feel that God' had called hitn. He had-come to Goulburn in the hope that tlie Holy Ghost would enable him more perma nently to establish the church of Christ. He untderstood that there were hundreds who had no opportunity of attending the ministrations of the church, and he hoped to raise up a due supuly of faithful ministers for these portions of his diocese. .He thanked them most sln cerely for the hope - they . had expressed that unity, peace, and concord might. alwiay'' exist. between them; and should endeavour to- find out and to remove the difficulties that might lie in their way, as well as to 'acquaint- him self with their 'causes of encouragement. If he and the clergy were one in heart he should have no fear of their lovingly labouring' b getber. He was thanliful-fil·:the wadrm feel ings' they had expressed towards- Mrs 'Thomas., Mrs. Thomas had been. engagedw.,ith ;him in England in wvorks which had become with.her labours of love, and which could' not be' left without soine pain. But he doubted not.that in this-new diocese there'would be found simi lar-works of usefulness.' He trusted that the :laity would rally round them in 'theirentidea yours to carry theo means- of grace to those portions of the dioceseo where this wase now .so much needed; and that the Lord .wounld bless - them in their ministration was his humble and selncere prayer. Mr. W; P. Faithful then- read an address signed by fifteen hundred- members- of -the - Church of England." ; His lordshlp said that be had expressed to: H the clergy, the sense of gratitude with which:; their kind reception hbd embued him, and he \- must now: say the same to the laity. Ho tlanked them from his heart that they had ex- pressed their love-..for: .that church :whic h, founded on the woi-d' of God, 'td lieen a li?'i? wark against latitudinarian :rsm 'nd st"super:sti tion. Whatever the clergy .iight declare this Book- remained the same, ,ind it thtaght the same every time they: met together. n public worship. He thanked the ,lalty for what they had done hitherto in supporting..the clergy, and in, forming: the diocese; '. and he. hoped soon to give themi mdro ample opportunities of supporting their church. :'Ho' hoped sobn s to bring into operation a church society; and then he trusted that the latty would'give fresh proofs of the attachmcnt;which they felt to the church. He thanked them for theirexpressed. desire to co-operate with him in hise labours to extend the blessings of religlon He: expree sied l;iopo that tliecitonm- of speaking of the clergy as th. chi~nch. would cease: The laity were 'ant essetlal part of thechurch,and ought to work with the clergy. - Ie should never complain if they' worked wore than he might be able to do i nor restrain them unless he felt that they.were-working more than what was iio6d for their" -heaoltb On behalf.. orf Mrs. TPhomias, as well-ns of-himseolf, he would say that he hoped they would find frleands here. He trusted that they might all be found faliit ful. servants of the Lord Jesus Chilat, tn'd that they might.be found working together. to win souls of. those - who were now outside 'the church of Christ ;.and he ,priayed that God would raise up an increased number, of faith ful servants so that His work might prosper. The meeting then separated. : . THE LUNCUEON. After the piesentation of the addresses about sixty gentlemaen sat' down, to luncheon at Mandelson's hotel, the bishops and clergy and the chancellor of the:dioceso beinginvited guests. After luncheon several ioasts were proposed-"--The Queen,"' The Lord Blshop of Goulburn," &o.;, being the first on the flit and were responded to: at considerable lengthb Grace was then seid'by the Metropollian, aind the meeting separated . :SEizunE or Gu NowI:a.--Yesterday tho police seized at the Aqstralian Store a quan tity?of- gunptwder, roughly estimated at about .two tons. The law prohibits the storageo'of more than 200 lbs. In any one building, and imposes a penalty of 2A. .per lb. and the con fiscation of the powder for., lfrqetton of this provision. The bearin obf tbd'cnto Ia to come (on tn-day.c-Goutburn l'eIrald, Alpril18. - TnE a Ix etili MmirsEant. Nprogst e, w sb far as we can learn, bah yet' been made'in the discovery bf the ~cttal' perpetrator'e pperpe. trators of the murder of Henry Sparow~~ .?..r Kiandra, refertedto in our Itat issue'...Cona~:. sidefible excitement Is said to prevail,lans a. fooling4n :factiur of .the sthinese is galiting . ground. " Slairrow had ileenstabbjedrli11i te?nt plices, a idh altogetheo 'the btntýder eeatettor bi'?e beehi'a"ftint aitbatues 'one. .:F?our-_bhi namea are ili custody,:: ais well.ais,a.oloured? man,- known as: ',alter, inn American;, near-. whose tent a bundle of clothes,: stained:with, blood, has been found. A man:named:Gillan; has also been detained on suspicion,. on ac- count of his having been seen near.the spot: where' the murder was committed on Saturday. , the 26th ultimo; but we believe there is veypn little ground for suspicion in his ease. I.Thu investigation was'to take place on Thursdayj last. Captain Battye, inspector of polli,, having proceeded'to Kiandra on Wednesdayr last for the purpose of conducting it. Ser=i geant O'Donohue" and the police, under himn have been indefatigable - in their exertions: to discover the guilty 'parties, but we believe--. unless the parties referred to above are proved to be connected with the murder-their efforts have so far beenunavailing.--.fonaro ?lercury: EsMDzzLEMENT.-The charge:against John. Carew, fbr. embezzling 'moneys, the property. of his employer J.'.J. Wright, Esq:,.has:beet heard at Kjandra during the past w4ek,'re.uly' tling in the committal.of the prisoner.--lbid. ", STHE: CALLAGHAN MON UMENT.-We under stand that a:cpmmittee have collected abou.4 S60 for erecting a testimonial over the grave of the late Judge Callaghanwhose remains re pose in the Cemettry of St. Bede's. A gene ral meeting of ithe committee ls called 'for Thursday' at four, for the purpose of decir ding in what manner the subscriptions shall 1j applied to the object.-Braidwood Dispatch.?t. . Tu FLovUR MARKET.-In accordance witli the belief expressed in these columns a shbort time ago, the flour market seems to have reached its culminating pqint. ' A perfect fleet of flour and wheat laden vessels from South Australia were reported off Cape Otway oii Monday : the names of eleven teing made out and others unknown. Prices were consequently nominal in Melbourne.: This. must have its effect on the Sydney markets, and consequently the price of :grain and flour in the interior, and in addition to this we. may add. that anod therselement.of eq.ualising, current rates. will. shortly operate through' the arrival of bread= ditufls'now-on'their.' way "to'order 'from' Call f'ornia.-Braidtwboi' Dispatceh. ' " ' 'AN inquest was held' In Sydley on Tueqsday on the .body of a gentleman named..Jamqs Reid, .who was found drowned in Darling. Harbour. Decieased was identified by, Mr. Carr, keeper of a temperance boarding house, and Mr. J. Davis. ' They stated that.his n m.o was James Reid : that he had mentioned to the former' that' he bad' been a' clergyman of the Church Scotland. and that he had thoines toral oversight of a congregation in Glasgow. Deceased had been a person of considerable educational attainments, but since the death of his wife, had given way to drink, Deceased came to Aist~ralia'to follow the avocation eof a tutor, and he was. a passenger. from Mel bourne by the-City of Sydney at the time that steamer was wrecked. He had a son whio is now living in Scotland, and a sister who re' sid's at Melbourne.. 'Messrs. Daviaand :Carr 'did what they could to dissuade deceasedfrom drinking; but, a short time. ago, he became' 'acqtlinted with an educated young man slmi larly circumstanced to himsnelf, and they both . seem to have been. accustomed, 'to the extent' of their scanty means, to gratify. their do prayed appetites for alcoholi:c stimulants. Thebo medical evidence showed that deceased had died from suffocation bh drowning. Mna. TrIAcicnAY's FoaTusE.-You wil... rejoice to hear that, Mr. Tkac?keray. hasleft his familyiwell, provided for. Before his death lie had settled £800 a-year upon each of his two daughters, and be leaves besides upwards of £10,000 and his houses. - This is a band- - some fortune' for an author to make.' How Johnson and Goldsmith would.have stared, if snob a thing had been adnounced in their dsa. I believe Mr. .:Thackeray .made; the: largeqt portion of hls.fortuno.in: America by. his le tures on the Foi ,Genorges. A great. part of the m?,oney thus ac?uire?l he settled upnon, iL daughters; and.l have heard thiit h;li.boi'dt' the hantdsome now 'housein which he died out of the emolument he derived from the Cornhil. Magazine. Mr. Thackeray had a' fancy for houses, and he had an original' way of going to work in the purchase of them.n For the house in Palace Gardens he gave an 'order' to Jtckson'anid Graham much in these terms:' "'Build me'n 'louse according to the submi'tted plan, and furnish it. frotn:.top .to' bottom." London'Letter. ' ' ' " " '. '. . -. .':. RonaiRY' or THuE: TUENA MAILa~-Yesteri day aboRiut 7 a.m., aslWilliam Holiknd, inal' boy, was about two miles on the Goulbulk side of Laggan with the mall from that place and from Tuena, a man suddenly rode out of thebbush against him, and ordered him to turp his head back. . ~,Hollind'obeyed 'moeih!ng wan thrown over his'eyes, and he was blind folded, He'was tein led away into.the bius wtere he was kept t*o.hours, blin'dfolIed 4, thie thn.~ d His captors 6f whom thebreetre three, 'searched him, but only g6t a 'few me mnnnrr. 'TPha .tv nantn thn enllbhaer' n-i tore open many of the letters, no doubt takliin any remittances they contained. They then departed, taking a girth and stirrup-leather from Holland's horse, and saying that if the robbery was reported, they would stop the mail every time it passed. From Holland having been blindfolded be will not be able to identify any of the robbers. There were two registered letters in the mail. One es. caped the robbers' search. The contents of the other, which is addressed to the Bank of Neil South Wales, were abstracted, but the letter of advice has come to hand.-Goul~fir .erald April 18. AMERIOAN ESSAY ON WIDOws.-They are the very deuce. There's " nothing like 'em. If. they make up their minds to marry, it's done. I knew one that was terriblyafraid of thunder and light ning, and every time a storm came on, she wtould run into Mr. Smith's (he was a widower), and was half distracted for feiirbihd would be killed; clap her little hands ind fly roiind till the mian really felt: for her, and the consequeice wai, she was Mrs. John• Smith' betore threi thunder- stormS .rattled oer' ilier head. ..VWaii't; that diplomatic: --' American Paper.' . - .... - .. D eIsftff Mztiý BFa st.-' hbeseythye-of Seaetlth"at heen bufy?thiayear, mowing down - the gbod?ann ' The young; Holy: priests and : \- piot?s wdmeitaif fa'rlidg day by day passing": \- away'friom:thisesad earth if:ours to: a happy. homes athong..angels?:. -Our .tears; re "cat? c :. .d*ied:ifor one ere- they3b urpt :out afresh fg.r*;. oie'i other?vlttimsot reater._some other o, thsttha ppyhbead:whb a i*a4p theLorgW.")Ye s-ourh:to day :the lose .df a Dlouns? - ai holy young lady, . Miss. Byrne;: inreligion: Sister Mary Stunielans, who had devoted tie:bwhole of ?e'r.yotn ng life .fo:the :service- of.: Almighty- - Gbd :'She" is strickeb down:in the very dawna of"the:morning of; her life,: for. sheahad: seen " bht twenty..springs, .and but two yeare.ago had entered the.convent of St: Vincent, where sie :became one of. that.." ministering band of angels,' whom we call Sisters of Charity.. In truth and in fact she' has but changed her sphere, not her nature.-Here she was one of the.pious.sisters, who serve the Lord in tend- - ing-the 'sick, the poor, the miserable-with kind words consoling them, with tender care healing .them,. with pious. example shewing' them the way to a world, " where the wicked cease from troubling, and the .weary are at rest." 31ises Byrne's, is a family, however, in: which-love of a religious life seems* to be a guiding star, as there i sanother sister in the "' convent of tho Good. Shepherd;. Miss Byrne was' a, native of: Bungetidore,' she .died 'on 'Weidnesday morning lastrafter A. short illness of three week iiinduralion ; ged as we have said but'twenty "yeirs." Her illness and death were caused by the poisonous sting of some insect. Her sufferings were most intense, but she bore them'with the fortitude and resigns-, tion of a martyr. On Thursday mtorninga solemn dirge was chanted, and High Mass cilebrated at' St. Vincent's for the.repose o her soul. His Grace the Archbishop assisted throughout; The High Mass- Was celebrated by :one of, her.own cousins, Father John Dwyer. At three o'clock the procession moved from St. Vincent's, attended by her sisters in religion, several priests and a considerable number of her relations and friends. - Having arrived .at the cemetery at Petersham, his Grace _performed the funeral service., The following were the names of the Very Revo and Rev. clergymen that attended the funeral: -Fathers, Therry,,White, Quinlivan, M'Car thy,' Athy, Dwyer, Curly, Conway, .. Fordo. Quirk,.and Garvey: : May she ;rest in peace. \- =cFreentan s lournal April 9. 