THE BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. A numerous meeting of the members, friends and supporters of the local auxiliary branch of the above , society was held .last night in the : hall of ilie Mechanics* Institute; His Worship the Mayor occupied the chair; and on the plat'orm were the,Revs. George Goodman, F. Hopkin?, Astley Cooper, William Cuttle, Dr Tucker, J. Henderson/ Wells, Lan'dells, and Messrs G. A. Stephen, A. R. Reed, Port, and others. An apology was read from the Rev. Andrew Love. The Rev. George Goodman opened the meeting with prayer, and then read the Secre tary V report which was as follows:— ' The committee of the Geelong' Auxiliary Bible Society in presenting their nineteenth annual report, do .eo. with vmingled . feelings. They are thankful ' to' the Great Head of the Church for being-permitted to assist, in how ever feeble a manner, in a work eo great and bo manifestly blessed. They can with as great earnestness as ever.testify to their attachment to God's revealed Word, and their unshaken faith'in that Word as inspired by the "Holy Ghost. auu can therefore rejoice in the prin ciples ot the Society to which your auxiliary is attached, as well as share in the gratitude that every Christian must feel for its unexamr pled * success. But, whilst your committee have hitherto on these occasions added their expressions of thankfulness and confidence for the success of this auxiliary, they are com pelled with all candour to Acknowledge that this has beon a year of discouragement—al most of; inaction^" Remembering, as: they do, that a few years ago this auxiliary was able to : send upwards of L250 in one. year as a free contribution to. the Parent Society, besides employing an agency for a large local circula tion of the Scriptures,—feeling, moreover, that tbe principles of the society . are recognised with,a unanimity that has been in no way dt9UirbedJ.yqur committee cmnot but wonder at the falling ofT, aud feel the humiliation' of such an acknowledgment, .Tour hon. secre tary has convened at least-12 meetings in the coarse of the year, of ,which number two ouly lapsed'-for want of sufficient attendance The business, however, transacted on these occasions was almost exclusively con- i fined to arrangements for collecting funds, j whilst their inability to make any such arrange- I mem as would give practical effect to the j liberality of tbe population, lias damped the j energies, if not chilled the interest of many members of the Society. During the present: I year no contribution has been -sent , by thte Auxiliary to the; .Parent Society, the whole of | the funds raised by ; your commiuec having been devoted to increasing the stock of Bibles nt tho local depot. Two amounts, htivo been forwarded: from country branches, viz, from the Little River. L5,. and from; Winchelaea L36 17s, A furthor amount (L23 lGs Gd) has been remitted from Wiuchelsea, .but too late to appear' in this year's, balance sheet. 'A grant of 24 Bibles and Testaments wasmadeto the Geelong Ragged School, and 'oO copies of the Scriptures to the Orphan Asylum.. . - '\Youc committee' was iimpressed with'the 'failurethat bad attended tbe efforts to obtain contributions, in the &ystoin; of appointing: ladies to canvass the town by districts, and determined to apply to the Minister and Com-; mittee of Management of oVch Protestiut place of worship throughout the town, re questing that collections might be made from ! tho attendants at such place of worship, iu: behalf of the Auxiliary. Your Hon. Sec. acv cordiugly made application to the ministers of: seveu-teu congregations] with Abe following results: — " Contributions were roceived, from three viz All Saints' Church, per Rev F. • llopkiua _ ... £13 18 0 Sunday School attached to the Reformed Presbyterian Church per Rev A, M. Moore ... 2 17 4 St. Pauls' Church (in part) per Rev A. Cooper v ... 1 10 0 u Answers were received from five ministers, stating that they had been unable to make the arrraugomeuts requested. To these your committee proposed the alternative of appoint ing lady collectors to canvass cortaiu districts as heretofore. To th:s tho Rev G. Goodmnu responded by appointing Miss Johnson, whose collection amounted to L9 8s GJ,from the dis trict bounded by Moorubool, Kyrie, atul Yarra streets. Your committee do not pre tend to congratulate themselves on theso in adequate results, the majority of tho streets being alike unsolicited on behalf of the society. Your committee hope that the country branches are working with more or less result. ?wo(o{ tbsED, Til, tjwe of Ceres and Qwns; cliff, have heen visited hy a deputation from" your committee, in company with the lley Dr Tucker, the indefatigable agent of the par nt society, who lias also attended mcetinea in WincheUea and Colac. At these-,!' the proocedings wrre of an encouragt^piT" racter, and contributions, consider.i!XR^)a amount, are known to be forthcoming The stock remaining in the depot on the 3lsfc Align t amounted to 1159 Bibles, and 11Q3 Testaments and Psalters—in oil, 2322 copies of the Scriptures, amounting in value to L138 7s S I. Tlie saleg effected during the nine months nt the year have been 1111 copies amounting in value to L.'iS 9s 8d. In October list your secretary fent-a remittance of L50 for a further supply. Your committee rejoice that the parent so. •itv liss hern enabled to maintain its income ,t" the high standard which it had latterly reached, the expenditure of the past year having been 1151,355 135 113. and the circulation.of Bibles, Testaments and portions of the Scriptures having reached the unprecedented amount of 2,495,118, making a total from the commencement of 45,539,452 copies of the Word of God, ' 11 In conclusion your committee cannot do better than echo the language of the parent 1 society's report—'Thpy would seek to impress upon every heart the all important truth, that l the work in which_ they are engaged is one | which has for its object the glory of God and the salvation of immortal Sauls. Of :ill tua wants which press upon us in the present day, and which > ought, .to lead us to wrestle con tinually with God in prayer for itE supply, the most urgent is that ^ of faith. lYere our Scriptures to bo multiplied indefinitely, and our resources-enlarged to double their present amount, tfiese would give no security for the real advancement of our work; barriers which now hinder our entrance into countries where fanaticism is supreme, might still frown He fiance upon our. agents, and difficulties with which we ihavo hitherto contended in vain might impede our progress with the same persistency as before. But at the command of faith mountains remove,and in the exercise offaith!The .'blessing is gaiued. Faith is the mainspring, without which all tho wheels of Christian activity are useless, and even the most constant prayers of tho Christian Church rematn unanswered. Tae itev j.\\.nuey uooper moved the adaption of tho report, which was seconded by the Reverend Mr Cattle, and carried. The Reverend I)r Tucker, colonial repre sentative of the society, in moving the second resolution, gave a very flattering account of tho mission in South Australia in connexion with the dissemination of the Word of God, and expressed a hope that the public of Gee long would take a warm interest in furthering the objects of the society, , . The following is the second resolution ' " That looking at the present,.position of re ligion in the world and the vaet opportunities offered for the circulation of the Bcriptures, this meeting prays for the Divine bles- ing in order; that the British and Foreign Bible Societv may extend its usefulness." The Reverend James Henderson seconded the above resolution, and made afew remarks relative to the above results alluded to in the report attending the efforts of the society in Geeiong. Ho thought the'want of success in this particular was the mere want of a proper organization rather than of any real apathv on the part of the Christian population of the town. • The resolution was unanimously carried. * The collectors here wont round the hall, re ceiving contributions "to tho 'funds of the society, which amounted to L4 12s 31. The Rev Mr Wells proposed the third reso lution as follows:—That the following L'cnie men.be appointed theclHco bearers and com mittee for tbe ensutug year, with all Protes tant evangelical ministers; bstng subscribers— G. A. Stephen, Esq. treasurer, A. K. Reed, Esq, secretary ; commit cee—Messrs T. Baird, Jnmes Campbell. J, G. Carr, R. Clarke, V.W. Giblin, T. B. Hunt, J B. Kicholson, A. S. Park. W. B. Wheatland, and James Wcod, with power to add to their number. Mr G. A. Stephen seconded the resolution, and expressed his hope and concurrence in I he views of the R'v Js. Henderson as to the want of a proper organisation ontke part of' ■the committee; and also hoped to see the] ladies coming forward and exerting themselves' in the cause of the society. The resolution; was riirri'd unanimously. This closed the business of tho meeting, and Mr Cuttle moved a vote of thanks to tho chairman which was seconded by the Rev Dr Tucker and carried unanimously. \-- Tne Rev Dr Tucker'then pronounced the, benediction,and the meeting broke up. 