REFLECTIONS ON THE TRANSCEN DENT MYSTERY OF THE BLESSED ETTCHARTST. A Sermon Preached by the Vert Rev. D. W. Cahill, D.D., in St. Joseph's Church, Brooklyn, N. Y., on Sunday Evening, -.fVvpn-RF.T*. 18. 1863 (Specially reported for the New Yorlc Tablet.) Dearest Bretbern, I have prepared lor you on this night, what may be called : ' Reflections on the Transcendent Mystery of the Blessed Eu charist.' I do not mean to present to you a controversial discourse on this masterpiece of the power and love of Christ : my present subject wiir be rather a collection of distinct views, yet bound together, as parts explaining and setting forth as far as can be, the ineffable wonders of the Blessed Sacrament. It is the stupendous topic. ?TKa tnn raisRfl on hlsrh in the loftv vault of the skies, and placed in the centre of our creation, lighting, heating and perfecting the whole varied domain of Nature, is a feeble illustration of the Rlessed Eucharist, in the Church of God, en lightening, moving, and sanctifying the countless hearts of the universal Congregation of the Faithful. It is a miracle of power surpassing all former instances in Heaven's work in man's regard. It is a mystery of love, where even Angelic conception can fancy nothing greater in God's omnipotence. It raises saved man, by the elevation of the blood and brotherhood of Christ to take his rank above the Angels. The price of his redemption, being infinite, he becomes a new creature : and the riches of his spiritual food sur pass all the wealth and greatness Heaven has heretofore presented to God's creatures. Some mysteries have reference to Gcd alone : such as His existence, His power, His wisdom, His san ctity : but the Eucharist has the name of man carved on the very front of this Godlike Institu tion. He is raised into eternal companionship -with the Saviour. In this sense the Eucharist may be said to be man's mystery : since it was on his account that it was called forth from the depths of Christ's love. It stands before Heaven and Earth the pre-eminent part of the New Law. Happy fault of Adam, said one of the fathers, since his happy lot makes him higher than before. When our first parents fell from their bright destiny, the first link of the chain that held them to God snapped, and they dropped into banishment and immeasura ble woe. They were not irretrievably condemned: a single ray of Heaven's light burst through the golden gates to reach the dark seclusion of the fallen creature. The Son of God became the broken linK : joined our nature to His and reunited us to our Father : so that in order to arrive at Heaven at present, we must essentially pass to Paradise through Christ. Happy fault of Adam ! We now sit at the table where, like the Apostles, He sits with us. He reposes in our bosom, lies in our hearts, and the angels wait on us in homage to Him. We feed on the bread, the living bread of life : we are as if deified by this food which the Archangels gaze on in adoration, but which they as pure spirits have never been permitted to touch or to taste. What a Godlike birth and generation it must be that the flesh and blood of Christ becomes our flesh and blood. Being the lost children of God, what a grand change and provision must it be, to transform our guilty flesh so as to grow over again into the beatified flesh of Christ— what a cHinonrtmiR maiestv to make us thus into an incarnate relationship with the living Saviour of the world. We are by this grand act of union with Him, His brothers, brothers by a new heavenly generation; being newly begotten brothers with Christ, we are clearly the newly begotten children of God. This is the incredible plan of our Redemption, Once fallen, now re deemed: purchased by a new covenant: and made new children nearer to God than before. God the Father gave to us in Paradise an earthly food great in its way: but Christ gives us a a heavenly food, which is infinitely greater. And the food is our own, bequeathed to us at the Last Supper by the last Will and Testament of the Reedemer. The mightiest will, that Heaven and Earth ever saw, must be the Will of a God. It was spoken, the night before the death of our Father, in favour of all His children of the whole world. It was written in the blood of the Cross and witnessed by the whole Court of Heaven. And what wealth could He give us greater than Himself. And what food could He give us greater than the table, at which the Archangels are not permitted to sit as guests. Oh the incredible pre-eminence of redeemed man. And the food is prepared by the hand of the Saviour himself, to raise fallen man from condemnation to imperishable virtue and immorality: as in Nature the sun from on high pours its flood of, light and heat over the sluggish deep, raising it into the buoyant morning- cloud till it soars aloft and floats, in the skies in gilded majesty, so the corrupt body having the Holy Eucharist in its cold heart as it descends to the grave, is warmed into a new life by the presence of Christ, rises essentially from the silent tomb, soars aloft in glorious resurrection and shines forever redeemed flesh, like a bright star, in the blissful firmament of eternal glory. On this great question, I shall put, frequently, into the shape of Question and Answer, whatever I shall have to say. This plan will make some points much more clear, while the whole case will be presented under circumstances more de veloped. Q. And what then is the Blessed Eucharist? . A. The Blessed Eucharist is the Body and Blood, and Soul and Divinity of Jesus Christ, under the appearance of Bread and Wine : the whole substance of the bread being changed into the body of Christ, the whole substance of the wine being changed into the blood of Christ, and nothing remaining behind except the appearance of bread and the appearance of wine. Q. Then through the miracle and mystery of Transubstantion, is the Divinity united with human nature ? A. Yes, because the same Christ who was born of the Blessed Virgin is present : that is the Body and Blood, Soul and Divinity of Jesus Christ : true God and true man : under the ap pearance of bread and wine. Q. Does the Scripture or the history of the New Law present anything like the same union in the Eucharist ? A. Yes, at the Incarnation the second person of the Trinity became united to man, in the womb of Mary : the same union united in the person of Jesus Christ, for. man's redemption, is presented in the Eucharist. Q. Is the same union, though not in the same manner, maintained in the Eucharist as in the incarnation ? A. Yes ; the same humanity, the same body and blood are present, by the power of Transub stantiation : and the same Divinity is essentially united by the inseparable, indivisible union of true God with true man. The same Christ. Q. How was the mystery of the Incarnation effected? A. The Angel Gabriel tells us that it was effected by the power of the Holy Ghost. Q. How is the mystery of the Eucharist effected on the altar ? A. By the same power, the power of the Holy Ghost communicated to the Priest: and by the command of Christ. Q. Where do these proofs appear ? A. Christ said to His Apostles and their suc cessors in the imperative mood: 'Receive ye, therefore, the Holy Ghost' ? ' and when I go to my Father, I will send to you the Holy Ghost, the spirit of truth, who will bring to your recollection all things whatsoever I told you and who will abide with you forever.' ...... And again at the last supper, when Christ had instituted the Eucharist, He addreesed the Apostles and of course their suc cessors in the imperative mood also, saying ' Do this for a commemoration of Me.' Q. Then do you believe the Priest has the power of Transubstantiation ? A, Yes. Christ has certainly given the com mand to do what He had Himself done, and the Holy Ghost resides by a command, officially in the Church forever : He is therefore in the mouth of the Priest forever for official purposes : and He effects the mystery of the union of the true God and true man as He has already done in the womb of the Blessed Virgin. Q. After the words of Consecration are pro nounced, do we not see bread in the hands of the Priest? A. No. onlv the anoearance of bread. Q. And must not real bread be essentially present where the appearance of bread is avowedly admitted ? A. No, not in the Blessed Eucharist : because it is the substance of 'bread which is changed, and, therefore, the appearance of bread remains behind unaltered. Q. And can the substance be changed while the appearance remains ? A. Yes, because appearances or color are not essentially united with substances. They are perfectly distinct or separable, and, therefore, substances can be changed without at all interfer* ing with appearances. Q. Can you give instances of this separation you refer to ? A. Yes, the substance of pure water and the substance of pure air and of several pure oils have uo appearance or color at all. They cannot be seen by the human eye. The substance alone is. present, without avowedly any appearance : and consequently being things separable, one can be changed without the other. Q, What deduction do you draw from these facts? A. The clear deduction is, that if appearances or colors were essential to matter or to substance, matter or substance cculd not exist without them : and, therefore, it is a clear case that as substance can exist without them (as in the cases adduced), it can be changed by itself alone, leaving the appearance untouched. Q. Can you state any property of matter whicb may be called essential ? A. Yes, I can, as for instance the property of weigM, without which no matter can exist : with which it is advisable and essential and inseparable : not so colors or appearances* Q. Can, therefore, the substance of bread be changed in the Eucharist into the Body of Christ and the appearance of bread remain behind ? A. Decidedly, being two distinct separable things, the one is changed, the other remains. Q. What do you call color ? A. I call it an accident, namely, an accidental condition of matter, which may or may not be associated with' substance. Q. And is this the definition of the word acci dent? A. Yes, the logical definition of accident is ' any property or quality which is not essential to substance, as whiteness in paper.' Q Is the same theory true with regard to smell ? A, Certainly : as several metals and minerals and pure water and pure air have no smell whatever : hence, as in the cases already enu merated, matter or substance can exist - without smell : it is therefore not essential to matter. It is the same as color : it is an accident, distinct, separable from substance. Q Is hearing included in this theory ? A. Certainly, otherwise Nature would be in an uproar : matter must be excited by force : otherwise it is silent: sound of course is an accident. Q. And is taste included in this theory ? A. Yes of course : neither air nor water, and some metals and minerals have no taste whatever — hence taste is distinct, separable from sub stances: as matter can exist without it. Taste is therefore an accident. Q. Can you tell if the taste of wine is distinct from the substance of wine ? A. No doubt: in the cases cited, taste is not, an essential adjunct of matter. If in any one instance matter can exist without taste the property of taste is clearly an accident, and of course the substance of wine can be changed without touching the taste : as separable. Q Then do you maintain, that, the taste of wine is not a part of the substance of the wine ? A. Of course I do maintain it ; and I prove (or rather I have proved) that taste can no more form part of the substance of wine than sound can form part of the substance of an organ or a violin, and the atmosphere. Taste like color, or smell or sound, is a perfect accident and cannot be touched in the change of the substance. Q, Can you therefore tell how we see and smell and taste, when these are all, accidents, and not substances ? A. Of course I can. These fealings are all impressions made on our senses from the condi tion of matter; but the impressions are all in ourselves, not in the matter. These effects are all sensations, and are as much in ourselves as the image of a mountain and not the mountain itself is in the organ of seeing. Q. Can you tell if the sensation we feel, from the condition of matter or substance, has any resemblance to the accident referred to ? A. By no means. There is no more resem blance between the accidents and our sensation, than there is a resemblance between the harmony of a band and the brass metal or copper-metal of the instrumencs, or no more resemblance than there is between the colors of a rainbow and the shower of rain. Q. And so you mean to argue or explain the mystery of the Eucharist on the principles of Natural Philosophy ? A. By no means. But when a weak, or an ignorant, or an Infidel man objects to our doc trines of Faith for puny reason, our scholars explain the true laws of reason, and of science as not applied and as incongruous, in the cases referred to: and when we expose a creeping worm, crawling his inch of miserable existence from the womb to the grave, we raise a smile of pity or contempt at the silly creature, who, though ignorant of the growth of a blade of grass, or the wing of a fly, yet presumes to understand God's eternal Being, to trifle with His creation out of nothing, to fathom the depths of His infinite mind, to comprehend eternity, and/ 't* dictate the laws of conscience and salvation to the omnipotent Ruler of the living and the dead. Oh no, we never attempt to explain mysteries by the rules of Natural Philosophy : we know well that words of worldly wisdom do not contain the very alphabet of Faith, nor one sound lesson of the Gospel. No, no, we never attempt to teach Faith by the rules of Algebra or Geology : but ; we cite Science, in reply to the false and misap plied objections of the Reviler: and we thus detach and relieve Faith and mystery from the malice and the fraud, and the blasphemy of the Infidel. Dearest Brethren, the Blessed Eucharist is therefore the grandest, the most sublime instance of the power and love of Trinity in man's regard that Heaven has ever planned and published. St. Paul, in speaking of the Cross, calls it ' the masterpiece of the power and the wisdom: of God.' In this case the infinite anger of God the Father against human guilt was appeased by the infinate love of the Saviour in satisfaction r that is mercy above justice, that is (if I may s» speak) Infinity beyond Infinity, God beyond God. St. Paul tells, as well as human language can say it, when he describes it as ' the master piece of the power and wisdom of God.' The Trinity can do more : their last effort has pro duced it on Calvary : the justice of a God is paid ; satisfied by the mercy of a God-man, and a lost world is released and saved. Surely this is the masterpiece of God. When the stroke of Calvary was heard in heaven the Angels wept : but when His blood began to flow, they covered their faces, and looked to God the Father for pity and relief. Eternity of course has never witnessed such a scene: and throughout the whole eternal round of God's coming age the history of Heaven will never behold a parallel event. The life of Christ was of course great, but his death was greater : for the Saviour to -live for man was wonderful: but to die for man, the God man to die for man, surpasses anything* that we thought could be done or He could do. The Angels did not or could not know the mystery : how could they believe in the death of. the Lord of the Universe. The death of the King of Kings, the Lord of Lords, was an idea that could not be conceived by the Archangels round the throne of Eternal life. Much as they had known and seen of God, they could not even believe in the death of the Son of God, till they saw the golden gates, of Heaven opened, heard the rocks split, felt the whole Earth reel, and the sun darkened. Oh what a masterpiece of power and wisdom of God! The Blessed Eucharist is the same kind of mystery for a different object. We can now believe anything of His power, since He did what no other Being, even the first person of the Trinity, could make him do against His will-- namely to die. And we can of course believe anything of His love for us since He voluntarily died for us. What comparison can be made between the greatness of the whole history of God and the death of Christ? All His acts, the acts of a God, were Godlike, but bis death being a power beyond all other power, and being a love beyond all other love, it stands alone. The masterpiece. No doubt, it was great to roll out Eternity like a map, to place His imperial compass in the centre of space, and sweep the wide circle of the world. It was wonderful to spring at a single word the arches that span the canopy of heaven. It was great to think worlds, to spealc firmaments, to create out of nothing by an act of His will the myriad spheres, that kindled in a second into light and order, as at this moment they burn in the blue boundless vault. How great to think of a word from His creative lip, His unembodied thought, His single act of will, rolling in solid living existences, through void, untenanted dark ness. Creations moving in an instant and lighted up like a flash. How great to see Will turned into a solid sphere. How great to see this work : Sky above Sky, Firmament beyond Firmament, Creation beyond Creation : above, below, all round : all painted too with one dash of His pencil. Ob, is not Creation great and light wonderful and illimitable space stupendous. , Space is his dwelling. And Eternity his age. Every view we take of Him is infinite, though we only see Him from a mere point of his exis tence and from our little spark of life. But all the aggregate wonders of the Godhead are, as it were, small when compared to the fact, that we are the brothers of Christ by a new generation : that our flesh becomes His flesh : that we became as it were, defied by this change : and that by a grand plan of the New Law, we are made into a new relationship of God to Father. Being firstly nude the brothers of Christ, we are of - course by tbis mystery of the Incarnation made into the ?children of God by this new Covenant. There fore through the Eucharist we recover our lost in heritance : children of God higher than before our fall. How could man be raised higher ? How could Christ be more merciful f What miracle o\ God's power and love could be more transcendent? Truely how well the tongue of St. Paul, on fire as it was, spoke, when he called it the ' master piece of the work ef the Trinity.' All the mys teries therefore of the universal page that spans the domain and contains the whole history of God are limited when compared with the infini tude of the Blessed Eucharist. It is great, no doubt, to speak words : to turn ideas into firma ments : to make nothing breathe life by a look, a glance : it is great to build Heaven by a mo ment of pleasure, to dig Hell in one moment of anger. It is great to make and unmake Crea tions by a sing16 wish* This a^one is th? Attri bute, the Property, the office, the Being, the Nature of God ! This is the power of the Divine Nature : and his love is as wonderful as his ptwer : and His anger is as infinite as either or botb. But all, and all, and all dwindles into a small work of the Godhead when compared witn the Eucharist. God alone could plan it and (shall I say it) more than a God could execute it. The word is ' a masterpiece of power and wisdom.' The intelect reels under the idea that B ead and Wine are changed into the Body and Blood of the God-man : more, that the words, the omnipotent words of the change, are put ii.tj the mouth of the Priest: more, that his pu'isy tongue pronounces tbis warrant : and still m« i- ; that as the last syllable of these more than en*'- tive words of power expires on the lips. of rh* priest, Christ with the whole Court of Heaven stand on the altar of God. Not in figure, or in metaphor, or in allegory : but in His own persuu, Body and Blood, and Soul and Divinity, as he Stood before tbe Apostiles on that first altar at last supper, where He himself celebrated the jirst model mass : and administered the Blessed Eu cbarist to the Apostles. All things are really trifling when compared with this Godlike fact. Man's work is all finity. God's work is all in finity. Infinity is the privilege and employment of tbe Divine Nature. Our nature is limited : His nature is all unlimited. He sports with Creations : it is His life : His manner : His Na ture. And He has work for ever, in His own uncircumscribed Domain, namely tbe Infinity (if I may so speak) of His own substance : that is Himself. He can never Jill His Infinity in tbe created work because creature cannot be infinite, ' as there can be but one Infinity, namely the boundles Nature of God eternal Being. Yet in all these wonders the Blessed Eucharist is the pre-eminent fact : the mystery of mysteries : the the masterpiece : the sun of the Firmament, of tbe Trinity. Nothing else beyond or equ.il to it. ?' The masterpiece of the power and wisdom of God.' Dearest Brethren, when you are therefore about to approach tbe Holy Eucharist, can you ever forget, that the consecration of the Host on the Altar is an act greater than tbe creation of the world: God's last effort of power : Christ's Best : the masterpiece of the Trinity. Heaven bss nothing greater : nor even can produce its equal. Reducing to practical perfection the song of the Angels, on tbe. night of the birth of the Saviour, I when the whole Court of Heaven rent the skies with the loud acclamation of ' Glory to God in the Highest and on Earth peace to men of good will.' How delighted should we be if we were so happy as to be born in his lifetime and to follow Him through Judea : to be the lowest of tbe disciples, on whom He cast one casual glance, S3 He walked from village to village, during tbe three years of His mission on earth. How for tunate if we could be with him in the garden the night Judas betrayed Him, that we might accom pany Him and stay by His side to offer Him our sympathy. Tbe least circumstance on that awful night we could now bemoan, that we were not there to take a part with Him in that terrible hour of His sorrows. How glorious it would have been to weep after Him along tbe bleeding load of tbe cross : to cry in agonies of grief as they tied Him on the cross : to share the vinegar sponge with Him : to pour out our tears in torrents as the spear entered His side and wrenched His heart. Of course no one could then comprehend the nature of the mystery. We could only in that dark moment believe and weep. But we would be happy to be tLe partners, the companions of those who stood near Him ! to hear His last words of love : to feel His last sigh and to cover our faces, as His dying words ' it h finished' expired on His quivering lip. We are sorry we could not live in those days to be mournfully present at this scene and to bear any part in consoling H-s rending agony. That scene is now changed. We have Him now on our altars. The same Christ. Not in weakness as in the Hall of Pilate : but omnipotent in Paradise : not bjund to the pillar, but triumphant in Heaven. And we bis followers are not now mute, trembling spectators : but we have Him in our bosoms, we feel Him in our hearts, we hear Him in our souls. Now we understand the masterpiece. As the fruit does not appear on the trunk, but on the branches, we now see the fruits of tbe Eucharist in the universal Church. The con grerited Faithful. How changed therefore ou^ut to be the Christian in the glorious h tppy hour he receives the ineffable gift of tbe ) Biessed Eucharist. It i3 Heaven's bliss in one j ))uint : it is Eternity within one second : it is 5 all that God can do, made the free gift to a ! mortal creature. If jealousy could find a place I in Heaven, the Archangels might complain off heir inferior position as compared with the re-eminence given to Adam's race and offspring : t heart of mortality and once stained with Urkest crime, now pardoned and higher than efore. Any being but tbe burning Seraph n glowing charity would feel jealous of tbe ^reference to tbe children of Eve. How great therefore, the glorious day, when the Christian receives the Eucharist. How chaste ought to ?-e his eye, as he looks on his eternal Spouse uplifted in the hands of the Priest : however guarded the ear that listens to tbe immortal words ' Behold the Lamb of God :' how pure the lip, how spotless the tongue, how angelic tbe moutb, which like the golden gates of Heaven receive in his passage the King, as He enters the heart. And oh what a furnace of fire, what an overflowing torrent of love ought to be in the heart, the soul : tbe whole being where tbe Saviour comes to reside with all His graces and mercies. The heart of the worthy Communicant is a tabernacle brighter than tbe midday cloud less vault. He is no longer the child of man : he is the son of God, born for immortal glory. Tbe true Christian thinks with Christ, feels with Him: abides with Him. Tbis is the plan the legislation, the grace of redemption : to live for God, to die for Christ, and to enjoy Him for all Eternity, Such a life is the clear intention of the Isew Law. This earth is a place of banishment, from our true home : a painful temporary residence, where the soul in grace, like a captive spirit in Limbo, longs for its release, rejoices at the summons of death, as a short dark happy passage to its own country— where daylight never sets : where ten thousand suns burn on the eternal hills : where all is life : where there is no death : where all is young, holy and happy : where all space is traversed by fhe soul in a second, and where tbe glories and tbe joys of Heaven are inseparable from our unchangeable and eternal existence. Oh what a masterpiece truly is the Blessed Eucharist, since it makes man on Earth resemble Christ himself in holiness : and surpass the pure spirits by the infiniU price paid for his redemption. Oh how beautiful is. the life of the spirit, namely grace, purity, a happy death, and Heaven. When the Holy Ghost descended on the Apostles, He sat on every one of them in tongues of fire, but when the Blessed Eucharist is received by the worthy Communicant, be swallows the lining flame from Heaven, to set the heart on fire, and to light up inextinguishable faith in the soul. And who can tell what wealth and peace are there, where Christ resides in an abiding union ? Let all the dazzl ing worlds of the universe be made our own pro perty, and let all hang in diamond profusion fram the arched roof of God's infinite residence, and let the canopy of the seventh skies be made of burnished gold, what profit to us would be all these worlds if we lost our souls 1 And if all the oceans were one fragrant, liquid aggregate of all tbe pleasures and the joys of all those myriad worlds, what profit would all be to us against the rot ( f the grave and the loss of the soul 1 And if we had all the learning and all the beauty and talent and power of all the crowns and thrones of all p*st, present and future ages, what profit would all be against the fiery prisons of the damned, the burning lakes of brimstone, and the eternal chains that bind tbe seething victims of God*s neverend ing wrath ? Oh what a terrible futurity stretches out her stormy beds of Sre before enemies of God ! And what a remedy for all in the ineffa ble gift of the Eucharist! Tbe soul at peace with God, with itself, and with tbe world. Not a breath of anger : a soft sweet balm of internal quiet ; not a murmur of thought or feeling to ruffle the calm communion of the happy soul in God. This condition of existenceisratberaHeaven than an Earth. It resembles the unembodied, silent soul, more than the carnal tempest of the flesh. It is the Nature of man made into the Nature of the God-mnn. It is the Eucharist alive, living in the heart of the Communicant, and as He himself has declared, changing our flesh into His flesh, and making us in reality into tbe newly begotten children of God. And when the summons of death calls the trembling soul to judgement, Christ is not at a distance : He is at the bedside : nor is He there in mere spirit, as the Father in the ubiquity of bis being. He is there as He stood at tbe last supper, in the presence of tbe Apostles. The flickering soul need not go search through space or through ideal territories of Heaven for the Saviour. He is at present at the pillow of the gasping, departing creature. He watches His own child, to aid his last struggles, and to prolong to the required hour and favorable moment bis panting breath and heaving agony. But when the final stroke is raised, and the command of the departure is uttered by the Creator, tbe Saviour, not the judge stands at his side ; he is in the heart of tbe escaping spirit, and as God the Father looses tbe soul He gave, and as He unrols it from tbe prison of its mortal coil, it gazes on the great open day of Eternity, revealed before all Heaven, lying on tbe bosom of Christ, regenerated, saved, sanctified, rising to immortal bliss on tbe trium phant power of the Eucharist, tbe Eternal man God. In this last scene, where the stoutest heart, and tbe greatest saint tremble, at the dark, ?ipproaching shadow of futurity, the affrighted soul knows that Christ was within him, in the sirflting presence of the Eucharist: be hears Christ, he feels Him: he all but sees Him. But the Redeemer keeps out of sight in this con . iuding scene, in order to maintain in security iving Faith, the essential condition of his salva :on. But as the last stroke of time is given and ?be final wrench is made, Christ appears, em traces His child for the first time, ringing in his ears, ' He that eateth my flesh and drinketh my ilcod abideth in Me, and I in him, and him will 1 raise on the last day.' 