THE RELIGIOUS CENSUS OF IRELAND. The forth part of the report of the Census Commissioners of 1861 has just been issued The present part gives tbe particulars relating to* the religious professions, education and occupa 'ion ol the people. It is a most voluminous return, extending over 735 closely printed paaeS a very large portion being otoupied with tabulated matter. To day we give the annexed extract relating to the 'religious professions' of the oeople in 186! :— C ' The relative numbers of the principle religi -us bodies in Ireland, as disclosed by the tables may be stated thus -.—There were members of the Established Church 693,357 or 11.9 per cent, of the total population ; of Roman Catholics' 4,505.265 or 77 7 per cent. ; of Presbyterians! 523,291, or 9 0 per cent.; of Methodists, 45 399 or 0 8 per cent.; of independents 4,523; of Bapists, 5,237, and Society or Friends of Quakers, 3.695, or 01 per cent, respectively; of persons tabulated under the head of * all othtr pursuasions,' there were 18,798, or 0.3 per cent.; and there were 3.93 Jews ; making in all a population of 5,798,967. Ulster contains the largest number of persons in. communion with the established Church, the members of which (391,315) ; are 20 4 per cent, of tbe population of that province. In Leinster, tbe Established Church has 180,587 adherents or 12-39 percent, of the population of the pro vince; in Munster the members of the Esta blished Church are 80,860 or 5 3 of tbe popula tion ; and in Connaught, where the members of the Established Cburch are fewest, absolutely and relatively, their number is 40,595, or 4 44 of the population. Tbe members of the Roman Catho lic Church form the majority of tbe inhabitants in each of the four provinces, in three ot which, Leinster, Munster, and Connaught, the numbers [greatly preponderate; while in tbe fourth, Ulster |tbe majority is slight In the case of the Esta blished Cburob, the absolute corresponds with the ?relative number of its adherents in each of the [provinces. The Roman Catholics are differently circumstanced, as in Ulster, where their relative per centa^e is smallest, their absolute number exceeds the entire population of Connaught, where tbe per ceritage of Roman Catholics is lighest. As regards the absolute. number of 1 Roman Catholics the provinces stand in the fol lowing order: — Munster, 1,420 076; Leinster, 1252.553; Ulster, 966'613; Connaught, 866,023. As regards to the relative number of jtbe Roman Catholic inhabitants, tbe provinces take rank as follows :— Connau^Li, 34 8 per jcent. ; Munster, 93 8; Leinster, 85 9; £.1 Ulster, 50 5. The entire strength of the Presbyterian community may be said t - be in the ' province of Ulster, where its adherents amount j ! to as many as 503,835, and its per centage to .' i 26 3 of the total population of that province, : '?eini; 5 0 in excess of that of the Established i Church. In none of the remaining three pro- j 'inces, however, does the proportion of the Pres» ; nyterian reach 1 per cent. 'In Leinster it is \ 085, and in Munster and Connaugbr, only 03 .! otr cent, of tbe population of eacn province. Out : if the forty-four districts, into wbicb tbe pro vinces have been subdivided , that which contains \ tbe largest number ot inhabitants belonging to the Established Cburch (60,905) is tbe county ef Down, which, however happens to be tbe most ; oopulous of these subvisions ; but the relative ; number of the Established Church is smaller j there than in some other of the counties. Of the [ counties, Waterford is that in which tbe Esta blished Cburch has the fewest members (3,323); I and Clare that in which it is relatively weakest, | members of the Established Church forming only ; 2 per cent, of its population. | Tbe number of members of the Established , Church in proportion to tbe rest of the population [ is greatest in tbe county of Fermanagh, 38 4 per ' cent. Tbe suburbs of tbe City of Dublin follow, i with 35 per cent, and tbe county of Armagh, \ with 30 9 per cent. In the counties of Down \ md Tyrone, and in the town of Belfast, tbe pec f ventage of Established Cburcb Protestants is over : 20 and under 25. In the counties of Dublin ! (suburbs and the ci'y excluded), Wickloff, ! Antrim, and Londonderry, in the county of the j town of Carrickfurgus, and in tbe city of Dublin, the members of the Established Church are more :han 15, and under 2O'per cent. In tbe Kmg's I md Queen's counties, and tbe counties of Cavan, | Jarlow, Kildare, Donegal, and Monaghan, and i in the city of Cork, their per centage is over 10 5 nd under 15, In the counties of Longford, l\ Louth, Meath, Westmeatb, Wexiord, Cork (East il Hiding, Cork (West Riding), Tipperary (North || Riding), Leitrim, Sligo, in tbetown of Drogbeda, |j j .nd cities of Kilkenny, Limerick, and YVaterford, i Protestants of the Established Church are over 5, j jind under 10 per cent. In tbe counties ol J jLimerick, Tipperary (South Riding), Kerry, ana ;J fltf, iscommon, and in tbe town of G -lway, tbe per j Icentage of the same class exceeds 3, and is under (I 15\. In the counties of Waterford. G^lway, and f j Mayo, it exceeds 2, and is under 3; and, lastly, - |in tbe county of Clare, as already stated, the 1 Smembers of tbe Established Church are only 2 , goer cent, of its population. ; I ' In 38, out of the 44 subdivisions referred te, , [the members of tbe Rom-tn Catholic Cburcb con* \ Institute tbe majority of the inhabitants, and in 6 ; [districts, namely, tbe county* of Antrim, Armagb, -: ^'''''TTT^donderry, the county of tbe towt ^SrScfewu-. and tb'e town/ Belfest, tbe} °f ?l I minority more or less cferable. A 8X6 «Te re/ular strength of the Established SS oJ5,K «* Pregsbyteriarf-Churches8 i, £ six counties and towns mentioned it may b, th.i thus —In tfae county of the town of rtrftfin,, tbe members of the Established! £fT although outnumbered by the Presby-i ftns are i numerous than the Roman! « 1 Hpq the oer centage of the three communi-§ ? tin^Presbyterians, 59 2; Established £ V19-3- Roman Catholics, 11 1. In tb.| C ,Unt es of Antrim and Down, and in the towrj C Sast tbe Roman Catholics, although in ag °f ? iWas regards the members of theEstabJ Hed Church; are fewer than the Presbyterian9 1 J nan taae beine, for tbe county of Antrim,! K er - 53 2^' Roman Gaelics, 24.8:1 Jffibed Cburcb, 183; for the county ofl K' Presbyterians, 44 6; R-man Catholics,! ?2 5 Established Churcb, 20 3; and for tbJ t Rplfast— Presbyterians, 33 0; Romana Slit 341; Established Cburcb, 24 71 Tastlv in the coanty of Londonderry, tbe Roman| Catholics, althoDgb more numerous than either of| the ereat Protestant communities, are m the| Minority, as compared with both combined thei Zv centages being 45 3, against 3--l PresbyJ feVn^and 16 9 Established Church- I The subdivision containing the largest absolute! number ol Roman Catholics, 264,754 is the East j Riding of the county of Cork ; that which basl the largest relative number to it? population is the! county of Clare 97 8 per cent. In the counties ofl Kilkenny. Kerry, Limerick, Tipperary (South j Riding), Waterford, Galway, Mayo, Roscommon,| tbe per centaee of Roman Catholics is over 95 | and under 97. In the counties of Longford,! loutb, Meatb, Westmeatb. Wexford, Cork! (West Riding), Tipperary (North Riding), and| Sligo, and in the towns of Drogheda and Galway, 1 8nd City of Kilkenny, the per c^ntnige is over 90^ and under 95. In tbe King's and Queen's counties,! in the counties of Carlow, Kildare, Wicklow,| Cavan, and Leitrim, and in the cities of Cork,| Limerick, and Waterford, it exceeds 80 and is| under 90. In the counties of Donegal, Dublin J (exclusive of suburbs of city), and Monaghan.f and in the city of Dublin, it is over 70, und j under 80. In the suburbs ot the city of Dublin,^ and in tne counties of Fermanagh and Tyrone, it i is over 55, and under 59. In the counties of % Londonderry and Armagh it is over 45, and { nnder 49. In the county of Down and town of i Belfast, it is over 32, and under 35. In tbe county of Antrim it is 24 8 ; and, lastly, in the county of Carrickfergus, the per centage is 81*1. ?- Following up the analysis of the tables, in the cases of tbe Presbyterirfns, it appears that tbe j county of Down is that in which they are most 3 numerous, amounting there to 133,796. This! number, however, is closely approached by that ot| the Presbyterian population of the county of | Antrim-131,687 The district in table 1,1 y/bUh contains the smallest Presbytemn popula-$ tion is tbe city of Kilkenny (97). The per? centage of Presbyterians . is highest in tbej town of Carrickfergus, where it amounts toj 592; and in tbe county of Antrim where! it is 53 2; showing that in both places the] Presbyterians are a clear majority of tbe popula-| tion. In tbe county of Antrim and the county 1 of tbe town of Carrickfergus the per centage of thej Presbyterians is over 53, and un ier 60 ; in thej county of Down it is 46 6; in tbe county ofl Londonderry, 35 I ; in the town of Belfast, 35 ;j in tbe counties of Donegal, Munagban, Armagh 1 and Tyrone, II, and under 20 ; in tbe counties of I Louth, Cavan, and Fermanagh, iu tbe suburbs off | Dublin city, in the cities Dublin, Waterford, and | Cork, and n tbe towns ol Drogheda and Galway, j 2, and under 4; and in the remaining counties! and towns of Ireland under 1. | Some of the principal results of the forgoing! analysis, may be thus shortly stated by w*y ofl 'summary. While tbe members of tbe Estab-i listed Cnurch do not constitute a majority, or] the principal section of .the population in nny of | the counties or towns included in tables 1 and 2. ? they form in one district (tbe county of the town.; of Carriikfergus), a majority compared witb tbe| Roman Catholics, and a majority over tbe Pres-'f byterians in 39, that is to say in a 1 tbe distri ts, 1 except tbe counties of Antrim, Down, and Lon-J donderry, the county of tbe town of Carrickfergus, | and the town ot Belfast. Tbe Roman Uatholics'J have the absulute majority over all other sections;) of the populations taken together in thirty-eight of the divisions, or in all, exept tbe counties off Antrim, Armagh, Dowh, and Londonderry, the J county of the town of Carrickfergus, and the townj of Beliaat. They a;e more numerous than the! members of the Established Church in every* coanty and city, except the couuty of the town oil* tarrickfergus, as already stated. In two counties,! namely those of Armagh and Londonderry, they| are more numerous than the Presbytifians, but! We in a minority when compared witb the otherl sections collectively; and in four places, the! counties of Antrim and Down, the county town| of tarrackfergws, and toe town of Belfast, they \ are outnumbered by the Presbyterians. The last 1 named body has the absolute majority over aill ouw sections of the population collectively in the| county of Antrim and tbe county of tbe town of i ^'nckiergus ; it forms the largest section in ihej county of Down and town of Belfast, t.ut is \n 1 minority of the entire population. In the county] oi -Londondery it has a majority over the mem °ers of the Established Cburcb, but it is in a minority, as compared with tbe Roman Catholics ;Ln 'be counties of Donegal, Monaghan, ami B» »!!ne- the P^byterians are almost as numerous » we members of tbe Established Church ; anu Sin all tbe remaining counties ot lieiand they are! la fractional minority of tbe population. Except! lin a few instances, tbe proportion of tbe other | I'digious professions to tbe population seldom | ireaches one per cent. The Methodists, who f-rml |tbe most numerous body after tbe Presbyterians.! | reach their highest per centage (41) in the town! |«f Belfast.' I I We extract tbe following letter on the subject I a of the Santiago catastrophe from tbe Kiama In | ^dependent of the 14th instant. The calumnies! ? put forward by the Times have been amply re| ifnted at home but we believe Father D Arcy i*i ithe only person in this colony who has pointed! lout tbe injury done to religion by the circuln-g |fir»n of the atrocious statements made by thei 82Ymes and the infidel press of South America 1 I Vhe Catholics of this colony are deeply indebted! |?o Father D'Arcy for the masterly manner inM [which be has shown up the falsehood: — 1 I TO THE EDITOB OP THE KIAMA. INDEPENDENT. I I Shoalhaven, May 14th 1864. I I Sib, — In your issue of the 10th inst. myj [attention was directed to the critique of tht-H j 7Vffies on the late lamentable accident at Santi-1 lago, copied with particular fidelity and exact 1 (ness, under the sensation title of 'The Terrible! I Tragedy at Santiago.' Were the unfair and I fpartial character of the newspaper from whiclji jvou quote, as thoroughly understood here as injl [England, I would be spared the trouble of lak I ling any notice whatever of the inhuman articlt | jto which I refer; for it is notorious that, on al 1 9q-iesuons affecting the Catholic religion tht 1 mmes does not even try to screen' its animus. | land hence precisely the reverse of what it states I jwe Catholics at least, bold to be true; but ben | [this is not so well known— in our coun-r\ | jdiskricta especially the Times, if known at all, isH ku'wn only as the greatest and most ably cnn-|| ducted journal in England, and because thel inust ably conducted, as a matter of course, thel most respectable and truthful. M It id easy therefore, to bee the harm extracted from such a paper may do — the impression an|| organ of such weight, if suffered to pass un I noticed, is likely to make, wherever journal!-! j that oopy from it circulate. To remove such! ! impression— to say a few words on Catbolit i ceremonies, which, in borrowed flippancy I are designated ' mummery and tolly*' — to lu\'|| before your readers a few observations and ex ?II tracts on the mournful event which some news if 'papers with affected sympathy chronicle — &re;|| ?my only reasons for trespassing on your columns || 'and may, I trust, be accepted by you as sufficient If apology for the intrusion. | j The Catholic Church, profoundly learned and! enriched by the experience of eighteen! h in fired years, and directed by the Spirit! of God, is, it is not to much too take foil 'granted, a very perfect judge of tbe hunia.'i hdart, Assuming, then, that her mission is tfj| jpropasfate the gospel preached by our Lord JesusM Ichrist, and committed by Him to her for that| object, she necessarily must, as a fond spouse, al aithful guardian, and zealous teacher, employ | every means within her reach to diffuse its i spirit — to inspire respect and veneration for its | sacrednes3 — to remind her children ot tbe incal- | euiable advantages to be derived from the prac- | tiee of her precepts and to elevate their souls to 1 her divine and beneficent Author. | Anongst other agents engaged in the pursuit | of these blessed ends, are external rites and 1 symbols, and these she finds, and always found I her potent handmaids, and the word of Godf commands them, and the history of human race| proclaims that, in every age and nation their! influence on the human heart have been felt and! acknowledged. | When God formed man of the dast, Htl breaihed into his eurtbly frame an itomortall ?ton I, and so willed it that during their'combined| existence tbe latter should receive impressions! and be instructed through the instrumentality! of the former — heuce external rites and cere-I monies became in the present arrangements ofl Divine Providence, matters of necessity; and! though we unhesitatingly admit the incompar I able superiority of the worship of the soul oveil 'bat of tue body, we are none the less ready toj recognise external ceremonies as its expression! — as eminently calculated to edify man — tel direct tbe soul towards the end for which it wuA created —to promote God's glory — to cheris! I piet}' — to drown the passions — and to ennobl | humanity by inspiring it with ideas above al 1 that is earthly and gross ;, hence St. Augustii I observes, that, 'To decry exterior worship is E therefore to contradict the very laws of nature — 1 co rob the Almighty of His glory — to depriv | men of the most powerful incentives to holines | and virtue— to reduce religion to a mere shadow I or, rather, to extinguish it altogether, the uoiioi | of an abstract spiritual religion being ptepostcr | ous and absurd.' 1 Impressed with these truths— instructed b\ I 'he voice of nature and the month of God tht g Oa'holic Church employs her wealth, ber taste I ler pious and affectionate ingenuity to e^ect| churches, to render them fit for the worship oil rne Diety, by ornaments tbe most costly, b\ 1 dacoiation the most elaborate. Acting on tin | sao.6 impulse, without calculating tbe dangtii u- which so extensive and grand an illuminatioi | .uight expose the church and congregation, tnt| neai tlessly- maligned, though exemplary zealous | Father Ugrate— the faithful minister ot GodVg Gospel and great pulpit orator — spared neitbei iabour nor expense to render his fine church worthy of a gra id occasion— such an occasion as j dills the b- arts of the Catholic world with un- ! oounded joy — an occasion upon which God's I i ithful children assemolerl to celebrate no duw* tcuession to tbe body of Catholic doctrine in thei ? hape of a ' newly invented dogma,' for, the' c uriih to whose kfeiiiug Christ committed the| Gospel cau add notuiug to it— can teach nothingl new—enn teach nothing but what is found in| Scrip Ure and continnad by the voice or tradi-2 liuu — me church whose motto is n*hil innoveturt —(let. there be no novelty) — which clings with! in ttarnul and superuataral tenacity to thei i vrorcs of tho Apostle. *' But though we, or an| i I |augel from heaven, preach* a gospel to you Ibeside that which we have preached to you, let |him be jrnathema'— Gal. 1st. — can, I repeat, |teach nothing but what was believed at all I'imes, in all places, by all true Christians. w* quod ulique, quod semper, quod ah omnibus acredUum est.' 1 Extraordinary, indeed, to tbe mind of the iphilologist or biblical scholar, are tbe ideas of ithe writer in tbe Times on the nature and quali ities of a church divinely sent to teach all nations ito the end of time— a church over which the jsofettm word of Christ is pledged, the Hcly ITpirit shall ever preside, 'And I will ask the jFather, and He shall give you another Paraclete jthat he may abide with you for ever,''— St. John. jxiv. But he is in some degree excusable, for in matters of religious Faith particularly of lah me is so .much accustomed to tbe rule ol ?' subtraction,' that he does not exactly see why the Catholic Church should not occa Uionally indulge in tbat of ' addition.' Strange, truly, are his notions of tbe chu»ch built on a rock against which, the Redoemei promised the gates of hell shall not pie vail.,, All power (said Christ) is given to me in »eaven and on earth ; go ye, therefore, and teacl |a 1 uationa, baptizing them in the name of th- P itber and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; I caching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am witb vou all days even to the consummati' n of thi world. ,— Mat, xxviii., 19. Such is the warran' Uith which the Apostles were armed ; such theii commission; and if such tbe warrant and com ! ission of the Apostle?, such of a necessity, hhe warrant and commission of their successors — the bishops of tbe Catholic Church, (for the Gospel must last till the Und of time.) ' All power in heaven and oi ?arth (Christ declares) is given tome,' and it. virtue of this power He sends them even as tht Father sent Him. 'As tbe Father hath sen me. I also send you '—John 20th. The eternal Father did not send Him to teach error bu ruth, and as tbe mission He gives is tbe same I He received, it follows His Apostles and theii successors could not teach error — could neithei I* add' nor ' invent a new dogma.' The writer in the Times says tJi^y have; but as his a-sertion is unaccompanied by proof, it will be takei merely for what it is worth : thus, thorg'i an eloquent writer on the staff of the great journal, he is open to the charge of never having read the Bible, or if he has, of being in hope'es ignorance of its real and obvious meaning, or perbaps it is a book on the meaning of which h^ |thinks it ' folly to be wise.'' Bat my lettei be oines tedious and needs to be excased, yet, when the provocation received ib considered I feel almost relieved of tbe necessity of appeal ing in the usual manner to your indulgence — your own kindness must acquit me of a desire to become prosy. The comment of the Weekly Register on the melancholy occurrence I append, and wish it to f be here inserted at length, I The Weekly] Register commenting on this | most melancholy i occurrence says: — ''Deplor- i able, fearfal. awful, and horrible, however, as I this great calamity and its details are, the | blasphemies to which it has given rise are still | more horrible and awful. Impious writers both p nere and in South America have availed them \ selves of the Chilian catastrophe, with satanic \ malice, as a basis upon which, while pretending | sympathy for the victims, to build up a pile of | hideous blasphemies against the Church ot | Christ, and foul invectives againsr His Blessed I Mother, and odious calumnies against the priests I of Santiago. It would really seem as if thej j delighted in tbe awful destruction of a pious \ congregation assembled to do honour to her whe ] bore their own Redeemer, especially as it has | afforded them an opportunity of giving vent tt \ their infernal hatred of the church and m \ ordained ministers. For, instance, they havt | stated taat, dttached to tbe church where the \ calamity occurred, there was a 'letter-box into | which the superstitions women of Santiago 1 were instructed by Father Ugarte to throw tbeii | letters to the BK-ssed Viigin, containg the ex j pressions of their wants and wishes,' and thai \ ' Father Ugarte undertook to be the postmai | who was to carry this correspondence to tht | VI other of God and her answers to the writers. { The impious Chilian who wrote thus must havt j known well that he was giving a maliciously | :alse version of a very simple circumstanci f jvhich all Catholics understand. We presum. | no Christian will deny the efficacy of prayer 5 We are told on divine authority that wnere tw- 1 ir three or four are. gathered together in tin \ lame of the Lord, He is amongst them | Catholics, it need not be said, believe in tin | ioinmunion and intercession of the saints 8 Movecas in honour of particular saints iu ever | iiotintry, and of the Queen of All Saints in al jountries, are ordinary incidents of Cathoih ievotion. On these occasions it is a cotnitiO \ oractice for the faithful to intimate in writ- \ mg, but anonymously, to one of the priests ; if the ohurch their desire that the prayer.- | of the flock might be requested in favour of the \ ' intention' (which is not expressed) of the wiiter \ —A B, or O D, or any other anonyuie that th- \ lostulant may have chosen for ;he occasion, and ? ?tefoie the commencement of divine service the 9 officiating clergyman whoever he may be, | ? equests the prayers of the faithful for those un- \ expressed ' intentions' accordingly. This is the jj whule mystery of the 'Letter Box' which has f nulled forth so many vile calumnies and bias- g 'phemies both here and in South America. A | fecruel charge has been made upon the priests f |oonneeted with the church, that they sought^ I -nly their own safety and ibat of what has buenS^ ^flippantly called 'their wooden idols and truaa-ff Spery utensils,' and that having secured thisef iobjects they skulked off and left their victims* ito perish in the flames. The iniquity ot this': icaluainy— for it is a foul one — is best proved by . |tho facts we are about to state. There were'. itwo priests, and only two priests and four young ' Ijolerica in the church at the time the conflagra- ' ition occurred. One of the priests was dragged 1 . ! ft jt'roin the church insensible and nearly suffocated by a lay member of the congregration ; and tbe other remained at his post to tbe last, en deavouring to be of some hejp, and when he saw the chance of rescuing the poor victims had vanished, he. still remained in the doorway of :he sacristy until the flames drove him from itv doing bis duty as a devoted priest of the. Catholic Churcb. Of the four young eccleaias ?ias, we lament to say that three perished in the* flames, two young sisters of one of them having shared the same fate. And as to tbe articles that were saved, they were taken from the -acristy, which was the last place to which the flaiues penetrated, and even this was done, not by either priest or cleric, but by a lay* man, and upon bis own impulse. Another - charge is that these cruel, selfish priests -vho cared only for themRelves anS : their trumpery, closed the sacristy door ? ind thus prevented the escape of many. The charge is an abominable falsehood. Thesaciisty loor was never closed, and several escape through it. Throughout that dreadful night the Archbishop and priests of 6an iago werfr incessant in their pious labenrs of attending to- ? tbe sufferers and administering tbe consoktione. -f religion to the dying Another ground of abuse upou the clergy of the ruined church*, of Santiago, is the circnnjRtance, aliettdy illuded to, that one of them came upon the hnrning altar, and amid the horrors of the dread ful scene pronounced the absolution over tbe - dying. In acting thus tbe priest did bis dnty ia the midst of great peril to his ewn person; a d for this he has beeu held up to obloqny,. esneeially by the blasphemous infidels of the Chilian press, who speak of the mummeries of Buparstition as glibly as if they had studied, under the author of the Durham Letter.' You will agree with me that the sentiments; if the foregoing comment aro those of a Ofrris ian writer of a humane difprsition ; wh le? just and true, with no inclination to cone al facts,,. it respects the deep and inde^e^ibable anguisb. of the priest who, unfortunately, organized the ??? -i»d illumination. It seems to feel that if tbe ? frantic anguish of a man who accidentally/ deprives his friend of life, should be respected;.. !on9idered, soothed, and pitied, how much more. that of an educated and refined gentleman and a minister of the Gospel, under circumstances incomparably more gad. Hence I, for one, feel. deeply grateful to tbe Weekly Register for h5is- humane and considerate comment. To other journals, not Catholic. I feel thankful for the charitable and bonourable attitude they have assumed, while no language at my command enn convey an idea of the horror I entertain,, for the criticism of the Times as it stands in the columns of our colonial journals. No tiger ever - sprang on its prey with half the ferocity he has, on the most melancholy of calamities, just to glut bis anti-Catholic fury With the inno* cent who perished in tbe church of La Com« pania, he has no real sympathy. There are calamities, in which a foe would be sorry to see. one involved ; — There is a stage in grief which: even the bitterest enemy would regret to see \--ne reach ; — there is a degree in punishment which the most heartless tyrant would recoil, fr^m inflicting; — there are moments and inci dents in the last days of the doomed culprit that would move to tears and forgiveness even those on whom he inflicted the fatal and irreparable^ wrong; but an accident attended with conse quences so really awful, so extensive and appall ing as to defy parallel, and exceed almost credi bility—one that leaves thousands drowned inla iiientation and clothes a large city in the drapery of death, evokes from the Times &nd; other journals of its tone, not pity, not sympathy, butcomments which preclude even tbe remote traces of Chris tian felling; comments that breathe but exults^ tion, mockery, and blasphemy. His sympathy for the ' flower and bloom and beauty' of San Jaga- is assumed for a purpose. He cares as little for the Catholic ladies of Chili as he does for our mothers and sisters ia Ireland who perished not by the two thousand but by tbe hundred thousand —not by accident, but by the cool deliberate, cruelty of the Government whose policy he ad«i. vocaies. He affects to mourn over tbe terrible and painful end of tbe (! flower and bloom and? leauty1' of Santiago j but not a sigh did he drawy, lot a tear did he shed over the remains (qmW is spotless) of thousands of Ireland's fairest. -laughters, who passed from this sail ixile, and, in many instances, into. shroudless and uncoffined graves, by the slow torturing process of inanition. No, the real en& md object of the notorious article I conceive \t±. ?-e, to convict tbe priest concerned as actual' assassins— and to hold up to ridicule — and that in language both undignified and low— Oath©* licity and its ministers, and if possible, to: per suade the public that the mournful accident. vas nothing less than a visitatioii of the Divine. vrath on supentitious Catholics; superstitious,. -ecause they assembled to pay relative honour to Her whom tbe Spirit ot God declares, all generations shall call blessed — ' Ecce enim eas hoc beatain me dicent omnes generations,' — S.t». Luke, 1st. B it this mode of argumentation-! may lead him to very inconvenient conclusions p by this process he may to admit that the persecutions and violent deaths of tbe twelve: apostles were Divine visitations ! 1 I remain, Sir, very faithfully yours, ? T.J, D'AROY. 