FTRE=.—A» TJONDON STOWS and prows, the number of fires recordpd every year in the vast agglomeration of brick and mortar increases also. Thns in 1863 the total aws 1,404, being 301 morp than in 18R2. Assnminp thp population of the metropolitan district to b° ahont 2 800,000, this would give ahont one fire annnal- Iv so every 2,000 inhabitants. Livelpool, with a population of 450,000 had 2.97 fires in 1863, or one to every 1.500 inh»hit.its : Manchaster. with a population of about 360,000. 238 fires, nr one to every 1.510 inhibitants ; Glasgow, with a population of 410.000. 221 fires, or one to *verv 1.855inhabitants; Dublin, with a popnlation of 260.000. 174 fires,,or one to every 1.490 inhabitants ; Edinburgh, with a population of 170,000 127 firps, or one to about 1,250 inhabitants ; Sheffield, with 19n.000 inhabitants, 51 Ires, or one to ev»rr 3670 inhabitants ; and <>eds, with'210,000 inhabitants. 47 fires, or one to every 4,470 inhabitants. Leeds thus appears to he the centre of the British population in which the" devouring element" is most efficiently kept in subjection. It is wo'rthv of note that, of tlie 1,404 fir»s which occurred in London last year 227 were in some m»v or other connected with candles, 39 with children, 123 with flues, 100 with gas. 26 with lucifers, 31 with tobacco smoking, 107 with sparks, and 26 with stoves, while the cause of 487 remained an unsolved roysterv. LONDON GOSSIP —The London correspondent of the Gtdona AdvertisT has the following anent the Ocrmano-Danish difficulty, and the position the Queen has taken thereupon •—"The King of the Belgians, who has quite recovered from his very serious illness, is making a prolonged stay here, and political gossip says that his visit is connected with important political and family arrangements, for it is whispered that Her Maj-st.y is quite unmanageable with respect to the relations of Germany aud Denmark, having a strong feeling in favor of the former. The rnmor is (but of course I do not vouch for irt that she des'red all reference to the ques'inn to be omitted from 'the Royal speecl on the opening of the session; and when Lord P-tlmerston and Earl Russell remonstrated, sent for Lord Derby, who of course refused to take office on such terms. This, it is said, explains the reported resignation of Earl Russell at the time; and as it is certain that Lord Derby did then visit the Queen, these facts perhapB have given rise to the reports in question." A NEW SPECTEAI ILLUSION.—Mr J. Maurice, in a letter to the Morning says:—"Will you permit me to describe a means whereby, apparently living~beings of lillipution siz», but with life-like proportions and characteristics, may be made to appear and act even in concert with real persons on thp same stage? As the means invented by Diiks, and subsequently improved by Silverster, for producing life-sized si>eclral figures are now generally known, it will suffice to state that the iilliqution ghost may be produced by—1st,'The substitution of a convex for either the plain transparent or silvered mirror, as at vresent used ; 2d, By interposing a suitable diminishing lens between the spectre producing object or silvered mirror and the transparent one. The same means will allow the phantom images to be enlarged or diminish ed at will, and faitbfu'ly portray some of those marvellous scenes in 'Gulliver's Travels' and other tales that have eo amused our childhood and youth.-* t.„ ,,,'j i.., .; THE PERSECUTION OF PBOFES* 'B JOWETT.— There are few motives of human ounduct mor-- potent than indignation against oppression, and contempt for pious imbecility ; and these have beeii presented to Professor Jowett by his opponents as reinforcements ofhis cause. Or rather they have come in aid of projects far more destructive than any that Professor Jowett would care to advocate. Generation after generation has left the University impressed with the conviction that orthodoxy means narrowness of mind .and, a taste for petty tyranny, and that laxity of belief is .synonymous with mental ; vigor, as well as sympathy for the oppressed The influence-of—this feeling -is beginning to make itself felt in every department of life. At tbe Bar, in .parliament, e-en within the ranks of clergy themselves, the young men who are pressing forward differ on. all possible question of political opinion ; but they all agree in this one thing, that they regard the dominant section of the oxthodox party in the Est ililished Church with a mixture of horror and contempt. It is unjust to turn these feelings U'wm men who have done nothing to'd«surve them. But a manfe Untversity career is just that period of a mtaVlife'dunuRTvli&hiiiipreBsibns; are made : that do not quicklywear away. . triumph •Which' the enetilled (if 1 Prof-ssor Jowetf4javeachieved, anB wulch they consummated, on Tuesday last, is that they have cuntrivedto in- ' 8pire » whole 'gefteration <>f -die ruling -class 'irith Wthorungb, though sometimes a concenleil aversion,- for the accepbed and traditii inal -doctrines of the Established Church.—Saturday Renew. 