LAYING THE CORNER STONE OF ST. THOMAS'S CHURCH, SORELL. (From a Correspondent.) The corner stone of the above new Church was, in accordance with previous advertisements, solemnly laid by the Right Rev. the Catholic Bishop of Hobart Town, on Wednesday, the 20th inst. The day was fine and sunshining throughout, though early in the morning there appeared, to the great disappointment of many, every indication that the day would be wet. About 11 o'clock the Bishop and the Clergymen, who accompanied him, arrived from Richmond, where they remained the previous night at the residence of the Rev. W. J. Dunne, and at once proceeded to the site upon which the Church is being built, where a little tent was appropriately erected for the purpose of rest- ing themselves in, and disrobing themselves of their clerical garments. At the same time the township was all astir, and from every avenue lead- ing thereto could be seen the inhabitants of the surrounding districts wending their way towards it with all possible speed. Every available vehicle, from the one generally used for agricultural purposes, to the chaise and dog cart, seemed to have been put into requisi- tion on the occasion. Very many ladies were grace- fully mounted on horseback aud preceded, in their speed, the gentlemen who accompanied them. Present on the church grouud previously to the commencement of the ceremony, were the Rev. W. J. Duune, Rev. M, Keohan (Oatlands) Rev. James Hogan (Westbury), Rev.E. C. Marum (Jerusalem), Revs. C. P. Woods and P. O. Meara (Hobart Town), William Hodgson Esq., M.H.A., W. Race Allison Esq., H.H. A., Robert Blyth Esq., Warden of Sorell, E. Allison Esq, J. P. E. Moore Esq., J.P., G. Marshall Esq, J.P., and tho Messrs. Marshall, Dr. Coverdale, Warden of Richmond, William Kearney Esq., J.P., Mrs. Reardon, Messrs. Gunn, Miss Gunn, Mrs. Allison, Mr. Allanby, Mrs. Allanby, Mrs. Philips and family, Mr. Walker, Mr. Worledge and family, Mr. 'Mrs. and Miss Hardiman, Mrs,. Hildyard Mr. and Mrs. Bingham, Mr. and Mrs. Walsh, Mr. and Miss Murphy, Mr. Hunter, Miss Hunter, Miss Fennessy, Mr. and Miss McGowan, Mr. and Mrs.' Mccullagh, Mr. Alexander Laing and a great number of all classes of the community. At about 12 o'clock tho ceremony commenced, tho Bishop and Clergy walking iu procession from tlie tent proceeded to tho place designed for the altar where a wooden cross had been set up the previous day, and spriokled it with water which was previously blest, the Clorgy in the meanwhile chanting the 83rd psalm. His Lordship nfterwaids addressed a few observations to his audience ex- planatory ot the great importance of the work be was about to commence, and also of the uso of the latin language in tbe ceremonies of the Catholic Church. "As thoChurch" ho taid,"taugbt a heavenly doctrine which was not subject to changp, and which was intended to bo preached to, nnd be known in nil nations.it was right that her language should be that which would not be subject to change, nnd which would be known and spoken throughout tbeentireworld.of which character the lntin language was." He then blessed the first stone in the usual iorm.sprinklcd it with the blcstwater,and,takingthc trowel in his hand, marked it with the sign of the cross, saying, "In the name of the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The litany of the saints was next chanted, after which the stone was solemnly laid. Within tho stone was placed a bottle, containing the current coin of tho present reign, and also a piece of parchment, containing the following inscription, as translated from the latin : " lu tho namo of tho mo3t holy aud undivided Ti inity, Fathor, Sou, and Holy Ghost, tho fimfc »tono of this Church of St. Thomas tho Aposllo, was laid by Robert William, Bishop o£ Hobart Town ; laus tho IX. being Romnn Pontiff ; Victoria T., Reigning Queen ; Cnlnnol Thomas Gore Biowno, Governor of tho Colony; Robert Blyth, first Warden of tho Municipality of Soioll ; Rev. William John Dunno, Pastor in those parts ; and Henry Hunter, Esquire-, Aichitect, on this 2Ulh day of April, 18G4.» The foundations wero afterwai dssprinkled through- out with the blest wa tor, and finally His Loid-hip pi eached a very impressive sermon on the advantages tobederived from n church consecrated to the worship of God, and the blessings it is msirunientnl in con- ferring upon the community at largo. Before the 'congregation departed a collection was runde in aid of the building lund, and the sum of ¿£32 7s. (id. was contributed, every one present, young and old, giving his mite, and deposiling it upon the coiner stone. A large booth was tastefully erected in tho vicinity of the Police Office, and over which the Union Juck floated iu the breeze, became at this time the centre of attraction. Thitherwuids every one directed his steps. A luncheon was prepared therein for all persons who would partake of it, without distinction or exception ; and, for the abundance and excellent quality of every thing provided-and every thing was gi atuitously pro- vided by tho people of Sorell and Pittwnter-and for the taste displayed in arranging the various dishes on the long-extended boaid, which literally groaned beneath them ; it excited tho suipriso and admiration of every beholder, who might truly say with the poet " Though my stomach was sharp, I could sc.irco help rogiotting To spoil such a dolicato picture by eating." Across the end of the booth a table was laid, at which the Bishop occupied tho chair ; the vice chair was occupied by tho Rev. W. J. Dunne. At his lordship's right sat W. Hodgson, Esq., Dr. Blyth, Wardon, and Councillors Allison and Moore, nnd on his left, Dr. Coverdale, Win. Race Allison, Esq., G. Marshall, Esq., W. Kearney, Esq., and soon tho whole booth became lined at either sido of clio table, with a muititudo of as happy faces ns ono could wish , to behold. Could Goldsmith but boro have hoon so happy a mullitudp.his wish would iudeed have been fully realized. "And oft I wish amidit tho scono to find Some spot to lonlhuppiuuss consigned, Whoro my worn soul each, wandering hopo nt rest, May gather bliss to seo my follows blest." The Board sparkled with champagne and wino of the best quality and ale, ten, coffee, &c;, wero supplied abundantly as beveinge. In the greatest order did (hose, who had taken lunch, give placo to others who lind not.and for several hours paities continued to succeed pnrtics until nil present had taken refreshment. The school boys who kept holiday and played at football, were not forgotten in the end. Full many n pin and many a pudding wore annihilated in their presence iu the course of the evening. ' Towards tho conclusion of the feast, Dr. BLYTH rose, and, in very eloquent terms proposed the health of the Right Reverend the Catholic Bi3hop of- Hobart Town, ne said it was his good fortune, now many years ago, to take a long voyage in company with his Lordship, and at that time con- tracted an affection for li ¡ni, which, he was proud to say, had over sinco continued. Ile was glad to meet lum that day in Sorell, for though lie was bom n'Protestant, and hoped to clio a Piotostanr, ho had no prejudices ngainst the Roman Catholic Church", which he believed to be an elder sister of his own. Of the number rf Catholics in the dis triothe was not aware, but ho believed they wore in want of a church, and ho was proud to see they bad commenced to erect one. The BISHOP who on rising was greeted with great applause, said he was taken by surprise, but felt, however, gratified that an opportunity of acknow- ledging the attention and kindness which were shown bim thnt day was afforded him. Ile fully reciprocated tho affectionate feeling entertained fur him by Dr. Blyth, and always felt proud to esteem hiui ns his friend. The îospectful manner of every one, evon the littlo children who attended "that day, at perhaps a tedious cercinony.slruckhim as most remarkable, and ns to the lunch prepared on that occasion, he never saw it equalled in the conrso of a long lifo. How beautiful it was lo seo such harmony and kindly feeling existing among them. That was religion, to love ono another. He tlianltod them exceedingly for their great kiud iiess to bim, After a pause his Lordship rose again and said he wished to proposo n toast, which fortunately did not require many words to commend it to their approbation. no proposed the health of Mr. Hodgson, the member for Soroll. Ho was not a man of words, but ho was a mau of hound souse, of sterling honesty, and entire independence. Mr, HODGSON, who was received with much cheering, said ho felt much flattered by the good opinion which the Bishop of Hobart Town expressed of him. It was ceitiiiuly nlwaya his wish to do what wiiB right betweon m.m and mun, his principle of notion being to do auto others as ho would wish others to do unto bim. Ho was glad to seo the peoplo of Sorell act togothor so cordially as they did ou that occasion. To any ono who supposed that thoy could not bo got to net harmonicaisly together, thoy gnvo that day a flat contradiction, and he wns very much gratified to observe such harmony amongst them. The health of the Riv. Mr. Dunno was next pro- posed in a vory graceful and eulogistic speech by Dr. COVERDALE, Waldon of Richinoud. Rev. Mr. DUNNE, who was vory warmly received, said,-Ho felt thankful, extremely thankful, for the compliment paid bim by his friend Dr. Covordaloin proposing his health, and by the ladies and gontlo nion present, for the cordial manner in whtoh they had responded to it. Ho felt, indeed, the more thankful, ns ho was conscious ho merited not the ovorllattering terms winch had been used towards bim. Thankful however, ns ho felt for tho cotupli mont paid to bim p >reonally, ho was far more so for the respect and the honor whioh the people of Sorell and Pittwater paid that day to his 13Uhop, Mid to therov. mid other gentlemen who visited thom at his invitation. They showed respect for them, and honored them in an extraordinary manner. To what other feeling than that of respect could ho accribn the assembling together of such numbers from all parts ot the district, mid tho ro-qicctful demeanor by which their conduct was marked. To what other feeling could ho attributo tho prepara- tion, of the niaguiflceuts banquet to which thoy ? '-'.'?.'.ft- '?>. wore treated, a banquet which comprised every- thing that was substantial, everything that was exquisite, and everything that could please the eye or gratify the palate, a banquet, the component parts of which wero .contributed gratuitously by Protestants and Catholics alike (cheers). An act like that must have spruug from the most generous and most noble impulses of the human heart and ledonnded to the honor of those by whom it was performed. He congratulated the people of Sorell nnd Pitwater, npon their display of such kind, and such liberal nnd such generous feelings. To overy individual who contributed even the smallest particle of that splendid feast, ho was a debtor, nnd tendered his warmest and heartiest thanks, Moreover, he thauked them for the encouragement they gave him in tbo important work which he had under- taken. When the corner stone of the new Church waa laid in so favorable circumstances, it might well be hoped that its completion wonld be brought to a successful accomplishment. The collection that day received, amounted to .£32 7s. 6d.,for which he felt exceedingly obliged. Again, and again be thanked them for their kindness always to him, nnd particularly on that day. He hoped at the opening of tho Church, they wonld all meet again, at all events, that they would all enjoy good health, and, in the meantime, possess every comfort and happiness. It was far advanced in the afternoon, when the Bishop, and the other gentlemen with him, retired from a place where every one seemed to be happy. The principal credit of so successful an undertaking, is due to Mr.R. Fitzsimons, who was, however, heartily aided in his labors by Mr. and Mrs. Walsh, Mrs. Hildyard, and others, , " Blest bo those feasts with simple plenty crowned, Whoro all the ruddy family around, Laugh nt'tho jests orpmnks that never fail, Or sigh with pity at some mournful tale, Or press tho bashful stranger to his food, And leam tho luxury of doing good." 