THE NEWS OF THE DAY. Tlio R.M.S. Northam, with the December Euro pean mails, arrived in Hobson's Bay lost evening. In this morning's issne we give a summary of the most important items of British and Foreign in telligence. The circular recently addressed by the Minister of Mines, as to the increase or decrease of the yield of gold in the several mining districts, is eliciting some interesting information. At Daylesford, as wo learn from tho Mercury, the returns obtained show that during the months of November and December 11,059 ounces of alluvial gold were bought by three establishments nlone in Daylesford, while daring the same period they only purchased 1777 ounces of gold extracted from quartz. This shows that the yield of alluvial gold is as 11 to 2 in excess of the yiold of gold from quartz. ' We believe,' odds tho Mercury, ' there is a notion pre valent in Melbourne, and especially in certain circles where theory usurps the place of practical know ledge nnd careful collation of facts, that tho quartz yield holds tho premier position, and that tho allu vial yield is rapidly siukiug into insignificance. Tho above returns show that, whatever may be tho case on tho Sandhurst and Castlemaine fields, the alluvial is not by any means exhausted in the Daylcsford district. In fact, our deop leads are only in the infancy of their development.' We havo our files from Now South Wales and from South Australia to the 9th inst. From the crowded state of our columns, wo are obliged to hold over extracts from the local papeTsi ' Wo havo received from Mr Stephens, of Collins street, the volumo containing Captain Speke's narra tive of tho discovery of tho source of the Nile. We must defer until another opportunity a more lengthened notice of a book which is certain to be read with great interost. The work has just come to hand by tho overland mail. Wo understand that the police authorities hero received information, yesterday afternoon, that a collision was likoly to take place, at Ballaarat, betweon tho Great Extended and Band of Hope Mining Companies!, and that a request for the re inforcement of the local force was answered by tlio despatch, per six p.m. train, of twenty-one uiou, under tho command of Sub-Inspector Storey. Tho Rov. John Geddie, Missionary, from Aneityum, in the New Hebrides, accompanied by Mrs Geddie, and their youngest daughter, also by a native chief and his wife, arrived yesterday from Sydney, per the Wonga Wonga. They aro on their way to Nova Scotia, via Liverpool. Mr and Mrs Geddie are returning to their native land in the hope of recruiting their strength, after a loug and laborious course of missionary toil. Mr Geddie entered on his labors in Aneityum in 1848. At that timo the island, containing several thousand inhabitants, was enveloped in tho grossest hoathenism — it is now entirely christianised. In those labors Mr Geddie has received tho valuable co-operation of tho Rev. Messrs Inglis and Copolnnd. The Rov. Mr Geddie will preach to-morrow in the Rev. A, M. Ramsay's United Presbyterian Church, Collius street. While tho uew front is being erected, the entrance to the uuurcu ib ut me rear 01 tno DUllauig. The Geelong races havo been finally fixed for the 10th and 11th of March. This has been done in order to avoid collision with the Melbourne meotin» nnd with the Geelong Agricultural Show, bes;des leaving a clear field for the promoters of the St. Patrick's Day sports. Tho sitting of tho Sandridge Police Court, yester day, was principally ocoupiod in investigntiug an alleged breach of tho Imperial Passengers Act on the part of Capt. Dowell, of the Soucliays. Tho charge was preforred by a number of passengers on board that ship on her last voyago from Dunedin to Melbourno. From the evidence adduced in sup port of tho charge, it appeared that the Soucliays left Dunedin on tho 27th ult., having on bonrd 176 stocrngo and a small number of cabin passengers. Sho was only a day out at sea when complaints were made as to tho quantity and quality of the provisions which had been shipped for the use of the passengers. These grumblings soom even to havo been indulged in at tlio very timo when, owing to a storm of even more than usual severity, the lives of all were in jeopardy. Bad a3 matters wero before, they got greatly intensified when, at the Bluff, soventy-thrce starving creatures forcod themselves 011 board, and who, strange to say, subsequently evinced their gratitude by swelling the ranks of tho growlers at sea, and joining in a prosecution of Capt. Dowell when they got to land. It having been proved to the satisfaction of tho bench that the sup ply of provisions was most ample, and the quality not inferior to what is generally to bo met with on board ship, the case was dismissed. It does savor somewhat of the ridiculous, to hear men from tho inhospitable shores of New Zealand complain of being deprived for eleven days of peas, pickles, rico and raisins. A deputation, relative to tho completion of the storm water ohannel, at Ballaarat, waited upon the linil. til A nilJof Rnnl'Afnrvr vnofnriln tt o Unvnnon deputation, which consisted of the Mayor of Bal laarat East, Mr Rodier, town clerk, and tho owners of property in the vicinity of tho channel, was in troduced by tho lion. C. J. Jenner, M.L.C. ; Mr Humfl'ray, M.L.A. ; Mr Gillies, M.L.A. ; Mr Frazer, M.L.A. ; Mr B. G. Davics, M.L.A.; and Mr O'Con nor, M.L.A. Mr Humffray stated that, owing to tho floods that formerly took placo from tho Caledonian Creek, a clinnnel was com menced by the Government to carry off the water beyond tho town boundary. Five years ago, when Mr Haines waB in offico, £50,000 was expended for the pnrposo. This, however, was only sufficient to carry tho work a certain distance ; nnd mother sum of £5000 was voted, under the belief that that amount would servo to complete the work. Tho sum, howovor, was only sufficient for about a lourth of the work that required to be done, is was found by the fact that, ' when M* Baggo was sent up by tho Government to cxamiuo tho channel, he reported that a sum of between £14,000 nnd £15,000 would be required to complete it. Mr Jolinstou, when Minister of Public Works, promised that, for the furtherance cf the work, a sum of £5000 would he placed on tho Estimates for last year, and a further sum of £5000 for tills year, or, if the O'Shanassy Government did not remain in office, that he would leave a memo, for his successor to the effect that such a promise had been made. This, however, was on condition that tlio borough council of Ballaarat East should comploto tho channel from the 1111110 Flat Bridgo ' onwards to an outlet, which would cost about £2500, and that, when the channel was completed, tlicy would keep it in good repair. The present stato of the channel was this : that while thero were inlets from the Caledonian Creek there wore no outlets, and the consequence was that, on the occasion of heavv storms, tlio clinnnel was flooded, and great damage done to tho adjacent property, tho owners of which, having paid large snms to the Government in the shape of purchase money, license fees, miners' rights, & c., naturally looked to the Government to complete tho work which they had comraeuccd, as in its present con dition it brought the storm water from another quarter directly upon them. Mr M'Culloch, after a short conversation on the subject with Mr Humffray, Mr Gillies, and Mr Rodier, rolntivo to the localities injured by the overflowing of the channel, stated that he fully admitted the importauce of the work, and tbnt ho would bring the subject before his col leagues on Monday next, and communicate the de cision arrived at by the deputation on Tuesday. Last evening tho Rev. H. H. P. Handfield, in- - cumhent of St. Peter's, delivered an interesting and graphic lecture on the ' Battle of the Alma,' in the school-room connected with tho church, to the mem bers of the St. Peter's Young Men's Association. The audience comprised a number of young men and others who give their countenance to bucIi asso ciations, auu iiucu nnout one-tuiru 01 tno large room. Mr Curtis took the chair. The lecture was avowedly founded upon ICinglake's historical narrative of the battle ; and, in fact, presented but a precis of that author's sketch of the scone and events, with appro priate reflections prefaced, interspersed and follow ing. Tho lecturer also, by means of maps and diagrams, endenvored to render the disposition of the battle more palpable to his auditors, pointing out the redoubts, earthworks, stations of the various forces, &c.;, as ho went on. The rov. gentleman mot with an attentive and evidontly appreciative audience, who cordially cheered him at the conclu sion, and voted him their thnnks. Thero was a private view, yesterday, at tho studio of Mr Chevalier, in Spring street, of a very interesting series of sketches taken by that artist in Gipps Lnnd. Mr Chevalier accompanied Professor Nenmayer in his late scientific tour, nnd the products of the artist's pencil will not be the least populnr fruits of this ndventuro in the inte rests of science, presenting, ns theso sketches do, so much that is new and beautiful in what may be termed the almost unkuown regions of our adopted country. The professor and artist started for Gipps Land via Buncep. Reaching Rosedale they as cended the river, and thence followed the Jordan track to Mount Useful. To the Macalister River tlicy had to cut their own track, which labor accom plished they proceeded down the valley to Boisdole. After visiting Lakes Wellington and Victoria, tho party proceeded by Tambo up) tho Nicholson River as far as Mount Steve, taking the Dargo valley in their route. They returned along the ranges, and passed along the const to Port Albert and Corner Inlet. At Port Albert Mr Chevalier chartered a boat, and made an interesting pictorial excursion to Wilson's Promontory, of which tho public - will shortly reap the advantage. The sketches, which will bo soon exhibited, on the opening of the fine arts exhibition, aro thus illus trative of a wide stretch of country, the features of which are known only to n few. Commencing at rtusuuuiu, iur ouuvuuur iiua given u very pleasing bush scene, with cattle. From the Lntrobo River thero is a fine view of Mount Baw Baw. A sketch of Mr King's station in this locality is a fine bit of pastoral scenery. Then there is a splendid view from tho top of Mount Useful, looking towards the snow-clad peak of Baw Baw. There is another very interesting sketch from Mount Useful, showing tho bold outlines of the dividing rangos. Mr Chevalier discovered a very charming waterfall, with three or four cascades, near the Macalister River. Tho sketch of this will probably be the groundwork of somo popular pictures. There is something very striking in tho pinky lilac hue of tho rocks. There is a fine sketch of tho Macalister Valley, with Mount Wellington in the distance. Also, a panoramic view of the Gipps Land Alps and tlio River Avon. Of Lake King there is a very pleasing viow, and a charming bit of luxuriant fem vegetation on the Mitehcll river. Of the Dargo valley there are two sketches of the bold ranges in the district. Two very excellent sketches are also devoted to the Wentworth river and tho Bogie creek diggings. There is also an oxcellent fern-tree gully noar Mount Useful. The gems of the collection, how ever, are two Bcenes on tho Agnes and Franklin rivers, the rich foliage of which quite rivals the splendor of South American river scenery. There is a good view of Comer Inlet, with the mountains towards Wilson's promontory. Thero also several other sketches of great interest, the result of the boating exoursion. M. Chevalier has an elaborate picture of that most singular of hills, Mount Arapilug and the Mitre rock, in tho western dis trict, which will attract due notice in tho forthcoming exhibition. Tho artist lias beon particularly fortu nate in Iris treatment of a vcrv characteristic Ana. tralian sky. An inquest was oommenced, yesterday, at North cote, on tho remains of a woman lutely found buried in a paddock attached to tho Travellers' Home Hotel, situated a littlo way boyond Epping, on tho road to Woodstock. It is supposed that tho remains aro those of Mary Burke, who mysteriously disappeared in September, 1858, nnder circumstances which caused a suspicion to arise that foul play had been used by her husband, Bartholomew Burke. In fact, it was generally re ported in tho district that he had murdered her ; but, as no traces could be found, the suspicion died away. Through an anonymous letter, however, lately forwarded to the police, inquiries wero made, which resulted in the remains being found in tho paddock, and in a spot which, it appears, was the sito whore tho tent was fixed, in which the unfortunate woman and her husband resided. The latter having long since left tho district, his brother, Patrick Burke, tho owuor of tlio hotel and paddock, was arrested, together with his son, on suspicion of being concerned in the murder. Tho cvidonco of Sub-Inspoctor Ryall and Dr. Macadam were taken yesterday, and will be found fully reported in another eolumn. Tho inquest was then adjourned until Monday next. At the Circuit Court at Sandhurst, on Thursday, Deioro Dir lteumonu rsarry, Liung ummg, uescriuett as a ' fiuo specimen of tho Mongolian race,' was charged with tlio wilful murder of Toon Tok, an old man between 50 and CO years of age, on the 31st of August last. It appeared from the evidence of a nephew of the deceased that, on tho 31st of August, Toon Tok went in to Bondigo and vas never scon alive afterwards. He was worth about £10 in notes and gold, which ho was in the habic of carrying in a bolt tied round liis body. The dead body was discovered in a hole with about two feet of sludge in it. Tho ovidenco was circumstantial and tho jury acquitted tho prisoner. Some points in tho tostimony of the Chinese witnosses wera curious as illustrations of the customs of our Chinese countrymen. Ho Nan, a miner at Wattle Flat, Baid : Lung Chung was in his tent on Sunday, Toon Tok asked him where he had been ; he said he had been to tho templo to ask tho godB whether tboy would lot him romovo to another gully, also whother he ought to go to China. Toon Tok said,, ' You have no money ; how can you go to China?' Lung Chung made no reply, and went away. Toon Tok had told Lung Chung several times that even ing, and also before, ho was going to China. Tak A' Hun, tho nephew of tho deceased, stated that Lung Chung,' tho prisoner, sont for him when in the lock up and told him tho ghost of tho deceased, Toon Tok, came and slapped him. Prisoner said the ghost of Toon Tok had told him who murdered him, and if any ono would give him £100 ho would point him out. We have our files from Otago, N.Z., to tho Gth inst. The smouldering embers of the fire at Duncdin still required constant watering, as the flames fre quently burst out with great violence. The damago done is variously estimated at from £100,000 to £170,000. ' The body of John Craig, the late engi neer of the' Queen steamer, had been found, and it was believed that his death had been caused by foul means The post mortem examination disclosed several extonsive fractures of tho skull, which were not visible externally, corresponding with scalp wounds. Alfred Cluney, the cliiof cook of tho vessel, had been arrested on suspicion, and re munded pending the result of tho coroner's inquest. The match between the All England Eleven and Twenty-Two of Otago resulted in a victory to the former by threo runs and nino wickets to go down. Tho scores were : — Otago Twenty-Two, first innings, 83 ; second, 71 ; total, 154. All England Elevon, first innings, 99 ; second, 58 ; total, 157. The match between the A.E.E. and a united Twenty-Two of Canterbury and Otago was then commenced, but a3 there was not time to ploy it out, in consequence ? of the Eleven having to start for Lyttolton, it ended in a draw. The scores in tho first innings wksro United Twenty-Two, 91 ; and A.E.E., 73. Tho .seoond innings of tho Twenty-Two closed for CO. There is little news from tho gold- fields. Tho first escort from Hamilton's was expected to leave in a few days with about 5000 oz of gold, mining matters in that district remained about the same, no new ground having been opened up. The deep ground is said to bo going ahead, bnt some have a large quantity of water to contend with. Trade is dull Tho cricket match between eleven American Muffs and eleven Muffs of All Nations, played on the Mel bourne ground yesterday, in aid of the funds of thp Melbourne Hospital, resultod in favor of the All Nation Muffs, with thirty-two runs to spare. There were between 500 and GOO persons on the ground and tho play excited a largo amount of amuse ment. The Ariel Rowing Club scratch races take placo on the Upper Yarra, this afternoon. The course will bo from Princo's Bridge to Brandon's Ferry, tho first race starting at linlf-past throo o'clock. A good attendance of members is expected, and if the woathor provo fine some good sport may bo looked for. James Brown, one of tho men mentioned in our issue of Tuosday, ns having been accidentally in jured on board tho Souchays, on her last voyage from Dunedin to Melbourne, died in tho Hospital, ou Wednesday. It appears that at tho time when the accident occurred, tho deceased was standing under a spar on deck, and that when struck by a heavy sea, the Souchays gave such a lurch as caused about twenty men, who wore some distance off, to be thrown down— some of them falling upon tho deccasod, sevorely crushing and injuring him. When picked up he was quite insensible. He was carried into tho cabin and placed under tho caro of one of tho passengers, who was a doctor. In a few hours afterwards he became sensible, and then com plained of a pain in his back, and that lie could not use tho lower part of his body and legs. As soon as the Souchays arrived in tho Bay, the deceased was landed and conveyod to tho Melbourno Hospi tal. When admitted ho was nlmost speechless. He was then suffering from paralysis, and gradually sank and died on Wednesday morning. An inquost was hold on tho body yesterday ; accorning to the modical evidence, death was the result of paralysis, caused by injury to tbo spine ; and the jury re turned a verdict accordingly. A deputation, consisting of tho chairman of the Amherst road board and Mr Clarke of tho borough council of Talbot, was introduced to the hon. tbo Commissioner of Lands and Survey, yesterday, by Mr Frazer, M.L.A. Their purpose was to request that tho road from Talbot to Ballaarat, via Glenda ruel, might be proclaimed a main road. Mr Grant, after hearing what tho deputation had to urge in support of their application, stated that ho could not accede to their request, inasmuch as the road in question ran exactly parallel with tho Cluues and Creswick road. Tboy then brought under his notice that his promise to grant £200 out of the vote for the repair of bridges swept away by the floods last year had not been carried out. Mr Grant explained that, in consequence of his having neglected to take a noto of tho promise at tho time. it had wholly escaped his recollection, although ho now remembered making it. Ho would yet, how ever, do whatever lay in his power to fulfil his pro mise. He also assured the deputation thnt, with re spect to several other local matters which . they brought under his attention, ho would give them his favorable consideration. The correspondent of the Ballaarat Star says : — ' I am informed that a Ballaarat company has completed the arrangement for leasing the paddock of Mr Tucker, M.L.A., and MrBoundry, at Malmes bury, near Daylesford, consisting of about 800 acres ?of mining ground, alluvial and quartz. Tho depth of the alluvial deposits is supposed to bo between 150 and 180 feet. Gold was first discovorod on this land by Bropliy and others, seven years ago, ' who are now applicants for a roward for tho discovery of a new gold-field. At that time the party mot with difficulties that deterred them porso veriug, although they had obtained prospeots of 4oz to the tub. A prospectus is to bo issued in a few days, bat, as tho shares are not to bo numorous, and are likoly to bo taken up by those who are pri vately acquainted with tho advouturors, there is little room for speculation.' 'Via Sydney, wo have news from tho seat of war in New Zealand to the 2nd inst. It is as yet with out decisive results, but is interesting as showing tho importance of tho movement by General Cameron. Tho General 1ms found the enemy's position one of groat strength, his force amounting to between 3000 and 4000 of the disaffected tribes. Their position, however, was considered quite assailable. A meoting of tho Bridal Testimonial Committeo was appointed to bo hold at tho Town Hall, yester day, at noon. Long after tho hour only a baro quorum of members mustered ; and, as no more ar rived, Mr Fitzgibbon suggested an adjournment, briefly informing them, however, that ho had ob tained promise of several quartz specimens from tho Ajax and other companies, and that he expected to got many others. It seems that tho testimonial is to assume tho form of a standard, tree, obelisk, or something of that sort, surmonnting n pedestal composed of valnablo qnartz specimons, each marked with tho name of tho compnny and locality it re presents. The amount collected, about £300, we understand, will about suffice to produco such a testimonial as that proposed. Having considered one or two matters of expenditure, tho committee ? adjourned to a future day, which will bo duly notified. Among tho cricket meetings for to-day, are tho unfinished matches between tho First and Second Elevens of the M.C.C. and East Melbourne Clubs ; nd tho First and Seoond Elevens of the R.C.C. and St. ICilda Clubs. Tho M.C.C. First Elevon will play on the East Molbourno ground ; and tho E.C.C. First Eleven on tho St. Kilda ground. On -the Lonsdale ground a match will be played be tween two clovens representing tho Press and tho Stage, chosen from members of tbo Lonsdale Club; wickets to be pitched at two o'clock. Tho Ilotham C.C. will meet the Model Schools in Richmond Paddock, at half-past two o'clock ; and a match will be played between an eleven of the Scots' School C.C, and an cloven of the Victorian Grammar School,- in the same locality ; wickets to be pitched at two o'clock. The performances at tho Theatre Royal, last evening, were for the benefit of Mr Harwood, who, it need hardly be said, is an established favorite in this colony. For the evening there was a very at tractive bill of fare, tho programmo embracing tho serio-comic drama of ' A Husband to Order tho farce of ' The Colleen Bawn settled at Last and tho extravaganza of ' The Nymph of tho Lurlcy berg.' The cast for all tho pieces was an exceed ingly good one. Them was a largo attendance on tbo occasion, all parts of the theatre having been well filled. In tho farce Miss Rose Edouin and Mr Stewart acquitted themselves to the entire satisfac tion of the audience, and their singiug and dancing were warmly encored. Taken altogether, tho evening's entertainments may be regarded as an undoubted success, 