MR. GLADSTONE'S RBPLY TO MB, DISRAELI. ON the great débate on the Danish question in the House of Commons, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, in bia reply to the charges brought against the Government by Mr. Disraeli con- cluded as. follows :- . ? ! ' The right honorable gentleman Mr, Disraeli; has submitted a motion, to the House which 1 now hold myself free to deal with- I have gone through every charge, and I have shown'how untruly he has quoted the books. I must, in deed, apologise to the House for having refrained from a multitude of references without which it is impossible to have a fall or complete apprehension 'of this involved and complicated matter. But I nave met these charges, and'I fearlessly challenge the judgment of the House upon them. And now I will myself take my turn as critic and judge, and see what I can make of the motion which has been submitted by the right honorable gentleman. (Hear, hear.) Sir, it is in many respects a remarkable motion. It is a motion-the: production of which has been heralded like the birth of Julius Caesar . and other 1 great men-by omen and prophecy; ' At ' the 1 beginning of the session, the right honorable gentleman himself prophesied that he would bring on this question. Then*the right honorable gentleman ? the member for" Huntingdon (General Peel) took up,the parable of the right honorable gen- tleman,., and gave us his word that we should have a motion of this kind. Then the ball came again into the hands of the right, honorable gentleman himself, and he prophesied once more that there should be a solemn resolution. Thus, ever -. since the' commencement of the session,' a period of five months, thia motion ha3 been'in the' course of incubation ; ' and its terms have been involved in all the brains of all the wisest gentlemon in the country-namely, those who sit opposite. (Laughter and cheers.) The right honorable gentleman hits made a motion, the meaning and purport of which we perfectly understand. It.is intended to put an end to tho existence of the govern- ment.1 I admit that in some sense' we are greatly indebted , to the right honor- able gentleman. Perhaps I may. explain what I mean by. an anecdote. There is in a beautiful churchyard- in Kent!an epitaph upon a lady and gentleman who had been murdered, by a domestic servant ; and the writer, in his anxiety to give the matter a pious and Christian turn; Btátéd that'it was, after all, a very great advantage to thé deceased persons to have been rid of their lives in this summary manner, because they had thereby been preserved from the inconveniences and discomforts which com. monly attended dissolution in its natural course. (Loúd'laughtér.) It was only very lately that I saw this epitaph) and it 'did. occar to me ,that the right honorable gentleman was about to perform for .the Government the kind office which the domestic servant did for this lady and gentleman. As the dissolution of a govern- ment, when it occurs naturally, is certainly found to be attended with inconvenience, and discomfort,' and as it must some time die, we should perhaps be thankful to the right honorable gentleman. for offering to do for us this good office. (Renewed laughter.) But, sir, it is not easy to discuss this motion. ' It is pñroly a personal matter. We have heard the tone of the right honorable gentleman to-night. He looks across the table, and says to my noble friend and'to the body of gentlemen of whom my noble-friend- is-one,- " You are miserably incapable-i-you are men who cannot, indeed; write .a single; sentence vof ' common sense." (Cheers.) , But ? here the memory of the right honorable gentleman proves to be but a short one, for bj and-by he goes on to describe what has been tho foreign policy of this country since. the, peace of 181Ö. He describes that policy as -having been generally , a very successful one. Did he not recolleot that the men who had exhibited.thia miserable incapacity" had also been . responsible for the condnot of tho foreign policy of the country for more than half 'the time since the peace of .1815 ?" (Loud "cheers.) " Nowrsir, what is the meaning of this motion? Is it not, "Got out Of your,. placés'! and let us come into - their! ?!' (Cheers.) That is a perfectly fair issue ; but it is a very disagreeable one for men to discuss'who have still hanging about them any, the faintest remains of the. modesty of their youth. (Great laughter.) The right honorable gentleman talks about our miserable incapacity-- I Mr. Disraeli : I did not use those Words. (Cries of " intense," and " utter.") ' ' j The Chancellor of the Exchequer : I am quite willing to . take it any woy-he it " utter,*'., " in- tense,* or~" miserable," or whatever it be-he challenged a comparison whiíh it is very difficult for me to conduct. He. says, " You have offended - all your allies.'-' -.'(Opposition, cheers.) "You have -made7 yourselves contemptible.' (Renewed , cheers.) ' These are the state- ments which, the right honorable gentlemab made. Ho soys my noble friend had no right to contrive to Btave off this war for a period Of five years after be came into office. The right honorable gentleman ought to have had some compassion upon my noble friend for consider . : . ' :"r ' . ' ' 1 . I »Moni which his own memory might baye aug! .gejtedj-tohjm, Wss (here not a war when be was~ himself in office ; sud did Lord Malmes- bury contrive to stave off that war for four or fiveyears? (Cheers. )The rigbtboporable gentle máncame down to the house OD the 18th of April and; said there would no war ; whereas on the 32nd the Austrian sommons was sent to Pied mont, .and the--war immediately afterwards began. (Hear, hear.) I-appeal to the generous feelings of the right bonorable^gentleman ; but if' L appeal ~to-them in vain, 1 appear to his memory of transactions' ' in which his . own government were involved.. ' (Cheers.) The language of:...the ? motion is-f"only let the hobie - visoouni; .".' the. noble lord the Foreign Secretary,* -and--their colleagues- get out of their places, and let us come in j and then suddenly everybody, will behave .well, and all public offenders will disappear like the shades of the, heroes : when , .¿Eneas made bis appearance among them- . At Dkoaom prooerea, AgtuiFmnoofaqaa philingoe. Ut videra virnm fulgent aqua arras par ambras logea ti traptdsre meta : pars vertiré lergs. (Laughter.) The right honorable gentleman gets upon what I would call the high horse, and will not give the slightest opinion on any subject of policy, because forsooth that would be accept ing'offica'with conditions.. (Hear, bear.) While the motion is full of animosity as regards 'its design, towards her Majesty's Government, it is, as relates to publia interests, as pale snd colour- less as a ghost. The only allegation that it con I tains is, that by the conduct of her Majesty's Government, the just influenoe of England has I been lowered.; In tho first place, I dlny that the just influence of England has been lowered. (Hear, heor.)/ In the, second place, I say that even if it were so, the declaration is not a seem« ing one to be recorded here - (Cheers.) - "Ts" the allegation made because we have failed in avertings war? Well, I know that there is nothing that succeeds Hke'saccess ; and there is nothing that fails like' failure. There is always attendant upon . failure, pain for the moment ; but if that failure has been the failure of honest, upright, -and generous- efforts to pre- vent the greas mass' of mankind fro'm injuring and destroying one another (cheers)- though a dispassionate Minister who bas. attempted in vain for the . moment to ealm the troubled waters, may reap from one br both aides of the house nothing bat the censure of gentlemen who propose motions like , this, ind though he may reap from a small section of his countrymen" no other reward than retient ment and disapproval,, yet the recollection will abide that the voice.of. England was" raised in the cause of moderation and of justice, and, that the effort of her government bad been to teach wisdom to the obstinate, arid mercy to those who were tyrannous and ' Btrong. (Loud cheers.) Are these cases without a parallel ? ."Let mo go back to that'bf Canning. Never was there a more conspicuous instance of failure, if our judg- ment is to be the judgment of tbe moment; than the failure of Canning respecting the invasion of Spain by France; but there is no brighter, no more honourable ohapter in the whole history of the foreign policy of, this country. It was said by Canning when he was charged with that failure,' that "it -would -be disingenuous,, indeed, to ! deny that the entrance of the French army into Spain, was to a certain extent, a disparagement to the prestige and. a blow to the feelings of England." ' Are we then to see recorded against ns the proposals, almost the petitions, which we have made in the interests of peace, and is the failure of those petitions, either through their' refusal when concessions would. have been useful,' or their being . declined, in'. . the insolence of power, to be r laid to our charge ? (Cheers.) - Let ns discard this epicurean temper. I deny that tho just influence of England hal been lowered. . That is not the language which is held by allied and friendly powers-though it is no doubt held by a certain portion of the foreign Press. "When I read the terms of the motion it seems to me to be nothing better than an echo of the almost ribald language, of a- few obscure journals of Germany.' (Cheers.) It is from that source that . this . intended ministet derives his ' inspiration. (Loud ' oheers ) It is from that quarter' that lessons of English policy- are-to-be-learned. -(Oheers.) Un- happily there is still - in ' this country a narrow sect of people who revel in the deprecia- tion of every foreign people; it 'is equally true that there is a sect of people in France who still retain what was'once a national antipathy though thank God it,is so.no longer (loud cheers)-against this country. -While there are readers.of suoh trash there will always be writers of "it ; and it is with this trash which the right honorable gentleman founds votes of want of confidence.- (Cheers.) But again-1 say, I deny that the just influence of England h aa been diminished by the honest, effort which we have made to teach men' justice and mercy. This ia the very first occasion that the British House of Commons has been called , upon, for the sake of displacing a government, to record the degrada* tion of its country. (Loud cheers.) Why cannot the right honorable gentleman speak plainly in his:-: motion? Why dcos he not adopt, the language of our. .forefathers, who when they. , were dissatisfied with a Government addressed the crown, and prayed that that'Government might . be dis- missed. They; said boldly that the conduct bf the Government was open to such and suoh charges, and they prayed that other men might be put in their places. But tho right.honorable gentleman was afraid , to : raise that issue. (Cheers.) He has,, indeed,, plucked up his courage to propose this motion; but whybaBhe not done it in the proper constitutimal form in which votes of want of confidehoe have hitherto beep drawn. ' ' He supposes that, beaause be did not attack the ; Government in terms, he could not fall into error. But he ÍB mistaken. Never before, so far , as I know, has party spirit led gentlemen in' this country to frame s a .motion which plaoes'on xeoórd that which must be regarded ;ns- dishonourable to the "«J"0* (Cheers.) "I go baok 'to the time 'of- Sir fc Walpole,'of Lord North/ and Mr. |Föx, but nowhere do,we fiñdisuch a sterile, and jejune an affair as this resolution. Their charges were written inlegible and plain term's, brit the;rignt honorable gentleman substitutes ; .language wbich mighr,iirirfeed,,be: sufficient, for tbe par- póse of rendering it impossible for the Governr ment to oontinne in office,'but which cannot transfix them without ita sting first V*a**?& through the honour bf England. (Cheers.) Vot the resons I- have stated I look forward witn cheerfulness tô the isaue which hos ? been raisea with regard to,our conduct.: (Cheers.),' .1 hava long detainedb the House, and I ,haye en. deavoured to follow the right honorable gentle, man through the' ambages of;; his elaborate attaok. I "have followed the right' honorable gentleman through"every point which-ba-BBS felected, and I doubt not tbatr.1 might f with ¿equal; succès* have; ; follower ifÇ!fm,_ i, J., i, .i-. -, -. . . _, ~h\m if ba bid goos (oto other mattera. Perhaps bethinks that he may shelter himself.behind the Irresponsibility of opposition; bat let 'me tell bim that that doctrine may be pushed to an extreme, and yet never, I believe, bas it been pushed to such extremes as by the right honor* able gentleman. In a few words the right hon- orable gentleman says, "You must' place me upon that bench, and then I will tell you what I. will do." I don't believe, however, that the country will consent to the exchange upon such a condition. Nay, more, I feel the most confi- dent anticipation that both the House and the country will approve of the oourse taken in this difficult, negotiation by her .Majesty's Govern ment,-and.that they will reject's motion which both prudence and patriotism must -alike emphatically condemn. (The right honorable gentleman resumed his seat amidst loud cheering.) 