LECTURES BY THE EKV. W. TAYLOR. IiEctube ok Palestine.— The Bev. W. Taylor (from California), on Monday, delivered at the Wesleyan Chapel, Ysrk-street, an extempore address on Palestine, being one of a series of leotures. Notwithstanding tbe prevalence of moet unfavourable weather, the galleriosaB well «b the body of the commodious edifioe were nearly filled prior to the time appointed for the commencement of proceedings. The chair was occupied by th» Hon. G. Allen, M.L.C., who mtrodnoed the rev. looturer. After some prefatory explanations as to tno dmBion of tne series of leotures intended to be given, the rev. gentleman stated that his eiecotuta was intended to be in a free and easy rather than in a stiff, formal style, so that his bearers need not expect to be fa a strait jacket. He would be free end easy cimBeir, ana gave lamu uiw ithmcbd v» wjvj*»& the B«me position. If they laughed, well and good; it was as legitimate as weeping. They had an example in Abram, who, in an interview with the Lord, got so glad that he fell do m before the Lord with laughter; yet the Lord did not stop him. In opening the subject of the leofure the rev. gentle man f poke of a journey he took into the Holy Land, and, having started from Beyront, he proceeded to describe Nazareth. It had but one fountain, and this was the veri table plaoe at which Joseph the Carpenter, the Virgin Mary, end the Saviour drank daring a large portion of their lives. He (Mr. Taylor) camped for two days near this epot. in order to stndy tbe lads and lasses of the town. The patriarchs of old knew very well where to go to eeleot a wire, for even now you are sure to find the lasses at the fosntains during the day. He gave a description of the cofciumo of tbe females he met here, and spoke rartioularly of the large number ot trinkets, coin, and other valuables worn by the women and children. He presumed they left nobody at home, and, therefore brought all their property out with them. Alluding ta the custom of walling, he eaid the women sometimes went out in boohui to gathor around a new-maide grave to weep and wail, but human nature could not alwajB be cheated, and from what be «««? he had no doubt that many concealed the Mars they did not ehed, and that much of the mourning was put on to order. Panting to Mount Tabor, he described the tents, eneamp menta, pursuits, and predatory charaoter of the Bedouin Arabs, whose flocks were Been in tke valleys around. Travellers in this country generally went in parties, and had numerous guards, but withent professing to have much ooniBge, he went on his own hook to see what ha oould. He happened, however, to fall in with a young man from liODdon who was preparing for the ministry in the Baptist church, and at the widowed mother's request they became companions. This was a beardless, raw-boned youth about aix feat high, college-bred, but evidently destitute of com mon sense. They hired a dragoman, and managed to slip about among the Bedouine very quietly; this, however, Was probably owing to the Bedouins having more attractive prey fa view. In detailing the topography of the country around Tabor, he referred ta many matters ot interest connected therewith, and having touched at Samaria he paused to oombat Coleoso's statement (In contradiction of Scripture) that it was impossible tbe valley between Bbal and Gsrizim oould have contained the tribes of Israel when, by Moses, summoned to assemble there, and that if euohwere the oaaa the tribes oould not have heard the curses and the blessings uttered from the mountains. The rev. leotnrer, in support of the Scripture history, referred to practically ascertained facts and figures, and maintained that a million and a- half of persona oould be accommodated in this valley within dlstinot hearing ol tbe heralds stationed on the mountains. Jacob's Weil, the mode of agriculture, the habitual extortions «l the Government, were treated of in a very Interesting manner. Jerusalem was next brought under notice ; the lecturer only ooreorUy referred to its history, but gave a graphlo and minute description of the otty, its content*, and 'eurrouEoiEg«'— the Church ot the Holy Sepuloare, Mount Morlah, the Temple, moeques, anolent quanies, the Fools of Solomon. Elloam, &o;, the Mount of Zlon, David's Tomb, asd the Garden of Gethnemane, The list named toplo brought the discourse to a close, and the reve rend lecturer then sang a poetloal description ol the agony in the Garden. The roUest attention wn given by the audience, who freely and frequently manifested their apprecia tion of the afftble, almost jocose, and certainly novel style in which the boture was delivered. Life abd Times of Si. Paul.— The second of a series of lecture* by the Bev. W. Taylor, from California, was given on Tuesday evening in the York-street Wesleyan chapel, and again a numerous auditory vm present Mr. J. Damon, who presided, introduced the lecturer. The sub ject was tbe 'Life and Times of St. Paul,' and In opening bis dtaoouree the rev. lecturer described his exounton from Jenualemio the Field of Blood, the Valley of Jdiosaphat, the brook Kedron, the churoh of the Virgin, and ihe plaoe where Stephen was stoned to death. The difference in the Interpretation of the Holy Writings by the Hebrews, whloh gave rise to their division into two note, waa explained, ana Itwas shown that Stephen waa brought into ooUurfonwlth those who mainWtned a literal Interpretation, by whom he was accused 0) blasphemy agtuut Motes aid against God ; fianl (or Fad) of OUIola, a man ft leirnlng, befog; hi. jirowmtor, ana probably the manjof authority to the ordering of hli death; Ihto Bail -wyno flllBurter, but Intended todothlngstooorflngtaUw; hamborsedwtt fiettMnA ctmosBoendtd to mtnnntim. no d«ubt finding toDaniaecue In quest of further victims to his iwnguinary Iiifecutlon that Paul heard tho wtoo train ilenven, — 'Saul, Saul, why porBCcutest thou me,' eLd it war now ho Icarntod that ho was porcecut jrp Jeeus, nrd that. Jams wbp God. Having bnun etruok to 1L0 groul.O, lie arose blind, Bed W&B; led 10 Dttiuasoua. Thi-iene i-ul up at thn house of sne Judas, in Straight-strop!; Jodus proliaWr kefjjirig a tublio-bcuse there. His pre ft-r.co ut this city v-a* much dreaded by the Christians, win hid ihcmeelvee. When the Lord appeared to Annul m u was with Rtcat rcluoianoe that he left hia biding plasa to go to tho house of Judas to Saul, for, notwithstanding the Lord's acturanoep, Ananias had groat fears. This unbj'.iof vna the rout. Mn of the world. Howover, Ananias at V.tglb c:u':e from his beta, wilted down town to the home of Jud&F;, and inquired for Saul of Tarsus, vary likely hoping that it would Lot'ficd him at borne. Foot 81m probably ut the tenie time was expecting the presence of ono cone to avenge the ronrder of brothers and sitters In Jerusa lem. T\ hen Ananias entered the house, he putlii» binds on Fan), fetid him he was sent from Jesue that he might receive hlB eight acd be filled with tbe Holy Ghost. Tbe Boalea fell from Saul's eyes; he was baptised, and straightway preBchid In the »j DBKOguea that Christ was the Bon of God, Stforo bis return to Jerusalem, he made a trip to Arabia ; It might bare been to improve his health or flee from persecution. At Jeiusalcm, tbe Christian brethren suspected Km, but he was introduced to them by a dbolple, Bn£ after working among them for some time he took ship to Tarsus, his native city. The first broadcasting of seed was Immediate-) y after the feast of PenU:ost, when the dis ciples dispersed ta all puts. The; soon after taught among the Genttlec, from whom previously their teaching bad been withheld. Great progress was made In the conversion cf the Greeks at Antlooh, and theapoBtlee In Jerusalem Bent Barnabas thither to see how things were going on. Additional labourers being found beceeeary, Barnabas travelled to Tarsus to bring bis friend Paul. The believers now increased so largely that they acquired tbe diatinotive name of Christians. On their return to Jerusalem, Paul end Barnabas found the Churoh in a state of disgust, not enly owing to the famine then prevailing, but on aoooanC of the persecutions that had arlnetn under Herod Agrlppa, In treating of the history of this prince, who took hie brother Philip's wife, the rev. leoturer said it was a question whether it wss to Philip's low or Herod's gain, when an angel falls it becomes a devil. Through her itfiuence Agrlppa murdered John the Baptist, and by her putting and echemiss; he loet bis kingdom. He died soon alter ber death, but whether through joy or grief it might bo dimoult to cay. There was an epitaph In Texas that possibly was appropriate to their case : ' Underneath this sod doth lie, Back to back, my wife and I, Hoppicr far man when in lire Free from care and free from strife. When tbe lasttrunip the world Bhall fill, If she gets up, I'll just lie etill.' Eerod Anttpas obtained the kingdom with rnuoh additional territory; to him the preaching of the Christians waa a great ofl'ence, and he resolved to put the extinguisher on them. He destroyed Jamex, and the disciples in tbe city were In great distress. The rev. lecturer here described the nnracuIouB delivery of Peter from prison, and, Id alluding to the joy of Mary when he knocked at her gate, took occation to state the difference between religious feeling and the mere boiling over of human emotions. At thin stage of the subject tie lecturer dosed his nddrefB for the LVening.— On Wednesday evening the lecture on the same subject was continued. Mr. J. Caldwell, M.L A., presided. Before proceeding to the regular line of narrative the Bay. Mr.Te.jlor gave a chronological chain extending over thirty years from Peter's delivery from prison, as furnishing a key to many passages of scripture that were otherwise difficult of interpretation. Differing from some of theoommenta tora, he held that there was a period of thirty years from Paul's conversion to the termination of his eventful career, and to demoDBli ate this he minutely traced the time of the travels and snjourcings of the gpoelle as far as history afforded records. Paul's new field of labour embraced Spain, France, and England, but whether he visited those countries or not seemed to be a matter of dispute, and at what pericd he was murdered at Home, he (the lecturer) did sot know. Resuming the narrative at the point at which he closed his address on the previbus evening, he showed that after the miraculous delivery of Peter from prison, HerGd Agrippa ceased hie persecutions, and having visited Tyre on the occasion of a reconciliation after some quarrel, tbe people there, dazzled with his gorgeous apparel, pro claimed him a god. But the Angel of God emote him, and he died a miserable death. Paul and Barnabas, after thle persecution, returned to Anttoch, taking with them John Mark, a nephew of Barnabas. There they found come celebrated prophets and teachers—for instance, MenaeH, Lucius of Cyrene, and Simeon, called Niger, pro bably a man of colour. Soon after the retura of Paul and Barnabas, they were especially set apart for missionary werfc among the Gentller. and, taking John Hark with (hem, they took Ehip at Seleucia and Bailed for Cyprus. Having made a tour through tbe island, they appeared be fore the governor of the country, Tergius Paulas, who deeired to hear them. Here they were opposed by Elymas the sorcerer, who, ne doubt, thought himself the smartest fellow in town, and a power behind the throne ; bat he was rebnked by Paul and etrnok with blindness. They tailed from Paphos to Perga in Pamphylia where John Mark left them for Jerusalem. He was e young mas jost horn home ; he was highly intellectual, clever, of a noble spirit, but had never been out before. What with home-glckneas and eea-sicknesB combined, perhaps he was not very con regoouf, and it might be that being accustomed to inde pendence he did not like to be dependent upon his own resources or the people, like many young ministers of the present day forgetting that they labour for the bread they receive. He might not have compromised his conscience like Jonah, or very likely a whale would have caught him on the road home. There was no charge against his moral character, bnt Paul seemed to doubt his courage and they did not want cowards in their company. From Perga Paul and Barnabas went to Antioch, in PrsBidia, and on the Sab bub tfcey went into the synagogue, and Paul delivered an exhortation. Xco icv. inium-r lu» gave what ne believed to be the elements of Paul's power. He first arrested the attention ef hig hearers, cvercomisg the preoccupation of their minds, then con ciliated them by striking the chords of mutual sympathy ; next, in bis logic (and Paul was one of the greatest logicians the world ever taw; he managed to nnd strong arguments in the faith professed or faots admitted by his audience, and never begged the question ; he followed by showing the oonsoious neoeBBity of a Saviour and atone ment, offering the mediation of Christ for their acceptance, and closing with the warning, ' Behold, ye despisers, and wonder, and perish.' He never laid down as a premise what the people did not admit, and after his major, when be came down with one of his ' therefore*,' he was irre sistible. The rev. lecturer here said he could not see why the pulpit should not be as popular as the stage, as it was in the times of St. John and St. Paul, and would be now if the Gospel were clothed in the same liberal forms, and preached uxdex a demonstration of the Spirit, The next Sabbath the Jews rallied their opposition against Paul and Barnabas, who turned from them to address the Gentiles. But the Jews etirred up the devout and honourable women, and chief men of the oity to persecute Paul and Barnabas, and expelled them from their coasts. Now if any class should be faithful to the Gospel it was women, for by it had they been liberated from slavery. Leaving this plaoe, Paul and Barnabas went to Iconium, where they abode a long time speaking boldly In the Lord, but when they were assaulted by both the Gentiles and the Jens, they fled to Lyetra end Derbe. There they preached and miraculously healed the cripple. Ihey heard a shcut, and on going out to cee what was op, found tbe people crying, that Jupiter had come down to them, and they were leading oxen covered with roses to be offered in saorifloe to Barnabas and Paul. BarnabaB (who was of noble oountenance) they called Jupiter, and Paul they called Merourlus. When the multitude were rebuked and told by Barnabas and Paul that they were only men preaching that the people should tarn from these vanities unto tbe living God, the multitude eaid that if they were not angels they were devils. They stoned Paul until (hey thought he was dead, aud then threw bim to the dogs. There was an instance of the foot that seme of the most wul-stfrrlng narratives are to be found in the Holy Scriptures. Our power of dramatio writing and dramatic) action was derived from the Bible, where Bhaks pere, without doubt, found his grand model. Some thought Paul was killed, and that he had a mlraoulous resurrection. He (the lecturer) thought Paul was rather in doubt whether lie was dead or set. When at Fbilippl Paul, in defanoe of his apostolical charaoter, said he knew a man about fourteen years ago (whether in or eut of the body he conld not tell) caught up through the starry ethereal to the third heaven, the palace of God, where he saw things unlawful for a man te see. The chronological chain brought us back to Lyetra, and Paul's presumed death by atoning, as the 000a eton be thus referred to. But if Paul oould not then tell whether he was alive or not, it would be useless now to risk an assertion on that point. Both his enemies and friends thought him dead. There was, no doubt, a suspension of vital action In the body whilst the spirit went to glory. As his friends were weeping over him h» was in the upper eacotoary getting orders from head-quarters. However, he at length sprang up, embraced his brethren, and the nest -Jbv was preaching at Derbe. At this stage of the subject the rev. leoturer concluded the evening's discourse. The Lambing.— The Pastoral Times, of 30th ultimo, eajs :— We hav* had on Ihe whole a very fine season In the southern part of Btverlna, the lambing being above the average on a number of stations, and taken altogether we believe that the settlers have reason to be pleated on this head. 96 per oent. seems to be the average on some stations. Two large stations in the neighbourhood of Denlliquln have haf a very fine return; In one instance 18,000 Iambs wfli be added, and fa the other 12.000 Jaring the season. Tbe weather too has been moderate, and the deaths among the lambs very taw. In parts of the Middle Darling the season has not been so favourable owing to the flooded state of the oeuntry, and some lossas have been ex peiic-noad, but the part* lately submerged are reported to be veil supplied with young gnu In great quantities. Diecoveet of Silver Oee at Lake Wakatip.— It appears from tbe Queenstown correspondent ol the Olaeo Daily limes that (fiver ha* been found at the head of Lake UTakatlp, ' On the chores of the lake I discovered uveral pieces of quartz rock containing a white metal. I Intend to assay It to-morrow. It ia either metallio silver, palla drflro, or pl&tifiUi;* I am almost certain ft contains the tist- named metal very rich, and would yield, aooordlng to this t peotmen, at least £600 worth of tfiver to the ton ot quartz. It Is worth meatlQnlng as, a valuable discovery, although only a lartp, u Indicating the exbtenoe of silver Id the district. Silver In id ooourrenoe fa more tVwnrable than gold, for it tovarUMy get* riohar In reartrattng tiu 