. ? ? t , ,r ? - III THE WAIF- OF THE WEAR: ' A STORY OF ' CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S EVES. 1 BV MBS. O. MNN^US BANKS. Chapter VII. ' I wtsh to Heaten I had never kend her! for by that acquaintance there came first Pride, then Malice, then Kevenge, then False Witness ; and Murder tirl'd at the door-pin, if he camua ben—. And werena thae pleasant pueflts, think ye, to tak1 up their quurters in ac woman's heart? I trow there was routh o' company.' '»--'? . ? The Antiquary. The Grey Tower demands something more t\ian tho cursory description previously given of it, from its intimate connection with the maiu events of this story. As already told, it was an irregular building, with many angles, and bo constructed that the real* shape and size of ihe edifloe could only be comprehended by a view from a Bteep hill, which enclosed the house and grounds as in an amphitheatre, tho irregular semicircle being broken on the 'right by tho entrance (slightly fenced across) t« « ravine. narrowine to a mere gorge about fifty yards beyond. Down this ravine swept a small stream,' fed by springs in the hill-side, and this, spreading as it emerged from confine ment, coursed round the base of the hill both 'to the right, where it passed under a bridge on i the high-road, and to the left, whero it broke noisily over rooks — a picturesque cascade — then quietly rah and hid itself among the tangled underwood. A small rustic bridge crossed the streamlet close by the ravine, and paths led from it up the hill-sides, winding amongst the trees which clothed the steep — larch and pine, beech and biroh, oak and hawthorn — and leading to mossy seats in shady nooks, commanding views of grounds, or tower, or road. * But when swollen by heavy rains, the stream, o'erleaping its bod as it, left the ravine, formed a fresh one down the .wide-gravelled walk (shaded, by oak and sycamore) which led from the nfetio bridge to tho gothic doorway, and then rushed like a river down tho carriage ; drive to the gates and the road. Within the curve tormea Dy tnis patn, ana between the Towor and tho watercourse, the coach-house, stabling, &c;, had beon built, ns irregular and seini-gothio iu construction as the mansion frowning down upon them. Hero, too, were the rooms for tbo serviug-men, tho doorsjtfd windows of which faced the till, and were Spt ' visiblo from the house. The Grey Tower/itiself was for tho most part three stories high, with threo or four -rooms on each floor, if that could be where no two rooms were pre cisely on the same level/; but over tho entrance hall and stairbaso was a room two or threo feet higher than all these, containing the' only win dow which overlooked the drive and carriage gates. From this landing a steep winding-stair 1o-i tn rhn turret, containinc a small apart ment, entered from a trap-door iu the floor of the room. This place was not more than sis feet square, and was lit by a small diamond window, fronting tho hill, and overlooking the leads of tho main building. ? Ir» a lumber loft olose by, Rboda had stowed away a thiok mattrass, which closely fitted this floor, but which was so constructed that, on raising the trap, a portion of the mattrass larger than the trap itself would riso with it. It lay there, covered with matting and canvass in which funaiture'had been packed, aud no one I exploring^ the premises would have suspected a secret lay beneath. ^^ In' about six weeks the bridal party^M '^turned, and drove direct from the FerrP|B| Station to their new residence, whore* MW Marsh, and Mr. Ilesketh waited with Rhoda to recoive them. Tho greetings on ull hands Wore most oordial (Rhoda's seemed such), and Eva was iu unusual spirits, as though all she gared fat on earth., were present. But poor Mary glanood timidly round, hoping yet fear ing to see Cuthbert, and a look of disappoint ment stole over her faco as sbo mitssod him from the group round the doorway. ? QJd Mr. Hesketh must havo divined what was passing through her mind, for shortly after they had laid aside their travelling robes, and vybilst'Eva was making herBelf acquainted with tV-3. servants Rhoda had, with/much diffi culty, hired for her, he took occasion to tell Jfary that Cuthbert had sailed a fortnight beforoj but had goneouly a very short voyage, and would be in port again in August. ' Meanwhile, honey,' said ho, ' keep up your heart; Outhbort's all right in tho main ! 1 see this unfathomablo woman hero, with her smooth tonguo and .beguiling lips, has some how warped or blinded his judgment ; but trust his old father, who knows him best. He will come to his senses somo day ; and then, child, bo tho good, sensible girl you over havo teen, and weleomo him back without reproach, if you possibly can.' 'But, Mr. Heskoth, I foar that time will not oomo. He avoids me — never writes a lino —and though ho is all affection and regret when he comes into port, if ho only visits Dur ham, I see him no inoro until tho , end of a fresh voyage.' ' Ab, never mind, dear. Sailors are un certain oreatures, and Cuthbert is all impulse. He will be coming to you in hot hasto some of those days, wanting you to marry him off hand j and if he does, take my advico and havo him at hi9 word. You might do worse. Ho is a good sou, and will make a good husband. ? So1 you do as I say, when he gives you a ohanco, and tell your father when you go homo what I have advised.' Af tor partaking of tho repast prepared for tho travellers, it was proposed that Eva and Mary should inspect her future home, to see if evory thina was arranged to her satisfaction.- Tho room in which thoy wcro was on tbo ground floor, containing nlso a small library, and the kitchen, larder, &c;, and housekeeper's room. .On tho floor above was a drawing-room, which overlooked tho ' fern-fringed' cascade and a ?piotiirasque combination of wood and rook behind. ? Eva was in oostaoies at the exquisito ^loveliness of the natural picture seen from the V'tauilioaed 'window, and delighted with the furniture' and draperies, costly and elegant, 1 inodorn yot antique in design, to bo in keeping with the whole structure. Her chamber and ' tlrossing-room adjoining had ueeu visited be ?fore when she arranged her toiletJo ; but now they passed upwards. There were guest chambers, a eorvants' room, and some stops hiehor Rhoda's— tho one withthe window like a Oyolop'fl eye in tho blauk faco of tho build inc. ''?? 'Why Rhoda, whatever induoed you to . ¥'Orch yourself up hew; the very stars would ? bothe death of mo?' oxslaimed hm, with a look of genuine astonishment, whion Marys face reflected. :? . ' Oh, I wish to see something mora than trees and water. I have bad enough of them. The roar of the water-fall is deafening ; I should never sleep in its vicinity. Besides, from this window 1 get only glimpses of the road, and the straggling specimens of humanity who travers it, which can be obtained in this very romantic, but very dismal, apology for a castliv Then, I am not asthmatic ; and can afford a little breath when I have a whim to humour.' ' Well, dear, if you are satisfied, I am. You have really arranged everything so ele gantly and luxuriously hero aa elsewhere, that, taking the large windows into consideration, I think you have not chosen badly. You know your ideas wore always elevated,' and the happy bride laughed at her own faint attempt at a pun. ' But whither does the staircase lead?' asked Mary. ' Oh, to the turret chamber, as it is called, though too small to hold a bed, I should thiok,' onrl ltKniln lprl tli a roav through the tran to tho strip of floor beyond. A glance through the window and at the bare walls was sufficient. They cared not for the cobwebs in tho lumber loft, or the secrets tho spiders kept ; but came back to the habitable rooms with a sense of relief, Eva protesting that she ' Would never go there again.'1 Eva was grateful to her beloved husband for the care and thought he had shown in the selection of the furniture, adornments, articles of comfort or luxury, suohjjas would be sure to please her ;? and as gratified by the taste and elegance her cousin bad displayed in directing the arrangements of the whole. A valuable piano in the drawing room had attracted her attention. It was locked : but, while thanking Frank for all he had done to gratify her, he proffered her a small silver key, and asked for a song.^ On opening the instrument, she read, inlaid in tho rosewood above the keys, 'Frank to Eva,' and clasped her hands in surprise and pleasure at the graceful gift. With but ono exception that was a happy party ; and songs rose from loving hearts and kindred lipj— the mellow toues of theXpiano echoing the harmony of their thoughts/-. Next day, they all sallied forth to traverse the grouuds, Frank leading his dear little wife to every spot likely to interest her — through woodlaud paths, by tho clear stream, now dried by tho sun into a mere rill, and lifting her and Mary over the fence (Rhoda seemed to despise assistance), he led the party up the ravine. As they asceuded, and tho gorge narrowed, the over-archiDg trees on tho high banks shut out the sun, and left the gurgling water in deep shadow. ' Oh, what a gloomy place, Mrs. Raeburn. Do let us go back. I shiver to think how murderous- a spot this' looks. I wonder if a murder ever was committed here ! said Mary, with a shudder, as she turned to retrace her steps. \ ' Not that 1 am awate of, Miss Reed,' re plied Frank. ' I never heard there was a blood-stain on the land- though there has been wrong aud suffering xn^cars gone by.' ' Wrong and suffering ! Why, Frank, what aro you talking about ? You have not had the place threo months, yet you speak as if you had known all about it years ago.' ' 1 was born here, my Eva ; and my heart broken mother died. You will remember her story ? I left the old tower in boyhood, it is ^rue; but it has never fadod fiom my memory, k is the home of my anoestors, aud doubly dear ™ me Bince you, dear wife, were chaimed with it. and selected it for our home unconsciously.' ' You surprise me !'' said Rhoda. ' But certaiuly I thought, for a stranger, you were a remarkably efficient guide.' Eva's reply was an upturned faco to meet her husband's loviug kiss— no word. Rhoda was more than' surprised. She was chagrined beyond measure, to find that Eva had not only shut her out from the love of the man she worshipped, but become mistress of an ancestral domain ' worthy of her ambitious spirit— lost upon a chit like Eva!'! and, if possible, her malignity intensified threefold. Over these sullen and revt- ngeful thoughts she would sit and brood for hours, while Eva and Frank were up and away over the grass aiid under tho trees, iu the blessed sunshine of life and love, as well as tho summer sky, gathering health and cheerfulness with every step they took, or every flower they pulled ; and now, that tho woods wero oarp'eted with late prim roses and hyacinths, Eva seldom came back without a nosegay of Flora's wilding gems. Often would they speak of Rhoda's now born tasto for seolusion, and her kindness in taking off Eva's bauds all care for domestic matters, little thinking that the sight of their happiness was gall aod wormwood to her, or that from tho ' Cyclop's eye' in her room she watched them with a scowling brow, a clen ched bund, and bitter muttered maledictions. June passed, and July and August came, scorching the foliage ajvd ripening the grain. Frank had been busied' with improvements about the long-neglected demesno; Eva with little, feminine trifles to adorn her borne, or presents to Rboda and JfranK. And so.to none did tho months seemed slow, but to impatient Rhoda. But August brought the Polly ; and the Folly's master found a letter awaiting him, signed Evo — a letter imploring her dear Cuth bort to haston to the Grey Tower, if only for a few hours,as sho was dyiug to see him, and tho restraint of her situation and her efforts to dis guise her feelings had become unsupportable ! How many letters bear two interpretations ? —locks, with separate keys ! To Cuthbert this was the language of love, and excessive and vehement, struggling against tho fear of of fending kind rolatives by her rejection of a suitor favoured by them. True, Dr. Grove had a son, whom he had seen at the pic-nio and the wedding breakfast, whose attentions to Rhoda were marked ; and Mr. Marsh certainly thought him an eligible matoh, but left matters to take their course. And Dr. Grove, had he .dreamed of such a poasibility, would have opposed strenu ously. No— only Rhoda'a heart held tho true key of her missive. The frank seaman, whose education had been completed at a ropo.send on shipboard, was no match for the finished schemer. Frank and Eva were delighted to see him, and Rhoda, too. She could not work without tools, and ehc had craved, longed for the re turn of the guileless instrument of her villainy ; and hero he was, her willing, plastic slave. Frauk desired to show Cuthbert his improve ments. Eva and Rhoda wero not willing to be left behind, f o the four rambled through tlTe grounds together. Ab thoy went, Rhoda impressed upon Cuthbert the necessity of pay ing* attention to Eva, not only as bis hoatesB, and the newly-made wife, but the more effec tually to conceal their own attachment — dis- pleasing to the family on many accounts. She would contrive opportunities to speak with him alone without suspicion, if he would leave all to her, and act as she directed. Accordingly Cuthbert pluyed into her hands. He and Eva strolled through the woodland together, as old friends would ; and Eva made use of the occa sion to question Cuthbert respecting Mury, and his evident neglect of her valued compa nion, and remonstrated with him on his grow ing attachment to Rhoda, a girl in no way suited to him. Eva was vory much in earnest, and her whole manner betrayed the iuterost their conversation bad for her. ' Captain Hcsketh's arrival seems to have put Mrs. Raeburu into extremely good spirits. How very animated sho seems,' remarked Rhoda to F.ratik, with seeming inadv.ertance, as she watched them from the drawing-room window pass along a winding-path which fol lowed the stream to the cascade, then turned away into tuo plantation ueyona. ' Oh, ah, yes ; they are very old friends, and Eva generally has a good flow of spirits,' replied he, with apparent unconcern, yet suffi ciently interested. He joined Rhoda at the window, with, perhaps, the very faintest inti mation of u disagreeable sensation in his breast — not removed when they came in, Eva flushed with excitement, and Cuthbert evidently ill at ease. He was obliged to return to his vessel that night, and somehow, Frank did not press him to remain as earnestly as he might have done. A few days after, as Eva was about to step into the carriage to accompany Frank to Dur ham, whero he had business with Mr. Hes keth, Rhoda desired her privately to call at the post-office for her, and aik if a letter was waiting for E. M. If so, to bring it. With bo mo reluctance, and much astonishment, -Eva promised compliance ; not, however, without a protest against couuiving at any clandestine correspondence, aud assurance it would be the first and last time she would lend herself to that which must be wrong, sinoe it involved Eecreoy and deception. Rhoda appeared much struck with this view of the case. But Cuthbert had been so very assiduous— so very pertinacious. She had found it impossible to shake him off, and had only consented to a clandestine correspon dence, ' lest she should openly break with Mary, and iucrcaso his persecution of herself. Odd motives, certaiuly ; bu.fc Eva was uo sophist. She bad a clear perception of broad right and wrong, but no skill to analyse a spe oious argument. Eva left her husband at Mr. Ilesketh's office, and, as the post-offioe lay in her route to her father's, ordered the coachman to set her down there ; and she herself obtained the letter, tho clerk eyeing her curiously all the while. It wat not tho first lottcr to E. M. which had passed through their bands, but u lady closely veiled had hitherto called for them ia an evening. Tho billet deux, amongst a profusion of affectionate protestations, contained this para graph : — ' I shall hail the Grey Tower in three or four days, and shall bring with me tbo rigging to convert you iuto as tight a little cabin boy as ever trod a deck.' And so ho came. Remained a day or two; and, as his chamber was up tho staircase mid way between the drawiug-room and Rhoda's retreat, there was no difficulty, save delicacy, ia passing the said rigging from one to the other unnoticed, or maturing any plans they thought fit. Eva, very much annoyed at what she deemed Cuthbert's faithlessness to Mary, and his duplicity in seeking Rhoda's affections in an underhand manner, lectured him continu ally whenever she had an opportunity ; and besought him earnestly not to resign his first faith for one, sho was convinced, who had no permauent regard for him. Placod in a di lemma, he promised to see Mary on his return, and make ' all right' just to soothe Eva's irra tation, and rid himself of an unpleasant entor. At this juncture, Frank, who. .had been watching the two somewhat uneasily, asked, as lightly as he could, ' What are you and Captain Hesketh discussing so warmly ? .May not I bo admitted to your council?' ' JNq, Mr. Uurious, you may not. it is a secret on no account to bo divulged until the Polly has sailed. You shall know then, and not one. minute before, answered Eva, play fully patting her dear husband's clustering curls as she spoke) Two days before tho Polly sailed, Mr. Rae burn was summoned to London on urgent busi ness, the nature of which ho would not dis close even to Eva. ' So you see, darling, I have my seoret aa well as you,' were his words as he stepped into the carnage and drove away. It was the first time they had beon separated for a day since their union, and sbo felt a sort of presentiment of evil threatening him on his journey. All the accidents sho ever read crowded into her mind, and she sat down in a fit of despondency- — then, as her mood changed, burst into tears, and sobbed with great vehemence. Rhoda'6 plans were now ripe. Sho induced the agitated Eva to retire to rest, and have a strong cup of tea to allay tho headaoho caused by weeping.. Iuto this sho infused a strong narcotic, so that when a domestic was sent to summon her mistress to the evening meal, sho found her on the bed, dressed, but in a deep sloep, from which it was ordorod she was not to be disturbed. '* Next morning, Mrs. Raeburn did not come down stair3 at her usual Hour. Breakfast .„„; tn,1 A) lnnnd. T?linf4.i «i-nt, rr- nnniiirfi if she would breakfast in her own room, or should it wajt until she dressed ? ... Martha called and knocked, but received no answer; again, 'louder, and no reply. Alarmed, sho opened the door, and finding the bed empty, rushed down to Miss Wearbank, with conster nation in her faco. Rboda affected to laugh at her terror, and,, saying that Mrs. Raoburn was very likely in her dressing-room, went lightly up the stairs, followed by tho girl. Not. in the dressing room — not in tho' room above— -not in Rhoda's apartment. Gone! Whither? Rhoda olaspod her bands, and paced aboirt, as though wild with agony, talking strangely to \erEclf the' while; the terrified servants listening with eager ears (of course, sho did not observe them). ' I thought it would come to this. Oh ! ifl had hut warned him! How shall I break iti to her father ?— to Mr. Rae burn ? What shall *I do ?' Then, as though a new light broke upon her, ahe said, ' Per haps, after all this commotion, our fears are vain. Mrs. Raeburn may simply have gone fot an early morning walk. Let the grounds be searched, I myself will go in quest of her.' Every path, every nook was explored— every yard of ground traversed in vain. No Eva could be found ! Tbero were terrible news for Mr. Raeburn when he returned home, elated with the suc cess of his enterprise. Terrible news. The strong man was struck down as by a musket shot, and bled internally. Dr. Grove had been sent for by Rhoda. ' She could not break the news to poor Frank — she could not witness his agony !' At first Mr. Raeburn would not believe that Eva was gone. ' Fled from him. It was im possible ! Had the pond been dragged ?' ' Yes.' ' Had the woods been searched.' ' Yes.' . 'The Tower?' ' Yes.' ' Had no clue to ker flight been obtained ?' ' No ! Miss Wearbauk has not presumed to disturb drawers or papers until your re turn,' said the good Doctor, regarding him with looks of deep commiseration. A search was made in his presence. Drawers were ransacked to no purpose, except that her jewels were missing; but, at last, in a small inlaid maple desk — Frank's gift to Eva during their smooth courtship — were found several letters, addressed to E. M. ? and rough drafts in her writing (so closely was it imitated), of one or two commencing, ' My dearest Cuth bert/' and signed, ' Your loving Eva.' There was a clue., indeed ! The Eailor's dress — the date of her flight— her tetea-tetes with Cuth bert —the secret he would learn when the Polly sailed — all, all, confirmed the suspicion. She had eloped, and was gone to sea with Cuth bert. Cuthbert, the false-hearted groomsman — the traitorous friend ! , ' It was well Dr. Grove was there. The wretched husband, robbed so foully of the wife he doatcd on, was almost frantic; he raved like one insane, and only bleeding and sedatives brought him to reason after a few days. Mr. Hesketh was astonished when he heard of it, and vowed ho would discard his son. for ever. Mr. Marsh had to be told. But how ? Gently as Dr. Grove disclosed tho sad intelli gence, it broke over him like a thunder-cloud, and smote him with paralysis! Holiest Martin, true as steel, was the only one who doubted tho evidence. He swore he'd ' no believe it o1 Miss Eva, if all tho angels in Heaven were to say it. It was a lie — a black, scandalous lie ; and he'd prove it some day, or Ills nnmA OT:iq nnf. tVlnrtin !' Enquiry strengthened conviction. Tho coachman remembered stopping the carriage at the post-office, while Mrs. llacburn called for a letter, which he saw in her hand. A sailor boy had been seen walking briskly down the road from the gates in tho direction of Durham at two in the morning. That sailor was Rhoda, hastening to post a letter to Cuthbert. It ran thus:' — ' Fool — Did you think that I, Rhoda Wear bank, spurned and insulted by your relitives, would ally myself to them 1 That I should throw myself away upon a wavering dolt like you ! That I wciuli! bear the li.-itcd name of lieskelh. No. I vowed, when first I saw you. to trample on your heart as your sister trampled on mine. I have done it. I spurn you. I havo used you as a tool to work my will elsewhere, and now cast you aside. My work is completed. The ' sailor's rigging suits me admirably. 1 he sailor posts this. Captain Hesketh may s til without his wife) and look in vain for bis particularly loving — Eva.'1 The letter lost its sring; Eva's words had awakened Cuthbert's- slumbering senses. As he returned to his ship, he revolved in his mind the phantasmagoria of late events with more acumen than might have been expected, analysed acts and words, and made comparisons between tho modest girlie had neglected ana tho ono who had shamefully thrust herself bet ween them. Eva's assuranoo that Rhoda did not love him did its duty. He sought Mury — 'as his father had foretdd — laid bare his heart before her, confessed his infatuation, his wavering, and prayed her to be his wife at once, if only to save him from that designing woman. Ho had the license. Her father married them, and she sailed with him in the Polly. Had Rhoda called for another letter to E. M., sho would ? havo learned tuis. lie receivea ners where he thought to have received . her — on tho deck of the Polly, an hour before she sailed. He crushed it in his hand, and threw it into the water. Mary was -sure of him henceforth. And where was Eva? Where? In the closely mattrassed tiirret-chumber — a hopeless prisoner. Carried thither by Rhoda at mid night, during her drugged, sleep— for sho was light and Rhoda strong, and doubly 6trong with bate (tho fiends help those who do them servioo such as this), and there she found her self on waking. She wept and screamed, and etrovo to tear up tho mattrass from the trap ; but all in vain. No one heard--no one oSme.; the mattrass was secured beneath. There was food by her side, and a note from Rhoda. -' Eva — You won and married the man I loved'. I stood behind the crimson- curtains, and heard Jus first confession on that memorable New Year's Eve. I vowed to 8' parate you ! I have done so. You see him no more. He deems you false,.and me a pitying angel. Am I not revenged ? — Kuoda.' Who shall venture 'to picture the sorrow, the agony of that chaste young wife on reading this — agony to last through days and weeks and months of solitude asd tears. . Nightly the trap was lifted and supplied; and after weary weeks a book or two. No more. Soon the old rumours of ' the ghost ' were afloat. Herd-boys, tending the sheep on the hill, had seen a white face at the glass of the window, and run affrighted home. Martha would not remain ; the housekeeper gave notice to leave, the very grooms were infected. Rhoda laughed at these superstitious tours ; but did not convince the frightened domestics. At this crisis, it was resolved to break up tho establishment of Mr. Marsh, and remove^him, with his two old retainers, to the Grey Tower, much to Martin's satisfaction, though sadly against Nancy's inclination. But she was soon conciliated ; Miss Rhoda was ' so kind — ao considerate,' as Nancy told Martin afterwards. Sho would not suffer her at her age to climb so many stairs'to the proper servant's room ; but had a bed made up for her in tho late house-' keeper's room on the ground-floor. Very con siderate And Master, too, is to have a bed in poor, dear Mrs, idieburn's dressing-room ! Isn't she thoughtful ?' ' Thoughtful, bo hanged ! It is some of her scheming. I'll never believo but she's made away wi' our puir bairn, somehow or other. ? Murdered her, mayhap ! But you hold your ' tongue, Nance, and I'll ferret it out.' After awhile, he added, ' I don't know what's come to Towzer 6ince we came hero. He whines, and moans, and barks at times most fearful.' ' Belike he sees and hears something we cannot — something awful !'' ' Belike ho does nought o' th' sort. He may bear and scent what's in th' wind ; and we'll see I' But he did not ferret it out. Padded floors and stone walls keop secrets long, especially when isolated so far above inhabited rooms. Frank lost all his energy, his activity. .Rhoda 6trov.e in vain to waken in his heart a spark of foeling for her. He was insensate as ever to her advances. Was grateful for her little attentions, and thanked her kindly ; but she bad not the Promethean fire to kindle the dead love. He would sit for hours by Mr. Marsh's side, reading aloud, or assist Martin to place the invalid in the carriage for -an airing; but he never seemed to care for himself or his possessions. Seldom went abroad, and so the rumours respecting his spiritual guests never reached his ears. One day, a sturdy/ gipsy woman, with a pedlar's basket, met .fthoda at the gate, and, after offering her wares, asked, mysteriously, ' If she had seen the Bpiiit yet?1' ' Spirit,' said 22boda. ' What spirit ?'» 'Oh, the ghost to be sure — the white lady that walks.' ' There are no worse spirits here than whis key or brandy, my good woman,' and i£boda turned away scornfully as sho spoke. ' Stop, proud lady. There is a worse spirit than those. It is the evil spirit before me. I read the stars aright. There is murder in your eyes — murder in your heart. An evil spirit walks abroad in you !' and the woman shook her head, aud muttered as she went along. .fthoda stood transfixed. Had the woman, indeed, power to search the heart. Was mur der truly lurkiug there ? It might be so, for moodily she wandered through the wood, and on to tho ravine, ere she wandered homo. Winter advanced rapidly. December's snow was on the ground, thick and deep, aud frost bad set iu above it. The Polly was expected in port, and Mr. i2aoburn had gone to confront Cuthbert when he landed. Eva, in her wretched prison, worn and ema ciated, yet preserved her lovo for Frank, her faith in Heaven, and hoped for deliverance. Whence could it come? From TShoda? Death only could deliver her from her diabolical faugs. And i2hoda began to think Eva's death essential to her own security. Frum ibe dispatch from his Grace the Duke ut Newcastle, the following are the number of officers and men appointed- to the several coionie-',^ with the amounts per annum which each colony is ex pected to contribute to the Home Government on their account:— New South Wales, 359 men, .£14,369; Victoria, 445 men, £17,800 ; South Australia, 172 men, £6880; Tasmania, 27b men, £10,400; Queensland, 91 men, £:;610. Adelaide telegrams report tliat ihere are 30,000 tons of flour for shipment iu excess of local require ments. This fact ought, we conceive, to allay any feverish speculation as to short supply, hubse quenlly, the amount av.iil ible is stated to he less, hut no doubt exists as to the quantity being large. The Government Agricultural Statistics, recently published of the late harvest, show an increase of 15,500 acres sown, and 850,000 bushels reaped, over Ihe previous year. 