SHAIiSPEARB. Three hundred years have passed away] Since honored Shakspcare's natal day; Queen Bess and her majestic train, Whose like we ne'er shall see again; Have songht.with him that mystic bourne • From Mience no travellers o'er return, r'J Unless as came the Royal Dane, . " - * ' Or Ban^uo's ghost to Cawdor's Thane. ~ > • n. r :i, Say, regal lady, where «rt Ihon, And where the jewelled Leicester now, V M'here warlike Raleigh, England's pride, ^ :And*rtH who for their country died? And.thon; great Shakspeare, mighty shade, : For every tongue and nation made, S»y, dwe'Iest thou on blissful shore, ; With God's Archangels evermore. ih. Thy name and fame, O. chief of men/ The vast creations of thy pen •fchail live within all hearts for aye, When thrones and kings have passed away; What carcth he for sculptured stones \\\ ho dweUeth in oar hearts and homes, .Nor monnraeuts, nor marble bust, TYho liveih when they all are dost? rv. •• Lo, hoary Lear, in frantic rage, And fiery Tybalt struts the stage; \- T here Romeo and his gentle dnme,1 \- And there the " noblest Roman " cameI lamed Egypt's Queen and gallnnt Maro, Great Talbot and the Maid of Arc, And other Lords anrl dames advance Upon the plains cf sunny France. •" . . v. -.. There bearded Edward battles won, And there the sable Prince, liis son, — See Harry Monmouth glory seek, - • ' And mighty Pistol eat the leek;' - 1 • See fickle John submissive go, To kiss the haughty'legate's toe; There Austria with his akin of calf, And there sixth Harry's better half. \- - VI. *_ The wolf of Franco, with vengeance rings, 'Gainst Warwick, builder up of kings, I*icJge breaking Clarence pots bis foot T . By tar too deep in Malmsey butt; The fated princes—dreadful hour, Are smothered in the ghastly tower, " • And crooked Richard's force ! to yield. Both crowu and ltfe on Bos worth field* vn, And now the roses red and white, Blood drenched and faded re-unite, And Harry Tudor, grim Aod cold, Broods oVrhis hoarded bags of gold. Next burly Harry and his wives, j Of short and most unhappy lives, And Wolsey with his stockings red Bath much ado to save his head. • - -■* V1II# • ^ Hey presto, now we backward go To second Richard Bleeped in woe, Whilst Buliogbroke with traitor smile, Doth him of throne and life beguile, Jack Cade in wrath strikes London • stone, ..And Tyler bravo defends bis home;- - Then tierce Glendower with sword and flame, And headlong Harry Hotspur came. .• ~ . rx. See Bolingbroke's most princely son, : With horjy burly stout Sir John, ; ^ bo fought so long by Shrewsbury clock. • f. Who did his men in buckram knock, . Who bad (he said) in battles been, Andboldly slew-the men in green, ■ • Hoge-bowJs of sack he bids come ODj And- Francis cries Anon, Anoul ■ ■ x. ■ ■ Now change the scene, where bonndeth free The azure billows of tho s»ea; j - See storm-tossed men on island cast," ''-■■■ ' Sec shattered bark and splintered mast;" Prospero, from bis coral cave, ' Sole monarch he of bouuding wave, ' 1 With hweet Miranda roams the strand; Perchance some shipwrecked soul might land. • - - - - XL • There, see the type of brnial man, The rugged drunken Cahbin, Trioculo and his swinish hoat - With drunken revels strew the coast, "While Arifcl skiras from pole to pole, And Naiadro'erthe waters roll, • " ' AVhile-lovers in the perfumed grove Have owned the mighty power of love, xir. Again we change—the swarthy Moor Cons false Iago'a story r>Vr, - *■ - And Desdemona in her sleep, lie sends to dark olliviondeop, Alas, too late he finds now-wrong To listen to a lying tongue, * - For his lost wife his latest sigh, ' And on his sword doth calmly die. ; * XTIT, Forget we not ths wondrous hole, ■ Where Pyramas to T'hisbe siole, : . Of Snug and Bottom thiuk we o'er, And of the awful Lion's roar, Andlg where Shylock wildly rails ; With sharpened knife and balanced ecalei. While Portia to ihe wily Jew Proclaims the law and gospel too. 1 ' xnv ' ■ ■ ■ . ■ " There Hamlet with the gleaming blade, Puisues his murdered father's fhade, - At midnight hour, e'er coming morn Doth warn it to its place return. . ■ Ophelia—fair, bewildered, strays, Lamenting o'er departed days, And roams raid flowers that soon shall waTA' Their perfumed" blosso m s o'er her grave. ■ T,' XV. ■ With Rosalind now lei as rove, Amid the windings of the grove, And there the brave Orlando see "Under the shady greenwood tree." There,'-wbere the living waters run;' " There, where the fairies thither come, /There, with the gentle Jacques stray, . From the. cares of the world far away, - ..V :• -v. xvl -■ Mob the Queen and her host are there, There Is the homo of the Zephyr-fair, i,' Over the mountain, the vale and sea, Who, will fly from the world with me ? ■ ; Away' on. ihe wings, of the lightning pale, !-V- ? Away by the house of the frost and hail, * Thousands of leagues through the milky way, Dwelhwith me in an endless day • • >. j; - ■ ^ .!. ■ xvn. ' Now they fly through the witches' glen, And hunt with them for the souls of men, With; midnightbags on broomstick high, Through flaming regions of the sky • Then round the deadly cauldron whirl \- There where tbe fiery serpents twirl ' Ye fiends beware—by the riven tree* ;3 Macbeth^ the fell destroyer sec. * t XVIII.. . . Adonis slain by cruel boar, rrShall meet the Queen of Love no more, * And quenched is horrid Tarqnin's pride Through whom the chaste Lucretia died, : See there the Royal Scottish line, ' ' There Imogen and Cymbeline, Sir Toby 8nd Olivia fair, And sly Malvolio gartered there, '.'.'in- ' ■■■ v ' The sweet Ann Page with look demure, Eyes Master Slender o'er and o'er. And there Sir Hugh with toasted cheese . ,Doth merry wives of Windsor please; 'And justice Shallow—lack-a-day, We have htm now not far away, \ And ih-j* for Page we vainly look, * Right surely we have Ma*Ur Brooke ! xx. Dogberry—ha, I pee him now, With solemn self-sufficient brow, And grave request to all who pass Tuat tiny would write him down an ass; And th?re behold his drowsy mate, Great Verges of the addled pate, Hail worthy pair of wit sublime, Ye live in every age and clime. XXI. Coriolanus, where ait thou— And where thy pomp and glory now ? Great Julius, thine Imperial home Is now, alas, the strangers' home. Bat 0, the glorious land to free In Garibaldi—Brutus see. The sovereign city of the world Shall freedom's banner rear unfurled, xxn. Thus fur, great Sh;«kM'tare, king of men, Have I with random thought and pen, Jn-t j-'t'ed down in humble way, For, O ! thy praise, most glorious Will, R*qaifeth an a»g«*!icqatU From some 1 right s» raph's mighty wing; Such only should thine anthem ring, xxm. Not piles of iDOnnmcntui stones Slnuld uesrcrat" thine honored bongs— Not columns pointing to the sky— -Nor yet of puny meu the cry Of fulsome cam «1- grade thy nftine; Or sully mighty Slmkspenrt'g feme. Aye! small indeed, the men to flout At ho who wrote of Roundabout. XXIV. Great Thr.cberey, what carcth thou For sneers of petty mortals now? Pule, haggard imps, whose bleating eyes Face not :he glories nf the skies. In midnight silence calmly coue To kindrt d spirits round the tl rone * Thou Mukepiece cf the geniai heart, Tbe peace of God is w here thou art. xxv. And now, on great Saint George's Day, In this fair region, far away, A humble rhymer, sad and lone, Prays God to bless his island lvme— The land of Sbakspcare and the brave, Of storm-bound coast and foaming wave. Of rural cot and shady di ll, Land of my fathers 1 fare thee well! O, man of open hand and heart, ■ Kind Fortune send thee hippier times. To thee, Georce Coppin, ere we part, I here inscribe the3e lowly lines. I „ , Wi Bnix Juvnii Qcelong, 33rd April, 1864, A -Pabisiait-Waiter.—A few days aeo a gentleman Rave a dinner at the Cafe de Foie Uras. V:It ;Was a "dinner do luxe;" potage a la bisque." filet de seumon a la belle fiancep, pate de sanglier en saphi, canard sauvage, eance orange—so every one was got up in his best clothes. H st tahes his seat at the table. Enter active waiter, with potage, who runs up against a chair, and helps host plentifully to htEque.on the back of his coat. "Waiter deso lated—host elevated—a tow ensues. "Mon sieur," says the-waiter, " I am a pig, and an unhappy--pig;:-yet, if monsieur, who seems so amiable, 1 can remedy the ill.- Happily my brother is" A- dfgrisseur, actually in the street where monsieur dines. If monsieur would give the coat; all should be arranged in ten minutes", Host consents; takes off his coat, in pocket of which are purse and cigar case, and sits down to eat his dinner in a warm Inverness cape. Dinner is eaten ; but no coat. Landlord sent for, and says he only hired waiter en supplement lor the day, and knows nothing qt .him. Party breaks up, and host, having borrowed money to pay the "addition," goes coatl ss to bed. INenteaie, however, took him' on Friday to dine at other cafe, "whore; he discovered and arrested :tho garson who was found to have whole wardrobes of coats in pledge. I : 