? THE ITORROll TN THE UOUSJi (Continued Jiym our lust.) ' I cannot tell what feeling p xc-esse-.l mo, but, like May herself, I longed tor solitude, and, instead of proceeding to the music-room, stole into an intervening apartment, ami presently began to weep. 1 A soft hand touched me; it \v;,s Mrs. Callendcr, whom i" had not noticed sitting in the darkening room, and who, moved by my grief, came and sat beside me, whispering broken \yords of consolation. ( The house was hashed in the deepest silence, broken only by a soit voice— Violet's—breathing rather than singing some verses of the trustful psalm: Thou dost my wondering soul reclaim, And, to Thy endless praise, Instruct with humble zeal to walk In Thy most righteous ways. I pass the gloomy yale of death From fear and danger free, For there r The voice of the weeping singer broke. In the pause, there was, or seemed to be, a faint call from the sick-chamber.. Other ears had fancied it too, for Violet and the rest were already in the passage, and in another moment all had assembled in the 4 n g e l~ chamber. 1 There they lay, both asleep, the kitten, and the Uttle maid; but my little maid shall never wake again till the resurrection.' • Grandpapa was silent for a few foments, then resumed ip, his accustomed tone:. ' After a very brief interval, No. 23 found another occupant in the person of Colonel Robert Doulton, a stern warrior of the Wellington school, who had served in the Indian wars, and now, at the express suggestion of a London physician, brought down his invalid wife, to derive what benefit she might from the cheerful scenery and salubrious breezes of a notoriously healthy neighbourhood. 1 Mrs. Doulton—rif the pale phantom that had travelled in a couch-carriage, and been borne up. to the chief bedroom in the arms of one strong maid, deserved the name of a living being—was the object upon which her lord—a man of iron, resolved, unmalleable, self-indulgent—lavished all his love and care. Nothing could exceed the solicitude with which he watched the fluctuations of her disorder, and assembled round her every imaginable object calculated to distract the pains, or tranfluill'ise the mind of his, beloved patient. The physician Dr.T , came down once a week, to. resolve himself that his prescriptions were accurately followed, to dine sumptuously with the colonel, and to receive the fifty-pound note which so "oorly recompensed his lost afternoon ! while littlo Mr. Mawry, the apothecary, received orders to look in at least once in the oourse of every day. ' In spite of these arrangements, the generally received opinion that Mrs. Doulton w ould never quit that splendid chamber alive grew and strengthened. ' Old Charlotte, the charwoman, who had no more buisness in that house than I—less, indeed, for had I not buried my heart there, while she had only secreted her pattens ?— she, I say, contrived to reconnect herself with the establishment, and, upon those pattens, walked quietly back into, its service. 1 Charlotte asserted—and they believed- her —that, no matter what number- of regular servants in a house, these was always, room for a charwoman. The reports she brought, in her clinkings to and fro, were gloomy in the extreme. Mrs. Doulton seldom quitted her bed—never her apartment. As for the colonel, he spent the greater part of the morning at his wife's bedside, reading to or Conversing with her; then he rode or walked out for an hour, and returning, passed the hours till dinner in the Angel-room, which he chose to make his study; engaged in the preparation, of a work ^elating to his campaigns in India, The physician was theii sole London visitor; and of the neighbours, the good rector, who received a cordial welcome, and Mr. Mawry, alone had access to the drawing-room of No. 23; ' Thus passed about two months, when, on a certain morn of August) the dark prognostications of old Charlotte and party were signally confounded by the appearance of Mrs. Doulton upon the gravelled terraces in a Bath chair. She was decidedly better. Close beside her stalked her tall dark husband^ rubbing his hands, and eyeing his well-nursed partner with fond complacency, as he saw that face, which must have been a sweet and pleasant ope in other days, brighten with gratitude and pleasure under the influence of the soft free air, and the sense of returning vigour. " ' They took many turns together, and went home at last with, manifest reluctance; the invalid, as if vain of her renovated strength, disdaining the ready hand that offered to. reconduct her across the threshold. * A day or two later, Mr. Mawry, who had already, as he confessed to his wife, experienced some slight twinges, of conscience on the score of receiving a daily fee for his needless visits, was stopped by the. colonel as he crossed the hall-, and invited- to remain and partake of the dinner at that moment about to be served 1 Mawry was fond of a good dinner. He sniffed and accepted. * The repast, though, to all appearance, a visitor "had not been expected, was of the most costly description, slightly eastern in character, varied in feature, perfect in detail. Host and guest agreed in postponing mere intellectual pleasure to the great business of the hour; and it was only when, the banquet finished, they drew chairs to the window, and began sipping their claret, that the colonel put forth his powers of conversation. Even then Mr. Mawry fancied that he glaneed from, subject to subject rather too abruptly, and was revolving in his secret soul whether his host was endeavouring to astonish him with his stores of knowledge, or whether his mind, was in truth preoccupied with, some deep matter, the remembrance q£ which he sought to drown in desultory talk, when, the colonel suddenly rose, and, going to a bookcase, took down a large and small volume, and. handed the latter to the visitor,. Mawry saw; that it was in some omental character, in. paragraphs, numbered and lettered. I'he colonel, then changed volumes, and; showing Mawry that he now held an English translaticm, reduested him to name any paragraph throughout the work, which he, ihe colonel holding the original, would render into literal English* ' Mawry did as lie^vas desired, naming in success-ion four or five passages of considerable length, all of which his host read off in English with perfect ease and correctness. He then laid the books aside. " Now, sir, feel my pulse," were his next words. ' Mawry obeyed. It was not a full beat but regular and modera tely fast. " A:u I in health, think you ? Chest and lungs all right." " Do you wish ine to examine with the stethescope ? 1 have it v/ith me." The other absented, and Mr. Mawry, through the medium of that plain speaker, ascertained that all was sound. " And I am not mad ?" 'The dqctor stared. " I have conversed collectedly upon many different topics, and have translated with literal accuracy several passages from the most involved and difficult of eastern writers. Are these proqfs sufficient ?" ' Mawry bowed an affirmative. " Now, doctor, I am going to ask you a curious question. Remember, I do not speak in figures. Simply and plainly—can a man taste death V* ' Mawry could not forbear a start. < ( I will explain furthersaid the colonel. "Once in three or four days—sometimes more frequently—I experience a sensation so difficult to describe, that I was driven to the adoption of the simile that caused your surprise. It is like-4ike a poisoned cloth flung suddenly over my whole face. Eyes, nose, mouth, are impregnated with its horrible presence. I shudder, from head to foot, with an indescribable mixture of loathing and rage. In a second, it is gone—I am as well as ever. Have you, in your experience, met with such a case ? I am not given to idle fancies. When I tell you, doctor, that I have been, present in eleven battles, have passed nights among dead and dying creatures, witnessed every phase of the terrible side of war, ycu may believe that my nerves are not easily shaken. But I will own that the circumstance have alluded to, in its singular recurrence, gives me considerable uneasiness; and fearing that, should the horror seize me in my wife's presence, the change of countenance I cannot control might occasion her grave alarm, I resolved to take your opinion on the subject. Let me have it." ' Mawry pondered deeply for a moment. He was struck with the coincidence of the symptoms described with those which had afflicted May Callender. Some whisper of the supernatural agency to which they yrfflje attributed had reached him in one oi* other of his frequent visits, but his mind was devoid of the slightest taint of superstition, and his itopjjghts now set strongly in quite another direction. " Can you recall," he presently asked, " the first occasion on which this sensation occured ?" "Let me see. No. Stay—yes. I had been chatting with my wife, had partaken of her afternoon-tea, and was returning to my study." " It happens more frequently after meals ?" " No I think not," said Doulton, reflecting. " You take refreshment sometimes during the day; you Indian gentlemen must have your tiffin," and perhaps, in the intervals, a glass of pale ale or soda-water." "Possibly," said the colonel, whose attention was languishing. " I believe I do." " Brought to you by the butler, eh ? What claret this is ! Tredway, then, is always your cupbearer—eh, colonel ?" " I suppose so—I forget. Really,. I car. hajrdly tell you. Sometimes Tredway, sometimes Mahmoud, sometime, eh—ah!" The colonel yawned. << Sometimes ?" "•Old Charlotte, I think' they call her. An old - woman who favours me with her presence here, for the sake, apparently, of helping eight idle servants to do nothing. But why these domestic queiles ? and especially what has that old baggage to do with the matter ?" "Hm !" said Mawry, rather gravely, " I don't know. When did this happen a second time?" " 1 had been writing for a couple of hours, when, feeling weary, , and missing perhaps my siesta, I threw myself on the bed—there is one in the room—and fell asleep. In about an hour, as I afterwards found, I started up in a state —1 frankly avow it—of horrible alarm, as though I had been set- upon by a band of fiends! Then came that choking horror—then thank God ! release, for 1 do not think that a human mind, hoyvever strong could sustain so much as a minute of that auguish, and keep its balance." " It is curious," said Mawry. " I confess, colonel, I do. not comprehend your case. So far as my skill instructs me, you are sound in body, and unquestionably sane in mind. Still there are fancies. Firm and selfpossessed as you seem, it is yet quite possible that the solution may be found in some disarragement of the" nervous system. You have perhaps overtasked your brain—a little less work, and more exercise." " I see, sir, I see!" exclaimed the colonei, rising, with som,e heat; " you take me for an illusionist, a—-r Ha! by Heaven^ it is coming nomV' Mawry looked; steadily afi hjn&. The colonel was not acting. The dark-lined qountenance grew deadly pale, the eyes glowed, the teeth chattered. an<l gnashed. In spite of himself,, the doctor was awe-stricken at an appearance, that powerfully recalled the fearful traditions oi,possession. 1 The attack, whatever- its nature, was. but momentary. With, a long deep inspiration, like one over whom a stifling wave has passed, the colonel seemed, to. recover himself com-, pletely, and, with a. light: laugh,, held out his hand. ' Mawry took the hint, and his leave. " I will send you a pleasant draught," he said; " or rather, I will instruct your butler to make it. And you will oblige me, colonel, by receiving nothing of a liquid kind from any hand but his.. This is important: I will give you my reasons hereafter. uereaiter. Take xaxe your wine as usual. Good-night!" ' Colonel Doulton neglected one portipn of his friend's advice—he took even less than his accustomed exercise, and was so rarely seen abroad, that old Charlotte underwent somel severe cross-examinations. Her report; now • was, that the mistress grew stronger and. sponger, but refused to take the air; that the colonel was becoming seriously ill—could scarcely bear the fatigue of walking upstairs —an'd confined himself almost wholly to his study, dividing the day between his writingtfibi-3 and the bed. The doctor, somewhat afn-o^t-'d sit his patient s systematic disregard of his counsels, had discontinued Li;; visits, and Lad not hitherto been incited to rensv/ them. Thus affairs remained for sc/oinl weeks, till one morning the reverend rector was sent for to the house; His visit was a prolonged one. Jl'e came out grav<} and pale, and charged with amolonchoiy tale, of which he until.' no secret. The colonel had been stricken with some mystrrisms vi«it:itlon beyond the reach of human skill, and, witk a rooted presentiment of his approaching end, was pressing the work on which he had been so long engaged to a conclusion. He seemed to be awaiting, although with the courage of a Christian and a soldier, an inevitable fate. ' Nor was he deceived. One bleak, gray morning in December, the windows of No. 33 remained closed. Colonel Doulton was dead !' PART II. ' It was at this period that attention began to be more generally attracted to the house, and the peculiar evil fortune which seemed to attach to whomsoever became its occupants— the last four families having each lost a member within its walls. A certain suspicion, originating none could say exactly where, hung about the wretched old woman who had clung- like an evil destiny to that house of grief. She could obtain no employment; few would bestow upon her the smallest alms; the parish found means to resist her claim; the boys in the street re-christened her, without ceremony, as " Moll Murd< r;" invited her to supply tnem with a pen'orth of arsenic on credit; and, in return, pledged themselves faithfully to attend her approaching execution. But apparently these suspicions were insufficient, and the law suffered her to starve on unmolested. In good truth, the weight of public opinion inclined to the supernatural side; and such extraordinary tales began to gain credence, that the agent deemed it his duty to apprise tli.e landlord, Mr. Archbold, of the character attaching' to his house, and the improbability of its getting another tenant, unless something could be speedily done to redeem its reputation. 1 Not a week elapsed before Mr. Archbold, without commenting on its agent's report, laconically announced that an eligible tenant was on the point of reparing to the spot, and would take immediate possession. ( An excellent idea had occured to the shrewd old merchant. His favourite nephew Charles. Annesley, had been guilty of an act of which he thought fit highly to. dissaprove; had, in fact, taken to wife, the beautiful daughter of a village schoolmaster! Mr. Archbold, who was a man of the fewest words, limited the expression of his indignation to a curt note, in which he informed the delinquent that, to avoid any future misapprehensions, he felt it right to state frankly that he, Charles, would never receive one farthing of the fortune he had destined for him. ' Charles was a young man of high spirit. He looked at his wife, and thought that the united uncles of Great Britain could never have amassed a treasure equal in value to that he had discovered and appropriated to himself in the secluded hamlet of Little Gidding, Hants. Upon the whole, he thought he loved his Mary, if possible, a trifle better for the price he was likely to pay for her. The change , in Charles's prospects, if it cooled a few friends, warmed others into more cordial life; and so much sympathy was felt and shewn for the young couple, thus set afloat on the sea of life, with scarce ballast enough to secure their little bark from a daily capsize, that Uncle Archbold became uncomfortably conscious of his ungracious position; and, casting about for some means to redeem himself" into the good thoughts of the world again," bethought him of his vacant house in Gayland Terrace. M.oney he could not give —a home he might ; and here was a splendid opportunity at once to confer an act of kindness on his nepliew, and rescue his property from the ill name that was daily becoming worse. ' Ho wrote accordingly to. Charles, proffering the loan of his furnished mansion in Gayland Terrace, until the couple should have had time to consider their future plans, or indeed, for any period they chose, provided they took instant possession,, and were careful of "the costly furniture; and, on Charles's grateful acceptance, signified the result to his agent, as I have mentioned. 1 So, early in February, No. 23, now in the full enjoyment of a haunted fame, opened its doors to "new tenants; and Charles Annesley, a 3/oung man of twenty-five, with good, frank, intelligent features, and resolute bearing—one with whom no ghost of any sense would for a moment dream of contending—escorted, his charming little wife across the first threshold of which, she was the declared mistress. Very much frightened she looked, the little country belle, as the magnificence of her domain opened upon her! As for Charles, he could hardly forbear a hearty laugh, as they passed from room to. room, furnished with eastern splendour, his pretty conpanion setting her little feet apologetically on the yielding* carpet, or laying a humble white finger on cabinet, couch, or picture as to ascertain that these objccts were material',, and no fairy, vision. ' The young people brought but one servant, a country girl; and their entire resources, inclusive of a little dower, of thirty pounds, hoarded for his darling by the thrifty, old schoolmaster, amounted to no more than seventy-five pounds. Charles indeed, who had a taste for, and already some proficiency in medical science, intended to turn this to account; but how the war was to be carried on until the necessary licence was obtained, and 'patients came to be killed in sufficient numbers to keep the sportsman alive, was an entire enigma. " How, upon earth,. Charles, are we to keep all these lovely things of your kind uncle's clean, v/ith only Hephzibah V asked Mary. " And, indeed, I shall be half afraid, as it is, to trust them to her determined hands. And, 0 Charles, there's another, thing. I'm so ashamed of myself! : —I am. I can't—oh! what have I been doing ? wasting, my time with French and singing, when I can't even co- coo"— " Coo, my "child ?" said Charles, laughingand kissing off a tear—" why should you coo ?" " Co—00k,. Charles ?" sobbed the poor bride. " If I could, have done that—and Hephzibah. the- house-work—I—think I'll try." " You'll do no such, thing !" rejoined Charles, seriously alarmed. " You'll, make a mess of it, burn your pretty fingers,, and poison us both with all sorts of unearthly, preparations! No, no ! Burlesque is very mil ding in its way; but the caricature of a cabinet- pudding—is no fun at wll! No—we must manage another .servant somehow. ( TJ bo coiUlned.) 