The Ovens and Murray Advertiser Published every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday Tuesday, March 1,1864. THE NEW LICENSED VICTU- ALLERS BILL, The Bills which pass through Parlia- ment with the loudest flourish of trumpets are not always those of the most practical importance, There is something grand in the idea of passing a New Land Bill or a New Education Bill, which renders the notion wonder- fully attractive. On the other hand, a quiet unpretending measure may often involve most important questions, of vital moment to the prospeiity of the Colony. Of the last class we believe the New Licensed Victuallers Bill to be one, and notwithstanding the opposition of the Melbourne bonifaces, we trust both that Mr Michie will persevere in carrying it through the legislative Assembly, and that the Assembly will have sufficient good sense and patriotism to allow it to become law, The main provisions of the New Bill are for three new descriptions of license, a grocer's license of £5 per annum, under which the holder may sell by the bottle (not smaller than a pint bottle) wine, beer, and spirits not to be drunk on the pre mises. There is to be also a wine merchant's license of £10 per annum, which will permit-any holder to sell wine retail, and to be drunk on the premises. There is, thirdly, a confec- tioner's licenss of £5 per annum, for the sale of wine, beer, and spirits, to be sold retail in confectioners' shops end to be drunk on the premises. There are some other clauses in the Bill, re- moving restrictions which operate at present as a tax upon the publican. The reforms in this direction also are needed, but are not carried far enough. There are no reasons at all why the pub- licans' trade should not be thrown open and placed on the same footing as any other. All the provisions of the law at present respecting the number of rooms, accommodation &c.;, of public houses ought to he removed, and respectability secured by private competition, as in other trades. The introduction of the new licenses, however, is a valuable reform, on account of its influence on two of the most important questions with which statesmen can be busied, the development of the natural resources of their country and the prevention of crim : in other words, in this particu lar colony, to encourage vine cultivation and to prevent drunkenness. As regards the first, we cannot too often call attention to the fact that the manufactures which need to be en- couraged in every place, are each as the place is naturally fitted for. To encourage the manufacture of wine in England, of oil in Sweden, of macin- ery in Italy would be absurd, and on the same ground to impose a protective duty of thirty per cent on imported boots and shoes, as has been proposed by some enthusiastic protectionist cobblers in Melbourne, is manifestly preposterous. The colony is not naturaliy so well suited for manufactur- ing them as England is. On the other hand there is everything to show that this colony is peculiarly adapted both in soil and climate for wine farming, Both in quantity and quality there is no parallel in the world to the produce of wine from the valley of the Murray, All that vinegrowers require is that no artificial obstructions shall be allowed to interfere with the sale of colonial wines. At present, however, the trade is a close monopoly, and the retailers in the very districts where the wine is produced decline to sell at a less profit than 300 or 400 per cent. To assert that there is at present in the colony no need of retail wine shops, because there is a sufficient number of public houses for nil purposes of proper competition is absurd. The fact stands against all theory to the contrary that there is not sufficient competition, seeing that colonial wine can only be obtained retail at a price which restricts its con- sumption within ridiculously small limits. The matter is really one of the greatest importance, for there are not wanting many men of capacity and knowledge who believe that in the course of a few years, say in the lifetime of the next generation, from the advantages which nature has bestowed on us, the wine producing interest may be more important than any other, and Victorian wine take a higher position in the markets of the world than even Victorian wool or gold. But the interest of the question is not merely economic. It has a decided bearing on the criminal statistics of the Colony. There can be little doubt among those who have given any atten- tion to the subject, that the larger num- ber of crimes of violence are induced, not indeed as the tea-totallers assert by the use of intoxicating drinks, but by ioi« xiestioa. Jbemuit.iplication, bow eTer; of houses in wluci^ wine and beer are eoldj BO fa? from increasing the evil has 9 woet powerful influence in lessen ing it. . All inlaftsting,lecture might be dolimsd on the ' Philosophy of getting drunk; 6Bd the PhileBopby ol drinking witboaS getting drunk.* In far the iarggr numbsf of osBes the drunkard is generally led on by companions to ad vance irora 'a first or second glass to a gisth or a twelfth, and the man who would sever think of sitting down alone a» hie OWD house to consume glass aiter glass of wine or spirits until he has made a beast of himself, will think BQfchiBg of doing the same thing among cofnp&aioas;, whom, as often as not, he Has gesn quence is clear} multiply tbe'places at which drink is procured, make drinking, at any rate of spirits, more of a solitary matter, acd there will be few indeed to drink to excess. To suppose that in toxication is a necessary result of tho cheapness of liquors is a complete fallacy. All tie great wine producing countries of the world are sober coun tries, In France, Germany, SpaiD, and Postugai, the means of intoxication are l,ar cheaper than in Great Britain, but {he people in all four are far more sober ! than the people of Great Britain. For every individual drunkard ia Paris,! twenty may be found iD Londoo, To assert aa Mr Ritchhe, the Melbourne wine meich^ac, did at a recent fublic ; meeting that the -wine shops of France aro tbe regular abodes of vice and crime,! shows en utter ignorance of the facts j of the ease. In Dickens' f Tale of Two i Cities' we do indeed find a wine shop described as the place at which the iBOit violent of the revolutionary mobs ot Paris assembled, but we should like to'know in what sober narrative oi facta, would such an incident be men tioned? The fact is that not merely is there far greater sobriety in France than in England, but as all travellers in Prance will testify, there is far less drunkenness in the wine producing dis I triets ol Franca than in any other parts of the game country ; far less in Cham pagne and Burgundy than in Normandy and Srittany. Tbis increased sobriety ifi especially the result of an increased consumption ol light wines. They give that slight stimulus which is sufficient tg ejchii&r;&te; without stupifying. This is ell which at the outset the nobbleriser WeR!8, and tbus a large consump tion nl light wines is always a guarantee lor ihe temperance of a nation. A learned French doctor of medicine lately wrote a work to prove t'oat all ihe nations of the world were more or less civilized in proportion to the quantity of wioe they drank. We 03»np?. quite go so far as that. As ihoroagh Britishers, we would never Consent " to rob a poor man of his beer." Bui just looking at the surface of things, much might be said in favor of ihe Frenchman's theory, and Should it turn out to be a correal one altogether, there e*n, ff§ think, be little doubt that 1Q the iuture history of the world, Attetr&liB; will take the lead of all other countries as the most civilised, because the greatest wine-producing country on th« face of the earth. At present, however, the manufacture is in its infancy It is the duty of every one to give it the fullest encouragement Until it is strong enough to take caie of itself# IMWBTAW M&vemrht; at Falmouth.—A< correspondent favours us with the following : —Railway communication between the port of Fftlmcnth and London ha ring been com* pleted and extensive docks provided at the JP&lmouth; terminus of the line, a deputation, ^presenting all the Associated Companies Wft? about to visit Liverpool, Manchester, 9Cd »U the great northern emporiums Jwith the view of inducing the leading merchants to memorialize the Bri'ish Government in favour 1 of the pre eminent claims of Falmouth as the | f/£)rfc for the embaikation and 'debarkation of I Colonial mails. It was expected that MffcftgemeBtB would be made tor the departure of the deputation in all November last. y^iBJp*th vas formerly the foreign mail P&oksfc; station, and it is confidently predicted' Ibst the powertul influence now awakened and tbe able advocacy employed will procure far British commercial interests at large a resumption of the advantage of having the bHlfe of its correspondence carried by the #he|(e»t Water route to be attained at any poit ijj Great Britain. During the gales of Oetaber Rnd November,-which ravaged the OOMt.and caused destruction of property in Various harbours of the kingdom, aot a llflgle caiualty occurred in the harbour of J?6)Womh. although it contained a large fleet ofvewels, aevecal of which arrived and •afeUT anchored within it* sheltered expanse dlirinS prevalence of the storms. CTeiitrii Qualification job ax Ibibk MWBIOBABY. — From the Memoir of Mr Henry Hull, late secretary to the London Christian Association, we take the following anecdote {as written by himself): — " I was Or,Oe viliting a house full of Irish Romanists. Bone of the parly, . enraged -with me- for. exposing Romish errors, threatened to expel me from the room, and to hurl me down the ftaifCMe, and one of them advanced for the SWpoae. Years ago, at home, I had learned I be ft good boxer, so, as he eame near, I throw myself into position. The man drew bsok amasad. A missionary "Who knew how to fight was ft novelty. The opposition c#Mei; aoi.- though a minute before my life was in danger, I was now both safe and respected." It may interest some of our friends to know that while Mr Hull had at one time the reputation of being a good bMer, he retained a high character as a 6llckcter, and continued to value the healthy , influence of that nttional sport.—• Christiaa QiU»rtwly Messenger.' Pride In Fowls. Fowls have plenty of vanity and pride. They are very sensible to admiration from man, and miss accustomed notice. A prize bird knows itself. The queen of the poultry yard must eat first, and stand by the king at feeding time. She resists any invasion upon her rights, and will have a precedence in all things. Indeed, precedence in the court-yard seems as valued as at earthly courts. Age and priority of residence in the yard, not less than size and strength, constitute right to precedence. No dowager ever treated young chits of girls more con temptuously than the senior hen treats her juniors. One has heard of a Swiss cow which died of vexation when her bell was taken from her. So did a hen of mine, long mistress of the poultry yard, die of smothered pride when a new queen-hen, partner to a new king (a pair I bought at a poultry show), came into my enclosure. The rival queens eyed each other for a moment steadfastly, then rushed to the combat. The new comer, though the old hen fought bravely, was the stronger. Mrs. Mercury, as we called the old hen, from the wing-like feathering on her legs, never attempted to try her chance again, succumbed in a melancholy man ner, and, after a few days moping, gave up the ghost— ' Cocks and Hens,' in "All the Year Round". FATAL ACCIDENT ON THE YACK- ANDANDAH ROAD. - On Saturday even- ing, a young man living at Yackandan- dah named George Keogh, who had been attending the Beechworth races, was riding back home a little the worse for liquor, when he was violently thrown from his horse near the Rising Sun Hotel. The unfortunate man was taken to the Rising Sun Hotel, but died in about five minutes from the time when the accident occurred. It was about nine p.m., but Dr Fox, who had been sent for, arrived promptly. The case, however, was one no longer needing surgical skill, the deceased having long ceased to breathe. Mr Rudd and Mr Tewkesbury, both of Yackandandah, were riding just behind when the ac- cident occurred. An inquest was held on Sunday by the Coroner, E. T. Bar- nard, Esq ,P M , and the evidence given was in accordance with the above state- ment. The evidence of Dr Fox left no doubt of the fact that the accident had caused concussion of the brain, and a verdict was given accordingly. The funeral took place the same afternoon, and was well attended at so short notice, the Odd Fellows Society, of whom the deceased had become a mem- ber scarcely a fortnight previous, at- tending it to the Cemetery, where the funeral address was delivered by the Grand Master. The deceased was well known and esteemed, having been some years engaged in mining on this creek, and was also a shareholder in the latest addition to our local attractions, Lake Harvey. Requiescat in pace. Wooragee —- Site for Wesleyan Church purposes, parish of Wooragee, temporarily reserved by Order of 8th February, 1864.—One acre, county un- named, parish of Wooragee, situate in the reserve, north of section E : Com- mencing at the south-west angle of the Common School reserve. Oxley—Site for Cemetery, parish of Oxley,: temporarily reserved by Order of 8th Februbry, 1864.—Four acres, county unnamed, parish of Oxley, being part of allotment 1, section 28 : Commencing at the north east angle, being a point beating west five chains from the north-east angle of allotment 1, section 28 Common-Toll Road.—The portion of the road known as ' The Sydney Road,' extend ng from the southern boundary of the borough of Wangaratta to the northern boundary of the North Ovens road district., shall be a Common-toll road of the said borough of Wanga ratta and North Ovens road district. Jamibson. — Revision op -Jury List.—A-special Court, of Petty Ses sions will be holden at the Junction Hoi el, Jamiejon, on Thursday, the 17ih day at March next; at twelve o'clock, for the purpose of revising the Jury L'st for the Jury District of Jamieson. Crown Pbosecutobs. — Bryau, O'Loughlen, Esq., (Crown prosecu-or at General Session?, JBeechworth, cfec.), to be also Crown Prosecutor at General Sessions, appointed to be held at Jamie Son. Edward Clarke, Esq. (acting Crown prosecutor at General Sessions, Maryborough), to act also as Crown Prosecutor at General Sessions ap pointed tb b? held at Inglewiod, during the absence of J. P. Nolan, Esq, Honor to the Dead.-—Speaking of William Makepeace Thackeray, the ' London Times' in the obiiuaty nntice of one of England's greatest novelists, states that he was ' a man in all the qualities of intellect, he was a child in all the qualities of heart; and when his life comes to be laid bare before the public in a biography, we have no doubt that, whatever intellectual rank may be assigned to him, no man of letters with anything like the same power of mind will be regarded as nobler, purer, better, kinder than he.' It will be long before we look upon hb like again. The numerous friends of Mr James Ellis, late of Beeoh worth, will, we are certain, be glad to heur of his welfare. We take the following from a recen; number of the London 'Bra':— ' Criterion Hall of Amusement, Leicester Squai'e.r-This h»ndsome musio hall, which has recently had the protection of the law extended to it by the magis trates granting it a license under the 25th of George the Second,, is in the proprietary of Mr James Ellis, originator of the two Cremorne Gardens in Loo. don and. Melbourne, and under his auspices canoot fail to be conducted in a manner cooduoive both to amusement and respectability. On thd evening of our visits we listened with much pleasure to the sentimental vocalisation of Miss Blanche Hamilton, as also the serio oomis singing of Miss Clara Fhelp, and Mies • Gertrude ' Allford. Madame Cerito, in her transformation dance, was agile and versatile, and the Ethiopian troupe very funny. In the ballet de partment, Messrs Seymour, Driver, and Madame Jenny Blaneheare the prin cipals, and the torpt de ballet is well selected. The band is small but effi cient, aad all these, together with the novelties wbieh Mr Ellis announces he is about to import from Florence, must render the Hall a rendezvous of the ntaaiure seekers noi to be excelled.' 