Our Ruin Leader. It is not without considerable hesitation that wo allude to tho subject, as wo aro anxious not to excito needless apprehensions in tho breasts of tho two and a half millions who read our weekly nuggets of Colonial Literature j but the tocsin of Civil Wnr is undoubtedly sounding, and ero long mothar will bo fighting father, »istcr, brother, and grandmother, both her úneles, on the borders ol' this unhappy country. Mood will How forth in torrents, nnd tho lund will be ono sceno of rude commotion, unless measures bo instantly taken to obviate, tho consequences of levying involuntary con- tributions at Albury. Wo shiver in our shoes as wc think of our defenceless position, and our liveliest ap- prehensions are excited from tho rash and ill- advised disbandment of t lint most cracked of all crack regiments, the " V.R. all theres, or Newtown Scrubbers." What are our Ministry thinking about / Echo answers "good- ness knows." . Aro they so prepared for dissolution that they can view thoir latter end with complacency, and make no effort to arrest tho stern futo thut nwaits t hom mid us? They certainly have a right to do what they like with their own, and nobody would wish to deprivo thom of tho privilege, but not with ours. To tho rescue, fellow citizens! In tho words of tho Kevorond Bishop Voltaire, ai handed down to us by posterity, " Up guards and nt them !" A great battlo is to bo fought-u great principio to be contested. Tho foe is buttering nt the gates. Shall we let down thc portcullis nnd sink thu punt ? No, let us up, und, reckless of consequences, "go in.u docker," und btorin tho breaches, for the individual, bo ho man, woman, child, kanguroo, or any other man, whose voico would not bo heard whon his own private interests uro in dnngor from tho bloated oppressors of his beloved country, and would not hit out liku a bit of suit-junk in defenco of ti Chinaman is unworthy tho name ufa British Seaman, or the King that gave him berth. Let the Curacoa be instantly dispatched to tho scone of action, via Goul- burn-let tho British Army, now in Sydney, be sont in a hansom round Capo Howe, to attack t hem in the renr -let Ben Hull's rifle corps of guerillas bo summoned from their mountain homes-lot Mr Boberts bo em- powered to bring all his cannons into play against tho foe-let tho Kevds Lang und J . Sullivan, of the Church .Militant, bo pressed into tho service to spread Nox and Terra into tho ranks of tho enemy,-summon tho Ghost from Maitland, Garibaldi from Bitt-street, und the wild beasts from tho Monagorie- let tho Volunteers and tho Police be placed out of danger-let us look after " No 1" in tho undisturbed serenity of our sanc- tum nt "220"-and then, belovod countrymen, with souls mid bodies on the action both, " g.-> in und win," and come and tell us when the battle's over. 