BATHURST. THE BEV. P. O'FABBKLL AND THE EAST MACQUARIE ELECTORATE. ? POOH A 00MIÎ8P0NDENT.] OoTODEB. SQ.-As soon as toe resignation ot air. rv. ct. . Suttor waa known, DivlJ Buobanan, the present member, offered himself to tbs oonatitaenoy, and, in oppoaitif n to him Ur. Furlongs was brought, forward bj tbe Bev.' P. O'Farrel), the Roman Gatholia clergyman. That gentleman Bpared neither time nor trouble in pushing forward tba alaima of Mr. Furlongs. Horse and bugqy, reloB in band, be poshed his way over many miles of tbs electorate of East Macquarie, using mild language to soma of tba eleotors and Holding ont severe threats to tboee who would not comply with his request. Suob portions of the eleotorate whioh he cr n d not visit personally letter after letter w»s despatobed to chosen eleotora io tba various localities requesting theai and others to vote for Mr. Furlonge. Binding that there was too moon independence io the eleotora'e he gave np on that account the politiatl ghost of bis imagination, and then gave all his influenae to Mr, Joseph (Vest, jaoior. The public are aware of Ibe roaul'. Surely bis Grace Archbishop Polding oannot ba aware ol snob unralled for Interference on the part of one of bis olergy. But tba matter has not ended there. On Sunday, tbe 161b October, the Bev. Father O'Farrell attended at Peel Obnroh, where a large congregation had assembled. After Dliine service he applied to the people for à subscription in aid of raising funds to pay the necessary expenses inourred in bringing out clergymen. Alter the appeal was made a very short limo elapsed before the reverend eentlooian told the congregation that they were a'uontto dlgraoe themselves tba aeoond time, that they bad diagraoed themselves during the pastweek, by returning the present member for Kati Macquarie as one ot their representative, [He then again addressed the people, telling tbem if they did not come forward and anbaeribe, they should not have Divine sorvloe in that church for two months, if they would get it any more, and if tbey did it would be on a week day-telling the ecngregallon, BB a whole, from the sacred altar of God, that be might as well be addreasing a lot of kangaroos as the people of the Peel, In a moment or two after the whole congregation walked away from the church in a body, and it ia not likely tbey will ba in a hurry to attend again to he so publioly and grossly insulted by a man who calla himself a learned Divine. Surely when this announcement reaobes lbs eye of our respected and venerable Archbishop, bia Graoe will institute some inqilry Into tbe faots here stated. THE LATE CASE OF BACK.-Mts. Beok( Ibo proseon. rix io the cine of Divis and Carter, now ander sentence of death far a tape apon her, WBB seen aboal the itreet yesterday morning, in a Btate of intoxioation. We be. lleve Mr, Jnatioe Wise bas been informed of the o'ronnS atanoe. At the trial she swore ehe was not drank when the oflenoe wssoommitted; bat admitted that abe had been locked np for drnnkenneaa on prevlona OOOBIOOP. Goulburn Herald, A GENXLIVAH IN DIBTIOOLTIE?.-One of those onrions Incidente which are fortunately of rare oooorrence in a small oommunlty like oars, bat wbioh oooar more Ire. quently la e metropolis or large town; took plaae . few days ago la Newosstle. A gentleman ia eppearsnce arrived here, and WBB staying st one of onr hotels, with, oat apparently oreatlng the least auspioion of his projeots until be paid a visit to one of oar linen drapery estate liahments-at wbioh he seleoted a quantity of wearing apparel among whloh were a dozen ol tbe very beat shirts, a new bat, Borne floe oambrio handkerchiefs, and sun- bry etoeterae. Having doffed bia old shirt he pat on one of tbe new oneB of tbe value of lOj, 6'., ordering ¡the remainder ol the articles to be forwarded to bis .hotel. In aompllanae wlih bis wish the parcel waa duly forwarded, but the gent being absent it was left in charge of une of the domeBtiSB, with a atrial iojuno. Hon not to give it np to him without tbe oaeb. On Ur -'s retara be was informed that he oould not have the paroe] unless he paid the oasb, anon hearing whlob be appeared baulked of his bargain. On learning tbe reBalt tba firm Bent off one of tbeir assistants in pursuit. Falling in with bim he arrested bim, took bim to the hotel, and made bim Btrip off the new shirt, the bat, &o;,, and having secured the remilnder of the goods left tbe gentleman in a plight, an object ot doriaion to thus arnuad him. The worthy landlord at the hotel, however, ont of pare compassion, gave him another shirt and hat, ind after reading him a severe lecture forgive him his botel score, and bid him be off. It appears be had already taken hie pi'sa.e on br a'd ship, we believe for Oali(ori.ii.-NewcaitU Telegraph. SUDDEN Tzam-On Tuesday last, through Informa, lion reoeived by the police, eome of the memberB of tbe force proceeded to the neigbbourbood ot Dairyman's Filias, where they found s mao named Henry Obappel In a very week state, end suffering from delirium. The police took oharge ot Obappel and brought him Into Cooma, wbrr ) they plaeed him in the look-up on Tues» day night. On the way to town Obappel frequently asked for grog, which of ooaree was refuted him. Ia the coarse of the night he told the loot--up keeper fae waa hungry, and about one o'elook on Wednesday morning be was supplied with a basin ol gruel, wbioh he eon. earned in a very ravenous manner. He then fell off to sleep, In whiob sta e he remained nntll near daylight, when be awoke, and was . attaoked by an epopletlo flt. Oae of the prisoners alarmed the look-up keeper, who rendered the deoeaaed all the aiBlitanoe ia bis power, bat after a rather lengthy struggle, Obappel expired. Monaro Mercury. roNNiNO IN COURT.-The following is worthy of a earner in print. During the trial of the o%ase Payne v. Pownall in the District Court, on Thursday last, Mr. McIntosh, banding Bundry papen to tho plilntlff, asked bim if he acknowledged them to be bis, and reoeitiog a reply In tbe affirmative; aaid, "This; did you writs this 7" holding np a letter. '.' No," said the witness, " but I authorised lt lo bo written." " Ob," waa the reply, " I see; tbe name is written Pa-ne; yon don't spell your name tbat way, do yon, but P a i nt' Tbo Judge t "Payin-g would be more appropriate, I think." Mr. Innaa : "Teat involvea IheP a-i n, yonr Honor." Mr. McIntosh oonoluded the sally by remarking, that it waa " a Ter; pilotai e»B».' -BaUiur.t Tima, ~ Meiere. Chat. Moore and Co. hare raqnestod na ta dlreot tba attention of Drapera, Milliner*, and tba trida to their Salo of tba Stook of Millinery, rixtnrea. Fitting!, Seo., «co., in tho Ettato of Mri. Spoin,on the Premliea, Qeorgq-atreet, ntxt Athdown ana Co.'e, Thia Dey, aWl o'olook. - 