QUEEN VICTORIA'S.VISIT TO LOUIS . PHILUPPE. , ¡ «i TOWARDS the end of Auges*, 1843, tho session ol the Chambers having terminate', the royal familj and the cabinet left the capital. The King w«£ enjoying bis summer vaca "ion at the Chateau d'£u ; the Prince de JoinvIUe.and.Ahe .Duke of AH m ale weet to pass some days at London and Windsor ; tf-e Duke of Nemours held a caoip of ten tHonsand men at Plelan in Brittany ; {'reposed st Val Eiohei from- the fatigues of the se&siom; ' Returning to Paris on the 23.d of August, 1 received a ball from Lord Cowley to' inform me :that Queen Vie'orii was on the point of paying a visit to the' Km¿ al the Chateau d'Eu, and that Lord Aberdeen would accompany her. He had only as yet received the information by a letter from Mr. Henry Greville, but he considered the fact as certain. I ins'aotly despatched a courier to the King,' who replied on the following day, the S6ih of August : "Yes, my dear minister, (1 begin like Racine's Agamemnon,) T bavé, every reaEon to believe we 'are about to receive at Eu a -royal' visit from Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. She. has entrusted my sons, who arrived this morning, with all her messages. .' tho only requires us to keep till the 30th of August a secret which is no longer one ; because, she says, the execution of this* project might bo impeded by publicly.\'T therefore think ic imp. rtant, audi have jost written to this effeot to Dúchate!, that' pur official pr ministerial gazettes should not take the initiative of'the news, that they'» should .' express "'doubt in publishing it, and that they should-'apeak always of tlie: unsettled state of the weather and the sea, particularly in September.J The Quéemintends to be'àt Brighton on Monday, to embark? thereto visit - some English 'ports in - the- "Channel; ' and thence to proceed ' to : Trépórt, taking" ' perhaps a French pi'ot at Cherbourg. , Be so kind a's tb name this-to Admiral Mackau.' »I concludb that the authorities by land and sea will nt'end to their du y for the salutes from air the forts, batteries, and men of-war, in case the royal flag of England should appear at Cherbourg'. However, we shall lin ve fall intelligence, I hope. Here, I amr' bradly supp'ied with four invalids tb serve'":six ^guns,' ! although the marshal ordered thirty^last year.^'I have 'told general Teste to send^thëm hy'post from Douai! 'This to facilitate tho secret. -Then, we must have plate and bhina. AU here have ''lost their heads. Qhé rooms are another embarrass- ment. Fortunately Peckham lias a dozen wooden huts intended for Algiers, ' which' I shall sot up in tho garden of the church, and furbish them a's well as wc'cân. . I 'have' ordered 'sixty' beds from1 Neb illy,'and have sent; tb :,T>leppo''"'f6r ' 'sailcloth,' wliich they cs'n pay with tor, to cover the roofs.! This will bo a sort of smalcla:'in1 which tho Dilke of Aumale will set the example of slcopin?, as he. did of charging' the smdlila of Abd-o'»Kader. I have-ordered a pîay for'Mpnday,. for the ''Quean', expects'to arrive on ' Saturday the 2nd. Xt is, settled that Lord Aberdeen comte'with; herí ; Thia; seems fo'indicate td' ' «a the*"invitation 'of rLoroj Cowley. Have, che goodness to tender; it on my; part to Lord and Lady . Co »ley,' bud Miss Wellesley. As to yourself, my; dear 'ministër, yon wi 1 come when you' please, btatl advise you not' to let it bc later than Thursday, that we may tarei time to understand each other thoroughly, abd tb t ilk matters well over before the' broadside'*fe! poured in; ' I "shall ' blio be delighted' 'to iPBee' Admiral Maclean here';. '.but/^btr will bavo/tb excuse the accommodation .which will be jéry indifferent. Never" mind';'' all '" will ' go: on ; excellently 'well;'' Good ; nlgbti .my dear! minister." At ' Paris; J and.'wherever.' ;the1 'news', spread, a great^ effect was produced.' /Satis .! faction (bf some, disjohjte'nt for/others, surprÍBe'for; all. ' Amongst' some membërd pf trie 'diplomatie ! boíl y* ill 'humeur vented' I sel f in .thoughtless and ' un.' ôrtby expressions t-±'f The freak of a little girl ; asking' would not have acted" so." Abd, when they1 were obswéred, "ja freak'ao.ceplèd by ; ministers who'are, hot little girls," the ill tfempèr! redoubled." " Her mîntsters 'thlrtk obly bf plesaingí her, they tromble in her j presence." , Very, soon, ' however, these 'ebullitions1 'restrained ' themselves 'befóte tho 'importance of1 the'fact 'pnd the. public? sentiment. , Impression's of 'the momentj and on the spot, are .rubre, truthful than the most'tenacious, reminiscences.' I-inséré here .textually a letter, in which/ on the same ovening; writing to Paris, I related tho' arrival and disembarkation bf. the! Queen. Ata quarter past five, cannon announced that the Queen' vas in sialit. Tn another half-hour we embarked in tho royal barge, the King,1 th« Princes,' Lord Çowléy, Admiral .MBÖkau.and'my, self., to'anticipate'her arrival.",,J\Ve'.''proceeded about half a ' mile,'in the' calmest seo, nuder ,a beau;iful sky, and tho land teeming with the entire population^ the'neighbourhood. ? Our six ships under! sail,, dressed (with French and English flags', saluted loudly ¿nd joyfully. Tho , report,' bf tho carmoo scarcalydrowned the shout's of the sa!!«r3. "We drew" up alongside the yacht Victoria and 'Albert./AYe mounted the deck. ..Tho'King'and Queen were, mutually ..'afreçtéd.: ',Ho emuraced ber. .Stie,' eaii'' tp(( mç,p|"r ; àpir, 'delighted,';'to 'aeb .yqu again 7t«re.^ She^escèndéd wííh'T-riuce Albert jntó/the.jSing's íjf i'geV j''As ,jweuapp>rôacried' the "shore,' the'^'alutes of. flie. cannon's' abd' crews bf the men-of-war grqw'^louder and/mor'o.'anim^te'd; '' Tlie Jarid^átíbríos rèpeOj'.ed thëm.'.L tThe,Ödeen,' ,'as abé,plaóéd. ber foot(.ion shore,' ',rbad 'ttie '. brightest ; .expression of cöup'jsnan ^ Içpkèd upod'; a'mucTure'of emotion's,:ú'degree '$ .feyrprisej and '.abbve iall^the'most 'animáte'd. pMVásoré'-, in' th;a /receptiop..".' ïher'o'w^'s'^mûoh snatín^bf,jiaridá in ! tho royal lónti.';., Then ttíé .carriages' and, the j/jiirney.j ' pod¿ufo the 'Queen was loudly pjayè'd, ' and there were a^' many^^ :^^éei) t;'n I^bng'Lijvë the QàcerrprËnglai"d,'Jas 'of Xiôn'è Ijive,;the Klpg'f,'' Est.'lia]'.put 'faith' in, "ibo Ítower of just .and/'simple^ ideas.,,' This'^'district byes, no^ h&p;Éjjgljsb^ J[tïs'f Nbrmsri,.¿na, 'mAÏ i 'fine. 'Ió"Qur.,wara, 'wltb'Jftnglan ! ¡th'reóliaies^bprnj,'.*^ I pffqjpj! No^thing'wdulrJ 'bé.mqrej áasy'thiiñ^o'exbile ; o» ;pépülárj ba8jtpn,'.^n^ senonsty s^buf.it'.^bas' J&.'çen. said »anti1, rebated, ¡ 'l'Xb'e Queen br ÈrgH(ano*('aQeB an act of ¿Oürfssy tb hejr5 "Tlits,idea poosEfsos {the-rbeopiey -and hie surmounted and pariíés ;" 'they''hâve' eoôutèd'Wd they wi'l continue to «bout. Long r Liva the Queen J »cd they applaud Öod save the Queen willi enthusiasm; We must take ore only not to a*k_it (rom them "for too lorg a time, I add, however, that another simple and more durable idea, peace, the advan- tage of ponce, - has become,-- and becomes daily more, powerful. It .prevails amongst tba citiziDS and also with the j reflecting and well disposed sections of the peop'e. lt serves ns greatly at tbis'moment;':- .They^tay often amongst themselves, "When we! want peace, we must not exchange abuse and make faces at ea-h othsr." Tbis was understood" to day by all the world on this side of tho Channel.": As;soon as we. were alone, Lord Aberdeen, said Jone, " Take this, I beg of you, as a certain indication of our policy, on the Spanish and on all other questions ; we shall talk thoroughly on a l." . It WB'B not easy.to t .Ik. The days were passed in general parties, in presentations, in snatches of conversation in the drawing-rooms, in promenades. . Où Sunday, the 3rd of September, after Queen Victoria bad been présent ât the English service in a hall of the . Chateau arranged for that purpose, the King took her in a large char a bane, entirely, filled by the royal family, to thOBummit of a table-land which afforded an adnirable view of sea and forest. The .weather was beautiful, but the road bad, .narrow, and fall of stones and'ruts.. Tue Queen of Fngland laughed and amused herself at"'ho idea bf being thus jolted along in rojal French com- : pany, in a sort of carriage quite new to her, nnd driwn by' sis splendid, dapple-grey .Norman -horses, driven gaily by two poBtili'jns, with their sounding bells and brilliant uniform. Lord Aber- deen and 1 followed, with Lord Liverpool and.M. de.Sainte Anlaire in another oarria¿e. Lord Aber- deen had just had with, the King a long tote a Me, by which be was satisfied and impressed. Satisfied with'the political views and intentions whioh the King had opened to bim, especially on the question of Spain ; struck by the fertility of his i leas and recollections, by ibo reotitudo and liberty of his judgment, by the natural and , cheerful animation of his language. " The King has spoken to me without reserve and very "seriously," said he tb me. Lord Aberdeen and I talked as we drove along, a little.of all things. He to'd me that for two months tho Queen had projected this voyage, and had spoken of it to £ir Robert Peel and himself; that they .had strongly approved of it, requesting her to say nothing on the subject until the rising of . Parliament, to avoid the questions, remarks,. por-¡ hVp^'censurds of thé opposition. "Tho Qjcei£"| added Lord ^ Aberdeen, *' wou'd not go tj'j isatis,', sne wisnea to pay a visit to tho liing anti royal, family, not. to divert herself."! In this conversation, I expressed à disposition to concert with him liberal. ', modifications;, in -our, mutual.tarifls,|Bepar¿telyarranged by,the'two go-: vê'rnmea's in perfect ijadeprad^oee^rajiher.tban*. io. bonclude a so'emn, anet permanent treaty. | He; seemed to accept my arguments, and, I afterwards, ascertained that'ka, had »id to Sjr Robert, Pee),' 'il iuolinei to" think this, would,be better than oj commercial trea'y, the importance of .which ia greatly exaggerated, and never fa is to excite, op' both .sides, much, dissatisfaction and complaint*."! On 'returning ifrdm.,iihe,di!ive, the- King, had no; aponer, left , his carriago than he asked me . what; effect their interview ! had . produced upon i.prd( Aberdeen. , " Good, Siro,". I replied, .« I am cer- tain ;, but'" Lord Aberdeen has not given mei any 'details* which I must waitfpr¿' ,{. This delay, grèàttydisconcerted the.Kiá.g.6THeí,was, pa'ienti in the end arid 'for general results, : but . t jip mosti pager and,anxious pf.nipn,at ibo moment anil in any 'particular case! Never did|he*appear:n)ore friend'y,, I might even say moro affectionate, to? myself , <«'^e aro," ho said tome on abat flay, very neoeBBtiry to each other! 'Without you, i can arrest bad policy, but it is only with you that Ii cari^arry out good." ,'. On Tuesday, the otb of! September; daring a'royal drive, from which vo\ requested permission, to ^absent ourselves,. Lord ? Aberdeen and I walked together for, two hotir3 in i the park, conversing on all subjeotsi on .both our i oountriosànd governments, on the Éa3t,vón Russia ¡ ir) the East, on Greece',' Spain,' the 'tight'of search,; and the treaty of commerce. A'.conversation, singularly freo and franki on »bo'h/ aides, arid 'in wbich'we via bly.enjoyed the pleasure that leads, nto conudorioe*.an'd friendship.. j I .was' more ', im- ' 7prêssod than I' cari describa bjJthp,calm'expansion: /pfLpru" Aberdeen^s'mirid, ana-tho naódost ploya-; ¡lion of his sentimeii's.-. I found him.at once ex-; iremely ' im partial arid thoroughly, IÇpglish, 'à prac- ¡ tica* po'itician without /coñtompr/ [for principles,, and'liberal from .justice, and ^respect,/ for Tighes, pjthough' decidedly conservative.' .* At/the porno' time bo seemed to me to/have little.taste.for pub-' Iii: aád ardent controversy, and .disposed .to pre- fer, .for the r attainment ,,of. his, phjBot, slow,1 arid ' gentle ' proceedings. ,,The marriage of the .Queen, pf Spain .waa evidently, in his "eyes, our groat' affiir, arid the right of searoh our, lbadipg' lmbarrassment. There are two things," jipjind tonnie, '*t on which, my^ country¿ is/not; traôt'ab}e/ and I' myself, ' Jess, Hbiraf/tbán I /.could wish,-the , abolition. of. the /slave./,tracie, and ProtoifanV ptopagándisiri.' ; .On ali, other matters, 'let. you/and mo think only of doirig yihat' appears! ¡best;'I will undertako'to ensure approval., The two points I have named, embrace impossibilities, on the side pf I/ngland, and great'^circumspection must bo'obseryed." ', 1 askod.him what rjiight bo the s'rength in 'tbo Houée,pf "Cpm'rn'ons..,oiÇ the party called saints'.¡'.They aro all]sainjta .çn'.such questions, /was'...his answer. ¡, I; .",0t riyln.crd, bim,1 neypitheles's, that our", Charribet a' would' persevero! .obstinately in, /demanding ,the abolition of, the, righ t, of sçarcb. 'and that trna international ques' ion /was pne'foriwüjoli a solution must.bp^fonnd, and a' danger which, called , |mperatiyclyf for jermiria, ion. Tiie/yisit cndçdl with all the personal, satisfaction arid political, effect /which could hayp ' peen., antici- pated and hoped. .../Queen' /Victoria departeil on Thursday, 7'b September, for ber kingdon, leaving,1 bétwçen.the twô royal famiUet orid .tne .ministers .o^tbe/Jtwo B^tes./the 8ee.4s.oif sincere confidence M|(*jraréy;|e/id8nii^7yOulsgk- , 0 . ii.ri ct t'-y.nit,'!' un \¡ : oív.-c-'i'.'.'f..' n-rr-j > ¡ t . .SAVAOB OISE OF. HjTAimtNCunr ,AN. AMKBICAS.-A^manj who bad.giy^n his nama Martin ,Naylor, an^wbo.riti ¿ra j statedjjWas an^r^eriean.inJJ»te.a'Bocdier ip. ttííj.^odera^ army ,Vaa hrojíg|it¿ u¿ pa remaní,beforeMr. .¿Ufljosj at j jtho Polico court, on Sattirdnyjçhargcd .with hayiug stabbed & young .woman.' named, Ann ''M'Gí,r/on.'( \Tbe-.prosecutrix lívail sa doinestio'sorfaot in th'o boarding homo of David Nib!ook.'3i;¡Salté'¿y.áíréetí Th'o prisoner' wWltamieared bad cortie tö th ii port'áVil'pfcseiígér m^'n-Amïrîoatf ahip,1 .bad bien lodging in ; Niblotk'a booie fori tho! past :tbrce loqnth8.;,,.C)n Friday morning, tha.ÜJHh April, aa tba pro Montrlxr.TrasVgoiiig.into tho scullery other rDattoïisJionso tho prisoner wont behind her aOd*irlth* a'"" sallör^khlfty '.Hob' bora IritTioatlons bf líavittg'be'en "recently sharpened atrünk bor a blow on tho left shduldet,- !ibfliatfngru levare nod dangorocB wound Ho thou with the «»ipi instrument irmiçted a wound on tlie.baok pf tbe.proseautrix' bead, and 'is pho wai stooping down'tj git nn'der'bis arin, invordor tb «¡capa Worn bim 'bo draw" tile knife'áorósrtbb ' baok of Ker right baudilnd'otina; ai B.ewei'anUvpainruluwoundi'.i The proseoutri*, In answer to, the msgistraU,-aaid »bo had never had a quarrel or any difference Jtltb tho .prisoner; furjlior .than that about a,werie' ago; ;wboti Mjíor'o wefe" ar.'greit ii nmb'eV of. Boarders'In tbe-honso. 'tho1 prTsoWr iral apHti"i£ »ll avertie floor, when'aheaeriaeitiaiilm'eo-.go « little- on .930 aidfi apilapit,ln.«ue¡pla«j>, -Tibi, prisoner^ ta tbepolioe arid be '« had dons if to getlatb gaol fdr a few months until lïë'woVVAoaM'b'e'rjétleK»0 . TW'nrlsôàar-ivàs'JcoimHfÎd Tnt JîfMTJiii IM .Coflvo,-Somehow it bm com» to pas» that tte lot ¡HO« I av« never liked a«, Bid U»te, no donb», it Inf been on their p»rt. tnt f o stands tba undeniable ft ol J Perhaps thtre hal been too mueb d soropasey between tile social nssgei pf cur recreative oorumnniijes to admit of any /eal am lgnma'ion. Our insular pride bal been in constant Tjollislon with tbeir insolar pride, and defects hive'been magnified on either aide.. Besides this, thrre bas been the constant difficulty of the want of a common laogatge. The? were cot likely to learn English, and our fellows would not be at the trouble of learning an available amount of Italian. Greek, aare io a few exceptional cases, .was quito oat of the question. The complimentary abjuration, "oxo lilt"-equivalent to ' Qet oat of the way, jon rascal" -was the Uart of general attainment io that language. Tba .Italian waa stretched somewhat farther. ' Some few idlers may have been contented with the formu'a, '. Bono John," but a good many of onr com- patriota made euch a good ase of their three years or so at Corfu that they b:oime enabled to ask their way of a countryman, or to dispense with aigns at a coffee-shop. Verily, t' e British soldier bas not heen strone: at langna.-es -i e. before the days of competitive examinations. We have had cases" of Staff-i fficsrs,whoas daily du'y it was to receive and entert«in foreigners nuable ta address to tte cai 1 foreigners three sentences- of ordinary conversation. 1 Now weare mending, and no doubt shallontinpe to mend; bat BUoh things have been. It ia curious onough that the aamo inoaDaoity or carchsiness has not characterited the naval acrrioe. ' The ship in the- Mediterranean that bad not i's fair quota of lingnUts.bas been decidedly the exception to the mle. But this language-difficulty, .wai a constant atumblingblock at the palaoe of the Jkord High Com missioner. I rpcnt'.bn that auttuat abode because, so far aa I am pelted it wu s the chief, if not the only, rallying point for tuned assemblages of -Britons and lonians. Here were constantly to bs met, the notables of the island. On oertain red-letter days the invitation would go forth to pretty nearly every presentable person » ¡thin due limits. Then waa to be seen the rtobest of bait cottumei Tho fairest of damsels and matrons, congregated in olutters, put you at I once and forever at rest on the subject of the pretenaiona of Ionian Womanhood. Strange stories were afloat as to the method* in vogue for the enhanoiog of reithetio effects. They were said to be adepts in tlo art of faoe-painting. Bat we as a nation, among whose ladies Madame Raebol has made a fortune are scarcely tbs people to throw atones at them. At all erents, the painting, if done at al), was well dane:.ar«celare artem. The effect was excellent, and man gazed approvingly. But there was little aotual intercourse on these occasions, for very few of tho one set oould talk to the other. , It is easily understood that frund.hips do not spring up readily under auoh conditions. Yet for many lonians these were the only opportunities of sf ulying Eng- lish society ; and from these reunions they would naturally retire with'tho notion that Englishmen "were proud and exclusive. Simo few of their tip-top aristocracy were will- ing to lend themselves to an exchange of hospitalities. They know us boiler j and through thom, no doubt, a eorreot ive influence in our favour woald ba maintained. But ou the whole, they did not like ni. and were glad to shake off our protectorate -B/ackwoatt't Maqazine, Ma T-TUB CHILD OF NATURE-I wns nevor thrown into »ny .relation with T-more direot than moro acquaintanceship. ' My aympalhr with bira was an Irriror r"". ...mnnlli. 1 lil.iJ l.in l.A..ít«.n. l.i.JI.._' and bis Irish accent ; but I noTer felt quite comfortable in bis presenop, beoause it was impúsBiblo to be'ieve in bis .sincerity. ' Ile sierucd always noting a part. There was always a Bnspioion of rouge on tho cheek of that innocence. T-called bira?elf ii child of nature Ho forgot to Bpt oily wlia», nature. Ono day Douglas Jerrold," who liked aud laughed at bim, happoning to'quo e a familiar i ii isnge from Milton. T--exclaimed with enthmia;m-" That'a fine I Who said that Î',' V Come, Trr-, don't pretend that you don't know it's Milton." " Mo dear boy, I've never read him." 1 "Never read Milton I and you a post !" "I've Boarcely, read anything, I was euokled at tho br. a-ts of Nay turo herself.'? " Yei," retorted tho terrible Jorrold " but you put a deal of. rum in her milk." . Jorrold «ras one,day walking, with T-ioivo Holborn, when a gontleman came up, aud was wolooniod by T - with' overflowing cordiality, whioh tte stranger .suddenly iot«rrup*ed with " But you never oarae to dine tba other i ,day!_" Wo w.üled fur you over an hour. It was such a disappointment I ' T-struok bis forehead as if remon- strating with his oblivious weakness, and replied - ' No more I didi It escaped me memory Intlrely. Hut I tell ye hwhat, IM1 dino wita vo on Saturday next." ,' '. Will you, Mr. V».fl will.. ' Without failÎ" '.'Witb'-fall " At what honr'?* ''Six if agreeable.."'" At 6ix I" "Thon V's! may expect you riext Saturday Î" * Next Saturday at six, G-iod bye ; God. blessye ! ' "Good by o ; and .mind Voa don't forget Saturday. . * I'll bo there I Gui MOBS ye ! Sitar Jar,., at, six-good by o -at six.» '. ' The stranger ' departed, and oolitinued shouting good bye's after him ; then putting his arm within Jerrold's, he walked on a few pio?s in silanco ¿nd at length sold quietly, «I wonder hwbat the di vii his namo is now ??» . . . T-was one day talking in a Btrain of groat seriousness on tho importance of making tho Biblo tho only rule bf lifo ?What he skid,was.tull of sound sense ; and .vet,' somehow, i's olltot was diminished by our unoonquarable Mispjjion of hU blarney ; and. perhaps also by tho smell ot'that stiraulatit to was supposod'to liavo mingled with Nature's milk' Jndge.thon ol'our gravity, when he said-"I speak from experience. I've a'ways stood by mo Eibla ut osy coat . i've known troub'o ; it has saved rae. I've known hwhat it is to want a ponoy, but I've stood by me Bible aid it has. always been a shilling " Some one suggested What I. yoa'pawnod it ?" But he answered this ribaldry, whuh^etus off laughing, by olosing his eyes; as if mentally ratirluij: upon hts serene conviction. .TUB LATE' SHEFFIELD OAI.AMITV-A mooting of tho Général Oomtaittoa for tho administration of tho Distress Fund-was hold at tho Connoil Huit, SheOicld, on Friday afternoon, the Mayor (Mr Jessop! profiling. The statistics road by- Alderman Saunders the Secretary, gave tba ncttul reoiipts up to the present timo at £12 7 il. There ? are t'urthor euma lying in London and olsewhcro ai tho order of the Committee, amounting, with some promised in Sheffield, to. it ii estimated, £ O.OUJ, making th3 total subscription £52,751. The sums already paid over to the DlBtriot Oommittoas ami otherwise .expondod 1,1 relief amount to '£Î9,8I1, having a balance of £319 9 still undisposed of The total number of rotsons relieved is 20,537, and there remain to be permanently provided, for II widows and 40 .'orphans ;| Thus far relief has been given only to thoso pier Íieiple whoiirere .in so'.uat distress fron tho. loss of thiir ooJ, clothing furniture, or moans ot' livelihood, a transfer Of all tho largs claims having been taken to the Mayor with a view,tb a demand bBing made hereafter upon the water, oimpany, so far as they aro legally nd Ju.tfy lia'do Tlioro; ; are "'Btili,-,»,,'large number, ot clniniauts of' various1 doaoeiptions, and a long discussion took plaoe as to how their claims should bo doalt'with Among tho claims put forward aro those of schools chapels, and churches whioh: have been damaged by the flood, small tradesmen, BO crip- pled that, waiting until they can obtain oimpensxlijn from tho water company would be hiinom ; owno'S of small plots roi. cottage property. ontirely.dcp'hdent on tho ir rents ; and small shareholders in llii.wator company nhoaroin absolute want from .tho loss of their dividends Muoh diiVerenoo of opinion oxisted as to tho proper; mode ol dealing with these various oases, some gentlemen suggesting that ro'ief should ba alFjrded to all on a transfer of their olaims to the Mayor, . and - others, objeoting that the supporters of rchools oburches, and ohapels' must próvido for them, > and that it . would bo a misappropriation to apply nny part of tho fund " t J the relief of shareholders in, tho water, oompany, however . dis .reasing their casos. . Eventually, n resolntion vus passed .unanimously di'Bilving tho Distriot ll lief Committees, and leaving all further claims to.bsdoalt with liv tho .Exeoutiro' Committee, consisting of the Mayor and other gentleman. There is. is'good story " going about, apropot of tho p'antlng of tho oak (which was iu resllly planted the day . before) on 1'rimroie Lilli. ' The, Naliouil Committee, as is well known, proposed to alter the name of the well.known oiokney resort,to Shakespeare '.Hill," and. du ing the, ó >k oeremony and aftorwarlB the new name wa» bor.s'ng. about, lt fell on the ear ot an enthusiastic and roman ,tioa!ly-miqded individual, who repoatod it-with certain ,alterations,,owia£ to a defective lOducation-lo.his : friend < '^'blmkespesre's tlc] 'o-ied tho enthusiast with outstretched 'fiujjferV '' " Why,"' replied the praotioal' friend ." I thought 'hé was.«load I.' ¡Si riohyiro bentróvalo.'Tho desecration ? of the " bard" is now completo, . That establishment '?which, *; Peppers,the1 highest,'',and ls,,therefore, 'J snreit to IpleaiioV/.'tho rolyto-hnio has gol a Shakespeare s ghost! . iSjme curious statements are mado .by Slr W. J, Hooker of the value of Kew'Gardens to tho empira at larg». From the report for. the past.year we 1 darn-that very satisfactory success lins altondoJ the introduction of cinchona plantations Inindia ln: th'o/establishment of,which Kew'bas'had. io large a sharo In.tho'nurseries on tho Neilgherrio hills Miare. w.ore,,in December last, hoirlv 260 OOO plants, of whioh .moro'than Gß.'COO were planted out; one was nosily ten foot hi¿h. . Tho bark hat been aiialyeod, and the result ts entirely satisfactory There are 8.00 plants In tho Dar- jeeling plantations, Himalaya, and.22,OOH In Ceylon. Stops ha^rd been taken, at the request of the Government of South AuilfalU^to ¡ntrcdi.Q8 tho oork-trèo, into that oolbuy ; a largs /quantity bf .young plants , haye .lijen raised in. the pip uro-ground nursery fir! transport, tobo sont ont ibis spring,in. a growing condition Jn glazed oascB. Large col- lections of semi-tropical trées'an'd shrubs have been sent, at tlelténuest of .tho Admiralty, to'tho once deiort Island of Asoensioh,',lhó upper pa'rts'of, whioh aro now dollied with trëts. ahjl, shrubs,johlefly derived,from Kew. . The most sátisfao.'.oryjácooúnts aro reooived of the thriving condition Sf .jthose.'plant's,.áiía the consequent ramil' marcase bf. the fertility.« w'»lerJsupply.,pas'.ürá'láhd, an'a veaetabla produce o£lhe.í«land.,'. T>e Bermuda grasi especially,' wbwh was Sent from Kew several, roars ago, hai now tooomo the) ïtajiji) fodder orthe jil ico'.""''" *'? ' ? -J. ....... , A. UKivKssirr COLD MBPA& J* COANCERT,-Acorfoo» cue lint of Tnompion' v, the University ot London, cama r>erw« Vics-Qbanoellor Slr It: T. ICiaderaley on Man» day. Iv was a bill to r<str*tn tbs University of London 'rom awarding to Dr. D. Shoard, and restraining Dr Shoard from accepting or keeping, and for a declaration that tho p'a'ntiff was entitled to the gold medal for the year 1863. It appeared from the plaintiff a affidavits that he went to Dr. CarponUr, tba registrar of the University, and asked him if he might undergo the examication in 18E3 for the degree of doctors of laws, and Dr. Carpenter. B»id that be might, and aooordingly he went in on four subjects-common law, equity, conveyancing, anet norn law, and there were two omi eiitara, one ot them being Dr. SLond who did not go in for conveyancing. The result was that ihe examinera aw.rdidthe gold medal to the plaintiff, wbioh was pnblioly preaentqd to him- Subsequently, however, ha Was informed that the senate were not satisfied with what had bren dona in the ma'.ter and Dr Shoard ought to have the gold medal awarded to bim, and thereupon he filed the present hill. The defendants demurred to the bill on the ground of watt of eqnity and that the court had no jurmdiction. Tba Vice-Chancellor-said there wonld be no end to mischief in- flicted on the publia if snob a bill as this wera adored to lie. The demurrer must be allowed with oasts. Tns CviNFsuraATa .Artur,, AS DESCRIBED BT TUB FIDERALS.-'i'hoNew Yorfc World publishes the following le:ter from rialt'more :-."Three years of war hare taught ,tl>e South roany valu il ls lesson*. Many of these lessons (hoy have loarnt from thoir enemies, bul they aro none tba less va'uablc to them on that ooo3unt. They have cover committed the-error of underrating the power of tho North. ^Thoy have from the first been oonvinced of tba I determination on the part of tho North to conquer and aub« I due them ; and they bara from the Grit determined that they wonld not be conquered oriuiduea. , aneir army at '(.resent numbers 875 OOO disciplined troops. Th's !s poii lirely tho »bolo available military force of tbe South for the campaigns of 1864. They are all, however efffolives, most of them being veterans of two years' standing, and every man ot.them being moro or less seaeoned to the hardships cf war, aojuBtoiued to long and rapid marcher, and to all the vicissitudes of camp life, and, above all, dis- ciplined. There are, besides, Eome 2 ) OOO troops detached in various small bodies and on special duty at points where they are not available and will be useless ns reinforce- ments. They are; besides noa1 reoruits. ? Finally, there are fully 20,000 soldiers, siok and wounded in hospitals. These will bo cured, and will rejoin their regiments ; ,bu.t¡ tLis w.ll not-inorease the oOcotivo foroe of -tho army,' for experience has shown that about that number of the best soldiers in the South are constantly, althongh not for long periods under medical treatment. It must ba confessed that,the abovo is a smaller number of troops than have been usually supposed to compose thc Southern armies ; but it is ically an immense fi ree, and, if properly handled, will be found sufficient to give us plenty of employment for at least a jear to como And it will not do to oouot upon meeting in the field any lessforo'» than tho above. Tho measures which bavo been devised by tho Southern Govern- ment, ar,d whioh aro now in fores will ¡usuro a strength of from 275,000 to 300 COO mon for some years to como, If tho war sbculd continue thnt long.'' DJATH. or. OATTAIN J.R E. GURDON.' RN-WO regret to announco tho death of this' veteran champion of Christian Protestant Um - . The early' port of. his ]¡ío was spout in tba service of his oountry in tho Royal Navy, where he was diitinguishod for hts. enterprise and gallantry. At the olose of the war he deyotod his energies to tho cause of »ea- mon, and to his laborious seal wo vnro chiefly indebted for the commencement of severn! naval charities, nnd particu- larly for the hospital in the Thames ' .to whioh .the. Dread nought is app-opriatod - Ho was after associated with the celebrated Ur. Chalmers in Glasgow, In the institution 'of those groat paroohlal oxperiaonts iq wbat he oallcd ' Civlo eo.momy," wbioh wero the forerunners of our District Visit' ing Fooiotles and .City. MissioNS. - Captain Gordon next tnrned Ids attention to Ireland, where -, his i flirts were greatly Mossed in exposing the superstition of Popery, and asserting tho creat doctrines ot the Reformation. The Irish Churoh Missions, wera not established till many years lfttor, but Captain Gordon, WSB the first who successfully asserted the truo Missionary principio ol evangel'sing Ire land by aggressive movomonts Ho travelled through some of tho most Popish pirts of Ireland with Mr. George Finch, of Uurleigli-on-ilio-lllll, and then with Mr.'lJaptlst Noel ; bnt the Poiglit,of tho (lonunclations of O'Connell and tho prieita rested on Captain Gordon.' ' "Siioli was the effeot he produoed and so oonspianous were his informa'ion and talent, that ho was sept for by Lord Liverpool, shortly .be- fore his death and opnsultod AI to tho lust nndo.of deal- ing ni'.h the groit Irish diflloulty ^In 1830 ho wai brought into tho Home of Commons by Lord Rjdon for tho borough of Dnndalk ; and during the .Whole* of .that Parliament ho wa« aolcnowledgol.to .be the most formidable' opponent-of O'Connell and the' Popish brigndo In faot, his l.bju-s were so unremitting ns to overtax h's strong constitution, and.ultimately to bring on oroeping paralysis Bur, nearly fifteen years and mo o lie was one of tho most popular nnd effective speakers at lTroemusou»' Tavern'-and. Ero!er Hall, and ho was tho originator of tim lío format ion Sioioty and P otosfcai.t A.ssoci ¿Ion In 1S3G he mt>rr ed a tis er of the late omini-nt backer, Abel Smith, Ken. long M.I1, for Hert- fordshire. Shortly nf orwards bis health' brotme so mnoh ¡mpáirod that he was 'seldom nblo to appear in publia, and we beliovo the.last time he ventured to address a meeting was about foin teen years ngo. connco'oJ with the Popish aggression. Ho chiefly livod at Hadlow lloiuo near Tan? bridge, till-after the death of his devoted wifo in tho year 180 '. Sinoe that period ho has livo 1 in Porohestnr-squara, Paddington, u- a' lo for any aottve exertion, but enjoying tho society of a fo sr attiohed relations nud fripnds, and taking a deop interest iu all that ooncirnoJ tho progress of .the kingdom bf his1 Lord and Master.-Record. t ,\: Tim NEW MORQUE AT PAnta.--Tho new building of the Morgue, or dead .house has just boen completed behind the Oathodrnl bf Notre Dame, between tho bridge of St Louis and that of the bishop's pa'aoe. Its figure is that of a tri- angle, whoso base forms tho front. It has three largo gates whioh open to a spaoious hall. ? At tho bottom nnd parallel to tho facade, 's the room in which dead bodies arooxpoBod to viow in order that they may be claimed. This room is separated from the hall by a long, windon with inside otir taias^ . wbïch may bo, drawn whon necessary. There aro twelve tables of blnokiruarblo, and the room is lighted from the ceiling. , There is a plentiful supply of water and the ventilation Is perfeot There is a room for the guard inns of tho Morgue ut the cntranoo hall and au offion for'the regis« trnr at tue loft. 1 There ara four inscriptions engraved on tho walls, informing tho publia tbat thora is no charge for a holy olaimed. and that every servi ;o rendered uy the assistants IB gratu'tons. ' The ohjeot of this inBoription four ti .ni es reposted, is' {o do awavwlth.a long'eiiBtingpreJudloe that ovbrybo ly '.claiming rt dead hody 'bbould.. in sonie. oases pay twenty-fivo francs and- in others fifty francs. Tho superintending magistrate pf criminal affairs found it r.oocs eary, so lonrç uncle ai tho'year 1730,' to post a notice at tho gato ol tho prison of the. Chatolut, informing tho imbi io that thora was no ohargo for a dead body claimed i but a» many wero unable to read nt that period tho prejudice against claiming a dead body still existo!.' No eft'ort bas been spared to p otcct the health of all parsons .oonueafed with tliis establishment A photographie apparatus is liVe unolalmcdboHosia proicrved. , .BRAWLING IN COURT-In tho Oonrt of ' Queen's Bench, on Thnrsday, tbe Hon. George Denman, QC, mo'cd for a rule certiorari to remove an order mada at the Quarter SeBBions of Middlesex, ' told in March lost Tho learned oouDsel moved on behalf c f Mr Pater a' barrister, who it may bo remembered, waa fined £20 for allegod contempt df Court. '' Mr. Puter, being ongagod.. in tho defence of o prisoner before Mr. Payne,'tho Deputy Judge, ol>J»otëd to .the ooiirse talion by theproscuntor'B counsel, upon wbioh the foremsu of tho Jurv interposed,'and Faid-" Wo kn'ow-whafc the obj ct of that is .Mr. Pater,made another objeotion to the modo of einminaUon adopted by tho prosecutor's counsel, when tbe foreman of the Jury again interposed, saying that counsel had no right to 'imputa falsehood to a ' witness j to wuioh Mr. Taler replied that lt would bo botter for the foreman not to come Into collision with him. This inttrforenco waa nnotocko'd by the Court. - in. his address to tho jury Mr., P<ttor,m.'aao'usó 1 of; tba following words J - " I thank God there ls more than one juryman, for if thora wera' anly one' arid ho the foreman, I know what; tho verdict would be.".* ' Mri 'Paytie' immediately robuke'd the obunsel, and oallcd nponihim to relrûot tho obsîrvalfon. ? This he rtfusod to do and was.aca:rdingly Hued £20. for oontempt of Court. Mr. Pater alleged that he had'aetorl oona fide, and according to his discretion. '.' Mr. Dorman Faid that tho reason of.the application hoing mids to this Court was -that the fina had not yet "been estrcat'd Into tho OcUrt ot' Exoheqner willoh be watiioil not lo ho done until Miolmolmas next. Mr.' Jostles Blookburn-^" Eor a rùlo niti, nltriost the only point is, whether wo hava.Juriadiotion " The learned aouutel submitted,-tho-Ojurt had -Jurisdiction, where Ones had ¿eon Imposed for contempt of Goori, to Uko--notice ot what the contemptuous words were, and ho cited, n caso in support. Tho Lord,Oh hf Jmtio3-j- . Bot in that basé tío allsged'contempt was rofusin> to do what the p»i ty rcfus'ng oouM not bo legally compelled to do " Mr, Jestica Black, burn-" Do yon draw,any'.distinction bètwesn o'sirriefior and Inferior court In oases rf flnos î"'Mri. Dáñman -' -Tfe's;'' Their Xordshins- ultimately, deeming the oaWto bi ono of tho gravest ¡ínp'ortanoe, tis nfTooling tho I ositioh of advocative granted a ralo hfiï'for'the'moro fall discussion of tho question. J'' ''. ,'? ' . < *';," . GAsinAtnr ÁKn'.Tua MiitrAnt1 OI.VDS.-Wolur«lo.''star/il that there belog a (treat do-ire 'amongst tho iniomVers' bf the'United BarvlcoXllnVfo"admlt Garibaldi as an. honorary member tho quos lon was raised ss to whether 'ho1 actually held aaamraission ia tbs Italian army.- This [frot having beeá'aibertaiued lo tho negative ti resolution iwns .adopted that jit would-be,OJnl'ar», to csUblishid oustem1 <o.»!mlt y lim. \- Únittti Sarv'ct Qwttt, .'"'\ ubi ? 