FORBES. [from the Herald's Corronxrade&LI; And so bufchranging is not yet dead amougBt ub. After nursing hie l.me log into a state of convales cence, Sen Hall assumes the chieftainship of the fag end of tbe bandit gang who have prowled ever and plundered these regionB during tbe last two yean. Tbis scoundrel, tis jet, appears to wear a charmed ex istence, and notwithstanding his active participation in that sujurlative pitce of rufiunisni which termina ted in the destruction of a considerable amount of Mr. Campbell's property, and thirsted after his lite, there are mill those who sympathise with hiin, aud regard him as a victim of police persecu'ion. As you have already been informed through the telegraph wire, this worthy, who hus thereput»tion of carrying a handsome face, and his associate a very uglj one, st»pped and robbed three dray, neav Cauo. windru. -when they overhauled the whole of the load, ing in a very unceremonious manner, selecting for booty a singular assortment of merchandise, con. sitting - f men's, women's, and bojV boo's, whips, women's apparel, and sundry articles toa nutrierou!- to detail. \Vlicn I tell your readers 1 hat the value of the pioperiy stolen bytheBe plund'.rers amounts to something uiore than the csrriage-imney of the un fortunate te .meters, and that they w- re utidtr the ne. cessity, after all their toil and care in driving tlieir loads from Sydney to Forbes, of borrowing a ]i tie roorey to csrry them bsck to liathurst, I imagine th-.t the honest and respectable portion of ihemwill regard with feelings very much ak-in to disgust and abhor rence the sympathies with ttie comply miscreant who prefers living upon olhir people's industry to eatinz honest bicad. It would bea blefsingto this partcf the ciuntty if Ben Hall's csreerwere cut short by a bullet, a rope, or a 6ujourn at Cockatoo, and that his ugly mate shared his let. After the interview of the pair with the two ladies referi cd to in your telegram, they h«d a chat with Mr. Bewler about several bits of horse-flesh, of which he is the proprietor, and huving promised hitn impunity, piocteded on their way to Tummenbit, a station of Mr. John Suttor's, at which, when Mr. Hamilton's pioperiy, Hall spent a considerable por tion of his - arly life. Calling at a sheep etation in. the vicinity, tbey demandid and obtained refresh ments; snd, having partaken thereof, they started on tlieir journey, jauntily promising paj ment when next they passed that way. Although Furbes is by no means in a stiic of active, vigorous prosperity, the feeling ef despondency, which was once all but universal, has disappeared, tnd is replaced by as gtneral a confidence. The liillabong, I need harcly say, is the cynosure amougBt the diggers and diggings of the Lacblan region. In ad dition to the four engines now at work crushing, two others are shortly exptcted — one froai Victoria, of forty horse-power, with machinery to correspond. Indeed, should the numerous reef* discovered of Iste prove payable, or the greater portion of ihem, all the crushing power, present and prospec'ive, will be utterly inadequate to the requirements uf the Held. There are now about 3000 tons of quartz waiting to be cruthed at the various improved retfs, but wi'.liout tny immediate prospect of being tested, f jr mnt of the neccssary appliances. The Uushmin'e R.tf still maintains its reputation, and, at a moderate climate it iB believed, will yielel to each of its fortunate proprietary some £10,000 or £12,000. It ib intended to locate a commissioner permanently upon the tiuld, Mr. Sub- commissioner King being the one sel.eted for this duty. Mr. King arrived a lew days ago, and is .about lo take his departure for Currajong, where his presence as a magistrate, apart from ivia ofheia] duties as a commissioner, will be of service to the community. Although considerable quantises of gold itind their way from theBillabong to Forbes, it is tbe produce of a few claims, and if, therefore, confined to a few hands. A very semiblc benefit, however, is felt from the money it puts into circulation, aud so soon as additional power is brought to bear in the quartz crushing operations around Currsjong, a very decided change for the better w ill supervene. A rather amusing care of that disreputable practice of 'jumping ' shares, the power to do which is giveu by the present mining laws, occurred st the Uille bong a ftw days ego. A person named Baker, whs ranks amongst the knowing ones, and knowa how to make the most of an opportunity, got a hint that a woiking miner who represented a share belonging to a citizen of Forbes, had neglected to take out a miner's right. Not being quite sure upon the psint, and u'raid to make enquiries upon the spot, lost his purpose might be divined and thwarted, he started for Forbes, fast aB hor«e-flesh would cirry hina, and contrived to get into a confidential conversation, with the owner, who in an unguarded moment blurred out tne tact, tnat he had iorgotteu, as requested by his representative, to take out his minsi's right. | This avowal waB all that was wanted. Ia a trice Baker was on his way back. Tam O'Shanter's mare haidly rubhed away from the ghost at a quicker pace than Baker rushed towards his golden claim in ex pectancy. With a commendable promptitude the reef was reached, the share jumped, and a man put in possession, and thus for the time-being was this Siece of legalised robbery brought to a conclusion. ?oubly sharp people, however, frequently overreach themselves, lu tne hurry of the hour, Mr. Baker forgot that his own representative had no miner's right. The circumstance was quickly discovered by the original proprietary, who quickly dispossessed the intruder and re-jumped tiie share. Thus tbe adventurous, industrious Baker got his labour for his pains. The share in question is Baid to be worth about £200. Several valuable shares now yielding good returns to iheir owners have been obtained in this worse than questionable fashion. Tl.e news from the Pinnacle still continues satis factory. About a hundred miners are at work upon the ground. Mr. Baldwin, stoiekeeper, of Forbes, has recently jumped a portion of the prospecting claim, said to be in excess of the area al lowed to prospectors, and purposes setting f mrteen men to work. A part of this seizure has been pegged out by Mr. Watson, ofthe Crystal Palace, and the dispute between these two claimants is a question for the decision of the commissioner. An opinion pretcy generally prevails that good alluvial diggings will yet be found in the neighbourhood. An engine and crush ing machinery will shortly be erected upon a conve nient spot in Mr. Strickland's run, known as Bnyd. Excellent specimens of auriferous quartz continues to be found amongst the mullock at the Fountain head Range, North Lead, near Forbes. The shaft is now upwards of 120 feet deep, and it is the opinion of good judges that a rich reef is close at hand. The expense incurred by the shareholders iu the erection of a whim and making other necessary arrangements for the prosecution of the workings is in earnest of their own faitji ia the prospects of their undertaking. Since the last notice which appeared in your journal about the movements of Ben Hall, it has transpired that he and his mate made their appearance at the Biilabong, Several rumours followed of stolen hones, amongst which was one that a horse belonging to Mr. Tom, a squatter of that neighbourhood, worth £50,jhad disappeared. A day or two afterwards, however, this aud tiie other horses turned up, so for once the Pin nacle bushranger has been maligned. Tuere is a little further news relative to the das tardly and murderous attack of the two miscreants upon Mr. Barnes on Sunday morning last, about t«ro miles from the Southern Cross, The spot selected for their diabolical purpose is a sand-hill, the road over which passes through a dense pine scrub, which is admirably adopted for the object iu view. Upon the approach of the mail a cry ot ' pull up ' came from the srub, tbe response to which not being so prompt as the robbtrs desired, one of tbem fired at the driver, who heard the bullet whiz past him, at a short dis tance, whereupon the horses took fright and galloped on, when a second shot was fired, and a second bullet, as it fortunately happened, sped by Mr. Barnes on its harmless mission, clote by his person. The horses dashed on their course, and as the bushrangers were on foot Mr. Barnes did not attempt to check them. On the following day two mounted troopers were dis patched to the spot, within fifty yards of which a pocket handkerchief was found, with the name of one of two men who had been seen the day before by Mr. Barnes, about the Southern Cross public-hou;e. As yet, however, nothing further has transpireel in con niotion with the affair. Morris, the publican, who was brought up about a fortnight ago upon a charge of perjury, at the instane;e of a horse dealer named Hty, whom he had previ ously charged with horse-stealing, acquittal b :ing the result in both cases, has again been charged with wil ful and corrupt perjury, uttered by him in a second charge of horse-stealing preferred against Hey. The caBe is still pending, the defence not having yet been gone iuto. There bas, doubtless, been a vast amount of false swearing connected with these cases, and it W.uld be u blessed riddance to society if the guilty party were brought to the bar of public justice, and made to expiate his offences. May 10th. It iB stated that the Emperor of Bussie, on account of the present condition of political affairs, has autho rised the Grand Duke Constantine to return to St. Petersburg, and that his Imperial Highness will re sume his duties in connection with naval affairs with out participating in the general business of the State. 