PJBOLOGUES. TO THE EDITOR. sir—it grieveth me much that men be not eon tent to do honour to mv poor name in good English, prose. _ Wherefore should rhymes called prologues Lie indited for "tea meetings" and other merry makings! They were wont to be used only in their proper place—on the stage—to set forth the mean ing. time, and circumstance of the after-coming play. But now, methinks, nothing can be done without prologues, let them be never so foreign to the purpose. They be plenty as blackberries, and without the flavour. The rather should I thus speak now because of mine own Birthday. Ton love my plays beyond their deserts, which gireth me much joy. Bat prithee do not berhyme me after this sorry fashion:— " But vain the task to speak his praise aright Whose honoured name has drawn us here to-night To hold with loud and grateful accl imation This tercentenary commemoration." rd as lief listen to a 'wry-necked flute; or a March wind playing psalms through the keyhole. Nay, no praise at all would be better than that which causeth pain. Here, again, be woeful lines "We meet to-night, not without fears and quailings, And crave indulgence for our numerous failings ; Yet not on Shakspeare shall the odium lie, Buton ourselves for our audacity." , This be mad : work, my masters I Honest Ben, who now and then beareth me company in these ghostly realms, fell a swearing roundly when he saw it, and gaged both his wings that the men who indited such poor conceits had never seen our plays. But I tola him not to take on so. More meet it seemeth to me to let John Gardner, that learned clerk dispose of the hapless rhymstera according to his own good judgment. I do remember me that nearly a hundred years ago a certain Garrick aided and abetted by one Boswell and other shallow-pated fellows, did much distress me by nonsensical rhyme. They pranked themselves out, and carried on with some most admirable fooling at Stratford. But the whirligig "of time ought to have changed the fashion. Be there Boswells now! O, it offends me to the soul But, soft! methinks I scent the morning air; Adieu; remember _ . . SHAKSPEABETS GHOST. Elysian Fields, April 23,1864. 