MR. TENNYSON'S 'NORTHERN FARMER.' , - .{From MacmiUans Magazine.) Ax .the Academy dinner, in the spring, the Arch bish(^ of Canterbury had the candour and the good nature to single out the 'little lady' in — Mr. Hillais' .'Second Sermon,' as preaching ;=. .wholesome tinth to himself and his clerical -j, . btethren. But what a sermon, what a lesson, to . . priests and people' i6 contained in Mr. Tenny son's *? Northern Farmer 1' T hough'pie author is considerate enough to note himself that his personage Is one of the ' old style,' who can doubt that substantially he has embodied for us, . thought and feeling, a%pe— ay, and an en iaobled one,' of full four-fifths of the' present agri jradtural population of England, . below the so called ' gentlemanrfarmer ?'- That type, no doabt, is passing -byf «b that one can but rejoice r. . . ftbat it has now been cast in perennial verse, but . St will be years, decides, .perhaps more than a -. - ^e^tuTy, before its iastlineaments have dissolved . »way. TiU|igw.,at any rate. ij'has its represen- - tativeB in every country, probabty iu every niral » jparish. Look-on it, and you! will see what : ^Christianity, civilisation, and Protestantism. ? combined have done £«? the English agricu^^ . - -*ist,np to well into the nineteenth oentury a&k; \- : Christ, the fourth from Gutenbu^from Lather.^ A creature whoso last thought on Ms death-bed is of his ale, of which he has had his pint every j. night, and bis quart every market night ; whose Iast feeUbgl^owards God is diae of rebellion to waihds fiim^fdr taking away the wrong man. and at the wron^g^tiie ; whose only notion of the ^isq7mi&|^^«mu who reads one per fectly inco^^^P^ble sermon ? a week, and comes to visit the Bick ' when he wauts his tithe from them ; whpse only idea/Jf his jrights as a freeborn Englislunan is j;hat of voating wi' squoire an' Choorch an' Stalte/' and never voty ing down church-rates ; '^;hose highest. view Sp morality consists in maiotainiag his bastaftis sria believer in 'boggles,' i.e., ghosts; adisbeUever: in the steam engine j a many-acred flunkej^ag|: tent to find his supreme honour in ttie aorolewM 1 ' quolity' as they see.'liim passing by^^'Dmd. died' only by the thought of- whom liis aroent squiie will choose to toss ,to, as ajbon^/to one] among a host of hung^y curs, that^hdmi which j ,^6 has spent liis. life'.fi?' ' i 1 ' §uch is' one whole side of'thppiijtpre ;-but now j look 'on the other. What, ^takings of a man may yon not find in his cr8velli€e earth I The words-r-\ ' '? . Git me mywaale I-.tell thai ah' gin Tniun doy I . gre not tb^e lafit hiccough jof the ''drunkard, the J W^d -despairing shriek df the se man is no 3rwikard ;-ilie bas-knowil!all fais life. When to drf^odiis pint aud his quart. He is looking dep.th;j3tedfastly in the face, like any old Viking, disdaining to turn out of his way for the sake ^tthe King of .'Terrors : — , Git me my yaale, for I be'ant agooin to b|*eak my rule. / , He is no more afraid of death than he is of *' boggles,' however firmly he may -believe in the . latter. The ' boggle' in Thoroaby waste, he has heard it often, — ' aboot and aboot.' Yet he was not to be hindered by a ' boggle' from doing his life work of 'breaking up the waste. He has thrust it out of his way like a rock or a stone : — But I stubb'd an oop wi' the lot, an' raaved an' rembled un oot He believes in God, though he may not trem ble before him like a devil. He knows he is *' Godamoighty.' He rebels against His wisdom, in not -rather taking away Jones, who 'ant a* aapoth o' sense,' or Robins, who niver mended a fence.' His idea of God has clearly not risen above -that of a great Might above — stern, inflex ible, inscrutable, unreasonable seemingly. Yet -that Might is'not envious, malignant, spiteful — not a devil under another name, like too many a profusely pious Christian ; it is Some One who will bear speaking to, will bear no grudge to those even who grumble when he calls. He has learned little from parsons or from any other teachers, and, therefore, thinks he has bat little to learn. He has bat few thoughts to fill up his rugged old life. And yet two grand ' thoughts — rooted so deep that they seem mere instincts of spontaneous growth— have spread all through it. the two thoughts which, more than any others, make the hero — duty and work. He has paid tithe to the parson on his death-ded, because it was his duty. He has maintained a child which was fathered on him, because it was his duty, though the mother 'wur a bad un.' He has done his duty by the squire in voting for him, managing for him, 'come Michaelmas thirty year,' tho' ' squoire's in Lunnon,' and be is here. He has done his duty, he thinks, to alL Nay, doing his duty himself, he gives other neo on. the whole, credit for doing theirs. When 'parson ' was booming away over bis headtbose incomprehensible sermons, he still ' thowt a 'ad summut to saay,' nay,1 ' thowt a said whot a owt to a' said.' He believes that 'squire' will not give the land after him to senseless Jones or thoughtless Robins. He believes that quality do justice to his own worth. Only other men's duties seem .to him thin and slight, compared with his. The parson ' read WQ.nn sarmin a weeak' — he has 'stubb'd Thornaby waaste.' For, above all, he has dose his duty by the land. That duty is for him the measure of all the others : — I~done my duty by un as I ha' done by the land. Tbere lies his pride, his treasure, his hope. If he finds fault with 'God Amoighty,' it is simply that, in calling him away, instead of Jone6 or Robins, he does not show sufficient ap preciation of good farm-work. I bcant wonn as saws 'ere a bean an' yonder a pea. That is his title to consideration, in God's sight. The hardship -of dying is mainly that God must — Taake -ma now, Wi* anf the cows to cauve, an' Thornaby holms to plow, that he has not been able quite to finish the one gfeat work of his life, that which he has carried ! out hitherto in spite of ' boggles' and men, the j stnbbing up and ploughing of Thornaby waste. What a noble, honest, ay, artistic pride in his survey of that work — Dubbut looak at the waaste ; tfaeer warn't not fead for a cow : Nowt all but bracken and fuzz . * » * * * * * * an' now theer's lots o* fead, Fourscore yows npon it, an' some on it doon in sead. And what an honest pathos in the .regret at leaving it unaccomplished — Nobbut a bit on its left, an' I meand to ha' stubb'd it at fall, Done it ta- yar I meand, an' runn'd plow thruff it an' all, If Godamoighty an' parson 'nd nobbut^let ma aloan. - Y ^ Observe that this love, this well-nifh wofship of 'thelond,'is almost utterly unselfish. He knows well that the bulk of what he farms is not his; that it will be disposed of to others by another. He is to himself but as it were the fore-ordained cultivator, fertiliser of the land for others' benefit ; a wonderful first-rate tool, which he rather fancies has fallen into careless hands. He thinks nothing of his own future ; but hs of the annoyancCto his squire of losi^io thinks good a farmer — % An' squoire 'ull be sa mad ariyill^itS8ear, a' dear! 1 He thinks of the odious — Kittle of steam, Huzzin' an' maazin' the blessed fealds wi' the devil's oan team, ! And that is the thought which reconciles frim to dying— ' ; . i But gin I muu doy I mun doy, for I couldp : abear to see it. 1 So that, in short, the more one looks into the face, of this ale-drinking clod, the more there disaBgages itself the' figure of a grand : o!d : heathen, a worshipper of Tellus and Hertia, whose bodily motions may take place in the sphere of the nineteenth ceptuiy civilisation, but over whose spirit, -j|j§i skid before, eighteen centuries-cg; Christianity have passed- in vain. Of a Father in heaven, of a Saviour of man-j of a Holy Spirit, he knows /literally- nor the cockchaffer booming of the^iiloh nas utterly failed to convey to his mind the slightest idea of these. The great Power in heaven, whom he acknowledges to rule even oyer his own-dear goddess Hertha^ ' Godamoighty,' \ v 1 appears to him rather in|fti^^ht of a Supreme Landlord, and not a very discriminating one. Of that Gracious One, whom Barnabas and Paul preached to/bis fellow-heathen at Lystra, the giver ^xof 5 rain- %rom heaven and fruitful seaso^ihe God who filleth 'our heart with foodl^p ' gladness,' of that Near One whom Paul preached to his fellow-heathen at Athens, whose offsprings we also are, not a glimpse has «bme to him over the ages. r Let the clergy look to it, I say. Here is a solemn warning for them. Not only on this account/ that such spiritual types of laymen as the ' ^Northern Farmer ' correspond necessarily and essentially to that of the ' parson,' who ' reads wonn sarmin a weak,' and only visits, men on their death-beds to torment them with reproofs for their past sins.. Tb^t type, let ug |Mpe, is fast passing away. Buj^itthis — that as fespects sermons — the ' Northern 'Farmer ' i6 by n^'taeans an exceptional type of feeling. There is probably hardly a layman in the British Isles* if he be honest enough to confess it, to whom these words do not come home by manifold ex perience— j An' I eerd un a bummin awaay loike a buzzard- j clock ower tnv head : i ki^I-n iver jtna wM whot a mean'd. but Fthowt !X^|^.#&tom;'ut to saay. An T'thowt a^ said whot a owt to 'a said, an' I ; .corned away. How much of the devotion of the moist devout portion.of the most devout congregations rises any further than the dull, well-behaved assump tion that the minister (aye, and of any denomi nation, in church or chapel, on either side of the Tweed or Irish Channel) has said what he ought1 to have said. I fear there are but few congrega tions where the proportion of the truer worship would be more than a slender one, .could Aemo deus turn spiritual statician to reckon it. We are impatient in civil life of a speech which does not rise above mediocrity. We are thankful at our public worship for a sermon that does not fall below it. And who can wonder that those who are conscious in themselves of powers made fruitful already, of which no one has taught them to see the source above — nay, who have been expressly taught by their very clerical in structors to look upon these as ' worldly,' as 'natural,' as within tht sphere of human capa city — should leave their place of worship with feelings of proud contempt, exactly akin to those of the ' Northern Farmer,' though the grounds of such pride may vary ad infinitum — A reads wonn sarmin a weaak, an' I ha' stubbed Thornaby waaste ? Such is a little of the deep truth which lies be neath the surface of this wonderful poem—be neath that thick crust of broad humour which makes the reading of it to some, otherwise by no means unappreciative admirers of its author, 'one long convulsive laUgh. . Never, surely, has Mr. ^Tennyson written anything of its kind so perfect. It is no pen-and-ink sketch, but an etching, bitten in with aquafortis into the metal of the character itself which he has sought to represent. . j 