MARYBOROUGH. WE have received files of the Chronicle to the 2nd instant, and take the following extracts from them: A very narrow escape from total destruction by fire of two cottages in course of erection in Lennox-street for Mr. John Eaton, occurred on Sunday afternoon last. Some mischevious young urchins, who have been engaged in several pranks of this kind, and who are being watched by the police, it appears set fire to the shavings within the building, which rapidly seized upon the floor, and was extending to the sides of the building, when it was most fortunately dis- covered, and by the active exertions of persons resident in the neighborhood was promptly ex- tinguished. The damage done, w'e believe, will not exceed £10. The Ghost of Taabinga has played us a trick. Appearing at a ghostly hour of night he laid before us a mysterious packet, endorsed " Re- port of Mr. Edward's speech to his constituents at Gayndah." We courteously signified that it should be duly published ; but, strange to say, the packet, like the ghost, has vanished. A " ghost" wrote to the Chronicle in days gone by some very clever and pungent letters, and we hoped we had secured the services of another, but he has played us a prank. He may, how- ever, mean this as an introduction to a further acquaintance, and we may yet be ableto publish his ghostly communications. From a private letter from the Burnett dig- gings we are furnished with the following valu- able information :-" I am glad to say the diggers on the whole seem satisfied, I should think there are above sixty now on the diggings, a great many have arrived lately, and several have also left, but none of those who have left have done so, but with the intention of getting work during shearing, and then returning. The great cause of theie leaving is the want of a store on the diggings, and consequently the difficulty of getting rations ; but now this will be done away with, as Mr. Frank Connolly has arrived for the purpose of opening a store and butcher's shop ; and from alll I can hear a great many people will come after shearing. There seems to be a very general opinion among the diggers tht there is a large and rich deposit of gold in this neighborhood. A sad accident befel a man named Carberry, yesterday (Tuesday) aftenoon, while engaged in pile-driving at the wharf being erected at the Union Saw-mills. The unfortunate man was on the ladder of the monkey, adjusting some portion of the machinery, when through a woodon lever which he was using snapping, he fell back from a height of sixteen feet, striking the back part of his head against the flooring which supported the monkey, completely scalp- ing it ; he was also severely bruised about the body, but, as far as can be ascertained, no bones were broken. Having been promptly conveyed to the hospital, he was immediately attended to by Dr. Ward, and we are glad to hear that there is every hope entertained that his life will be spared. The Bishop of the Anglican Church, Dr.Tuff- nell, journeying northward, per Queensland, spent last Wednesday evening and the following morning in Maryborough. During the morning (Thursday) the rite of confirmation was ad- ministered to a number of persons in the pre- sence of a large attendance of the members of this communion. Mr. Cracknell, the Superintendent of Tele- graphs, passed through Maryborough on his way from the north this week, and communi- cated the pleasing intelligence that the insula- tors for the telegraph had arrived, per Queens- land, and that the wire would commence to be stretched between Maryborough and Gayndah in about nine days. Pending the erectlon of the new post and telegraph offices, we understand one of Mr. Reed's new- buildings has been secured for a temporary telegraph office. THE WEATHER. - The late thunderstorm, though not discharging sufficient rain to soak the earth, has been exceedingly refreshing. Vegetation has been quickened, and the face of nature looks quite young and beautiful again. We are informed by a gentleman just returned from the Dawson, that the want of water we have been complaining of has not been felt in the Burnett district, but that for some weeks past there have been replenishing showers there. 