GAYNDAH. Ifkom odb own correspondent.! The very last minute of the very last hour your devoted correspondent mechanically takes up his pen to add his usual mile to the news of the ' Chronicle,' but as usual with very utile news and still smaller prospect of such news proving entertaining to your readers. What a thing it is that nobody kicks up a row here ; what a pity that we are all so peaceably dis opsed, and nothing will happen to give your humble servant the ghost of a chance to tell you anything new; but never mind, we'll jog along merrily, and though I have not any ' sensation' news, thank goodness I have no thing to complain ot. Ail 1 can say is what other people say, and people will gossip ; and since the arrival of your journal there has been quite a sensation, and the poor ' Chronicle' has been pulled a.bout from one to another with great impatience. The cause of this has been the publication of the little pugilistic arrange ment between two of you Maryborough men, who have both hitherto been looked upon with respect by those who knew them hereabouts. It certainly is something rather uncommon (even in Maryborough) for two gentlemen hold ing such honourable positions in society as Messrs. Sheridan and Reed to come to blows, and in such a place and on such an occasion, when they must have been surrounded by their most intimate friends and acquaintances ; and I do not wonder that under the circumstances you considered it right to give publicity to the whole affair, for it is clear that as your journal is the . reputed cause of the disturbance, the duty fell on you to explain the matter to the public. If your statement be correct, as I have uo doubt it is, uo one can have a doubt as to who was the aggressor. How a gentleman of Mr. Sheridan's position could so far allow his better feelings to give way under such trifling foibles and vent his unprovoked rage in the way he did, is to say the least disgraceful. As far as Mr. Reed is concerned, I agree with you that he acted very wisely under such try ing, and, by-the- bye, I should say ' painful' circumstances. However, ti is past, and I would refrain from alluding to the matter again (well knowing that the mere remembrance of it must be alike painfully unpleasant to both), were it not that [ think I am adopting only fair means of show ing you the general opinion here. I sincerely | regret the whole occurrence, and trust that for the future we may see a little more good feel ing in Maryborough. We have heard enough of disgraceful meetings of the Corporation, of petty squabbles and jealousies in private, of offensive letters, &c.;, &c.;, but now we shall expect to see a change for the better. Try and germinate the spark of unity and end this civil warfare, and then we may look to you as ex amples, but at present we see nothing worthy of it. One of the prettiest buildings we have in the town now is the hospital ; it has wonderfully changed appearances by the ornamental fenciug which has been put before it, and indeed is quite a credit to the town. The Roman Catholic chapel which was com pleted about two months ago, is still unused ; the Rev. O'Donohue (who was instrumental in collecting subscriptions for the building) hav ing unfortunately been called to England before it was scarcely finished. However, I believe we shall have a pastor in a very short time. The debate at the School of Arts last Monday night, if not characterised for any great eloquence, was decidedly amusing. The sub ject was 'What is to be done with the blacks?' The worthy opener (Mr. A Walker) appeared to approve of your principle of getting the blacks together, and adopting measures for their education and employment, but the 'mustering' pait of the business seemed an insurmountable difficulty to most of the speakers ; and notwithstanding the arguments adduced by the opener, who shewed that it was merely a matter of money, men, and horseflesh, the decision was against him by a majority of five or six. The weather is still unchanged, being re markably cold, but very fine. Gayndah, July 2oth, 1864. 