' THE TOM TIT EXPEDITION; on, ANOTHER "ATTEMPT" AT THE DESCRIPTIVE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-Having read in your issue of the 6th instant an account of a crusade, against the feather tribes, undertaken by certain of our Richmond friends, and the perils they underwent, it has induced me to follow their tracks to the Holy City, in order that further interesting particulars of the expedition may not be lost to the world. It appears that in this region heavy was" has the power of transforming Wattle birds into Tom Tits, and our devotees, chagrined at the circumstance, resolved at once to change the shrine of their devotions and offer up a sacrifice to Bacchus at the Lion and Lamb, and which they accordingly did as sincere votaries to the jolly god; and from what " subsequently befel them it is strongly suspected that the grateful deity supplied them with nectar But as evening was drawing nigh, and the poet says- -a " No man can tether time or tide, The hour approaches when our friends must ride." The devotees started homewards, but at such rate as if they had through the interest of their deity obtained a loan of Pegasus to help them. They were not long in arriving at the lower temple, where they again poured out libations to the presiding deity. As the lamp of day had now descended below the horizon, and the "lamps" of the devotees being much out of order, and not being provided with one according to law, they soon came to disaster, being precipitated to mother earth, shaking with their colossal frames the surrounding neighborhood, and causing numbers of persons to rush forth in dread of an earthquake. But nothing daunted they soon again mounted the car, for as the Bard says, " Inspiring John Barleycorn What dangers can'st thou make us scorn With tippenny we fear no evil With usque baugh wo face the Devil." and accordingly away they speed as if drawn by the last named personage as well as the steed borrowed from Bacchus. But alas ! misfortunes never come singly and the gallant warrior par excellence, of the party was soon placed hors de combat, and his bush friend's nervous system visibly trembled. Being assisted however by a good Samaritan who chanced to pass that way they were once more enabled to pursue the road-but on foot-for their Escape- hales had bid them good night. Proceeding thus, and soliloquising on the uncertainty of human pleasures, they were suddenly startled by the appearance of what might naturally appear to the excited imaginations of mortals who had been so recently holding intercourse with the gods, to be the ghost of the road trustee of Campania dis- puting the " right of way in the shape of a huge stump in the midst of the road, and upon it they poured out their imprecations, as well as upon the road trustees in general. But as ghosts in the present day have no more substance than of old, as daylight appeared it was found to have vanished into the air, not having left a trace behind-in- deed, bad there been a stump in the road our devotees were well gratified to have seen two - On arrival at the domestic hearth and endeavoring to account for the disasters which befel them the pilgrims were constrained to attribute them all to their own folly 1 1 " Now what this tale of truth shall read Each man and author's son tak' head Whene'er to drink you are inclined Or cutty pipes run in your mind Know you may buy your joys too dear Bomembor the gallant Major, his friend, and their bold charioteer. Yours, &e.;, A TRUSTEE OF THE RICHMOND ROAD. ODDFELLOWS' BALL. -The twelfth annual Ball in aid of the Widow and Orphans' Fund of the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows, under the patronage of the Mayor and Aldermen, is to be held on the 29th of August at Del Sarte's rooms. From the select manner in which these entertainments have generally been carried out, and the charitable nature of the object, there can be little doubt that the assembly will be a numerous one and the reunion most agreeable. His Excellency the Governor has signified his intention of being present. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH. -On Monday evening, a meeting of the congregation of this church, was held in the school-room, Upper Goulburn-street, for tho purpose of considering the eligibility of renting an organ. The Rev. Mr. Cox occupied the chair, and after an explanation by Mr. Fryer of the terms upon which the organ could be hired, and of other matters connected with the business, it was resolved that the organ should be rented, and a subscription list was opened to defray the incidental expenses, and the rent for the first year. STAG HUNT Our sporting readers are reminded that a stag hunt is to come off at Melton Mowbray on Saturday next, the 30th instant, at 11 o'clock, in the forenoon. THE TOWN HALL ORGAN We perceive by advertisement in another column that the concert in aid of the fund for the purchase of an organ for the Town Hall comes off on Monday next, the 1st fired., at Del Sarte's rooms. The programme is likely to be a very attractive one, and there will no doubt be a numerous attendance, EBBATOK.-A misconception has arisen as to the duties of the Customs House officers at Hobart Town and Launceston, from the omission of a few words in our report of the Treasurer's explanation. He said that a larger staff was required in Launceston on account of the different nature of the duties, owing to vessels loading below the bar, but not that the duties of the officers were heavier in Launceston than Hobart Town. AXATBOB PERFORMANCE. An amateur performance is announced to come off on Monday evening next, at the Theatre Royal for the joint benefit of Messrs. T. Cook and M. Hornsby. Both gentlemen are well known among the amateurs of this city, and have been ever ready to lend their gratuitous services when they could by so doing, serve a charitable or public object. They present a varied and attractive programme, and we hope they will be supported as they deserve to be, LONGFORD MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. Archer, Esq., was returned as a Municipal Councillor without opposition 0. Chronicle. LETTER posted yesterday insufficiently stamped! -Mr. R, S. Waterhouse, Elizabeth-street. BPBOOBESSO»TELEORAJ>UT.-Tho latest development of cheap telegraphy is the announcement of a new company, which, by means of improved machinery, will transmit telegraphic messages throughout the United Kingdom at the uniform rate of 3d. Five years hence we shall be looking back upon the old days of fis. messages with even more astonishment than the days of the tenpenny letters, which the retirement of Sir Rowland Hill has so vividly recalled to us. 