iron art roil' at, (From a Correspondent,) PAULIAMENTARY CHANGES. Clarence — 'A little gale will soon disperse that cloud — And blow it to the source from. whence it came.' 2nd Part King Jle.niy IY, Mr. Abbott does not retire from the House of Assembly unless he is elected' a Member of the Council. Whether there will be any contest for Cambridge cannot be determined until the last day of no- I initiation, next week. There are only I about 120 electors in Cambridge on the I roll,— so that a majority of forty will I command the return, — and there are I nearly that number to Mr. Abbott's re quisition. Mr. Abbott does not enter the Legislative Council solely for tlie office of Chairman of Committees,— but he wijl have tlie usual chance, with other quali fied members for that office, at the dis posal of the Members of the Upper House. Mr. Abbott's return to t'oe Council will necessarily involve a vac% cy in the Assembly. Tbe favorite car. jidate for that office is Mr. Daniel gianfield, who is a native of the colony, and a Councillor for Clarence. If My. Stanficld will announce, tliere will pr-oba.bly be no. opposition ; but if he declines the nanus of Lewis (David), Stri),chan, Gellibmnd, and Dobson, are mentioned. The latter will not have ' the ghost of a chance,'— and Mr. Gellibraiid would not poll again as many votes as be did against Mr. Abbott under any circumstances. Mr. Dobeon's ingratitude to Mr. Urcgson, who appointed him to office, is well known in Clarence. Tho former may exclaim with Macbeth :— ' Out damned spot.' :\fr. Strachan contested tiie first clectfoa against Mr. Abbott,— but the latter beaded him by upwards of 70 votes. The choice of the electors will be between Messrs. Strachan and David Lewis,— in the event of Mr. Staufield declining. Mr. David Lewis is a non-resident,— but be is connected with the district by having lived iu it for years, and bis sire bos large property in the electorate. He does not belong Ui the Chapman party, and. would, no doubt, give the Whyte cum Meredith administration, a reasonable and fair support. It certainly is a cause of shame, and indeed a reproach against any district, with a population of 16ih) souls, that not one person can be found residing in tlie locality fitted to takp on himself the duties of representative nnd delegate; for iu the language nf Lord Brougham : — ' What is a representatire but the delegate of the opinions of his constituents 1' In tho event of a contest for Clarence 140 to 130 votes are generally recorded, although the roll numbers a much larger number. 