IN THE GOODWOOD CUP. II (From the Saturday Review.) It The popular voice associates Newmarket with a business, Epsom with fun, Ascot with muslin, and Goodwood with aristocratic company. But the ) voice of the people is not always the voice of the ; deity; its utterances are not always unquestionable. Newmarket certainly maintains its character for > business, and it may be one's duty as a Christian to \- believe in the fun of Epsom ; but Ascot is now ; something more than millinery, and Goodwood his its agents as well as its gentry. Still nature in each place remains unchanged. It is not easy, in the present stage of natural history, to ascertain what ', a horse may think about scenery. He would probably see more beauty in any crop of oats, or in any field of clover, than in the grandest views of the Alps or of the Pyrenees and he would, perhaps, unless he were out at grass in very hot weather, agree with the unimpressionable betting-man who declared "he didn't care for them 'humbugging trees." But a horse whose vocation it is to run races must care upon what ground he runs them; if he be conscious at all of having legs, he must care over what course they carry him. The well-bred horse may he perfectly indifferent to the advantages of local society, and regardless of the patronage of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, but he owns a more than sneaking kindness for the turf of Goodwood. And that turf last Thursday was in excellent order; the horse who would not have galloped Micro would have refused to gallop anywhere. On so important a subject as the race for the Goodwood Cup newspaper prophecy was, of course, required, and the oracles were, as usual, not dumb, but dark. You gathered from them that if a certain horse did'nt Le wouldn't win that if he did start he might be beaten, for penalties of weight make " fashions odds;" and that, of all the horses who started, one would undoubtedly come in first, unless there should happen to be a dead heat. But one metrical prophet deserves honorable mention. because, scorn- ing all subterfuge and ambiguity (except of expression) be, with a boldness, or a rashness, or an honesty unusual with his tribe, burst forth in, the following direct prediction l'- on Goodwood ward, if I reason right, (Moment ecstatic to Yankee Bright, Lincoln's worthiest scholar,) You shall mark the knee of laird and tyke, Peer and commoner bowed alike Before "The Almighty Dollar." The potency, if not the omnipotence of Dollar was sufficiently proved when he won the Goodwood Cup by a trifle less than a length. There is really something to boast of in so straightforward a prediction, and the prophet will probably go in the strength of that prophecy for at least forty days and forty nights. Why Dollar, after having been for so long a time first favorite, fell into disgrace, rumour alone can explain. It was whispered on one side that the horse was amiss, on another that Kitchener would not ride; and anxiety upon the latter point became intense amongst the uninitiated when the numbers of the starters were hoisted. For whilst the spaces beneath numbers 3,4,0, 7,8,9, li, 12, and 13, which signified Stradella, East Lancashire, Ranger, Queen Bertha, Glendusk,Little Stag, Lord Zetland, Holly fox and Esperance in order were filled up with the names of A. Edwards, J. Osborne, J. Goater, Ashmall, Heslop, Challoner, S. Adams, Covey, and Morris respectively, the space beneath number 6, which was Dollars, WON for some minutes empty. After a while, however, the name of Kitchener ap peared and was generally felt that if Dollar did not win, the failure would not be attributable to his rider. Nevertheless, the " hideous hum" of the betting oracles still continued to be, "I'll lay rigid Dollar agin Dollar I'll lay," and " I'll bet four to one lar one," the favorite being little Stag. Limosina, Lord Clifden, and Molly Carew I were " colored" upon the card ; but the absence of Limosina was almost a matter of course after her wretched performance for the Stakes on Wednesday. It was known early in the day that Lord Clifden would not start ; and Molly Carew, though she took her walk under the trees, scarcely looked fit company for the rest. The early withdrawal of Scottish Chief, on whom an enthusiastic adherent of Mr. Merry declared he " would have laid (figuratively, and not literally) the shirt off his back, left the followers of the " yellow and black cap at a loss for a choice and the consequent state of doubt into which the enthusiastic person already mentioned was thrown afforded an amusing instance of the very slight assistance, in the way of advice or information, which one of the common betting fraternity may expect from one another. The enthusiast happened to be sitting opposite an elderly man, whose fee tures and general air betrayed a connection with the " old clo' " line of business, and whose oracular remarks upon the. forthcoming races suggested the idea of a dilapidated Daniel come to judgment. To him, then, the enthusiast appealed for a hint about the probable winner of the race for the Cup, and received by way of answer the.upsurnnce, repeated solemnly over and over again, that "no three-year old wouldn't win the race." Thus encouraged, he Cent on to enquire which was the better mare, Stradella or Queen Bertha, and was told that there " wasn't the least comparison between 'our as Queen Bertha had never run the distance Stradella bad." "AhI"- said the enthusiast eagerly, "then you consider Stradella the best." "I didn't say so," answered the other. " I should have inferred it," replied the enthusiast, " from your remark," " You may infer what you please," send Daniel with a chuckle, and the enthusiast was rebuffed, though not Bilenced. However, Daniel was right, no three year-old did win the Cup, and it is a question whether even the redoubtable "Chief" could have wrested the victory from Dollar. How Little Stag attained and maintained such prominence in the betting was not easy to understand before the race, and was still more difficult to comprehend after it, for he was completely "tailed off." It is probable that his hard work had told upon him, and that he had become a thought " stale." A more Blocking exhibition than that of the magnificent Queen Bertha it would be difficult to imagine ; indeed, no animal in the race had a ghost of chance against Dollar with the except " tion of the half-bred East Lancashire, who ran well j all through, and proved himself to be a great horse. The victory of Dollar was received with mingled Pleasure and regret. This splendid sample of the lying Dutchman's stock, possessing as he does I both speed and staying power in abundance, affords a gratifying proof that the famous sire is capable of transmitting his fine qualities to his sons. It may be suspected that, if the Dutchman's progeny have not done much yet to enhance their father's fame, the fault has been on the mother's side. But one cannot help feeling sorrow that a horse of whom England is so justly proud, Should love been permitted to pass into French bonds, It would be idle to dispute the right of home owners to dispose of their pro ' perty in the best market, and it would be absurd to pretend that anything like discredit attaches to them for so doing; but if enlightened foreigners are permitted to carry away such sires as the Flying Dutchman, it would be better to submit with resignation to the inevitable consequence. Nothing can be said upon this subject there applicable than the old proverb, " You cannot Pit four cake and have it too." But the spirit and Hopes with which the Frppph have exerted themselves, to improve their breed of racehorses have now produced such substantial results that it was quite time that the allowance of weight which their horses used to receive for the Goodwood Cup should be discontinued. They have never ceased trying to win this race, and besides some earlier successes, they ran second for it last year with La Toucqucs. They brought out Dollar, in the early spring, for the Northampton but I do Stakes, which he won against good horses in such a style as disagreeably astonished those who had laid 25 to 1 against him. He peat at "northampton Fairwotcr and Wingrove, two of the b((ät ampler horses older than himself now in training. IIebi;»t,ofhjspwnyear,Bloiidin,tbowiiiner of the Goodwood Stakes in YVednppday, parrying exactly the same weight, namely, for ßlbs.j'and he beat, among three year olds, Lord Zetland, one of is competitors for the Goodwood Cap giving him 2st. for the year. If this performance had been recent there could have been no doubt in anybody's mind that Dollar would prove an exceedingly formidable antagonist to any English horse for the Goodwood Cup and even after the lapse of of nearly four months the military Pf it had such an effect that Dollar was at one time first favorite, although at starting the odds against him were IIB much as 10 to 1. This horse does not belong to the confederacy of which Count Lagrange is the best known member but his owner seems to enjoy a full share of the good fortune which has attended his countrymen on the stigma turf, seeing that he has won two important races, having up poor race the opportunity of getting consldeiRhlo puds about his horse. The representative of Count Lagrange and his friends on the occasion was Stradella, whose exploits in the early part of last year are only too well known. This mare who, like Dollar, is by an English sire beat the Marquis at only three pounds difference in weight, having the day before beaten Buckstone at sixteen pounds. These had been reckoned, along with Tim Whiffler, is the best horses of Stradella's year, and she beat them so that there could be no possible mistake about it The public, thinking they had got hold of a real good thing, employed the month which intervened before the Chester Cup was run for in heaping money upon Stradella. She started for that mon at 2 to 1, and out up miserably, being beaten far away by Asteroid, who, being one year older, carried 3 stone more than she did. It is a very remarkable example of the soothing influence of time that the public, after sustaining such a disappoint- ments should have been willing to back Stradella for the Goodwood Cup a five to one. The mare, in in her gallop, did not please the eye so well as Dollar. ' She went with her head in the air, her mouth wide open, and she threw her legs about all over the course. Lord Clifden was wisely withheld from a contest in which he could have reaped no honour, and his owner was represented by East Lancashire and Xiittto Stag. The latter (looked 'li m, i ., ' s, go J. , , a game and '. varmint", as ever. but rather worn and jaded with his hard season's work. The former, too, has his share of business to transact, as this is the eighth time he has been out this season, and he has been five times successful. Last year between thirteen times, and scored four victories Those who assert the deterioration of the present English thorough-bred horse will perhaps seek to support their theory by reference to the fact that this undeniably good animal is only half-bred. His sire, however, is Rataplan, who with his brother Stockwell, and his half-brother King Tom, has done much to confute this theory. The Duke of Beaufort's pair, Lord Zetland and Esperance, looked well and went well and the pace put on by Esperance from the start made the race exceedingly trying to every horse engaged in it, and such as those horses that were persevered with will not forget for a very long time. It has been already mentioned that Lord Zetland ran second to Dollar at Northampton, but he could not live with the French horse at Goodwood. Scottish Chief, who had been a good deal backed for this race, was scratched some days ago. It would have seemed beforehand that the Chief's prospect, if he had started for the Cup, would have been very hopeful ; but if Mr. Merry thinks his chance of winning the St. Leger good, it would be a pity to spoil it by asking too much of a willing horse That chance would scarcely have been improved by racing at such a pace as Esperance, and afterwards Dollar, led the field for the Goodwood Cup. Little Stag ran, as he always does run, gamely. When be gave way, his stable companion East Lancashire came to the front in unexpected force. However, the half-bred was not quite good enough company for the Frenchman, who seemed to win at last easily, the severity of the pace having cut down everything else. The Ranger, who was a bad third, broke down 200 yards from home. It is not improbable that more than one horse will have to look back upon the Goodwood Cap day of 186-4 as the last of his career upon the turf. There is no doubt but that the result of the race for the Cup has, to use language appropriate to the country where Dollar was bred, covered him and his rider with glory. It is Kitchener's second great achieve- ment within a few months, for he rode Vermuth when Vermuth was too much for even Blair Athol. No ' wonder, then, that he was greeted with cheers when he dismounted after the Cup. race to weigh. But the heartiness of the cheers was undoubtedly increased by the recollection that Kitchener was a Goodwood boy. If the triumph of the native rider was delightful, that of the foreign horse was surely not unpleasant. There were, at any rate, unmistakable cheers, and there were no groans, so that it will be impossible for Frenchmen any longer to suppose that Englishmen feel any jealousy of victories achieved by foreign horses. A genuine votary of the turf must witness with unqualified gratifica- tion such a fine performance as that of Dollar, and more particularly if he happened to stand to win upon him 