MISCELLANIES. THE WORLD'B END. (Written expressly for this Journal, by PETER 'POSSUM ) THERE are some scenes which sunshine cannot make cheerful. There is a sombre tepid hue in them which the glowing gilding of a comet summer cannot dis- guise. Such a scene is Lariss Backwater. Indeed, when the July sunbeams spangle the solitary waste, I think that it looks, although in a different way, even more desolate than when the white marsh fog is creep- ing over it like a phalanx of dumb ghosts, or the moon, plunging through leaden clouds with silvery fringes, is reflected for a moment in the sullen mirror of the lagoon. Lariss Backwater at high tide is a sheet of salt water, five or six miles long, and from one to two miles wide. At low water it is a hollow of mud and sand, interlaced with threads of trickling brine. Moist, mottled, diminutive green crabs crawl clumsily over the mud. Here and there you see a pennoned " plump" of rusty reeds or a patch of ragged bulrushes. Samphire spires pierce the salt slime. The sparse " spits " of wet, shingly sand are untidily draped with sea lettuce and sea grass. When the tide is in, long, broad streamers of olive-coloured oar-weed streak the grey waters like zebra stripes. A " sea-wall " runs along each side of the Backwater, saving from inundation marshy, dyke-divided meadows, in which coarse black cattle crop coarse red and yellow grass. The mournful wail of the curlew is heard from marsh and marge. Sometimes in winter the scream of the grey wild goose rings over the mere, and a few violet-polled wild ducks may be seen amongst the snowy gulls, rising and falling on the black, chopping, foam-crested waves. But loneliness — the loneliness of the landscape of a dreadful dream — is the chief characteristic of the Lariss lagoon. Oftenest no ear hears the moan of the winds that sweep over it, or the multitudinous plash of its melancholy waters. Small are the signs, or rather few are the relics, of human habitation on its banks. At the head of the Backwater there is a "hard," up which for many a year no boat has been hauled. Close by, a few bar- nacle-covered piles and cracked and crumbling cross- timbers, stll retaining in patches a little rusty, blistered pitch, are all that remain of what was once a wharf. Behind the ruined wharf are the ruins of a warehouse. From the upper floor projects a crane ; from its arm dangles a fragment of rusty chain ; the ap- paratus has a very gibbet-like appearance. Separated from the warehouse by a stable yard, whose gates were long ago split up for fire wood, and in whose centre stands, spectre-like, a tall, colourless stone pump, there is a deserted house. Its roof is a jumble of steep, dilapidated tile ridges, truncated chimney- stacks, and lankly verdant or dismally wilted weeds. Almost every diamond pane in the leaden-latticed windows has been smashed. Some of the upper shutters are closed, some swing backwards and for- wards on creaking hinges, some hang from single hinges — drooping like the broken wings of birds. The lower shutters have all been carried away. Beside the iron-knobbed front door there is a mossy mounting-block, with deep hollows worn in its ancient steps ; and, dacing the door, a stone horse-trough choked with earth and pebbles and rubbish. Beyond the trough is the stump of a signpost, for this dreary ruin, over whose many gables gloom hangs like a pall, once offered " good entertainment for man and beast," I remember roysterers within its walls, in spite of its solitary site, the sad sheet of water it overlooked, and its ill- omened sign. As a boy, I looked with awe upon that sign, and wondered how people could get drunk, and swear, and fight with it staring them in the face. It represented the globe wrapt in red flames and murky coils of smothering smoke. The World's End was the name of the house. Hugh Dennis was the last landlord of the World's End. He owned the house, and the wharf and the warehouse, and two or three barges and billiboy- schooners that used to come lumbering up the fair- way of the Backwater, laden with lime and coals and other honest goods. At least, those were their osten- sible cargoes, but the rumour ran that they took in freight which paid Dennis best, at sea. The spirit sold at the World's End was both marvellouslv good and marvellously cheap ; and, on the sly, Hugh was a wholesle as well as a retail spirit-seller. " World's End brandy" was drunk in sundry houses — "respectable" houses, too — a dozen miles or more from the World's End. Hugh was a tobacconist also ; through his instrumentality a parish hundred of Lariss became familiar with the scent and taste of genuine tobacco. Better cigars than those sold to men about town in London for fabulous prices, the squireens in the neighbour- hood of the Worid's End were able to obtain at a far lower figure. The drapers in Dulchester, the county twyn, marvelled where the Lariss ladies got their thick, glossy silks and richly yellow lace. In plain English, Hugh Dennis's most lucrative vocation was smuggling. His house had a "rowdy" reputation as a tavern, and for this he was not sorry, since "respect- able" persons, who might have been disagreeably in- quisitive, were thus kept away. Poachers used the World's End, and when, as now and then the case, a prize-fight was to come off in Lariss market, it was at the World's End "gipsy Jack" or "Brum- magen Bill" went into training. The crews of Den- nis's craft were a brandy-drinking, blaspheming, brag- gart, brawling, dog-fighting set. One or two of these saucy sailors were foreigners, and the English ones indulged in ear-rings, love- locks, red shirts, tasselled parti-coloured nightcaps, and other foreign fopperies, and were very fond of garnishing their discourse with foreign forms of commination. They looked down upon, cheated at skittles, and bullied the yokel black- guards with whom they drank. The countrymen, for the most part, submitted patiently to the insolence of the mariners — they were proud to have such dash- ing, fear-nothing acquaintances ; and watched their flash ways, and listened to their slangy words with gaping mouths and heavy eyes of stupid admiration. Occasionally, however, the mariners became too in- solent, and the countrymen, under the influence of potent beer and Dennis's French brandy, rebelled. Fierce fights were the consequence, in which the sailors sometimes used their knives. The feasts at the World's End were scarcely less noisy than the frays. Wild dances were kept up there long after midnight, but female partners were scarce, since no girl who had a character to care for ever entered the World's End. Shouts of maniacal and idiotic merriment competed with the howl of the sea-breeze rushing in over the mere and the marshes in the small hours ; and other cries, in which there was no merriment, went forth from this disreputable inn on festive occasions — the fierce accusations of fleeced dupes, the fierce re- torts of virtuously indignant sharpers. Greasy packs of cards were dealt, and the dice rattled, in the "World's End. It was five miles from the village of Lariss, and nearly as far from any house ; the two rural policemen who were guardians of the Queen's peace in the wide parish, took good care to absent themselves as much as possible from the place in which the peace was most likely to be broken, no formal complaint reached the magistrates, some of whom were suspected of being customers of Dennis's for cognac and cavendish, and, accordingly, year after year the World's End got its license. Lariss had a very active riding-officer, who used to gallop about on a black horse, looking terribly vigilant. His flashing black eyes, and bristling black whiskers, blue coat, gilt buttons, brass-mounted pistols, and brass-hilted cutlass, were, however, never to be seen near the World's End when he was not wanted there. Some how or other, just when, folks said, he might have clapped the broad arrow on a row of kegs on the Backwater Wharf, his zeal for the revenue had always carried him a score of miles in an opposite direction. He now and then gave Dennis a call, but not often, since his only business was to drink a glass of World's End brandy, and he could get as much as he wanted of that at home. Dennis was one of those healthy, hard-headed, hard-hearted, thoroughly conscienceless creatures that by their mere presence make men of weak physique and sensitive morale thoroughly miserable. He was a magnificent, well- preserved animal. Few of the prize-fighters who frequented his house, out of training, would have had much chance in a set-to with him. He drank, but thought it folly to get drunk. The draughts, however, which he imbibed, unharmed, would have maddened three ordinary men. He was fond of sundry kinds of pleasure, but in all his in- dulgences he manifested selfish sense. No moral con- siderations held him in check, but a regard for his own health prevented him from plunging into dissipa- tion. He had an iron will : when he wanted a thing, by fair or foul means — the foul artfully disguised, if necessary — he made up his mind to get it. He pos- sested the plump, florid, coarse, "good looks" which unintellectual women admire ; and, thanks to them, had won the affections of a poor little woman, rather above his own grade, whom five years of neglect and ill-usage, succeeding a fortnight of uxori- ous fondness, worried into her grave. She left him one child, a son, Harry, who grew up into as fine a fellow as his parentage and surroundings would permit. Harry Dennis's features were far more finely chiselled than his father's. He was altogether more " finely drawn " than his father. The father could see this, and made a business use of the fact ; employing his son as his salesman of silks and laces, since Harry's comparatively refined manners were far more acceptable to the ladies who purchased those wares than were his own dis- agreeable attempts at politeness. The father, how- ever, of course, did not love his son any the better because the son was preferred to him, and lost no opportunity of "taking him down a peg," when they were both amongst the ruffianly frequenters of the World's End. Hugh then sneered at his son as "the fine gentleman," and " Miss Nancy," and jumped at every chance of showing that he was considerably stronger than his son. Harry's life at the World's End was by no means an agreeable one. He had picked up at school notions which to his ordinary as- sociates seemed old- womanish nonsense. His mother's family were kind, under protest, as it were, to the young man. They feared that their " respect- ability " — that jealously guarded ermine of the middle class — would be soiled if they admitted the son of such a father to kinsman's intimacy. From that father Harry never heard a kind word. He painfully felt that he had no " position." Sometimes he went to sea, sometimes he was his father's bagman, at other times he was his father's pot-boy. He had read of colonies in which all newcomers, sloughing their old- world antecedents, can start fair, and he longed to get abroad, to some land in which no one would know that his father was a scoundrel — in which ha could begin life once more, unweighted. He longed to do so all the more eagerly when, according to the custom of those who have nothing to depend upon, he fell in love, with fierce desire for instant matrimony. Carry Bell, the village beauty, was the object of his choice. and, although Carry was too much of a coquette to give up at once the worship she commanded from all the lads of Lariss by too markedly favouring one, she nevertheless secretly resolved that when she did take a husband, Harry should be he. Her mother was a hard, keen old woman, the keeper of a " general shop " and postmistress of Lariss. As the son of a "warm man " like the landlord of the World's End, Harry Dennis was in her eyes an "eligible" suitor, but then she knew that so love was lost between son and sire, and, therefore, gave the young man very cautious encouragement. As for Hugh, he made coarse fun of his son's " spooneyness," and flatly refused to enable him to emigrate. Finding that his father would give him no money for passage, outfit, and capital to start with, Harry felt half inclined to work his passage out to Canada, Australia, or the Cape, and trust to good luck, good sense, and his own good right arm alone for the building of a cozy nest for his Carry. But would Carry wait until the nest was built ? Might he not return and find her mated ? Harry could not answer these questions to his satisfaction, and loitered in a very unsettled state of mind in England. It was a golden Saturday evening in August. The hedge-row trees drooped their dark-green, almost motionless leaves over full fields of white, poppy-spotted corn waiting for the sickle. The rooks were flying home, drowsily cawing. The dull rumble and the scattering clash of skittles might be heard at the World's End. A few rustics stood on the Backwater Wharf, which the little waves lapped lazily, sleepily watching the slow progress of the Two Brothers up the fair way. Her tanned mainsail and foresail made a blood-red blotch on the gilt lead of the Backwater. The canvas was almost useless. Ever and anon it flapped idly. The hauled up hinged bowsprit stuck out like a unicorn's horn. Nearly all the way the barge made was owing to the boat which towed her. At last she was warped alongside, and long before she was moored Harry Dennis leaped on the wharf in shore-going toggery. He had been absent from Lariss for nearly three weeks. During the time the barge had been unloading and loading in London, he had often wondered into and round the docks, wistfully eyeing the craft which had boards lashed upon their shrouds announcing that they were laid on for the ports to some one of which, if he could but make sure of his Carry, he longed to sail. Whilst "loafing" about in this way, he had fallen in with the skipper of a trader to the Cape, who, seeing that he was a smart fellow, and finding that he could go aloft if need were, had offered him a berth as steward, with a free second-class passage for his wife, if he had one, and were willing to take reduced wages. Harry made up his mind to try and get a wife. He would have liked to take Carry out in grander style. He knew that she would have liked to go out in grander style, but still he flattered himself that she would go out with him in this way if no better offered. Once out, he felt sure that he could soon give her a better home than she was likely to get from any other Lariss wooer. He bought her some pretty presents, and prepared some pretty speeches, the purport of which was that, if she would but marry him, he would in a year or two " make a lady " of her. Impatiently he jumped onto the wharf, and, without even looking in at the World's End, started for the village. There, as at the World's End, the skittle-players were busy, the public-houses were full, the last horse was Ieaving the blacksmith's "traverse" — littered with hoof-parings and scented with the healthy perfume of singeg horn — and a knot of loungers, who had been ponderously and intermittently " conversing " as they leaned heavily against the low wall of the forge, heavily withdrew their weary elbows, and ploddingly departed, as the journeyman and the apprentice came round to put up the name-notched shutter- flaps. The cottage doors were open. At them sat mumbling, mob-capped old crones, and superannuated patriarchs in smockfrocks, with hands crossed upon their sticks. In the roadway, and in the little gardens, children were playing. The curly heads of chubby babies, crowing or crying, might be seen within doors nodding, soap-smothered, above washing tubs. "The shop" was crowded, and the women who had made their purchases were clustered gossiping about the door. Harry stopped to flick off the white dust from his shoes, and wondered how soon he and his Carry would be thousands of miles away from humdrum Lariss. He expected to find her serving in the shop, but when he had made his way through a banyan grove of pendent brooms and brushes and had quite threaded the throng of customers, he could see nothing of her, and accordingly made his way into the little back parlour. There he found her, flushed and in tears, and with her — his father making love. "I won't, I won't, Harry," she cried, as he entered, and flew into his arms. With a savage oath, Hugh Dennis wrenched her out of them, and seized his son by the collar. Father and son grappled in shameful conflict. The brute strength of the father conquered. He hurled his son into the midst of the crowd of customers, and spurned him as he lay half stupified upon the ground. Humi- liated before his mistress and in the presence of a pity- ing throng of tattling women, fiendishly taunted by his father when, at last, he rose, Harry looked murderous. He mastered his passion, and hurried from the shop, The next day he managed, in spite of her mother, to see Carry, told her his story, and heard hers. During his absence his father had pro- fessed to wish to marry her ; and had easily enlisted her mother on his side. He had promised to give up the World's End, and " retire on his property," if Carry would have him, and this offer, although, of course, she did not confess as much to her younger lover, had greatly tempted the vain nature of the girl. She much preferred Harry to his father as a man, but the father had taken care to tell her that if she married Harry, she would marry a beggar. The tears upon her cheeks, when Harry burst in upon her, were really tears of regret at the thought of losing the fine young fellow she had almost resolved to barter for riches. The sight of Harry for a time made her true to him again, but she listened very coldly to his emigration scheme, and the couple parted in anger after their Sunday interview ; Harry in- voking curses on Carry's fickleness and his father's perfidy. His high words were heard above the private hedge of the little garden in which the quondam lovers quarrelled, and passers by, who, like every one else in Lariss, had heard of the struggle of the night before, shook their heads with solemn significance when they saw the young man rapidly striding towards the corner of the lane which leads to the Backwater. It was about eleven at night when he left Lariss. The moon was rising, silvering the dog-rose sprays and the flaccid, dusty, honeyless, honeysuckle blossoms in the hedges, and the lace-like blossoms of the hemlock in the ditches. Harry's heart was a faded, dusty honeysuckle. His milk of human kind- ness was turned into a juice poisonous as the hem- lock's. There was a fragrant freshness in the air, but no dew could cool his brow or calm his throbbing pulse. The next day came news to Lariss that the landlord of the World's End was missing. A few days after- wards the one little battered smack that cast anchor within the Backwater — running outside to fish or dredge for stone — brought back a swollen, sodden, crab-gnawed corpse with a bullet buried in the brain. It was Hugh Dennis's. Harry had disappeared, but the police were on his track, and ere long he was captured at Liverpool, and taken to Lariss and before a Bench of Lariss Hundred J.P.s, charged with his father's murder. Carry was compelled to swear to the threats against his father he had used when she last saw him, and those who had overheard those threats backed her testimony, The master of the Two Brothers swore that, late on Sunday night, or early on Monday morning, he had been awoke by the barking of his dog, that some one spoke to the dog, and that at once the dog stopped barking ; that he heard a noise as of some one jump- ing on board the barge from the wharf, and that some one then came down into the cabin ; that, on being challenged, this some one, in a voice which the master believed to be Harry Dennis's, answered, "It's me — I'm going to sleep ashore," and began fumbling in Harry Dennis's bunk ; that this person, whom the master firmly believed to be Harry Dennis, dropped something which fell heavily and clanked like metal, picked it up, and then went on deck, the dog not barking at him. The hostler at the World's End deponed that he was awoke by a rattling noise, and looking out saw some one throw- ing up dust and pebbles at his master's window, that the window was opened, and that his master and the man who had thrown the pebbles — whom the hostler could almost swear to have been Harry Dennis — wrangled fiercely for a few minutes, that presently the window was shut and a side door opened, by which Hugh Dennis went out, that Hugh and Harry, if Harry it was, renewed their quarrel when they met, but soon walked away quietly round a corner of the house, and that witness then went to bed again. Being asked why he did not follow to watch, the witness answered that he should have had enough to do, if he had followed his master every time he went out by moonlight. On Harry had been found a brace of pistols which the bullet in Hugh's brain fitted. The bore, however, was a very common one. There were several brace of the same calibre in the World's End and on board Hugh Dennis's craft. On this evidence Harry was committed, convicted, and hanged at Dulchester. Whether justly or not, I cannot undertake to say. The Lariss magistrates, missing the convenient father, said Yes. Their wives, missing the courteous son, said no. Harry never confessed guilt, but at the same time would give no account of his proceedings after leaving Lariss on the Sunday night. Carry, dressed very prettily, wept very prettily as she gave her evidence against her lover in the Dulchester Court-house. She refused to see him in Dulchester gaol, fearing that, if she did so, the might injure her matrimonial chances. She survived him for many a year, and became the buxom mother of a tribe of girls as good-looking and deep-hearted as her girlish self. The World's End and its wharf and warehouse went into Chancery and ruins. The gibbet-like crane is the monument of the last occupants, the lappings of the leaden waters their most dreary dirge. P. 'P. 