THE PASTORAL LETTER OF JOHN : BEDE. ?By Divine Grace and favor of the holy i Apostolic see, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan, on behalf of those . who are suffering from the blighted i harvest and the floods of this present year of our Lord, 1864. . Dearly Beloved Children in Jesus Christ, 'He that loveth not his brother whom he seetb, how can he lore God, whom he seeth not.' ' Qui non diligit fratrem suum quem videt, Deum quern non videt, quomodo potest diligere ?''— 1 Ep : Joannis, c. iv., v. 20. These simple sacred words of the beloved Apostle, how they stir our hearts ! St. John, likened to the eagle, for the sublimity of his doctrine concerning the great mysteries known to man only through Divine revelation in the Church of Christ ; St. John, the soer of Apoedyptic visions concerning the future of the Chutch ; St. John who leaned on our Lord's breast when the treachery of Judas and of Judas like men, was heavy on his spirit ; St. John to whom the mother of Jesus was given by her Son at that supreme moment of His passion j St. John, who was so much, and had seen bo much, — what is the sum of the doctiine he preaches with so much earnestness and frequency 1 — Nothing difficult to understand, nothing hard to practise for the princely spirit of simple truth and love, nothing that needs or provokes discussion — ' that we love one another, as He hath given commandment unto us,' ut dili gamus alterutrum, sicut dedk mandatum nobis !' And then, that there may be no mistake, no self deceit, no resting in mere impulse and warm feeling, he shows, in those simple, keen, luminons words chat we have just recalled to your memory, how we may know the truth about ourselves, whether we are genuine Christian men, or worthy, self-deceived deceivers. 'He that loveth not his brother whom he seetb, how can he love God whom he seeeth not.' What a changed world this would be, Dearly Be loyed, if men would be guided by such a rule and. motive as is here implied ! In all the terrible pros pect that seems to lie in this world'a future, in all the Bin and misery that are darkening at this mo nent, we should still rejoice in gleams of the Divine presence, if we could see, even here and there men proving their love to God by consistent per-, severing love of their fellows. How light then comparatively would be the fears of wars, and earth quakes, and tempests; how much less should we be troubled by the sordid trickeries and schemes of politicians; how much less should we be dishear tened by the real misery of the siiis, and infidelities, sacrileges, that abound, if we walked more diligently with our eyes fixed on this plain bright path traced for us by the beloved disciple. Andinded there are, thank Gad, those wh6 walk in this path. Who they are, and how many, or how few they may be, we do not know, nor is it neeessary we should. One thing only is necessary, that each one of you should take care to be iin it himself. The judgments of God are upon! the earth, but whether they shall be to us judgments of reprobation and destruction, or the chastisements and warnings of God's tender love, this rests upon yonr correspondence with God's grace. And in view of these judgments, our best and safe course is to look simply what may have been our own share in provoking them. It is not always where they seem to tall heaviest that they are most deserved, that there is the heaviest guilt. Suffering in this world is not the final reckoning. Whether then such calamities as the blighted harvest in one part of our colony, and the devastation of floods in another, are judgments of a national kind, directed against our guiltiness as a nation, and in what degree they are so, it is lessprofitaole and necessary to inquire than to examine what our own individual sins of omission and commission may have been. It may well be, that, as a colony we have been arro gant and boastful, neglectful of God and of God's service, training our children well and carefully- for the gain and service of Mammon, butleaving their education for God, so far as the colony is concerned, to individual neglect, orihoa'pacity; we may have ttiejweighl of old cruelties to bond-servantn about ouri'necks; we may have the blood of aboriginal:iriha bitants on our hands.' God knows (may He: be merciful to us) how much as a colony we have sinried in this wise. I do not say that at this season of truly penitential thoughts you should entirely pasa over such considerations aa these. There are blessings that we enjoy as a community, as a nation, and* doubtless there are sins also that we have com mitted as a community, and tnere is an inheritance1' of sius. But, Dearly Beloved, what I have to say to you on this point is mainly this. Look each one of you to himself. See lest any world liness, any pride, any selfishness, any hardheartednesa, . ari- irreverence, any sensuality, any neglect of spiritual interests in yourself, may have contributed -to* the nass of guilt that at lepgth. .brings down on nan the visible anger of God. This is your cart. And do not be content with looking at sins* ot commisien only. Sins of omission are weighty and deadly. Have you not duties to the community in- which ytu live as well as to the individuals whp compose it 1 Ah ! it is a fearful reckoning where honestly looked into; but still let us look, that we may repent, and see God's grace and mercy behind and above all. You have influence more or less ob, the national acts, the government, and character of the colony : has that influence gone to Christianias; i or to degrade and make heathen those acts, and that : Government 1 Hearken in these points alsb to yoor i Christian conscience. Dearly Beloved, I have suggested so far the usea? that rray be made of our calamities, or of those of ' our friends and neighbours, as matter of examine ?tiom and self abasement for Lent; but I have now ' i to ask for the fruits of your faith, the alms that will; igive wings to your prayers. And I ask with som* confidence that you will be generous in aiding those* who are now suffering so heavily. I connot here? give you details of the loss and wretchedness whieip so many in the inscrutable providence of God are? enduring, but it is unnecessary, for the public? pnntB have informed you, and they are matter of1 common sympathy and conversation. And .whaJT. you have before done fills me with thankfulness- ' and hope — you have given your money, freely ' tc» * ' relieve distress throughout the world. SHglaabT,. Ireland, France, India, all have been helped anfll comforted by your Christain devotion, true devotioiE of St. John's kind, the love of God that is seen ic& the love of your brethren. You will not fail, nox shame me now, you will again honour your Catholics name and faith. The cry of distress comes not now from distant Donegal, or Lancashire, or Hindostobv but from the near homes, the familiar names o£. Carnden arid Maitland. When the arms of your charity have reached to the extremities of the world*^ ?? they must not be paralysed here, at what is to you &? centre. There is an order in charity, and though it . should never cease to glow wherever there are mere to struggle and suffer, yet it should be more intense in proportion as the aljwise Providence of God ha® placed its objects nearer to us in duty or places. ; Tbey are the voices of friends and kinsfolk that are calling upon ns. As we are now crying to God fear mercy upon ourselves, let jis give an attentive ear t& ' their misery. It is very deep, very overwhelming: in its nature. Here is no failure of a mercantile: ° vesture, no disappointment of a gambling specula tion, but destruction to the righteous hopes of honesty hard, patient labour. The toils and anxieties off many homes, of parents and children together labouring, are utterly lost. God has withheld fromi them their harvest. What is it? Is it that He is deaf to their prayers, unthoughtful of their labours 21 No, but it is this. I am speaking to Christians^ and you will understand me. He would have yotx supply to your brethren by your gifts the harvesfe that has failed in order of nature, and He would) gain for Himself a spiritual harvest in the works o£' your Christian faith and love. So will there have? been this year two harvests instead of one, and tbak in an especial manner to the greater glory of God, You will do your part well, and the calamity of yousr - friends and fellow-countrymen will be transformed ^ into a blessing. The labours of the husbandman* ?- requiring, as they do, patience, industry, foresight,, :''.\\- and trust in the future, call mere than other earthly employments upon our sympathy when they are disappointed of their results. It seems almost as if humble faith in the course of God's providence bad?, received a shock. The common lot of humanity,, -. that man should earn his bread by the sweat of his brow, is at all times hard enough to be borne, hovr much more this affliction that God Jhas laid upozg our brethren ! Their toil, their patience, their early and late anxiety, all abortive. They have laboured^, but so far in vain ; the food and clothing for theno selves and their children, all gone; in some places considerable debt has been incurred for the fruitless* seed, and the future is darkened beyond the present distress. The elements themselves, the ordinary sources of benediction upon human toil, have beest hostile to those who have deserved the ordinary reward of their obedient labour at least as well aa- we. It is a mystery, until we remember that God has ? left us to the elements of material nature alonev He has planted in us, in our hearts, other elements which, in His plan and intention, are to complete and correct the operation of those others. Conn passion, kindliness, the instincts of brotherhood, are - His gifts as well as those higher gifts of Christian? grace, and all these are intended to heal and remedy the hurts that our brethera have received from the ?- viewless blight, and the resistless fljod. Do you then show that you interpretfaright the designs o£ God, and accept the occasion he offers you ? Dry up as you may the bitter tears, and give new hope? and courage to failing hearts. - Sanctify your fast of* Lent by a work that God has eminently chosen fos~ such a purpose. It may bethat your ready opeo handed liberality in this emergency, will give &-~ spiritual fruitfulness to your season of penitence, and an Easier joy such as you have never gained beforev - And, if any of you should perchance yourselves be wearing' your lives under the weight and gloom of some providential chastisement, come forward the: more eagerly, and help the suffering, arid so oub' God may look graciously and speedily on you also*1 in. your time of need. These are words that He Himself says to you, and such as you, for all time s 'When thou shalt pour out thy soul''— it is, yoifc see, no cold unsyrapathising gift, no stinted measure-,, that: He calls for, — ''when thou shalt pour out th$ soul' to the huug'ry, and shalt satisfy the afflicteo*. soul, then shall thy light rise up7 in darkness; and!- . - thy darkness shall be as the' noon-day.' May He^ ? the giver of every good gift, iuspire and bless yo«ar- - alms. . ?.????? 'The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and tte? charity of God, and the communion of the Holjf Ghost, be with you all. Ame»/' JOHN BEDE, Aichbinhop of Sydney*.. St. Mary's Cathedral, March 4th, 1864. ' Ah, Jimmy,' said'a synapathising frientF to a man who was just too late for the trainv ??yoju did not run fast enough.' ?? Yes I did,,1'* said Jimmy; ' I ran fast enough, dut I did act start soon enough.' ' Where is the hoe Sambo ?'— ' Wid ftb» rake massa.'— ' Well where is the rake ?'— '? Wid de hoe.'—' But where are they both ?''-rr; .. Why bbf together. By golly, old massa, --mbv- 'pears to be berry tioular dis morniaM' 