LOCAL NEWS. LIFE ASSURANCE -On Tuesday evening, a lecture on Life Assurance, was delivered in the West Maitland School of Arts by Mr. B. Short, agent of the Australian Mutual Provident Society. The hall was comfortably filled when the lecture commenced, and was crowded be- fore it terminated. The Rev. R. Chapman occupied the chair. The chairman expressed great pleasure at being asked to preside on that occasion. The question to be treated was one with which he had been familiar for many years, and of its advantages he said he could speak from ex- perience. He explained that he had been a member of the Australian Mutual Provident Society for ten years; his life had been and was insured in it for £1000; the profits that had accrued upon his premiums during the ten years amounted to £281 , so that in the event of his death at that time £1281 could be recovered on his policy from the society. He recommended the society as one of the best conducted in the colony, and then introduced the lecturer. Mr. Short, on coming forward, said he felt great pleasure in having such a suitable chairman to preside, it seemed to him fit, that a clergyman should preside at a meeting where it was designed that provident habits should be taught. He then went on to remark that it gave him much pleasure to see so many ladies present; observing that when their interest was aroused in any question, they were capital agents, and accomplished a great deal by their influence. He especially alluded to the influence which unmarried ladies had, and advised those present to exert that influence by asking when the eventful question was proposed, "Is your life insured. " This might seem harsh and cold, he said, but he had no doubt that the young men would very soon be able to give a satisfactory answer to the object of his affection. The principle of life assurance arose from the uncertainty of human life. It was impossible to de- termine the exact period of the decease of individuals, but it was found possible to form a correct average of the duration of life of a certain number of individuals of specific ages. Hence sprang up the numerous assurance offices, whose working had done so much for society. The advantages arising from the adoption of life assurance, he said, would be too numerous to enumerate in one evening. The first advantage he noticed was life assurance as a profitable investment or life assurance and saving con- trasted. He said it did not require argument or illustration to prove that if a person died before the premiums he had paid amounted to the sum he was entitled to receive he had made a good investment; but as very few persons expected to die early, they must extend the illustration to persons living an average duration of life. Supposing that a person aged twenty-five commenced two kinds of investments, laying out £100 in each-one in the Equitable Life Insurance Society (which society had existed long enough to make the com- parison complete) and the other in a way whereby he obtained five percent interest - in ten years the amount invested in the Insurance society would entitle to £5096, at five per cent the money would amount to £1257 in twenty-five years the insurance would entitle to £8525, the investment at five per cent. £4773, for forty years' insurance, £15,246, the invest- ment at five per cent. £12,080, for fifty years' insurance, £20,860 investment at five per cent. £20,935. This table, be said, showed that a person aged twenty five, investing £100 per annum in the Mutual Equitable Insurance Office, and £100 in an investment yielding five per cent, must live to the age of seventy-five, before the latter investment would yield as much as the former; if he died before seventy-five, which was far beyond the average age attained by per- sons living at twenty-five, the insurance investment showed an immense advantage. The lecturer then con- sidered the advantages of Life Assurance in making provision for friends. Immediately the first premium was paid the insurer for a sum of £500 was in exactly the same position as if he had deposited £500 for his family. The lecturer mentioned several instances in which parties in the district had, after the payment of small sums of money into the society, died and left their families provided for. The relief of mind experienced by the party insured was urged as another argument in favour of insurance, the depressing influence of the prospect of leaving a family unprovided for sometimes prejudicially affected the hope of recovery of a sick man. Another advantage from the adoption of life in- surance, the lecturer said, was that it tended to diminish crime, and he showed how it did this by leaving families well provided for, members of whom, be contended, were less likely to fall into vice than those who had been left without anything He showed the advantage that life insurance was to men in business; it furnished their families on their death with a little money, and enabled their stock to be sold to more advantage than if it had to be sold immediately. He pointed out the benefits life insurance held out to a man holding a situation ; he answered the objection most frequently raised by this class of people, that they might at, some future time be out of work and so unable to continue their premiums, by stating that in the Mutual Provident Society a provision was made whereby any insurer, or shareholder, could allow the amount he was unable to pay to remain as a debt against the amount he would have to receive-or the shareholder could get out of his difficulty by lessen- ing the amount for which he had been insured, and thus make the payments lighter. In the latter case, the shareholder would be credited with the difference of the premium on the larger amount which he had first insured for, and that on the smaller amount for which he had afterwards found it convenient to insure. The lecturer pointed out the advantages of life Insurance to the various classes of society, illustrating the various arguments by anecdotes. People, he said, seemed to imagine there was a great deal of trouble in getting their life insured; but there was really very little trouble. They had simply to apply to the agent for a form, and fill in a few particu- lars , having given this to the agent they would receive a note requesting them to call on the society's doctor and undergo an examination , the result of this investigation, with other particulars communicated to the directors, would be considered by them, and the life would be ac- cepted or rejected. The insurance of the accepted would be completed on the insurer receiving his policy, for which he would have to pay 5s., and paying his first premium. The expense and trouble connected with effecting an insur- ance was very trifling. There was no trouble experienced by the insurer in the Australian Mutual Provident Society in getting the amount of a claim when it was due. They had never yet had one single case of litigation in a court of law, all claims had been paid immediately, on satis- factory proof being furnished to the directors that they were due; they did not even wait for the three months before paying the claims, which their rules permitted them to do. Parties insuring were not compelled to stay in the one place. They could go to any of the adjoining colonies or to Europe, by the payment of a small amount for the risk attending a sea voyage. As to the solvency of the society, he said he had never met with a society, conducted upon the mutual principle, which had failed. He said he did not say that a society of the kind had never failed but he had never met with one. He pointed, in proof of the stability of such societies, to several, one of which-the Scottish Equitable-had been in existence about a century, and was now flourishing. The lecturer then explained the tables as published in the society's pamphlet. A young man of twenty -one, he stated, could insure his life for £100 for £1 18s. 5d. per year; a man of thirty years would be charged £2 8s. 2d. ; a man of forty years, £3 4s 5d. , and so on, increasing until the age of sixty-one, when the yearly premium would be £7 7s. 9d. The payment of this amount, it wag stated, would insure the payment of bonus additions on the pre- miums paid up. For the payment of a small additional sum the amount insured for will be paid either at death or on attaining the ages of from 60 to 65, with bonus additions. Under another table, an insurer could pay up the whole amount of his premiums, for any amount he might insure for in five years, if he did not wish to make the payments from year to year until his death; a young man of twenty, under this table, would only have to pay about £31 during the five years, and then his heirs would be entitled to £ 100 at his death. The annuity branch of the society was explained, from which it ap- peared that deferred annuities would be paid according to the fixed scale, to shareholders, at a certain age, on the payment of a certain amount yearly. The lecturer also explained another table, which, he said, was not in any of the books, by which a man could leave an annuity to his wife, besides a cash sum down at his death. The endowment tables were also explained, and he showed that upon the payment of a small yearly premium for a child, commencing in early life a sum of £100, with bonus or profits on its pre- miums, would be secured for the child on its attaining the age of twenty- one. He particularly dwelt upon the advantages of this latter branch, in teaching children provident habits. The lecturer also explained that after a certain period the insurer was protected against the insolvent laws. A policy for £200 he stated would be protected after two years' premiums had been paid upon it, one for £500 after five years one for £1000 after seven years, and one for £2000 after an endurance of ten years. The lecturer concluded a most amusing and interesting lecture by inviting any gentlemen present to ask questions upon the subject -Mr. Langley asked whether the insurer would have to pay the cost of a re- port from his own medical man, as to the state of his health, or the society. Mr. Short explained that when a report was needed from a family medical man the insurer would have to pay the cost; this was the course pursued in all the societies that he know of - Dr. Liddell then proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer, and congratulated him upon the immense success which had attended it. Mr. Langley seconded the motion, and it was carried unani- mously. Mr. Short acknowledged the compliment; and after a vote of thanks had been passed to the Chairman, which was also acknowledged, the audience separated - At the termination of the proceedings several gentlemen filled in forms of application. POLICE BUSINESS.-The only business on the police sheet at the Morpeth court, within the past month, has been a number of cases under the Towns Police Act, and one case of drunkenness, heard before Mr. J. B.R. Robertson, on Monday. G. F. DAVIDSON, Esq.-Mr. Davidson, the late P. M. at Nerrigundah, left Moruya for Sydney, on Tuesday. the 4th instant, his appointment having become extinct. Mr. Caswell will perform the duties of police magistrate at the Gulf, once in every fortnight or month. I am not sure which.- Correspondent of Braidwood Dispatch. ST. PAUL'S CHURCH UNION.-A meeting of St. Paul's Church Union was held on Monday evening, in the Grammar School-the Rev. J; R. Thackeray in the chair. The proceedings were commenced in a devotional manner. The chairman then addressed a few remarks to the mem- bers of the union, more especially to the young men, expressing his regret at the little interest they took in these meetings. He spoke of the discouraging effects of this neglect, and expressed a hope that they would show more energy in the affairs of the union in future. When the union was first formed, some of its members were so sanguine of the success of its meetings that they wanted to have them every fortnight ; but it was found now that they could not get them up once a month, the periods at which they had arranged to hold them, A song, " Gentle Annie," was then very nicely sung by a lady member, the choir joining in the chorus. The chairman afterwards read a paper on " Church Work," in which he dwelt principally upon the value of lay agency. He divided the lay portion of the church into four classes-those who were indifferent to the claim the church had upon them ; secondly, those who had the requisite zeal, but were under the erroneous impression that they could not be engaged, or did not know the means whereby they might be en- gaged in church work; thirdly, those who had great zeal, but whose zeal was not tempered with a willingness to submit to church rules; and fourthly, those who worked in the right way. The subject was treated in a very in- teresting manner. Two recitations were afterwards creditably given ; and two songs, " Say a kind word when you can," and the " Mocking Bird," were sung. The meeting, which was very well attended (about fifty persons being present), was brought to a conclusion by the singing of the Dismission Hymn and the pronouncing of the Benediction. HUNTER RIVER JOCKEY CLUB (EAST MAITLAND).-A meeting of the Hunter River Jockey Club (East Mait- land) was held at Mr. Graney's, the Hunter River Hotel, on Monday evening. There was a fair attendance. Mr. J. O'Meagher was called to the chair. It was decided that the East Maitland Christmas races should be held on the 26th and 27th December. The secretary was in- structed to again advertise the Maiden Plate, naming the day upon which it would be run. A committee was appointed to inspect the race-course, and make any im- provements that may be necessary preparatory to the races. Persons were appointed to canvas for subscrip- tions for the races. Already it was stated, a considerable amount had been collected. The other business transacted at the meeting was of a routine character. THE BURNING MOUNTAIN, MOUNT WINGEN.-A corres- pondent of the Herald, who has visited Murrurundi and Mount Wingen, gives a graphic account of the " burning mountain," one of the most striking natural curiosities of this district. It has for a long time, we think, been held that the phenomenon is not in any way connected with volcanic agencies, but that it is simply a coal- hill on fire. Possibly some bush fire may have originated the matter, by setting fire to some of the coal cropping out on the surface. The Herald's correspondent says he and a friend were without a guide, and had some difficulty in finding the right "mountain." " We were at last directed to the spot, when about a mile from it, by a strong sul- phureous smell borne on the wind. Turning our horses' heads in that direction, we soon came upon the mountain. It was smoking and steaming in all directions, but, at the time of our visit, there was no fire visible. Some- times, particularly on a dark night, the flames can be seen blazing up with a lurid glare. The subterranean fire has apparently left its former site, and is gradually working under an opposite hill. Through the great fissures in the ground can be heard the fire roaring be- neath like an immense furnace, and to such tremendous depth has it penetrated in some places, that if a large stone is thrown down it cannot be heard to touch the bottom, but the sound gradually dies away in the depths below. In others, a stone thrown down immediately explodes, with a noise like a muffled gun. The ground everywhere is very warm, and is covered with white ashes (said to be good for the sore backs of horses), and all the stones lying about are so hot that it is impossible to handle them. Everything is covered with a thick coating of sulphur, and the strong sulphureous atmos- phere becomes so oppressive that it is impossible to re- main long on the spot. The mountain is known to have been burning for the last fifty years, and there is more than one theory as to its origin. It is, however, evi- dently not volcanic ; at least, according to the usual meaning attached to the word volcano. Without pro- fessing to be geologists, we have no doubt that it is an immense coal seam on fire. Carboniferous deposits are of very frequent occurrence in the neighbourhood, and the mountain range parallel with the burning mountain appears to be in a direct line with some of the coal seams in the locality of Newcastle." FOUR MONTHS TO THE COLGOA.-"I have only this day received your letter date May 9th"-such is the con- cluding statement in a letter from the Culgoa, dated Sept. 20\. That is to say, a letter posted in Maitland, May 9th, is received on the Culgoa four months and a half after- wards. A letter takes eighteen weeks to travel some six hundred miles in New South Wales. No wonder our correspondent is disgusted, and tells us it is useless to send him any more copies of the Mercury. Perhaps the Postmaster General will kindly explain how it is that while our papers (and letters) take eighteen weeks to go from Maitland to the Culgoa, we received this letter of complaint, from the Culgoa to Maitland, in three weeks — Sept. 20 to Oct. 11. BREACH OF THE TENEMENTS ACT.-At the East Mait- land police court, on last Tuesday week, John Donnelly sought to recover possession of a plot of four acres of land in East Maitland, unlawfully held over by Peter Keegan. Mr. O'Meagher appeared for the complainant, and Mr Mullen for the defendant. The land, it was stated by the complainant, was held by the defendant from week to week at a rental of 5s. a week. Proof that the rent had been paid was furnished, and it was also shown that the complainant had given defendant notice to quit. But the creation and determination of tenancy were not proved, as required by the Act, and the case was dismissed-complainant being ordered to pay court and professional costs. MASTERS AND SERVANTS ACT-John Clode was charged before the bench at East Maitland, on Tuesday, with re- fusing to pay £20 16s., wages alleged to be due to John Clode, his hired servant. The case was remanded until Friday, on the application of complainant's attorney, Mr. Thompson. Mr. Chambers appeared for the defend- ant, POLICE BUSINESS.-One case was disposed of by the bench at East Maitland, on Tuesday. Messrs. E. D. Day and G. R. White were the sitting magistrates. BAND PROGRAMME FOR THIS EVENING - (The Weather Permitting) -1. March, "The Cottage by the Sea." 2 Waltz, " Il Trovatoro" 3. Air, "Linda di Chamouniz'' 4\. Quadrilles, "The Como" 5. Gloria, Mozart's 12th Mass. 6. Fantaisie, " Lurline " 7. Polka, (without a name). 8. " Marseillaise." 9. Galop, " The Postman's," " God Save the Queen." COURT-HOUSE IMPROVEMENTS AT EAST MAITLAND : — We have, by the courtesy of Mr. Lewis, seen the plans of the proposed alterations to be made about the Court- house at East Maitland and for the performance of a portion of which tenders have been invited by the Govern- ment. It is intended to extend the front of the building by adding a room for the Attorney-General on the left wing, and for the bar on the right wing. These rooms will be of equal size, and will give an imposing front to the building. One of the rooms on the left entrance, recently occupied by the Clerk of Petty Sessions, will be set apart for jurors in waiting. Better accommodation in the court for the gentlemen of the long robe is to be pro- vided by the removal of the dock nearer the door, and by other internal changes. Stables and other conveniences are to be erected by the northern side of the building for the use of the public. An ornamental fence is to be erected at the rear of the building. A fence is to be erected round the gaol wall for a plantation of trees to hide the bare appearance of the walls ; the trees, of course, will be planted at a proper distance from the wall to prevent the possibility of their being any aid to prisoners attempting to escape. A semi circular piece of ground on the slope in front of the court house is to be enclosed by an orna- mental fence, and to be planted with rapid growing trees near the fencing. Within this again, and facing each wing of the court house, two circles of about one hundred feet diameter are to be enclosed by a paling fence for the security of trees to be planted within them. The whole court-house reserve is to be enclosed by a four-rail pig-proof fence, with entrance gates leading from the Southern Hill and from William-street, and the Morpeth Road. Should the plantations prove at all successful, and the other work be neatly done, the appearance of the Court- house Hill and reserve will be very pleasing to the eye, and ornamental to the town. RUST IN WHEAT.-Reports have reached us from various quarters that the rust is making its appearance in the wheat. At Luskintyre we are informed that it has shown itself in some forward wheat of Mr. Glasheen's, though not yet to any great extent. In another field in the same neighbourhood we have also heard it has shown itself. At Rosebrook the rust is also appearing in the wheat. The Singleton Times of yesterday says : — " We are sorry to say that rust has made its appearance among the wheat crops in various parts of our district. We first noticed it in two fields adjoin- ing the Glenridding road, about three weeks ago. These were the first cases of its appearance in this dis- trict, so far as we have heard, but the disease has broken out in many other parts since that time. Farmers are loth to cut down their precious crops when the ear is just coming out, but there is no alternative between that and a worse evil. We observe that Mr. Falconer, of Newing- ton, and Mr, Barclay, of Kelso, are mowing down their infected crops. The heavy dews which have fallen lately, combined with dull hanging weather, has no doubt favoured the growth of the disease." THE SYDNEY CATTLE MARKET -Messrs. Mort and Co. report the sale of a mob of fat cattle, at the Victoria Yards, Petersham, on Monday afternoon. There were 134 head from the herds of Edward Flood, and they were sold in lots to suit purchasers. There was a good at- tendance of buyers, and cows brought from £2 17s. to £3 11s., and bullocks £3 10s. to £4 each. In the present state of the market these prices may be con- sidered good.-S. M. Herald, Oct. 11. VALEDICTORY TEA MEETING.-On Tuesday evening a valedictory tea meeting to the Rev. Mr James, Primitive Methodist minister, was given in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Morpeth. After tea, which was provided by ladies of the congregation, a public meeting was held — Mr. Ling being called to the chair. The chapel was crowded on the occasion. The proceedings were com- menced by singing and prayer. The chairman then ad- dressed the meeting upon the high character of Mr. James, and dwelt, upon the difficulties he had encountered during his ministry in the district- a period of four years. The Rev. G. James spoke of the state of the circuit as being healthy, although they had suffered much by floods. He stated that two churches had been built since the commencement of his ministry-one of them at Miller's Forest, and the other at Minmi ; altogether, for church building purposes, £570 had been received during the same period After speaking upon the necessity of con- sistency on the part of church members, he entreated the prayers of the church on behalf of himself and his suc- cessor. The Rev. Mr. Henderson spoke of love, unity, and prayer as the great powers in the church. The Rev. Mr. Hills spoke upon the solemnity of the occasion to minister and hearers. The Rev. Mr. Deane made some remarks upon the general state of the mission, and the service which had been rendered by his excellent brother in that ministry. A vote of thanks was passed to the ladies, for providing the tea, and to the chairman. The meeting was closed with prayer. A sum of about £3 was collected during the evening. NEW METHOD OF SHELLING CORN.-The following de- scription of a new method of shelling corn has been sent to the Empire by a correspondent at St. Mary's, South Creek : — Select a solid log of wood, about ten feet along ; trim it until it is about fifteen inches in diameter at one end, and eleven inches at the other ; place iron bands on both ends, and then incase it with strips of sawn timber like arras railing, smaller at one end than the other, so that they will come in even ; spike them on to the log, and sink a strong butt of a log in the ground ; put a strong iron rod perpendicular in the centre, with gudgeons on each end of the log and swivels one to be attached to the rod, the other for the horse to pull by. It needs to be a good floor, with a decline from the centre. Mine is brick with a wooden kerb around it. Lay thereon about twelve bags of cobs. One horse will do the work cleaner and better than a corn-sheller in less than thirty minutes. Any one can see mine if they like to take the trouble to call at my place. WEST MAITLAND MUNICIPAL COUNCIL-On Tuesday afternoon, for the first time since this body has been in existence, there was not a quorum present when the weekly meeting should have been held. The members present were Aldermen Pender, Liddell, Lee, and Wade. THE SYDNEY FLOUR MARKET.-The arrivals on Mon- day were the Sir George Grey, from California, via Auck- land, with 2826 sacks of wheat, 9000 half-sacks and 4100 quarter sacks of flour, and 1025 bags of oats ; the States- man, from Chili, via Auckland, with 2518 bags of wheat and 4110 bags of flour: and the E. T'. L., from Valpa- raise, with 3808 bags of wheat and 300 half-sacks of flour.-The flour market has been considerably depressed by the arrivals from Chili, and, in the present state of the market, prices are nominal. On Friday last holders of Adelaide were firm at £25 10s. to £26 per ton, but to- day £21 per ton could not be obtained for any large parcels of Californian or Chilian flour. Until some sales are effected, it is impossible to give correct quotations; and, as most of the vessels that have lately arrived were not expected, it has induced buyers to believe that we may still have many more vessels for the colonies laden with breadstuffs. Wheat has also declined, and Adelaide has been offered at 10s. 6d. per bushel, without any buyers. S.M. Herald, Oct. 11. DRUNKENNESS-William Goodwin was charged with drunkenness, at the Morpeth police court, on Monday last. He was admonished and discharged. DEATH BY DROWNING.-Yesterday morning, at about seven o'clock, an elderly man, named Phillip Ryan, a respectable settler for many years in the colony came to his end by drowning, whilst bathing on the beach below the hospital building. It appears that deceased has for some time past been a visitor at Newcastle to pro- cure the medical attendance of Dr. Bawker, and might frequently be seen during the last month in the vicinity of the dispensary, Bolton-street, wearing a broad-brimmed hat with black band, and attired in a heavy rough coat. He only immersed himself knee deep, but a heavy wave rolling on the beach whilst he was pouring water on his head, caused him to lose his footing, and carried him seaward. Mr. Little, of the Australian Joint Stock Bank, was bathing near the spot at the time, and made the most praiseworthy attempts to rescue the drowning man, and very nearly lost his own life in doing so. Providentially, whilst grasping the deceased and being thoroughly exhausted himself, a wave caused him to lose hold of the body, and landed him upon a rock, though much bruised and out about the legs. A young man named George Bickerton, a sailor, witnessed the occurrence and Mr. Little's perilous position. He was too far off to render assistance at the moment, but afterwards rescued the body from the water. Deceased had a considerable sum of money in paper in his pockets at the time of the occurrence, over £180. The water police at once conveyed the body to the dead-house attached to the hospital, and a coroner's inquest was held last evening at the Albion Hotel, when a verdict was re- turned in accordance with the evidence. We understand the relations of deceased reside in the neighbourhood of Hinton.-Newcastle Chronicle, Oct. 12. WALLIS' CREEK FLOOD-GATES -A meeting of the Wallis' Creek flood-gates committee was to have been held at the offices of Mr. W. H. Mullen on Tuesday, but only four persons, viz , the Rev. Mr. Purves, Messrs. G. Lee, A. Dodds, and I. Sefton, were present, and the meeting was adjourned until Saturday next at three o'clock. The secretary, Mr. G. Lee, informs us that Mr. Bell, C.K., would have no objection to increase the number of pipes in the embankment he had proposed as suitable to be erected, and that it would make no alteration in the plan submitted by him. With reference to the rainfall on the area drained by the creek, Mr. Lee states that in answer to a letter he had written to the .Government astronomer, be had received a reply stating that the average annual rainfall over Maitland was thirty-four inches. We believe that while in conversation with the Rev. Mr. Purves, a mem- ber of the committee, Mr. Moriarty expressed himself favorable to the plan of first straightening the river by making cuts across several of the bends before making the dam at the creek. TOWNS POLICE ACT.-At the Morpeth police court, on the 20th September, Christina McLean, William Black- well, William Needham, Michael Slattery, Julia Murphy, Richard Chapman, and Mark Hodges were convicted of allowing cattle to stray upon the public street, and were each fined 5s. and 2s. 6d. costs. On the 5th October, at the same place, Cornelius Darcy, Arthur McDonald, John Little, and Thomas O'Donnell, were each fined in a similar amount, for a like offence. THE BILLIARD MATCHES.-Last evening Mr. Roberts, the champion billiard player, concluded his last game, at the School of Arts. There was a rather numerous at- tendance on the ocassion, which, we trust, will help materially to reimburse Messrs. O'Brien and Lawrence for their very spirited undertaking. The contest last even- ing was between the Champion and Mr. Sydney Lambert, a gentleman considered one of the best amateur players not only in this colony, but in Adelaide where he formerly resided. He received 700 out of 1000 with Mr. Roberts. During the early part of the playing Mr. Lambert exhibited very great skill, and scored rather rapidly ; but towards the conclusion of the game the champion made rapid advances on his antagonist, scoring 890 when Mr. Lambert had made 1002, amidst the re- iterated applause of the assemblage. The playing of Mr. Roberts, of course, not only surprised, but won the admiration of all present. At about a quarter-past eleven o'clock the game terminated.-Empire, Oct. 11. COMMITTAL FOR PERJURY.-Yesterday afternoon James Seymour was brought before Mr. E. D. Day, P.M., at the Court-house, East Maitland, charged with committing perjury in giving evidence in the case of Seymour v. Lowe, tried in the Circuit Court before his Honor the Chief Justice that day. The evidence of William Lowe, JP., and Thomas Burnage was taken. The former proved that the prisoner in his examination that day swore that he purchased a team of bullocks, dray, and gear, in a bona fide manner from Henry Cox ; that at the time of the seizure he told prosecutor (W. Lowe) that he had not paid for the bullocks, but had taken them for a butchers' bill ; that prisoner that day swore he told prosecutor on the occa- sion of the seizure that he purchased and paid for them by a promissory note; that prisoner did not say any- thing about a promissory note on that occasion ; that prisoner swore a receipt produced in court that day had been shown to prosecutor at the conversation which took place during the time of seizure. Prosecutor swore he never saw the receipt until it was produced in court — he did see a receipt, but not the receipt produced ; that prisoner swore prosecutor said to him after the seizure "I have consulted my lawyer, and I'm going to sell the bullocks." Prosecutor swore this statement of the prisoners was also false. Mr. Barnage's evidence corroborated Mr. Lowe's as to the conversation which took place at the seizure, thus contradicting the prisoner's statements on that point. The prisoner was then com- mitted for trial at the next criminal sittings of the Cir- cult Court in Maitland. Bail allowed-prisoner in £80, and two sureties of £40. One of the persons who came forward as a surety for the prisioner's appearance at the trial fainted, and was seized with a fit as he was about to sign the recognisances. He recovered in a few minutes. NEW MAGISTRATES SWORN- -. Frankla-.d, Esq., of Paterson River, was sworn in as a Magistrate of the ter- ritory before His Honour the Chief Justice on Tuesday, at East Maitland. ACCIDENTS AT NEWCASTLE.- On Monday morning an accident occurred to a man named William Andrews, who was discharging railway iron from the ship William Malhuish. it appears that one of the heavy bars slipped from the lashing, and fell upon the poor fellow's body, inflicting serious injuries, but we are happy to say that he is in a fair way of recovery. A person named John Burke hastened for medical assistance, and Dr. Bulmore was promptly in attendance, and administered restoratives, &c.; Singular coincidence to relate, in a few minutes afterwards a similar accident occurred to Burke, from the effects of which, as the injuries are slight, it is hoped he will recover in a day or two.-Newcastle Chronicle, October 12 CATTLE DISEASE-We have heard reports of late of a disease affecting many of the cattle in the neighbour- hood of Lochinvar, but have hesitated to give them further publicity until some definite information as to the nature of the disease could be obtained. Of this there now seems to be some prospect. The Newcastle Chronicle of yesterday, referring to the locality in ques- tion, says -" Considerable apprehension appears to be entertained by the settlers with regard to a disease that is affecting some of the cattle in the Hunter district, supposed to be pleuro-pnenmonia, and a visit from the Inspector is looked forward to with anxiety. We learn that it is the intention of the officer in question to visit the locality, and decide what is the nature of the com- plaint under which some of the cattle are alleged to be suffering- whether pleura or otherwise-and it the same is of an infectious nature." 