GENERAL NEWS. The I, ate Floods.— Tho ' Queensland Timei of 7th instant says, in reference to the reeent oret- j flow of the flood waters, by which so much oio'P | was done, and sufTering endured : — My SesltJ,' , ; this town, \ylio returned from tho Moouie El''' ; Tuesday evening, gives a, saif account of (lie efffW | of tho flood in that quarter. The information 'it- | which he b,as favoured us was chieflj' obtained fr.3 . CampbelJ, thie postman on the Retreat and ait-1, t, gnaliy Ijue.. Atoncsgntthepostm.m bad fo 1® | a detention of twenty-one d^ys. H; and a man ^ accompanied rum were surrounacu uy --''' ; rising ground, and for eight days Imd nollut! j eat except the small quantity of Sour, tea, and '- g that a bushman carries, with him 011 bis trara' \ tho Otli day the postman killed a hor6e, and tin |j' = lived upon its flesh until the thirteenth day, |! the postman swam, to a sheep station, carrying »? j hip) 110 other clothing than, a bat and *''r ' ...i s stayed tliore eight days unt I the water had »? I sufficiently to enable him to roturn to 'M r S where he left his mail bags and resume l-'J°,T f, Our infotmantr is.not aware of what oecame | other man in the moantime. A consiaerabU j stock and property took place along tin' Jl0™' g although not so much as might haio bi iSmi fi TI10 flpod w.as so great that the Moonie and . „ t rivers joined, forming a sheet of water raorn j | miles ill breadth. At one place, fiftucn hoKi t ? | for severaluluys np to their bellies in w&f;°rr A| t them died, and- the six that were livjng ^ flood weut down, hod their manca.and tails . ( 5 At one station, the name of which is n°| ^ p diav loaded with wool, and about forty D»' . ,j f woolshed were covered by the flood. 1 ,'j t Canmai'uo, lost 250 rains which wcre. A, mm- 1 head station, and I10 and his family with tl S (l| | ness bad to Ieavo the house aud take re''# ]5J: ? woolshed. Mis Browne of Southwnod 'P , sheep out of a flock oflfjOO. The | the verandah of her house. There, station in the district on wh;ch Woro s|0pfi | was not douo. Allitraflic.onth.eio.id .|,e {(rt!^ I but beyond the unavoidable, deten.tion. . 0l\ | on the roadido upfr appear, tp, 'l?v0 ,. I'.|S cf til loss. In addition to the '? 1 flood on tho Moonie, whi«h.w-S S Weir- ' | havo to record the death of a man ^ | pnblieau at Surat. He passed *! ,- | about a month ago. on hi' of i''4; 1 appearar.co of stiflenng from t found. a? Somo doys afterwards lus hois' ' . wa, oiijl suspicion beiflg thus created 0[lcr, ik- ^ when bis corpso was found,^*c',f0n and » I eight or nine miles 'rom„,? ' 4 nn distanco from the road. 1 '',ere , j|iere ', | the body except « flanncl sbirt a^ 'i ^ ^ » wounds or other signs of 1 ,^le°C0',iaIlCd mi'' 2 I that the unfortunate man bad 1^ ,, | undei the oflects of, ' jB thesam'1'! £ lamentable occniranco took P ^ K borhood.. A carrier man, was suffering roueh it jje y I . ultimately went out. of , V' Lud to tb' | I I ' 1 mfortunato man, who appears to bo unmarried, had 1 i .-intJ for o largo sum of money in his possession. | 3 5J Roberts, of Brisbane, appears to have drawn out J 'ill before ho started on tbo road the last time. * 1 IrcTURK.-As noticed by advertisement m our i' r '' i .7 tlie Kev. W. Wilson, pcovious to Ins final dc Sure from Moruya for Sydney, on the following. ' £? delivered a lecture on ' Dk\ kitto, tin} Woik ' ' „ Iloy,'iq.HW new. WpMoym. Church, on Mon t V Z'oveiiiiig last. It is with sincere regret wc are ! nible. from. our limited sp-icn, to give . tln- . lectm,e \- -n its entirety, for wo consider those who wero not ». 'resent lost not only a grcr.t great, but a deal of '? ? ' Liiil'infonniUion, Slujrtly.betore eight o clock, the 1 -wjrctl edifice becauie well ;fiiled. Mr G. Smith pre- ||' ; !j|0 1 most effectively at.the harmonium. and played, ^ lrtforc the coinineuceirieut of- tho lecture, n . very hMUtifnl piece of music, at the conclusion oC whi.;h Mr C' proposed that the Kcv. P: I' itzgerald tike tlie chair, which, receiving thu entire ilpproba 3 ' (j, in ol' the audience, that rev. gentlemen ascended ' the platform, and a neat and concise speech,. iutro diic'il the lecturer, who stated that it.was not his in ' lentioii to confine hi? remark;! entirely to the. life nf X)r Kitto, but iu. giving soma striking pa sages therefrom, to analyse the same nml make such oh 10 ''hi nervations with reference to those passagea.as lie ; tliniiRlit' would cpndupA to t|io pleasure and advan tage of his I (carers. The rev. gentleman then, com h inenced graphically, to describo . tbe infant life r.|id ivrctclieilaess of, the infant Iijlto, tbro.ugh.the drtink ennrss oMvis. father; tlui struggles. of liis aged a' : ; mndinotlicr to give him very, littlo .fogd, and very u ? little learniug ; and after much sneering in tlie vvork t i house r.nil his apprenticeship to a barber, l^s.rcturii / to liis father's roof, and an cndcavoi; on h(S part to ; i'' lecomo a stonemason's laborer; his falling off a lad- i j' dcr thirty five feet high, his lying helplessly ill four 1 !] months at his father's residence ;; his ultimate re- ? I,' covery. and introduction to a Mr Groses, of Exeter,. | j tlu-ou,'h whom he became connected with the Church [ Missionary Society, under whoso anspices lie went jliroad, but returned to England, being for that rea I. ' sun. cast adrift by tho Ohnrch Missionary Society, J £ r,nii liis ultimate 'destruction of the Illustrated Bible ;, e' ; i)| | the results, the lecturer considered wero to be at ( tributeil to ainhiiion, a stong will, and an inordinate i love of mailing : the audience were recommended e ' most strongly to read as much as possible, but by e nil means to avoid reading novels, as giving false if i: instes and ideas; they wete at tho same time re Tuimled that all at their birth were cijiul, and that tiie mail or woman who possessed tho greatest su- ' * foiiority over his oi her lellows, were those who; Ijad, stored their minds with the greatest amount of '' I rii.il learning.—' lloruya Messenger.' t Sticking op op the Guoggan Station by Ren II.U.I, and Co. — In our issue ot Friday, wc reprinted ? from the Yass paper a short notice of the robbery of ! Ur Cliisholin's station by Hen Ilall. We now give ' : nnutli.r and somewhat circumstantial account of the ' same event t'roin the Young ' Daily Tribune' of Gth l ; current. Tlmt journal siys; — On Friday, tho 1st 1 c inst. Hen Ilall paid a visit to Groggan station, Iiland f 3}lains, thirty miles from Young, tlie property of Mr Frederick Cliisliohn— a gentleman well known in ' this district. It appears that Hall had a great long 1 ing to bccoino possessed of Union Jack, tho cele brated racehorse; hut the horse being closely es corted by some troopers from Juuoc, ho ivas disap J pointed. 3Ir Cliisholm caino part of tho way with ' U 10 po/ieo escort, which annoyed Hall and Co. ; and 11 to be revenged for liot obtaining Union Jack, tlioy ® ; Jio iored 3Ir Cliisho'in with their company between ' Beven and eight o'clock on tho ahovo cvoning. Iu ' ' the house, besides Mr C., were a man and a boy, who * ore in liis service, a traveller stopping for tue night, ; and Mr reter Woods, a neighboring squatter, who ! was in be I at the time, and whom tliov did not 1110 ' i* lost. Ilall came into the house by himself, and, ' - . after bidding good evening, proceeded to tie every '! i one up, with their hands behind their back, civilly I ; siying, ' ho came fo- the racehorse Troubadour, mid have him ho would.' Mr Cliisholm asked, What lio wanted with the horso after having left him alone j, ; solong?' Ilall replied, 'That he (.Mr C.) was tuo j' . bloody flash coming from Wagga \V agga ? if lie had ,j 1 returned home by himself, he would not liavo inter i;i fered with him; but if he chosu to keep company j with troupers he must he taught better manners.' J \ Hall tlien untied and marched them nil before him to /j 5 ? the stable where the hnrse was, which ho took out, \- anil brought back to tlie honso. and put a bridle and lt ~ saddle on. He then filled two three-hushol bags 5,) i; with property lrom_ Mr Cliisholin's, station store, j, ennsisting ol clothing of various kinds, tobacco, % saddles and Ill-idles, and quietly asked for Mr Cliis jj :? '? lnilin's gtild wiiteli and chain, which cost twenty-five ? ; ; guineas. These having boon handed to him, he K ; cmily pocketed, remarking that tho watch looked a' m ; good one. He also took two other horses — a chesnnt tf. ' and a bay; and having secured liis booty safely on uH i Hie liorses, ho kindly wished them all good evening, c0 saying, I dare say you arc not sorry I am going.' 10 Mr Cliisholm estimates his loss at about £270. It is ira . . supposed that Hall's companions waited a short dis I, !' .. tancu fur him, and aided him to carry oil' the plunder, ,rj r/ although none of them but Hall was seen. Such aro et», I ? particulars, as far as wo can at present learn, ol jlj p this outrage, alilco disgraceful to our civilisation and ?re S tiovernineiit. It is reported that Troubadour has ilk I keep turned loese by tho bushrangers, but wo doubt m i the truth of it. 'J he bay draught horse which was ;tr » stolen has been recovered, having been picked up on [;l ; tho station by « stock-keeper. cj j. A Mamii Mummy. — In ono of the Ioss,known gullies ,j ; of the Otago gold-fields, a few months ago, three ad B, . Venturous Victorian miners, having found a 'likely |ij I spot.' pitched their tout and sot bravely to work, ci J Tlicy wme moderately successful, and for a week or tivo u'orked on, if not constant, at least hopeful, Tho j moon was in her last quaiter when first they com iji- mqneed operations, and the nights were consequently (fl dark As time wore on, however,, the waning moon ijione brightly upon tliera, as they sat outside their . , tents o( an evening to. smoxe tliuir after-supper pipe,. ie!| for the weather was genial. iyid permitted ol this in. V : dolgJiiec out ot doors. At the extremity of tho gully lijt a sijigularly slipped rock, irregularly pyramidal. 11 t ! that ru so abruptly from the surface, to a height o? '! - : inwards, of thirty feet. Jtot being geological utu in ; dents, thoy had not given special attontion to the i;i ^ feiture of tho locality, beyond remarking that it was ri|- ; not likely to contain any gol.l. On one of these ti evenings, as they wero seated as just described, nn iil! , jj'ying the silcnce, the pipe, and th.c reposo after I-.; : tatiijue.oiie-of tho j'V.'iy suddenly started* 'Look laj \ on the top of the rock ,' ho said to his tivo compa j yions. The moon had j,ust risen, and 1 cv rays fell = directly, upon the summit of the vast pile in front ? of them. They directed their gaae in the directiop i ; pointed out by tho speaker, aiid saw very distinctly a human face, white and ghastly, made visible by the : light nt tue full moon falling iifioii it. ' Is that not ? face?' said the ono imn\ediately addressed. ' There i' is no doubt about i-s being a face, its very odd wo'vo 1,1 J never seen it beforo,' No, it's not odd, you see : there's been no moon till now, and during the day ,cl ' we've been too busy to seo it, besidos it might not fi ^ have been there all tho tinv:,' replied the one parti j culnrly addressed. ?*! don't believe in ghosts,' said it. -u ; the tlii d, '? hut that face answers the desoription of ':y ? reuiarkably. Don't you think vvo'd better it | tnrnin?' And they turned in, hut the next morning j | tliey confessed to each other that they hud nor slept ' r' Ihcy looked hard the following day for the l! i , '#co» it was not to be seen. Tliey saw it again, v '^evcr, on the following night and forsoveral nights C S: nJ'®r' and they heard — or 'auoiod tliey heard — a ;! i l1 aintive moan as if coining from tho top of tho rock. , V 'ey could talk about nothing else, and they lost i | ; t leir appotites and did not work with a will, so they . y. , agreed to leave the gully for sonic other diggings. I -Jn their.ivay tliey met two men, father and son, h : 'hoy told them of tho gully they f $ ' r a 10 reas011 fiey hud quitted it, Tlicflc i ? ? ( w,™ 'nt„ supcratiticms, and thoy mado their t i w'l.L'r Sully at once. At night they saw the ! 'i in.i- IIC? 'c roc^t nnd 'lie next morn ! ;A » .?5'rui,le(^ t0 fcscu id and discover the invs i 'x- \ 'n.L'r1'01, 'I'- considerable risk thoy did so, sfci 2LfT'1 ''f.'^^my of a female child, carefully ii ^ ! ciiiirn i ' atonus. t'10 head resting upon a |( ill hCPTfb ' '|0V1U' I^ece of matting, and between tho i' I i ' birtl (tho ''itoi). Somo of I® ' fullv nlntf i child yet remained, aud it was caro ?I F] of cor?r 'n«a,l- the hand was placed a piece |l !'.{ this lon'rt' brought from a long distance, as Oi on,. Ji iy Wra'! mB,ly ,nile8 from tho 8011 81101 ^ l'i do««i fA*ii !° ? mumm-% whore it had been ex !'? I ?! reinuvpil 3°, wonther. tho intogunionts had been quijo 11 1 ; lileaehed 'it' n ? aiul 1,10 bones perfectly tin been seen IwVr13.?^ Ins part °r the mummy that had '? - - bmTrnn J lie th,reu 'li'era- 11 '''3 b«°» M- I- ?' I '^persons'?' I **' = v weoks- but comparatively few * I: I sjibniitted to h'0' !?' Ilas' lluW0V01' recently been ti { ; tleinmi ..-.''O inspeetinn of several scientific gen -* I speeiallv ?-lly ' 'u'y liavc pronounced it tritirw^., °'1 antomicilly and as illus sfe:t have b'o,'n |*np,lent custom, for it would appoar to ' ¥] veara 'in position in which it was found many ' fcf ininart /„ ?Parl,,!!.u!*r oiroum?tau,ces of its discovery ' ' lagans to take |f t i''J''l i,1,tureat' TI'P P)'oP, ieto1 \ju i| c ' L I^'iglaud. — '.Melbourne Herald,' : ^ i' ; Tliore anwii RT'-|f B r¥-ts at B.obbahoono.— ' ~ nots at Cm n 3 ' pos,iibility ol' f'esfi anti-Chinese ' .ays Snd lHSt, c°Py of t,1B ?' Sfr '? ?rt f.v 1 workod norfin^0 r Ii n'V! UOttr,y 1,10 wll°'0 of the: *%t 'ro witlfin tl?n i° i° mJInSiig. district '! - 1 liibiled from ,v 'lU ,'u3 ,n ,wllicli Chinese are pro , -! { the Chinese p!nlS'l'iK:^ ?bu.tduringthe last few months s'?-| on the so c'alhld i'° i tlioabsenoe ol Europeans, % 1 ? «wek especUUy havoC»'?Ut d,ge'nP' ^ sPrlnS , : I ground an-l taken up a large oxtent of ?\ i: | bundled of th 1,lfo,'mod thatupwards of fi?e Spri .g C ,'L „r P0^1' are «t present located on tl'at l?un nni „0 |0nC' ? , '''''-al consequence is. »orkE I, !n® Chinese have no right I far resistod that ropresentntions weio lorwnrded to! tho local commissioners lhe latter part of last week 1 on the subject ; and on Monday Inst, tin- attitude of tho Chineso bccomin - more confident, a 'roll up' of European miners took place, and nbout a ln:udred proccedod to.tho camp for tin: purpose of apprising tho ofiicials ofthe state of nf.'itii s, aud to inform them that unless tho nuthontie-i tool; pivper steps to avert it, a collision was inevitable. The Chinese hud stated their determination to remain where they v. ere and, if necessary, to light for it. Tiiny si ted pl.iiniy having prohably.becn advisid by other than celestiul advisers, that tliero was no law to diive them from where they were, aud th ,t it' tin: Knrouuans attempted to jump their claims they would throw -tones down the sh fts. The commissioner in-c.linrgc thereupon dispatclnjd an order that the Chineso should quit the diggings witliin a week Irom, last Monday. This edict he is pe.fectly aware, ho cannot legally enforce, inasmuch as, although l lit; Chinese r.ro not allowed to mine within certain certain prescribed limits, the Act doijs.iiot provide for.either line or imprisonment in the event of tlnjir doing so. All that can he done there fijre, as the matter now stinds, is to summon the intruders, and then discharge them; the chances being that they will again return to their claims, and, taking courage from superior numbers, and a sense of injustice, will fight fur what tliey will natu turally cjns'ider, alter being discharged by the Bench their past rights- Mr Slin dtortli, full}' comprehending the ?' situation,' has written to the Government for instructions how to net in this matter That tho mnission of a penal clause iu tlmt as affecting aliens was unintentional on the part of the framers of tho Act cannot be doubted. . : ? Destruction or St. Paul's ('iiuncii,' Baj.la^at. — St. Paul's church, one of ttie gre .test architectural ornaments of Bnllarat liaat, aud biiilt at an outlav of be-tween £3UOO aud £400 J, has all at olice becoinc. unsafe to worship in. On .'nturday afternoon, or, oarly on Sunday morning, the sexton perceived some fissures in the ground on the south-east sido or the church reserve, and some c.rack3 in the wall of the church, whereof notice was at once given to the trustees i f tho church. On an examination of the building, it was found that both the north aild south walls were cracking at intervals from the chancel end, nbout two-thirds below the church, and it was deemed unsafe to hold the us»nl services. The illuming service, therefore, was celebrated in the old schoolroom adjoining, and tho evening ficrvicc, by permission of the borough authorities, in thu Eastern Town Hall. As there was every reason to fear that the danger to the buil liug might increase, steps were promptly taken to secure the beautiful chancel window by removing the glass, and this was quickly and safely done by Sir Portime aud liis aids on Sun day afternoon, while men were at the same time employed in shoring up tho church on the south-east side, where the subMilence of the church appeared to he tlie greatest. Thu tower and lower end of the church exibited no signs of insecurity when we visited tho place last evening, and it is hoped that they may still remain uninjured. Some intention was at ono time had, yesterday, of removing nil the fittings of the church; but as the costly chancel window glass had been secured, and the worst por tion of the walls shored up, it has been decided to leave tho building as it was. This disaster is felt as a soi t of calamity, as the church had only recently been finished after a large outlay in money, and labor, and anxiety, and was really a very handsome as well as commodious edifice. Crowds of people visited the place on Sunday, and a feeling of regret was general. — ' Ballarat Star,' Apiil 4. Tin: Missing Men prom tiif. Panama — Oiir Maryborough correspondent writes on the (3th inst., stating that the men i- issing from tho Panama came to that place on Saturday 1 st with Mr J. G. Walker's boat. It appears that after they left the wreck where the man was found who would not go with ! tliein, they shortly returned and found him gone, j They remained some days with tho wreck, trying to repair a boat, and saw a boat pass away to -the north. They followed in the same direction the next day, and fell in with a boat about six miles from the wreck. They went ashore there and there they found the body of a man. The blackfcllows told ! them they had began to fight them and they had 1 killed thiin. One of the sailors went with a black j who pointed out the place where ho said two other white men were buried. The m irdered inun lias-j been identified from has clothes and general ap pearance as a lumberer, who is known ? by the sobriquet ol Yankee Jaokr' his proper name beinp: l'igott. Tho Harbor Master, immediately on the arrival of tho intelligence, sent the Customs' botit to 1 the bay to find the body and identify it. The boat has since returned, bringing one of the men who ivas supposed to have been killed. The Late Dn. Bolton — The ' Mercuiy ' of Mon day says . — On Sunday last every means that could' he devised to discover the missing body, of the late L)r B Hilton was resorted fo. Bjnts were dispatched' I from Morpeth early in the morning to search both sides of the river's hank as far as .Hexham, and shortly before noon steam was got up on boiird the H. It. N. S. N- Co.' drogher, and a considerable num ber of the inhabitants of Morpeth proceeded in her to make further searc'.i. Since the unfortunate gentle man was missed, tho Raymond Terrace people (lave been unremitting in their enduavours to recover the body, and the Kcv. Mr. Blooinfield particularly exerted himself in searching the' flats and Spectacle {??land, aud so oil to Iiexliam, All efforts, however, have proved unavailing, and it is feared tlhit the body has been washed out to sea, ' 