THE INEBRIATE ASYLUM, NEW YORK. This is nil asylum for drunkards who voluntarily enter it for tho purposo of abandoning their drinking lmi»its. having lost all power of self-control whilst stiMcct to tho every day temptation which sur- round them. Tho trustees of tho proposoft Inebriate Asylum in Now York havo issued an appeal to the churches of tho United Stntcs, and of tho American public fur assistance. Some of tho statements aro start ling. as— Who can doubt tho vital importnnco of such nn asylum, when oven before its first story is com pleted, applications have boon mado for admittance, many of which aro from tho patients themselves? Among tho applicants aro 2S clergymen, 30 physi cians, -12 lawyers, 3 judges, 12 editors, -1 army and 3 naval officers, 179 inorchanls, 55 iurinevs, 515 mechanics, and 410 women, most of them ladles. llow caino all these to be prostrate and so dis graced? Did thoy descend to drunkenness and shnmo with ono step, or did thoy go down by tho very dangerous stairway of moderation ? " Twenty-eight clergymen "—men who wore, if we believo thoir profession, called by tho Holy Ghost to watch tho flock of the faithful, and to I45 themselves sentinels and guardians upon tho walls of /ion ; these incn, by the way of moderation, linvo fallen — alas! How low. " Thirty-six physicians' — men who know the danger that lurks in the cup of abomhmbto things, and yet partook of its uiiholy and d&tructlvo; con tents. Thoy aro prostrate nud helpless in tho fiendish power of tho tyruut who has bound them in his adiunantiuo chains. " Forty-two lawyers" — men, who by tho practieo of their honourable profession, are often deep into the aifairs of others; they havo turned their know ledge into licentiousness, havo disgraced humanity aud tho bar, and are now Bhivuring inebriates, seeking admission into the halls and retreats of this asylum. "Three judges" — conservators of tho pcnco, purity, 'nud protection of thoir respective jurisdic tions— men who minister tho law themselves, pros trated liolow tho poor creatures upon whom they executed tho vengeance of tho violated sluliito, and thoir ermine dragged iu tho pollution of Bacchana lian degradation. " Twelve editors " — Men who for tho sake of tho community and themselves, ought to abstain from, and honestly denotiuce, any participation iotho demoralising customs of sucioty— they advertised the poison In thoir columns, took bribes, perhaps, to , slander tho tcmpcrnnco cause, aud fell into the snares which thoy assisted to sot for others. "179 merchants" — what horrible havoc upon tho commercial enterprise, industry, and intelli gence of tho country ! " 55 farmers "—who should havo been publicly useful in their day.', "515 mo- chnnies"— men who might havo carved out an honourable name, and left an unsullied reputation — how dogradud ! " Four hundred and ton womon from tho high walks of life 1" llorriblo words I What a summary i Surely the demand is loud to tho pulpit, tho platform, and tho press, to "stay this plague."— American paper. The Swino Gate foh Duai'tiso Sunup. — This Sinn was invented by Mr. W, L. Morton, on 1st nnuary, 1818. It is now, wo understand, univer sally adoptod by tho floekowners of Victoria, but only partially in otiicr Australian colonies. For the benefit of our readers, iu parts where the inven tion is unknown, weeopy from Mr. Morton's letter to the Argus, of tho above date, Ids description of it. " From the yard containing tho tnixed flock let a long pnssngo.be formed — say ton or twolvo yards iu length, converging from eighteen to two fcut ; it verging from two feet to one foot four inches. At tho distanco of five feet from tho end of this pas sage, and exactly opposite to it, let a post bo sot up, on which hang a light gate that can be moved from side to side, within tho end of tho narrow part. Tboru may be oithcr one yard to rcceivo one sort, whilst the other is allowed to walk away, or thoro may be a yard on each sido. Caro, however, must bo tukon to allow tho sheep to movo right onward from tho gato, to induce thoso coming along tho narrow pnssugo to follow. U110 man is required to eot tlic sheep in motion along tho passage— another, who should bo partly concealed, holds the gate, by moving which slowly from one sido to tho other, oach sort is allowed to pass into its own yard. Even if sheep of different sorts como alternately, thoy can thus be separated easily and without mis take. If tlicro aro more than two sorts to be parted, there may now bo gates and yards on each side of ttie narrow passugo, near tho prlneipnl goto." Mr. Morton states that by this modo of drafting 10,000 mixed sheep can be separated in a forenoon, with out labour, without iujuriug tho sheep, and without laying a hand, upon them. 80 much fur tho iii.wm- tion.. But tho mvontor has novcr rccoivcd any re ward or acknowledgment for tho scrvieo ho has dono to tho pastoral iutorest-and to tho colony. Somo of Mr. Morton's friends doom this nn injus tice; and propose to present him witli a testimonial. From the Argue we learn that a committee has been formed for tho purpose, and that Mossrs Sum ner, Barker, and Gibson huvo consented to act ns treasurers. Our contemporary adds—" If all who have benefitted by tho introduction of tho swing- unto contribute a mite, n handsomo testimonial should bo tho result." — Economist, Singui.au Exi'OIitation n:0M Svdnev.— On Fri day and Saturdnyptho 29th nud 30th ultimo, tho bodies of 188 Cinnamon which had been exhumed and brought from difibreut parts of New South Wales, were shipped on board tho Butcrborough, commanded by Captain Orchard, for transportation to Hong Kong. The Chinese residing iu Sydney hired a steamer and also a hand of Chinese musi cians for tho purpose of accompanying the vessel to tho heads, thus showing their marked respect for the boucs of their countrymen. " Ma," said a fivo year old young lady to her mother the other day, "do thoy make uicu the same as thoy do stockings?" "llow absurd yon are Jane— of course not." "Then what made you say this morning, ma, that Major Spanker was a re markably well kuit man." 