DISTRICT i\'E\VS. t iTMACftUAKfE RIVER. \ Accor.linj* to advertisement, a t'a and public int'i tiniT iu connection with the Church -»f E'i;lui ! ; lo'-k place nt, the C'huveli-Seh'Hil, Muequnnc Uiver. on Wcilnralny I'M, the 1'Jth inst., mul th- who fait any interest in the movement will he h:*|-|»y to learn that the result of tho meeting was quite ji success, hot)) in a social and pecuniary point ol view. Wo are not nwn'c whether Seer Sixhy Wiw consulted as to the way on vrh'tch tlie meeting wan to ho held, hut a more pie isant and suitable day could not have heeu chosen for the occasion than the day mi which the above meelint' to.de place, and the ?Sid it numheis present prove 1 that the inhahitints ?if both ends of the district, as well as those of .Mac* quavic Uiver and .'Shellharhnr, we*e not si -w in taking advantage of the opportunity of bein^ present to enj.»y themselves 011 the occasion, for the number pvosent could not have heun far, if any. shoit of 40l) persons — a g.itljcn'nj duch as the iMarq-.iarie Vale never beheld before. Tlw clergymen present on tho occasion were, the ttev. T G\ 15»vfnirf of Wollongong tlio Iiov. Mr. toilette, of Jambeioo, and the Hoy. Mr. Innes, of Sydney. Tho last named gentleman held a service in tiie forenoon in the KChonlhoutfo. aJtcr which lie delivered a sh -rt address to a crowded'cm^rogntion. ?Several members of *he Jamberoo choir were present, and assisted with their musical talent and sicill, much to the pleasure of those who beard them during tho day. At the conclusion of this service, tlio company prepared to take their places at tho THA JIEICTING, close to tho School-bouse for tliu occasion, but large n3 it was it proved quite insufficient tn accommodate all present at thine or four sittings. The manner in which the structure was decorated cleai ly proved that tlie ladies of JIacquaric Uiver aro nothing be hind their fair sisterB of the north or south end of tbo district in t ste and d-.votedness to beauty and art, by tho display anil arrangement of the flags, flowers, evergreens, &c; , that so gracefully adorned the tent iu which the tea meeting took place. High over tho door at one end gently floated the Union Jack, while abovo the other end waved the Harp of Hrin, ill red on a green ground ; and not the least xvi rthy of notice xvas a motto very ingeniously con structed of green leaves nnd yellow berries, over tho side door, forming the words ' Welcome All.' The more substantial provisions, such as tho cakes and tea, were of the best quality, anil of quantity there was no lack, for although there xverc many more pre-ent than was expected there xvas abundance of the good things to spare, after all had ' fared sumptu ously.' After all had been served xvith teaand cake, and xvhen tho tea things and fragments xverc re moved. The Rev. .Mr Corlette explained the reason why the meeting bad been got up, which xvas to endeivor to raise sufficient funds for the purpose of painting and lining the schoolhouse, which had to be used as a church also, aud ho hoped tho proceeds of the meeting ivnitld lie .sufficient not only to xvell paint and line the schooIiiou.se, but also to build another room to it, so as to make Jlr Taylor as comfortable as be deserved to De, xvhicli would be a great induce me-t for him to get a Jlrs Taylor soon. The rev. gentleman then proposed a x'oto of thanks to the ladies, anil to Mr, Freer and Jlr. Allen, xvho had labored so hard to bring the meeting to a suc cessful termination. This, of cou-se, was given xvith a hearty good xvill by all present Tiiu Rev. T. C. liwing then addressed the meeting, and ntated the pleasure he felt in being ''-resent and seeing things pass of so successfully; but. what bad they met there to do? that was the question. And the answer to that question xvas, ' to get money.' The farmer and the tradesman's greatest xvant xvas money ; so it xvas xvith them oil that occasion. They xvanted money, and th-ymust get it by the Volun tmy system ; but as he (Jlr. Ewing) did not believe in the Voluntary system, he xvished to be vei'3' par ticular, so as not to he misunderstood, ill making use of those remarks. He recollected having read in the ' Illaw.arra Mercury,' a few years since, that a min ister belonging to a ceitiin denomination (not the Episcopalian) bad '? raised the gnnst' nt a meeting held in connection xvith that gentleman's church at Shelliiarbor. and he (Mr. Giving) felt puzzled until lie had to 'gix'e it. np' trying to malic out what ' raising the ghost ' could mean, for he could come to no other conclusion than that the clergyman must have been spouting about the Witcli of Etitlor, or that the editor of the ' Hxpress' (Mr Sinel iir) had been there and xvas amusing the people by displ tying some of bis communications with the world of spirits to a visible extent ; but tiie Bishop of Sydney happening to bo in Wollongoncr soon alter, and hb the Bishop xvas a learned anil xvise mail, he (Jlr. Giving) asked him what could be the mcming of 'raising the gliost' at the meeting alluded to? and and the Bishop explained it to him by informing him that :t meant closing the doors 011 a cons, roga tion xvhile they xvotild be inside a church, and not to let them out until they xvonl I pay ell debt xvliich might lie 1111 the building. Now. that xvas the sort of ghost they want d to raise that day, and as they culd not cl-'se thoso present, inside tho tent (for they could get out through tlie sides anywhere) they ivould have to act 011 the Voluntary principle, nnd get xvhat they could and be satisfied ; but he did not believe in the Voluntary system, for seveial reasons, one of xvhicli xvas that a man might do a vast deal of harm under that system while he did not mean to do it, for in order to pull doxvii a cliii'ch it xvas not necessary to take ro;ies to put round the building for the purpose of doing it by sheer strength, or to employ a battjry against the ivalls of it to level it to clio ground all tliat required to be done to accomplish that work of de struction xvas simply to 'stop the supplies,' and the pillars would be taken fiom under tlie temple of God, aud the xvholo structure would fall to the ground. The reason, therefore, why be never could or xvotild believe in that principle was that there were always so many men who would do xvhat they ought to do. hut who xvotild do xvhat they should not, although thoy might mean no harm by it; but tliu man xvho xvithheld his support Irom the cause of religion xvas doing the work of the atheist and infidel, only in a different way III this case tbarc xvas also another reason ivliy they had to ai t on the voluntary principle, and that was because they were supporting the De nominational instead of tlm National system of edu cation, and consequently thoy xvotild not get a far thing from any other sourci than from their own pockets, while, tinder the National system, for every £1 that tne supporters ol it cool I raiso they got £2 added from the Board. Therefore, they and all who supported the opposite system were plaeod at a great disadvantige to please the faction xvho nil ;d the affairs of tbs country. This xvas 0110 of the greatest wrongs xvhicli could have been committed upon us as a nation ; .t xvas ail injustice 1 1 thorn as Kpiacopalians; it xvas an injustice to Roman Catholics, to Piesby terians, and to Wesleyan .Methodists ; and if the tiaining up of tho youth of the country was left to the National system alone it would soon ruin the prospects of Nexv South Wales, for uhdor that system the word ol God xvas not alloxved 'to be | read, nor the voico ofl 'prayer heard xvi thin the walls of any of its buildings Tho Rev. Gentium 111 then concluded by expressing bis hope, that they xvould give liberally xvhen the hat ivould lie banded round, and promised that if the crown should drop out of it. ho would help to gather up the pence himself. Acollecti'ii xvas then made, and about the sum of £.3 obtained, this added to the profits arising from tlie Siile of tickets xvill, we are told, aniouut to about £30., which together xvith sums raised by Mr Grey, and others, xvil\ amount to something hand some After the collection xvas made the xvhole company retired to a paddock opposite the schoolhouse, where the youths enjoyed themselves by footracing, jump ing, racing blindfolded xvith wheelbarrows, and other amusements, to their hearts content ; and, with the exception of a leivladies who xverc slightly alarmed 111 consequence of one ot blindfolded racers getting oil his course, among the croxvil with his xvheoibartoxv, the whole passed off most pleasantly ; but, had not a friendly slump arrested this ungallant youth in Ins course, bv giving liiui a somersault ovei his xvbeel barrow, xvo tire not certain but we might have moio than damage to.. crinoline, to report. 