Ob Me Matter tfthe Inquirer and, Commercial Newt. Sir,— Thank goodness Fve nearly re covered' from the effects of tfait shameful attack, and though rather weak from that and the influenza, which came at the eame time, I am, mercy be praised, able to say a few words in season — and so I have been all through for that matter. At this blessed time, when we are all cheerful, and oar husbands pay the tradesmen's bills. I'm sure to gracious we ought to think of the suffering poor, and I'd a great mind to send a small donation to relieve the awfal distress of the squatters, but then I hadn't the ghost of an idea that the horrid Bank had been raining us all the time, and that we should want every farthing for ourselves. I'm sure I'm delighted that the Directors have goi it bo soundly ; and if that Cashier has slept a wink ever since, I can only say, it's like his impudence. To think that they've been' making such shocking charges all this time, and encouraging the' Tommy' system, whatever that may be— something dreadful no doubt — and we knowing nothing about it! Really the place is full of extortion-and imposi tion, and it is high time that the Governor took tbe business in band, and just let the Bank know that if they thought they were going to make money by persecuting poor people, they were mightily mistaken; and if that didn't do he should just tell one of the gentlemen at the Government Offices to make a law to say that if those people took anything from the poor, they . should be severely punished. Don't talk to me, LongdLackitt, about the coarse of trade, the laws of commerce, political economy, and such rubbish. I tell you that we don't require books and science to teach' us com mon sense, and I'm sure I'm very glad that the gentleman who just gave the Bank people a bit of his mind didn't bother his head about such things. I only wonder he stopped where he did. It's my opinion, other people are as much to blame as the Bank. Look at tbe storekeepers; wbat awful charges! I won't say anything about groceries, though goodness knows we've enough to pay for them,' but I can't help saying a few words aboat the fearful price for calicoes of all sorts ; for any thing which is made of cotton. It's non sense to tell a woman of few words, at the same time of much experience, like myself, that it's all owing to the war in America. Wbat on earth can the fighting of these people have to do with ladies' underclothing ? I allow it's positively dreadful that they should beill-using each other in the frightful znan&er; they do, and I only hope the Queen will come forward and put a stop to it ; I would in five minutes, if I were in her place. I remember once there was a dreadful commotion between some gentle men from the country whom Longclackitt had been- so imprudent as to invite to dinner. I forget wbat the quarrel was about — something connected with horses I believe. However, after I had retired, there was a dreadful outcry ; of course I rushed in, fearing something would happen to poor Longclackitt. £ found him, poor lamb, striving to make peace between his friends, but evidently without avail. I soon arranged matters. I spoke a few words which convinced them 'that they were both in the wrong, and in half an hour there was peace and quiet. In the same way. a few words, well spoken, would stop the dreadful state of things in America, though far be it from me to dictate to my Sovereign. Let me see, what was I saying — Oh about the price of cotton goods— as Long clackitt calls everything made with cotton, whether shirts or muslins. Well, I say, the extravagant demands of extortioners ought to be put a stop to; of course no sensible person believes for one moment that the war has anything to do with it. Like the Bank, the storekeepers are making money by robbing the poor, and I say that it is the duty of the Governor to make those men reduce their charges, and when he has the law made for keeping the Bank in order, he ought also to manage so that storekeepers would be punished if they continued to injure the poor persecuted colonists. Now Long clackitt — not a word — you will always talk — I don't care about your ' interference with commerce.*' I'm sure you ought to be grateful to me — you pay the bills, not I, thank goodness. And as tbe Bank ought to have branches in different places, I also think that storekeepers should be compelled to do the same, and thus put an end to that dreadful state of things called ' Tommy.' For mark my words, where there's compe tition, there will be a greater chance of the tradespeople doing less, and their cus tomers doing better. I'm sure I now feel for the poor squatters, and when I saw poor Toison D'Or driving in his chaise, the very image, of ruin and despair, my heart quite bled for him, so I took the first opportunity to tell him my mind, in a few words; and he said at once that the storekeepers were ruining the squatters, and the colony, by ex orbitant charges for tobacco, which they laid to the account of the American war, and that they were determined to set them down, and have laws passed to make them sell at moderate prices. That they may succeed is tbe fervent prayer of TABITHA LONGCLACKITT. 