BOXING-DAY AMUSEMENTS, WOOLLOOMOOLOO BAY REUATTA. Ten love ra of aquatic sports appear doamcd to dis appointment in the mat.er of weather, as a favouring bietee and a delightful atmospheru on regatta day a are the exception and not the rule. It will be in ihe recollection of many that for 6ereial mouths pre cedinc Xoxine-day of last jear a drought prevailed throughout the country, and therefore the incessant rain with which we were visited on ihe day in ques tion was hailed by many with very great satisfaction ; but we qucition whether the lowering clouds and occasional i-howerB of Saturday last were greeted in that spirit, or borne with so much patient forbearance, for {at least durifif; the morning) disappointment npptarcd 10 be written upon every countenance. Very little complaint ws6 heard ab ut the direction or furcc of the wind, as it was not sufficiently strong to prevent any ofthe roces from coming off; heavy squall?, however, were not infrequent throughout the day. The fir.t race was arranged for ten o'clock, but in const quonce of the tlircauning weather and meagre attendance (the latttr, indeed, being the resuU of the former), it was «»t tttr;cd lill neaily eleven o'clock. Towards the middle of the day, the e impany on board the flogfhip won c neiderably increased in numbers, and early in the afternoon ihtre were as many on board as could be comforiably accommodated. The fine (.hip Canaan, Captain Wilson, did duty as flag ship, and her capacious cabins were well adapted C* accommodating a large number at the luncheon, while her roomy poop afforded ample spice for those who desired to indulge in the 'poetry of motion,' under the inspiration of buoyant spirits and excellent music. j\nd here we ehou'd mention that perhaps the mist ia portant access: ry to the Bport was the presence ot the Volunteer band, whose performances are eo well known 10 the lovtre of pood tnu«ic that no word of praise is needed hire. Ladies formed a very consid erable portion of vititors to the flag-ship, aud there fore it is hardly necessary to state that dancing was commenced early in the day, and kept tip till lhtc in the evening. In the afternoon-# large number of pleasure-ieeker*, defiant of rain and clouds, congregated on Kubinson'a baths and the points fiom which a view of the regatta could be obtained; but there was scarcely a t-nih of ihe num. ber tbat would have made the rocks and woods echi with their merry voices had the weather been pie. pitious. Several rel'ieshment bjuths were erected on shore, for tbe convenience of thuse who had braved the weather ; and nt one lime ttiev appeared to bs driving a good trade ; still the speculation could hardly have proved oiherwite than unsuccessful. Luncheon was provided on board the flig- nhip by Mr, Wakefield, late ptcvidoie of the Clarence steamer, and nearly the whole of those on board patronised this highly inipor'an adjunct to a day's pleasure. With regard to theraues, litile ofa general character need be said ; nearly the whole of thein were well contested, and exci ed a good deal of in terest, but there were none that c uld be considered of Very great importance. For instance, there was no race for first-class yachts, and even that fjr second. clasB tell through for want of entrances ; moreover, there was no race for all comers in wager f-kitf-, nor indeed eny race at all in wager skiffs. The majority of the prizes Went to amateurs, nor are we disposed to qutrrel with the committee on tnis account ; for these provisions of a programme stimulate a large number of young men to practice, and thus lay tbe foundation cf many succetsf.il tourneys on our beauti ful watt rs in after years, and may perhaps materially contribute to our reputation as expert boatmen and grod scullers. Mr. ti. Thornton acted with his usual efficiency as umpire, and Mr. Alderman Moore gave every satisfaction as starter. Inspector Cowell, of the \ Water Policc, v- ith the assistance of two basts' ere ws, kipt the course clear and rendered efficient aid to the committee. Wiih these preliminiries we append a deieiled account of the racing. First Race. — For all youths under eighteen years of age, pulling two pairs of sculls, in skiffs, with eoxswain. Course — From the whirf at the head of 'Woolloomooloo Bay, round Fort Denison, and back to the flagship. First prize £6, second £2. Eatrunec. 16s. 6d. Favourite, 11. M'Cleey and G. Yates, pink and white ... ' Faroritt, j, Pemett and G. Merriman, blue and white ... 2 lliBsrnger, M. Dowd t.nd D. Connelly, pink and blue Bwan, W, lluggelt and H. Dunn, blue. An c xcellent start was effected ; but before the boat* had proceeded 200 yards, M'Cleer and Yates in the Favourite forged a-hcadof the others, increased their lead to the finish, end won by about twenty lengths, Favorita second, the others nowhere. Second Race. — For all bona fide amateurs pulling n pair of sculls in skiffs. Course — same as No. 1. Prize, £10, or a cup. Entrance, £1 Is, Pavorita, A, Crook, pink and acarlett ... ... ... 1 A.B.B.C..J. IV. Aeaetin, blue and white ... ... ... 2 XerlirtL, feL Freeman, -white ... ... .., ... S Favourite, W. w, Calvin, pink and whitr Star of Australia, T. Miller, blue yrceiom, J. Garvan, white und green, Mr. Freeman, in Zerlina, was a great favourite for ?this race, and for a considerable distance he sustained the confidence of liis friends by maintaining a good pcsiiion; but Mr. Crook, with a magnificent sweeping stroke, gradually distanced every other in the race, snd towards tbe finish pulled at his ease. In pulling home fiom Fort Denison, Mr, Atselin passed Mr. Freeman, and in this order the three boats passed the flegstip, the others being hopelessly in the rear. Third Race.— For all amateurs pulling a pair of t culls in skiffs. Course. Same as No, 1. First prize, £10 ; second, £2. .Entrance, £1 Is. Waratah, R. Yeend, white, blue Rash ... ... ... 1 Star of Australia, J. Donnelly, bine, with star ... ... 2 Champion, P. Mulhali, red, white, and blue.., ... ... 3 favoula, J. Galbraiih, white Swan, C. Barnett, blue and white Favourite, J. M'Cleer, green and white Yeend was backed to win this race, but in consc quence of his recent defeat at Balmain by M'Cleer, the latter was not without friends. It was a splendid race from (tart to finish, Yeend leading all the way, buteo closely pressed was he by Donnelly, that when the gun filed denoting that the race was over he had no more than half a boat's length to spare. Mulball was a good third. M'Cleer disappointed a good many, as he did not show prominently nt all in the race. Fourth Race — For all bona fide skiffs under canvas. Course - liom their nc or irgs in Woolloomooloo Bay, j round Shark Island, round flagship, round Fort Denison, and back to flagship. First prize, £10; I second, £3. Entrance £1. Iftdonna, L. Herring, light blue ... ... ... ... 1 Star, D. M'Lean, red ... ... ... ... ... 2 Berald, J. Richards, dark blue. Madonna got tbe start and occupied the premier pofition throughout tbe race, although at times she had but a very short lead of her antagonist. Tnis was especially the case toward the close of the race, the Star having gained considerably in turning to windward from Fort Denison. The Herald had no chance with either of the leading boats. Fifth Race.— For all open boats not exceeding 22 Ij'eet overall, under canvas. Course — from their moorings in Woolloomooloo Bay, round Lightship, and Sow and Pigs, round flagship, round Fort Denison, and back to flagship. First prize, £10 ; second, £3. Entrance, £1. Leimre Honr, V. P. Gurdon, blue and while ... ... 1 feura, J. Watta, red, white cross ... ... ... 2 Julia, W. Dunn, blue, white cross ... ... 9 v/aveney, H. Woolnough, red Dora, G. Yeonwna, blue with white stripes Blanche, J, fiempill, magenta. The Leisure Hour maintained her Deputation for sj:«ed and added another to her list of victories, by winning the race cleverly. The lot got away uoon equal terms, with a fine fresh breeze, and as they stood down the harbour toward the Lightship, they all Appeared in close attendaneeupon the Leisure Hour, who was lading. In ileturning^it was observed that h long distance separated the first and last boats. They passed' the ship in the following order: — Leisure Hour first, Laura second, Julia third, Dora fourth, Blanche, fifth, and Waveney last. This order was maintained during the remainder of the race, the Leisure Hour securing the first prize by about six or eight lengths, Laura and Julia having a fine race for second pli.ee. Sixth Race.— For all youths not exceeding sixteen years of age pulling a pair of sculls in dingies not ex \ ceeding 14 feet over all. Course — Same as No 1. ,, .First prize, £4 ; second £1. Entrance 6b. Alarm, II. Yates, pink and white ... ... ... . . 1 Edith, P. Punch, white ... ... ... ... ... 2 ! Topey, G. Williams, blue and white. Yates jumped off with the lead, was never caught, And won at his ease, Punch being seoond, and Williams nowhere. The seventh race on the programme was arranged ( fcr second-class yachts, but there were no enttances, tod consequently no race. ^iighthRace. — For all third class yachts not exceed- j ing 6 tons, Course — from Flagship round the Light ship and Sow and Pigs, round the flagship, round Shark Island, and baok to the flagship. First prize, £16. Second, £3. Entrance, £1 10s. Irene, V. Bntith, dark blue... ... ... ... ... 1 Zephyr, J.B.Graham, white, red oross ... ... — 3 Ettie, I. J, Bpyer, jun., red, white cross. This was a splendid race between Irene (otherwise known as the Emma) and Zephyr. From the time the flag dropped till the gun announced the Irene to be the winner, they were in close company, tbe Irene i having a slight lead, Zephyr having to be content with second place. Ninth Race.— For all bona fide aunteurs pulling a pair of oars in ckiffs. Course— Same as No. 1. Fird priae, £10 ; eccond, £2. Entrance, £1 Is. Kcrlina, Q. and O. Deloitte, magonta and blue ... .1 Favorita, J. and A. Crook, blue and scarlet ... S Freedom, J Garvan and J. Harming, white aail green. Hebe, J. Femell and G, Merriman, blue aad white, The Dtloiues were the favourites for this rite, and they realised the anticipations of their backers by winning it cleverly, although closely pushed by the Crooks. The others had not the ghost of a chance. Tenth Race. — For all comers pulling two paiis of sculls in licensed watermen's skills, with coxswuin. Course ; From wharf at tbe head of the biy, round Fori Denison, round FJagchip, round Fort Denison, and back to Flagship. First prize, £12 ; seconJ, £2, Entrance, £1 Is. Champion, 3, Dunnett and G. Nash, white „, ... ... 1 Just-in-Timc, T. M'Grcgor and Robert Green, white, blue star i Favorlta, P. Connelly ru.d J. Phelps, blue and white... ... 3 Champion booked to vin it, and won it easily. There was a magnificent s'ruggle for second place, which resulted in favour of M'Qregor and Green. Eli voath Race. — For all amateurs pulling two paiis of sculls in tkifls, with coxswain. Course — same as No. 1. First prize, £10 ; second, £2. Butrauce, £1 Is, Star of Australia, J. Connor and J. Donnell, bluo with star ... t Wtiiainb, R. Ytend and P. Mulhall, red, white, and blue ... 2 Favorite, J. M'Cleer and J, Galbralth, green and while ... 3 In this race the favourites were again successful. Waratah got a slight advantage at the start but she was soon overhauled by Star of Australia, and ia this order they finished the' race. Favorita third. Twelfth Race.— For all bona fide amateurs, who have never won a public prize, pulling a pair of oars in skiffs, with coxswainB. Coutse — Same as No 1. First prize, £9 ; Eccond, £2. Entrance, £1 Is. Swan, R. Yonnger and T. Frith, blue ... ... ... t Fairy, W. G; Robertson and J. Want, white .. ... .. 2 Zoe, R, Wood and B. Yeend, magenta and white ... ... S Favorita, J. Femell and G. Merriman, blue and white. The Swan and the Fairy cut out the work in this race, and pushed each other every Btroke of the distance. By the time the leading boats were oppo site Lady Macquarie's Point, in going down, the other boats were oat of the race. Thirteenth Race. — For all comers in licensed watermen's skiffs, pulling a pair of sculls. Course— same as No. 1. First prize, £10; second, £2. En trance, £1. Champion, J. Dunnett, pink ... ... .., ... 1 Jto6t in Time, Kobert 'Green, while, bluo star ... ... 2 Favorita, P. Connelly, blue and white ... ... 3 Alabama, G. Mulhall, white ... ... ... ... 4 No one would go down fcr this race but Dunnett, who took first place after a desperate struegle with Green. The veteran waterman George Mulhall took part in this race, and was loudly cheercd; but the plucky old man has lost the physical vigour he once enjoyed, and haB no chence with the aquatic athletes of the present day. Fourteenth Race. — For all bona fide amateurs pulling two pairs of sculls in skiffs, with coxswains. Course — Seme as No. 1. First prize, £8; second, £2, Entrance, £1 Is. Star of Australia, T. Miller and J. Bennett, blue ... ... 1 Favorita, J. and A. Crook, blue and scarlet ... ... ... Z Freedoni, J. Garvan and J. Manning, while and green. Favorita, W. W. Galvin and G. Yates, pink and white. It wee known tbat this race would lie between the Crooks in Favorita, and Miller and Bennett in the Star of Australia, end both did their best to pull off tbe prize. Strength and endurance appeared to be on the side of the latter, and they eecured the victory, but it was no gift to them. Fifteenth Race. — For all nmafeurs palling a pair of oars in ekiffs with coxswains. Course sara as No. 1. First priz°, £9 ; second, £2. Entrance, £1 Is. Btru of Australia, J. Connor and J- Donnelly, blue with star ... 1 Waratah, P. Mnlhall and R Yeend, red, white, and blue ... 2 Swan, C. Barnett and PeierMarkey, blue and white ? 3 The finish between Star of Australia and Waratah was the closest, and the race the mOBt exciting, of any dui ing the day. Up to the last halt minute it was difficult to tay which would be declared the winner. T he Star, however, poked her nose in first and secured first prize. Gig and Dingy. — Purse, £3 3s. Entrance, gig, 10s. ; dingy, Is. Dingy, Johnny Gilbert, p. Punch, white ... Gig, Will if I Can, Brewster, blue. This was a rather tame affair, as the dingy had no difficulty whatever in keeping the gig at a respectful distance. Once, however, the lad (Punch) gave the bowmtn of the gig a chance, and he jumped over board ; but he had his labour for his pains and a good ducking also. It should be mentioned that the people in the gig pulled in among the boats in a most reckless and reprehensible manner, and one of them hit a child eo violently in his face with a paddle, that the poor little fellow was nearly knocked overboard, and got his face very badly bruised. At the termination of the sport the band played ' God save the Queen,' and in a short time the com pany on board the flagship left for the shore. 