THE WAR SPIRIT IN EUROPE. . Anticipations of War at Victna. — The Vienna correspondent of the Times says : — ' There is hardly a statesman or a diplomatist in Vienna who does not think tliero will be a war in the spring. The Em peror Francis Joseph has told tho bond of tho War Department that ho must bo prepared for all con tingencies.' A letter frcm Liege states that there has not been for u long time past so great a demand far firearms in that town. Agenis from soveral foreign Govern ments, particularly the Italian, are at present at Liege, pressing the manufacturers to completo their contracts. Garibaldi and Victor Hugo. — The following letters, snys t!io Guernsey Star, have just been in terchanged belwceu theso distinguished personages : — ' Caprcra, 2ut.li November. — Dear Victor Hugo, — I was certain of yonr assistance, and you mnst be ?certain of my gratitude. What you say is true ; and I wish I had the million of hearts which would make tho million of muskets unnecessary. I would have tho universal concord which would render war needless. I, like you, await with confidence tho awakening of tho peoples, but to realise truth with out suffering, and to follow the triumphant road of justico without watering it with tears — this is the ideal that has thus far iu vain been sought. It is for you who are the light-bearer to point out a less painful way, and for us to follow you. Yonr friend for lifp, G.vniBALDi. Victor Hugo, Guemsoy.' '?Hautovillo House, 20th December. — Daar Gari baldi, — We both of us have faith, and our faith is the same. Tho awakening of the nations is inovit uble. For myself I have a deep convictiou that when tho timo is corns, but little blood will bo shed, Tho Europe of the Peoples fara da se. Even the revolutions tho most fortunate and the most neces sary have their responsibilities, aud you, like my self, are of those who dread for them the enormous weight of a drop of blood unnecessarily shed. Let us havo no blood at all ; that is the ideal ; and why not the ideal ? When tho i4eal is reached by men, and you yourself suflice to provo it, why may it not bo attained by things? Tho level of hatreds sinlcs in proportion as tho level of hearts is elevated. Let us, then, all endeavor (o elevate them. Deliver ance by mind — revolution by civilisation — this is our object — yours as well as mine. And when wo mnst tight the last battle we may be assured that it will bo beautiful, generous and great; it will be as beneficent as any battle can bo. Tho problem is in some sort solved by your presence. You aro the hero of peace traversing the path of war. You are the righteous sword. Dear friend, I press your illustrious hand. Victor Hugo. To General Guribaldi, Cuprera.' The Agitation in Hungary. — The following is tha text of a proclamation issued in the name of Kossuth. .It is published in the AUeansa of Milan : — ' By order of Louis Ko3suth, tho Na tional Committee of Independence to the Nation. Fidelity to the ilag of 1819 survives in tho heart of our nation. Refusing to accept any kind of com promise, the great majority of tho nation is firmly resolved to shake off the detested yoke of German domination. But, as the external signs of our na tional life have in recent times not been in harmony with that resolution, our natural allies abroad have conceived doubts as to tho firmness of our designs. Theso doabts havo been the greatest obstacles to the efforts of our Government tendiug to the deliverance of the country. Tho removal of that obstaclo bocomes an imperious necessity beforo tho now turn of European events — a turn offering a prospect f.ili a£ tivnmian fn nil fllf- fliinnl/ia Itrlin rrVAd ti iinrlnn n foreign yoke. We must give a sign of life in order that our natural allies may^ be convinced that ajuinst tho common enemy they may surely count upon the arms of tho Magyars. Wo must hold ourselves iu readiness, in order that tho ties of tho terrified Aus trian may not entangle our nation in the snare. We must prepare to bo in a state to seize energetically the favorable opportunity. For thcao purposes tho Governor, Louis Kossuth, abolishing every previous order, and having judged it necessary to decreo the formation of a new general committee, makes known, by the present document, to the nation, that in con sequence of that order the general committee of in dependence is constituted ; that it has for its end the realisation of the Declaration of Inde pondenco of 18-19 ; and that, full of resolution, and ready for all sacrifices, it has taken in hand the direction of affairs, uccording to tho instructions received, or to be received, from the chosen Gover nor of our country. The committee expects, from the patriotic sentiments of tho nation, that tho orders emanating from it will bo promptly executed, that its instructions will bo followed and that its mea sures will be speedily accomplished, At tho same time it calls upon tho enemies, open and concealed, of the ilag of 1819 to abstain from unyplot or intrigue if they would not incar tho penalty inflicted upon traitors. At all events, tho General Committee of Independence declares that it will know how aud that it is dcturminod to secure obedience to its orders and tho accomplishment of the measures which it must take. Long livo tho nation and good hope ! Lot every honest patriot prepare himself for action ! Our motto is ' 1849 and Victory I' Dono at Bade Pesth, tho 24th of December, 1803.' The article in the Alhanza which contains thin document is published under tho significant titlo, ' Hungary awukus.' Tho excitement produced by this un«xpected event is greater at Vienna than anywhere else. Some persons speak of proclaiming the state of singe, which would bo extended to Croatia. The 1'resse, of Vionna, speaks iu the following sombra terms of the situation of Austria : — ' There is always danger, especially in an epoch liko ours and a State like Austria. The storm threatens us from all directions. In tho East it is an insurrection, in the West a conqueror under the mask of tho lovo of peace, in the South an enemy greedy of annexations, in tho North an insolent pro nary national formont. Thus surrounded, Austria is seen, not having achieved its constitutional trans formation, agitated by internal dissensions, borne down under tbo weight of a deficit which is in course of aggravation, disturbed by the instability of its public stocks. This is neither tho time nor the placo for a Ministry to bo disunited, in a state of permanent crisis, and remaining in spite of that at tho head of affairs.' What will England do?- -So surely as tho Germans cross tho Eyder, so surely will t'lieyi array against them tho arms of England ; so certainly will they tiud tho soldiers of Franco presently moving on tho Rhine, and tho forces of Italy on the Venetian frontier. We cannot too ofton repeat tho names of Hungary aud Poland. The statesmen of Austria and Prussia treat them as if they wero mere Pepper's ghosts, instead of being earnest solid nations, eager to rise, and to fight for freedom and fall upon tho authors of this war if it is onco brought about. Wo therefore, while there is yet timo, seek moat anxiously to impress upon tho German governments tho fearful extent of the respon sibility which thoy scam so ready to assume. The peace of Europe, upon which . the pros perity and well-being of nil depend, is a sacred trust chiefly committed to the hands of the great Powers. If by them it is violated and destroyed, those who perpetrate tho crime will have to pay tbo penalty. Aggression and tyranny will bo defeated and punished, and thoso who shed blood in a wanton and unjust quarrel will find that in tho last reckoning they themselves wiilbo chief sufferers.' — The Morn ing 1'ost, January 2G. Puouahle Call upon the Volunteers for Active Service. — The threatening aspect of affairs on the Continent, the bittor and anti-English toue of the' French press, and other circumstances, combine to establish a beliof that England may bo dragged into war by tho political complications of Europe ; and this feeling gains ground duily amongst the volunteers of every grade. It is gratifying to bo able, therefore, to state with certainty that, although diminished very considerably in numbers as compared with tho corrosnondins period of 18G2, tho volunteer forces wero nevor in so efficient a conditiou as thoy are at this moment. The G overnmeut grant has not induced so many new recruits to join as was anticipated, but tho cir cumstance may be attribued to a feoling of inde pondenco. This view is established by the fact that in somo of thoso regimonts where, in consequence of tho receipt of the capitation grant, the subscrip tion from ' efficients' has been altogether abolished, there havo boon Jess new enrolments of recruits during the yeur than in thoso whero tho subscription has been maintained. Tho number of resignations also has, generally speaking, been few as compared with tho fii-3t year. No apprehensions, therefore, uaed be entertained, should the Britisli Government bo compcllod to send an army abroad, that sufficient protection would not be afforded at homo from aggression against all comers, from whatever country or whatever clime. — Tho Observer. The Turkish Government Iibb decided on found ing savings bunks at Constantinople, and in the othor principal cities of tho Ottoman empire. This institution will be established on the samo system as those in France, a coinmissiou having como to Paris to study tho question. 