e EXTRAORDINARY SCENE IN A n LONDON CHURCH. An announcement that " Brother Ignatinus," a young clergyman of the Church of England, wahoso elforts to establish a Benediotine monae tory in the east of England have met with some success, and whoso proceedings at Clay don and Norwich have recently excited con. siderable attention, was to preach in the church of St. Mary Magdalene, Munster-square, Re. gent's-park, naturally drew an overwhelming congregation on Sunday, Sept. 11, When the bell which proclaims the morning service had ceased, the first part of a singular scene pro sented itself. About 20 surpliced choristers entered and took their place in the chancel. They were followed by two priests wearing green stoles, but no university hoods. Then came the Rev. Mr. Stuart, the ineombent, habited in the cope, or full enucharistic vest. ment. The cope was richly embroidered, the ornamentation at the back forming a splendid rich yellow embroidered cross, extending from Iis shoulders nearly to his heeols. Prior to the' entrance of the procession, two huge candles, between which was a large gilt cross, on the altar were lighted. In the first place Mr. Stuart incensed the altar. A boy, serpliced and kneeling, presented what is culled a " boat," made apparently of silver, containing the incense; then the thurible, or censor, in which the incense was burned, and in which it was fumed. This thuriblo, which was pro. vided with long chains, Mr. Stuart took from the " Thurifor," or attendant, and swung it in the air, the result of whicli operation was that in a very few moments the priests and others who were officiating at the altar became en veloped in i dense white cloud, through which the eyes of the congregation could not pierce. Soon, however, it began to clear away, and the 'lighted candles on the high altar became :dimly visible. While these proceedings were going on the chboristers chanted the " Te Donm" with mnclih soleomnity. When the Gospel of (ho day'was anbodnced tho chdreh' was again in censed. 'It woul" be diffclult to say whietlher the Gosliel was read orinteibied. During the recitl' of tho'Nicene Oreed inmste of the con: gregation knelt at the '`Wrds, "'And was in carnato by tho'Holy Ghost." At the close of the ante-Comn,nnion service, Mr. Stuart stood with his back to the cross on the altar,'with his face to the congregation, and stripped him self of his ehcharistio vestment, leaving him. self hiibited in his "alb"-a long white linen garment renohing almost' to the feet,'and i. "girdle" round his waist, representing the girding of the priest's loins, in memory of our Lord's admonition to readiness. He wore also an embroidered green stole crossed over his breast. In this dress he went into the pulpit. A look of blank amazement crept over the ftees of the congregation, for many of them had come to hear Brother Ignatius, and could for one have foregone the pleasure of listening to the familiar Mr. Stuart, great as their re gard i evidently for him. The rev. gentle. man did not leave them long in suspense. After reading a list of people who lhad sent in their names as candidates for the holy state of' matrimony, he said, " Brother Ignatius tells me that he has got a sOre throat, and cannot preach here to.day. I am sorry for it, because some have come here probably for the purpose of hearing him. Before I gave you notice Inst Sunday morning that ho would preach here to-day Ireceived a distinct assurance from him that nothing should hinder him from coming here.! Perheps brother Ignatius thinks a promise is nothing; and that is my opinion about his sore throat When I asked him to preach here last summer, and engaged to give him what might be collected tor his mission,. a sum of £150 being raised, he had no sore throat; but as the offertory to-day was to be' on behalf of the church of St. Mary Magda lone,' brother Ignatius has got a sore throiat. Now as some have probably come to hear Brother Ignatius, I will wait a mihute or two, and those who like to Rlave. the church eafn go. -Those who remainI ihall, of course bo glad to see, to listen to a common' sermon." Two or three minutes elapsed; and as- no one moved ;Mr. Stuart proceeded,, takingfor ii his text tlo.first chapter of St. Paul's Epistle i, to th1e Ephesiens, verses 22 and 23.i He said there were thilngs in the-world quite as im-. portant as Brother 'Ignatius, Which existed l before;BrotheorIgnatias, and would exist after ih hiinwhother he bada sore throat or not. H Ih was goingi to. speak. that morning of,one of 1, those things, which was the Church of Christ; B At the close of 4liol;ermon Mr. Stuart went i back to the altar, where he resumed the _e eucliarishti vetment, and rocededtothe o 'administratieieqf' the 'Holy Communion,, the, .d 