LETTBBS TQ yjgE EDITQB, THE BA.IXa.RAT WEST ELECTION Ri»_\ï» i -_..._ ». . DIR,-sit ¿¿parís' opponents are dcing their bett to show that he is intellectually disqualified for the representation of Ballarat West. They cannot say a word against his princip.es, his character, posi tion, or conduct ; tu every one of these res pects they know that he is eminently suited. to do credit to the position in which bis friends desire to place him. But they are trying ta persuade the electors that he is not up to the muk in point of education and abilities. . If Mr Len* had not good natural abilities and sound practical talents, would he have achieved the position which he holds, almost at the head of the mercantile men of this community f Believe me, it would takes great deal of vaporing and word-building to nute a man from nothing to such a position. Could a roan withont good abilities have gained the unanimoDi approval of bis co-members of the Municipal Coun cil, and of the citizens of Ballarat. Could a m au cf poor abilities have distinguished himself as he hu done in connection with the Benevolent Asylum. The committee of that institution {a fair sample of the intelligence pf Ballarat) has over and over agaa testified its confidence in lus'abilities by sppoioung him president, and they are well aware that he pos sesiesinemarked degree themostvaluableinteUeirod qualities, viz., shre wdness, quickness, fairness, aaa -vigour cf mind. What is really Mr Lewis' defect 1 lt is this, Sir, only this-that he cannot get rid «I the WeHh idioms in speaking ünglish. Mr Lewis speaks quite as good Knglish as any of those who have hitherto represented Ballarat. With the excep tion of Mr Gillies, I can assure you, Sir, that nalia Mr Smith, nor Mr HatoflVay, nor Mr Cathie «pesia grammatically-very few of the members of eitlur Honse of Parliament speak perfectly good English. But does this hinder them from being intelligent sad sometimes even very clever men? , Would yon. tas* a German or. a Frenchman who did not quite oak stand the English idiom disqualified »or a seat in Parliament if. iu other respects be were highly gei lified? Believe me the Ballarat people will great mistake it they reject such a man as Mr Le*» because' his manner af speaking is provincial. 1> the ereat J. O. S. free from nrovincialism of accent and ídiotu? Are titre no gentlemen from the iud of cakes in Parliament who have weak point* ia their intellectual. armourf Is there no atrocioni Cockneyism (infinitely worse than Irish, Scotch, er ' Welsh to an educated ear) to be heard from Minn terial or Opposition benches ? Sir, tbe kind of eloquence (?) which is oSered ingtf»d of Mr Lewis' homely utterance will nerer be heard within the walls of Parliament. Does Mr Tale not know what happens to oraton « bis stamp in a deliberative assembly 7 - There üb»» multitude of .faces to stir up the stamp orstorictl instinct. There are no popular yells to keepit* Same fanned. There is a sneering and critical oppo sition to damp the ardor of the speaker. Tuere ii the secret conviction that be is a transparent fanni bug. There is the cold calm air which ia utter!}" inconsistent with the fervid utterance of higu towt ing claptrap and the fall-mouthed and etupbtùt ' enunciation of paltry platitude. ? Why did Cathie, the great orator of the Temperance fis!), ice IM» » the stump; become dumb within the walls of Parfu ment? Because be found bis level, which is PK* cuely the came that Vale will find if he ever««* there. Are the people of Ballarat aware that talking ! like Mr Vale's is never listened to.by educated mea, , -that they Hate it as they hate poison,-tbat somt ot the most distinguished ecjentific men ia EogUM who are listened to with eager attentiou by thc ar« j tocracy of rank and intellect at the meetings oftM British Association and of other learned bodies. ^£ men of Mr Lewis' stamp, who, with all their »biimf* ! and acquirements, have never been able to oww* the defects of early training. J pledge myttii th* j those who caa write and speak English io ? would vote for Mr Lewis in preference to Mr Vslfi if bis Welsh utterances were- ten times more gr» ! tesque than they are. I «ID, SíC., I ONE WHO DOSS SOT TAKE ME VALE FOE A I COLONIAL GÍADSTOSE. 2nd February. SIB,-Referring to a letter signed *A Wort«« Man and An Elector,"-(parenthetically, Sir.diitw production exhaust the brains of both tlioseio01 ! riduale!)-published in this day's Star. I begwj*K sent the fallowing queries for tbe consideration » Mr E. Lewis and his friends. Mr Le«i» dest of the Benevolent Asylum; and will he i«»*" the public why Mr Vale waa not re-elected on U* Committee oí tue Asylum, ta January, 1863Î »'*" it not, first, on account of the prominent par' Vale took in the struggle, between the honorary medical officers and the Committee, thus secar»* the determined animosity ot all tbe medical f\ fesaion? Secondly, because when a testimonial **j presented to Mr Secretary Cooper, Mr Valet«r"j¡¡ himaelf to prevent the proposed expense, and re« the funds for which they were originally cantn*0^; And, thirdly, by reason of the influence so slr» ously employed on the night of election by ow honorable member, W. C Smith, to esclo« Vale from the new Committee? Will Mr Jb-j also venture to deny that during Mr Vales P»' ol office be waa one of the most efficient of tbJ*~L1t bera, and one of the moat paternal and Itel in bis attendance, as the published rep» of the Committee will testify? Do those B*" . gentlemen, "A Working Man and An fby . the way, have they got an electors**^ .betweenthem, and do they mean, aftertberi of Punch, to practise political'economy ty sp ,, tbe vote?) Do these gentlemen happen **¿J heard that Mr Vale has been elected and ffL^ on the committee of the Ballarat Mechante»*» tute, that he ia one of tbe most WT000,,^. ^ members, that fae neut in bis reaignatioo, wu the:nrgent request of the committee, beS' "a \j> withdrew; andj lastly, that Mr Vale is np*» p boen «ince May Jeavons of the vice prèardeou institute? Again, has cot Mr Vale opon .tottf taken -.» prominent part 5° *H ï ti» mÄeäBg tbe arelfare «nd improrement » ? '? ? O ä ; . ... j- . ; %>. . , -""771 7 WOnld also rernind your two eorres .SSSittit tte «?*?*? setoppoW*á*jÉmw nan« >n cas~. to hi* charity. Some men ^«e^£wa to «ie poor If allowed to retam fire therewith to Sie the bot publier and ,bilk0gí," ° do eood by Health, and blush to find it .ottteoien ^^po^enti wish to know «fast itu tolB^i. done for toe district he aspire« to repre Mr h.« already shaded to part of whs* bebas , 101 iLt I would remind your correspondents W ÜChating done good to a district lb*1 .?" 0B|y qualification necessary, plenty. Citable cenJidstes might be easily obUined. rf ' ^Munndents farther say Mr Lewis does not Yourr«nT extraordinary fluency of speech, except J***S occasions, to wit, at the last banquet to ï'Ë&Sj;â'Henty""^ Ba£ who^wrote biibi«»f / n on lQ&t; memorable and very K . I'nccMion? Everybody is anxious to know. ,pec novf io teview also «tates that anything ftc tende M" tbe Houae wom heliateaed Mt tonk Sir, beyond tbe ghost of a doubt to; ." «Hüning tbat be gets inside the House). (d**y,^S so further than this, and under 1 *°°KL? if Mr Lewis, when in the House U, « awnming that he gets inside the House). t'ÏÂto hi. constituents of the day and V « whick he intends to storm the Assembly by hoor ^In rioauence, all Ballarat will proclaim a to Melbourne to hear him. In con boiiMy»" . vonr eorrespoudents again enter into. dCr.bio for the purposes of "prentiog their *S * 1weald in a friendly way suggest the use of M¿*£"we" instead of "I," or otherwise dis W"lUB" I«n,&c;, Wran, For »rd on lebalf of Meuts Weni, Widl, and WW, Government Eerie were of newt paper correspondence, BtUtrat Weat, Ut February. SIB,-A« thia ia a time of emergency in tue bia lory cf our adapted country, let good citizens speal ind act for tlic public good, and not study thar owi tue too mach. Acting on tbia principle, I »eal nike s lev remarks for tbe consideration of m; fellow-eltctors of Ballarat Weat. Toe importan floetlioD to be decided is a land law, tor which I am o'.hen have been working for tbe laat seven years ¿«or times have we been disappointed, principally o«r¡ng to the preponderance of the squatting inte rut. but sta) PSRT to tDe remissness or moral obli ouiiy of oar representatives in Parliament. What »re the consequences of tbia state of things? Are Iber not evident in the increase of claims on the Benevolent AcylniD, in the continued migration ol those opeiatiM-a who are able to move, in the sue cen of Colonel Pitt and bis subordinates in their (floria lo lranafer our population to New Zealand, tad io the general depression which has for some time exit ted throughout Victoria? Let us then call things by their right names. Mr Bngh Glasa is a (quitter, he thinks as a squatter, he speaks as a (quitter. Ur Cathie bas broken the pledges he nude to hil constituents. Mr J. R. Bailey deserted tu trust. Mr W. C. Smith has not kept lie promises he made in reference to the j iud la', nor those respecting the establishment ofiiilkmsDoiactory on tbe banks of the Wendou ree, Mr J. B. Humffray makes it evident that he pouenei "London assurance" when be allowa bia uime to be used at the head of a committee of dec ton of Ballarat Weat after ao miserably " skedad liog" from those of bia own constituency. Sat, Sir, I will now confine myself to the con sideration af the present contest-we have before ns i tvo candidates. Mr Lewis, in his speech, last even mg. spoke veil on the land question; but then. Sir, M did Ur W. C. Smith, and we arc compelled, on the evidence of nar senses, seeing tbe part the last mentioned gentleman takes in thia election, to repeat the old proverb, "Like master like man." Ou mother important question, namely. Protection, Mr Levis tell« ul be bas not studied it; but the last he beuJ them say was that duties should be put on things which could be produced here; but that he vas a free- trader. In reference to this I would call ttteatioB to the fact that ia sume parts of the United Stitts they are industriously making gao it for our ase and flourishing thereby whilst war is raging in their country. We have profound peace and ara io a consumption which is wasting our bones and sinews for luck of employment in manufacturing tliose very articles which they supply ns with free of doty. Sir, we have tried the party to which Mr Lewis belongs and found them duSVrs. Mr Vale promises «ell, «ad he appears to hive some of that desirable eottuBodity which tiie word cf truth (elli us is better than riches, namely, good character j I say electors, patriots, let us try uim ia hope. Ilouts, Sec., AN ELECTOR. f.S.-I fancy 1 witneas the eclat which will attend Ute introdactiou ot Slr Lewia (should be be elected) ky our Ute member to tbe great J.O.S., and after that lits taken place will any one tell me that good, kind Mr Levis »ill go for to come for to burt the ?aid great gentleman's feelings in voliog against bia tauru:? Incredible 1 Eta,-ïrom the puerile attempt of M Quiz," did I sot know otherwise, I should imagine that be bsd not capacity to Had one single point upon which to raise sa objection against thc return of Mr Lewis as GU representative; but as your correspondent is cer tainly not one of the least gifted amongst Mr Vale's supporte», your readers most perforce come to tbe cooctnsioa that in very truth w Quiz " bas nothing to allege «hy Mr Lewis should not be returned in preference to his oppoc-cnt. Not one word do we bur against the soundness of the views entertained by Mr Lewis, or of the replies given in so straight forward and ingenuous a manner to the queries pro pounded to bim, if I mistake not, by a gentleman »try near akin to " Q iii." We have, on tbè con trary, a «bole striae of set phrases a la Vale, with respect to tbe formation of a-committee with which Mr Lewis has no more to do than " Quiz " himself j and «ben a gentleman stoop« to such impotent at tempts to overturn that strong cause of right which tbe supporters ot Mr Lewis advocate, by denouncing kia committee as "political wrigglers, guilty of un blushing impudeoce and chicanery," and this without i shadow cf reason for the assertion-for forsooth if thegeotlenien "Quiz" alludes to were on Mr Lewis' Bunmitite it would reflect a degree of credit upon ' them, and they know it, which .« Quiz " , e»Mently baa no conception of. The cause of Mr Lewis, I ara very certain, so far from being injured, aa "Quiz" so timorously predicts, will, on tte contrary stand forth in the eyes of ail right minded men aa something superior and to be desired «hen compared with that of bis opponent. With ««ard to all this "mare's nest" about the Star office and W. C. Smith, Esq., I must say the remark w "Quia" only too unmistakably proclaims the meanest of actions on his part, that of the Bpy upon oiàet mena'doiDg», well koo wing that the cause he «<ipportBc*D promulgate no sound principles, he tries miwtpreaectiag (it may be unintentionally) what j16 ,ees and hears, to damage his adversary's claims j^pect, npon the principle of the Dog in the ? N February. BALLARAT. 