PRIDAY, MARCH 4Tni, 186 .' : Wi, observe,that our strictures tipon the pro. sumptuous and ridiculous pretensions in dulged in by the Richmdnd Australian, as to the personal supervision exercised. by him in h;is most ' recont tiotoeh,'' have had ii salutary .effect: ;Instead of retailing his usualinsipid unintelligible twaddle, he has again taken to quoting scnise fromu our columns; and we now offer him, in that spirit of fraternity which bdlongs peculiarly to us in conmdon, nnother copy of our jotirpl, so that his.readers.in Richmond" and those on his free list may partake of` the, full ad vantage derivable from a perusaL of our bene-, ficial instructions. 'Tis truo the malevolent disposition of the creature may attempt to distort our facts; but we think 'that as {ie furnish the correct text, his ignorant dis luisitions will neither affect the original nor confiuse those ,few, who .may have the mis fortune, to 'glance 'at his curiods holumns; We notice an improvement ia Ius style of composition, and we congratulate him. ,upon the "circumstance. What is bred in the bone is hard to take out of the flesh; and although the' Australia has no spare amount of either,, we 'shall continue to so improvingly besto6rur aoir ttention upon him as to trot himh out creditably in time. Thoe full-length.portraits of the Oaklegh. Sancho .Panza and the oRilehmond Quixote we shall endeavour-hard as the task may be.--to.pourtray in duo.'oourse; for the de lectation of the enlightened public they are ,'muttially "''engaged in serving. Our readers have no. special ..intoiest'in the eox posure at. present, but when it' does come we proiise thon.." phenomena" curiously illustrative 'of the " Anatomical "VoiuB, " Popper's. Ghost travelling from Nunawading, and the ",diagonal" propinquities' bogottep of the physic,' laiw; and . civil engineering petaningiu ..o ccrtainu' districts, iF'ormerly we were compelled to, refer to the ".Roguo's March ;!' and even th6 " Minister of Justido " will not be unwilling, when the time comiies, to provethli' eodincy of h'is '6flico in dealing .wiith tiQseo nhos.e tutdioelBays booie r'dtolont of. the Newgante .Calendar, and 'wlioso "roe vised " literary prodlotions sa?ourof a lind of well wishiig Whhic hid is itdolf in secluded i,?lad ,:aind,flrld i.,i natll?rnl eoi in! .the Rich utond "!' Flat "- orebun sa 