ANIMAL ' INTELLIGENCE. I That animals have souls which nro immortal, has been maintained by many writers long before Mr Wood had entered on his present existence. Some of the following anecdotes rcspcctiug what somo are pleased to call ' brnto beasts,' have been related to mo by friends, tho remainder are derived from my own observations. The first I shall relate was told me a few days ago by a friend and a man of probity, nnd proves that a dog may bo trained to perform acts which have very much the appearance of being tho result of rea soning, and comprehension of the meaning of what is said to him. Tho friend hi question was staying with a clorgyman, and, after tho cloth was laid, tho latter said to a pharp little terrier, who was stretched out comfortable on the rug beforo tho fire, nnd wntching with deep interest the prepara tions for diuner : ' Billy, get your tablecloth !' Tho dog ran under the sideboard, brought out a copy of the Saturday lleviem, and spread it ou tho rug. ' What, Billy, can a dog of your sensibility cat a dinner off a paper which advocates prize fights ; and, perhaps, may encourago next a return to tho practice of canine encounters ?' If ever a dog protested against 1111 imputation, that dog was Billy. He barked furiously, and seizing tho paper in his teeth, he worried it as though lie held an un usually strong rat in his mouth. When ho had satisfied himself with Ibis amusement, ho shot under the sideboard agam, and brought out n copy o£ tho Time s, which lie held up to his master with nn inquiring look, that roomed to ask: Is there any objection to this ? His master shook his howl, and said, ' I am afraid its opinion on the subject of church-rntcs is not qnito what it should be.' The dog seemed troubled by some misgiving as to whether it was, under these circumstanses, a suitable tablecloth for a clergyman's dog ; but, finding his master mado 110 further remark, he pro ceeded to open it with great care and delibera tion. As soon as tho mutton was placed on tho tablo, a couple of slices wore cut off and put on a plate, and laid on tho tablccloth he bad spread out. With an eager appetite Billy was about to begin his dinner, when his master said, ' Ah, Billy, Billy, isn't it a Bod tiling to find the woman who cooked this dinner is a Roman Catholic !' Without a groan or a whine tho dog turned away from tho food and retired.to tlio furthest corner of tho room, where he lay down with an air of resignation whicb a human being might havo copied with advantage. After a minute or two, his master said, ' Billy, I find I was mistaken about tho cook. Sho is as good a Protestaut as over attended a May meeting.' Tho joy of the dog at this intimation wa3 expressed in tho most emphatic manner, and the eagerness with which he aitnekcd the mutton was the strongest pos siblo proof of the greatness of his previous self restraint. Some years ago I was living in Hamp shire, on the borders of the Now Forest. Suddenly, tho shopkeepers in tho neighboring towns becaino aware that a good deal of counterfeit coin was iu cir culation among them, though they could givo no hint whero it came from. At hist, a man, having tho appearance of a small farmer, was detectod in tho act of trying to pass a bad half-crown. He was detained, and tho constable was sent for, who, on his refusing to give his name mid address, locked him up. Next day a man arrived from London, bring ing with him a placard, issued by the Government, stating that a gang of coiners had established them selves in tho neighborhood of the Now Forest, and offoring a rowaril of £100 for their discovery and apprehension. Tho man in custody wa3 induced by judicious manipulation to givo information of tho spot whero his accomplices wero concealed, aud to serve ns 11 guido to the constables. On getting within two or throe hundred yards of tho place whero ho said thoy wore at work, ho refused to go any far thor ; nnd as they were too few in uumbor to spare a man to look after him, . and any noise would pro bably disturb tho gang, they did not try to forco him, but relied on tho reward being a sufficient guarantee of liis' good' fiiithi Tho constables went cautiously forward ; bit 'when thoy arrived at tho spot indicated, they could find no sign of an en trance to a cave such as hail been described. In vain they searched, and equally in vain they sought for the coiner who bad led them there ; he had dis appeared, and they naturally concluded he had de ceived them.' This,' however, ' was not the ease. Threo days afterwards, a boy who was looking after a herd of pigs, noticed them clustering about somo object. Ho ran . to , aeo , what it was, and found it was tlie body of a man which tho pigs had not darod to touch from fear of a nearly starved mongrel that lay with ' his paws across the chest of tho corpse. The body was identified as that of tho coiner, and tho torriblo condition it was in proved very clearly at whoso hands it had suffevod. A por tion of the dress had been filled with red-hot coals ; the head boro traces of having been tbrnst into tho firo ; in a word, a glance wns sufficient to show that tho wretched innn had been subjected to the most cruel tortures. Several laborers and a con stable wero brought to tho placo, and, as soon as they had recovered from tho feeling of horror tho spectacle awakened, thoy took notice of the peculiar aciiohs of tho dog. Ho ran from ono mau to an other, catohing hold of his trousers or smock-frock, and trying to drag him in a particular direction. Neither kicks nor blows deterred the poor nnimnl, and at last it occurred to ouo man, a littlo brighter than tho reBt, that tho dog wished to lead them iu pursuit of tlio murderers. Acting on this idea, they followed the dog along a path through the wood till he brought them to tho vory placo which, the constable remembered, tho dead coiner had pointed out as tho spot where tho cave existed in which ho and his uccompliccs carried on their operations. Tho dog rr.n to a bush, nnd begnn tugging nt it with nil his might. One of tlio men took hold of it to nssist him, when it came away, and disclosed a hole four or five feet deep, which ran in a slanting direction. Tho dog then began in tho samo expressivo manner to call their attention to a thicket of underwood and ferns, a few feet from this entrance, too dense to bo penetrated before a way had been cut with tho axes of the woodmen present; but thin having boen done, a shaft, nearly a yard in diameter, was discovered. Shouts to those within to como forth received no reply, and thoso without had too vivid a recollection of what they had seen Hliortly beforo to descend into the cave. In this difficulty, somebody suggested it would be a good plan to set firo to tho dry ferns and underwood, aud tnrow it down tho shaft. All this time the dog had shown a most intelligent intorest in what was being done, and when he saw the flaming mass thrust down the hole, I10 stretchod liimsolf close beside it, regard less of tho burning sparks which fell on him, and watched the men heap on tho fuel with an expression of the most eager interest. No cry or sound was heard to issue from the enve, but when a man look a powder-flask from a boy employed in keeping the birds from a field closo by, and threw it down the shaft among tho burning embers, cries of agony followed the explosion. The dog, on hearing these, rose, walked deliberately to tho hole, and looked down, wagging liis tail all tho time, as though he perfectly understood nnd rejoice! in what had happened. Then turning away, he trotted hack with drooping bead and a most dejected appetir anco to tho dead body of his master. A most ingenious method of poaching without risk was carried on by a poacher, through the agency of his dojj, for a long time beforo it was discovered. Tho animal was a rather under-sized spaniel, and was trained by his master to sot an iron trap, or gin, as it is sometimes called, by the pressure of its foot. Whon this trap had beon placed in a part of tho ?'run,' where the gamekeoper was not likely to perceive it, by the poacher, tho dog carefully noted the spot ; and at dawn every morning, just wlion the night-watchers were on their way homo, and before tho head-keeper had come oiit for his morning walk, ho visited each trap in succession, taking out tho game whero there was any in a way that effectually prevented its making further noise. The act of releasing the captive pheasant or hare, set tlio trap afresh, and at dusk he made a similar round, though he seldom brought anything home on these occasions. Tho manner in which tho discovery was made of this system of poaching by deputy, was through tho habit of early rising practiced by a Captain Palmer, who lived on the outskirts of one of the woods visited by the spaniel. Walking through some low furze bushes, his attention was attracted to a hare by its cries ; it was evidently caught in a gin, or wns nt taoliod by a weasel, or stoat, or some other animal of that species. He wns pushing his way between the bushes in tho direction wheuco tho sounds issued, and had just cuught sight of a bare, when a spaniel rushed in upon it from another direction, seized it by tho back of tho neck, and puttiug liis paw on the spring of tho trap, released the liaro, and started off with it at n rate which mado pursuit hopelcSB. The wholo thing wns over iu an instant. Tho captain was bo struck with the proceeding, that instead of telling tho keeper, nnd probably causing the dog to bo shot, he contented himself with carrying away tho gin and making inquiries as to tho owner of the spaniel. Having discovered it belonged to a man who supplied liim with fish and many kinds of vegetables beforo they could bo got from his own garden, ho induced him to acknowledge the fact that the dog was in tho habit ol visiting the traps in the way described, and in obtaining a promise from him that ho would discontinue the practice, on condition that I10, the captain, did not inform against his dog, which would' soon have insured its death. Whether tho dog re frained from his evil courses in future, or merely pursued them in another direction, is best known to his master. Tho instances of canine sagacity given: above, though now, are by no means so wonderful a3 many that havo been elsewhere recorded. Thee following case of tho influence of supernatural teiTor apon a Newfoundland dog is of quite recent occurrence, and came out in tho courso of a trial at * Thames Police Court of a steward for neglecting his duty. The man went on very well for a timo after he came on board ; but suddenly disappeared, and it was supposed he had jumped overboard. This wns not so, however ; ho had merely concealed himself,, and camo out nt night to get provisions. On one of thoso excursions, tho dog caught sight of him,, aud tho instant it did so, it dashed up on deck, rushed to tho sido aud sprang into tho uea, evidently believing it had seen the steward's ghost. Anec dotes respecting foxes are universally interesting there is so much sngacity in their operations, that tho very fact of their being huntod should bo a. stronger claim on our sympathy. Ono pack of hounds had repeatedly dislodged a fox from a wood,, and just as frequently lost him in o particular meadow. Sometimes tho scent suddenly failed in' one part of the meadow, sometimes in another, but' wherover it happened, there was no trace of any holo or placo where he could conceal himself. So deter mined were tho huntsmen to catch tho animal iluvS had so often foiled them, that meet after meet iras fixed at the same spot, aniUhe bame wood drawn ; tho fox always going away at tho first sound of tho hounds among tho underwood, aud thus getting a good start, and invariably taking the direction of this maadovr till at last the farmer, to whom the cows feeding in it. belonged, complained of their being injured by these- ' frequent alarms. The secret was at last discovered . by a boy, who hail been sent by (ho farmer to drive tho cows into a corner of the meadow when he saw the ' field' coming. He saw tho fox como through tho hedge into the meadow, check his speed, look about him , and then rush towards a rod cow and spring . 011 its back, holding on so tightly with mouth anil legs that tho rushing hither andtliithorof tho fright ened animal did not skake him off. Similarly, another fox disappeared several times iu succession in a rather deep brook, and every effort to get on the scent again was unavailing. It was at last found that ho swam to a holo cut through the bank on which tlie hodgo grew, and backed into it ; and hero ho remained, with his noso just above water, till the hounds had been token, away to try their luck at another cover. Another, fiuding itself in imminent danger oi being taken,, scrambled into a carriago in which two ladies were seated watching tho running of the horses and hounds. As tho ' field ' was coming straight down upon them, the coachman drovo on a littlo distance from fear that his horses would bo frightened by the rod coats and the noiso. As soon as the vehicle was stopped, the fox, ns if nwaro that it was not a safe refuge for him any longer, sprang out, and ran info a copso bo dense that the hounds could only force their way through it with difficulty, and probably emerged from it on tho opposite sido, and made his escape across the country, for tho scent was not re covered. Another fox, when hard pressed, managed to squeeze through a tall, quickset hedge, into n garden belonging to an old lady, whero tho hounds could not follow, and hid itself in the conserva tory. As the lady refused to allow the animal to be taken out, tho ' field ' were obliged to botake thomsolves elsowlioro, very much to thoir disgust. Two moro anecdotes, taken from foreign sources, and I.sliall conclude what 1 have to say ou the subject of animal intelligence on tho present occasion. I11 Le Nord, it is related that a cook was recently greatly perplexed by the disappearance, (lay aftor day, of u cutlet or a steak from the kitchen table,, when sho was preparing tho dinner. In each day's talo there was a deficiency of ono. At last it oc curred to her that, as tho bell was rung every day whilo she was preparing dinner, and whon she went to tho door there was nobody there, there, must be some connoction between tho two occur rences. Once this idea had entered her mind,, sho determined to satisfy herself on tho point. The bell rang at the usual time, but instead of answering it, she hid herself in a cupboard. She had hardly done so before a cat rushed into the . kitchen, sprang on the table, seized a cutlot in its mouth and vanished. Her mistress was made acquainted with this felonious net on tho part of the animal, and it was determined to set n watch to see who it was had trained it to this mode of robbery. Tho discovery was soon made. At the usual time,, when the cook had her dishes arrangod for the stove,, tho concealed watcher saw the cat creep stealthily towards the bell wire, hook hor claws in it, give it a furious pull, and then rush away kitchenwards. The Patrie is tho authority for the following: — At ono of the cafes on tho boulevards they had a dog which was a universal favorito. Ho was accustomed to fetch and carry, and one of his duties was to go with a basket to the baker's shop every morning for the. rolls. Ono morning tho mistress of the cafe found that a roll was wanting. Tho samo thing occurred tho next morning, nnd the nttontion of the baker was called to the error. As tho deficiency continued,, the baker unhesitatiugly asserted that it must bo the dogthat stole it. A waiter was sent to follow the dog from the shop home, but thelattor, instead of return ing direct, took his way down a by-street, and en tered a passage leading to a stable. Here he placed his basket 011 tho ground, drow the cloth aside, and talcing out a roll, I10 approached a closed kennel,, from which tho nose of another dog was protruding. His imprisoned friend took tho roll 111 a quiet, unde monstrative way, as though it wore a thing to which sho was accustomed, and tho dog picked up liis buskely and trotted home. Tho waiter made somo inquiries, of the porter, and learned that tlio animal for who3e sake tho dog had committed petty larceny, had had maternal duties to perform towards three pnps from the day when the first roll was missing. Tho land lady was so much inferested in tho matter that she would not, allow tho dog to bo interfered with, and be continued to abstract tho roll daily till his friend was in a condition to do without it, when ho resumed his former probity. — J?hamliers's Journal. A Monsteii Pumpkin. — There is to bo seen, at the present timo, in Mr Dunn's garden, close to the. Amherst Cemetery, a pumpkin, which, for size,, weight and rapidity of growth, haB no equal in this quarter, Six weeks ago the plant burst iuto blos som, and on last Monday it measured six feot in cir cuuiferonce, aud weighed exactly 120 lb 1 —M. and 1). Advertiser. Negro Sermon. — 'There are,' said a sable orator,, addressing his brethren, ' two roads fro dis world — the ouo am broad and narrow road, thnt leads to perdition ; and the oder a narrow and a broad road that leads to destruction.' ' What i' dat ?' said one hearer, ' say it again.' ' I say, my brethren, thero are two roads tro dis world — the ouo am ft broad and a narrow road, that leads to pordition ; tho oder a narrow and broad road, that leads to de struction.' ' If dat am do caso,' said his sable questioner, ' dis elluded individual takes to do woods 1 ' The Latest Parisian Whim. — Tho last whim of the boau mondo nt Paris is a bouquet of flowers from the garden of M. Alphouso ICarr, at Nice. M.. Alphonse Karr is 0110 of tho most delightful of modern Frenoh writers, nnd his Tour autour de Mori Jardin would bo alone sufficient to place him in the front rauk of literary men. He ia celebrated for his attachment to flowers, and has attained n high proficiency in their 'production. You uenij liim ail order by post — not forgetting to enclose twenty franca — and in forty-eight hours nn exquisito bouquet, arrives, sealed up and protocted from tho possibility of injury. Tho charming litterateur will even attend to au order by telegram, but iu cases only, wo presume, in which ho is suro of his twenty francs. Cotton from the West Indies. — West Indian landowners may be congratulated on somo good; nows, via Mr Barnes, M.P. Tho landowners have a property aftor all. In most parts of the world the rule is to find men without land, but in our Atlantic archipelago the rule is to find laud with, practically, . no owners. Ever sinco tho exertions of Clarkson and Wilberforce western insular property lins been turnod to littlo account, the theory being that black labor was indispensable, and that the black race would not work without Mr Legree. Henco Mr Carlyle's ideas about ' Quasheo and his inexhaustible ? pumpkin,' some fourteen or fifteen years sinco. But Mr Barnes says that he can get any amount of black labor by tlio simple process of paying for it, . and that ho is raising much cotton. Ho affirms that even the fair sex, as colored ladies must still be called, are bo fond of money that thoy will work to ? any extent in order to procuro a different silk gown for every day in the week. Now, although Puritans ? and economists can scarcely counsel such extra vagance, it must at least be admitted better than ? tho simplo costumo which distinguishes the country- - women of these ladies in their native land. If cotton will grow in these regions, thon West Indian proprietors must bo congratulated. If tho American war lasts much longer thoro will surely bo cotton all: over tho world, just ns thero is wool all over a. sheep's back. — Illustrated London News. 