TOPICS OF THE DAY. The conversazione of the Adelaide Philosophical Society was held at the Institute on Tuesday evening. His Excellency the Governor took the chair at half- <*> past 7 o'clock and the business of the monthly meet- ing of tbe Society was first transacted. Messrs. W. Cavanagh, M.P., and C. S. Hare were duly elected members. The Chief Justice then rose, and, in the name of tbe Society, presented to Mr. J. Howard Clark an excellent photographic apparatus as a mark of the high sense entertained of the past services rendered by him to the advancement of the Society. Mr. Clark expressed his gratification in appropriate terms, and an interval of half an hour was then spent by the ladies and gentlemen present in examining the microscopes and works of art lent for the occasion. There was an abundance to instruct and amuse, for not only was the Museum of the Institute and the School of Design open, but 16 different microscopes were on the tables, and the interval allowed was not nearly enough to examine half of the beautiful and interesting objects accompanying the instruments. His Excellency having resumed the chair, the Rev. S. Maughan read a brief paper on the " Utility of the Microscope." He referred to the immense use of optics, so far beyond what was contemplated by the founders of the science, and then spoke of the different and great values of the telescope and microscope, the latter of which, from a mere scientific toy, has become of vast importance to the advancement of knowledge, by its discoveries among the minutest organisms. The anatomist and physiologist are alike indebted to the microscope, by which every part of the body has been examined, and great alterations made in our knowledge of vital action. Thus it has been found that each part of the animal organism has a separate life in itself. To geological science also the microscope has been of service in investigating the relics of the past, and ex hibiting the true origin of some of tbe fossils. As an ally of chemistry, it has opened up fresh fields of investigation. And it has also been of use to the detective police by the exhibition of era sures, and the use of different inks in suspicions documents. The rev. geutleman here related the well-known case of the bullion robbery on the South western Bailway, in which the thief was detected by a microscopic examination of the quality of the sand with which he had filled one of the bullion boxes, the result being the discovery of the locality where the robbery had been committed, and the con sequent apprehension at that place of the thief. Lastly, he epoke of the adulteration of food and medicine, and eaid that we were indebted to Dr. Hassell for his discoveries on this subject. He said the value of the microscope had been greatly en hanced by the discovery of the Ibwb of polarization of light, which disclosed to us the hitherto unknown and exquisite organization of bodies, sad concluded by saying that we were only on the threshold of scien tific discoveries, bo that there was infinitely more unknown than what was known, and only an eternity could suffice for us to know ourselves and the world in which we live. Mr. C. Todd moved a vote of dunks to the Rev. Mr. Maughan. His own experi ence bad been more amount telescopes than micro scopes, and he bad derived much pleasure from the rev. gentleman's lecture. Mr. Hosking seconded, and the vote was carried by acclamation. The Rev. Mr. Maughan returned thanks. He said that the limits allowed him, and the short time he had had to pre pare his paper, had prevented him from making it more interesting. The Secretary then explained that the Rev. J. B. Anatin, of Macclesfield, had written to him, stating that he could not be present that evening, owing to the death of a dear friend. The Chief Justice moved a vote of thanks to His Excel lency for presiding, which was carried by acclamation. His Excellency, in acknowledging the vote, said that nothing gave him greater pleasure than to attend meetings of that nature, which he hoped would be come more frequent. The business of the evening was thus concluded, but the ladies and gentlemen present spent some time longer in 4?T?mining the microscopes. The annual tea and public meeting of the Baptist chapel, Lefevre-terrace, North Adelaide, was held last evening. M. B. A. Tarlton presided over the publio meeting, and introduced Mr. C. H. Goode to the meeting. That gentleman then delivered a very pleasant conversational lecture, descriptive of his re collections of a visit he paid to Italy, in company with the Rev. W. Landels, in the year 1862. On the motion of the Rev. J. Gardner, seconded by the Rev. J. Jefferis, a cordial vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Goode. Mr. E. S. Wigg then, on behalf of several members of the church and congregation, pre sented Miss Stonehonse (daughter of the pastor), with a purse, containing a snm of money (unmen tioned), in recognition of her valuable services as player of the harmoninm, and as an expression of the respect and entertained towards her. The Rev. G. Stonehonse having replied to the gift, votes j of thanks were accorded to the ladies and to the Chairman, after which the meeting closed. The pro ceeds of the services amounted to over £20. We publish fuller particulars in another column. The seventh anniversary of the Bible Christian Chapel, Young-street, has just been celebrated. On Sunday last sermons were preached in the morning, afternoon, and evening, by the Revs. Messrs. J. Rock, J. Lyall, and J. Way respectively. On Monday a tea meeting, pretty well attended, was held, after which a public meeting took place, presided over by Mr. J. Pellew. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. Messrs. Lee, Rock, Way, and Maughan ; and an interesting dialogue was recited by six young lads. The total proceeds of the services realised £13. On Tuesday die children connected with the school were treated to their annual festival. They started from town at a suitable hour in the morning for Mitcham, where the day was spent in a pleasur able way. They returned to the schoolroom about S o'clock, and partook of tea, after which they pro ceeded home. The school now numbers 128 scholars, and there is a library connected with it of about 300 volumes. On Monday evening, March 21, a lecture was delivered before the members of the Norwood Young Men's Association in Bennett's Schoolroom, Syden bam-rosd, by the Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, on "Natural Magic" The President (Mr. R. Wells) occupied the chair. The room was completely crowded, including a large number of ladies. The rev. lecturer introduced bis subject by alluding to the study of natural magic in ancient times, when its students exerted their superior knowledge in striking superstitious dread into the minds of the less enlightened. He spoke of the muffled thunder pro duced in some of the heathen temples; of the fountain which was reported to have sent forth wine seven days in the year and water during the remaining days; and to other apparently surprising effects traceable to an acquaintance with some of the laws of acoustics, hydrostatics, and mechanics. Passing on, he con cisely described the eye, referring especially to the insensibility of that part of the retina situated at the base of the optic nerve, which he illustrated by experiments. Among other interesting facts asso ciated with this subject, he showed that the nerve could not simultaneously act as a channel to convey impressions from the brain to the eye and vice versa. A g?'nj adverting to the subject of ghosts and spectres, he remarked that the larger number of such apparitions could be explained by natural cause*, such as a peculiar condition of the mind, disease, spectral illusion, &&, and gave an instance from "Brewster'e Natural Magic," in which a woman was constantly being visited by apparitions on which she was in the habit of experimenting in order to prove their immaterial character. He next, by means of the thaumatrope, demonstrated how the image of an object was retained on the retina for a short interval, and then by a series of interesting ex periments showed what strange results could be pro duced from simple causes. Mr. 3. Z. Sellar moved a vote of thanks to the reverend gentleman for the highly instructive and interesting lecture he had given them. Mr. John Wells in a few appropriate re marks seconded the proposition, which was carried with acclamation, and the company dispersed. The long projected bazaar in aid of the reduction of the debt on the Temperance Hall, North Ade laide, was commenced yesterday in the building. The stalls were presided over by the following ladies :—Stall No. 1, Mrs. Biekle and Miss Eaikes; No. 2, Mrs. Nelson; No. 3, Mrs. Hill; No. 4, Miss Jessie Cole; No. 5, Mrs. G. Newman. Re freshment stall, Mrs. Sweetzer. There was a large variety of goods of a very useful character, as also a considerable quantity of fancy work. The attend ance in the daytime was not very large, but in the evening an improvement took place, and a brisk trade was transacted. The pealing of the bells by Mr. Perryman, and some other musio, formed an attraction and caused much enjoyment. The gross proceeds of the day amounted to £47 2s. 6A. A fresh lot of goods will, we understand, be unpaoked for sale to-day. The annual District Committee of the South Aus tralian District of the Independent Order of Rechabites was held at the Temperance Hotel, Hindley- street, on Monday, Match 2L D.C.E. Gould presided, and there were present, D.D.B. Holland, D.T. Rhodes, D.S. Adcock, and the follow ing Delegates:—Southern Star, P.D.C.R. Broad, and P.C.R. Maley; Northern Star, P.C.8,. Cleve,- Star of Freedom, C.R. Edwards; Rising Star, O.E. Ellis; Morning Star, C.R. Hill; Salem Tent P.D.C.R.CoIe, M.P.; Star of Hope, P.C.R. Radford; Zion Tent, D.R. Dale; Mount Barker, P.C.R. Hannaford. Before the business was proceeded with the D.C.R. presented a handsome sash to P.D.C.R. Broad—a present which had been voted to him at the last annual meeting, in recognition of his services. P.D.C.R. Broad returned thanks. The Balance sheet and Auditors' report were read. After a great deal of discussion they were passed, and ordered to be printed. The draft of the annual report of the District Officers was read, from which it appeared that the progress of the Order during the year had been highly satisfactory. There have been four Tents opened, namely, one at Mount Barker, one at Bel videre, one at Mount Gambier, and one at Callington. An application to open a Tent at Clare has been re ceived, for which a dispensation will be granted im mediately, and there are three others in course of signature—at North Adelaide, Kadina, and the Sturt. One juvenile Tent has been opened at Port Elliot during the year. There have been initiated 76 members; run out, 14; leaving an increase of 62 members good, including hon. members, 239; total number of members on the books, 247; In crease of Tent Funds, £74 2s. 7d.; General Funeral Fund, £98 ss. 9d.; Juvenile Funds, £15. Total in crease of funds, £187 Bs. 4d., or at the rate of 15s. 3d. per member. A variety of business con nected with the various Tents was then gone into. The delegate of the Northern Star Tent gave in a claim for the funeral pay of a late brother of that Tent, who had died in Bombay ; but as it appeared that there was a doubt as to its being the legal chum, it was held over for a further application. The election of officers was next proceeded with; D.D.R. Holland was elected D.C.R., and D.T. Rhodes was elected D.D.E. At the close of this election P.C.R. Cleve, the delegate of the Northern Star, stated that it would be the cause of great dissatisfaction in his Tent, as the district was already composed of so large a majority of Southern Star members. The D.D.R. elect said, after the above remarks, he should not foelitrightto retain his seat, and therefore resigned; his resignation was accepted, and P.C.R. Cleve was elected in his place; D.D.R.P.D.C.R. Gould was elected D.T., and D.S. Adcock was re-elected to the office of Secretory; C.R. Ellis and P.D.T. Rhodes were appointed auditors. It was resolved, on the motion of a delegate of the Southern Star Tent, that the general laws having become rather compli cated from frequent alterations, they be referred to a Committee for consolidation and amendment, and to report to the adjourned annual meeting. The levies were fixed for the ensuing quarter, and the meeting adjourned. There were nine applications made on Tuesday for land, and 18 sections taken up, the sum paid into the Bank being £360. The result of the operations up to the present date stand as follows: We extract the following piece of intelligence fr?m the Lord Bishop'a notes of his missionary visit to Wallaroo, as published in the Church Chronicle : — On Monday, the 14th ingt., the Bishop met several members of the congregations et 5 p.m., at Wallaroo and at Bin Kadina. The result was satisfactory; it was agreed to ruse £125 from eaob church towards stipend, leaving fees and Synodal aid to meet house rent until a parsonage can be built. Mr. Shepherd son liberally offered as a site part of one of the best allotments in the township, valued at £80 or £100, which was gratefully accepted. The same evening, at K'adinaj a letter was received from Mr. Boor, the dis coverer of the Wallaroo Mine, offering to pay off the debt of the Kadina Church (about £200) from the first dividend received by him on bis shares, as a thank-offering to God. He also, as well as Mr. McKay, promised support to a minister to the amount of £20 each. The spirit thus evinced by members of both congregations, together with the excellent choirs in each church, has made the visit to Wallaroo and Kndina unusually encouraging. The Rev. Canon Marryat has paid a missionary tour to the southern districts, and in the course of bis notes, as published in the Church Chronicle, he says:—" On turning to the report of Synod for 1863, I see that the building at Normanville is called St. James's Church. This is evidently a mistake, as it is not vested in trustees, and is etaU held as private property by the gentleman who built it. I think it right to call attention to this fact, because it is one of principle. If gentlemen build private rooms, which they can sell and mortgage and do with as they like, they ought not to bo regarded as building churches. Such a building may be built for mere self-conve nience, or even as a speculation, to give importance to a village. But whatever the motive is, this plan of building private rooms is evidently one not to be encouraged by the church at large. Here and there it may be a convenience to a village, but otherwise it may do more harm than good. The builder may put it up in a spot most convenient to himself or his property, and make it an excuse for not helping his poorer neighbours to build a church which would suit them. Added to this there is the uncertainty of the tenure. The owner may be well- disposed, bat the congregation cannot get over the feeling that, for all they know, the building may be mortgaged, and next week may see it turned into a barn, or stable, or a dancing room. Besides, it destroys all interest in the church. Who will spend a penny on what is not their own ? or care to support a minister who may be turned out of the building at a moment's notice by one over whom they have no control ? If any one pute np a building, pays for the minister, and keeps the building in repair, he may be the means of doing good; or even if he leases the building to the con gregation, then the congregation know at least what they are doing, but otherwise I fear that more barm than good may be done. And I am quite sure that the church at large should not give her sanction by calling such places churches. Let them be classed as licensed buildings." An accident occurred on Monday evening on the Bay-road, which has caused the death of a very valuable horse, belonging to Mr. William Fisher. Mr. Fisher was driving the Hon. J. Morphett from his residence at Cummins, and on turning into the road near the Morphett Arms the horse ehied at something and commenced kicking very violently. The animal did great damage to the buggy to which he was attached, and eo injured itself that it had to be shot on the following day (Tuesday). Its value was, we are told, estimated at £60. In the Supreme Court on Tuesday, in the ca?e of Boordv. Yule, a verdict was given for the plaintiff. Damages, £39, with costs. In the case of the New Cornwall Mining Company v. Darwent, a verdict was given for the plaintiffs for the amount claimed. There being no other case before the Jury they were dis charged. During the day Mr. Inglehy made a special application for a certiorari, Douglas v. Grindle, which was granted. The following is a list of the shippers of horses per Utopia for Madras:—P. E. Hunt, 3 5 J. Frame, 1- Allan Bell, 4; T. Hamlyn, 1; T. W.Moran, 8- HL. Scott, 3; J. Harvey, 2; A. Ferguson, 8; G. Bennett. 8; J. Gilbert, 1; G. Alston, 12; J. Crimp, 2- J Knowles, 2; James Brown, 25; Hatchinson, 28- J. Crane, 5 5 Dr. Fisher, 3. The two lote shipped by Mr. Brown and Mr. ffatehinson are unbroken horses from the South-Eastern District. Tenders for the following works have been received at the Colonial Architect and Engineer's Office : For repairs and painting at the Houses of Parlia ment, Hall & Co., £77 10s. (accepted) ; J. P. Soar, £113 j Hagedora & Applin, £120 ; B.ae & Chew, £150. For painting Post Office and Local Court Office, &c;, B. Dodgson, £78 (accepted); H. &F.; Morey, £79 103.; F. Hagedora, £95; Rae & Chew, £165 10s.; G. Bobins & Co., £175. We see by advertisement in another column that the North Adelaide Congregational Chapel will be reopened on the 2Lst April, A Japan paper of a late date bbvb —" The United States frigate Jamestown left here this morning under special orders. Of course the surmise is that she will keep a look-out for the Alabama." The Bombay Gazette, of the 13th February, speak ing of the Persian Gulf Telegraph, says:—The most important event of the fortnight is the successful completion of one principal portion of tile great en terprise for connecting England and India by the tele graphic wire. By noon on Tuesday, the 9th instant, 359 miles of the Persian Gulf cable, forming the first section from Gwadur to Cape Mussendom on the Arabian coast, had been laid from the ships Virbh? m and Marion Moore, and at 3 o'clock in the afternoon of the same day a telegram, dated Malcolm's Inlet, Cape Mussendom, and Bent through the cable to Gwadur, and thence to Kurrachee, reached Bombay, and made known the gratifying news that thus far nothing could have been more successful. The cable is reported to be in perfect working order. The Tweed, which is the third of the cable ships, has arrived here, and is only waiting for the Feroze, now overdue, to be towed up the Gulf, when the laying of the second section, from Cape Mnssendom to Boshire, will be at once commenced. The Assaye, with the third section on board, left England nearly four months ago, and anchored in our port yesterday; and the probabilities are that by the end of March the whole length of the cable will have been submerged, and that Bombay will be in direct telegraphic com munication with Bussora. Eecent letters from Bagdad, however, make us anxious for the safety of the short land line from Bussora to that city, the Arabs having already, as we learn, broken the wires and ill- treated the workmen engaged in the con struction of the line. Another difficulty likely to make itself felt when the cable has been laid down is the inefficiency of the present telegraph from Kurra chee to Bombay. It will be most vexatious if, after eo many more serious obstacles have been successfully overcome, telegraphic communication with England is interrupted precisely where it ought to be most safe and regular. The Arabs between Bagdad and Bussora may be quieted partly by threats and partly by bribery, but the Indian telegraph department can neither be frightened nor coaxed into doing its work properly, and the sole remedy is for an independent English company to make a line of its own between Bombay and Kurrachee. The Java Times, of January 14, girea the follow ing account of an eruption of the Merapi and Kloet, two volcanoes on the island:—"The sty was so darkened by the ashes (ailing that from daylight to 8 o'clock the lamps in the houses were obliged to be kept burning, though the sun could be seen through the fall of ashes,which was coming down thickly when the telegram was sent, and seemed to become heavier. At Magelang, trees and houses looked as if it had snowed. The reporta which preceded this fall of ashes shook the windows and doors of the houses. Advices from Bihar report two villages in the district of Srengat, containing 373 souls, as having been de stroyed by the burning mud and sand. How many have lost their lives is not known, as only sixteen of the inhabitants had been met with as yet, and nothing had been heard of the others. At Solo the fall of ashes lasted till the afternoon, of the 4th; the ground was covered with a layer of ashes four Netherlands inches deep. There, as well as at Magelang, streaks of light like rockets were observed in an easterly direction." We have been requested to call attention to the announcement in our advertising columns of the meiss Swimming Matches, to come off at the Bay on Good Friday. It will be seen from an announcement in our ad vertising columns that the duty of provisioning the Foresters'picnic on Easter Monday is entrusted to Host Worsnop, of the Globe, who has advertised his tariff of charges. A match between the Hindmarsh and West Ade laide Cricket Clubs was played on Monday on the West Park Lands. As will be 6cen from the score, the Hindmarsh men won easy in a single innings. Date. March 1. ?. 2. " 3. " 4. ** S. •' 7. ** 8. " 9. •' 10. " 1L ? I2- ** 16. ?• 16. " 17. *' in. " 19 " 21 •• 22 Applicatii 237 36 10 8 3 10 10 2 3 3 2 E 3 1 2 4 y 2 9 35J ions. Deposits. £7.1G0 720 200 189 120 200 240 40 60 80 CO 120 60 20 40 80 140 40 360 £9,920 Acres. 57,280 6,760 1.600 M40 9 SO 1,600 1,920 320 480 640 480 960 480 160 320 €10 1,120 320 2,880 79,360 West Adelaide. First Innings. Second Innings. W. Hillier. b. Leaney 0 c. Leaney ._ .„ 5 K. Leaver. b. Leaney — .- 5 b. Jones ._ ._ ? C. Tompkins. c Uunwick ... 13 b. llonwick .„ 9 J. ChittleborooKb. c. Lowe ... 8 notont ... _ 8 D. Bebee. at. Staecy 0 b. Taylor ._ ... o W. Botten, b. Leaney 2 b. Honwick _ 1 L. Gnyson, b. Jones ... ...4 b. Taylor ... _. o E. Pinkstone, run out ... .-. 9 b. Leaney ~. ... 3 H. Roberts, c. Jones — ... 0 ran oat ~ .- 0 W. Tharlow, b. Leaner ? ... 0 b. Hunwick ... 11 H. Clift, not out — e b. and c Leancy... 2 Byes — ... 4 No balls — 1 Total ?. 51 ? HrvDMABsn. First Innings. W. Johns, not ont — — - 41 W. Taylor, b. liooerts ~ - 6 C. Hunwick. b. Roberts s \V. Lowe, b. Roberts._ ._ — — •- * W. Leaney, b. Robert* 2* G. Jones, b. Eoberta .~ ... .- — ••• 0 G. Stacey. l.b.w. - - 0 W. Beale, run out ._ _ — — I P. King. b. Leaver ... - — 10 W. Bose. c. linkstone — --- 8 G. EoseeJl. c. Packer ... •- — •- — 8 Byes _ ... - - - - 11 Wide* ... ... - — - .? 3 Legoye __i Total - ~ ?. 12? 