THE WEEKS NEWS. The English Mail.—The December English j mail was due on Thursday at Kin; George's j Sound, and may therefore be expected here on Alonday next. Mr. Toruens.—We understand that a meeting of the friends of Afr. B, B. Torreus will be held at an early date to devise some means for the recog nition of the gieat public services which that gen tleman has rendered to this colony. Acclimatization.—We beiicve a meeting of gentlemen interested in the .acclimatization move ment will shortly he held in Adelaide, with a view to the formation of a Society. We hope it will be more successful in its operations than the short lived Society which was formed for similar objects some time ago. The Bight Kev. Bishop Pattesox.— A letter has been received from Bishop Patteson, Mis sionary to the Melanesians, of the Western Pacific, stating his intention to visit Adelaide in February. He proposes leaving New Zealand by the February mail for Sydney, whence lie will start for Mel bourne and then to this colony. He will afterwards return to Sydney, where he will remain a short time. The Fuse at the Bukea.—Iii other columns will be found a detailed report of the imprest on the fire, which occurred on Afr. Staubury's pro perty, at Kooringa, on Tuesday morning, January -20. It will be seen that the goods and building consumed were insured to the amount of £4,450, and that the Jury returned a verdict to the effect that the fire happened accidentally, but that there was no evidence as to its origin. West worth. — Our correspondent at Went wortlr writes as follows, under date January 25 "I have little in the way of news this week, as no steamers have called and everything is dull. I received a letter yesterday from a gentleman at Fort Bourke. which stated that the Darling was rising, although it was believed it would not rise to any great extent. Sheep were being crossed at the rate of 2,009 per day, ami still 100,000 were waiting to be conveyed over." Our correspondent also complains of the Adelaide mail arrangements; stating that it arrives on Saturday night, and closes again on Sunday night, thus malting the Sabbath a day of business instead of a day of rest. Anniversary at Teatree Gully. — The annual services of the Baptist Chapel, Teatree Gully, were held on January 24 and £3. The sermons on the Sabbath were preached by Air. Hutchinson and the iter. Air. Wilson. The chapel was. well filled, and the usual collections satisfactory. The Alonday tea meeting was also well attended, and the public meeting which fol lowed was addressed by the Bevs. S. Alead, Webb, Prince, and Wilson. The choir exerted its in fluence to enliven the meeting, and the annual gathering was altogether of a pleasing and satis factory nature, both as regards the financial and religious aspect of the Church. Sale of Wheat at Kapunda. — Alessrs. White & Goodchild advertised a sale of a con siderable quantity of wheat, to take place at Crase's room, Kapunda, on Saturday last, the grain to he delivered either at the Kapunda or Freeling stations within 10 days from date of sale. The following are the particulars: — Sold 12,509 bushels at an average of 4s. 4d., to be delivered chiefly in 10 days; some large parcels to be delivered in three weeks. The purchasers were —Darwent, 4,800; Acraman, 1,800; Duflield&Co.;, 1,950; Kruger, 2,000; Schramm, 1,900—total, : 12,400. One parcel, very dirty, was sold at 3s. 10Jd., which spoilt the average. The auctioneers state i that they could have sold 20,000 at same rates. j Central Bo ah Board.—The first meeting of the new members of the Central Boad Board was held on Tuesday, February 2, there being present Messrs. W. Dufneld, A. Hallett, D. Ferguson, D. Sutherland, and W. Everard. Shortly after 11 o clock a communication was received from the Public Works Office, announcing that Messrs. Everard and McEwin had been reappointed by the Governor as members, so that there has been no change whatever in the personnel of the Board. After the Commissioners had made the usual declarations, Mr. W. Duffield was unani mously elected Chairman for the ensuing year. The business was then proceeded with, and included about the usual number of reports, letters, &c.; Yictobian Land Act.—The Land Act of the McCuIioch Ministry has beeu introduced in the Victorian Parliament and read a first time. The principal features of this important measure are enumerated in our telegraphic intelligence. Fatal Accident at Stbathalbyx.— Our Strathalbyn correspondent forwards us particulars of a distressing accident which occurred last week at Giles's Fiat, resulting in the death of a lad about 15 years of age, named Oaks. It would appear that the lad was engaged about a loaded dray which waa standing in the field, when the pole tilted up and he was struck down by the hinder part of the dray and died before assistance could be procured. Battalion Drill.—Between 40 and 50 members of the volunteer force, representing the First Adelaide and Adelaide Rifles, under Captains Lower and Clark, met for battalion drill on the North Park Lands. Lieut.-Colonel Mayo, assisted by the Staff Officers, commanded; and an horn having been spent in battalion drill, the two com panies were told off, and marched to their respec tive parades, where, under Lieutenant Slater and Drill-Instructor O'Carroll, the First Adelaides were put through the bayonet exercise, and the Adelaides, under Drill-Instructor Young, were exercised in platoon drill. The companies were dismissed shortly before 1 o'clock. The Adelaide Regimental Band was on the ground during the drill, and performed several military and papular airs. CmJBCH Endowment Soctett. — A general public meeting of the Church Endowment Society was called for Saturday morning, January 30. There were only three present—The Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Mr. F. S. Dutton, M. P., and Mr. S. P. H. Wright. In consequence of the small attendance the meeting was adjourned, on the motion of Mr. Dutton, seconded by Mr. Wright, till February 3, aud it was further directed that, in addition to the general balance-sheet as prepared by the Secretary, there should be laid before such adjourned meeting a detailed balance-sheet for the past 12 months, and a schedule of mortgages; also a list of donors and subscribers to the Society. The adjourned meeting was held on Wednesday, February 3; the Lord Bishop of Adelaide pre siding. There were only eight subscribers present The annual report and balance-sheet were read, together with some other docu ments. The documents were ordered to be printed and circulated awong the members of the Society, and it was decided to adjourn the meeting tUl March. Some discussion took place with reference to the printing of the revised schedule of rules, and also with regard to a letter from Major Warburton, which had appeared in one of the public prints, stating that the Directors had not carried out the object for which the Society was established. The meeting then ad journed till the week after the arrival of the March mail. Fossils.—On Wednesday, Mr. George Vickery brought to Adelaide some fossilized shells, obtained in the vicinity of Mount Bryan, at an elevation of 3,000 feet above the level of the sea. They have, we understand, been left at the Institute Museum for examination by Mr. Water house. Mb. Randall's Wines.—A great number of gentlemeD, including some of the best judges of wines in the colony, visited Mr. Randall's cellar on Wednesday and tasted his wines. The generally expressed opinion was that the wines were sound and good, and in every case their age was over estimated. We understand that Mr. Randall, who has given .a great amount of intelligent thought to the perfecting of South 'Australian wines, has discovered a mode by which the slow process of nature can he expedited in maturing a vintage and securing all the mellowness of age whilst the wine is still young. Consecration of St. Ann's, Marion.—The additions to the ltoman Catholic Chapel at Marion were consecrated and opened for Divine service on Sunday, January 3L After the cere mony of consecration the service proper to the day was celebrated by the clergyman of the district, the Bev. F. Reynolds. The ofiertory amounted to £57, and the opening sermon was preached by the Bev. J. Smyth from the 11th and 12tli verses of the 7th chapter of the 2nd Chronicles (Paralipomenon) | The worshippers attached to this church express themselves greatly pleased with the style in which Mr. McMuIIen, builder, has completed the additions to the sacred edifice. Lithogratiit.—A correspondent who imagines he has found in the colony a kind of Etone very closely resembling that imported for lithographic purposes wishes to be informed as to any chemical test necessary to determine the fitness or unfitness of a stone for the useful and interesting branch of art referred to. Scotch Thistles.—A gentleman has called at our office to say that the attention of the Echunga and Kondoparinga District Councils should be~ dirccted to the large number of Scotch thistles which are giowing within their jurisdictions He states that there is an abundant growth of them to be seen on the Strathalbyn and Bull's Creek roa Is in full bloom, so that if net at once attended to they will soon be seeding, and spreading them selves over the adjoining land. New Cornwall Mineral Association.—a special meeting of the above Association was held at the Hotel Europe on Tuesday, February 2. Mr. G. D. Sismey, who was voted to the chair, stated that- the meeting was called to empower the Directors to give security on their debentures. Permission was given them at the last meeting to borrow a sum not exceeding £3,000, but through some oversight of their solicitor power was not sought to give security over the plant and leases of the mine. Mr. J. Lindsay said, as it appeared to be simply a formal meeting, he would move—"That the Directors of the New Cornwall Mineral Asso ciation, Limited, be and are hereby authorized to borrow on its debentures, to be secured by a mort gage of the lease and plant of the Association, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole £3,000, at such rates of interest and repayable at such times as to the said Directors may seem meet.1' The motion was seconded by Mr. W. Kay, and carried unanimously, and the meeting closed. Disgraceful Attempt at Robbery.— Some , days ago the Secretary of the South Australian I Institute had his attention called to a fracture of the glass top of one of the cases containing valuable gold and silver coins. The fracture was such as might, so far as appearances went, have been oc casioned either bj accident or design; but there were other marks visible in the wood-work which : left no doubt that an attempt had been made to break open the case. An instrument, flat upon one side and convex upon the other, like the blade of a scissors, had been forced in between the lid and body of the case, and considerable force used to prise up the lid, but fortunately without success. It is supposed that the thief must have been a female, and was disturbed while making the attempt, but effected a retreat without exciting suspicion, as the case is not of a strength calculated to resist a stroDg hand and an ordinary screw driver. The Governors of the Institute have ordered the removal of the cases containing coins from the Museum for the present, and until arrangements are made to guard more effectually against depredation; hut persons wishing to in spect the coins can see them upon application, at suitable times, to the Secretary. It will be recol lected that these coins are principally the gift of Mr. Paxton, and it would he a matter of regret to the community at large were they or any portion of them to be purloined from the Museum. South Australian "Winegrowers' and Winemakers' Association. — The monthly meeting of thiu-Association was held at the Globe Inn on Tuesday, February 2. Mr. S. E. Boord, the President, took the chair. Messrs. "W. Martin, T. K. Jones, W. K. Simms, J. Bradford, F. Winkel, W. Haynes, W. H. (Joss, J oka Pitt, anil — Scliomburgk were nominated for election by the Committee as members of the Society. It was then resolved to hold the first Wine Show in con nection with the Association on tlie firs: Tuesday in June. The Chairman suggested- the desira bility of allowing tlie wines to remain a month in the cellars of the Globe Inn prior to the Show. He then remarked that at the next meeting he should be prepared to give them all the information he could collect on the subject of winemaking. Since their last meeting he had tasted wine of the vintage of I85S which few could distinguish from very delicate sherry. He was certain age would give their wines a character. It had been said their wines were not fortified sufficiently; but they' needed no fortification if they were made from thoroughly ripe fruit, and he urged the im portance of this point upon the members of the Association. Mr. D. Fisher asked who would appoint the Judges for the June Show. He thought tlie general meeting should, as then there could be no suspicion of unfair proceedings. Mr. E. Pitt agreed with Mr. Fisher, and suggested that notice should be given the members that such appointments would be made at a particular meeting. It was decided that the Judges should be nominated in April for election in May by the membets of the Association. Adelaide Philoiiathic Society.—There was a very good attendance of members of the Philo matbic Society at the Institute on Tuesday evening. The chair was occupied by the Vice-President (Mr. G. Mann); and the Acting Secretary (Mr. C. D. Cooper) read the report of the Committee of Management, from which we gathered that during the year 100 members had been enrolled, but that 22 having resigned, the actual number of members was 78. Tbe report" referred to the satisfactory progress of the Society during the first six months of its existence, and expressed regret at the sub sequent exhibition of want of interest on the part of many members. The names of the gentlemen who had delivered lectures were referred to in complimentary terms; and the report concluded by expressing the hope that so useful a Society might be more successful in its future operations. The report was adopted. Tbe Treasurer (Mr. T. E. Nu gent) then read a financial statement, showing that there was a balance due to the Treasurer of JSSOs. 6d. The election of -officers was then proceeded with, the following being the resultThe Rev. Canon Russell was re-elected President; Sir. Chailes Mann having declined to allow himself to be nominated for re election, Mr. C. D. Cooper was chosen to fill the office of Vice-President; Messrs. J. Co nils and T. R. Nugent were elected to fill the respective offices of Secretary and Treasurer (the latter gentleman being re-elected); Messrs. T. Burgan and J. Mann were chosen Auditors. The Vice-President, the Secretary, and Mr. J. E. Martin were chosen to represent the Society at the meeting to he held at the Institute on Friday respecting the proposed Sliaksperian Tercentenary Commemoration. A vote of thanks to the retir ing officers concluded the business of the meeting. Wesley an Conference. — The Melbourne papers contain condensed reports of the proceed ings of the tenth Australasian Wesley an Confe rence, which commenced its sittings on Wednes day, January 20, in Wesley Church, Melbourne. We have not our regular files of papers, and therefore cannot say whether those we are in possession of contain particulars of every day's sittings; but from the material at our disposal we make the following digest:—On the first day there were pre sent about 60 ministers, eigbt of whom were from New South Wales, three from Tasmania, and two from New Zealand. Delegates from South Aus tralia had not arrived, but were expected. The devotional exercises which opened the Conference having been concluded, it was resolved, on the motion of Rev. D. -J. Draper, seconded by Rev. J. Eggleston, to invite the Rev. E. JU. Jenkins, of Madras, to take a seat among the members. The Rev. T. Buddie, of Auckland, the President for 1863. then delivered his retiring address, and introduced his successor, the Rev. J. Buffer, of Christchurch, New Zealand) of whom he spoke in very complimentary terms. Tlie new President having given his inaugural address, the thanks -of the Conference were accorded to the Rev. T. Buddie, and to the Rev. J. Bickford, the Secretary, for the past year. The Conference prayer meeting having been held, the reply of the British Conference to the address of last year was read, and the Bev. Mr. Hurst was appointed to prepare the address for the present year. The Rev. W. Taylor, a minister of the Methodist Episcopal Church of America, having been invited to attend the Conference, some routine business was transacted, and the pro ceedings of the day closed. On the 26th of . January the following minute was made:—"Various circuits had requested that the Conference would cause them to be divided, for the greater convenience of the parties concerned. In several instances those requests had met with the approval of tlie district meetings, and recom mended by them to the Conference. Those re commendations were carefully considered, and in most cases adopted. Several other places were entered on the minutes to which ministers are to be appointed if possible." In tbe evening the President preached his official sermon from CoL i. 28, and at the close of the service the sacrament of the Lord's Supper was administered. Ou January 27 the Rev. W. Quick, one of the Treasurers of the Children's Fund, presented the financial statement connected therewith. This having been dealt with, the balance sheet of the Education Fund was submitted by the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse, and a state ment of the amounts invested by the Treasurers. The current account was audited by Messrs. Fraser and King, and adopted by the Committee. The general account was examined; and, on the motion of the Treasurer, Messrs. Padmanand Baffantyne, of South Australia, were appointed to audit the account and to examine the securities. The Treasurers, Mr. John Colton and the Rev. J. B. "Waterhouse. received the thanks of the Committee) and they were reappointed to the office for the ensuing year. The balance- sheet of the Fund for Supernumeraries and Ministers' "Widows, which showed the fund to be in a satisfactory state, was read and passed. The balance-sheet of the Mission Fund showed an increase in the contributions from several districts^ especially in the Friendly Islands and Fiji. It was agreed tliat, with a view of increasing the interest in the missionary meetings, a native assistant missionary should ^be brought up from one of the islands as soon as possible to attend them. The Rev. J. A. Manton was ap pointed Clerical Treasurer in the place of the Rev. S. Eabone, who had been appointed General Secretary ; and the usual votesof thanks were passed to officers and Committees for the past year. On January 23, after a motion had been carried, con veying a vote of thanks to the President for liis official address, and embodying a request that he would allow it to appear in the Wesley an Chronicle, had been passed, a considerable space of time was occupied by a careful consideration of the appointments of the ministers of the Con nexion for the next year. "The second reading" was not completed when the session broke up. After this the usual ordination service was held, the candidates being—Edward Benson Burns, Edwin Iredale "Watkin, Robert Lisle Vickers, Andrew Inglis, and Francis Ewen Stephenson. A New lsir.—The large building adjoining the General Post-Office, known as Mr. Bubble's Coach Manufactory, is being transformed into a public house. Tbe contract for the necessary works has been taken by Mr. C.- Parr, and excavations in the interior of the building are proceeding with all dispatch. Mr. Hubble contemplates that the im provements required will involve an expense to him of at least £1,000, and when finished the house will contain 12 rooms, exclusive of the kitchen. : He hopes to have the works in such a state of for wardness as to be able to apply for a licence in March next. Swimming.—According to advertisement, a few persons assembled at the Baths for the purpose of j arranging for matches to be held in the City Baths. Mr. Bastard occupied the chair, and 'explained the object of the meeting, viz., to arrange for swiihming matches for hoys to be heid in the Baths, and matches for adults at the Bay. On the proposition of Mr. J. EL Penney, seconded by Mr, Unwin, a "Swimming Club" was formed, the annual fee of members to.be 5s.; and the names of .10 persons were taken as members. Mr. Bastard was appointed Treasurer, and Mr. J. KL Penney Secretary; and it was resolved that the Hon. A. Porster should be requested to become President of the Club. A Committee was then appointed, consisting of B. Unwin, C. Baines, J. Morcom, J. Smith, J. Haycraft, and T. MacdonneU. It was decided that the matches slionld take place on some day in February, and that the Champion Belt should be open for competition, subject to challenge. A day having been fixed lor the next ' meeting, the proceedings terminated. Albert Eklls Committee.—The fortnightly meetfhg of the Albert Bells Committee was held j at the City Council Chamber on Wednesday, j February 3. There were present His Worship the I Mayor (in the chair). Rev. B. T. Craig, and Messrs. English, E. W. Wright, Culiey, Elliott; Hubble, and Blunt (Acting Secretary). It was reported that the Mayors of the other Corporations and the ! Chairmen *,f District Councils had been commu- i nicated with, a subscription- list being attached to each letter; also that steps had been taken to supply circulars to the various absentees, who ! might be expected to aid in the movement for pro- I curing the peal of bells; that circulars and sub- . scription-lists had been sent to the Banks and to the Exchange; that letters had been sent to three manufacturers of bells in London, asking informa fcion respecting cost, &c.; aud some copies of such letters to the Agent-Geneial, with a view of their being forwarded by him to other manufacturers; and that the City (North and South) had been divided into 13 districts, each of which had been assigned to a canvasser or canvassers. Letters were then read as under:—From the Chairman, of the West Torrens District Council, express ing his willingness to assist in the movement; from the Key. D. J. H. Ibbetson, consenting to have his name placed 011 the Committee, and ex pressing an opinion that a peal of bells of 19 cwt. tenor would be of little use, unless it was fixed : at least (iO feet from.',the ground. With reference ! to the latter point, Mr. "Wright remarked that the i bells would be at least f>0 feet from, the ground. ' Mr. James Way wrote, announcing his inability to act on the Committee. Mr. George Gale, of Walkerville, by letter, applied for the post of collector to the Committee. It was decided that no collector should be employed until the efforts j of the Committeemen to raise money had been : exhausted. Mr. James Martin, Mayor of Gander Town, wrote, expressing his willingness to co operate iu the movement. His name was ordered to be .added to the Committee. On the motion of Mr. Culiey, Mr. Hubble's name was included in the list of Committeemen. Mr. English moved that His Worship the Mayor and the Hon. J. H. Barrow be Trustees to receive the funds ccl-" lected, and that such funds be paid into the National Bank to the credit of the Committee. Mr. ^ Wright seconded, and the motion was carried. Sir. Culiey, with a view of setting at rest any doubts which might be entertained as to the stability of" the tower, enquired of air. Wright whether he thought the foundations strong enough to carry a peal of bells. Mr. Wright had no hesitation in saying that the foundations were amply strong enough. He feared rather on account of the insufficiency of the room than for the strength of the tower. Mr. Culiey mooted the desirability of reserving niches in the tower for the statues of the late Prince Consort and Her Majesty; but the Committee intimated that the subject' did not come within the range of their functions. Some discussion took place as to the mode of calling the meeting of the Committee, and advertising the list of subscribers from time to time. It was decided to be unnecessary for those present to announce what sums they had collected during the past fortnight, there being so few pre sent; and a vote of thanks having been passed to the Chairman, Hie Committee adjourned for a fortnight. Bush Fires Prevention' Act.—A correspon dent forwards the following memorandum of the' trial of the case of the Crown Lands Banger v. Gleeson and Others, which came off in the Ked rufch Local Court of Limited Jurisdiction on Wednesday, January 26, before Mr, M. Mac Dermott, S.M.:—44 In this case informations were laid by the Banger against Air. Gleeson and four others for not extinguishing a camp-fire. Mr Palmer appeared for the defendants. The.defen dants lit a camp-fire on an open road on Mr. Porter s run, and soon after they had quitted the spot on the following morning the grass adjoining was discovered to be on fire. It was, however, speedily put out without damage. The evidence in favour of the defendants proved the camp-fire to have been made 12 feet from the nearest grass, the ground to have been wet with previous rain, and the defendants, before leaving the spot, to have collected together- the embers and placed earth upon them, .there being no water near by which they could have totally and immediately extinguished the fire. The Magistrate declared, as a rule, he should inflict the heaviest fine in such cases; but in this instance there were mitigating circumstances, and he would inflict only a fine of £3 upon each of the five defendants with costs." ' Caution to Licensed Victuallers.—It will be seen J>y our police report that Mr. E. Moore, landlord of the Ship Inn, Currie-street, bns been fined 40s. for neglecting to exhibit in his bar and taproom the 55th, 56th, and 57th clauses of the Licensed Victuallers Act of IS63. The attention of persons interested has already been railed to that mailer in this paper, hut for their further in formation we may state that the law was altered last session of Parliament; with a view to secure the better preservation of good order in public houses, and that the 55th clause of the Act of 1863 forbids the selling, bartering, or giving liquor to any aboriginal native (except as medicine, pre scribed by a qualified medical practitioner), under a penalty of not less than £1 or more than £10 for each offence. Clause 56 imposes a penalty on any licensed dealer in liquors who supplies 'Strong drink, to be drunk on the premises, to any boy or girl under the age of 12 years, of not less^ than 20s. or more than. £5. Clause 57 is very important, inasmuch as it is of all others the most likely to be violated, and the penalty attaches whether the offence is com mitted by the landlord or any person re sponsible to lpni. It enacts that for any such to knowingly and wilfully supply and permit, or suffer to be supplied, intoxicating drink to any person already in a state of intoxication, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and on con viction shall for a first offence pay a fine of £10, for the second offence a fine of £20, and upon a third conviction forfeit the licence, and be ren dered thereafter incapable of holding a licence. Clause 55 enacts that "every person holding a pub lican's licence shall cause clauses 55, 56, and 57 to be printed in large, legible, permanent, and con spicuous characters, or fairly written, and affixed in one of the most public parts of his bar-room, and also of every taproom belonging to or used in connection with his licensed house, and keep the same so affixed, and fair and legible; under the penalty of 40s., and a further penalty of 10s. for every day during which the said clauses shall not be kept affixed and fair and legible as aforesaid." Lighthouse Conference.—It will be seen by our Melbourne telegram that the Horn J. Hart, delegate from South Australia;, has been autho rized to represent New South Wales and inci dentally Queensland. The West Adelaide Dramatic Club.—We understand that this Dramatic Association intend to give shortly a performance in aid of the Albert Bells Fund. The Inner Bar.—A correspondent who has observed in his English letters, received per last mail, a prevailing impression that the impediment offered by the inner bar is much greater than it really is, recommends a publication by the Marine Board of the arrivals during the past six weeks from England and elsewhere, giving the draught of water and pilotage in each case. He observes that the pilotage charge is according to the draught of water, and therefore concludes it would give the Board very little trouble to furnish a reliable state meut calculated to dispel unfounded apprehensions as to detention, lighterage, mid pilotage. The Northern Territory.—An advertisement in another column invites applications from per sons desirous of becoming purchasers of the land authorized to be sold by the Act 23 of 1863. Appli cations are to be made on and after the 1st March to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, at his office, and the deposits required by the regulations, also published this day, are to be paid into the Bank of Australasia. Licensed Victuallers Act.—As the police have commenced laying informations under the new penal clauses imported into the revised Licensed Victuallers Act passed last session, it behoves those interested to acquaint themselves with the provisions of the Act, for violating which they may incur fine and forfeiture. We have called the attention of publicans to the new clauses affecting the conduct of their trade. The following provisions apply to another class of traders:—Clause 72 enacts that "if after the passing of this Act any unlicensed person Rha.ll directly or indirectly sell, barter, exchange, or retail, or permit to be sold, bartered, exchanged, or retailed within the said province, less than five imperial gallons of liquor, he shall forfeit and pay for every such offence a sum of not less than £10 nor more than £50." And by clause 76 of { the said Act informations can be laid againrt ' unlicensed persons so offending " by any constable ! or creditable person." Moxno Para West Pjfles.—Our Peachey Belt . coircspondent writes:—" The Munno Para West : company resumed drill on Thursday last week, 14 members were in attendance, and acquitted themselves admirably; In fact, as well as any com pany in the colony of corresponding numbers. The company seem very unsettled in consequence of the non-gazetting of the officers they have selected. At the next monthly meeting it is ex pected that Colonel Biggs wili be present, and tben it is probable that, unless their officers are officially appointed, the company will withdraw from the service." Bosh Fires is thi£15orth.—Mr. MacDermott has held inquests on the bush fires in the North. The verdict as to the fire at Belaly on the 10th ult. was that it was caused by accident; and the verdict as to the fire at Uanowie on the 29th ult. was that it originated from causes unknown. Cattle Importation Act.—Mr. H. S. Glenie has been authorized tc act as Inspecting Officer under the Act to prevent the introduction of diseased cattle into South Australia. Masters and Servants.—A case in the Port Elliot Local Court, referred to by our correspon dent, shows the importance of parties under standing the law which regulates the relationship ' of master and servant. A written agreement is binding; and when a servant entcis upon his or her duties under a verbal agreement, it becomes a valid engagement, which can only he determined on legal notice or by mutual consent. By the deci sion of the Port Elliot Local Court the signing of a receipt in a book for wages constitutes a written contract. His Excellency Sib Dosohicr Daly,—Our readers will see with regret by the letter of the Private Secretary to the Shakspeare Memorial meeting that His Excellency the Governor lias for some days been suffering from an attack of Asiatic cholera. The letter stated that His Excellency was recovering, but remained very weak; and we are t sorry to say that upon enquiry last evening we i were informed that His Excellency was not so well I as when the letter of the Private Secretary was j written. ■ Mr. E. E. Torp.ens.—A preliminary meeting of Mr. Torrens's f ricuds was held at the Clarence Hotel on Friday, February 5, to devise some means for recognising the great public services rendcredby that gentlemen, who was the originator of the Heal Property Act. His Worship the Mayor tMr. S. Goode) presided, and letters were read from several gentlemen expressing their wil lingness to assist in the movement. Two sugges tions were made—first, that the Legislature should be memorialized by the country at large, praying that a public recognition of Mr. Torrens's services might be made by the Parliament; and, secondly, that the testimonial should be raised by private subscription. After some conversational discussion it was decided to call another meeting of the friends of Mr. Torrens and the Eeal Property Act, An advertisement in another column couvenes the meeting for Wednesday, February 10, at 3 o'clock SUICIDE BY HANGING.—A young man named Hezekiah Crouch, son of a farmer at Paracombe, near Houghton, terminated his existence by hang- ing himself in a pear-tree in his father's garden on Thursday evening. Dr. Woodforde held an inquest on the body on Friday, when it appeared from the evidence that the decased, who was 23 years of age, and living with his parents, had become somewhat embarrassed in his business— that of a butcher—but from his conduct had excited no suspicion of his design, further than appearing low-spirited and taciturn. His parents and family were utterly stupified by the discovery made in the evening by his little brother of his body hang- ing from a pear-tree and quite dead. He had dined as usual at home, and was a sober and well- conducted young man, and living on terms of friendship with his family. The Jury returned a verdict of temporary insanity. WILLUNGA VOLUNTEERS. — A correspondent sends the following :—"On Tuesday evening, the 2nd February, Colonel Biggs attended at the Bush Hotel, Willunga, to read the new regulations and receive the names of volunteers willing to serve Her Majesty for the remainder of the six years' service. There was a good muster; and 30 of the company signified their willingness to continue in the force. Colonel Biggs also administered the oath to two other young men who embraced this opportunity of joining. During the evening he remarked that Major (late Colonel) Blyth had always spoken- favourably of the Willunga Com pany, and he attributed their good discipline and efficiency to their officers—Captain Atkinson "and Lieutenant Snoswell—who, on their part, also awarded great merit to their men for their subordi nation and zeal. The next drill is to be on the 19th." Fnrsiss Mining Claims. — A private lettei received by a gentleman in town states that Mr. Warmington, who lately took np the surrendered leases of theFinniss Mining Claims, has struck upon a fine lode of copper ore. The letter states that Mr. Warmington was offered next day the large sum of £1,090 for his right; but refused the oiler. Teatbee Gully Local Coobt.—There was n< case of importance brought before the Teatree Gully Court on Wednesday, February 3, except indeed, one—Klopper v. Hunt—in which was claimed for excessive damages under thi Impounding Act. Zt was shown by the evidence that the defendants fence consisted only , of t post and two wires, and a verdict was cause quently given for the plaintiff. Irrigation.—A few days ago we visited the garden of the Hon. George Hall at Woodside, nea Mitcham, for the purpose of witnessing the eflect of irrigation upon his shrubs and fruit-trees. Mr. Hall has an abundant supply of well water, anc has erected costly machinery by which he dis tributes it over the whole of his grounds, and th< result, as may be supposed, is of the most satis factory kind. The orange-trees particularly an looking healthy and beautiful, and their progresi daring the last few months has been something surprising. Mr. Hall feels, however;' that thi great advantages of irrigation cannot be exten sively enjoyed if the necessary apparatus is to bi as costly as his has been, and he has addressed h us the following letter, which we have mucl pleasure in gi ving publicity to. and which we hojx will have , the effect of creating an interest ii what must be deemed a very important subject "I hardly need call attention to the great impor tance of irrigation and its beneficial results. Thi fact must be patent to all who have gardens am the means of watering them. I think it wonld bi of great public benefit if the subject was ventilate! in your columns. I have an unlimited supply o water in a well within 40 feet of the surface, ant have imported pumps and machinery for a hoigi to work, but at fax too heavy a cost to admit of th same description of {rear coming into general use Wind is a cheap power, but not to be depeudei upon when it is most required. The desideratun is some simple machinery that can be worked b; bullocks or horses, and thereby made available a any time. It should be of strength sufficient t prevent ordinary neglect or mismanagement fror damaging it. Surely there is sufficient engineerin talent in the colony to' devise something simpl that would suit the purpose." Adelaide Police Codbt.—Id the Adelaide Police Court on Friday, February 5. Cornelius Lyons was committed for tnal, on two charges of forging and uttering, at the next Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Uourt. The landlord of the Arab Steed, Gilles-street, was fined 40s. and: costs for neglecting to have the 55th, 56th and 57th clauses of the licensed Victuallers Act posted up in the bar and taproom of his house. An information against Miza Cox for' using insulting language was dismissed. A man named John Brown was fined 40s. and costs for a cruel assault on a little boy about six years of age; and a fine of 5s. and costs was inflicted on Andrew Toimey for allowing his chimney to catch fire. Kaphnda.—Our Kapunda correspondent's letter describes a successful trial of one of Adamson's new reaping mid thrashing machines. He also states that improved appliances, including a silk dressing machine, have been introduced in the mill. He describes a furious attack by a.bull upon a bullock-team, and states that the mam street of the township is now crowded daily with wheat- leaden drays,' there being a considerable accumulation of cereal produce, winch the stores cannot accommodate or the railway remove so rapidly as it arrives. The Beal Ghost.—An evening's entertainment of a rather novel character was presented to the ?ublic last evening, by the. reopening of the rincess's Theatre, under the management , of Mr. G. "VV. Cosford. The attendance was rather scanty at the time fixed for the commencement of the entertainment, but somewhat increased as the : evening progressed. The great novelty of the : evening was the first introduction of Professor Pepper's genuine ghost to a Melbourne audience. This was done by the representation of the figure of a lady dressed' in robes of white, which, although distinctly visible to its smallest details, ! was evidently unsubstantial and drawn upon vacancy. However, two or three pieces of music were sung by the phantom to the evident satisfac tion of the andience. Afterwards two or' three figures were represented at a time, one effec tive representation being that of the unfortunate. Howard, Bail of Surrey, gazing into a minor in which was vividly depicted the figure of his lost Geraldine. The great defect of the whole repre sentation was the want of dramatic adjuncts, whereby the belief of the audience might be strengthened and stimulated, and the feelings have been so interested as to invest the illusion with the startling force of reality. This was sot attempted last evening; the so-called "ghosts," being merely very perfect reflections of a living figure, were looked upon but as cleverly-produced optical effects. Mr. Cosford at the commencement apologized for what he knew w«uld be defective in the representation, and explained it as arising , irom the person who acted for liim as theatrical agent having left him, and he in consequence being compelled to make what provisional ar rangements the time aud circumstances allowed. There is no doubt that if the optical effect produced last evening were cleverly combined with an ap propriate drama, a very startling result might be produced. The remaining part of the entertain ment consisted in a lecture and experiments in electro-biology by Mr. Cosford, which gave rise to a great amount of fun aud laughter.—Argus, January 26. ^ A Vibtdocs CoiDTONirr. —A s contrasted with the present desire of Western Australia to accept support from the foul profits of imperial expen diture on it as a penal settlement, the following extracts from a work published in 1S39, by Nathaniel Ogle, E.G.S., and entitled "The Colony of Western Australia: A Manual for Emigrants to that Settlement, or its Dependencies," are interesting. P. 43:—" Western Australia is hap pily without the taint of a penal colony. No con vict has erer been landed there; and the great distance from the penal settlements renders it improbable that even any who have escaocd into the hush could reach the confines of the district." P. 1GL:—"The reader has seen in the preceding report of the Agricultural Society that an attempt was made by a few inconsiderate indi viduals to introduce .convict labour into tbe colony, but which has been scouted as a breach of agreement. The desire of earlier gain only could have prompted the proposal. The interpretation of it 4s that they preferred their wives to hold intercourse, in their domestic . arrangements, with the lowest prostitutes and abandoned thieves, swept from the sinks of : iniquity of ~ a great metropolis and the mer- I cantile ports—to sec their daughters and little sons in contact with such persons, from whom J early impressions must have been received, and to have held intercourse with them and felons—to waiting a few years until the progressive advance ment of the colony realized their expectations. It is to be hoped that Western Australia will never again be disgraced by proposals which are branded with the marks of either infamy or ignorance. Every man of honour, and every woman that desires that her children should pass a life leading to a happy immortality, should firmly resist, even resent, so vile an attempt to pollute their new and beautiful country. Can a lit le more gain, a road more quickly made, or a few pounds i of gold, compensate for the intrusion, the example, the pollution of the refuse of gaols and convict hulks ? Those who think so can find society suited to their tastes in Eastern Australia or Van Die men's Land." Amongst reasons for emigrating (p. 231):—"It is not, and never will be, a penal settlement. The distance from a penal settlement renders it inaccessible to convicts who have escaped." > 