NOVEL METHOD OV CUKINO MEAT.-The Admi- ! laity are making experiments with a process devised by an Iruh gentleman-Dr. Morgan. Shortly bsfore , the last mail left England some animals were slaughtered, and their carcases subjected to the new procesB at her Majesty's Victualling Department, Deptford. A bullock having been slaughtered in the usual way, the chest was immediately opened, and a metal pipe with a stopcock inserted in connection with, the arterial system. The pipe was connected by means of elastic tubing with a tub filled with brine placed at an elevation of about twenty feet above the floor. The stopcock being turned the brine forced itself through the arteries of the animal, and, passing through the capillaries, flowed back through, the veins, carrying with it all the blood, making its exit by means of an incision provided for that purpose. About six gallons of brine thus pas6ed through the body, washing out all the blood from the vessels. The metal pipe was then connected with another tube similarly placed contain- ing the preservative materials to be injected, and at the same time their exit after traversing the body was Srcvented. On communication being made, the quid became forced into the vessels, and by means of the preBSure it penetrated into every part of the j animal,and might be seen exuding at any point where ] an incision was made. The liquid used consisted of six gallons and a half of brine, ten lbs. of sugar, three quarter lb. of saltpetre, with half a bottle of ketchup, and an infusion of cloves and pepper. The whole process is very rapid, and is extremely simple, requiring nothing that can be termed machinery. In three minutes the vessels of the animal vt ere washed out, in about three minutes more the preservative liquid was injected, and in twenty minutes from the killing the process of infiltration was completed. The beast is then skinned, cut up into pieces, large or small, and taken to a dry- ing-room where it is hung until thoroughly dried, when it is packed in boxes with sawdust and charcoal. It is confidently beliaved that meat cured iu this manner will stand any climate. A purveyor at Portsmouth hes adopted thc process with success, and sells thc meat so prepared in the regular course of trade. A ship's company supplied with the implements and in- gredients could carry out the process at any place where animals were procurable, and thus lay irs a stock of meat more wholesome than that preserved in biine-pickle. In hot climates the drying might be effected in the open air or in a room easily arranged on shore or on board. The meat may be dried or cured like ham or bacon if desired ; indeed, the new method seems peculiarly fitted for the purpose; and its simplicity, with the facile adaptation of the im- plements, invite a trial in any country or colony where the supply of animals and the demand for pre- served meat are such as to encourage the utmost pro- ficiency in the curative process. OBIIVAK.-News came by the last mail of the decease at Bristol of Mr. L. Evans, father of Messrs. Evans,- Brothers, of Albury, old colonists and univer- sally known. . We extract tho following notice from the Bristol local paper. " lu yesterday's Dat ly Pi ess the reader would observe the death recorded of Mr. Lavington Evans, a venerable citizen, much and deservedly respected, who has departed at the ripe age of seventy-eight. Mr. EvanB was long the prin- cipal of the firm, which hiB sons now conduct, of Messrs. P. and 5. Evans and Co., Western Taunery, Bristol. A numerous family circle, and a still more numerous body of friends,, will mourn over the loss cf one who may be- described os a truly consistent Christian gentleman. .At Highbury Chapel, on bunday1 morning, alludion was made to tho event, which was sudden and unexpected, by the Rev. David Thomas, upon whv*>jse ministry the deceased was a regular attendant." INSTAN CF.8 OP RECENT VOLCANIC ACTION IN TUB BRITISH 1BLI:S.-1 have often urged that a far more profound examination of tho writings of tho Middle Ages, in search ot contemporary notices of natural phe- nomena, than has yet been made, would "not only be interesting for the history of science, but advanta- geous to some branches ol' science itself. Sotno of the most important of these writings, as regt.rds this sub- ject, are still in manuscript, and totally unknown to men of science at the present day ; but my impression ia that, among many other points of interest, wc have abundant evidence in our old chronicles, pub- lished and unpubliohed, that volcanic agency was actively at work here at n much later period than is generally supposed. An English scholar of the thirteenth century, Adam de Marisco (the friend of Robert Grossctcte and of the great Simon de Montfort), has recorded a volcanic eruption in the Channel Islands in his time-about the middle of that century. I have just accidentally met with an account of Eóme similar phenomena as having occurred on ihc northern borders of Wales uta much more recent period. The following curious notice will be found in the Annual Register for 1773, p. 7G of the Chroniclo :-" Holywell, Flintshire, February 2 : The memory of man cannot recollect such quantities of snow to have fallen in these parts as last week. My house is three stories high, and I cnn hardly lay me down with securiiy iu the garret. Men, women, children, and cattle, have found their tombs in the snow. The night before last, Moelfamma (u ?very high mountain in this neighbourhood) was heard to utter, us it were, deep groans. The adj acent hills trembled from their roots. The noise -t eleven o'clock was like the sound of a distant thunder, from the rolling of huge stones down a craggy precipice. At twelve o'clock, there was a loud clap : and the vertex of the hill threw up in the same instant vast bodies of combustible matttr. Liquid fire rolled along the heaps of ruins. As the close of all, nature seemed to make a grand effort, and rent one side of the mountain, which was solid stone, into a hiatus, whose breadth seems to bo about two hundred yards. The summit of the hill tumbled into thia vast opening; and the top appc-ers level, which before was almost per- pendicular. All is now hushed ; but, in the places vi here the fire melted thc snow, the earth throws out the verdure ot May. At Ruthin, as two persona were foolishly endeavouring to make their escape from the danger, they were buried in a dtift. Several made their escapo from St. Asaph into the sea, and fell victims to their timidity." As this must have been publiBhedat least a year after the date of the occurrence to which it relates, in a very respectable publication, with, therefore, plenty of time to examina into its truth, I suppose it mu9t bc cousidered as au authentic account. I am not aware that it ÍB a fi ct known to geologists, and for this reason I venture to ask a place for it in your columns. If it be a fact, and BO rectnt, it Bhows how many anti much greater natu- ral convulsions may have taken place during the Middle Ages, and be now totally forgotten. None of the works on Wales which I have examined Rive any detailed account of Moelfammau, or Mod y Famtnau, und I am not aware if it hnB been examined carefully by ecologists.-THOMAS WKIOHT.-Athcnoum. A WoitD ON PETS.-The choice of pets is generally an index to character. Tho farmer entertains a dull affection for some gentle heifer, with mild, Juno- like eyes and aromatic breath. His man Giles lounge?, at leisure moment», round the sty, and fondly scratches the fat backs of the lethargic tenants with a clownish smile, evoked by visions of future Hitches. Com- munity of tastes and pursuits leads the huntsman to seek an object of affection in his stables ; and the soldier, whose life may depend on the fleetness and endurance of his charger, will share his last crust with him. A bucolic partiality for «heep can only be ac- counted for by thc drowsy placidity of rural life. The love of birds is atmest peculiar to women ; and there is n graceful appropriateness in the tenderness of young girls for canaries and other little creatures, nimble, sweet-tongucd, and sensitive cs themselves. Matrons have a thoughtful preference for poultry. Venerable BpinsterB relish the spitefulness and ! loquacity of parrots, and admire a gaudiness of plum- age according with their own icsthetic tastes. Some mental petverstty may be inferred in a young lady who pets a parrot ; and the Roaian lady who, accord- ing to Martial, fondled a snake, must have been a sour old maid.- Unce a Week. PRIDE IN FOWLS,-Fowls have plenty of vanity and pride. They are very sensible to admiration from man, and miss accustomed notice. A prize bird knows itself. The queen of the poultry-yard must eat first, end stand by the king at feeding-titne. She resists auy invasion upon her rights, and will have a prece- dence in all things. Indeed, precedence in tho court- yard seems as valued BB at earthly courts. Ago and priority of residence in the yard, not less than sizo and strength, constitute right to precedence. No dowaget ever treated young chits of girls more contemptuouily than the senior hen treats htr juniors. One has heard of a Swiss cow which died of vexation when her bell WBB taken from h<r. So did a hen of mine, long mis- tress of the poultry-yard, die of smothered pride, when a new queen-hen, partner to a new king (a pair 1 bought at a poultry-show), came into my enclosure The rival queens eyed each other for a moment sted' fastly, then rushed to the combat. The new comer, though the old hen fought bravely, was the stronger, Mrs. Mercury, as we called the old hen, from tht wing-like feathering on her legs, never attempted tc try lier chance again, succumbed in a melancholy manner, and after a few days'moping gave up the ghost.-All the Year Hound. AK AWKWARD JOKE.-A German journal gives th< following account of the disagreeable consequences at tending a practical joke; " A young student of the Uni versity of Prague, Baron Charlie de Klaveraberg, whet on his way to Vienna, towards the cad of last month stopped for the night at the Black Eaglo Hotel, m tin small town of Aretstadt, near Banslau, in Bohemia Having been requested by the landlord to inscribe hil name in the travellers' register, the young gentlemai had the imprudence to write in the column headed 11 Object of the journey," the word«, " To blow out hi brains." Thelandloid, without reading what the Baroi had written, sent rhe book to thc burgomaster in tin evening in conformity with the police regulations About ten o'clock, after the traveller hud gone to bed » soldier entered Iiis room, dre w his sabre, aud sat dowi in a chair by the bedside. On the baron's asking th reason of this intrusion, the soldier replied, " I ara sen liere to kt ep watch over you, and shall be replaced ii two hours by one of my comrades, who will be succeedci by others till ten o'clock in the morning, when you wil be taken to Batmlau.' As the soldier had said, th young baron was next morning put into a carriage am taken to Banzlau, where, by order of thc director c police, he was examined by two physicians who de claredfbathe was not insane. Ile was, nevertheless, con stantly watched by two sentinels, one of whom, i answer to IUB inquiry why he was thus treated as criminal, said, ' Because you declared your intentio to kill Yourself, and his magnificence [seine magni/iccn: the burgomaster has forbidden suicide under any prc text whatever.' In spite of all the baron could say i explanation of his joke, he was detained in clos custody, and in due time brought to trial on tho charg of writing what was immoral in a public registe The tribunal declared the offence fully establishet and condemned the accused to a month's imprison ment, a fine of 200 florins, with all the expenses ai tending his airest, custody, and trial."-Galignani. Ai-RICAN CUSTOMS.-The Anglo-African, a ne wi paper that has been started in our colony of Lago gives an account of disgusting human sacrifices in tl i'eiish town of Iworo, only fifteen miles from Logo and the success of the Lieutenant-Governor in arrea' inp, on one occasion, the horrid practice. Thc bod of a man was observed hanging by its heels in tl market-place of Iworo by some of the officers of hi Majesty's ship Investigator as she was returning 1 Lagos, with his Excellency the Lieutenant-Govern< onboard. The ship was ordered to stop, and tl Governor sent his Staff to the head man desiring ts interview, which was immediately granted. The Kin waa atked for, and his Excellency was informed th he had died eight months ago. He then advised the to appoint a successor, whom he would make the King. They refuBed to do so, and pleaded that th« t\ad ." not yet made custom for him." The Govetui replied that if they did they would not need a Kin ftr he would r.ot leave a »ingle bamboo of the ton unburnt, and asked the meaning of the scene whic appeared before his eyes. They expressed gre sui prise, believing that the Governor had forfeited o right to their respect by making reference to the sacred malters. The Governor declared that 1 would forthwith have the body cut down and buriei Of course they objected most strenously, and on Ant ing him determined to put his purpose into exeoutit they " implored, and besought, and exerted evei effort to move him, but he was inexorable." H Excellency then called a few Krewboys, who in short time took down and buried the body, whit was that of o muscular man. The paper states that th< " always select the finest men for such purposes, wi ! themselves of.'en deem it quite a privilege to have i holy and honourable a termination to life. When tl Governor told them with what severity he wou punish them should there ever bo a recurrence' of su< si orifices, some clapped their hands, particularly tl women, and maniftsted much joy, for it is well ui derttood that this as well as others of their abominab custoniB is not their voluntary act, but forced upc them by their priests or fetish men, liAYiNQ THE FOUNDATION STONE OP THE WESLEYAN CHURCH, MORPETH.-On Tuesday, tho foundation stone of the new Wesleyan Chapel was laid, with the utual formalities, hy Mr. Thomas Cowlishaw. Before pirforming the ceremony, he read from a paper the i dedication, which announced that on the 24th day of May, thc foundation stone of the Wesleyan Church in Moipeth, was laid by Thomas Cowlishaw, Esq., of Sydney, continuing with the names of the President of Conference and other officers connected with the church, both local and general. A bottle was depo- sited in a groove in the lower stone, containing the latest issues ol the Maitland Mercury. Ensign, and Leader. A short address by the Kev. Mr. Wilkinson was then delivered, in which he referred to the mani- fest improvement ho had witnessed in Morpeth since he had last visited it, and pointing out that, however they might congratulate themselves on the erection of temples of justice, schools of art or education, still they had a higher and nobler and moto glorious work before them in the erection of a building to the service of God. The party shortly adjourned to the School of Arts, where a tea meeting was held. From half past three until üve o'clock, one continuous stream of people flocked to the tables. The meeting was ad- dressed by nearly all tho ministers present, and was not concluded until abo.it seven o'clock. The amount realised by the salo of tickets was estimated at £10 ¡ r.nd by subscription, £08 19s. This, in addition to tho amount collected in the room, makes a total of £110 ls. ld. received during thc day.-Morpeth Leader. A FACT ron NATURALISTS.-About four years ago Alexander Stewart, late town officer here, had a fowl which hatchfd a black chicken, and which, after being fully grown, remained for several years aa black UB a crow. Thu fowl is now as white as BUOW. Our informant asks whether this strange transformation is due to grief or old age.-Forres Gazette. Lord Rivers has now obtained by purchase the whole of the parish ©f Farnham, in Dorsetshire. 