PUNCH'S NOTES AND QUERIES. : i. SHAMELESS PIRACY UPON OUR HONOURED AND INESTIMABLE FRIEND N. AND Q. CURIOUS LEGAL CUSTOM. Dan any of your readers inform me whether the following custom. obtains in any other place than Little Riddley works? When a person owes money to another and will not pay, the latter consults an attorney who sends the former what is called "A Law year's Letter." It is not an umiable'practice.itnd should be glad to hear that it is local only. IMPECUNIOSUS. ' QUAINT SAYING. What is the origin of the phrase " Sat upon," as applied to a discomfited person? I have sometimes thought that it may come from satis (enough), but I have chiefly heard it from the men, military officers, and others seldom rightly suspected of classical proclivities. ANTI SLANG. WANTED, A QUOTATIONS am a young author, and having just completed a work, I want a good quotation for the title page, and I dare say that some of the well-read contributors to " N. and Q." can aid me, and I shall be much obliged by any one doing so. My work is on the advantages of Industry, and I desire a motto, in verse preferred, making an allusion to the Bee, and its habit of improving time, and stocking its cells from any of the available floral sources. JUYENIS. CUSTOMS IN SOCIETY-The the ladies retire after dinner, why does the master of of the house flick his table napkin after his wife, who leaves the room last ? Is it a superstition ? And why does he take her place at the table, and say, " Now, then," as if the enjoyment of the evening was really going to commence ? And why does the gentleman who has hitherto been the most stupid and dismal suddenly begin to grin, and proceed to rattle out jokes which certainly require the absence of ladies-and of gentlemen ? As I am preparing a work on etiquette, I shall be glad of any enlightenment on these points. A NOVICE IN THE WORLD. TO LADY COMMENTATORS. In the Circulating Library at Southend, Essex, is a copy of Sir Bulwer Lytton's beautiful romance, Zanoni. There is a manuscript note in the margin of the page which describes the Apparition of the Dreadful Eyes and the Manifestation of the Unutterable Horror, and the words, written by a graceful female pen are " Truly lawful." As I think I recognise a kindred spirit in the anno- tation, I should be very glad if she would send her address to me, under cover to your office. SPIRIT RAPPER. A CLASSICAL QUEEY.-DO the best authorities at Oxford, (or Cambridge, if anything about Latin is known there) consider that Horace's phrase clear sauces implies that the ancients were acquainted with celery sauce ? GEYFFYD. PEDIGREE OF THE SMITH'S am endeavor to trace the pedigree of the Smiths of Tottenham Court Road. I have certificates as far back as John Smith, fruiterer, who lived in Holborn in 1815, but beyond this I cannot get. Can any of your correspondents aid me ? We have a tradition that a Smith was knocked down in the Lord George Gordon riots, and an aged member of the family, resident in almshouses at Aldgate, thinks that either a Smith ("a smart young dandy,") whom she knew in youth, or his friend Brown (2 who went up in a bad been") came home very tipsy after the fire- works in honor of the Allied Sovereigns, and these facts may serve as clues. I shall be glad of an early reply, for a visitor to the house lately remarked that she would not wonder if Mr. Smith got knighted one of these fine days, and it may be well to be prepared for Herald's College. SAMUEL BRADLEY, (Solicitor.) ANIMOSITY TOWARDS SPIDERS Can any of the correspondents of " N. and Q." inform me what is thought to be the origin of this feeling? I have recently married, and my bachelor study was rather profusely adorned with hangings produced by the industrious and indefatigable animal. To my surprise, during my absence one day, my wife and the housemaid cleared them all away, and in answer to my astonished inquiries, I could get no explanation from the former, except that I was a pig. I I suppose that there is some female superstition on the subject, and should be glad to be informed what, having no animosity myself towards a creature that sets authors so good an example of the poet's golden rule, Nulla died some lined. DOMINIE SAMPSON. EXPLANATION OF A POEM. Dr. Watts is usually a model of good sense. But why does he, in his moral song about nuts, make the following complaint ? " These comets, how little they are in our eyes !' Would one not rather wish that they should not be in our eyes at all, than announce that they very seldom get there? Perhaps the learned Attorney-General, who edits our hymns so admirably, would explain the passage. It would not be beneath. his dignity, for I see with pleasure that the learned Solicitor-General exhibits a picture in this year's Academy, and I am glad to see that great persons grow so affable. MEUS OCULUS. FOLK LORE.- lïidingrecently in the Regent's Park, and having some little difficulty with my horse, some juveniles, who were watching it with evident auius?nient,exclaimed .' Get inside, Sir. I do not know whether they were advising me to take the horse within felt. enclosure, but I should think not, because the gates were locked, and I am induced to believe that the exclamation was a specimen oithequaiqlf and time-honored " chaff' of the humbler classes. Have any of your correspondents an idea of its meaning COCKNEY. NURSERY P.HYMES.-The rising generation is grateful to you for allowing your correspond dents to record the interesting evidences of domestic playfulness, and in the hope that the following may be new to carry nurseries, I send it. I first heard it from, my old nurse who, I think, had in girlhood been in some subordinate situation in the family of Lord Eldon. Hence, perhaps, the allusion. to the wing, though it is, hardly probable that domestics would allow themselves to jest about the attire til their noble employer: . «' There was a little pig, And he wore a little wig, And he stood upon his hind legs, And danced a little jig." ADELOITHA. In a fine tall copy of the third folio of Shakespeare, now in my possession, the exclama-, sponsor Samlet, who has seen the Ghost, and summons his colleagues, are printed thus : " Hollo I who he I boy ! come, Bird, come." Addressed toMarcrfiits.the word " bird" would beab8urd,uulcss.Ham7e¿'s madness were breaking out very early indeed, and we cannot suppose that the elegant Hamlet would use a term equivalent to the " old cock of the colloquial latest our'time. ButT see one "Birde" mentioned as among the players of the Globe company. Was he the original Marcellus, and was this merely a note in the prompt copy, to remind him of his entrance VENERABLE BEDE, MA. [We think the criticism futile. Ifamlct may well all his friend a bird; when he calls his father an old niola, his venerable friend n fishmonger, and the players goa tleinon.-EJ.Punch't iV. the QCA SOCIAL FREEMASONRY -At a dinting party the other night, I had no purchaser break down alone to supper lost lined applied and. by some management got two wings of a fowl's three slices of ton g no, and a help of lobster salad, with some good pieces, and ice I was reta lug to eat it in a comer, when tall swell, in a very affable manner, took the plate bon me, saying, ' Just what a lady wants ' Then I saw him eating it himself I am not much used to society. Is the pleaSe a sort of pain world, to be accepted like o freemason's SignS And if so, what is its origin SIMON SOWS TAKING A SIGHT-A more vulgar and offensive gesture than what is known at "taking a sight can hardly be, and I am glad to say that it is used now only by the aviator lady in clubs and by the lowest cards at the doors of public houses Yet it had once a grave significance, and was practised by the highest persons, for Lord Bacon says, that " my IA Walainghame, being stirred to erect unto him Belt a mansion, was asked by the Queen's Male how his house prospered. ' Alack, most dread Sovereign,' he said black a spot to build it upon. The Queen, pointing through the casement of a fair domain (none of her Grace's) did reply, finger to nose, . My lord take a site,' A DUBLIN ARCHITECTS A DODGE DEFEATED. in a beautiful and exciting novel, which is now the rage in society, and which is called Emerald, or the Pardonable Parricide I find the following illusion: "Dash- ing this fair bride from him, he gazed on her in her roi-, as did Lyells the Centaur, at the serpentine incarnation." Fray, who was Lyons the Centaur P A MBULATOB, [A clover person., not to be done. We can tell me of another, who saw that your letter woman arlMpuft' for your rubbishing book, so he altered the title. TpH mvo. Hal Is Ambulator latin for Wa,lker;t-Eft, Punch's JT, 5, 6] 