THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. The scenes in the House were not confined to "the floor." In one of the committee rooms, on Thursday, an occurrence took placed, which is unparalleled in the annals of Parliament. A gentleman named Rae, from Belfast, who.has kept the Corporation of that aucient and loyal borough in hot water for the last ten years, and dragged them through almost every court in the empire, is opposing a bill which they are promoting in the House of Commons. The measure is before a select committee, of which Mr Miles Gaskell is chairman. Mr llae, as is his custom,objected to everything,and kept one witness under the fire of his cross-examining (Mr Rae is a solicitor) foi four days. Mr Gaskell and his committee did not know what to do with liim. They threatened him repeatedly by inuendo ; but Mr. Rae replied by defiances and threats of appeal to the House. At length, to get rid of him, they ordered the committee-room to be cleared. All the strangers but Mr. Rae prepared to retire ; but he said he would not stir an inch. The chairman called for the police ; and four stalwart constables entered the room and seized Mr. Rae. He clung to the bar whicb separates themembers' from thestrangers' portion of the room. A tussel and a " scrimmage" took place; and it was with considerable difficulty the police succeeded in dragging liim—for he is a very athletic man, in the prime of life—out to the corridor. He had repeatedly told the committee to commit him to the custody of the Serjeant-at-Arms if they thought fit. This they declined to do, alleging that they did not want to arrest him, but only to make him remove from tho room. Mr Rae, however, holds that his seizure by the police in the process of removal was an arrest, and announces his intention of taking an action against the chairman and the other four members of the committee. My own opinion is, that the committee have a right to clear their room at any mome.'nt without giving any reason for so doing. At all events, it is a power which Committees of both Houses constantly exercise, and which haa never been questioned before. I, therefore, think Mr Rae will take nothing by his legal proceedings against Mr Gaskell and his brother committeemen; but he frightened some of them, no doubt Mr Gaskell was as pale as a ghost, while the Belfast attorney was being for cibly ejected, On Friday morning, Mr Rae was admitted like any other stranger; but the Assistant Deputy Sergeant-at-Arms and a posse of police were in attendance to obey the orders of the committee in case of need. Mr Ba& however, no longer conducted his own cast He was represented by counsel; and the large crowd of the public who had come to witness another scene was disappointed—Correspondent ' Sydney Empire.' ? ? ? 