PROLOGUES. TO TOTJ EDITOR. Sir— It grieveth me much that men be not con tent to do Thonour to my poor name in good English prose. Wherefore should rhymes called prologues be indited for 'tea meetings' and other merry makings r i. ney were woni hj oe useu oniy in tueir , proper place— on the stage— to Bet forth the mean ing, time, and circumstance of the after-coming; play. But now, methinks, nothing can be done without prologues, let them be never so foreign to the purpose. They be plenty ob blackberries, and without the flavour. ... The rather should I thus speak now because of mine own Birthday. You love my plays beyond their deserts, which giveth me much joy. But prithee do not berbyme me after this sorry fashion:— 'But vain the task to speak his praise anght Whose honoured name ha* drawn us here to-night To hold with loud and grateful acclamation This tercentenary commemoration.' I'd as lief listen to a 'wry-necked flute, or a March wind playing psalms through the keyhole. Nay, no praise at all would be better than that which causeth pain. Here, again, be woeful lines:— 'We meet to-night, not without fears and quailing**, And crave indulgence for our numerous failings; Yet not on Shakspeare shall the odium lie, Buton ourselves for our audacity.' This be mad work, my masters 1 Honest Ben, who now and then beareth me company in these ghostly realms, fell a swearing roundly when he saw it, and gaged both his wings that the men who indited such poor conceits had never seen our plays. But I told him not to take on so. More meet it seemeth to me to let John Gardner, that learned clerk, dispose of the hapless rbymsters according to his own good j udement. I do remember me that nearly a hundred years ago a certain Garrick. aided and abetted by one Boswell and other shallow-pated felluws, did much distress me by nonsensical rhyme. They pranked themselves out, and carried on with some most admirable fooling at Stratford. But the whirliriK of time ought to have changed the fashion. Be there BosweMs nowt O. it offends me to the soul ? But, soft! methinks I scent the morning air. Ardieu; remember gHA£SpEAEE,g GHOsT- ?Hysian Fields, April 23, 186i 