CONSECRATION OF ST. JOHN'S FREE- MASON'S LODGE, TARADALE. The above ceremony took place yesterday, and excited much interest. At an early hour it was evident that some unusual business was going on from the number of notables that here and there might be seen in the township. As regards the ceremony of the consecration, we can- not, of course, say anything, it being one of the private acts of the fraternity. After the conse- cration which took place at noon in the Lodge room of the Order, the brethern, numbering up- wards of fifty, formed into procession, the various officers carrying the insignia of the craft. The Right Woshipful Provincial Grand Master, J. T. Smith, was present; also Provincial Grand Secretary, Ellis, and other Grand Officers. Headed by the Kyneton Volunteer Band, they proceeded to Trinity Church, were divine ser- vice was performed. The prayers were read by the Rev. Incumbent (H. C. Watson), after which the Revs. Hants, Wyatt, P.M., Chaplain to the Lodge, delivered an eloquent address suitable for the occasion. After a few prelimi- nary observations, he remarked that from the earliest ages the rite of consecration, had been observed. Jacob, for instance, after his dream of the mystic ladder, consecrated an alter to God, and called the place Bethel. Again, he said, after the children of Israel had come out of Egypt, God signified his pleasure to dwell with men, and a tabernacle was built to receive the divine guest; and the consecration of the gorgeous temple which Solomon built, and of which God was the architect was glorious sight. When the people saw the fire descend from heaven, they knew that God was with them. But he was equally present now to those who live according to His law, for they were the temples of the Holy Ghost. If Paul included the whole body of believers as an habi- tation of God, in which he dwelt by the spirit, the question then was, had they a place in that spiritual building. Solomon dedicated the temple by prayer. The temples of the Holy Ghost must be free of any hatred, malice, and all uncharitableness, not the less should they have their hearts swept and garnished. In the temple at morning and evening incense and prayer were offered up, and the lamp burnt per- petually before the altar. Did they as masons do the same? Were they bound with charity and love? Were they preparing to enter the Lodge above, whose maker and builder is God? The Lodge they had met to inaugurate, had chosen St. John's day for its consecration. St. John was the disciple whom Jesus loved, but yet on two occasions he had to suffer our Lord's rebuke; once on expressing with James a wish to sit the one on the right hand, and the other on the left of Christ, when he came in his glory, arid again when calling for fire to destroy the Samaritans. In the craft there was no high or low, no rich or poor; virtue alone gave prece- dence. The rev. gentleman then referred to the change wrought in the mind of St. John, as evidenced in his epistles, which he said breathed the spirit of love, and set it up as the standard by which the brethren were to be known. He also referred to the labors of St. John, who, after enduring the most excruciating tortures, and seeing the mysterious revelations which he wrote, gave up his spirit to his divine master. He concluded by calling on them to initiate his self-denying virtues and labors. The benedic- tion was then pronounced, and the congregation, which had completely filled the church, dis- persed, the members of the craft returning in the same order of procession. Curious Legislative Oversight.— At the Ban- bury Petty Sessions recently, the district surveyor having summoned several persons whose cattle he had impounded, with the view to recover the penalty of £5 in each case, it was discovered that the amended act of last session, while enacting that the owner of stray cattle should be liable to a fine had entirely repealed the only clause in the old act which gave authority for impounding them, and had omitted to re-enact it. The cases were consequently dismissed. When a man's face turns yellow as a guinea, he has a rich complexion. 