SHAKSPEARIAN LECTURES. The first of a series of lectures on Shakspearlan characters, for the purpose of increasing the fund towards founding a scholarship in the Melbourne University, as a memorial of Shakspeare, was de livered by Mr Rusden, in St. George's Hall, Thursday evening. The chair was occupied by Dr. Brownless, vice-chancellor of the University. There were also on the platform his Excellency Sir Charles Darling, the hon. A. Michie, M.L.A.j and the hon. J. D. Wood, M.L.A. The generalat tendance was very small, there not being quite a hundred persons present. . The Chairman having briefly stated the object for which the. lectures were intended, and urged its importance and suitable character, expressed a hope that all present would press upon their friends to attend the remainder of the course. He con cluded his few remarks by introducing the lecturer to the meeting. Mr Rtjsden, who was received with applause, then proceeded as . follows : — In undertaking to deliver a lecture upon one of Shakspeare'a charac ters, I have extraordinary difficulties to contend with, as Tegards my inability to cope with the sub ject ; but I have, at the same time, great support in the reflection that, however weak my comments may be, yet, when in illustrating my views I have to cite the words of the great master himself, the music and the strength . of his diction may atone to you for the discord or the poverty of mine. One difficulty which attends a lecture upon any ordinary poet, lam at least spared. It is common to en deavor to rank one's subject as high as possible amongst other distinguised authors. Shakspeare goes forth alone ; and stands the acknowledged ruler in the empire of the mind. In other writers we may often admire the aptness with which nature is copied, but in him we forget the arohitect, and look at his creations as we would at the works of nature herself. We talk of Moliere, of Jonson, of Racine, of Sheridan, of Congrevo, and we can cause a series of pictures to. pass through our minds, showing, as it were on . a plane surface, and some times beautifully delineated, the figures of a miser, a tyrant, k courtier, a spendthrift, or a libertine ; but nridei'neath each of these representations we seem to'see the name of the painter emblazoned, and we are reminded that we look upon a mockery — a journeyman artificer has been there.' But, when we ore spoken to, of. Shakspeare,' swiftly there pass before us like so many created beings Desdemona in her mute woe, Othello in his rash but prompted jea lousy; Hamlet with the burden of sorrow, which he con neither cast away nor manfully support; Romeo and Juliet as they passionately loved and early died; the terribje portraiture of the third Richard ; the ferocious gleaming of Shylock's eyes as he whets the weapon wherewith Antonio is to be removed from sight ; the mild but womanlike dignity of Portia as she pleads from the- judgment seat for mercy in language whioh only Shylock's hard heart could have repelled ; Macbeth, bold and resolute while1 honest, but appalled by the shadow of his sin, his wife, whose malignity was like that of another world, but whose delicate frame shrank under its unearthly load ; Isabel, whose gentle breast in the cause of truth or mercy could make the heart of tho haughty Angelo quail before her, but would ?'wear the impressions of keen whips as rubies,' rather than redeem her brother's safety with the sacrifice of her innocence ; Perdita, who wants not Florizel to tell' us all she did was perfect; Corio lanus, carved in the true pride of a Roman ; Crosar, whoao fortunes had taught him to despise all dan ger, because he had overthrown all who had dared openly to confront him ; Antony, whose recorded acts seemed incredible till Shakspeare showed how worlds were lost and won ; and, at the close of this long line of- characters upon whom we all have gazed, Cordelia, in her silent but eloquent anguish, gazing on the couch of that ' poor infirm, weak and despised old man, fourscore and upward,' ' more sinned against than sinning,' whose great grief made him repine because his days were prolonged, and of whom, when Cordelia was dead, the sturdy and loyal Kent exclaimed : — . ' Vex not Mb ghost I 0, let him pass, he hates him That would upon the rack of this tough world Stretch him out longer.' Who thinks of the cunning limner, as these names are recalled ? Who does not treasure the impressions they create as something only less na tural, because more sublime, than his own experi ence has made known to him ? But it is not only the capabilities of human nature that Shakspeare seems to have revealed to us— ho clothes the ab stract ideas which hang mysteriously about us in suoh language that they grapple with our senses as if wo had anticipated our hour of meeting them. Hear Claudio speak of death! Hear Portia teach the attribute of mercy ! Hear Theseus tell the functions of a poot ! Hear Hamlot moralising on Yorick's skull! Again, how tho vile fiends — envy, suspioion, hate and murder — are mndo to start into bold relief before us when Hubert is tempted by John. Put I »«9t ?wt delay tp glaaoQ at Pangea which. Indicate the genei'al p-ovvei1 of Shakapearei ; My -? business ip=n$ght is mainly with one of his charac ters. Permit the, however, to close my general allusions with that glorious passage in the last, of his works, ' The Tempest,' which shows how well ho knew the passing nature of all the world can give, or take away; but which, coupled with the first clause, of his will, ' I commend my soul into the hands of God my Creator, hoping and assuredly be lieving, through the only merits of my Saviour, to be made partaker of life everlasting ; and my body to the earth whereof it is made ' — which passage,! say, ' coupled with this clause, effectually makes known to us the fact that, endowed, as he was,' with powers such as no other man has wielded, he humbly recognised the source whence he, as well as others, derhed existence and support : — Our revels now are ended : these our actors, ? As I foretold you, were all spirits, and Are melted into air, into thin air : And like the baseless fabric of this vision, The cloud-capp'd towers, the gorgeous palaces, The solemn temples, the great globe itself, Yea, all which it inherit, shall dissolve ; And, like this unsubstantial pageant faded, Leave not a rack behind. We are such stuff As dreams are made of, and our little life \- Is rounded with a sleep. So much has been written and said about Shakspeare that it is idle to hope to produce novelties about him, and I shall attempt nothing \i the kind. I am grateful, indeed, when an an tiquarian disentombs some new facts about him, or when some verbal alteration is sug gested as occurring in manuscript showing what was really meant in some passage previously deemed obscure. But I confess I care but little for such thiners with reffard to Shaksneare. I look on him in the world of thought, as a grateful tiller of the na tural soil looks on the sun. Spots there may be, in the one or the other, and we will not dispute the accuracy of the telescopes or the criticism which detect or discuss them. But Shakspeare warms our hearts, aa the sun ripens our crops, without stint or failure, throughout the habitable world ; and when we feel the nobler impulses of ouv kind quickened by his touch, wa respond not tho less truly to his influence because there may be some spots upon his brightness, discernible by the tests of art, but in capable of depriving a grateful world of his general splendor, or of its' genial effects. He goes down to the west like a giant that has run his course, leav ing all creation richer and happier for his benefits. There are some persons, however, who think that Shakspeare gives us too much fun. To them, the dull delight of Dogberry, the quick passes of Mercutio, the large humor of FalstafF, are out of plaoe. They would have Shakspeare to be only a leading member of a ' Serious Family :' because they are virtuous in their own way with ginger-beer, no one else shall have cakes and ale. If Shakspeare had satisfied such people, he would have been sad and unnatural to the rest of the world. . 'There's a time to laugh,' said the wise man of the East. ' Dulce est desipere in loco.' It's pleasant to be foolish in season, said the shrewd courtier, in the astute times of Augustus. The want of something to unbend their cast-iron frames made our mediceval ancestors encourage or tolerate the censorious jesters of old time. We still culti vate the same kind of wisdom. We have no jesters at Court now — bnt Punch and Punch's success are only a reproduction, in a new shape, of the old idea. Unconfined to courts, however, the press scatters his playfulness amongst all, and who is so prudish as not to bid him good speed, so long as he laughs at folly, and respects virtue; unmasks hypocrisy, . and gives but a good-humored pinch now ana men to awKwara simplicity - Many people will not go to serious, places where they may be put on the stool of repentance in due form before the elders, but are yet terribly afraid of the modern hook-nosed fellow who does as much conquering in his world, and as rapidly as Crasar did in the old one. At about the age of thirty-three Shakspeare wrote Henry IV. — giving us the climacteric of his wit, hunaor,fun, and every other quality conducive to laughter. Never was such a pair as the humorous Prince Hal and the fat Knight. 'Falstaff, the inimitable ! ' says burly Johnson, perforce shaking his own vast sides. 'Antiquity,' says Thomas Campbell, ' has nothing l'ke Mm, and the world will never look npon'his like again.' ' We oftener laugh with than at him,' says Mackenzie, for his humor is infinite and his wit admirable.' ' His lies, his vanity, and his cowardice too gross to de ceive,' says Cumberland, ' were to be so ingenious as to give delight ; his cunning evasions, his witty resources, 'his mock solemnity, his vaporing self consequence were to furnish a continual feast for his royal companion. He was not only to be witty him self, but the cause of wit in other people — a whet stone for raillery — a buffoon whose very person Was a jest. Compounded of these humors, Shakspeare produced the character , of Sir John Falstaff, a cha racter which neither ancient nor modern comedy baa ever equalled, which was so much the favorite of its author as to be introduced in three several plays, and which is likely to be the idol of the English stage as long as it shall speak the language . of Shakspeare.' The prince, as he is one of Shakspeare's best, so is he one of his most beloved creations. He seems to have been driven by a strong desire to justify the conqueror of France, before his affeotionate country. He does not deny, or keep out of sight, the follies of Henry's youth ; bnt he takes care, in the first act in which the Prince appears, to put his hearers behind the scenes and let thorn know that the loose beha vior they see is bnt a foil to that, which shall come after :? — I'll so offend, to make offence a skill, ? .Redeeming time when men least think I will. BrutuB, to preserve himself for his country's service, affeoted madness. Henry Y.'s father, to win the Crown, kept himself aloof. By being seldom seen, I could not stir But like a comet I was wandered at. * ' * « : * , And then. I stolo all courtesy from heaven, And dressed myself in such humility That I did pluck allegiance from men's hearts, Loud shouts and sahmtions from their mouths, Even in the presence of the crowned king. # * * * :- The skipping king he ambled up and down. * ? * * Ho was but as the cuckoo is in Juno Heard, not regarded. * . ? * Shnlcspeare's Honry V. aimed at greatness other wise He seoms to havo thought that a repetition of his father's astuteness would have alarmed tho disaffeoted, and sot them to prepare for a struggle beforehand ; whereas, by affecting idleness, ho could disarm their suspioion and make thorn confident that o.n tUQ death oS the feth«y tho uw could, ill wtnntaia or' guafd tlia Oiwiu 14 is waiitiy ef remark, tofli that ShalsspBare makes him almost always a inora« User even arribngat hia boon companions. He up holds their idleness, indeed, but he shows in what estimation he holds it. He is the wittiest- dog. among them, and yet we are never allowed to think that' he is of them. Yet how can any be wittier than his fat Jack ? Content to be fooled, so that he may fool others, and get his ha'porth of bread to au intolerable quantity of sack—his great carcase - . bleeding jokes as it were, wherever it is pierced— he overcomes the prince with his imperturbable ? good humor — the hostess . by his bantor— the Chief Justice alternately by his gravity and wit— Mastair ' Shallow by his flatteries — and, indeed, every one by his presence of body and mind. He does not at all object to being laughed at, so long as he is a necessary companion. In the midst of his sly ' dealings with Shallow, in the country, he ejaculates, ' ''?? in a fit of (for him) business notions : — 'I will devise matter enough out of this Shallow to keep Prince Harry in continual laughter,' &c;, p. 428, act v., sec. 1. ' Men of all sorts,' he says, !' take a pride ?' ??'? ?'. to gird at me. The brain of this foolish compounded clay — man — is not able to invent anything that tends ''? to laughter more than I invent, or is invented by me. I am not only witty myself, but the cause that wit' is in other men.' A bold statement, this, for on author to put in the mouth of a character — but a true one. The fact is that all Falstaff 's wit is natural, unforced, prompt. His are not jokes ready- trussed for the table before he knows what his company are to be. He accommodates them as they come with tho most congenial viands. Self respect he has none, and he never asks for respect except when, as from Justice Shallow, he expects present profit, ' seeing no reason in the law of nature why he may not ? snap at him, as the old pike does at the young dace.' Many such foolish dace, young and old, no doubt he had devoured. As he himself says, if he were sawed into quantities, he ?would make four dozen such bearded hermit staves as Master ' Shallow. Yet, Shallow's own style is — ' Robert Shallow, Esquire, in the county of Q-loster, justice of peace and coran — yea, cousin Slender and custaLorum, aye, and ratalorum too, and a gentle man born, master parson, who writes himself armigero, and whose people have done ' so any time these three hundred years.' But to return to Falstaff. What con exceed the humor, yet the abasement, shown by Falstaff, when Prince Henry - upbraids him for running away at Gadshill ; where, after the earners have been robbed by Falstaff and others, Prince Henry and Poins attack them and seize the booty ? The virtue of the jest, according to Poins, who per suades the Prince to join him in it, being the in comprehensible lies that this same fat rogue will tell us when we meet at supper. Let uBhave the supper scene : The Prince and Poins reach the tavern long; before Falstaff, who, of course, imagines that they ran there before the robber. In he comes, fat, hot, and as savage as his cowardice permits, because of the lost booty. [Here the lecturer read, at length, the supper scene. Act ii, sc. 4.] But not even this can abash Falstaff's impudence. While he sends some one packing . from the door, Bardolph tells the tale — how Falstaff hacked his own Bword with his dagger, and persuaded his accomplices to do the same. Falstaff re-enters, and is thus saluted by the Prince : — Here comes lean Jack, &c.; . ' . Falstaff is not a coward. so much from mere fear as from a fondness for ease, and, being pretty confident Prince Henry can settle with the sheriff, goes to sleep behind the arras, and his pockets are searched. In them is a bill of particulars. Out of what small finflpa Slin.lr«nAnrfl n.nn -mnirA ?fun Tlin oAni-n%im* r\f his pockets gives occasion to Falstaff to complain of losing property in the house (Act iii., sc. £!), ' I have lost a seal-ring of my grandfather's.' Next we have him recruiting, and who but Shakspeare could have given us such a picture of the misuse of the king's press ? '! If I be not ashamed' (Act iv., sc. 2). No eye, he says, has seen such scarecrows. Yefc: when Prince Henry tells him they are pitif ulrascals, it would seem that he had made most careful cal culations . in the matter : ' Tut, tut, good enough to toss,' &c.; (Act iv., sc. 2). And no doubt his soldiers thought him a bloodthirsty fellow, who would lead them to glory. But hear him reason about the matter with himself : — ' Hal, i$ thou seest me down' (Act v., sc. 1), Douglas gives him a chance of glory, but Falstaff ia too modest for it, and shams death. Prince Henry, with a touch of true- compassion, which would have reached a heart not so utterly selfish as Falstaff s, ex claims, ' What ! old acquaintance, could not all this flesh keep in a little life?' But Falstaff is neither so frightened at Douglas, nor so touched by the . Prince's kindness, as to be driven from his joke and his selfishness. «- Embowelled ! If thou embowel me to-day, I'll give you leave to powder me, and eat me, too, to-morrow.' Wo must not suppose that, be cause wo see behind the scenes, Falstaff appeared to others as cowardly as he does to us. Shakspeare gives i him oredit amongst his contemporaries, and brings him back fat and well-liking from Shrewsbury, when whom should he meet but the celebrated Chief Justice who once committed Prince Henry, and who had lately made some awkward inquiries about tho Gadshill exploit. Falstaff's page tells him who is near, and then follows the humorous dialogue . between the Chief Justice and Falstaff. Falstaff having made auother lucky hit by capturing; a knight, starts through Gloucestershire, where he haa Robert Shallow already tempering betweon his finger and thumb. Falstaff s opinion of Prince John ia well worth attending to. Falstaff has just oaptured . Sir John Colville, on strength of which the Prince, he hopes, will befriend him. Prince John, however, bids him farewell, and Falstaff proceeds, 'I would you had but the wit.' [Act iv., sc. 3.] It did not. suit Shakspeare's purpose, nor would it have com ported with Falstaff's oharaoter, to desoribe the re covery whioh is suffered by the votary of sack ; but there is a good-humored satire in one of Thackeray's works, which I cannot refrain from reading to you. The first part might have pleased Falstaff himself , and the conclusion might have pleased the cold- . blooded Prince John : — 0, kindly harvests of the Aquitanian grape ! 0, sunny banks of the Garonne! 0, friendly caves of Gledstane aud Morel, whera the dusky flasks lio recondite ! May we not say a word of thanks for all tho pleasure wo owe you ? Are the Temperance men to bo allowed to . shout in tho publio places ? Are tho vegetariaus to bellow ? cabbage for ever ?' And may we modest Oinsphilists not sing the praises of our favorite plant ? After the drinking of good Bor deaux wine there is a point (I do not say a pint) at ? which men arrive, when all the generous faculties of the soul are awakened and in full vigor ; when the wit brightens and breaks out into sudden flashes ; ?wbea the iateUoot^ are keenest \ when, the. gent ujj wovds, and confined thoughts, get a night rule, and rash abroad and disport themselves ; when the kindest affections come out and shake hands with mankind, and the timid truth jumps out of his well and proclaims himself to all the world. How by ,the kind influence of the wine- cup we succor the poor and humble ! How bravely we rash to the rescue of the oppressed! I say, in the face of all the pumps that ever spouted, that there is a moment in a bout of good wine at which, if a man could remain, wit, wisdom, courage, generosity, eloquence, happiness, were his; but the moment passes, and that other glass spoils the state of beatitude. There is a headache in. the morning ; we are not going into Parliament for our native town ; we are not going to shoot those French officers who have been speaking disrespectfully of our native country ; and poor Jeremy Diddler calls, about eleven o'clock for another half -sovereign, and we are unwell in bed and cannot see him, and send him empty away. The old king dies while Shallow's fortunes are melt ing under the weight of Falstaff's attacks upon his jfoUy. Prince Henry succeeds to the throne, and Falstaff — pleasure bent — hastens to London to show that the laws of England are at his commandment. Happy are they which have been his friends, and woe to my lord chief justice. But vice never triumphs in the long run under Shakspeare's rule, and he has prepared what the old Iron Duke might have called a great moral lesson for Sir John. He intercepts the King with his train, ' God save thy Grace, King Hal !' (Act. v., sc. 5.) Nor is this ignominious dismissal quite enough. Shakspeare was determined to show that a life of selfishness, dissipation and . sensuality, gratified without compunction for others, without reflection and without stint, is not redeemable by the highest amount of wit and sagacity, in the ways of the world, from the vilest fate to which man can be subjected.. He who might have been the companion' of the wisest and the best, ?whose society might have charmed' a court, whose wit a senate, whose intellect, dwelling upon the beneficence of the Creator rather than on the paltry occasions of the hour among dissolute companions, might have been so cultivated that the approach of death should have given hope of brighter things instead of despair tor tnings lost — lie wnose wit in this world never . failed, never forsook him — bow at the gates of another world, inferior in mental stature to the meanest child that humbly lisps its Redeemer's name— he dies in a miserable hole in London, with none but outcasts of the world near him, whose attempts to console him would, in them selves, but for the ignorance of the wretched com forters, be an insult to humanity. Oh, never say but Shakspeare is the. truest moralist we have ! Granted, that he does not preach to us in his own person long-winded sentences, denouncing this or that crime — putting, as some writers do, whole sentences in italics to catch the eye — but show me the counterpart as a moral satire to the death of Falstaff. The celebrated lines of Pope, on the death of Buckingham, will at once occur to you as showing that, in the drama of life reverses occur, quite as startling as the close of Falstaff's career: — & He (as Dryden described him), A man so various that he seemed to be Not ^ne but nil mankind's epitome; * * * . .* ? * Blest madman, who could every hour employ, With something new to wish or to enjoy — He, abandoned by all Mb holiday friends, dies in the worst room of the worst inn, in a country town. Is not Shakspeare's Duke right when he warns us that we are never without counsellors ? That we may, even in remote haunts,- — Find tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, Sermons in stones, and good in every thing. There is but one other death scene in Shakspeare, except where death is sudden, and that is the death of the mis- used Queen Katherine, ' whom a blessed troop invite to a banquet, whose bright faces cast thousand beams upon her like the sun : Who pro mise her eternal happiness' :? — ? And brought me garlands, Griffith, which I feel I am not worthy yet to wear : I shall assuredly: This is a digression, but it is a necessary contrast to draw if we would do justice to our author. He is too universal to be fairly judged of in one aspect alone. It is worthy of remark to notice how rapidly Shakspeare dismisses his holiday fools when he has serious work for his principal characters to do, and in Henry V. the nation's triumph ? has to be cele brated. Our old friend Pistol is cudgelled to Ms heart's content by honest Fluellcn, and Bar dolph is executed for robbing a church. Mean while the poem, for it is as glorious as any epic, conducts Henry V. in triumph to the close, and will warm the hearts of all Englishmen who de serve their name, while their land's language lives. Such seems to me Falstaff's character, if wo read it aright. Those who would have the world all one holiday — who scorn the dull demands of duty and of right — will not agree with me. Equally shall I displease those who have no appetite for the salt of conversation — wit ; — those who would close their eyes upon the beauty and the grace around us — eloquent of the kindness, as well as the power of their Creator — ihose who would indeed make their earthly sojourn, if not a funeral march from end to end, yet a dirty, drab-colored procession at the best. Shakspeare wrote for a wider and better, ?world than either of these classes — the many-sided world which, like the prism, reeeives light from whatsoever quarter ; the practical working world, which, after labor sweetened by a sense of duty, . feels a right 'to enjoy whatever the prodigality of nature yieldsj or the realms of imagination can display; This larger world has accepted Shakspeare's characters as he drew them. Some, however, may1 think that, ' after all, hard measure is dealt to old Falstaff— that his miserable end might have been kept from us, natural though it might be. If any such be here, let me ask what they would think if the fattest and wittiest friend they, have were (after Falstaff's fashion) to use the polite lounge of Collins street in an afternoon for the conveyance of such uncon- J sidered trifles -as ladies' fans or purses. (See Merry Wives, Act ii., sc. 2.) Shakspeare earned his livelihood by picturing, mankind. Witty rogues there were in the world, and he showed them'; but he waa not bound to conduct them to triumph, and he punished them. Amidst his- creations, with re verence be it spoken, he sits like an over-ruling providence, and deals even-handed justice to all. As they sow, they reap. Let us read him with affectionate respect. We need not justify every line lie wrote ; though, even on tho score of delicacy of language, his writings put to the blush not only the plays of his time, but the phrases which abounded amongst tho onphuists of Queen Elizabeth's court. Ho could but mould, iiot create, tho pubHo tato ; he felt the difficulty of pleasing the public, and at the same time doing justice to that light from Heaven which burned within him. Hear what, in his own person, he says in one of his sonnets : — Oh ! for my sake, do then with fortune chide, -The goilty goddess of my harmful deeds, That did not better for my life provide Than public means which public manners breed ; Thence comes it that my name receives a brand, . And almost thence my .nature. is subdued To what it works in, like the dyer's hand. Pity me, then, and wish I were renewed.. Let us not judge rashly what was written with such a sense of responsibility. Let us fathom, if we ean, the great and good purpose which pervades his works. Doing this, we shall find him our plea santest boon companion, Host genial instructor and our wisest iriena. jciis pieasanDry spans our ±ami scape like the many-colored arch ; wisdom is let loose from his lips like rain drops ; there is no virtue which is not freshened by his praise, no vice which is not made hideous by his'frown. Let us treasure him as we ought, with the deep conviction that we ne'er shall look, upon his like again. As Milton says, he lives in our hearts ; and we may add, what even Milton's vision in his ungrateful age did not enable him to foretell — that age after age which steals with silent foot upon the world, destroying whatsoever contains the elements of decay, does but add to to the sovereignty of Shakspeare. His king dom is where all real povver among men is based— in the mind of man ; and, wherever the human race fulfils its destiny of replenishing the earth, whei'e soever the waves of intelligence may roll, there also shall his empire be found. ?' The lecturer then resumed his seat amidst ap plause, having been frequently interrupted by such evidenceof appreciation. On the motion of Mr Wood, seconded by. Mr Michie, a, vote of thanks was cordially passed to Mr Rnsden for his instructive aud interesting lecture ; and, after a similar compliment to Dr. Brownless for presiding, the assemblage separated. 