SUBURBAN POLICE. RICHMOND. —(Before Messrs M'Crae, Pinnock and Templeton.)— John. Kelly and William Wright wero each fined 5s for permitting their cows to wander ; and John Donnelly was fined 10s for tho samo offence, or forty-eight hours — Samuel Lennon was fined 5s for allowing his goat to wander. — John Cnnningham, for wilfully damaging public property by removing sand from Crown lands, was fined 10s, or forty-eight hours. — Patrick Hanhan, for tho samo offence, was fined 5s, or twenty-four hours. EMERALD HILL. — (Before Messrs Thistlethwaite and Haig.) — Mrs Bassot was summoned by Mrs Turnbull for obscone and abusive language. Tho case was dismissed, being one of thoso common eases of quarrel batweon neighbors in which one party is as bad as the other. — John Platt was sum moned by F. Risdon for debt, £1 3s 7Jd. Ho pleaded inability to pay in consequence of having Leon out of work. He was ordered to pay, with 5s costs. — Charles Grier was summoned by Mary Ann Reynolds for wages, £1 6s 8d. Tho plaintiff had been engaged for throe months as domestic servant, but was scarcely strong enough for the work, aud after two months' trial, it was proposed to her to give up hor engagement. Sho gavo it up, though wishing to complete her three months' service There was a misunderstanding, aud as sho did not complete her term of service, sho had 10s 8d do ducted from her wages. Defendant was ordered to pay 17s without costs. — Robert Francis Wilson was summoned by his wife for the desertion of his chil- dren. The plaintiff, a respectable-looking woman, stated that on Sunday morning last, while she was absent attending to her duties as a nurse, her hus- band had turned their three children, naked, out of doors ; that on her return she found the door looked, and all the furniture of the house pledged for drink ; and that, though a good husband and father when sober, he was very seldom sober. The defendant was brought into court by a sergeant, being under the influence of drink at the time. It was evident that he was suffering from deliriuin tremens, for on attempting to speak he fell trembling on the floor. The case was remanded till Saturday, and the ser- geant was directed to notify to all the publicans on the hill that they were not to serve him with liquor. A HANDSOME PRESENT has been forwarded to the subscribers of the Pleasant Creek Mechanics' In stitute It is a large colored portrait of tho Prince and Princess of Wales, drawn and presented by Miss Woods, daughter of John Woods, Esq., M.L.A. The picture being very cleverly oxocutod, is a pleas ing ornament to tho reading room and will bo re ceived with much pleasure by those to whom it is presented. It will be an object of especial iutorost to tho young friends of Miss Woods, who remember her when sho formerly resided at Pleasant Crook. — Ararat Advertiser, May 17. LUMINOUS FUNGI. — We must conclude that lumi- nous fungi are rapidly increasing in many parts of Victoria ; whether the cause proceed from the earth or the climate, or both, it is difficult to say, but cer- tainly if every season brings a multiplication cor- responding to this, they will become as much a cha- racteristic of the country as glow worms are of South America. On Saturday last, Mr Greenside, of Dutton's Gully, showed us one so large and phos- phorescent as to light up the moderately sized room in which it was placed ; and on Sunday night we observed several within an area of fifty acres, gleam ing with a dull bluish light amongst the holes on the Canton Load. As may be observed by the news papers, they are plentiful at Talbot and Ballaarat ; it would therefore appear the quality of upturned earth is more pecularly suited for their growth. These fungi may be observed in the bush, but they cannot be regarded as at all plentiful. It may be interesting to know that some of the aboriginal tribes regard them as evil omens. — Ararat Adver tiser, May 17. PRESERVATION OF FRUIT BY COLD. — A novel method of preserving fruit is practised in Indiana, U.S., which dispenses with the necessity for sugar, boiling, or cans, while the natural flavor is retained. The plan is to store the fruit in a place where the temperature can be reduced and maintained below 40° Fah., and above 32° Fah., the freezing point. To those accustomed to build ice houses this presents no formidable difficulty, and by surrounding any apart- ment with charcoal and sawdust, or other noncon ducting substance, and with the aid of ice on the one hand and a little furnace heat on the other, the preventive conditions of fermentation are easily secured. The moisture of the atmosphere is ab- sorbed by the use of chloride of calcium. These means and some attention to the action of light seem to be all that is necessary to preserve even the most delicately-flavored fruits' in their natural state. Ap- ples and grapes keep perfectly, and even strawber- ries— the most difficult of fruits to preserve in full flavor — can, it is said, be kept from, season to season. — London Review. 