M T E M T I M . THE HORROR IN THE HOUSE. IN TWO. PARTS—PART I. ( And were you near it ? Could you see it—touch it—feel it, grandpapa V ' Nay; I trust not, my dear ! But come —r-you shall have the story. One caution first. Since I have occupied this comfortable chair, as surprising story- teller and frightener -in-ordinary, have I ever enticed your young imaginations beyond" the limits of reason, and left them there? Have I exacted a blind belief in fairies? Have I detailed frightful experiences of my own in the matter of conversable spectres-r-and then fohbed you off with an after- dinner- dream ? Have I not, on the contrary, been fastidious to a fault— nay, sometimes positively tiresome, in respect of dates, names, and even numbers ? Don't you, in short* believe everything I have ever told you?-' ' Everything—everything 1' was the re- Pty- ' Except—except,' put in one of the party, ' the monster twelve feet high that you met, after dark, walking in a back-street in Brixton —because he was too shy to take exercise in the daytime,' ' Yes, yes—except the giant/ chorused the circle. ' If you don't believe my giant—-my own,, my only giant—my truest of all,' said grandpapa, sensibly affected, and hitching his chair a little apart, ' there is an end of the matter; Carrie ! my snuff- box and the paper.' 1 1 believe him, grandpapa!' squeaked a small agitated voice; 1 It was only Sophy that didn't.' ' No, no, grandpapa — only Sophy!' echoed the fickle multitude, throwing the popular leader over without further ceremony. 1 We believe everything you say. 1 Humph! we—e—ell,' said grandpapa, grudgingly accepting the rather liberal concession, and but half-pacified for his maligned monster— { now, mark me. You will have to attend carefully to what I am going to relate. The circumstances ai'e peculiar ; and the sti ing- of events whir-.h form my story, though now nearly fbrgotton—except by me —attracted at the time an amount of interest rarely centering in any occurrence of domestic life. 4 Nov/ for the ghost! * You have already imagined the dwelling in which a mysterious Horror would naturally fix its abode; a huge gray pile, halfabandoned, and a good deai in want of substantial repair—resonant and rotten—buried among old howling trees—chimneys choked with jackdaws—underground passage from the beer-cellar filled up, terminus uncertain —a wester^ chamber nailed up for fifty years,, haunted,, murderous,, with remarkable stains —the whole to be let, with immediate possession, at five pounds less than nothing, and" thanks to the plucky tenant. Do you recognize the picture, Carrie ?' 1 Yes—yes, beautiful, grandpapa! y 'Dismiss it! Sueh stereotyped ghostnurseries heve not a brick in common with my mansion. No ; the house I am to speak of was, and still is, the central one of a pleasant, cheerful, breezy, orescent of fortyfive sister-tenements—built upon a noble terrace overlooking park-like- pleasure-grounds, shaded with the walnut and horse-chesnut, the poplar and the pine, and within taste of the salt-sweet breath of that blue girdle of dancing waters, over which our French friends propose, one. of the set days, to skip, in seven minutes and a half, and swallow us up, regulars, militia, and all, even- before our riflemen can form. s '•No, 23 Grayland Terrace only differed from the other numbers in being larger and a more commodious. Some years before my first remembrance of the place, it had passed ' ^ into the possession of Mr. Archbold, a h ealthy merchant and shipowner of Birkenead, who furnished it in a style of surpassing t agnificence, and adopted it as his regular s ummer resort. The death,, however, of a m widowed sister, Mrs. Annesley, who. resided ith him—an event which occured in their seond season—gave _ . him a distaste to the spot; nd placing the house, with, all it contained, in m t the hands of the' nearest agent, the merchant returned to his usual home. Sumptuousfittings and moderate- rent insured a constant occupation; and in the seven years that succeeded Mr. Archbold's departure, four families in turn inhabited the mansion—two for a season each, one for two, and one,,.for three successive years. __ All these, especially the latest tenant, Mr. Upton, quitted it with evident reluctance ; that gentleman even leaving with regret the mansion "which had witnessed the illness and death of a beloved daughter. < No. 23 was vacant when I first took cogni R„ Jr U zan ce ofGayland Terrace, but the notice .. to speedily disappeared-the chimneys smoked — the windows ooened opened — flowers blushed in the balcony, while silver voices and laughter betrayed the presence of fairer flowers within.. A lady, with five daughters, had taken the house. Their name was Callender. The husband' and father was captain and part owner of an East Indiaman, had already realized a handsome independence, and was. at this time on his voyage home. i A brighter group I ncver"saw. Mother and children had all the same clear, dark complexion, night-black trcssey, and brown luminous eyes—gipsy-beauty refined—and what can be lovelier ? Pleasant voices, and s/lver •augl.lci - ! I hear them os T, linger with my hoop beneath their window, I waiting impatiently for my choscn lady of the j band—Bud May. Now there is a snatch of] merry music, as though some one had skipped j to the piano, and been presently chased away • —a silence, a whisper, and thon a shower of \- - ---- v „ ! rosebuds on my head, fortellin ingot my saucy; May ? In truth, they were like a knot of • happy children, home for the holidays—! mamma the leading playmate. Throuo-h some neighbours, I had got to know them, and being of a hide-and-seek, battledoor- and shuttlecock age, our acquaintance in a few days ripened into intimacy. ' Rose, Lily, Violet, (they were all named alter flowers), Poppy, and May—each of them was charming, after her particular manner. Bud Yioleb, I think, was the greatest favourite j Bud Rose was the titular belle; Lily and Poppyjwere darlings} but the real queen of my affections was, as I have hinted, Bud May, who was, besides, the merriest of the band. ' Ah, me, my children I I must go out of the sunshine, and take you with me, if you will be content with a sad tale, truly told, " What is that on your forehead, my sweet May ?" asked her mamma suddenly, one morning, as my favourite entered, and sat down to breakfast. < May passed her hand across her brow, and looked up brightly, " Ah, it's gone!" continued her mother, laughing.. " What was it mamma ? A wasp ?" M A frown, my love, and such a one as I never saw on any forehead yet, least of all my May's," replied Mrs, Callender, with a rather puzzled expression. * ' May, on her part, looked thoughtful and somewhat troubled, but quickly resumed her usual demeanour j and' nothing occurred for several days, till, one morning, Nurse Goodes, while, attending on her mistress's toilet, l hemmed and spoke: t I beg- your pardon, ma'am, but have you noticed Miss May ?" « Noticed her ? Especially? No, Why do you inquire, nurse V* She grows thin, ma'am, that's certain: but she eats and drinks, and sleeps and plays as usual. I can't make out that the dear child is ill—yet, somehow, she's not herself. For days together she will seem much as usual, then, again, all in a moment"— ' Nurse stopped. " What do you mean " There comes a look upon her that makes me quiver!" said nurse, with a perceptible tremour. I never see such a thing—J never did!:" "Good Heavens, nurse! " exclaimed the startled mother, recalling the frown at breakfest. " What can have affected her ?" " It's odd," replied Nurse Goodes'; " but she doesn't seem to know it herself! I wish, ma'am, you would come and look at her some times at night. I see the expression more strongly then, and sometimes she speaks a word or two I cannot understand." ' Her mistre?s promised to do so, and kept anxious watch upon her darling the entire day besides but May was. gayer than ever, and gave Iter no opportunity for remark. ' I passed that afternoon, which .was wet, in the house with my young friends, and we had a game at hide-ancl-seek, during which May contrived the most ingenious " hide " of the d«.y, being rooted out at last in a great apartment on the ground-floor in. which there waa a bed of extraordinary size. Upon this couch, the baffled hunters had sat down more than once in consultation, not dreamino* t]mt the crafty little maid had removed the bolster, and, substituting for it her own slight person, concealed herself to perfection with the pillows and coverlid., 'All the luxurious appointments of this richly furnished room—known as the Angel-chamber—but more particularly the bed, were objects of considerable admiration. The bed was of foreign manufacture;, madeunusually low, carved, gilt, and inlaid at the foot with malachite-. The canopy was erowned by an angelio figure, exquisitely moulded, from whose arms, extended in an attitude of protection, and from whose halfopened golden wings, descended the rich hangings of azure silk, which completed the drapery of a couch worthy of a queen. ' When that merry day was over, and the tired children had gone to rest, Mrs. Cullender stole quietly up. to May's little chamber, and found Nurse Goodes standing by the bed". Nurse put her fingers to her lips, and looked mournfully at the little sleeper. Hermistress's eyes followed hers. There was the same strange frown she had once already seen.. Now, too, the lips were drawn back, the teeth set, the innocent face wholly changed, and wearing an expression of mingled horror and disgust inexpressibly shocking to contemplate. Mrs..Callendea? scarcely recognized the child. ' Presently she murmured some indistinct ounds. • Mamma put down ^er ear. a They are rushing at me—rushing-, rushine gain ! Angel, 0 angel!" gasped May, " My child!—my May!—what is it? ake !" cried the terrified mother, clasping er. ' May woke, and the expression- passed as hough a mask had fallen. She sat up, miling, perfectly composed, and-, kissing her other, asked what was the matter. " I—I thought you was sleeping uneasily, y love," said mamma, half-fearing to see tho ook return. " Was it a dream ?" " Ah, I remember," said May lightly. " Some creatures came flying at me all round, breaking, like black waves, -against the bed, but the angel stops them always." " Missy slept two nights in the Angel-room, soon after we came," explained nurse," and had the same dream there." " But I don't mind it" said May. " Itit's that other" ' The same strange look seemed about to steal over her face again,, but she covered it with her hands. ' Mrs. Callender sat down beside- tho bed, and motioned nurse away ; she was bent on finding out the mystery. " What 1 other,' May? My little girl, you have some trouble or fear. Confide inmamma.. What is it ?"" 'May was silent for a moment, holding her mothers hand, and mechanically counting the white white fingers. Then she said: " Mamma, I cannot tell. Something is wrong with me—that I know ; but, indeed, indeed I cannot describe it. It is a sensation so quick, so sudden, that, almost before I can feel how horrible it is, it is gone! It is neither taste, touch, nor smell, yet is something of all three. I should not mind it so much, however, but for a sort of shock or spasm of sickening horror that comos with it. It is as though—as though some wickfd thingh?A toucher! m?," added the little p;irJ, in a low voice, clasping more tightly the hand she hoid. ' Mrs. Cullender's heart beat foster ; hut she was a firm and sensible woman, and addressed herself with such quiet energy to the task of soothing the poor child —mow i i .i i 'i J unnerved, apparently, by the, confession of; her fbar, than she had been by its concealment! -that she very soon attained her objoct: and i having watched her darling* into a'tranquila sleep, withdrew to confer with nurse, whom she found in the adjoining apartment, weepingbitter^. " 0 ma'am, ma'am !—0 my dear lady !" sobbed Nurse Goodes. " Take -her away— take the darling away!" " Away, nurse ?" " Away from this dreadful house. It is not for a Christian creature to live in. Charlotte says so." " Charlotte ?" " Old Charlotte, the charwoman ; she that was here, off and on, in Mr. Archbold's time. She knows that Mr. Archbold's sister was warned in the same way. Her brother laughed at it, and so did she, for she was a high-couraged lady, Mrs, Annesley—but she was touched six timfts, and took." " Touched and taken I. Are you mad, you silly thing?" exclaimed her lady. "For mercy's sake, nurse, for my child's sake, beware how you give utterance to any such folly! As for old Charlotte, I shall talk to her myself to morrow," < The next oay, a medical gentleman, their neighbour—rin consequence of a private missive from Mrs. Callender—made a purely accidental visit; and pretty May, who happened to be alone with her mother, was subjected to some professional questionings. Mr. Mawry was forced to admit that she looked worn and thin, but was utterly unable to detect any symptom of disease j consequently, as nothing is avowedly the most approved remedy for nothing, he sent it to her in the form of some prettily coloured medicaments,, that might have been swallowed with impunity by a delicate bee. 1 But, in spite of the absence of medicine, in spite of care and vigilance, in spite of soft spring winds and strengthening food., Hud May began to droop and fade. So no more hoop, and hide-and-seek, and rustic rambles, : for my little queen.. Prom the strong seabeach to the terrace-walks, from these to the sofa, from the sofa to her own little chamber, poor May fought the battle of her fragile life, till the most sanguine of tlie surrounding hearts durst hope no longer. Change of air and scene had been suggested j but the doctors—another had been called in—at once declared that nothing could be so well adapted to her seeming* condition as. the clear soft; climate in which she already breathed! As for change of scene, the little patient herself so. earnestly, almost passionately entreated that she might not be moved elsewhere, that the idea waa instantly abandoned'. ( One other request the little maid preferred, that she might be placed henceforth, in the Ang( t-chamber, until—until—— It was done,*: and now, as tlo;igh she had nothing more to ask or wish for, Bud May sank quickly and silently away . ' I have not told you what,, all this time, I . felt and' did. I knew that my little princess was dying—going to. God—yet I dared not dwell much upon the loss to myself: selfish regrets m s?3 out of place, could have- no part or lot in such a matter. Still, I was notforbidden to sorrow with- and for the rest; and many a day have I sat waiting patiently for the hour that sometimes saw me admitted for a moment into the Angel-chamber, to. kneel beside the goldeu bed, and kiss the little waxen hand that faintly welcomed me ; 1 May loved soft music; and we soon found that her greatest solace was to be left entirely alone, to gaze upon, the shining countenance of the majestic angel, and to listen to the low sound of -some sacred melody chanted by Violet from a distant room. ' One evening-—it was the 10th of April— the fact of our invalid's having been somewhat better in the morning had' emboldened me to bring with me a beautiful kilten, of which she had once- expressed her admiration. May was delighted, fondled it heartily, thanked me with the only kiss she had ever bestow el, and bade m8 leave the soft purring thing with her for awhile, and return for it before I left the house. (To be conthied.} 