' ' , THE, SHAK8PERJE FESTIVAL I ,TnK.8lratford Tercentenary Slmkeaporeon Festival bogati' on tbe 23rd with a banquet, nt willoh tho Earl , of Carlisle, SreSidod,<ond gore toast of the « Memory of Bhukeipere.". [any distinguished persons-were present, at toe 'baaqnet, and tho opening oeromony may bo said to bare boon'really . - successful, Generally, throughout tho kingdom tho event, ? was celebrated in» charaotenalio manner,. In .London, the . Working Men's Committee planted' nu oak on Primrose 'HUI, Mr; Phelps officiating. Tho oak was n young 'ono, supposed to be'twenty years old and selected by the' Chief .Commissioner of Works on behalf of her. Mejiaty. In Man- dles tor, tho day waa marked by theatrical porformnnaea and SbakoBporean readings. ( 'In Birmingham, tho ." Bbakeaptro Memorial .Library,'! consisting exclusively cOo- iks inspired hy or referring to tho works of Shakespero, was opoued Afc Birkenhead a ffrooTjIbrary-'wai opened j hnd ii treo planted ; find ao'ive'mli<ht enuUuiorato a Booro of, other places Wera similar proceedings wont forward. Kot tho least interesting mode of colebratiug the .rent WM au »clor'« capper, held at (her Freemasons' Tavern, at midnight^ on (he Í2nd, Mr, ft. Webster wa» tn the chair, Mr, Buckstone in the vice chair. Appropriate speeches were of ooarte, delivered, and av sp2oIal sonnet by Mr. Brougham, specially sst to mosio by Mr. A. Mellon wai song bj acoomplïsïed band of Tooalista, in London, the only pabilo celebration consisted of a shabby procession of working roan who went to Primrose« hill to plant an oak from Windsor Forest' in honour of Shakespeare. Handbills had bson sent about, and dropped into areas begging aid and attendance ; bnt the gathering; was the most contemptible and ridiculous probably ^evtr witnessed in a metropolis which can count np more failures in this way than, probably, aar other in the world.' The '? distinguished " company coÙested on the 'ground'con« cisted of Mr. Paul Bedford, Mr. Toole, Mr. Hepworth Dixon and Mrs Hepworth Dixon, Dr. W. Marston, and . few more. Mr. 8. Phelps planted the tree, a lady christened it, and then the crowd, having, as it turned oat, reallyeoU leoted for a v. ry different purpose; formed themselves into an indignation meeting abont Garibaldi. ' From this inten- tion, however, they were driven by the polioe, and th« Great National Committee which commenced a few month« ago by insulting Thackeray, very nearly gave up the ghost ia the station-house. 