, OUR LONDON LETTER. WE devote all our available space to the publication of the news by the English Mail, and we substitute the letter of our Loudon Correspondent for our ordinary editorial matter:— SKIT. 2G. The one absorbing topic of the tnonth has been the capture of Muller, the supposed murderer of Mr Brlggs, perhaps I ought to make an exception of the last tea dsys, duriug which our attention lias been divided, half being given to this German " soft looking" boy and the otlicr half to such trivial subjects us the war in Amerca, the proposal of the Uussinns to make adash at the Australian colonies, in case we had gone to war for Poland, the meeting of the British Association and a few other subjectB D -y after day we have been dosed with Muller. How he looks, what he has for dinner, whal he reads, what are his opinions on Pickwick, and David Copperfield, every little details of bis conversation and bis appearance, are all described in our daily papers. I am not going to bore your readers wiih these details, and shall dismiss Muller with < ne or two remarks. First then, bis chance of escape looks very slight. The co incidence of the finding of his bat in the carriage where the murder was committed and of Mr Jiriggs's hat in his possession; the positive iudeniification of Muller by Mr Death, as the ruun who exchanged the murdered man's chain, and the discovery of Briggs's watch in Muller's box, are terribly strong pieces of evidence. Second, in his favor there is the declaration of the last mm who saw Briggs before his murder, that two men were in the carriage with him; that Muller appears much too sle ider a man to have done the deed, and got rid of his victim in so i short a time, and that, on tfe supposition of his guilt, he is as great a fool as a scoundrel. If he is guilty lie has taken apparently no pains whatever . to escape. His voyage to America was planned weeks before the murder, and talked of freely among his friends. He Darned the ship by which he was going; after the murder went by that ship, and sent a letter bv t he pilot at the very last moment, thus making everyone sure that lie had gone by her. Instead of choosing a quick sailer, he cliuse a vessel which it cannot be supposed he did not know would be orertaken eH6ily by the regular liuers from Liverpool. Lastly he kept the murdered man's hat in his possession, and thus gave the strongest link in tiie chain of evidence against him. The Prince and Princess of Wales have been paying a visit to Denmark. By many it was believed that the visit was ill-timed. Ever since the refusal of England to fijlit for the Danes, English- men have been very coldly received. But, contrary to these expectations, the " Sea King's D.iu^liter from over the Sea, Alexandra" and licr husband and baby have been heartily welcomed. Indeed tlie good fortune which has raised an almost private family to the throne of Denmark, and which lias made one daughter first lady of England, and a son, a very simple one by all accounts, ICiug of Greece, has not yet deserted them: for as a sort of set-off against the late war, it is announced that the Princess Dagmar is going to marry the heir to the throne of all the llussias. The newt from America is unusually interesting. We are hourly expecting a great battle between Grant nod Lee. While no action of importance has taken place in Virginia, elsewhere, the forces of the Federals have been busy, and everywhere with success. General Sherman, at the beginning of this year's campaign, announced his intention of marching from the sea coast of Georgia inland, as far as Atlanta and capturing that town. In face of great opposition he has fulfilled his intention and has captured Atlanta. Since the loss of Vicksburg and New Orleans nothing has been more damaging to the South than this. The town wsa well fortified, and though it did not contain as much ammunition and materiel of war as was expected it yet amply rewarded the invaders. The election of president, which is to take plnce in November next, is causing a great deal of political excitement. The race will be evidently between Lincoln and M'Clellan. The first is nominated by the republican party, and the second by the democrats. The latter are much divided among themselves, both about their future policy, and the mail whom they wish to elect. A great meeting has been held at Chicago, the great north western capital in which the democrats agreed to join in supporting M'Clellan. As in such a country there is sure to be, there is a section of the community who are anxious for peace at any price, and to obtain the support of tliiB section, they issued a decidedly peace programme. By this means tliey also thought to obtain the aid of that larger portion of the community, to whom success is everything; who are ready enough to prosecute the war if they see any prospect ut winniug, but care very little abuut the principles fought for. Now just at the time the convention met a Chicago, there seemed very little chance of winning. Grant had done nothing, and the year seemed to be slipping away without ' any definite results. iicuce the democrat leaders determined to go on a peace platform and accordingly " peace" was the watch word. But unfortunately for these calculations, hardly hud the programme been issued than there came the news of the great victories of Sherman aud Farragut. Hence in M'UelUn's letter ucccptinj the nomination, we have an entirely different set of views held. The camp of the democrats is again divided. M'Clellan declares that peace can only be gained on condition ot a return to llie Union and altogether issues a decidedly warlike address. The liepublicaus, meanwhile, are at work, mid seem to take " old AjjeV advice " not to swap burses when you're crossing a river." The general impression in JSuglaud is, I mink, that Lincoln will be returned. He has lately confirmed Ins ciiiancipaiio.i proclamation, and everywhere tile negro is being set free. Numbers of men who were opposed to turn lour year ago are now oi» his side. Tne abolitionists, that is to say the extreme repub- licans, are for hitn almost to a man while many who were half republicans, and lukewarm at the beginning of the war, uow that war lias brought the question of slavery to a distinct issue, nre must eager that the struggle should not end until a linal settlement be giveu to the slavery question. U. IV. Emerson, perhaps tile American thinker best kno*n to Englishmen, is one ot these uien. Four years ago he appeared to have little interest in the question, and iiever^eems 10 have felt that deep interest in it, which his great eottinpoiary, Theodore ParUer, tell. On the issue ot the Emancipation Proclamation, however, lie came forwurd boldly in lavor of the war. and has since been one of its prominent supporters. The Uritish Association for the advancement of science, has just completed its yearly meeting. It wqs presided over by Sir Cuaries Lyell, and was held at liuih. The suojects which attracted most atfentiou in it, were geoiogy aud geography. The attention given to the first, was owing to the fact that its president was a geologist, and. that given to the second to the presence of Dr Livingstone, Captain liurtou, and Captain iSpckc. Tne latter gentleman, the discoverer uf the source of the Niie, accidentally shot himself only two days before that on which he had promised to give an account of his travels, liis unfortuuate death threw a shade of melancholy over the whole of the suusequent proceedings Livingstone gave a very interesting description of bis last journey in Africa, Bishop Colcnso was present. On tile .evening of theadJress, as he nude his w ,y on to the platform, he was received with a few cheers by : those who recognised linn, and by a few hisses. As Boon, however, as the hisses were heard, and, it was learnt that it was Oolcnr.o they were hissing, he was welcomed with a hearty round. Wlierever else he was seen his presence was the signal for cheering. Aprupos of Coleuso, 1 may uicntiou that he has been taking part ill a service iu Claybrook, in Leicestershire. He as invited to preacii there. Coleuso accepted the invitation, but it was soon uuderstq.nl that the Bishop of Peterborough would uot permit the termon to be delivered. U,.i the day previous to lli.it announced, Bishop ColeiKo appeared at the vicarage of Uayimiok as Mr dolinsnii—the Vicar's guest, fulluwing liiiu came Jir Gates an u<ent ot the l<jsbop of yeieroorougli, who from the way lie discharged liis duLy, is probably some pettyfogging count.y attorney.. M.r liale.i served an iutiibitioii uu the Vicar,, forbidding liim to allow Dr Cjleuso to preach, and attempted to serve the bishop in the bd.ue luBbiuD, out as be did not avow in straight loroard ikstiiuu wuat he wauted witb OJIOIII-J, when lie asked to see ULucius twiueaS, was refused. Mr Uaiea w^t a, B aj. t ^djlt /MajUitx^lit there «u un end to his not very pleasant commission. Baton Sunday morning an agent of Mr Gates, appeared at llie Church door, holding a document in his hand, which be tried to give to the bishop. A friend of Dr Coleuso interposed and prevented this, and during the altercation that ensued the bishop and Mr Johnson passed into the Church. The lawyer's clerk who seeuis to hive had no notion of the sanctity of the Cburfb, and who possibly had heard of " serving at the altar," went through the Church 10 the Chancel, and to the altar while Dr Colcnso was engaged in prayer, and began to tslk to hitn. When this failed he served his inhibition by throwing the document at liim while lie was 8(111 engaged in prayer. The paper fell harmlessly, and was allowed to re' main were it fell until the conclusion of the service. The bishop did nut preach, but in the evening addressed a large congregation, first, in the school-room and subsequently on the village green. Ou the very same day that this scene WRS enacted down in Leicestershire there wasanother taking place in London of perhaps a still more curious character. At a church in Munster square brother ignatuis was announced to preach. This brother is one of number of young men who have established a : monastery at Norwich in connexion with the English church. Owing to a sore throat Ignatius ' did not preach. The church where he had been invited would astonish old colonists who havj not ' seen some of the wonderful and picturesque developments of the English church during late years. Of course there wai a cross on the altar, together with lighted candles during the communion service. The priests wore each three crosses with a long black jjown (I am not up in the names of ecclesiastical millinery), and over that a very short white surplice close fitting. Instead uf the usual collage hood there was a variety of dresses, grepn, purple and gold which were put oil' and on in a way aud at times, which to the uninitiated is alto gether puzzling. At one portiou of the service the incense thrown about was so plentiful that the priests could hardly be seen through it. Of course on passing the altar everybody bowed. The sermon instead of bpiug preceded by one of the collects, was introduced simply by the priest turning to the altar and pronouncing the words " In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the lloly Ghost." So much for the English Church in Munster Square, But dozens of other high churches are equally well or ill conducted.—just as individual taste differ, JJC guslibus rum est dispvtandum. Brother Ignatius you have probably a good notion of from his photographers. He looks youug, not more than five and Lwenty, I should imagine, aud speaks well. He dresses as a monk with cowl aud sandals, and his head is shaved in the proper fashion. Lis; week I heard lie was in York, wnere he visited the newly erected Catholic Cathelral, and was taken by llie people for one of their own monks, lie went to the altar and after remaining sotne minutes in prayer before it, left the church. At present lie is delivering lectures in the large provincial towns, .Manchester, Newcastle and so ou. He is good looking, and when iu the midst of the hissing which occasionally greets him, clasps his hands aud looks to heaven iu prayer, lie looks almost angelic. Such is the power ot his maimer, and of the quietness of demeanour, that he generally manages to gain a lieaiing. ' The religious services commenced at the theatres by various clergymen and ministers are still going 011\. L ist night I liearu iu one of them a distinguished low church clergyman preach. lean say ' uiost emphatically that the greater number of the very large audience were raeu and women who never enter a church. Hence these services ure probably , doing good. i While speaking on matters ecclesiastical, I may j as well mention tuat a furious controversy is raging 1 in London between Spurgeon and the Low Church party. Spurgeon published a sermon in which he uffirmed first, that the church of j England distinctly teaches 13a. tisinal Regeneration and second, that the Evaugelical clergy 1 : disowning and disbelieving this doctrine, yet most distinctly gave their lull assent and consent ! to it; in other words that they stand guilty of diehonesty. Controversey is bitter already. Here tor Ij examp.'e are some of the titles of pamphlets on the subject, " Spurgeon settled," "Oil which side is Dishonesty ,""Au Artful Fox," "Great is Diana,or Mother I Church and her Bibes," " A Last Word with Spurgeon." The odium theologicuin you will see is pretty strong. What with Colenzo, Brother Ignatius, the Low Church and Spurgeon, there is little danger of tneological questions getting dull. 