I - WINDE OB» TOÜNS MEN'S MUTUAL IMPBOVEMKNi; SOCIETY: TH* fi II annual netting of ibe membera of tbii aooletj waa bald on Friday evening, Ibe 6ih instant, in Iba. Wesleyan Schoolroom. There was . good attendanoe of membera, arid ooo aider able enthusiasm displayed. The Rev. J. _W. Dowgo», president of the soelefy, presided, and said he «aa happy lo be present at suoh an interesting meeting. He remembered the first meeting be'd.endconfeeeed to being[rather discouraged ; then only a few attended, and it certainly waa a day of smsll thing*, battle namber of members had increased ; and although Borne bad oeaaed to attend the meetings, had grown weary'in well doing, their interest having failed when the novel y passed off, yet altogether the institu- tion bad been a deeided Buaoeer. Some of those wbo bad joined at the outset hid k-pt op Ibeir inUrast.end were ' still membera, and the faot of their continuinee con- vinced bim that tome bent fit had been derived from their meetings. There bad been great improvement latterly ; there was tnuob encouragement, and be boped during the osrolog year to seo still greater improvement I and more marked progress. He then offered aome i suggestions as to the desirability of having; occasional I lecture?, arid of establishing In connection with the aoolety a Band ot Hope, and called upon Mr. Salitbur j; the honorary leoretsry, to reid the report. I Thocom-nltteeof the Windsor Yoong Men's Mutual Improve, uni Sooloty bavo groat pleasure lo aubmllting tboir first annual report, and congratulate the membera on the auooesaful termina- tion of the first year. Although come have prophesied but a ahort lifo, weare yatkin existouoe, with theproapoct of living a I little longer. This society originated from a preliminary mooting ' convened by our président, and oar Jlret meeting was 'hold July 3U1.1863. ' ! On the annlveraary of the oolony, we hold a mint, oar objeot being to bring tho eoclety moro prominently before tho pablio. On tout oocaslon Ibo Windsor Choral Sooloty rendored valuable assistance The undertaking proved successful, and affordod great encouragement. | A oodo of ralos bsa been earefut'y framed and adopted. Oar raoetlnga . are hold weekly, in tho Wesleyan eahootroom, and the aubjecta which ongsge onr attention ara aa ? follows :-Scriptural eessya, eo:oct rosdlogs and root- ! tatlona, debates and acientlfle aubjecta. Under thea* holdings, we have bad easaya on- Tho Cronton, by Mr. Walkin: ' the Fall of Man. by Mr. Goodluoh ; the Effects of tho Fall, by Mr. ' Hopkins : tho Deluge, by Mesara. Galloway, Beveridge, Colline, and Pideook; lha Confusion of Tongues, by Ur Watkins the Call of Abraham, by Mr. Salisbury; Abraham's Lifo and Charactor, j by atesara. Walkin, Dean, Lowater, Loutit; Jacob's Lifo and Character, by Mr. Hopkins; Joseph's Lifo and Character, by Mesara. Walkin and Loutit. Tho readings and reoitallora havo boen very numerous. Tba'following ls the list of debates :- I Education, abould it bo secular f Ia tho Folleo System of New South Wain efSolent ? Fis» Ibo Dlaoorery of Gold beon bona. Halal to tho Colonies ? Wero the Southern Statoa justified in seceding from Ibo Union? Ghost», aro they a roslin or not ? JProteolIon to Nativo Industry, ia lt dealrablo ? Municipalities aro they advantageous? Tho propo-ed Tariff, would lt have l boon advenlaffeane? Nanalonn and Wslllnainn uliinl.»... ii.. greaten general 7 Tho aolenlido euhjeola have been :-Eloo. .rielly, by Mr. Doan ; Photography, by Mr. M minston ; l'hrennlogr, by Mr. Galloway ; Anatomy, by Mr. Pldoook ¡ Steam, by Mr. Landay, junior ; Ibo Iluman Ëyo, by Mr. Pldoook ; the effecta of Aloohnl on tho Blood, with oxperlruout-.bv Mr. Salisbury. Tho rellring-oiBoera are-Hov. J. W. Uowaon, proaidout ; Mr. W. Dean, vioo.preeldont; Mr. Salisbury, aeorelary ; Mr. Linday, .reataron and Moaara. Walkin, l'idocok, Vusby, Lowater, and Tales, committee. It will be yonr duty,aooo.dlng to rule,lo eloot officers for the ensuing year. Inoonoluilon.your oommlttco.in roil *nlng their oftToe, would urge upon the mombera tho ncceaalty for renewed oxorttooa and «eal in promoting tba intercala of thia aocioty, willoh baa pruyod highly bénéficiât to Ito membora ; and truel tho oomlng yoar will bo ono of uuptooedontod auoooaa. The treasurer, Mr, LANDAY, read tba flnanoial state- ment. Mr. J.H. WATEIK moved tbe first resolution-"That tbs report now read be adopted." He said tbat be tonk tba liberty of thinking, and took the liberty of Baying that be didt>*( think another yonng men's sooiety, bow. ever high*Bounding its nemo, howev.r numerous or intelligent its memb:rs, oould produoo a belter report. He did not refer to the composition of tbe report, aa snob, bul to the history oontained tbereio ; and be felt proud of their yeat'a performances. Hs congratulated tbe meeting on Ibo successful termination of Ibe first year, and wiBhsd many happy returns. Winter and spring, Bummer and autumn bad pasted, and the aoeiely was ytt in existenoo. The retrospect WIB a pleasant one, reminding of many pleasant evenings, of many profitable honra. Some familiar faoss were absent-separated by mount, and atreatn, and ses; - bot it waa interesting to know that those who bad gone still kept up their interest, and one waa endeavouring to ioaugurato a aimilar acoiety in the land ol bis adoption. He believed tbat, by the agency ot that sooiety, young men .pad been induced to tbink wbo never before thought to any purpose ; that young men had been induced to read, whose reading previously waa of a very aupir&oial; ohcraoterindeed; and that some bad been induced to write, who never bad, and never woold have attempted anything in tba woy of original compositlcn, and wbo dare soy they hadn't implored? But leaving the psst be wonld apeak of tba future. They lived in eventful limn; the watchword Was Onward, ,the banner held .so firmly bad wrltlsu on lt Emhlnr : th« nantlnele were on the alert, they muat not lag behind in the march of intellect, bat moat to the front, bain tbe tbiok of the fight, the foremost among the valían'. They bsd a task in hand ; Iheaa young man's soeietiea were destinad to play a very important part in the world's history. Union was strength. Their iffjrle were not to ba despised-Ibe shepherd boy became a Wog, the drummer was exalted to A throne. Borne wasn't built in a dsy. Th3 ooral reefs wbish B'ui tbeae southern sees, proving so dangerous to the mariner, wera tbs work of a liny j insect, Tbis sooiety was the germ which, by skilful training and watohful attention, would become a mighty tree, spreading abroad its branohea and yielding tho delicióos fruits of eduoatlon. This was the spark wbiob, by vigoróos fanning, abould beoome a bli z ', flashing light into the darkneas of superstition-electrifying, vivifying, Tbis wss tba tiny rill, which should become a mighty river, causing joy and gladness and fruitfulness in ils oourse. Mr. W. DEAK seconded ibe resolution, snd ssld be was extremely gratified at taking part in so interesting a meeting, and if he could only dlveat himself ol his extreme nérvoueneBB, he might get along better; any. how, be intended to do bis best. That meeting waa a great auosess. If, three years before, any person bod predicted «that such a society could ba established ia rVindBor, the idea would have been laughed lo Boom, It waa indeed a great thing to gather twenty or tblrty young men together week after week, for mental and moral improvement. And Ibis sooiely had been tbe meena ol preventiog matty falling into a BUte of degradation unworthy of oar raoo, and saving thom from a position disgraceful to oar oonntry. Some portion of the yontb of Windsor, at any rat», ware endeavonring to improve their minds, and were Becking ofter knowledge. Some were present at that meeting ah) bsd been stead, feat from tbe oommenoement ; some bad left; Borne who bad been membera were gone-gone, not to enjoy better aooiety, or spend their time in more profitable ways, bot many of tbem wonld be recovered ; one by on» they wonld find their way bsok again, and rally ronr al the sooiely, and if the present members were only alive to their privi. leges and wonld stand by they would see their aooiety donbled and trebled. Ho then said that there was work for all todo-there waa» tim prepared for ell, and they ought to flt themselves. He trusted that they would not be oontent with mere sconlar improvement, but aim al something higher. He also referred to the need for establishing a temperance sooley, atatiog that bia first speooh was made at a teetotal meuting, and he wonld not mind il his last one was. also delivered on snob an oeaaeion. The resolution was pot and carried. Mr. LANDAY. in a few appropriate and oomplim?ntaiy remarks, proposed, and Mr. YATIB, In o spero.' obarao lerised by good serse, aeoooded a vote of thanks to tbe President lor bia pact year's services, which was unanl monaly aooorded and feelingly acknowledged. Mr. J. H.rKtNi moved a vote of .thanks to Mr. Dean, the vioe.president. He said that meetibg «as an unusual thing-quits 'a wonderful o-rent-In the history of Windsor, and afforded great encouragement. He Bpoke highly of tbe' viee.presidenl, not flattering, but com. mending,-flattery was praise undeserved, commenda- tion was praise deietved, ' MK BALipnuiuf, wbo'oontidercd the sooiely a great boon-a counter attraction to the theatre, ball-room, and billiard t.ble- seoonded the résolution, wbicb, liko tba previous, was declirod carried, and suitably rec» ponded to. titi PIOOOOK moved a vote of (banka to Mr. Baliabury, the Bcoietar», being Ibe first resolution be bad ever pro* posed. He bore testimony to the labours of Ibe seora* tsiy, expie'sod bis great Interest in Ibe sooiely, and en Mr. LAHDAY, junior, ascended, and tba motton «aa duly honoured, and tbaakfally acknowledge?. -L A tote of tbanka to Mr. Linday, tba troaBurer, and the aame oompliment to tba oommlttce eonolnded the com pllmenttry patt of Ibe proceeding*, and :the meeting proceeded to tbe elcotlon of cfficora tor the maning year, who ara aa follow*! t-President, Rev.' J. AV. Dow. eon ; vlee-preSldenl, Mr. Yfi Dean'; eearetary, Mr. J. li. Walkin; treasurer, Mr J. Billabar; ; o)mmlltre, Mrs .rn Pidooek, Yatee, J Hopbine, 13. Hopkins,' «nd Colline. Toem:eiing, wbloh waa moat interesting and enter- taining, waa tben concluded, and the membera sep: rated evidently datarmlued lo keep np their int.TC at, and make their loekty a tattling institution, 