ALL ENGLAND ELEVEN 7. TWENTY TWO OF NEW COU in WALES. THE RETURN MATCH. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, MONDAY. Play was resumed this morning at half-past eleven o'clock, Tinley and Caesar re- suming their place at the wickets, and Moore and Gilbert bowling. Heavy rain had fallen during the morning, and it was feared that the state of the weather would necessitate the F astponement of the match. The ground was saturated with water. Ctajar did not add to his score of the previous evening, and was caught by Morris, off a ball from Gilbert. One wicket for twenty-six. Anderson followed, and in the next over Tinley was stumped by Fowlie, off Gilfcsrt, for nine. Two wickets down for thirty-one runs. Hayward succeeded Tinley, and made a long stand, batting splendidly. Moore succeeded In bowling Anderson, after the latter had made seven. Three wickets had thus fallen for thirty-three runs, and the rain had now become so heavy that play was stopped for a time. At two o'clock, the game was resumed, and Carpenter, who has succeeded Hayward, was bowled, without scoring, by Gilbert. Four wickets for thirty-six. Carlyn went in next, and by careful play had made seven singles, when a ball from Lewis (who had relieved Moore) found the way to his wicket. Five wickets for fifty-one. Grace followed Caffyn, and had made six when he was caught and bowled by Gilbert-, Six wickets had now fallen for sixty-four. Hayward was still batting magnificently, and saw his comrade Lockyer bowled by Lewis, after scoring nine. Seven wickets for seventy-five runs. The weather by this time bad brightened a little, and there were now about 1200 persons present. His Excellency the Governor occupied the box prepared for him. Jackson followed Lockyer, and Hayward soon afterwards was given out, a ball from Lewis having glanced off his bat on to b's wicket. His score was a fine one of twenty-one. Eight wickets down for seventy six. Jackson had made fifteen, when he was caught by Moore off. Gilbert. Nine wickets were now down for ninety-six. Parr succeeded Hayward, and Tarrant followed Jack- son. When the stumps were drawn Pair and Tarrant were still in the former having made sixteen, and the latter three. The score stood at 110-or eight more than the Twenty two score, with nine wickets down. The score was as follows: . ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN, FIRST INNINGS. Cases-, c Morris, b GHost 17 Tinley, st Fowlis . 9 Anderson, b Moore. 7 Hayward b off but Lewis 21 Carpenter, b Gilbert 0 Caffyn, b Lewis 7 Grace, c and b Gilbert 0 Lockyer, b Lewis 9 Jaskeoa, c Moore b Gilbert 15 Parr, not out.. 36 Tarrant, not out. 3 Total ... 110 