To the Editor of the Toowoomba Chronicle. Sin— Passing along tbo Gowrierond tbo other day (Friday, I bclicvo,) was scon a solitary horseman, dressed iu tho uontcst and most approved fashion, his hands incased in a pair of tho finest kid glovos, of spotless white, emblematical of his innoccnco. no was oviaenuy tti uocp tliouglit, nud as he rode along tho road on his borro wed nag, ho soliloquised iu this strain— " What if 1 should miss Aim, and that " fellow" have the first word? How nnfnrin. nato 1 A member of Parliament carries some weight, bo lie what he may. I havo lost tho post offico, tho clerkship of tho gaol, what if I loso the only chanco of obtaining a government billet? Perdition, if he should uot bo thcro ! Thcro is one 6tiug little billet I am anxious to obtain, nud I am really afraid I shalWoxciti I have a misgiving, that, notwith standing my ftilsomo nraiso in Aw behalf, croakers hnva mado him ncquniutcd with my position. But. nil desnerandum By this time Gowrio appeared in tbo uistanco, and, spurring his horse forward, our travollcr was soou at Gowrio Itouso. "Tho Minister for Lands and Works" was not there, lie was nt Eton Valo on tho night previous. Tho disappoint ment depicted on thu countenance of tho unfortu- nato traveller, who byo-thc-byu is a distinguished member of tho Municipal Council of Toowoombn, was painful to behold. Applying whip and spur to his borrowed nag, ho soon left Gowrio behind him. Ilis gloves wero uot as whito as when purchased from tho storekeeper, nor was his temper at nil serene. IIo was heard to cjaculato as. .he rode hot your faith in Princes, nor in any son of man/' Toowoomba was soon reached, tho Minister for Lands and Works was not seen, the billots could not bo obtained, and, an earthquake or somo othor frightful disaster must follow. Yours in haste. THE G1IOST OF GOWRIE. January 2 tin, ibffj, Piiotoorai'iiic Advances.— Tho latest discovery in photographic porlraiture is said to bo an inven tion styled by the patentee, "Tbe casket, or crystal cube uiiniaturo," in which a solid imago of tho sit ter's head is seen, looking with startling reality from tho ccntro of a small cube of crystal, every feature standing out in as perfect relief as though chiselled by tho hands of fairy sculptors. Wo are not told whothcr tho 'solid imago' is a coloured one. Most people aro fond of looking in tho glass, but this portable ami indelible spectrum, reflecting on, mere fleeting imago, but containing tho actual, palpable form of humanity, is certainly a most staitling novclty. Natural scicnco is daily explain ing allusions which formerly gained tho credit of being supernatural. This U an ago less given to deuying the existence of phenomena than to de- juoustrato the why aud the whcrcforo of thoir ex- istcuco. 