The Parramatta corn spondent of the Em pire refers in the following manner to the new bill for the foi matiori of provincial councils: — ''Throughout the colony ir, is causing some stir, tt is not at all probable that it will be accep/cd by the people as it now stands, It vould be nothing more' than handing over t le colony to the rule of a few interested men at the cost of the many, tuid is wholly subvtrsive of every principle the people expected to enjoy under selfgo vernment. This ab irtion of a bill, coupled with the suspicious i ielay for calling Parlia ment together, a delay so obstinately opposed by Mr. F irster when in opposi tion, aud the political profligacy exhibited in forming the new CDmmission of the Peace, it is generally believ :d, has sealed the fate of the Martin Mit istry. Another gross case Hindu out agaii st them is the nonful filment of their oft-i speated promises to ad just the revenue ir a satisfactory manner. The splendid . iinnmiul tree promised to be planted bj Mr. JEng ir, turns out very like J3iiron Munehuusen s drenms, a/mere sha doWj and sotnethin ; worse, for instead of even a ghost of fit ancial reform, wo have got a real deficit of ; -00,000 and upwards in the last quarter.' . .s regards this measure we think it the only one which we feel in clined Am give/cred t or support that the Martiiy'Miiijpry''h ve as(£et eortfertained ; and£fcKa*glit/*»6me- nembcy? of #ie Cabinet may disclaim being pariyS to it, we could point out two wh( are advocates in the strongest degree in i;s favour. But a house divided against itself cannot stand, and when tlie people of a country find that their Mi nistry cannot net i|i unison, or have any unity of opinion for the general welfare, the sooner they are! disbanded the better. Can a Jew, Turk, Infidel, and Christian, harmonise in a religious controversy ? Then how is it possible thpt the element of dis cord contained in tile breasts of Porster, Holroyd, Martin, and Eagar, can allow the business of the conntiW to be the chief object' of concern. Jealous}! ill feeling, and acri monious language, lias passed, and when the sticks do not remnin a compact bundle it is easy to break tljeui. There is now a favournble opporttinit; for a rising legislator to achieve olliee. V hut could please us more and beyond mca mrc on the other hand than to see a wise ma 1 at the helm of affairs and experience — we al ude to the lion. John Hay. We express tl e wish of many, very inuuy, of our colonist , when we ask him to -teave his Presidential Chair and take tlie care of the colony upo l himself, and relieve her from imminent dun jerof impoverishment by injudicious legislature. John liny was tho iiinu who advocate 1 and extended to us our Municipalities I ill. He it was who would have tiniled the whole of the colonies of Australia in bonds of unity and friend ship, to their several advancement, by crea ting a delegation to seltlc Border Customs' disputes. A man of progress like him wouid have brought] forward many useful measures, had we afforded him the oppor tunity. Provincial councils — division of the colony — a chnitcr — and subdivi sion of the revenue fir present wants and general loans on security of the territorial estate might be obtained for prosecuting per manent public works! and opening up and developing the countrjj. The Palmerston of Australia, Mr. Charlel Cowper, has retired to Wivenhoe, his farm, near Camden, but when the country rcquA-es his services, they will, we trust, be cheerfully lent. Mr. Cowper ..has-- done muih good and can' do more, liis pretensionslaro not of parado, but his deeds are of goou purport. Tin-: privileges accorded to^every Triton by the concessions of m'ignii charta are ob vious to every litigant in a court of justice. During the past week cases of appeal to the decision aud fairness of a selected body of men in the District Court have been en tered into and decided. With '.hs confi dence that one person should repose in another, matters of dispute are thus brought to a tribunal for honourable adjudication and stullument. Of tlie numerous' matters provoking discoid and argu ment by a learned counsel, uouo appeared to create such interest as Unit ol' Williams 7. House, and by ilia evi dence of one of the witnesses, it afforded a caution to others in repenting defamatory words, -alleged to have been spoken by one person respecting the character of. another, if the same were uttered by the defendant Roubo, which the court ruled were not by their decisiou in giving him a verdict, how essential it is for persons to put a guard upon their lips in 'refraining to traduce their neighbours. In bearing false accusation, the sacred precincts of every home may be assailed and ruined by tin unprincipled meddler and tale bearer; but the glorious law of trial by jury renders it not, in the power of nny single man to decide or be biased in any notion pending. In His Honor, Judge Purefny (who bns presided over tho District Court for some time past), wo are fortunate in obtaining t1- ? .-'.? in tha administration of the cases coming beforo him, of a shrewed and competent lawyer, and, though we do not admit the axiom of ' old age begetting wisdom,' as an accumulation of years entails/ decay of intellect and imbecility prostrating the mind and impairing menial faculties. But as re gards the privileges accorded by the Dis trict Courts' Act, we think that it is most useful in its character, and should feel con siderable pleasure if we knew that they ?were extended to many other towns in the interior; and by way of relieving the offi cials at Newcastle by a division of labour and responsibility, we would suggest to the Colonial Secretary the advisability of creat ing courts at the several outlying suburbs T)f Newcastle. We learn, on reference to an almanac published by Messrs. Sheriff and Downey, in Sydney, that vary many privileges and facilities for the transaction and discharge of legal business are extended to country districts aud localities immea surably inferior in importance to Warntah qr other small townships surrounding New castle at the present time. As a general rule, the settlement of a case in n proper legal tribunal is more decisive and satisfac tory than a reference to arbitration, but still, the expenses are proportionately greater. Litigation, however, is the most unprofitable of all procedures— it occa sionally disseminates the greatest ill-will and unnecessary heart-burning between a man and his neighbour, brother, friend, or client, and should be avoided when eva sion is possible, compatibly with the inter ests of one's family, the protection of trade, or the general welfare of the community. But until the happy state of affairs is in augurated, wo shall have 'to retain our Dis trict Courts. In some of the provinces of England and Ireland tha just complaint has been frequently made that the judges might, with advantage, be superannuated in their old Oije by iho Government granting them a liberal retiring allowance for past services, Q3. impairment of faculty and natural decay of intellect rendered ihem unfit for their high and responsible offices. With our judges in New South Wales, many yours of careful study and experience have to be undergone before they are raised to their exalted position, and when elevated to the woolsack, nn amount^ of work and service is expected of them individnnJIy commensurate with the energies and endur ance of half a dozen ordinary raortuls. A judge, of course, receives many an un deserved censure, as every unsuccessful litigant feels aggrieved by the advorse deci sion in his especial case, and questions tha justice of the verdict, so there is an ano maly of n popular judge and an honest lawyer. We hear sometimes of the one and then the other, but no two persons have ever been known to agree upon the subject without considerable argument. Tlie in terests involved in the trials ut the -District Courts, and the anxiety dis played as to the issue and decisions in the mauy cases brought under tliu notice of His Honor nnd the public attending, was sufficiently evidenced by the considerable gatherings of so many parsons at the court during the past week. As soon as nil this litigation is decided, we hope that the parties engaged therein will not allow feelings of ill-will to influence any after net or intentiou to prejudicothc bond of good. fellowship that should reign in residents of this locality, but whon ense after ease is decided by his Honor, that Christian principle and manly qualification be evinced of shaking hands after disputes, misunderstandings, or disagreements in business ?' affairs, In ordinary pursuits, it frequently happens that occurrences take place by whichone cousiders him self the aggrieved party and the sufferer of a wrong or loss by tran sactions with another, bat.wheu'au unpre judiced and impnrtial jury decide, let the matter be final and all acrimony ceaae. 