PIRIE, STREET WESLEYAN CHAPEL. The services in connection with the reopening and anni- <*> versary of the Pirie-street Wealeyan Chapel were brought to a close on Monday evening, October 16. In the afternoon a sale of the articles left from the late £60. Tea was provided in the Lecture-hall, and partaken of by j between 400 and 600 persons. i Toe building was well filled daring the public meeting, { over which Mr. I*. Roach, Senior Circuit Steward, presided. The Chaibmah addressed the meeting. After acknow ledging the kindness of the Stewards in asking him to take the chair, he stated thus they were met to celebrate their thirteenth anniversary. He thought anniver saries should not only yield pleasure, bat an amount: of profit as well. The review of the past M years was very i satisfactory, for in that time they had erected a building' which he did not think was equalled by any other chapel in the city, though many had been built since. It was both commodious and beautiful. A few days ago he amuse! himself by looking over the minutes of the meetings held in connection with the founding of the building in which they were assembled. The land cost £600, which they managed to pay. and after various difficulties and hardships which he described, they got the chaptl built, and three years afterwards the galleries were erected. Last year the Lecture Hall was built, and many other additions were made. The trustees had often thought of the necessity of beautifying the interior and they bad done so to the satis faction, he noped. of all. To those who had long been con nected with the building, there was much to be grateful Tor. The last 13 years had been years of mercy and of blessing, for during that time they had received many blessings -they had had a faithful and devoted ministry—many had been convinced of sin and converted to God, white eainte had been edified. (Applause.) fie concluded by calling upon— Mr. J. Colton, M.P., who gave a statement of the finances of the chapeL They commenced the year with a balance in hand of £371 16s. lOd., and since then they had raised sufficient to make a total of £1,791 2s. lOd. Against this they had expended in various ways £1,794 oa. Bd., ""?""g a balance doe to the Treasurer of £2 17s. lOd, They were a tittle more in debt than they were last year. The total amount of the debt was £3,235-a very small sum for each a congregation as that. Be hoped they would be able to reduce the debt to £3,008 that evening, which he thought was sufficient for a property like that. Be should state that the £3,225 was upon the wnoleol the buildings-the chapel, the lecture hall, ministers' houses, fittings. &c.;—all of which involved a total cost ot £17.000, to that the present debt was upon that large amount. Hie gas-fittings bad all been paid for. From the bazaar, tea, Sunday's collections. &c;, they would realise about £268. which would meet the whole of the cost of the gas-fittings, cleaning of the inte rior, &o.; They should now, bethought, set their faces against any further expenditure, as they now bad the build ing in a complete and finished state; and is the course of a few years he had no doubt they would be enabled to clear away the entire debt, which was* thing he sincerely hoped would be achieved. (Cheers.) The choir here sane the anthem "Comfort ye, eomlort y? my people." The fiev. K. C. Flockhakt, in moving the first resolu tion, said he rejoiced in their prosperities, and he regarded their difficulties as part of their prosperity. What wag £3,200 to such a congregation as that? They had a beautiful plane of worship, and he honed they would continue in their work ol well-doing. The advancement of Christianity -^the grandest of all systems —was their object. What were material things compared with the trust committed to them? Might their successes be greater than they bad been, and might the officers in connection with the chapel be more and more zealous. He wished to give them a few particu lars in connection. They had had, according to the statistics laid before the English Conference, 276 cases for enlarge ment, which would involve a total cost of .£205,900; and in addition to this 1,300 trusts had laid down the noble cum of £11.211, so that the work of the Church might be advanced far and wide. (Cheers.) Ont of that 74 ministers could be supported at a salary or£is6 a year, and he said all honor to the large-hearted and liberal men who bad so lavishing!? aided the work of Christianity He alluded to individual sifts varying from £600 to from £6.000 to £9,000, and re ferred each gifts as that to tike attention of the Krle-street people. Lost year they had 1,024 ministers, but now they had 1,223, being an increase of 199. They bad ??w a firm hold of the heart of the army and they were effecting some good among the eaUon as well. Notwithstanding all the achievements and triumphs of art. science, and literature, yet to his mind the great want of the world and or the Church was the baptism or the Spirit froinabove. last night a, he WM prooe e,ung from North to South Adelaide, be saw the necessity of an. acting and living Church in Adelaide. His heart was not so much Jtalned at teerag the abandoned women ofthe town, but at the conduct of the so-called gentlemen who dined at their who were in reality thacause of so much ?vil m tiidr social life. < Applause.) It was their duty not •Rerefyjo be good, but toexercisean influence for good-to make the ungodly fe?l it. They wanted power in prayer, power in the pulpit, sad power in the press. Bat a united Church, strong In prayer, would be more than conquerors, for they could not fin to exercise that influence which would result in the saving of souls. (Applause.) The Bey. H. T-BraGESsnertaddressed the meeting, and, alter some preliminary remarks, he proceeded to enforoe the Principle of benevolence upon the audience. He reminded fm<X ttwir mrydiy prtrilefei, and mU tola, togttbtr with the great condescension of tbe Lord In besoming poor tor their okes, should led them to give more of tbdr time, talent?, and Influence to BHa cause. Thej to aU men of influence, of letter or humbler degree. Dr. dimming had said that they bad two ImmortaU??—one tteytook away ! with them either to Heaven or to Hell, while they left the ?other to permeate and influence succeeding genera tions. If they wished to exercise an Influence for ! good tiiey should be faumlngand shining lights; they should | exhibit io their daily life and conduct the Christian prin ciples which they wished to disseminate. Be it theirs then ; while they lived to live unto the Lord, so that when they i died they might die onto the Lord, and enter into His joy. I TnTchoir here sang another piece of innate very effeo- Tfae Bey. Chabias Colvell said they were like vessels without rndder?—they were at liberty to speak upon what subject they liked; so that however much he travelled in the comae of his speech the Chairman could not call him to order. He might therefore Jost mention Hurt they had ereoted two beautiful places of worship at Wallaroo; and that a debt of £1.200 rested npon them, which would be increase* by .£6OO, being the cost of a mission-house. Now, he thought they might that night divert some of their contributions towards the relief of the two aforesaid chapels. (Laughter.) They had to pay from ten to twelve and a half percent., and he thought some members of the congregation before him might let them have it at eight per cent,. and this would be a great conside ration. Bathe must not c toy too long npon this subject He would therefore choose the subject ot " Christian liberality." upon which to say a few words, for that would apply to Wallaroo as well as Pirie-etreet (Laughter.) Covetous ness was the greatest sin, for it was that which resulted in the angels falling from their high estate, and which now permeated so much of the world. He had not much to oomplsln of as respected the liberality of Christians in general or of Wesleyans In particular: but he questioned whether they osmenp to the standard ofgiving a tithe of their income, as the Levites of old did. He questioned also whether they gave as much as the Boman Catholics or as the Pagans did. One person who gave los. a year for his re ligion was told by a class leader that it was only 2M. a week —hardly enough to see a peepshow. (Laughter.) Hie role of Wesley was to "get all you can, save all you can, give all you can:" and he acted upon that principle, for he gave all the surplus of Us income to the cause of Christ- When Wesley got £30 a year he found he could live on £28, and he gave £2 towards religions purposes. Next year he got £60, and gave £32, still living on £28 a year. And thus he acted until when lie died it was estimated that he had distributed as mnch as £30,000 in 'advancing Christianity. (Cheers.) They might ask whether they should not save something for a rainy day. but as to that he would leave it to their own consciences. He nrged them to emulate the Pentecostal Christians; but he reminded them at the same time that it was not according to the amount of their gifts, but it would be according to the purity of their motives that they would be judged and rewarded. "God loveth a cheerful giver." (Applause.) The collection was here made, and realised about £16. The?ev. H. Chesteb said he was glad at the prosperity which had attended the last year's operations of that Church. It wbs not, however, by fine and beautiful places of worship that they were to measure their spiritual prosperity; it was not by having rich and influential hearers; nor was it by large congregations; but it was by the existence of Christian love. Christian union, and Christian charity. Where they saw these qualities they might feel assured that true spiritual prosperity was theirs. One grand object of the Bible was to purify the heart, and to destroy impurity, to make the life unblameable. Let them strive, then, todeanse their lives, and bo to live that they should receive the blessing of God. The conversion of souls was a great evi dence of spiritual prosperity, and In this respect they had reason to feel gratified. It mattered not what kind of building they worshipped tin so long as the Gospel was preacbeclftiaifully there. That this had been the case with Pirie-etreet he could not doubt. Their prosperity would con tinue if the same means wereexerdsed. Those means were by the faithful preaching ofthe Gospel—not the proclamation of new doctrines; by the <T*tri?e of personal effort, and by the outpouring of the Spirit from on High. After dilating npon these essentials to true spiritual prosperity, the speaker concluded by expressing the hope that the next year's prosperity would be as great or greater than its pre decessor. (Cheers.) The Bey. H. Bath was next called upon to address the meeting. He said it was a gratifying thing to know that they oonld associate with their anniversaries the great work of human redemption. There was a splendid future in re serve for the world; but before that arrived there would be a great moral revolution —the conflict ot light against dark ness—of holiness against eviL The efforts of Wesleyans i were not to aim at ecclesiastical pre-eminence, but to save i souls; and they had the means to do this. They I had their venerable Bible, which occupied its rightful supremacy in their judgments. Its truths were not softened down to suit the feelings of the polite and the delicate; it was still the mighty, the ma jestic, and the uncompromising Word of God. (Cheers.) They had a healthy pulpit, for the truth was folly, clearly, and powerfully proclaimed. They had also the power of the Holy Ghost, and were not these agencies sufficient? rhey bad been sufficient for the conversion of millions be fore, and why should not they be sufficient for the conver sion of mlUionsjhenceforth. They werenot to wait idly forthe mllleninm; but they should by their active and Christian conduct hasten the advent of that glorious era, With these few broken remarks he would sit down. (Applause.) The Rev. C. H. Goldsmith proposed iv a few humorous remarks, a vote of thanks to the ladies for providing the tea, and to the Choir for their kind and efficient ser vices. The Key. T. Lloyd cordially seconded the resolution which was carried. The Chairman here announced the gift of £60 from the late Mr. William Dunstan, of McLaren Vale. (Cheers.) Mr. .1. Colton. M.P., moved a vote of thanks to the ladies who had assisted at the bazaar, mentioning that the proceeds amounted to about £50. and the rest of the articles would be offered very cheaply on the following day. The vote was seconded by Mr. Wti. Scott and carried. A similar compliment having been accorded to the Chair man, the meeting, after another performance by the choir, was brought to a dose in the usual manner. 