"WHO ABE THEY? I «. . grest desi abtrat London »lone, and, batmg no »ne to talk to, I consequently talk to myself j I.dc> not ¿Van audibly or visibly, but to that inwr.self whioh ml all carry about with us, like a leaden image ora »Uver bub, aa the case may be. And i generally talk .f the people I see, say in omnibuses Of at the theatre, > wVndeEng who they are, and what their social condition, ana how they live, and, »hat the great .whirring wheels of life are doing for them in Siaf big 'workshop of fate where the patterns of eur lèverai looms are being wrought, An¿» b/.lonS habit in these speculations, it seem» to me «rat I nave acquired an extraerdinary insight into the Jives ot those I meet ; or it may bs merely an active faney, which, because it is clear, I. therefore believe tobe ^öw, there is that young, aíA-húred, desolate, looking man, with a quantity of Palais Royal jewel lea, dangling from his chain,. inti, the unmistakable leek, of, a Frenchman,,.,in éVèry inch of his per- sis/- .' I can see into hi» life and being .aa | ¿toioMilj as if I were rèàclirig a page of long , atiaur.. well leadíd^ HtVtt a. pianoforte tuner mamet you see thai bf hi*, hands ?-and he is the entosco of a highly resoeotkrjle cabinetmaker in a saaul provincial town in Fiance, But cabinet- makers « srriáll provincial towns are seldom men of means, even ii highly respebtable 5 and when they have am- bition» sons, with'talents refusing to develop them- selves id the direction of ordinary mechanical labour, it is a difficulty to know what to do with them, that the star» and the pot-au-feu may be Berved at the same' time. And' so when young Auguste, who wanted only opportunity and encourage- ment to become a second Verdi at the least, finally decided on music os his vocation and England as his sphere (incited to this last decision by' an insane belief that London was a sunless, fog haunted- Tom Tiddler's ground, where gold, grew rn the streets), Monsieur son Père and Madame ea.Mere could only hisB him weepingïy, invoking all the saints in ' his behalf, and letting him depart as a lamb, ont of the sheepfold, with, the wolves ranging in proces- sion at the gate. "Cettemaudite Angleterre! they, said, "and ces malheureuses jeunes miss !" They, made 'no doubt but that their precious lamb would bc devoured by the wolves in lesa, than a ' month, and that he would return to his native place tacked for life to a jeune Miss Britannique, with teeth like a horse, a stride like a , grenadier; hair like tow, and masculinity enough for , haifa dose'n enfants perdus. This is the current idea 1 of English women in France, and this ia , what. Au guste's'father and mother pictured to themselves, when'they drew out the programme of their, son's career' in England. , . ., . . Auguste is thinking now of the past; of that long, wMe, paved street where "Laplace, Menusier,", shineB like an'oaaia of pleasant memories in the dull desert' of hiß ¡daily life; he is flunking of la Mere Rougètêté 'arid her café* where he and' the young men.' of the town used,. to assemble every evening at eight o'clock precisely, to,play at dominoes and' trie-trie, drinking eau sucre or café noir, as they chose ; tome-bin these were.terrible fellows-adding', a little absinthe or rhum as flavouring. He is think- ing'of fat óldBabétte, the femme de menage, who.is as much part of his home and its reminiscences 1 as .Mamari herself, or Jacques, the journeyman ; ! he'taée' the lime-trees, with the bees humming about ' their flowers, and pretty little Fanchon, the daughter of '* Madame Robert, Confiseur," gathering pâquerettes, and bluets in .the hedge-, less' meadows ; he secs thé old diligence coining jmglingih from Abbeville, and the cocked-hats, of tee' garde champêtre scouring the country in search of 1 evil-doers ; he sees the good old curé,: full of flesh , and:'kindliness, nodding here and' there to -his I parisMoners', every one of whom' is like, his own ' child': he sees mon p¡ire bald, vivacious, and obese,, I and mamore in her pink ribbons, and black silk dress fitting like a skin; and then Auguste's heart gets very full, and his handkerchief is in sorrowful request, and he feels himself a lonely exile in this perfide Albion, where' no gold grows jin' the street though the sim never shines, and where his dreams of,fame snd' glbry 'and'money consequent have consolidated themselves into'the meagre, fact bf pianoforte,tuning at two shillings-a reduction made to schools and professionals; ' ,,, . Poor ^Auguste ! It is.a little tragedy, though-is it not?-which He is enacting in his small way.., He is paying for his English experience rather dearly ; and y et lt will be better for him in the end than if, he had remsinéd'át that dear little dull provincial town alibis life--a gerrie inconnu, giving itself the airs of an ugly duck; whose brilliant swanhood was ignored by the inferior fowls, envious.bf his supremacy. This waa the story I told myaelf, looking at that dark-haired young, frenchman with the heavy eyelids and the mclahcholy' face and fine-pointed finger. top», very ; dirty', who sat by v the door and looked out into the. muddy street! and seemed not far from charcoal or prussic acid!' And yet,, perhaps,' be. was only tor- mented'about his lodgings, and à landlady ignorant of the sublime laws , of credit ; perhaps* his father, a well-to-do burly old.curmudgeon, down in Leicester square, making his fortune by,all sorts pf unhallowed ways/, had' boxed his ears 'this morning' for some breach of.filila, respect-and these young Frenchmen will 'cry, for amere nothing sometimes ¡br: perhaps, he has a'headache, and is loathing the idea of Cremorne. Hext to him come two bright, fsir-haired English lad», with shillings apiece in their'pookets, off to the Po- lytechnic srid that jolly old ghost, for a rare lot of fun. Such a contrast as they present to melancholy, creamr coloured Auguste, Catch them crying .about any-,, thing short'of mamma's or the governor's death ! They 'are evidently the sons of. a gentleman, for all that; they 1 chaff the conductor and .play the time being. Ead they beénin'the country they would'have been hunting rats with'old Dick Lawson" the ráteáteher¿'or sharing Tabbita; ïn the field below the springhead, br digging for, moles in the croft,'br shooting young pheasants in the wood,'or ,coaxing the filly 'in J, the 'paddock,' when hot «'shooing" and frightening her inti}' temporary insanity," br doing:: a thousand and one of those . uncatalogued initiations into' manhood 'which1 make boys so de- testable, and yet which are ' somehow j right step's toward'iaimanly futurity.' As'it is, they expend their i superfluous energy in . London by chaffing omnibua conductors,'and " larking allover thé pláce,',' as Jim'tays, trying to look stern (Jim iB the con-' ductor) ; but failing in the attempt. I can see all tieirhvesi too, and their father»' before them; the old man down in Sussex -tying . every shilling he pos- sessed At the tails of his dogs and horses, and losing them all-the sons; inheriting their father's love of field sports and fresh country life ; inheriting,1 tob, his depth of xhest and breadth of shoulder and thorough Saxon 'development hud nature, but obliged, for the sake I of their professions and the bread that; must be baked, to come to smoky London-and now these two lads, with the old lay cropping but in their saucy íaces and; golden:edged curls and great broad frames, and all the other signs and symboWof the 1 English gentleman with the fling of Esau across his lsument.' One could Scarcely conceive of "anything: healthier 01 more masculine than this type of the oountry-bred; Briton :" a- type which it takeB many generations of London" smok-: and slang to wesr eut. Very different in texture altogether is'the physical humanity of the small- handed woman opposite, dressed in a' shabby gown, with a soiled flaunting bonnet; and a' torn shawl of many colours, i who'evidently thinks that nerved and idleness are three parts of the essence of gentlehood; and that she cann mske herself '"'si'lady*" by oeasing^tobfe a woman and bfeeoming a dell. Her husband' is a rough-mannered,' rough-handed mechanic, making perhaps forty shillings a week, orso, more or less ; and ne, too, shares'in the delusion that work is *' low " for awoman¿ snd that idleness is a refinement, and a thing to- be cultivated by, the ambitious. It is his pride to boast that "his wife is kept like a lady, with a servant, of her own; and needn't do a hand's turn if she don't like." Bone puts her ina "nice little home" at Camber- well, with a best parlour and a black horse-hair sofa, quite comfortable ; and there she lords it in state over a miserable little elf, a parish apprentice, »mall enough to be camed like a lapdog : in the pocket. .But the elf does all the dirty work, and the rough and the hard work too; that my lady the mechanic's wife may not soil her hands, or make them " hard like a eon mon woman's."'. She is one of a kind I see a great deal of/and that I can never 'sufficiently ? deplore; for they seem to me to be cutting at the root of''all that is most wholesome in. the Jînglish'artisan' clsss, ite simple strong held eu, realities J and that while the men ofthat class are so wonderfully improving, the women are just as much andXéry^'' 7 te*£Me aping of fine-ladyism rt10^**.,?16 '«"*>ú« glances which »ur lady of Camberwell is tasting at those two pretty young, crea tures uvbíight tluff »ilk»; sb carefully tucked up over, tieir kiYèe<( eYiaently"ó« to a frien^y.pa^T some- where. Ton cansee that they are lsdieë,èvea if papa's X"1"*^6*^* Beceáíary for thent to peril their best dresse»^ an'wtoibbi^ Mthtr,than1 spend ».fewahii; linea in » eab. That they are happy and innocent, and innocently happy in their preterit finery, j» also ae evident; and yet both those gula would «Jo real good hard work ii need be ; and, indeed, do ao ; help- ing their one servant, Jane, . as much from kindness , and that she should hot be. overworked, .as.ítom i mamma's desire, arid their own, to ". makathiogs look nice." They are very charming girls ; I should say the daughters of an artist, from a certain debpnnair something-a certain almost imperceptible loosening of stays end slackening of ropes that belongs tc-this class-and from the excellent, choice, of colours in their dress. I like to think , of the, sweetness of home, and the happy, family, life whioh .they help him to make >n their fresh little house at Bays- water; I like to see them all, »roweling round dear papa's picture, each,with more loving praises on ner lips than the inst; I like tq see mamma, bnxom, un- wearied, managing mamma, with her faith that never fails, and her hope that never cools, believing always iii the fortune surely now within their grasp, and the sudden outblaze of fame, that is to eclipse alli Irving rivals. If theTreality.le something, deader and .drier : than these brilBant'.dreama, what »»."8*^^"«»« are: the sugar-plums, helping to digest, the salt : junk ',' of actuality, sweetening not supplantmg j meals. ?.??.?! ! ' As surely ss these two grscious maidens are of the artist world, so surely ; is. that.lady nextthem of the, literary, A square- headed, woman, with ? fixed,, i rather hard, ,but ¡ not, unlikely face, wearing spec-1 ¡ tides, short petticoats, scant crinoline, if any, carry ! ing an umbrella ,and a »oil of papers-r» sho net a 1 British Museumite, and oae familiar with the printer s j devil ?-a practical,, strong-minded, cleai- brained ! authoress, ready for any work and with enewy enough for any, vocation, and with half a hundred ; missions ; of which, however, womanly subserviency iori submission does not form ona. ' As she sits (there, with her strongly- marked features, and her j clearly than she can read mine, thongh I meet her ¡big grey eyes fixed on me,and knpw tuatl am beuig 1 photographed for future use. , One thing I see, which ¡has no business there, and that is a wedding-ring on her left hand. Her husband, poor man! has a ihafdish time of it, be sure ; for those deep tints in the forehead .between the eyes, and the (furrow, from the nostril to the mouth, and. the look of; pain and ex iperience arid the unrest of a battle always going on and never ended, »re not eloquent of, rose-leaves and eider- down ; and I fear that ,my literary friend's 'matrimonial possessor, may at times find a strong minded woman making her due share of the family . income rather more of a helpmate than,» sweetheart. And .'yet, .'she,- is not hid, she is only top much the reverse of our lady of Camberwell. When women will leave off exaggerating good Qualities they will have achieved a more thorough freedom than even the most emancipated dream of : .and that is, freedom from the tyráripy of .their, own;weaknesses. j Who is that man facing our poor Auguste, next the door, talking to the.conductor ?.. He, is,one of the nameless .mysterious people that are always turning up (in London, dirty and shabby, unutterably < dissi- pated, but with a, handful of gold and silver, and seemingly on good terms with everyone on the read and about the public-house deprs. He [talks, to, Jim as if he were his brother, and .makes private and confidential inquiries about 'Any, and 'Arry's wife and children,(he calls her the missis, and them' the kids) ; and he knows all about the last ? fight, and enters into deep «roana of letters that should have, been written, and of foul play that has been the rain of this and that ; and I confess that < he puzzles me, and unless he is a fighting-man, ¡or the keeper of a house of Call for fighting-men, or a translated driver who has made his fortune, or else the conductor who wore a diamond ring,worth seventy poundB, .and had a lady for a wife with a diamond iring worth forty . more, I cannot tell who he is ; I think, though,' he keeps a house of call somewhere in the Haymarket, and that be rears bull pupa for : pleasure, and has i a > " fancy ". barman for sport. . i I The grave,, severe, elderly, gentleman, evidently a ; wealthy merchant ofimpeccable respectability, sitting next him, looks very much as if he were eating a ghostly lemon, which sets his mouth awryi ' It is a condescension on the pert of our wealthy merchant to ride in an omnibus at all, but when he gets bracketed' with a fellow-traveller of the present- calibre, /his gorge rises almost beyond his power> to'keep döwn; and his wife and daughter, wonder' what < has made papa so cross to-day.when he goes home to dinner;' and visions of an impending bankruptcy »weep before mammc> naturally a little timid and very lachrymose. If these fluttered inmates ofi Weetbourne-terrace knew that dear papa had been submitted to, such contamina- tion how they, would have sympathised with'him! As it is, for i want, of i knowing,' Mary Matilda sulked, and . Emma Jane flouted^ and' poor, dear,mamma cried, and John was- in the dust with sackcloth round his i calves and ashes on his powder, because papa was in such'arv awful humour, there was no bearing with. him. Was it really only the accidental presence of a fighting-man in sn omnibus that made ail this to-do ?-or had yes- terday's unlucky speculation and to-day's «pening' of the purse-strings some hand in the upset} I think old Mr. Doublecssh.the, banker, could have dissected some part of the load, though it might have been the last straw that broke the camel's back which had not bent under .the weight of iron. Little care,,the couple next to the respectable British merchant for anything in the world save them- selves. Both young, both silly,, awfully in love, and newly married, if life is not fairyland to them now, .1! wonder, when it will; be, and to whom! They haye .j not a care ; not the faintest shadow of . future anxiety lies , across ? their footway ; there is no sickness in the world, no debt, - np poverty, no unkindness;: no ¡ disappointment,; nothing but a huge wedding-cake, all sugar and sweet almonds, decked with wedding favours snow white,, the beiges., unsoiled, and the ends.' unjagged. - They were married just this, day week Zi.and I can see the pretty, simple, county wedding down among the mountains, where, I.tam ,bound"tOi say, if I would speak the truth, a wedding of. almost any kind is held-' asia maiden triumph, worthy .any. amount of pajana ; for young men of marriageable mean» are,frightfully scarce, and .young , ladies. of marriageable age hist as much too rife in these remoter!parts ef England. So, that, when Cecilia Selina was duly engaged and finally wedded to Harry Augustus, it was something to. be,, Rejoiced at .even- beyond.the rejoicing of love. It was a pidze drawn in th»,lottery^ where so many must ¡turn up,blanks.,i They have known each other all their lives, these young people, but it was only quite of late that they thought of,being in love at all ; or at least that.he thought of, it jipar» j haps Cecilia Selina and her sisters might have told a,.' different story. To,.,.bimi,; however, iti flashed out at once, and quite i unexpectedly*., when!' he : saw the attention ,' which Mr. Wiseman, the) Cambridge tutor, down., , for... the .season, J paid i Miss Cecilia at thé vicar's evening, -psrty-she i m no wise resenting or discountenancing. . Then Mr* ? . Harry Augustus hid the truth fromhimself no longer: -he confessed his love-he, bought the blue turquoise forget-me-not ring, de rigueur in his estimation); he spoke to mamma,, and he, asked papa ; and, finally,i in three months' time from theday.he '.'offered,',! was . made the happy husband of Cecilia Selina^crnrlng. up to London for thea, honeymoon, as gay as ilarks ¡ audi as bright as peacocks. They have seen every-1 thing, from, the Tower, to. the Crystal Palace î doing, all the , theatres, and all .the exhibitions,. and all the sights, with unflsgging spirits , and untiring, muscles. .., They write .long letters eTe17. da7 to their sisters, and shed a j reflexion of their Own sunshine on ;the quiet home by, the lake- side ; and then, they will go back the day month of their marriage, neither sooner or later, and the vicar. will give them a dinner, at which their healths, will be drunk. Harry Augustus being, bound , to make a< speech m reply ; which he, does, very fsirly on the whole, breaking down into a headless sentence, with nothing to,stand on, only at .the last;. ." I wonder who is that fine-looking mau, who haa just come in, tskingupmore than the room vacated by the two fair English boy«. He is a big, many fleshed person, a man seeming to belong to a Urger generation than the present; Btanding «ix foot full, in his shoes, and broad , in the proportion of his height and Bixty years. His hair,.which is long and thick and wavy, is snow whitey as is his beard ; but his eyes are dark and lustrous, and his eyebrows black as jet. He is wonderfully handsome; and of the leonine tvpe; of manhood; a dangerous men in his wrath'I should say, but to be: led by a child in- the silken cords of; gentleness and: love. He may be ÎÂfr.* S?1 T,or 5ültary: ' no> h« cannot 'th. He h(» «ever gone through in ih£ orvbee? aria,d in'* barraekiyara in his life. . Those broad, wide flings of his-his'cost ? % S.vÄ8 i00"^. «»drhia trousers otfunheard of width, his habitual lounge andstrohg individuality we Äft 'degr*Vhaded off Lo^mman? S SLîîïS?* ft? P°"lbaîty of .the military theory SJS 'e ï*»»a engineer-like a man who his' ;wlñíMiv* ?ch¿-«ene"»» climates; and' who ha* /ought foi his own hand ever »ince he was a boy-conquenngj all. manner': of evil elrcum ««»«!>-and coming now to the end «f ¡the^ strife' ttmmphant . and, », ho* to ??^Jm.^vS^n tee Oiote leonine magnificent men. They «re like bite of old Qieek or Roman life, great, beautiful, and mae. culine, translated into our smaller "world of nerves and ncr voua development ; and carry with them ah atmo- sphere of health and strength, even into omnibuses when they enter. I could weave a whole novel out of that big man's life ; but before I have .finished the first chapter, be lunges dt the conductor with his thick carved stick, heaves himself weightily but of the machine, andi tee him striding back at a speed I could not, match, having forgotten to buy his wife a lobster at Lynn's. And Lynn's is the only place- in London-io he says, but I do not--where they'aré to be had worth the eating. And when there falls help, lesslyinto his place .an old, bent, withered, dusty, little old woman, with a red bundle smelling of cheese and stale pié-crust-a dusty little woman like a withered green apple all of whose juices are dried up, and whose few last'yeara will' be spent in tte cha- ritable Union-I too haye cometo the end of my day's travel, and must leave my omnibus friends of an hour with the remainder bf their histories unfinished'.-AU ito Yiar Rein*. ?? '? T* ' 