Telegraph to America. The necessary arrangements, for another attempt to.lay a submarine telegraph between Ireland - ana North America have been made, and the Atlantic Telegraph Company aro moro sanguine than ever that tho experi- ment to be undertaken in the spring of 18G5 will be a complete success. By tho time that tho Atluntio Tele- graph Company is ready for its grand enterprise, a second and entirely different line of telegraphic commu- nication between Europe and America will approach, if not reach, its completion. This is the line running across Siberia, thence connecting with Russinn America, thence passing through British Columbia, and ultimately reaching our Pacifia States. The most difficult portions of this telegraph, that though Siberia, is now, according to a recent dispatch, completed as far as - Irkutsk, the capital of Eastern Siberia. Mr Collins, a citizen of the United States, to whom the Russian Government has given for a period of 8G years tho exclusive right of working this telegraph through the Russian dominions, has now obtained from the British Government the right of way through British Columbia; The Western Union Telegraph Company of the United. States aro prepared to.assume the construction of tho line, and capitalists ore ready to supply the money for carrying out the un- dertaking. ' It is intended to continue tho telegraph northward, along tho western coast of British America to Behring's Straits, which will be crossed by a submarine cable forty miles long, thence along the coast of Arctic Russia to the mouth of the Amoor River, ut which point the Government havo agreed to meet the lino and con- nect it with their own. . The new lino will be not for from, 4,200, miles in oxter.r, and, when completed, it will unite Europe, Asia, and America, principally by land. ¿feo' York Tribune. . Mu , W. F. WlNDjTAM.-In connection with this singular individual, who was adjudicated a bankrunt on Saturday, it should be observed that he has still a very valuable .reversionary lifo interest in a large estate nt Hanworth, Norfolk, into the enjoyment of which ho will not come until 1868., Tho estalo is worth about £6,000 a yoar, but it is strictly entailed, and will revert, in the ordinary course of things, to the infant born to Mr Windham a fow days since. It will be observed that .Mr Windham' was adjudicated a bankrupt on his own petition, and there is no doubt that he was advised to do so, in order to place his affairs under the control end administration of a high legal tribunal. It is only two years and a quarter since the jury empanelled by Master \- Warren declared Mr Windham capable of managing his own affairs. In that brief period he has contrived to dispose of his ancestral estate of Felbrigg to Mr J. Ketton, of Norwich, to figuro in endless suits in the courts of law, and finally to appear before the public a bankrupt. TitE YELVERTON SCANDAI,.-Tho case of Major Yel- verton como before the Court of Common Fleas on Tuesday. Mr M. Smith applied for a rule to show cause why tho writ of summons obtained from the court against the major by Mr Thelwall should not bo set aside. Mr Thelwall, it will bo remembered, is the gentleman who obtained judgment in the Irish courts in favour of his claim for necessaries supplied to Mrs Longworth Yelver- ton. The main question to be decided appears to bo whether tho English courts can exercise jurisdiction in the matter. Mus YELVERTON IN ANOTHER DILEJIMA.-The Cale- donian Mercury states that tho £150, ordered by tho Houso of Lords to be paid to Mrs Yelverton to defend her against tho appeal of her husband, has been arrested by her own. agents in .London for expenses already incurred. THE LAST HOURS OF MEYERBEER.-rHo expired peacefully. After having been for many years out of health, tho last stop was a brief one and devoid of agony, Some of his family called to him from Germany on symptoms of dangerous illness showing themselves, ar- rived in time, and were round his bed on the evening of Sunday week. ^Looking at them, he said, " Good night to you all, till to- morrow." These wore his last words and their tranquillity is moro than ordinarily touching as the farewell of one vexed with so many dream-terrors as he was. These were to bo seen in tho paper of direc- tions which was found in the deceased master's travelling portfolio, touching tho disposition of his remains. Ho feared to be buried alive, and accordingly directed that his body should remain with tho face uncovered for four days aftor lu's deceaso ; that on the fifth tho experiment of bleeding should bo tried ; that two watchers should sit by the corpse day and night ; and that if by chance, he died in Germany, and was taken to a head-house (us is the custom there), bells should be duly attached to his hands and feet. The Gazelle Musicale is our au thority for adding that among Meyerbeer's papers were found many prayers, written by himself for hiB own uso. -Atheneeum. KOSSINI AND METEEHEER.-Kossini having learned on Monday morning that Meyerbeer had been rather worse the evoning before, went to tho Ruo Montaigne to learn how the patient had passed tho night. Entering tho house, ho inquired of the concierge how M. Meyer- beer ¡was that morning. Without any precaution the man fepliod that the great composer was dead. At this terrible announcement the visitor staggered and would have fallen had not the other supported him. Ho re- mained for nearly ten minutes incapable of movement, and when he recovered a little, requested to seo a mem bor of tho family. Ono of Meyerbeer's.daughters came downj and Rossini, when ho saw her, burst into teurs and embraced her affectionately. Ile spoke at great length of the deceased, and it was a considerable time before hp ..was in a state to return to his own residence. Rossini and Meyerbeer had been acquainted for upwards of fifty years.-Jira, May 15. SINGULAR FATALITY.-In the Record of Wednesday last we find the following obituary notice ;-" SETON KAUEJ-JUANES-May Gth, occidentally drowned at Mep tune, in his 13th year, Andrew, eldest son of tho' late. George Cerkeley. Sfiton-Korr, of tho Bombay Civil-Ser-', viooj also, at tho same timo, Frederick Jcones, Esq., tutor in tho family."-A private lotter received. in this town, from a friend of the family thus sadly bereaved, adds a. melancholy interest to tho above announcement.. The writer says : "The bright garden rosos and geraniums were in fullest bloom, and a Iorgo party of happy'cousins in full gloo, whon suddenly ono of tho boys came bock from the hills, screaming * Andrews dead-he's drowned !' Miss Soton-Korr, tho motlier, was tho first to hear-ra widow! of eightoon months. Mrs TS., gathored tho weep- ing girls and children, and sought to improve it to their soul-, and in tho ovening F. addressed ail solemnly, and prayed. _The boys and .. their tutor had .sat by him that day, at a sèrvico.in the French chapel. In roaming over, the hills, * Andrew ran round a largo. cistern to catch a groen ¡frog, and fell in. Tho tutor plunged after him, and, weighed down by his clothes, sank, to rise no more. Tho water in thé well was nine and a half foot deep, and che walls perpendicular, Andrew rose to the surface, and seized'a rod which. his , brother hold out. There, for nearly jhalf an hour, the bravo boy sought to save him. Ho says, * Wo' talked all tho timo ; wo both prayed, Annreyv praying that God would forgive .his sins, and take him to heaven. Ho said, " Now Henry, I hope you will bo! a Christian after this.' I give you olí I've got, Henry] only toke this to mamma"-throwing up his wntch,i which back-" Now, Henry, I'm going ¡ I can't hold a minute longor-one-twp-threo !" ' and he sank, and Henry rushed home. The poor, mother said, ' Ho was the ono I could toast spare, but tho one I was quito sure was ready.'' The tutor was.a Christian."-, Liverpool Daily Courier. EXTRAORDINARY SCENE.-PREPARING, FOR HEATH. One inorniug last weok, a coremony of a very peculiar, character occurred at tho west Bromwich Cemetery. At about!6 o'clock, Mr George Wilks, an octogenarian Íiolitican, who had taken a leading part , iii affairs of a ocal nature for many y cars, accompanied by a few private frionds, assembled for the purpose oflaying tho first stone of the grave intended for the reception of his remains "when ho haa shuffled off this mortalol póil." , Mr T.P. Brough, the Fidtis Achates of the expectant deceased, was selected to perform tho ceremony, and was presented with an elaborate silver trowel, which had been expressly' manufactured for the occasion. Mr Brough, having received tho trowel, after tho usual formalities bad been performed,' read tho following address ;-"In tho name of the ratepayers of west Bromwich, I do hereby loy tho fi rt brick of tho tomb of our dearly beloved and esteemed patriot, Georgo Wilks ; and wo beseesh Thoo, O Lord, that tho little time ho has to live in this world he may live in the fear and love orG-od, so that in his, last mo- ments ho may bo able to say, 'All is well, All is well,' und may his noblo spirit ascend to that placo wheroall islovo anti harmony-Heaven-and bo able to exclaim,' 'All is well I' O Lord, we beseech ibo to fill this tomb with the lovo of tho Holy Ghost." After tho coromony was con- cluded,- those, in attendance received the sacrament. Dispaiçh, May 1. , \- WHAT, SHOULD BB DONE AT ONCE.-Shutting one's self up in,a convent, marrying, and throwing ono's self over a precipioo, aro three things which must be done without thinking too much about them. DBATII OJ» A, ? *' LIVING, SKUÜBTON" AX TOBK.-An inquest was hold on Monday evening, at York, on the body of a boy, about 14 years' of ' age, haniedi Robert Corbett, who lied died on the previous night. His fathei ! had gone to America two years ago from Clonmel, Ire- land, and a fortnight before last Christmas deceased was exhibited at Reynolds's Waxwork Exhibition, at Liver- pool, as a "living skeleton." Ile had sinco been taken to the principal towns, and was last week exhibited in Castlcgate, York, after having visited Leeds, Bradford, Huddersfield, and Wakefield. He was dressed in a fan- . tastic style, and was so frightfully emaciated that there was no wonder one of the witnesfe» described it ns a disgusting exhibition, nis mother took him round the country for the sake of a livelihood; though it was stated that the poor boy himself was desirous of being shown to on "admiring public" as one oí thu "greatest wonders of the world." Mr North, surgeon, who was called in about two hours before tho deceused's denth, which he attributed to a scrofulous disease, thought that tho public exhibition ofthechild was highly objectionable as regarded his health, but he was not prepared to eny that death was accelerated thereby. The jury returned a verdict "That the deceased had .died of scrofula," and at their request tho Coroner severely reprimanded tho mother for her conduct, stating, however, that os it had not been mado out that her conduct had not accelerated her sou's death, she- had oscaped a criminal verdict.-Dispatch, May 22. TltB following striking instance of extemporaneous Church discipline is given in tho Cork Constitution : " On Ascension Thursday, which is a holiday with th« Roman Catholics, a priest, on his way to sny mass, met some of his Hock with carts convoying three loads of copper from the wreck of the Magpio in 'the county Clare. He immediately jumped off his car or gig and collared tho first driver, striking him in the throat with his clenched fist, and fiercely exclaiming, " Don't you know this is a holydny ? Poddy, you ruffian, I have given you up BS a bad caso long ago.' The priest then turned to the second driver, and delivered a violent blow upon tho nose. This man deprecatingly observed that he did not think it was a holiday of obligation, to which the pastor replied, *D-you well you knew it was!' The third offender escaped the blow that was aimed at him hy nimbly stooping and getting out of tho. way. He insisted that they should leave the carts, which were escorted by the police, and go back with him to tho chapel, shaking his fist at them, and slating that it would be a sore day's work for then. Two of the,men obeyed the priest, and ran after him to mass. To the one that remained a gentleman present said, 'Paddy, I would advise you to summon the priest for assault.' To which Paddy answered, * It would be os niuch as my life is worth if I did so ; but I would do it if «my passage was naid to America.' " BORNE UN THE WATEBS.-A remarkable circumstance in connection with thc late flood at Sheffield (soya the Leeds Mercury) has just come to our knowledge. At the time the inundation took place a living infant in a cradle floated from Sheffield to Marlborough, which is about four miles distant from Doncaster. The little thing fell into the hands of a clergmun's wife, who treated it kindly, and has since then brought it up, no one having owned it, its parents having probably been drowned. SPOILING A DINNER.-A Gorman journal relates tho following :-" About a year ago, at Potsdam, the Prince Rjyal had invited to dinner tho corps officers, without including his cousin Princo Frederic Charles. The lat- ter, in order to revenge himself for the slight, caused the generple to bo beaten just nt tho moment when tho party were about to sit down at table, and all tho officers, in- cluding the Princo Royal as general of division, were obliged to leave the smoking dishes and hasten to the place of muster. This trick was the causo of Prince Frederic Charles being expelled from Court for six months." A MAN, brought recently to trial, in France, for the murder of his wife and mother-in-law, put, in quite a new plea,, which, however, was over-rulod. . ' Remomber, M. les Jures,' said tho man, who defonded himself, 'that I am fifty years old, was married very early, and my wife's mother has never left us, and yet 1 have nevor done this before.' The circumstances wbro not considered sufficiently ' extenuating,' and the jury found the prisoner guilty. A MAN, named fosh, was taken beforo an Amoricon Justice for stealing a hog, und three witnesses swore they saw him commit the theft, A wag haring volunteered as counsel for Josh knowing the scope of tho squire's brain, arose and addressod him ns follows :;-" May it picoso your honour, f can establish this man's honesty beyond tho shadow of a doubt, for I have twelve witnesses ready to swear thal they did not see him steal it." Tho squire rested his head fur a few moments on his hands, as if in deep thought, then with great dignity arose, and brushing back his hair said-" if thero aro twelve who did not seo tho theft, and only threo who did, I have no alternative but to discharge tho prisoner." . OPENNESS.-" Well, how do you like tho looks of the varmint," said n Southwester .to a Downcuster, who was '.lazing with round eyed w;onder, and evidently for the first time, at a huge alligator, with wide open jaws, on the muddy banks of the Mississippi. " Wal," replied tho Yankee,' " he aint what yeow call a handsome critter, but ho's got à greot deal of openness when he smiles." CUSTOMER : A slight morning hatband if you please. Hatter : What relation, sir?-Customer : Wife s uncle. .-Hatter: Favourite uncle, sir?-Customer: '-Um- well yes-Hatter : May I ask, sir, are you mentioned in tho i will*-Customer : No such luck.-Hatter (to his assist- ant, briskly) : Couple o' inches, John :-Punch. A PERTINENT QUESTION.-A virgin of 25 was lately throwing out some affected sneers at matrimony, when a gravo j friend in the company observed to her that " marriages were mado in Heaven," " Can you tell me, Sir," rejoined the sly nymph, " why they nro so slow in coming down P" AN ANSWBB REQUIRED.-Dr Cullen says tho bnok bone of Ireland has gono to America'. He omitted to state when the jawbone w'as to follow.-Punch. VALUE OF SLAVES IN MARÏLAXD.-Slaves are cheap in Maryland.' Three were sold at auction a few days sinco at Froderiok ; ono a girl 8 years old, for 1 dollar ¡ a woman for 15 dollars, and a woman with a child 5 yoara old for 25 dollars. -Missouri Democrat. 