TIlE SHBAKESPEARE TEROENTENARY. TIE StratfOrd-upon-Avon Tercentenary Celebration offers a brilliant contrast to the misorablo and humiliating fiiluro of the London Committooee. The town whilo we writo is crowded. Houses and lodgings oven in Warwick, Loamnington, and otlher noigh bouring places have mounted to an alarming figuro, and nearly all the places are takeon for nearly all the performances. Roserving do tails for our next number, we will for the present content ourselves with presenting the main features of tihe programme. The festival was inaugurated on the 23rd of April by a banquet in the Pavilion, at which Lord Carlislo presided, followod by a display of fireworks at night. On the 24th, Sunday, thero wore two sermons, one preached by the Arcllhbishop of Dublin, and the other by the Bishop of St. Androws. Yesterday, Monday, in tho morning the " Meossiah" was given, and in the evening there was a grand mis collaneous concort. To-dayis to be given up to excursions to Charlocoto, Hampton Lucy, and other Shakespearian localities, and in the evening the Haymarket company will poerform Tweolfth Night. To- morrow morn-' ing thero will be readings from Shaklosperiro (but by whom does not appear), and in the evening the Princess's company will give representations of Romeo and Juliot, Juliot by Mdlle. Stella Colas, and the Comedy of Enmors, the two Dromios by the brothers \Vebb. These have been substituted for the Hamlet of Mr. Fcchter. On Thursday there will be a concert of instrumental music and glees from Shakespeare's plays, and in the evening a performanco of As You Like It. Friday is to be devoted to the ball, for which our modistes and tailors have been studying the costumes of time characters of Shake slpearo's plays for months past; and on Satur day, for those who still remain at Stratford beyond the week, there will be a series of popular entertainments in the Pavilion. On Monday, May 2, fMr. Coxwoll's balloon ascent is to take place, and there will be a full-dress ball in the evening. On Tuesday there will be a performance of Othello, and on Wednes day of Much Ado About Nothing-both under the superintendence of Mr. Croswick; Hero, at least, is a Shakespearian banquet in such good taste, and displaying such prodigal liberality, as to reflect honour on the town which lhas the glory of having given Shake speare birth. The banquet, which was held in the Pavi lion on the Birthday, and which inaugurated the festival in Shtratford-upon-Avon, was a special success. Lord Carlisle presided and was strongly supported. ''The whole of the vast picturesqueo interior was crowded. In the course of the morning, Max Miillor-had presented an address to the mayor and cor poration from the city of Frankfort, and in the evening another address from the Free German Hoohstift at Franklfort was read by Professor Leitner, ofKing's College, attended by Dr. Karl Daumaun and Dr. Heinrieh Broklhaus. The speechles and the charac teristic music of thie evening passed off with brilliant effect. The t\wo marked speeches of the evening were delivered by Lord Carlisle and Mr. Creswickl. On the followiqg day, Sunday, the congregations at the church were of unparalleled magnitude. The ser mon, preached by the Archbishop of Dublin, was an elaborate eulogy of Shakespeare, oc cupying nearly an hour. In London, the only public celelbration consisted of a shabbyprocession of working men who went to Primrose-hill to plant an oakl from Windsor Forest in honour of Shake spelare. Handbills had been sent about, and dropped into areas begging aid and attend ance; but the gathering was the most con temptible and ridiculous probably ever witnessed in a metropolis which can count up more failures in this way than, probably, any other in'the world. The "distinguished" company collected on the ground consisted of Mr. PaulBedford, Mr. Toole, Mr. Hepworflh Dixon and Mrs. Hepworth Dixon, Dr. WV. Marston, and a few more. Mr. S. Pholps planted the tree, a lady clhristened it, and then the crowd, having, as it turned out, really collected for a very different purpose, formed themselves into an indignation meet ing about Garibaldi. From this intention, however, they wore driven by the police, and the Great Niational Committee which com menced a few months ago by insulting Thackeray, very nearly gave up the ghost in the station-house. During the wholo of tho 17tl and 18th of April the village of Hemsworth was in a state of great excitoment, in consequence or a riot between the. English and Irish nav vies. It appeared that for some time past there lias been an ill- feeling between the men of tho two countries working on the West Riding and Grimsby Railway. One of the Englishmen having, been insulted a day or two previously, he at once called his companions together for the purpose of at tacldin- the Irishmen. About one o'clock on the morning on thle 17tlh of April, th" houses in which the Irish navvies re ided weore attacked and unroofed, the mn torials falling on tho slooping occupants. Lateor in thle morning the Irish toolk up a position in Buitcher-wood, and soent off mus songers to Walton and KIingsloy cuttings, calling on their countrymon to come to their assistance. . largo forco of polico from Barnsloy and other places, armed with cut hi~ses, wore soon oin the ground, and wore the moans of stopping the oentrance into the villago of 300 of the Kingsloy Irishmon, who woro marching on the road armed with picks, sticks, and a plentiful supply of stones. A shocking aflfir occurrod recently at Fiskorton, near Nottingham. An aged couple, Samuenol Parker, 60 years of ago, and hlis wife Elizabeth, wihoe is in her 76th year, have a son, nameod iclhard Thomas, about 30 years of age, a married man, who has for some time boon separated from ,his wifo, and hlas, theorefore, lived at homo with his pa rents, carrying on a small bu'ltchor's business on his ow-n account. Ono day he wont by special train to Sheffield, promising to roturn the same night, as his father wishod him to assist him in drilling some corn. It appears hIo did return to Nowark the sanmo night, and remained theoro until the half-past four train to Fiskertoon n the following day. IHo lhad then beeoon drinking lhard at the crickot-field, and, it is stated, was rofused a ticket by the clerkic, but anotheir person ob tained oneo for him. On reaching home his faitheor found fault with him for not returning according to promise, and hlighl words on sued, which soou led the son to throeaton hIis father with blows, and a sort of chase took placo round the houso. The father took refilugo in the stableo, and thel mother, seeooing .icehard takeo i loaded doublo-barrellod gun from theil shlolf, ranil out of the hlouso and called in alahn to the old gentleman to' keeoop out of the way, as Tom had got the gun. The same instant Richard deliberatoely lo volled the gun at his motlher's head, firing thlrough a pane of glass in the window as lhe stood in the room. The poor creature fell frightfully wounded, and the father vontured to the stable door to seeoo what was the matter. The inhuman son thon took aim at him, and lodged the greater part of the contents of the sdcond barrel in his face and chest. The second shot passed through thIe adjoining pane of glass. Assistance being at hand, the unfortunate couple woro taken into the houso, and isIa surgeon was sent for. It was thought that M\rs. Parker could not survive many ]hours, and some of the shots in Mr. Parker's haod wore in such dangerous po sitions that it was very doubtful what might be thle result in a few hours, although hIis wounds wore less dangerous than those sUBs tained by his wvifo. Richard ran out of the houso without his hat, towards the rivor Tront, which was only a fow yards distant, leaving the gun reared up ii a corner. About half-an-hour afterwards he was ap prohended by a police constable, loaning over a gato near the river-side. On being charged with shooting his father and mother, he said hie lhad done it, but it was an ac cident. Ho at first resisted very violently, but was compelled to yield to superior force. On' the way to Southwell hlo repeatedly asked whether lie slhould be hung, and said if lie were he should die on the scaffold like a dog. On Wednesday, April 13, he was brought beofdro the oRev. J. T. Beecher, one of the Notts magistrates, at Southwoll, but, in consequenc of the precarious state of hIis father and mother, lhe was remanded for a week. Eloven gunshlot wounds were found in the old man's faoo,'and eigllt in- his breast. It is thought the braini of Mrs. Parker has been roached. They botlh say "Poor Tom is not to blame," and when the old man made his will after being wounded, he wished to leave hIis son the whole of his property. '"He would never have done it if hlo had not gone into such a passion with him." The old lady is not expected to re cover. An attempt has been made to take her depositions, but she was too ill to give her evidence. The prisoner has been lodged in the Nottingham county gaol, to await his trial on the charge of attempting to murder at the next Notts Assizes. One of those frequent deaths from wearing crinoline took place at Amerly, near London. The deceased had her infiant, only a few months old, in her arms, when, passing the fireplace, her dress, distended by orinoline, was forced by the draught against the bars. In a minute she was ii a blaze, and it was some time before the flames could be ex tinguished. Her burns wore of so exten sive a nature that she died.-Another death fromh the same cause took place at Univer- sity Hospital. The deceased had placed a looking-glass on the mantel- shelf, and stooll. before the fire to comb lher hair, when hlier dress ignited, and she sustained such serious injuries that she died shortly after her ad mission- to thle hospital. A carpenter, in thie employ of the Grea~t Eastorn Railway Company, was engaged in putting up some troughing to supply a steam-engine in a brickldiold at Epping, and whilst doing so a rusty nail was driven into his right wrist. The wound getting painful, he10 went to St. Bartliolomew's Hospital, after having boon attended by a surgeon at homo. Thie hand getting worseit was do cided to amputtle it, which was accordingly done, but the deceased still got worse, and died. A man, about iOu years o0 ago, was charged lbefore the county magistrates at Rochester with going to sleep in the open air. The accused was observed by a police man to go behind a straw stacbl between 4" and 5 o'clock in the morning, and lie down to go to sleep, when the officer immediately pounced upon him and took him into c'us tody. The accused said he had nowhere to sleep. The Rev. Mr. Marsham, the presid ing magistrate, told the prisoner he was "an almost incorrigible character," and sentenced him to six weeks' hard labour. A man was admitted into the Southern Hospital, Liverpool, on the morning of April 19, suffering from hydrophobia. It appears that he was bitten by a dog on the 28th November last. The lacerated parts were at once cut out, and caustio applied. Up to the preceding day liho appeared quite well, but in the afternoon he began to ex perionce some difficulty in swallowing, and soon after well-marked smptoms of hydrop hobia set in. He gradually grew worse, and died on April 20, about 36 hours :after the symptoms first set in. Cardinal Wisoman has delivered at South Kensington Museum a .very interesting lecture, which occupied two hours, on the prospects for good architecture id London. He pointed out the total want of harmony, and a definite national character in the me tropolitan structures. Although London possessed architects equal to any work, there was no general rule or design in building. Hero was the Tudor, thoro the classical; hero tle roemnissanc, thIoro perhaps the Turlishi. Il religious archlitecturo the publlic tnsto seemed now to lbo gravitating towards what was groat and good; although in numeorous cases solidity was found without a sulliciont admixture of graco, an inclination to scri fico beauty to mess. Somotimes vast liues appeCared to be grimly disposed, and synn mnotry a little too conspicuously despised. By degrees, he thought, genius would purgo architecture of its glaring defects, and a style be struck out which would bo thorough ly rhythmical. A kind of briclrs often ontored into our modeorn public Ibuildings which marred the geonoral oleffloct. The brick of Nero's ago was much moro durable and attractive. Terra cdtta, of which he had recently soon some boeautifuid specimens ill buildings, promised to aid the work of im provomout. It might bo objected that he had beoon speaking as if London would be dostroyod. Ho certainly did not anticipato that as a result of fire, now that every parish had its engine; and diplomacy had now clearly taken the place of ploughing up cities and sowing the ground with salt. As to the fthure, hio did not beliovo any city could go on advancing in prosperity for over; and architectural as well as othlor changes must come in the course of time. The feeling which ought to be cultivated in reference to public architecturo was'one of roverence-a respect for overything that was great or good, overything that was beaonutiful in itself or its associations, overything that was national or historical-a feeling that theoro was in all this a value not to be balanced by passing advantnages or pecuniary gains. The lecturer was listeoned to with earnest attention and frequently interrupted by chleers. Tirn PRIxoe?ss O CooRo.-?for Hlighl noss the Princoss Victoria Gouramma of Coorg, god-daughter of the Queeoon, died promaturely on March 20, at the hoiso of hler huslband, Colonel John Campbell, in Georgo-streeootr Portman-squaro. Most people who remember the circumnstances under which the Princess of Coorg was taken under tlhe protection of her lranjosty a dozen years ago will fool their interest renewed by tihe announcemennt of the early death of the daughtor of the last of the Halori Rnajahs. The father of the Princess of Coorg, Veer Rsjundor, was tlhe namesakeo of hIis fhmous uncl, Veer Rajundor Waddoor, whom Iheo succoodod in 1810, when a boy of fifteeoon. The uncleo was one of the few friends of British sovereignty in India. The Princess Gouramma was confirmed and admitted as a communicant, under thie auspices of the Queeoon, and a few years ago she married Colonel John Campbeoll. VIscou?eT SionOUrour.-Tho Right Hen. William Leonard Addington Viscount Sid moutll of Sidmouth, county Devon, in the pooeerago of the United Kingdom, died on March 25, at his seat, Albury, neaor Guild ford, Surrey. The deceased nobleman, who was in holy orders, and had formerly boeen rector of Pool, in Wilts, whichl he resignod in 1833, had beoon in declining hoalth for some months past. A foew woelks ago threeoo men, who repro sented themselves to bo in the Confederate service, were taken into custody on a charge of piratically seizing a United States ship, in which they took passage as peaceable voyagers. Yosterday, in the court of Quoeen's beoncl, Mr. Edward amos moved for a writ of habeas corplus to have the mes brought up in court. A rulo nisi for the writ was granted; the judge at the sann time saying that, as the case appeired is the palpors bofore the court, it looked very like a case of piracy. ThIe gold modal established by tile Society of Arts, in memory .of its lato president, tihe Prince Consort, to be called the Albert Medal, and to be bestowed, from time to time, for distinguished merit in promoting arts, mnmnufacturos, and commerce, has been adjudged to Sir lowland Hill, K.C.B., in recognition of his eminent services to all classes of the community, in the creation of tihe penny postage system and other postal reforms. The trial of an illegal maririage case has taken place in the county Donegal, under extraordinary circumstances. The case came before the court upon an application to recall letters of administration which had been taken out by a woman named Boas land, claiming as the .widow of a man named B3axter. Her right was disputed on the ground that she was not legally married to deceased, as it appeared that hlie was a Presbyterian and she a Roman Catholic. Slhe could not tell the month or the year when thle illegal marriage was celebrated, nor the priest who performed it, her head being covered at the time.? A Roman Catholic clergyman was examined, who stated tlhat he married the parties, after hlav ing first baptised deceased conditionally, and hle afterwards baptised their child without the father's knowledge. At tho time of the decoeasod's death he was detained by his wife's relatives in their house, and hle was buried as a RIoman Chitholic. His father swore, howover, that he was always a Presbyterian. The court gave judgment for the plaintiff, recalling the administra tion. In conformity with a resolution come to by the corporation of Dublin a very nume rously signed petition is toboe presented to day to tthe.House of Commons, at the bar of the House, by the Lord Mayor of Dublin in person, supported by a large number of t;he Cbuncil, all wearing tiheir civic gowns. The petition requests that the House will take into their early consideration the alarming condition of the agricultural pop ulation and the unsettled relations of the owners and occupiers of the soil, with a view to passing an equitable measure of tenantright for Ireland. The dispute between Mr. Smee and tie eathers of tie Oratory, respecting the pro perty of the late Mr. Hutchison, which has already engaged the attention of the House of Commons, is now before the court of probate; Mr. Hutchlison, who was Mr. Smeoo's brother-in-law, became a Rloman Catholic some years ago, joined tihe Fathers of the Oratory, and passing over his family, bequeathed his property to the 1Rev. Mr. Knox, as trustee for the oratory. The will is disputed, as hlaving been obtained by un due influence, and after two days' hearing, the case was adjourned to April 29. . Tim WTnoxGs O" TE STOMA?c~?e.--In most of the early literatures is to be found a dialogue between the Body and the Soul, in which each accuses the other of their mutual perdition, recapitulating the offonces whlichl have produced it. Something similar might lhe written withl good effect, dividing the imsaginary conversation between, lot us say, the Stomach and the Mani and making an ittack of got 1tho subject of tlhoir r:orimina Lions. Tho Man miglt accuse tlhe Stonmach of having doneo its duty so badly that ho is tormnontd with a ltrning firo in his ox tromilies, which will noither lot him oat, diink, walk, nor rest. Tho Stomach might pioiad jusiification, and say that shlo had ightod theo said firo as the only m1o11ns of gotting a momont's rest from an intolerablo tnskmastor. Again tho Man might coam plain that ho had lost all enjoyment of life, lhat his spirits woro depressed, his mind gloomy, his appotito gone, his onco fine nuscular system reduced to flabby indo lonco; that his food did him moro harm tlan good, so that it had boucono a mtisory to oat, and that ovory meal was followed by a loadon oppression which rondored lifo an iisupportablo bnrdon. Tlho Stomach,Ihaving istoned to all this, delivered in a tone of ingry ncciisation, would roeply, " My case is just as bad as your own. 3Beforo I had woll ligostod your brealkfast, you gave me a moat unclhoon to soo to, and beoforo I had got that out of tho way, you thrust a dinner upon me large onoughl for throe stomachs. Not sa iistiod with that, you wound up tlihe day with a suppor, dronohing mo all tho timo with ailo, wino, spirits, tea, colfeo, rum, monro wino, and nmoro spirits, till I thought you had taken loavo of your sonsos; and whoen i hoard you groaning in your sloop, starting up overy now and thlon.as if apoploxy hlad broken into tlihe houso, and was going to carry you on', I said, ' Servo him right if it did.' And in this way you wont on, yonr after yonr, treating all my romhonstranucos with conltempt. I gavo yuou head-acho after hoad-aclhe; I tried to recall you to reason with half-a-dozen attacks of influonza, gavo you a bilious fovor, mnado you smnart with a rhounmatism, twinged you with gout till you roared. lBut all to no purposo. You wonlt on making mo digest till the work broko my back, and now I can digest no longer." This reproach might be oven mado pathotic, by a description of the stomachl watching its hard tasks como down to it from thu regions abovo botwoon dinner and bodtimo. First comes a plato of soup and broad, and a glass of sherry; "I can manago that," says tihe Stomach. Thon a plato of fish, witlh more broad and noro sheorry; "and that," adds the Stomach, "though thles sauces don't quito agroo with mo." Tlhon comes boof or mutton, or both, and stout; then game and shorry; thou a dish of tart. "Confound this pastry," says the Stomaclh, "it gives me more troublo than anything elso; but if the master will only stop hero, I think, if I put out all. my powers, I can got oven this rubbish.out of the way." But she has hardly taken this hopoful view of tho case, whelon down come cleooso, celery, apples, oranges, nuts, figs, almonds and raisins, port, sherry, claret, and.a tumblor of hot Ilollands-aid-mwator. " Goodt gra cious! was thero ever such a moss?" ox claims tie Stomach; "what can the man moan ? Does he think one pair of hands can manago all this?" Still the willing slave goes to work, when presently there is a rush of hot tea from above, with a thin slice of broad and butter. And when the Stomach with infinito labour has got the hodgo-podgo into some sort of homogonous shape, and is preparing to take a nap after her oexhaustion, lo ! a devilled drumstick rushes into its laboratory, two devilled kidl noys, a bottle of stout, and threo tumblers of hot brandy-and- water.-London Reoview. TIE MoTIOroNr OF lOnIsIELts.-At night we can so the path of a shell through all its journey, lightod as it is by the burning fuse. When the range is two miles, the track of a shell from a mortar describes very near half the area of a circle. On leaving the mortar it gracefully moves on, climbing up and up into the heavens till it is nearly or quite a mile above the earth, and then it glides along for a moment, apparently in a hori rontal line; but quickly you see that the little fiery orb is describing the other seg ment of tihe circle. Asholl from a Panrrot rifled gun in going two and a half miles deviates from a straight line notquito as much as a sheoll from a mortar. But in passing over this space considerable time is required. The report travels much faster than the shot. A shell from a mortar will make a distance of two miles in about thirty seconds, and from a Parrot gun about half that time. The flash of a gun at night, and the white smoke by day, indicate the moment of the dischargo, and fifteen or twenty seconds give an abundance of time to find a cover in a splinter proof, behind a trench, or something olso.-American paper. A YWNIKE NO'rIox. .- "An American* capitalist came to me not many months since and opened the conversation by sayingS 'Sir, your name is Robson. I admitted that my name was Robson. 'And you are a statuary,' said ho. I admitted tlhis fact also, substituting sculptor. 'Sir,' continued hlie, 'I will give you a commission. I bowed and bogged him to be seated. ' ?Mr. :Robson, sir,' said he, drawing a paper from his pockot, 'I am a remarkable man. I was boru in.the environs of" Boston city, and began by selling matches five conts the bunch. I nam worth at this moment one million of dollars.' I bowed again, and said I was glad to hoar it. 'Sir,' hie Wont on to say, ' how I airned that million' o' dollars-' how from selling matches I came to running of errands; to take care of a hoss; to trading in dogs, tobaccos, cottons, corns, and sugars; and how I came to be the man I am, you'll find mado out on this paper, dates and facts correct. Sir, it's a very remark ablo statement.' I replied that I had no doubt of it; but that I could not soe what it had to do with the matter in hand. ' Sir,' said my capitalist, 'overything. I wish to perpetuate my name. You have a very pretty thing, sir, hero in Rome-a pillar with a procession twisting up all round it, and a figgor up at top. I think you call it Trojan's column. Now, Mr. Robson, air, I wish you to make me one exactlylike it-same height, same size, and money no object. You shall represent my career in all my various trades a twisting round tihe column, beginning with the small chapsellingmatchesat five cents the bundle, and ending with a full-length figger of Mo at the summit, withl one hand, thus, in my bosom, and the other under my coat tails !'" MAnAoAsoAn.-Is - ee RUADA?,rA. LVIN G? -The French papers havo once more revived the story that IRadama II. is still alive in Madagascar, and will shortly reappear and resume the reins of government. They even go so far as to affirm that an dmiets has talken place at the capital, in expectation of his arrival. It is pretended tlhat the King escapeod strangulation by promising.to pass for dead, till a modification of the treaties Icould be obtained and the Lambert convon tion abrogated; but that now bolth King and nobles discovered in tho primo minister too great amblition, and theroforo they are re solvedl that nfflirs shall revert to their old position. Theso stories are so obviously sutlled to the promotion of French schemes, tlhat very little credit ought to obe attached to them. It is the object of the men who have designs on Mnadagascar first to make out that the people are not averse to the conces sion made to M. Lalnbert by the late King, aId next, that affairs areo in such a stato of anarchy that F'renlch intervention is abso lutely necessary. Tinu PavneV x Srvw. TrnlT.--The Peru vian slave trado in the Pacific lieha, it is to be hoped, received its quietus. The British government thoroughly understands the naturo of the trafflic in Polynesians which the Callao shippers initiated in 1862, and is alive to the probability that, although the Peruvian government has disowned tihe pro codings of the kidnalppers, and sent back many of the South Seaon Islanlders who lhad boon ontrapped, the attomptwvill be reneowed in some noew and more spocious guise. A parliamontary paper just issued tells the whlolo story. An Irishman namned Byrno first obtailned a liconce from the Peruvitan governient to import South Sea Islanders, in order to supply the doemands of the labour markot at Canllo. Ilo brought nearly 300 men, wonion, and childron from the renhrya Islinds, promising them a certain siun for theloir labour for five yoear, and sold their con tracts at such a promniumn that colmpanies weoro inmnodiatoly formed at Lima to iimprovo the speculation. Their iagoets wore simnply pirates, who did not scruplo to entice the natives on board the ship by falso protonces, or to koop theom theoro by forco, and, when all their dovices failed, to make armed forays among the islanders, and carry them into slavory. The wholoe sclomno, happily, fifled, because the I'olynesians neithor could nor would do the work for which they wore wanted. Thio Peruvian government, thero fore, found little dificulty in complying with the domands of the French and English con suls, that a stop should he put to the traffic; but Earl Itulssoll, in oxprossing to the British clhargd-d'affairs at Lima his satisfaction at the choclk imposed upon these rascally man stealers, warns him to be vigilant, for they are likely enough to bo at their old tricks again if the watchfulnose of the consular body is relsxod. Theo oexponses attonding the m'arriago of the Prince of Wales, it appears from recent returns, amount to £24;855. 