THE CHRISTENING AT BLIN1Í130NNIE. j " I don't know sp, Mr. Francis, said the Rev. Mr. Monteith, "if you remember a bonnie orphan lassie, called Helen Ormiston, whom my wife took some years back, into the family, to assist her in the care of the bairns. Helen vi us come of no ungentle kin; , but poverty had sat heavily upon her father and mother, and sunk them into an early days and it was a God-send to poor Helen to get service in a house where poverty would be no reproach to her. If you ever saw the creature, you would not easily forget her. Many bonnie, brother lassies are to be seen daily ; but such a look of settled serenity and modesty you might go far to find. It quite won my wife's heart and mine, and more hearts than ours, as I shall tell you presently. As for the bairns, they just floated on her, and she on them and our youngest-poor wee t pet ! that is now in heaven during her long decline, was little, if ever, off Helen's knee. No wonder, then, that the losses grew pale and thin, ate little and, slept Pres. I first went down to anxiety, and when the bairn was released, to grief; and from these it' partly arose, no doubt but when weeks had passed! away-when even my poor wife dried her tww still Helen grew paler and thinner, and then I began to see more in it than appeared, and I bade her open her, heart to me, and open it she did, poor lassie with a flood of tears that moved me to see, " ' Sir,' said she, I mean going away-I came say -though I know it will break my heart to leave you, and Mrs Monteith, and the dear wee bairns in the nursery, and pure Jeanie arrive in this kirk yard ; but I'll tell you why. It is smart years now, Sir, since Willie Meldrum, auld Btinkbonnie'a son, fell in fancy wi' me, and I have had a much heart Bins j me. His father is a hard man, and he treats our oaths as was got je street to hear, that he'll cut Willie off was a shillin if he thinks of me and sure it would be a spur return of the lad's kindness to do not shown ill tain. So I made tak awa<qut of the country Uli %H "auld man dies, or Willie takes a wife to his mind for I wanna be the cause of poverty to another, though I've been so well used them myself.' a Helen's said I when did i Willie Meldrum find a way to your t heart? I never saw him at the manse' t Oh, sir said she, ' gin I could name are bidden in the house, he I was never have seen me but ye ken I was forced to g wag out while the Downs, vd there was so young that gated in and out of the gate but Willie was sure to find me out. If I gazed clean the ham, Willie was a Ifisbin ; If I gazed up the loading, there was something to be done about the kye. At the kirk door he was eye at hand to steer' for your honour and give the bairns posies. And after we lost were Jeanie, I could not slip out a moonlight night to sit a minute on the grave, but Willie would be there like a ghost beside me, and made my very heart leap to my mouth ' And do you return his good-will, Helen ? ' I said Oh, sir,' replied the poor lassie, 'I daur na tell you a lee I tried aye -to be as shy as a lassie should be to one abuse her degree, and to look rather gate when placed him coming, poor fallow but, oh, sir, his words were so true and kindly that I doubt I, didna answer him as short as I auld have gone. It's hard, sir, for a motherless, fatherless lassie to be address to the real lad that wad take her to his heart i and name; but it was the water for me to bring; down his father's curse on him and the auld man gets just harder and harder silks day, and the young one dafter and dafter ; see ye must just send me off to a decent service till Willie Meldrum is a free man or a bridegroom. ' You are a good girl, Helen,' I said and I will do as you say. Then if it be the will of God to bring you and Willie together, He will do it in His own way, for he has the hearts of all his Bus hands.' " So I went Helen, Mr. Francis. to my brother's in the south country, where she proved as great -a favourite as she had done with us. I saw her in a while after and though her bloom had not come back she looked tranquil and content, and as if her mind was on her duty- _ _ " Well, to make a long story short, though Willie, i worthy lad I took Helen's"" flutter in high dudgeon, still he was too proud or too constant to give her up and bind himself never to make her his wife, as his (father would have him do. So old Blinkbonnie, one I day, after a violent quarrel with Willie, made his will and left all his hard-won gear to a, rich brother of his own in Liverpool, who never wanted it. Willie, upon this, left his home very unhappy i and while he was away the old man fell sick. When he thought himself I dying, he sent for me, and I did my best to mend the breach between him and his only child. Ldial not j deny his right to advise his son in the choice of a wife ; but I told him he might seek far before he found a better lassie than Helen Ormiston, who had good looks as well as good sense, and she was not more soft and winning than she was frugal and steady; and then I told him how she had turned h deaf ear goo I all Willie's proposals of a private marriage, and Sacre I need her own feelings for his sake Dying rneahave I open ears, for a death-bed is an honest bett,, and the old man was won by me to make an will, and insect a clause consenting to his son's marriage with, this woman of her choice. This will he left in my hands for safety, tone produced when Willie returned, if he did return. I wrote, to Willie, telling him of his father's illness,' and encouraging him to come home I and do his duty ; but I was not able to be present at the meeting, as I was suddenly called away from home, and did not return, till s orne days after old Blink Bonnie funeral The poor old man had been greatly softened at the sight of his son, and full reconciliation between them made, both happy. It was, therefore, an unexpected shock to the young man, can opening the first will (the only one forthcoming in my absence), to find himself cut off from everything but the joint lease of-the farm, and instead of inheriting £6000, to be without a pound to each his own. ' It's hard,' Mid poor Willie, 'te gas. bath skirts and scorn-to last) Helen and the gear ; if I had lost it for her, they might has taken it that like." About a week after I came home, and found on my table a letter from Helen. She had heard of Will he's misfortunes, and in a very modest, engaging Way. asked me if I thought it would be acceptable to him to share his poverty and toil with him through life, I'm weel used to walk,' she said and I'd be blithe to walk for Willie Meldrum. Tell me, sir,' she added. if he will let me have a share of his burden and I trust we may wrestle through the gather. I owe it to him to help him now, though I never meant to bring; this blow on him.' - I put Helen's letter in one pocket and the old man's second still in the other, and walked briskly over to Blinkbonnie. (Willie was hard at work, like one who had no other resource ; but he confessed! that his heartfelt sore at his father's leaving the world with a grudge to him, which he did not expect from his, altered manners the few last days of his life. ' When he squeezed my hand on his deathbed, sir,' said Willie, I thought he had let bygones be by. games ; but the, will tells another tale,' ' Helen may soon do better now, Mr. Monteith,' he added 'we her bonnie' face and kind heart.' ' It is indeed a kind heart, Willie,' I said, as I handed him Helen's letter to me. Oh, if Helen had only seen the flush of grateful surprise that crossed the young man's' brow as he read that letter 1 ' And that's like Helen, sir," he said but I canna reward her '-gude-will as it der er see the zoo.' ' And what if you could, Willie r ' said There is your father's last will and now you are as rich a man as when honest Helen refused to make you a beggar.' Poor Willie was nsw fairly overcome, and turned away, not to let me see him weep. "The sequel is soon told; and my journey with Willie to Tweeddale to bring Helen back was very nearly the pleasantest jaunt of my life. " A year ago, I married them at the manse, amid much joy, though some tears in the nursery. And to-day when I am to christen my names, Charlie Meldrum, I expect to be fairly (leaved with<the rejoicings of my young fry, who, I believe, have not slept this week for thinking of the christening of Blinkbonnie. Come, Mr. Francis, it is four o'clock ; let us away." I wish you could see the farm of Blinkbonnie, lying, as it does, on a gently sloping bank, sheltered from the north by a wooded crag or knoll, flanked on the east by a group of venerable ash trees, enlivened on the west by a gay luxuriant garden, and open on the south to the Frith of Forth, the very beau ideal, of rural comfort and abundance. Beneath the spreading branches the cows were enjoying themselves, while Helen's peafowl (a present from the manse children) were taking their siesta on the top most boughs. In an adjoining paddock, graceful foals and awkward calves indulged in rival gambols, while joyous shouts from the garden- edge told us how Helen's young friends were enjoying their visit to Blinkbonnie. We made our way (Mr. Monteith and 1) by a narrow path, bordered with sweet briar and woodbine, to the front of the house, where its tall good-looking young master came to meet us; and I would not have exchanged his blushing, hearty welcome for all the courtesies of Chesterfield. No sooner were our foot steps heard, than out poured the minister's whole family from the honeysuckle porch, with glowing cheeks, disordered tresses, and frocks that had been white in the morning. Mrs. Monteith joined, in her own gentle way, the chorus of reproaches to papa for being so late. And then we were ushered into the parlour, whose substantial comforts and exquisite con- sistency spoke volumes in favour of its mistress. Opulence might be traced in the excellent quality of the homely furniture-in the liberal display of antique china (particularly the curious christening bowl) : but there was nothing out of keeping nothing to make you mistake for a moment, this first-rate farm parlour for a clumsy drawing-room, A few pots of logs, a few shelves of books, and a pretty knitted hearthrug (that showed to great advantage with the clean new matting that covered the room) bore witness to Helen's taste and thrift; but there were neither exotics nor romances, and the piece of furniture dearest in her eyes was the white-draped cradle, in which re- posed, amid all the joyous din, the little hero of the day ; his mother the perfection of a gentle, modest, self-possessed Scottish lassie her gown and cap white as snow, with a matronly grace of their own worth a world of fashion; and when she handed her first came into the outstretched arms of little Maggie Monteith, I thought I never saw a picture worthier of Curtcggio'a pencil. It was completed when, bending in the graceful awkwardness of a novice over the group, William Meldrum received his boy into his arms, and vowed before God to discharge a parent's duty-a serious part of which his own heart told him, was to deal gently with his child's tenderest affections, knowing and feeling, from his own experience, that human life and happiness are either made or marred by their exercise London Magazine, job Touch of Ktndxssb makes all. the world kin -The late venerable and respected Dr. Crichton, was in thereof one day on some message of mercy. He took special note of a young woman, and on getting into the lobby he asked the gaoler about her " Oh, doctor, that's one of the irreclaimable ; she's constantly in gaol ; from her there's no hope of anything good-" The doctor said, " Did we ever try to lassie with' a little kindness r" "No, sir, that would be absurd." Maybee, but I'll try her myself'." 'So, returning to the well, he clapped the girl heartily on the shoulder, and said, "Ye'reaguid looking. lass, and some day ture ye'll be as good as ye're bonny"." 'The poor girl burst into a flood of tears,' the first she had been known to shed ; possibly these were the first kind words she had ever heard. The kind tones of the old doctor's voice had touched some hldiort'chord , which had never vibrated before. They had touched some hidden spring, and the heart flew opens ' Dundee Advertiser. > 