ENGLISH EXTRACTS. GOVERNMENT GRATIS-President Lincoln has not drawn his salary for the past year from the treasury. When reminded by friends that by putting the amount upon interest he would reoeive an income of at least 1200 dollars, he replied that he thought that the United StateB needed the use of the money quito as muoh as any person, and he would let it remain.- Washington Star. The lateBt in the photograph line is the repre- sentation of the sitter minus his head, whioh he politely hands in a platter for the inspection of his friends, or tnoked np under his arm. We do not know how the matter is managed, presuming it is not in the way represented : but there is something very horrid in the fun. However, in these days of ghost sensation, the horrihlo is not, perhaps, to be cavilled at. DBATII OP NEARLY A WHOLE FAMILY FROM EATINO TOADSTOOLS -At a nice cottage near Coniston, on the road towards Tilberthwaite, and not far from the church, resided Mr. and Mrs. Dute and their family, consisting of four ohildren. They were natives of Devonshire or Corn- wall, and Mr. Dute's occupation was that of superintend- ing some of the operations connected with copper mines. During their resideuoe in Coniston they have gained the esteem of their neighbours. On Saturday, the 12th of September, John Dute, a fine boy of twelve, went into the neighbouring woods to seek nuts. He came upon a large bed of what he supposed to be mushrooms ; know- ing his father's fondness for them, he returned home and got his sister Amelia (a fine girl of sixteen) to uccorapany him book to the spot where tho supposed mushrooms grew. They gathered a quantity, and on their reaching home their father seleoted twenty or thirty to be stewed for supper ; when supper time oatne, Mr. Dute, who WUB very unwell, did not fanoy the dish, but Mrs. Dnte, Amelia, and John partook of theji. During the night Mrs. Date became poorly, and on Sunday tho doctor was called in. Amelia attended church in the morning, and though suffering from uncomfortable sensations, went to chapel in the evening. The sequel osn be told in a few words. What they thought to be mushrooms were toad- stools. Mrs. Dute died on Tuesday, and Amelia on Thursday, and John on Friday._ and on Saturday after- noon at four o'clock they were laid, side by side, in one i>r»a in flnnisfnn churchyard.- Westmoreland Omette RussiAH RBVENOE.-A Frenoh lady having arrived at Biarritz from Lemberg, expressed her sympathies with the Poles very strongly ; thiB exoited the indignation of the Hnssians, one of whom, a lady of high rank, struok the French lady in the face with her parasol j ust as the Empress was driving past. The result of this brutal not wss that the KmpresB Btrnck the name of the Russian lady and several other RusBiansout of her visiting list. The Russians determined on revenge. As the French lady was returning from an official soirée, a man accosted her with a letter, requesting her to read it immediately. Theoountesstooktheletter taber room and broke the seal. Immediately some detonating powder, whioh was in the seal, burst with a loud explosion, and the countess's head-dress was on fire. Luckily her chambermaid was near, and extinguished the flames, whioh bad already burnt her eye-brows and part of her hair. The letter contained the following words :-" Wretched little Polishwoman, do yon think we do not know that it is by your intrigues and your degradation that you have Buoaeeded in being admitted to the intimacy of that miserable little Frenoh Court? We care very little either for it or for you. Do not be too proud of those miserable distinctions whioh we shall know how to stop when we like. Let not your barefooted compatriots imagine that they will triumph through yon. Yon are now warned, and they will be also." The Hell's Life ofiioe was recently invaded by a party of pugilists, who were dissatisfied with a decision given by the editor. The editor wes finally compelled to summon the assistance of the oompositors to clear the ofiico of the pugiliBts. The editor threatens that if the tone of pugi- listic Booiety does not improve, he will discountenance the P.R. A novel, and, to those present, exciting, scene took i place last week at a concert in the Champs Elysues, A debtor and oreditor unfortunately met ; quietly-Bpoken reproaohes merged at last into loud and vociferous de- mands for instant payment. Of course that was out of the question. The creditor declared he would not again loso sight of his man, he would follow him home, watoh outside his door till morning, then have him arrested. The concert being over, the crowd that had overheard part of the row, and the whole of the threat, followed, to see if the debtor would not manage to escape his perse- cutor. It is probable that the latter-a man paBt youth by a long way-would soon have given up a olíase from one end of Paris to the other, when a looker-on suggested that the two should fight, thepolioe would interfere, both would be taken up, and in the morning, on the creditor explaining matters, he would be instantly Bet free, whilst the other would be in safe custody. This advice amused the mob, but displeased the debtor, who de- manded what right ho-the looker-on-had to interfere. Immediately a fight ensued between these two, in whioh the creditor joined, and, as was expected, the police came. During the souffle with them the debtor managed to escape, through the help of some sympathising people, and tho creditor and his adviser alone were walked off to prison. The American papers record that the wife of General Tom Thumb is «neunte. ., . The New York Tribune says Miss Dr. Harriet N. Austin, of Danaville, N.Y., recommends ladies to Bit astride on horseback, the present style being unsafe, un- graceful, unhealthy, nud unnatural. A number of strong-minded females have been star- ring it at the meetings of the Social Science Congress. It is rather amusing tosee the would-be learned speeoheB of those dry old individuals,- wbe, disappointed in the path whioh Providence has marked out for the gentler sex, set to work to write or speak dreary dissertations on subjects whioh were never meant to be the province of female minds. These hard, matter-of-faot ladies seem, indeed, to treat all men, women, and children as if they were born subject for a reformatory or prison. Ninety-nine out of n_hundred ladieB will say they do not speak the true opinions of their sex, who consider the roal province of u woman not to consist in deliver- ing »pooches or writing essays, bnt in making her home comfoi table and happy, and attending like a true mother to the happiness of her husband and children. And if she should bo single, as most of theso ladies aro, surely there are a thousand and one duties of a domestic or womanly character open even to the most disappointed and most sour-nnturcd of the female sex ! 