M E L B O U 11 N E . latest in t ELLIGBNOK. (ritojc our om cobrkspondekt.) \- Thursday, 7th July. Public life in Melbourne to-day present! a dreary and monotonous blank. Several Ministers are out of town ; and iu their absence, of course, departmental affairs are devoid of even the littlo variety they ex hibit now and then. There are no deputations, no public meetings, and not even the ghost of an election canard. So far as I can ascertain, however, a pro found feeling of disgust prevails throughout the city at the unseemly interruption mad# last night to the meeting in aid of the proposed monument to the late Mr Heales. It is regarded not only as an outrage to the memory of the dead, but to decency itsolf. Even if the proposal were premature or ill-advised, it is urged, surely those who thought so might have held their peace, and permitted th« undertaking to abide its fate ; but to get up a petty faction-fight over a good man's grave ! Fortunately the" taste and feeling of these persons are confined to a :very limited circle. Not a little merriment has been indulged in to-day at the expense of the acclimatisers ; several of whom are said to be still suffering a recovery after their four hours' gastronomical feat. Whether true or false,—the rumor is that the experiment was not so eminently pleasant a success as- we are re quested to beliove; and various reasons, are assigned for the occurrence of a mild philo sophic "row" between some of the savants, which.it or.e time varied the proceedings. Ill spite of all this " chaff," however, the object of the entertainment was decidedly praiseworthy, and its promoters may well endure an occasional sarcasm. Somewhat more than usual interest was felt in the proceedings of the Supreme Court to-day, as it was Known that a writ of habeas corpus would be maved for, to bring up Messrs Saweil and Hancock, the Provident Institute directors, now in gaol, with a view to their liberation. It was only towards the close of the day, however, that the matter was brought forward by Dr Mackay. He moved for the writ of habeas corpus on the ground that whereas the Court at which the prisoners ware convicted, in December, was adjourned sine die, the Judge had acted illegally by sentencing them the following April, as he was then sitting in a different jurisdic tion. Judge Barry, however, disposed of this argu ment very summarily. He said that it was before him the prisoners were tried last December, and he had a distinct recollection that the Court was ad journed, not sine die, but to the last day of terra. The prisoners were not sentenced on conviction, because several points were reserved for argument before the full Court. The term sittings commenced in February. The points were argued and decided against the prisoners, as was also a motion for a new trial. The term business having been concluded, ho (Judge Barry) took hn seat alone upon the Bench, and pronounced sentence. As his Honor was posi tive in this historical account of the matter Dr Mackay had no alternative but to withdraw. A sale of Crown lands at North Melbourne, which took place to-day, furnishes some features of unusual interest. The average price per acre realised was L2250, but a considerable portion went so high as L2500. But beyond this, one allotment fetched at the rate of L4250 per acre, and another at the rate of L6200. To find land realising so enormously is certainly an encouraging sign of the times, and it is notable that many of the purchasers entertain such confidence in the healthy state of affairs that they are said to have bought for the purpose of selling again—and shrewd gentleman like these scarcely calculate" upon realising at a loss. It is not likely that tbo same allotments would have brought more than a third of the money this time twelvemonth. In the case of the Municipal Council of Brighton v Brougham, the Supreme Court made a decision which is of some importance to Municipal Councils generally. Brougham, a ratepayer, objected to the manner in which the rates were assessed, that is, upon the gross annual value of hij property instead of the nett annual value. The Council sued him for tbo rates, when the Bench upheld his demurrer. The Municipal Council now appealed against the decision of the Police Magistrate, but the Court now also held that the mode of assessment was illegal—that, in fact, the rates should be assessed upon the nett annual value of the property. An appeal from the General Sessions of Kilmore was heard in the matter of tho- prosecution of a squatter hamediAdams, for having scabby sheep on his run. The magistrates originally finsd him for the offence but. it appeared that- only some of the sheep referred to .were infected, the remainder being free from disease. The Court held that they would not go into the question as to how many of the sheep were infected or otherwiss. It was evident the entire flock was not infected, and they thercforo quashed tho conviction.' 