THE 9.30 TTP-TRAm. (From Once a Week.} In a well-authenticated ghost story, names and dates should be distinctly specified. In the following story I am unfortunately able to give only the year and the month, for I have forgotten the date -of the day, and I do not keep a diary. With regard to names, my own figures as a guarantee at the end of tius paper,. as mat 01 me principal personage to wfiom t&e; following.' extraordinary 'circumstances * oc curred, but the minor actors are provided with ? fictitious names, for I amjnot warranted to make their xeal ones public. I may add that the be . liever in ghosts may make use rf the facts . which I relate to establish, his theories, if he finds thatthey will be of serrice to him— when ' he U»s read through, and well -weighed the startling account jwilch I -am about to give .: visit to Mm. Lyons, on my way to the Has sock's Gate Station/ ad the London and Brighton line. This station- is the first out of Brighton. As I rose to leave, I mentioned to the lady whom I was Tisitinet that I exoected a Darcel of books from town, and that I was going to the station to inquire whether it had arrived. ' Oh !' said she readily, ' I expect . Dr. Lyons oat from Brighton by the 9-30 train j if you like to drive the pony chaise down and meet Mm, you are welcome, you can bring your parcel back with yon in it' I gladly accepted her offer, and in a few minutes I was seated in a little low basket carriage, drawn by a pretty iron-grey Welsh pony. The evening was exquisite. The -sky was kindled with light, though the son was set A few gilded bars of cloud lay in the. west Two or three stars looked forth — one I noticed twinkling green, crimson, and gold, like a gem. I noticed the up-train shooting oat of the tunnel, its red signal lamps flashing brightly in the purple gloom which bathed the roots of the hills. Seeing that I was late, I whipped the Welsh pony on, and proceeded at a fest trot At .about a quarter of a mile from ' the ' sta tion there is a turnpike — an old-looking build ing tenanted by a strange old man usually dressed in a white smock, over which his long white beard flowed to his breast This toll collector— he is dead now— had amused him self in bygone days by carving life-size heads oat of wood, and these were stack along the eaves. One is the face of a drunkard, round and blotched, leering out of misty eyes at the passers-by; the next has the crumpled features of a miser, worn out with toil and moil ; a tidrd has the wild scowl of a manias - and a fourth, the stare of an idiot I drove past, flinging the toll to the door, and shooting to the old man to pick it up, for I was in a vast harry to reach tixe station be fore Dr. Lyons left it I whipped the little pony on, and he began to' trot down a ratting in the green sand, throngh which leads the station-road. ' ._. ' ' , \- ? r -»n ~$ni£d9-l& JNgyfr^glL EJaated JhwJeet resolutely in thsgR&ia;^tfciew . ap '3ns ~ head/ enorted, and xetoge5%) move a peg. I'gee- np-ed n and 'feted* all to no purpose ; not a step would the little fellow advance. I saw tnat lie .was 'thoroughly Alarmed i hi« -flflnfcg were quivenng, and his ears were thrown 'back. I was on the point of leaving the chaise, when the pony made a bound on one ode and ran tie carriage up Into the hedge, thereby up setting me on the road. I picked myself up, arid took the beast's heat I could not con-, ceive what had frightened him j there was po sitively nothing to be seen, except a puff of dost running up the road, such, as might be blown along by a passing current of air. There was nothing to be heard, except the rattle of a gig or tax cart with one wheel loose : probably a vehicle of this kind was being driven down the London road, which branches on at the torn pike at right angles. ' The Bound became fainter, and at last died away in the distance. The pony now no longer refused to advance. It trembled violently, and was covered with sweat. .- .... ' Well ! upon my word you have been driv ing hard r exclaimed Dr. Lyons, when I met him at the station. . ? ?? T have not, indeed,' was my reply j ' but something iaa frightened Taffy, bnt what . that something was, is more than I can tell' ' Oh, ah P' said the doctor, 'looking round with a certain degree of Interest in his fece; 'ao yoBmetil»aayQuiJ? ???':? 'Met what r ' Oh, nothing ; only I have heard of horses being frightened along this road after the arrival of the 9-30 tuvtrain. Elys never leave the moment that the train comes in, or the horses become restive — a wonderful thing for a fly-horse to become restate, Isn't it?' 'But ?« hat causes this alarm? I saw no thing.' ? ? \- 'Yftu 'ask me more than lean answer. lam as ignorant of the cause as yourself. I take things as they -stand, and -make no inquiries. When the flyman tells me that he can't start for a minute or two after the train has arrived, or urges on Ma sprees' to reach the station be fore the arrival -rf the teain, giving as. his xea r son that lus'brS^s become wild if he does not do so, then I merely 'eay, 'Do as you think ' beslj Otbby,'. and bother my head no more about the matter.' ' I shall search this matter out,' said I, re solutely. ' What has taken place so strangely corroborates the superstition, and I shall not leave it nnvestagated.' Next evening I was on my way to thestation considerably before the time the train was due. I stopped at the turnpike and chatted with the old man who kept it Z asked him whether he could throw any light on the matter which I was ininvestiigating. He shrugged his shoulders, saying that he knew ' nothmk about it' 'What! Nothing at all t* . . ' ' I don't torable my head with matters of this Bort,' was 1-be reply;. 'People do say that something -mt of the common sort passes along the road and tarns down the other road leading to Clayton and Brighton; bat I pays no attention. ta~what them people says.' ? -.,:? ? Do you -ever hear anything t° 'After flie arrival of the 930 faain I does at times hfiar lie rattle as of a mail-cart and ? the teit of k.horae along the road: and the Bound is as ftough one of the wheels was loose,- Tve a bin out many a time to take the toll— tut, Lor bless'y ! them epochs— if they be-Bpcrite-^-don't go pt to pay toD, so them's no odds to me.'-. ?--.-.- '.' -? ' Have you H6vfcr Inquired into the matter T' ' Why should I ? Anything as don't go for to pay toll don't concern me. Dp ye think as I knows aw XDany people and dogsgoes throngh ?:....:? - this heer geatt in a day J Not I— them don't pay toll, so them's no odds to -me.' 'Look here, my man,' said ,L ' Do you object to my putting the bar across the road, immediately on the arrival of the train i' 'Not a bit Please yersel' ; but you havn't got much time to lose,' for fheer crmes thickey train out of Clayton tnnneL' I shut the gate,mounted Tafiy, and drew up across the road a little below the turnpike. I heard the train arrive ; I saw -it ' puff off : at the same moment I distinctly heard a trap coming up the road, one of the wheels rattling as though - it were loose. I repeat deli berately that I heard itr- 1 cannot account for it— but, though I heard it, yet I ; saw nothing whatever.' ' . ? At the same time the pony became restless, it tossed its head, pricked up its ears, it started, pranced, and ihen made a bound oh one side perfectly tegjbdless pf whip and rein. It tried .to scramble ap^the^sand-bankiD its alarm, and 1 had to throw myself off and hold its head. I then cast a glance behind xue at the '.tnrnpikel I saw the bar bent, as though, some one were pressing against it ; and then, with a click, it flew open and was dashed violently back against the white post to which it was usually hasped in the day time. There it remained quivering from the shock. . Immediately I heard the rattle, rattle, rattle of the tax-cart I confess that my first impulse was to laugh ; the idea of a ghostly tax-cart was so essentially ludicrous ; but the reality of the whole scene soon brought me to a graver mood, and, remounting Tafiy, I rode down to the station. The officials were taking their ease, as ano ther train was not due for some while j so I stepped up to the station master and entered into conversation with him. After a few de sultory remarks, I mentioned the circumstances which had occurred to me on the road, and my inability to account far them. . . ' 'So that's what you're after!' said the master, somewhat bluntly. 'Well, I can tell you nothing about it ; sperits don't come in my way, saving and excepting those which can be taken inwardly ; and mighty comfortable warming things they be when so taken. If you ask me about other sorts of sperits, , I tell you flat I don't believe 'in em, though I don't mind drinking the health of them what does.' 'Perhaps you may have a chance if you are a little more communicative,' said L 'Well, Til tell you all I know, and that is precious little,'' answered the worthy man. ' I know one thing for certain — that one compart ment of a second-class carriage is always left vacant between Brighton and Hassock's Gate, by the 9*30 up-train.' ' For what purpose T 'Ah ! thafs more than I can folly explain. Before the orders came to this effect, people went into fits and that like, in one of the car riages.' . . - . . ' Any particular carriage J' ' The first compartment of the second-class carriage nearest to the engine. It is' locked at Brighton and X nninA- it at this station.' 'What do,you%ieanl|y saying that people Jjad.^teF1- .\ji--£fc.rki . . .- _ . '1 - v ( ? «*T mean tnat liuseS tolfiud men ana women a screeching andffjinlJBnng'like inad to be let out: they'd. seen eummut as ad frightened them as they was yuanwg through the Clayton tunneL ThatTras before they made' the ar-' rangement rtold.y of.' . ? ' Very strange 1' said X, meditatively. 'Wery much so, but true for all that / don't believe in nothing but sperits of a wann ing and cheering nature,* and them sort ain't to be found in Clayton tunn'l to my thinking.' There was evidently nothing more to be got out of my friend, I hope that he drank my health that night ; if he omitted to do so it -was his fiiutt, not mine. As I rode home, revolving in my mind all that I had heard and seen, I became more and more settled in my determination of thoroughly investigating the matter. The best means that I could adopt for bo doing, would be to come out from Brighton by the 9*30 train, in the very compartment of the second-class carriage from which the public were considerately ex cluded. Somehow I felt no BTirirQring from the attempt, my curiosity being bo intense that it overcame all apprehension for the consequences. My next free day was Thursday, and I hoped then to -execute any plan. Is this, however, I was disappointed, as I found that a battalion drill was fixed for that very evening and I was desirous of attending it being somewhat be hind hand in the regulation number of drills. I was consequently obliged to postpone my Brighton trip. On the Thursday evening about five o'clock, I started in regimentals with my rifle over my shoulder, ibr the drilling ground, a piece of furzy common near the railway station. I was speedily overtaken by Mr. Ball, a cort poral in the rifle corps, a capital shot, and moss efficient in his drilL Mr. Ball was driving hie gig. He stopped on seeing me, and offered me a seat beside him. I gladly accepted, as th distance to the station is a' mile and three* quarters by the road, and two miles by what is commonly, supposed to be a short cut across the fields. \- After- some* conversation on volunteering matters, aboWwhich Corporal Ball was an en thusiast, we turned out of the lanes into the station road, and Z took the opportunity of adverting .to the subject which was uppermost in my mind. ? ' Ah ! I lave heard a good deal about that,' said the Corporal ' My workmen have often told me some «ook-and- bull stories of the kind, but I can't say has 'ow I believe them. What yoa tell me is,, 'owever, very remarkable. . I never 'ad it on such good authority afore. Still I can't believe that there's hanything superna tural about it' w I do not yet know what to believe,' I re plied; 'for the whole matter ia to me perfectly inexplicable.' « Yoa know, -of course, the story which gave rise to the euperutitann f 'Notl ; pray tdlit me.' ' Just about Beven years agone — why, yon most remember the tirenmstanoe as -well as I do — there was a man druv over from I can't say where^— for thatrwas never exactly hascer tained — bat from &e; TTc^paM direction, in a light cart Hewmt to' the 'Station Inn, and throwing the reiio to John Thomas, the ostler, bade him to fake the Jrap and bring it round to meet the 9;30 tain, by which he calculated to return '^omSHghtoa -John ThomM -ea& has 'ow the strangpf was iqnite ohbeknown to him, and that he looked^s though he had some matter on his muia when le went %6 the train.: He WM*4p»eerB6iiot man wife *JSck^grey '- hair and beard, And delidate white 'ands, jist like a lady's. . The bap was round to the - sta tion door as hordeced, by Uie anital of £be 9-30 traia1 The ostler observed then that the man was ashen pale, and that his 'ands trem bled as he-took the reins, that the stranger stared at him in a wild habstracted way, and that he woold have driven off without tender ing payment had he not been respectfully re minded tiiat the 'orse had been given a feed of hoats. John Thamas made an observation to the gentrelative to the wheel which was loose, but that hobservation met with no correspond Illff nntmui TliA linnn «.Uu--J X.I_ 9 ? 3 «»g iMinB^. LUC ViA&tCL; VT1UULICU ' '?* UlOC illltl went oft He passed . the turnpike and was seen to take the Brighton road hinstead of that bywhidi he had come. A workman observed the trap next on the downs above Clayton chalk- pits. He didn't paj much attention to it, but he saw that the driver was on his legs at the *ead of the. '«rse. Next morning when the quanymen went to the pit, they found, a: shattered tax-=cart.at the bottom, and the 'orae and driver dead, the latter with his neck bro'-i ?;i^^Wj^^M.cni^B%i-ep^Jw*s-hat an^'an kerchlef wasTtoond round the brute's eyes, so that Ite miist have been driven over the edge blinitfold.; Hodi wasn't it !? Well, folks saj* that the gent and the tax-cart pass along the road every hevening after the arrival of the S-30 train; but I don't believe it I ain't a bit superstitious — not IT' Next week I was again disappointed in my expectation of beine able to rait mv scheme in execution ; but on tho third Satur day aftermy conrarsation with Corporal Ball, I walked into Brighton in the afternoon, the distance being about nine miles. I spent an hour on the shore watching the boats, and then I sauntered round the Pa vilion, ardently longing that fire might break forth and consume the architectural monstrosity. I believe that I afterwards had a cup of coffee at the refreshment-rooms of the station, and capital refreshment-rooms they are, or were ; very moderate and very good. I think that I partook of a bun ; but if put on my path I could not swear 'to the fact ; a -floating. reminiscence of a bun lingers in the chambers of memory, but I cannot be posi tive, and I wish in this paper to advance nothing but reliable facts. I squandered pre cious time in reading die advertisements of 'babyjumpeis — which no mothers should be without — which are indispensable in- the nursery and the greatest acquisition in the parlour, and the greatest discovery of modern times, &c.;, &c.; I perused a notice of the ad vantage of metallic brushes, and admired the young lady with her hair white on one side tuiu tuacK. uu w otuer ; s_ studied tne Unmese letter commendatory of Horniman's tea, and the inferior English translation, and counted np the number of agents in Great. Britain and Ireland. At length the ticket-office opened, and I booked ibr Hassock's Gate, second-class, fare one billing I ran along the platform till I came to the compartment of the second-class carriage, which I wanted. The door was locked, so I shouted for a guard.- . ' Put me in here, please.' 'Can't there, s'r; next, please, nearly empty, one woman and baby.' ' Can't be, lock'd, orders' comp'ny,' replied the guard, -{turning eh his heeL ' What xeasou is there for the public being -excluded, may I ask T ' Dn'ow, ' 'spress orders — c'nt let yon in ; next carriage, pl'se j now then, quick pl'se.' I knew tiie guard and he knew me — by sight, for I often travelled to and fro on the line, so I thought it best to be candid with him. I brififlv tnld Inm mv rpn8nn fni* ninVinir the request, and begged him to assist me in executing my plan. He then consented, though with reluctance. ''Ave y*r own way,' said he; 'only if an'thing 'appens, don't blame me I' ' Never fear,' laughed I, jumping into the carriage. The guard left the carriage unlocked, and in two minutes we -mere off. I did not feel in the slightest degree nervous. There was no light in the carriage, but that did not matter, as there was twilight,- I sat facing the- engine on the left side, and every now and then I looked out at the downs with a soft haze of light still hanging over them. We swept into a cutting, and I watched the lines of flint in -the chalk, and longed to be geologising among them with my hammer, picking oat 'shepherds' crowns ' and sharks' teeth, the delicate rhynconella and the quaint ventriculhe. - 'I remembered a not very distant occasion on which I had actually ventured there, and been chased off by the guard, after having brought down an avalanche of chalk debris, in a manner dangerous to traffic, whilst endeavouring to extricate a magnificent ammo nite . which I found, and — alas ! left — pro-' trading from the side of the cutting. - I wondered whether that ammonite was still there ; I looked about to identify the exact spot as we whizzed along ; and at that moment we shot into the tunneL There are two tunnels, with a bit of chalk catting between them. We passed through the first, which is short, and in another moment plunged Into the second. ' ' I cannot explain how it was that tune, all of a suddeh^a Timing of terror came over me ; it seemed to drop' over me like a wet sheet and wrap me xodnd and round. I felt that some one was seated opposite me, — some one in the darkness, with his eyes fixed on me. - ' Many persons possessed of keen nervous sensibility are well aware when they are in the presence of another, eves though they can see no one, and I believe that I possess this power strongly, If I were blindfolded, I think that I should know when any one was looking fixedly at me, and I am certain that I should instinctively know that I was not alone if I entered a dark room in which another person was seated, even. though he made no noise. I remember a college Mend, who dabbled in anatomy, tailing me that a little Italian violin ist once called on him to give a lesson on his instrument, ' The fbreiner, a singularly nervous individual, moved restlessly from the place where he been standing, casting many .a furtive glance over 'his -shoulder at a press which was standing behind him. At last the little fellow tossed a-aide his violin, saying : ' : 'I can note give de lesson if some one weel look at me from behind ] Dare is somebbdee in de cupboard, I know !' ?:.'? 'Too are right, there is!' laughed my anatomical friend, flinging-open the door of the press and diaaoyBring* skeleton. : .Thehorroi-TihioBOppresseame was numb- ; ing. For a few momenta I^»uM neither move it ihaad nor «tir, a finger. I was tongue- tied. X seemed paralysed In every member. I fan cied that I felt eyes*taring at me through the gloom. A cold breath seemed to play over my face. I believed that fingers tonched my chest and plucked at my coat I drew back against the partition ; my heart stood still, my flesh became stn% my muscles rigid. I do not know whether I breathed, — a blue nrist swam before my eyes, and my head spun. The rattle and roar of the. train dashing through the tunnel drowned every other sound. ' Suddenly, we rushed past a light fixed against the wall in the side, and it sent a flash, instantaneous as that of lightning, through the carriage. In that moment I saw what I shall never, never forget I saw a face opposite me, livid as that of a corpse, hideous with passion like that of a gorilla. I cannot describe it accurately, ibr I saw it but for 'a second: yet their rises before me nowy.sps.i write, the low broad brow seamed with-.iginkles, lie shaggy over-Tianging grey eyebrows'; the wild aahcu eyes, with a glare in theni like (hose ^ofa^ demoniac ; the coarse -month; *wlih' its'fleshy lips 'compressed Biraiey ? were'. white ; the ' profusion of wolf-gray hair about 'the cheeks and chin ; the thin bloodless hands; raised not half open, extended towards .» t .1 il I ? j ? 1_ ? 3 ^AA_ ...... me as tnougn tney wouiu cuitcn ana tear we. In the madness of terror, I flung myself along the. seat to the further window. Then I felt that it was moving slowly down, \- and- was - opposite me again. I lifted my hand to let down the window, and I touched some thing : I thought it was a hand, — yes, yes ! it was a hand, for it folded over mine and began to contract on it I felt each finger separately — they were cold, so cold, so dully cold. I wrenched my hand away, I slipped back to my former place in the carriage by the open win dow, and in frantic horror I opened the door, and clinging to it with both my hands round the window-jamb, swung myself out with my feet on the floor and my head turned from the carriage.* If the cold fingers had but touched my woven fcan^g, min: would have given way ; had I but turned my head, and seen that hellish countenance peering out at me, I must have lost my hold. Ah ! I saw the light from the tunnel month ; it smote on my face, the engine rushed out with a piercing whistle, the roaring echoes of the tunnel died away. The cool fresh breeze ble^f. over my face and tossed my hair ; the speed of the train was relaxed, the lights of the station became brighter ; I heard the bells ringing loudly ; I saw people waiting for the train : I felt the vibration as the drag was put on. We stopped : and then my fingers gave way. I dropped as a sack on the platform, and then, then— not till then—I awoke. There now ! from beginning to end the whole had been a frightful dream caused by my hav ing too many blankets over my bed. If I must append « moral, — Don't sleep too hot. S. Babing-Go01i-, M.A. 