NEWS AND NOTES. To-day being Good Friday, in accordance with our usual custom, we publish the Star, but there will be no publication to-morrow (Saturday). We may remind our readers that the Post Office will be closed (so far as the issue of stamps and despatch of mails are concerned) to-day, but that "ordinary" letters can be posted up to this evening for despatch by the supplementary European mail, which will close at 5 a.m. on Saturday morning. To-day being Good Friday, last evening was treated as a sort of Saturday night, the shops being kept open till a late hour. Yesterday seems to have been observed by many persons as a whole or partial holiday, for the railway was unusually well patron- ised, about three hundred persons having gone to Geelong or Melbourne. Good Friday is a holiday for most people, and as is usual, it is to be kept in very different ways by different people in Ballarat. The Very Rev. Dean Macartney will preach this morning at St. Paul's Church. The Rev. Father Power will preach the Passion Sermon at St. Patrick's this evening after the Tenebræ. In the morning the "Mass of the Presanctified" will be performed and the "Devo- tions of the Holy Cross." At Wesley Church the annual festival of the schools in connection with that church will be held, consisting of a tea party, addresses, and singing. The other churches, we presume, will hold services of some kind, but our advertising columns supply us with no other particulars than those we have alluded to. The Ballarat Harmonic Society gives a grand performance of the Messiah this evening in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, other particulars of which will be found elsewhere. In the matter of sports, there is the return match between the Ballarat and Moorabool clubs, to come off to-day on the Ballarat ground ; and to-morrow, two elevens from the law offices of Ballarat are to play a match. On Satur- day and Monday there is to be wrestling at the Sydenham Palace Hotel, Linton. Some hundred and fifty of the children belonging to various schools will proceed to-day to Lal Lal, by 6.15, a.m. train on a picnic excursion, and will return by the train which arrives at Ballarat at 3.30, p.m. A man named Thomas Walker, was brought up before Mr W. B. Rodier, J.P, at the Eastern Police Court, yesterday, charged with threatening beha- viour towards Mr Coutts, in Humffray street, and bound over in the sum of £25 to keep the peace for twelve months. Handel's oratorio "The Messiah" will be per- formed by the Ballarat Harmonic Society, in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, this evening. The doors are to be opened at seven o'clock, and the over- ture to commence an hour later. As the members have for some time past been assiduously rehearsing, it is confidently anticipated that the choruses will be well rendered. For the proper interpretation of the solo parts there have been engaged Miss Octavia Hamilton and Master Cook, both from the Philhar- monic Concerts, Melbourne. These will be assisted by Mrs James Bunce, Miss Henrietta Hoffmeister, Miss Louisa T. Robinson, Mr D. Oliver, and Mr P. Cazaly Mrs Little will preside at the organ, and Mr J. Rob- son wield the baton. The leader of the band is to be Mr Gabb, of the Geelong concerts. We need not add a word of recommendation to our readers as to the high enjoyableness of the promised entertain- ment, and the propriety of their availing themselves of the opportunity afforded them of participating, as though Christmas tide is the recognised time for the production of this special oratorio, the season of the Passion is just as appropriate. The Essex Company obtained 136 oz of gold for the week ending on Wednesday, the 23rd inst. We hear that the water is out of the Garibaldi works. In another column will be found a report of an interview had by a deputation of miners with the Minister of Mines, on Thursday morning, respecting tbe Borough Council of Ballarat East and the sludge channel. The Unitarians of Ballarat are invited by Mr Gaskell to both morning and evening services on Sundays, at the usual place, in the Mechanics' In- stitute. Dr Bull and Mr Gray the druggist, appeared before the District Police Court on Thursday, in cross cases, for abusive langnage. The magistrates dismissed both cases, holding that both parties had committed offences against the public peace. The Creswick Volunteer Fire Brigade, under the command of Captain Stevenson and Lieutenant Leake, with their engine drawn by four horses, and led by the Volunteer Band, promenaded the town on Wednesday. The day being very fine the streets were crowded with people, many of whom were from the country, and Creswick wore quite a lively appearance. In the evening, the perfor- mances at the Lyceum Theatre, by the Amateur Dramatic Society, for the benefit of the Fire Bri- gade, drew a crowded house. The comedy of "The Black Sheep" was the first piece, and was suc- ceeded by the farce of "Slasher and Crasher." The acting, was, with some trifling exceptions, much above the average of amateur performances. Mr Macey appeared as Mr Bunny, Mr Peacock as Jacob Mortmaine, and Mr G. Moore as Sir Digby Hardpace, Mr H. W. Williams as Shorter, Mr McKinnon as Her- bert Lester, and Mr Smith aa Smithers. Miss Kate O'Reilly as Ethel Maynard, and Miss Julia Harland as Lady Barbican, sustained their reputations as good actresses, Miss Hickey as Mrs Todhunter and Mrs Lester sustained the characters very well. "Slasher and Crasher" was very well received, and the audi- ence, during the evening, seemed well pleased, jadging by the frequent and hearty manner in which the various hits were applauded. The result to the funds of the fire bri- gade must also be satisfactory, there being about £25 in the house. The juvenile band of the Volunteer Corps, under the able leadership of Mr Murray, during the evening played a number of tunes (some of which were rather difficult) in a most pleasing manner. At the Clunes Police Court, on Wednesday, before Messrs Thompson. Sutherland, and McLennan, Justices of the Peace, the following civil causes were disposed of in the manner indicated:- Police v Griffis, for removing brick earth from Crown lands without having a license. Defendant stated that he had ap- plied for a license but it having to be transmitted to the Board of Lands and Works he was unable at the time to produce it; postponed for a week. Same v John Tagliabue, Charlea Spence and Albert Eich- man for the same offence. The defendants having stated that they were merely workmen in the em- ploy of Griffis; the cases were all dismissed. Bevan and Skews v James Rawlins, £5 0s 4d goods; struck out. J. C. Weickhardt v J. Geddes, £8 16s goods; order by consent for amount, to be paid in instal- ments of 10s per week. George Gordon, a farmer holding about 1300 aerea of grazing land, within the Amherst and Clunes Road Board district, gave notice of appeal against the assessment. Councillor Flockhart tendered his resignation, on Thursday, at the meeting of the Shire Council of Buninyong, as a member of that body, in consequence of his leaving the colony for Scotland. As he had undertaken some business on the part of the Council in company with the President, the acceptation [of his resignation was deferred until the next meeting. With a view of recognising Mr Flockhart's lengthened services, the Council agreed to form itself into a committee of the whole to draw up a memorial for presentation to him at a public dinner to be given to Mr Pope, M.L.A., and to which he should also be invited as the other guest. Mr M. M. Pope's services as a member of the Legislative Assembly for the county of Grenville are shortly to be recognised in a public manner, judging by some remarks made at the meeting of the Council of the Shire of Buninyong on Thursday. Some of the members purpose, it appears, arranging for a public dinner, to which Mr Pope is to be invited as a guest. Should the weather hold favorable, the Buninyong races of Thursday and Friday next promise to be productive of a considerable amount of sport. There are five races on the programme for the first day-the Maiden Plate of 15 sovs, the Selling Hurdle Race of 25 sovs, the Buninyong Handicap Race of 30 sovs, the Selling Race of 15 sovs, and the Hack Race of 7 sovs. The second day's racing pro- mises to be equally as good, as the card comprises the same number of events, namely, the Town Plate of 25 sovs, the Handicap Steeplechase of 40 sovs, Miners' Race of 15 sovs, Hack Hurdle Race of 10 sovs, and Consolation Handicap of 15 sovs. A sale of booths for the races was held at the Crown Hotel, Buninyong, by Mr Bannister, on Wednesday when the following prices were realised, viz, No. 1 booth, £14 10s, Mr McHaffie; No. 2 booth, £12, Mr Dalrymple; and No. 3 booth, £8 10s, Mr Milligan. The right to the gates was disposed of to Mr Prater, for the sum of £35. These gentlemen have, in addi- tion, to subscribe to the race fund to the amount of £2 2s each. Fifteen rank and file and a portion of the drum and fife band of the rifle corps left Ballarat yester- day morning for Sunbury by the ten o'clock train, under command of Captain Drury. The main body of both the rifles and the cavalry will leave on Saturday, when the Creswick contingent will also join their Ballarat comrades. Somehow or other it had been arranged that carriage provision should be made for 120 or 150 men, but when it was found that so few were going, the train had to be reduced to one carriage, exclusive of the usual guard's and horse-box carriages. The troop of cavalry mustered at parade yester- day, and we understand that nearly all the troop will proceed to Sunbury to-morrow. Those mem- bers deciding to go to the encampment are to muster at 8 a.m. sharp, and the rifles are to muster at 8 30 a.m. sharp, the train leaving at 9.40. The Conference on Thursday, between the Coun- cils of Ballarat East and Buninyong, and the Shire Council of Buninyong, with respect to the division of toll fees on the common toll road and the removal of the Mount Clear toll- gate, ended in nothing being done, the deputation from the Ballarat East Council having stated its determination not to agree to the toll-gate being removed nearer to the borough boundary than it is at present. The other two bodies were in favor of its removal to the spot suggested by the committee recently appointed to make enquiries thereon, and in order that all doubt as to the authority of the Shire Council to remove it in spite of the objections of the Eastern Council might be set at rest, a deputation was appointed, consisting of the President and Councillor Bacchus, to wait upon Mr Grant, Commissioner of Railways and Roads, upon the subject, without delay. A ball was given in Buninyong on Wednesday evening, at the Oddfellows' Hall, in connection with the Highland Society, in aid of the funds of the Ballarat Hospital. About twenty couples were pre- sent, comprising some of the principal residents of the district. Dancing commenced at nine o'clock, and was continued up to an early hour on Thurs- day morning. The ball passed off very satisfac- torily, and will leave a small surplus after expenses shall have been paid, in aid of the funds of the Hospital. The repetition of Professor Perring's cyclorama at the Charlie Napier Theatre last evening, drew a very moderate attendance. Extensive arrangements have been made for Saturday evening, and it is to be hoped that the public will show its appreciation of the praiseworthy endeavors of the lessee and company by bestowing its patronage liberally and without stint. The performance provided for Saturday evening will be well worthy of support, and the lovers of the sensational will have ample cause to be satisfied, the ghost being announced, and in connection with the interesting domestic drama of "Susan Hopley; or, a Vision of the Dead," a piece well adapted for the ap- pearance of the unearthly visitor, and containing several very interesting scenes. Considerable ex- pense has been incurred in order to render the piece as effective as possible, so that it may be expected to be well produced. The optical pantomime will con- clude the entertainment. The Committee of the Mechanics' Institute Smythesdale, has obtained the consent of the various ledges of Masons, Oddfellows, Foresters, &c.;, in the district to join in the procession to a picnic to be held at Scarsdale on Easter Monday, in aid of the funds of the Institute. Most of the shop and store- keepers have, at the request of the committee, agreed to close their establishments on that day, in order to enable as many persons as possible to attend the fete. The yield of the Azimuth Gold Mining Company, Scarsdale, for the last week was 35 oz, and not 359 oz as stated in yesterday's issue. An agricultural correspondent at Stockyard Hill, dating his letter 21st March, writes as follows:- "Now that the thrashing is drawing to a close in this district, I forward you the following report of the returns, and I think the bill will stand a fair show with any other farming district in this colony. I have taken the average from the owners of the thrashing machines as well as from the farmers. Though the yield of Tartarian oats is splendid, the sandy oats beat them on most of the farms. The Tartarian and sandy oats on the form of Mr Hugh Arthur are nearly equal. Some patches of both turned out as much as 60 bushels to the acre, but on an average, the whole will turn out 64 bushels to the acre. Mr Robert Kirkpatrick a Tartarian oats will yield 50 bushels to the acre. Messrs Bain and Sutherland's Tartarian oats will average 55 bushels to the acre. Mr R. Wright's Tartarian oats will average 52 bushels to the acre. One patch of five acres yielded as much as 64 bushels to the acre; Mr D. Hannah, 55 bushels; Messrs Hugh Campbell's Tartarian oats yielded 50 bushels to the acre; Mr John Bremner's sandy oats, 64 bushels to the acre, and his Tartarian oats, 38 bushels; Mr W. Kini- han's sandy oats yielded 66 bushels to the acre; Mr Jones's, 50 bushels to the acre; Messrs McDougal's sandy oats yielded 64 bushels to the acre. The farms of Messrs Lawson, Dunnet, Foreman, Exel, Johnston, West and Pether are all much the same as the above. Messrs McQueen Brothers have not thrashed up to this time. Ploughing and potato digging are now going on very briskly." Mr F. F. Balliere, of Melbourne, his just issued the present year's volume, of "The Law List; com- prising the judges and officers of the different courts of justice, counsel, attorneys, conveyancers, nota- ries, &c.;, in Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, Queensland, Western Australia, Tasmania and New Zealand." The work has been compiled with the authority and approval of the Council of the Law Institute of Victoria, by Robert Haden Smithy attorney at law, and presents a fund of useful information in connection with the subjects on which it professes to treat. The second nnmber of The Medical and Surgical Australasian Review has reached us. It contains the opening passage of a valuable original contribution on "The Vertebrate Skeleton," by C. S. Woods, F.G.S., and "Cases illustrating the treatment of some Diseases of the Urinary Passages," by James Keene, the editor. To these follow a retrospective review of the sayings and doings editorial, for the past twelve months, in which Mr Keene no more than does himself justice for the stand he has made in exposing many professional abuses and misdoings. We have some remembrance of having pointed out the existence of typographical inaccuracies, in a former number of this journal, and are sorry to find that its pages are still amenable to so easily removable an objection. We (Argus) understand, upon good authority, that the hon. Mr Fellows is determined upon retiring from the Ministry without delay. His resignation is al- ready drawn up, and only remains to be transmitted to the Governor. The following notice to members of the Civil Ser- vice who are members of volunteer corps is published in the Government Gazette:- It is hereby notified that members of the Civil Service who are also members of volunteer corps, and who maybe desirous of re- maining in the camp on Wednesday, the 30th inst, for the purpose of receiving military instruction, will be permitted to absent themselves from their respec- tive offises on that day for that purpose. Wherever serious obstruction to public business ia appre- hended, the consent of the head of the department is required. lt is notified in a supplement to the Government Gazette, published on Wednesday evening, that the Colonel-Commandant has been directed to intimate that commissioned officers belonging to corps at the expiry of the past enrolment are to be regarded at having the privilege of unattached officers of the Volunteer Force. The following brigade order, issued on Monday, is one deserving the attention of members of volunteer corps, as it throws some light on the question as to whether or not those who held the rank of non- commissioned officers under the old regime are eligible for appointment, now that, according to the opinion given by the Attorney-General, the elections based on the result of the late examination are null and void:- "Volunteer Office, 21st March, 1864. Bri- gade Order, No. 39 | 64. Officers commanding corps may recommend for appointment as supernumerary sergeants, on the grounds of long and meritorious service, any volunteer not now holding the rank of non-commissioned officer, but who held such rank at the expiry of the past enrolment. Should such volunteer not have passed the recent examination he can only be appointed as acting rank until after the next examination. By order, W. A. DEAN PITT, Major of Brigade." A point of practice of some interest in relation with the Justices' law was decided on Wednesday, in the Supreme Court. The act provides that within a month from the date of a decision being given by the magistrates, the party feeling himself aggrieved may appeal; and that the justices must "state a case" for the opinion of the Supreme Court. This case the appellant must "transmit" within seven days from its receipt by him to the Prothonotary. A discussion took place yesterday in the case of Ster- ling v Hamilton, as to the signification of the word "transmit," but the Judges eventually ruled that such "cases" must arrive at the court within the seven days; and it was not sufficient for the appel- lant merely to send it away within that time. A statement has been made by some of our con- temporaries to the effect that Mr Duffy contemplates immediately leaving the colony on a short visit to Europe. The Herald is informed that Mr Duffy has no intention of doing so-at any rate until the end of the present year. 