BELL'S ESSENCE OF PARLIAMENT. FMDAY, APRIL 15TH. Hr SrEAJTEB droppod in about half-past 3, and GABBBTT asked Forster if lie liad done the handsomo by tho police who had captured tho bushrangers at Bombala, including tho sanguinary-minded Urybob. W. FOHBTEB, said he ordered a £5 note to bo divided between them, though he thought it was unnecessary expenditure, as he imagined they must consider them- selves more than paid by the knowledge that, they en- joyed his good opinion, which was in itself worth twice its own weight in gold. . The mercenary GABEETT said he'd prefer tho filthy " irritamcnta muloruni." Mr DAUVAIL presented a mamorial from the widow Callaghan, and House presented its compliments, and begged her to call again and they'd soo about it. GAUBETT presented a petition from the ex-Mayor and Aldermen of Shoalhaven, who seemed to havo got into a scrape for being illegally on tho premisos, asking for a pecuniary salvo for tho injuries inflicted on their shat- tered constitution, aud saying " 'Twas .money made the mare to go, aud when ho was old he would not depart ! from it." Mr FOESTEB laid some Vaccine Slatter or other on tho table, os a"sort of " flattering unction," for tho use of any hon. membors who might bo apprehensive of the small pox, and followed it up by a beautifully bound edi- tion of tho "Slue Book," so culled, wo presume, from tho great improbability of its over hoing read. On tile motion of Ts&UY;, Houso considered tho pro- priety of drawing up Timo and Faro Tables for tho Mudgee lluilwny, and had got as fur as thu sixteenth morning train, when it suddenly occurred to somebody / that as tho railway was not commenced yet, it was not * likely to be finished for u week or so, ana it ivas only a waste of the valuablo time of tho House, which ivas int usually devoted to trifles, to go on with it'; EO after I TEitur had quoted largely from Tom'Thumb, by saying modestly *'He did his duty, and he did no more," a division of 20 to ll decided in fovo ir of tho injunction of tho great culinary Mrs Glass, " first catch your rail- way," and Terry got cooked instead. This üiícussiun was remarkable for two charming instances of ingenuous- ness on the part of tho mover and DANQAU, the former remarking that the peoplo of Mudgee were anything but properly represented (at which Houso had the cold- blooded barbarity to giggle). He then got beautifully poetical, talking about wool and tho ancient Roman!, and huppy homestead«, and newspapers and Canada, and "Tityro tu patulea," and making tho wilderness blossom Uko the rose,, which latter, judging by tho pre- sent state of "things Mud-gee" is a consummation de- voutly to bo wished. ' HOLHOIU wanted to know if thero was a "soft sawder" mill among tho palatial edifices of thut'mugnificent ciir. DANOAU'S specimen of ""exquisito modesty," was lo tho efleot, that tho proportion of (we shah uso a infll term) fallacy to fact, in his statements, was ten per cent, j and Buroly that couldn't injure anybody, while it did iii romantic tendencies o world of good. j GAEUETT said Holroyd was fickle in his loves, »nd capricious in his blandishments, and blessed if be could tnuke him out. If lie must'love somebody, why didut ho love him, ond let them be happy together, for where i thorp's a will there's a way. At the samo time ho did i not look ot. him at ah in the light of tho "Captaia bold" of his department, but aso public servant, earning higher wages than he deserved, for all'he did was to wait at the taite and help his fellow Hunkies to'do nothing for un good of the country. . JJUOAB said, "True! O! King! he did indeed do nothbig ; and ho (Lucas) had a son (tho youngest but 19) who would bo happy to;' do much less for half tl" monoy; but patient merit was always overlooked. How ever, out bf respect to RAPER, whose oyes nnd nose ho BJ» wore fuU of blessed luohrymal globules, ho would no longor pursue the painful topio, or try to pick a quarrel with Toddy, or any oder man who could not feel for» heavy parent, who could not carry uU his family under [ his hat. GABBBTT then moved on extension of telegraphic wa muuication to tho Garden of Eden and Gaby Island, »na was proceeding to electrify tho Houso with u »p*'^ °u tho subject, when Piddington, putting half his m»11*: pieoo in at the door, gently murmured, in a voice ol thunder, " Look ot tho Houso, mutton-head !" and vancud backwards with lightning speed. , Mr SFBAKEB said " Hey.?" and lookod round accord- ingly, and Booing only BÏxtéen slcopors présent, duuniiw them with o parting benediction-at half-past seven. \ t ?JS I ' ' < 1 TUESDAY, ATBIL 19TH. At 27 minutes past S the solemnities coinmonoed DASOAE asking Works if he would be kind enough run over to Singleton with a punt, to enable drays, b looks and other people to gel over the river. HO'LUOYD said ho was under standing orders not run anywhere or anyhow, and the"de«c<» might seize t Arayt ond sink thom, for what ha cared ; what w Sincleton to him, or he to Singleton ? BUKDKEIN asked if Geoffrey meant to move the pc office from Nundle to Oakenville. EAOAU said *' dash Nundle, and smash Oakenville, ai bother everything." GABBETT asked if it was true that Gardiner wos roo! eau"ht j secondly, what moans were employed to do i snaftlurdly, was it truo that tho proceedings were pos ponod in consequence of the absence of- a Crown Pros culor ; »nd fourthly, if so, why f SIABTIN said, first, " I believe you, my boy.'" second! " Salt ;" thirdly, " A Crown Prosecutor not being stroi minded enough to undertsko tho responsibility, tlx had advertised for a guinea one ; and fourth) " .Because !" Shoalhaven's Mayor, and Callaghan's widow wei ordered to bo printed. EAOAR gave notioo of his intention to move a genon suspension of everything, and everybody, in order ( bring in a bili authorizing him to appropriate anytliir he liked, for his own benefit, to bo proposed, seconde! and carried new. con., right off tho reel, and anyone sui ing .' nay," to bo instantly garotted. jloBEitTSOS then gare notico of his intention to brin in another bill, to make free selectors perfectly easy i their minds as to their right of doing what they like with their own, or anybody oise's goats, sheep, pig! bullocks, cocks and hons, and othor agricultural imple merits, under tho title of tho "In for a penny, in for iiouii<i-ing Act." _ House the» went into Committee of Supply, unde the head of Supplementary Estimates for 1863, wilie] wore voted into "JolFs" " wallet" without any opposition Supplementaries being disposed »f, Committee went b woy of change into Additional for 1661, and Further for '05, and a few moro for '66, and ovor so many fo '67, and any amount for 'GS, and twice as much agaii for 'C'J, and never mind 70. £36 13s -ld was allowee for a stableman to tho Assembly, wo presume, to clea: out tho " Augean" rubbish which has accumulated then during the last session, and to act as valet to thoso hon members who require groomnge and rubbing down, ant also to look after the HAT in tho House. Tho Commit tee then rambled over Cockatoo, discussing its merits ni an Educational Establishment, where tho Schoolmastei had very little chanco of being abroad- ros a place o comfort, luxury, sugar plums, tobacco, and general feli city ; when they had got through it, they dropped £233i into it« "poor box." A long discussion ensued tiler over the Parramatta Lunatic Asylum-somo member: running Doctor Green-up down, and others running Doctor Green-down up-wo mean " up" up ; some say- ing Melville was an insane man; others giving him credit for a mens sana. FORSTER, like King Lear, " took his oath before that Right Honourable Assembly, that a keeper named Dy mond twice kicked a poor boy behind his back." DALGLEISH said that only proved him to bo a " rough Dymond," and need not prevont him from being a jewel of a fellow, a real jem-mun, and all that sort of thing. He then quoted a highly intelligent remark from an ex- tremely sensible lunatic, who said, " If the Committee bad come to tho asylum three days beforo they did, they would have seen white-washing enough to mako their GoternmeiU respectable!" The question arose as to how many hundreds of luna- tics were washed in the samo wash-hand bason. FOBSTEB said, " hundreds be hanged ¡ only 8 or 4 were washed at a time, which he thought would make it nice, and warm, and comfortable for them." DALGLEISH said he preferred washing by himself. FOUSTEU »aid nobody wishod to join him in tho lux- ury, and he might go and wash himself now if he liked. Ho believed Allen had got a bit of soap somewhere or other, And as to towelling, it was not difficult to get thal ia tile House. DALOXEISH said, not for Hon. William perhaps, aftor the dirty work he and his colleagues had gone through, but he believed the towelling supplied to them by a grateful populace would be iaafc-cloth, and he went in for fine linen. FOBSTEB said, perhaps he might find himself worsted. HOUSE said "Bo quiet, Koolye," and the estimate of £10,S00 for Lunatic Parramatta was passed. Vnecino Institutions, Schools of Arts, Charitable Allowance?, and Miscellaneous Services (or " whatever elso you please, my pretty little dears ; you pays tho money, and need not bo nico,") wero all knocked down to Martin and Co., at their own terms. On tho Murray Customs Dues there was tlie due modicum of customary " barney," but the estimate was ultimately carried. Au infinite number of estimates of all sorts, sizes and dimensions were then passed by hon assembled sapience, with almost as much equonimity, magnanimity, and every other imity, as if it had been their oten money they were disposing of; but the business was of too serious a nature to ovoko evcu the ghost of a smile, tho principle apparently »being, " Get money- never mind how, but get it," on the part of the Government, and " wo give theo all, wo can no more," on t hat of the Opposition. WILSOS paid a high compliment to Macpherson for tho perfect absence of anything like truth in his allega- tions, which ho attributed to tho alligator not knowing what ho was talking nbout. MACPHEHSOK said if he was an alligator, Wilson was a On the question of repairs to Government House, HOLROYD said tlint noble ediCce was incessantly tumbling .down stairs, and breaking its neck, which made it very awkward for Sir John, and Iiis youug family circle. By some lucky interposition of fate, two really sensible es- timates were passed-namely, £4,800 for filling up that hot bed of pestilence and putresence, tho head of Wool- loomooloo Bay, and £10,000 for its Barling sister. These tinkum and stinkum taxes finally completed Supply, and after three rounds of applause, House re- solved itse!f into a grand co-robbery and indulged in wild fandangoes ad libitum. Official Will then intro- duced official Sals to the attention of tho young gentle- men, who each selected his own particular " Sariah," and . burst into a grand " polka de fascination," and agreed | to ever} thing with a recklessness that bordered on in insanity, and carried their milk of human kindness to the extent of discharging a number of unfortunate Sills who had been in " chokey" during tho session, and the entertainments concluded by tho second reading of a Bill to compel parents to support their orphans, or husbands their widows, or something of that sort ; and tile House : bowed itself out nt ten minutes to two. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20TH. Mr SPEAKER, arrived at half-past 3, and Ministers afforded any amountof " useless knowledge" to enquiring friends and foes, about Singleton, Hawkesbury, Rand- wick, and other groat European Powers. . WILSON said it was Inspector Keele's duty to attend to the money mattere in connection with the second named locality, but if ho hadn't, ho was not going to make a " Keele row" about it. - A few reports were then circulated, quito inaudibly to tho reporters. MACPHERSON* petitioned for something in a_ whisper, and Dr LANO advocated the pecuniary claims of a female Pogus who hod lost her he-male Fegus ¡ EAOAR GEOFFREYS bill about Customs Duties Interpretntion.and FORSTER BILL'S bill about " official eula" were passed, and forwarded to the Upper House with Collective Wis- dom's compliments ; the Mudgee Railway and Naval Brigado were both looked into, and told to call in again when they were passing,*an3 then EAOAR proposed the suspension of upstanding orders, during the short balance of tho period the House has yet to sit. ' . House then went into Supply, the report of the Com- mittee being received and read over to_ the House, who appeared very much gratified at receiving so much in- formation on a subject which, of course, they could have had no idea of before. DARVALL, who was evidently in that -state of blissful ignorance when it is folly to be wise, said, if he had had tho slightest notion of what had occurred, he phould hare felt it his duty to oppose it, but " better late than never," and ho now begged to propose that tho Houso should stultify the verdict of its other self, in reference to the Registrar-General's office, and rescrew Messrs Holden and Dick on their official resting places. ' ~* MARTIN said it grieved him to oppose his estimable friend Darvall, but while ho had nothing to say against Solden while AoWiV office, and admitted that bick was hy no means dicky, what was dono could not bo undone, and the Ioast eaid, the soonest mended. Tho Houso divided, and Darvall was "noej-od" out by 17 to 16, which caused a wild outburst of mnniao hil- arity from PIDDINGTON, who shrieked out, " Hour hear ! -high salary !-a thousand a yoar 1-high Cockolorura -Jje. jig. jig ti I" Supply being nrrivod nt, and discharged from tho or- der of tho day, EAOAR put jan his high pressure express financiul expression of face, before devising " ways- and means" to meet it, and then simpered out that £400,715 12s 5d would be just tho amount he wanted. ROBERTSON asked him if 12s 6d would do, because, if so, ho wouldn't mind giving that out ofilia own pocket to get rid of him, aud then said the deficiency between tho Supply roted, and tho Ways and Moans, was' oaofed by withdrawing tho advertisements of Land Salas fi om BelCa Life, WILSON said."Boah!" ROBEUTSOK said if Wilion callod hiraa "Bos'i" »¿tin, ho might gjt a bosh in his oyo. , MACPUUHSON said Robertson was a Frankenstein, and tho Land Bill was tho monster ho had given birth to, and he was only angry because Government had not put a olean shirt on it. ' BoiiBiiTso.v said ho could not remember having given birth to anything i if he had, ho must have been very young at thu time ; and as for shirts, he had a dozen of his own. " ' - PIDDINGTON- said ho knew jolly well that thore would not be money enough to pay tho piper, and it waa all tho fault of that stupid old Council. DARVALL said he meant that silly young Assembly. . .GARBUTT said thore ivas nothing like seeing one's way clearly, but confessed he was in a complete state of fog ! SADLIRB said, for the life of him, he eonld riot help i raising his voice, and howling, though he know it would not bo of tho slightest uso. ' DANGAB said tho House was on tho high road to King-street. - «ft MAH ny said it did not much-matter wvat happened now, as they would nll'havo to begin again wheu Parlia- ment ro-B»sombled. The resolutions woro finally adopted, and then House . clapped Holroyd on tho back, and, for tho first timo in their lives, approved of what he had done in tho rail j woy line. I HOLROTD blushed, smiled, and begged they wouldn't' mention it. A Loan Bill, to cnablo "Jeff" to borrow, and an Ap- propriation Bill, to enable him to toko what he pleased, were both agreed to (all tho .various stages being gone through "Uko winking,") »nd packed off to tho Council with a request not to hurry thoinsolves, only to make I hasto. A long discussion onsued on tho Treo Selectors* Im- pounding Bill, during whioh CDHVINGS said Queen ' Victoria was his glorious mother, and ho felt in his j bosom that thoy hud abused her. I RAPER said ho always looked on Cummings as a mon- tai Leviathan, but did not know, till now, that ho was a Prince of JP(h)ales, I All sorts of privato bills, and public bills, and odds I and ends, wera then discussed ; and MAIITIK told the boys that their holidays would commence after Friday, which mado somo look glad, some look sad, and the rest ¡ nohow in particular, and CUNMBBN was'supporting, or I opposing somebody, or something, when DALGLEISH; made an observation, which resulted in-a " count out" at 2 o'clock, to the boautiful air of " We know that tho I hour of nirtini? is near." 