! "GREASE" YOUR BAYLEY. I (From The Times.) j Let our younger readers note the beginning of a thing which may last their whole lives, and go down to their children after them. It is not the beginning of the greatest of the great German war, or of any other war, or of a dynasty, but of the great Linseeded Malt question. Artificial absurdities often outlive the wisest arrangements which have no other foundation than common convenience and common sense, simply because, being artificial, absurd, and ridiculous, they defy all reasonable scrutiny. A grim idol will hold its own for a thousand years where a natural religion would die out in an age. Don't we all remember the lard and grease that used to come by shiploads, mixed with tar, or other abominations, lest any of our poor creatures should put it on their bread or " kitchen" their cabbage with il P Don't we remember Mr. Milne's last despairing attempt to tar foreign butter too, when it was wanted in default of other grease P Even now spirits of wine are brought in for manufacturing, but spoilt for drinking purposes. Another instance of artificial legislation appears in every leaf of our parish registers for generations in the significant words " Buried in woollen." So now Parliament is incubating upon another monster of this sort. We are to have houses built or adapted everywhere, and inscribed not " M.H.," for that would signify a Malt House, but with some other initials, to denote their less simple purpose and they are to be visited by the Exciseman as often as he wishes, or as often as anything is going on, in order to see that they contain nothing but Malt mixed with a tenth of its bulk of linseed or ground oilcake, or something or other as palatable to cattle and as unpalatable to humans. That is the measure wrung from the reluctant Treasury by associated counties, clamorous farmers, and strenuous landlords. It is by way of experiment, and for six years only, for nobody can say for certain whether Malt suits cattle or not. The " practical" people affirm that it does, and the scientific report that it does not and between the two Mr. Gladstone thinks it best that agriculturists should try it themselves. So far as regards preparing food and cooking it in some way or other, instead of giving it hard and raw, we must admit that the tendency of agricultural science and experience is all in favor of the practice. There was a time probably when man ate his acorns raw, and his game and fish raw, and when it was thought a dangerous novelty and the height of effeminacy to roast them ; but we are all now quite satisfied the change was a decided improvement, and perhaps it may turn out the same with our cattle. But the proposed change, though founded in nature and in experience, comes strangely sophisticated with financial ingenuity. Malt your barley if you like, says the Chancellor of the Exchequer, but it must be greased and befouled so that it will not make drinkable beer. There is something which seems to tell us that additions and truck series will not answer. Mr. Bass insinuates that the laborers employed in feeding cattle will fill their pockets and make beer, which will have a taste of linseed tea, but not be much the worse for it. The materials of so-called oilcake are not so pleasant, and perhaps that may spoil the malt for human purposes more effectually. But we fear there is some sense in Mr. Bass's misgivings. Laborers suffer more than enough already, and their conscience is much weaker in regard to drink than to food. It may be always stretched a little in that direction. Of course, all the logic is in favor of stealing for hunger, but all the rhetoric of the soul pleads for thirst, the slaking of which with good liquor is associated with good fellow- ship. As there are men who will steal a phea- sent but not a barnyard fowl, so there are men 1 who would appropriate half a bottle of Port, surreptitiously tap a barrel of beer, or paBB a bagful to a friend out of doors, who would hesitate to steal a loaf or a bushel of potatoes. Habit and custom reign even in crime, and the breakers of the Commandments yield to fashion. So it is conceivable that men who would not rob their masters or their cattle of their barley would not think it much amiss to extract a few pints of ore from their Malt. As to other possible loopholes of fraud, if Mr. Gladstone feels safe, it is not for the public to have misgivings. But there certainly will be a necessity for additional superintendence, for the cattle Malt will require as much looking to as the human Male. As to the real benefit of the proposal, we cannot pretend to decide where the doctors disagree. Mult, being sweeter than barley. will probably be more fattening-a great thing for butchers and cooks. Being softened and weakened in texture, it must also be more digestible, and so enter sooner more thoroughly, and more entirely into the system. At least, one would expect this. But when the moist and germinated barley is dried into Malt, though it retains some of these advantages, it appears to lose aportionofitBblood-makingpower,soatlcaHt says Liebig, quoted by Mr. Bass. But, besides the chymical changeD discoverable in the process of germination, experience may bring out some other changes not known or suspected in the present state of chemistry. One has heard of burley bread in all sorts of combinations, of barley broth, barley water. of the "graces" with which brewers feed their own horses, and on which London cows are also often fed; but it so happens the use of Malt as food for man or beast has yet to he tried. We must confess, however, that our chief misgiving relates to the nauseating ingredient proposed for the protection of the Revenue. Mr. Gladstone makes his proposal with an air of confidence, as if he had tried it but we have to take it on his word that cattle themselves will like linseed, which must be more city than in the drier and more fixed form of oilcake. But, as we understand the plan, the linseed itself will have germinated, or be put into the way to germination, by being put into the same room, Beau Brummel said, with a damp stranger. It is impossible to stand in the way of experi- ment, for this, if nothing else, is an experiment- ing age ; but we are at a loss to understand why Government, having carried some costly experiments to a considerable length, yet without any result that can be called either satisf 10 tory or not does not persevere and accumulate at least the materials - for induction. It must be very pleasant for Sir F. Kelly and his colleagues to find their committee suddenly relieved from all further responsibility in the question. If there is now a failure, Mr. Gladstone will have to bear it, and we must all do full credit to his courage; but is it possible that we only are here what one often sees elsewhere-experiment renounced for the bolder and easier path of adventure P Have the experimentalists become so perplexed that they cannot even report progress and hand over their accounts to more skilful hands P If it be so, then we understand why all the agriculturists in England are invited to take the experiment into their own hands. Yet it must be said that if the experiment, while in select and able hands, has led to uncertain or contradictory results, it may possibly fare no better when associated with new sources of confusion, error, and fraud in the hands of the public at large. THE HOUSES OF PARLIAMENT. Sir Golds worthy Gurney, by whose genius and persevering industry the physical atmosphere of the Houses of Parliament has been so much improved, has for some months, we regret to learn, been severely affected by paralysis, augmented, no doubt, by the daily and nightly attention which he has for some years bestowed upon the ventilation of the Houses. Being quite unable to resume his duties, he has received a prolonged leave of absence, and his friend, Mr. Alexander Gordon, civil engineer, has been installed in the office, and now carries on its duties. THE PHANTOM KING. Less than a fortnight had intervened between the funding of Warwick and flight of Edward, and the revolution seemed to be complete. The curl met with no resistance at his entrance into London, where his first act was to open the prison doors which he had himself closed on the unfortunate Henry. Was its reality or a shadow that came forth to occupy the throne P Six years before, that pale, meek figure, divested of crown, sceptre, and regal apparel, bound with ropes like a convicted felon, had followed him through the streets, amid a jeering multitude, to be immured in the Tower and now, pale and meek as then innocent and imbecile as when half a century ago in feeble infancy, presented to the people of two great realms as their common sovereign-it passed through the same streets, behind the same proud soldier, amid a silent, wondering through be invested anew with the trappings of royalty, to play the same puppet, like part on a stormy and crowded stage. The grim ghosts of slaughtered Talbots, Somerset's, and Cliffords, of the many thousands that on French and English ground had died in defending the rights of the son of Henry V. would have formed the fittest cortege in the triumph of their phantom-king.-History of Charles the Bold, Duke of Burgundy. 