''. ; LITERATURE I'S RIÓ H MO NB. , ' THE condition of aslaveholding' city in which common whisky ia sold at ono hundred find fifty dollars per gallon, and the unoommon, we snpposo, at prices which ' aro the despair bf numeration,' must' be frightful in the extreme. Yet ; this is the cost of that thud necessary o! life ' in Richmond, While suoh luxuries ns boots are held at 3U0 dollars per pair. Under Ibis top-' lofty condition of the market, it is not woadorful to fiad newspapers in this distressed, city vendod at prices which would be somewhat largo for tall copies of almost unique volumes, or raro speci- mens of ' Greek manuscripts. Those' who are hungrier' .for "tue Bichmond Èxàminer than they nra ' for their brenkfatts^ can havo this shoe* regularly served et BO dollars per annum, cish'in advance, - and ' no credit UEder any circum- stances given ; ' which strikes'' na a* an ' exceedingly wise' arrangement on tho *', part of the proprietors'. "We «an sisara those who are cot off, io Richmond, from the .pjes,surea. of,'parUéal^ lb»t ;whea ibt ' jTsnkes barbariapa^Boce^^in,^ th») cUy, ita inhabitants willrana be able to read the 'obmmon intelligence 'witnout'paying such an an' common price for it-that is., if they can read at all; We hope when that "good time bornes, the patriarchs will, through exceeding humiliation, be iii a condition to think! us. fdr the'blessings which we shall have to offer-them, and that the most plethoric; of nian-owners can then gc through «« Uncle Tom's Cabin " without burst- ing his principal blood-vessels. In « elavehold , ing Confederacy, newspapers most always '.be of very little consequence, partly because they are te'ther expected nor allowed ° to tell the, truth ; partly because the bulk of the community cannot -read; partly because newspapers-'ere the in- dicators of progress, and -'Slavery exists, by its absolute suspension ; partly because . there';can be no public journals without "a corresponding public intelligence; and partly hecause,., under any slave system of labour, the facilities for the circulation of newipapers must be limited by the piucity of the population and the badness' of the .roads. -' Tais .is ,',* state '.of things . which no tbotough-paoed Man-Owner will regret. Ile not only holds reading of any description in ex- ceeding contempt, ? but he believes,' and saje» that the chief evils which sffliict other . commu- nities -than his own arise from the'multiplication of books and'the diffusion' of'koowledge.: Most of the slave-holding philosophera have always insisted .. that to >" edúcate1 thep masses1"' of mankind wai' ter invoke' anarchy' and. promote : infidelity-that : Common Schools, so <far- from being the blessing which we consider' them, Were a political curse .- that the more, ignorant poor men were kept the better. Hdnee we suppose that they feel the high price "of whisky much'more keenly in Richmond than the high1 price of the Examiner^ for the examination of which they do notoire the rinsings of a'punch-bowl. We think nothing could better illustrate the antagonistic positions bl a free and ot a "sla ve community.' The latter is more afraid of discussion af any kind tban'a bqarding-súhool miss is of the ghost of her grandmother. Of course, . in " any society,' the, members'" of'which .are required'to think' alike upon <a topic of principal importance', a newspaper ' would be' the most needless ^ing ' conceivable.'' Thp dominant class in the Confederacy Bupppsos ' slavery to' be tao greatest of the-God-given blessings;.'and it expects the sub-dominant .class, to thinkjthe same ,way. Everything is settled for centnrW tb come'.' Tb go-ahead is, Yankee, and to stand still' alone 'becomes ..' pa'riarchal gentlemen!. It is evident thara society like-this is limited in i'.s .position ; and although,, it may move1 back ward, progress involves something'pretty near tb its complete dissolution Thus the slaveholding scheme is in itself tolerably rounded, consistent, and complete ; and considered as' the'work ' of , the devi!, could hardly be improved, even by his OjWn admitted ingenuity. -'.' But freedom 'implies not merely a physical but sn intellectual enlarge'' ment-audacity in grappling with great questions affecting the auliiire of mankind-curiosity in the solution of eooial problems-disoootent with any manifest blunder which is capable of cor- rection-the application of discovery' to ' neve ' and higher ." methods of lifo.: To be freo ¡snot merely to poeaess the privilège of locomotion at wi'l, but the boon' of thinking, and of subse- quent ly reducing thought to concrete - and pf He- lical results. Hence, while Slaveholders want, nb newspapers. Freemen feel them to be as much a necessary of life as brea I or meat. j "? It will be very dreadful, by-and-by, for the: exclusive and isolated lords of- the plantations to find theirpüprmous estates cot up into small farms, with i every; small farmer taking, at least one nowspoppr; and some of thom two or three.' It trill be intolerable when perihunco they may reid something in ..their local journals .irritating'; to their peculiar sensibilities, not to be able togo over and shoot theofTendihg editor, or at" lèàst administbr. the balmage of tar with the appro/ priate feathers; t - But this class of men, in Epa son, will 'dieWt, and (he Wörld will bo better on I (heir departure.1 After they have become con ' veniently'few tn Richmond; we shall' hear , ho: more of newspapers thoro at half a hundred dollars per annum, even altbounh that fine city may be in a síaté ol siege. \- NeW York Tribune. 