sOUR MOWTIT.T BUI WMARTT. ivt Our Summary forstransmiision to1 the' United 't' Kingdom, India, , ¢p. ,.rlll;t be published on e Saturday 23rd instant, and 'will be ý forwarded to addresses sent to the office in timefor jo posting. 'The subscription is' fee shillings per y annum, paid in adaodner "Single copies' iipence. i Vsnsoi?mso. --Several persons seem to o hbve been smitten with an itch for rhyme--mah It deplorably.bad. First appeared a dirge, and then a recitation with personal allusions. A writer n Issued a very harmless impromptu, doubting which C "poet" wasu thei worst. ;i'This was replied to in a coarse s?ltei which elicited a personal rejoinder. a Two individuals were then acensed as the'suthors ci of these impioinpttls, one of whom nva actually 2 out of the colonjit the' time. " Argus" then Y stepped forward, and in a trenchant way described b the calumniator. .. A number of gentle- fr men wgre, then .,assailed, every one A of whom was guiltless of stringing a rhyme to. gether. - Perh spa ai better -eleetion could not have been madde,' for tlhe have been tire objects, a of ail thatinalicie 'tuld isvant and spite express, it from the same quarter, for tlte list twentyfveo years, without, sIfferliog any sensible: injury. a "Argas" again seeks a place in our columns, and we cannot in faiikess'refuso him When indi c viduals areirthiossll'attaieit d, whenthe s3nclity of private Jfir lsia invhded, it is not surprising that som e.pens should he provoked to resent the wrong, and to show what the aggressor is, if re- t sponsible for' the offences of his ielatives as well as his own, as he assumes others ore, Society cannot be outraged witlls impunity, and if there` are persons who decline to soil their fingers on c such oceasitns;' there are others not? o nice, and they are entliti d to be heard. DEATs Or Ma. G. T. G.LEnOw."-Itis with regret that we announce the somewllt sudden death of Mr. George T. Gleadow, of Harland Rise, near Evandale, son of J. W. Gleadow, Esq., of this; town. tie was taken severely ill on Fridays andd: though he rallied; osmewhat. on the following day, the change proved but temporary, and hbeexpired early on Tuesday morning. TIhe funeral takes place in Lsunceston'thls afternoon. InaoLVOnT Court..--We sinderetand there will not be any sittlng'oI'this Court this morning, there being no hbusiness to iransact.: i.-rATTEMPTBD BURGLAIRY.-A few -nights since an attempt was'made about half- past eloven o'clock by some parson or persons, to enter the residence ofi the Rev. F. Hales,' Victoria Terrace, by. bursting open the back door. Both Mr. and Mri. Hales were up a tthe time however, and on ti'tr'ev. gentleman sgoing to see what.. was'the matter, the villains decamped . The watch dogs usually on the prenmises had been previonsly dis. posed of in some way by the would be burglars, and did not return home until about seven o'clock on the following moroine. ENIorsn MAIA..-" No sign" was again the Sreport when the Telegriaph Office opened at ten o'clock last nighlt. PoTnr Tunsa.---faceaulay's sketch, given a in our last, though never ittended for any of the Northern representatlves, has b'boh?t instantly. adopted, it seems, by o.nie of themselves. According to the old sayintg the cap fitted, and so the indisidual wore it. 'Bit that?was en' e tirely his own nction : it was `iot lntended or nn itielpated; in foot he was ieBver f0r a; moment d thought of. Some of the lineaments of character r as pencilled by the :great historian may, indeed, have been thought strikingly trath Sful; but the judgment that so:eagerly proclaims d what it alone recognised, -could 'scarcely d Ily claim to the quality of shrewd-, \- ness. If -- this remarkable resolution 5 to give a personnalappllcation to everything thaot 0 appears in the Examiner i persisted in, we shall really feel somae hesitationt anti misgiving in the iselectiotis we mnnkeroom the literature of the day. it A nbot ;over-fastidious vanity, and a foregone de terminatilont be a mnariyr, can alone account for ihe strsiage proceivity. to A ToUOINtro INCIDOET IN THEII NE ZeALA?nn W ?'a-Thoe aew Zealand Herald con rains of: the followin'g touching story:--"The cllef Ngl?kiis, of'thd Ngeaiwhiuauonga tribe was d one of the fighting meen In the Rangariri redoubt, d and with him was hlis wife Ranginra, as indeed i, many other women were present and fell on the occasion, remaining in tiherear, and loading thi guns, while those they had jutst loaded were being o fired by their husbands. During the engagement ly liangiurs, seeing a soldier level his rifle at her tg husband, at once, and with the quick instinct of affection, threw herself in front of him, and re ad coived the bullet in lier own breast. Ngnkepl t, escaped unhurt. 'This brave woman, who thus i sacrificed herselfforher husband, wasothe daughter of a celebrated chief,-l'e Aloraroa, of the same rn tribe, tihe Ngatlwhauvunga." to PUBLOt ' LIBnnnY. - 'The djourned he annual' meethig of the subocribers to this institt in tion:" is: nnounced for thtis evening at seven o'clock. - - SooTCH AND OENoGLISH M nARRIAolRe During a discusslon on the marriage law, before tihe S ocil Science Assooination, Laord Brougham relsted the following anecdote:--"I recollect in St a trial at Lancaster, in which I was counsel for defendant, that Baron Wood said that very few cases occured of such irregular marriages, to 27 which I replied that at that moment the Sea of Canterbury, the woolsack, and tile office of Privy on Seal were all filled by men who had contracted Cc Irregular marriages"': lila lotetship added, " In every case the parties were re-married on their re turn to England, and whst was the most extraor dinary thing of all, they had to sware they were singlo at the time." --Leeds Aercurt, Oct. 17. A SoroLrr?i Sot osoee.-ThoCnorriere Sili ano of Palmero relates the following anecdote. -" An officer in command of a detachment havingg received information that a young con script had concealed hlimclf in a villa, proceeded thither, anod stated the object of r his visit to the lady of the house, who immediately affirmed that he wos mistaken, and produced her i two daughters as the only Inmates of the house The officer, altera minute search, finding no one C else, told the lady that one of her daughters must C hbe the delinquent. Tire lady protested against S thitls inshiuation, but the officer recollecting tihe judgement- of Solomon, Intlinated to the two b young ladies that they must both go with him to tlihe barraok At this announcement, one of .the young ladies blushed, and the other- crew pale, P and thereby discovered the trick. The officer at I nce reqtesed tile pale lady to put on clothes of the otter sex, and to follow thhitu to his regiment." a S'Tri;i'"sCttAsautn oP DAT.?."-Perlsops 0 no publio man has had the courage to send to the 1 Chamber of Death, as it is called at tile Times ofilce, and ask the editor to let him have a look at c his "Lifo." Sohetimes, however, these "Lives" appear before tile breatht i out of the body, as re cently ochcred in the case of Lord Clyde. The Times takes great care about these matters. Some' yeas ago'a' report was brought to the office at 11 o'clock at night that Lord John Russell was dead Sli'":?Valter,' who goes to the office much more frequiently than.ia supposed, happened to be there A consultation immediately took plnac with writers. and editors, and a gentlemin of tact anti experience was sent off in the middle of the night to Chieaham- pilce to enquire into the truth ot falsehood of the report. He soon discovered that it arose out of exaggerated reports of a alight indisposition, whilchhad been magnified into the. death of the noble Lord; but short as was his absence from the office, iri the inierim ample means badhbeen taken to meet the emergency-the fatal casket bhad been opened, the record of a life which would form in itself no unimportanoot chapter in the history of the country was dispilayed, and an army of biographers, editors, and printers were prepared to raise the ghost of the departed noble man,- and fix the picture in its frames before the morning light had dawned upon the sleepers of London. When tle messenger had returned, and Sit, was, found that the intelligence was false, the ' memoir was re-consigned to its resting.place in the caskele, thb6 Uhiatmer of Death closed, the rejected Id columns'replaced, and the world was informed that the Times was rejoiced to be able to state that the rumour of the illness of so distinguished a noble mas.,was: wholly without foundation.-Court S.ourTml. id CUntOUs MEDICAoL FAoT.-It is a curi , ons thing that lifo among the Arabs is of a more so healthy kind than the life of the self-same Arabs ie brought into town (even tihe Spahis in Paris got sick lately tilt encamped along with , their horses and cows), and the reason has only l leaked out gradually. Such Arabs haie no dis 'eso'llke measles or small-pox that, amongst the Chinese to wit, either renders blind or kills 30 per cent. of the poaolti?n. The Arabs lie asleep ig, with their horses and oxen. The "groaoe" a peculiar disease of horses, gives cow-pox to the the cows, and this saves the Arab children fromt the small-pox. eleasles is another'disease, as en as well as consumption, that they escape. Some he atritlig facts go to show that measles arise from feathers and straw used in nurseries for children.; e, Sevealy per.cent. of the cases spread and arise by ad infection, so thistlie Arabs escape. Consumption, on again is a disease nothknown among Arabs, living the l the open air ; it is a disease ais certainly og arising from bad ventilatiots in close rooms as that the sun rises in thie east,. or that our Irilt work is' houses are nurseries of tills fell disease. It is now irs, believed that iobacco.is less injurious to the world ck titan sugar as the' root of a series of diseases ending in rheimatism and diseased heart.-Dr. tho Kidd.. ten' 