THE KAPUNDA HERALD. Saturday, December Zrd, 1864:. It is a gigantic anomaly that in one of the most advanced dependencies of a land pre-eminent for the security of lite, fame, and property which its laws profess to afford to the subject, the character and fortunes of any section of the community should be, to a great extent, at the mercy oi a practically irresponsible tribunal. Yet such is undoubtedly the case in South Australia at this moment. From an exalted vantage-ground, far removed from the numerous salutary checks that regulate the public utterances of ordinary mortals, our Judges have it in their power, by a single thoughtless or uncalled-for remark, to inflict the greatest hardship upon, and in many cases seriously to injure, the position of such individuals as are unfortunate enough to become the subjects of comment. Considerable weight mast, from the very position of these gentlemefc, necessarily attach to any opinions they may see fit to express in their public capacity; and, although we demur to the abject view which regards a judicial dictum as being above public criti cism, and in some measure invested with the attribute of infallibility, and altogether incline to the opinion that Judges, as a general rule, are quite as liable to the failings and. errors of human nature as other men, we hope not to be wanting in due respect for the elevated and respon sible office which they fill. But to show respect is one thing, and to abstain from comment on judicial proceedings (which is the line of conduct generally followed by our metropolitan contemporaries) is another; and we should be wanting in out duty as public journalists were we to buffer the recent extraordinary doings and sayings in the Supreme Court, in connection with the case of Allen v. Stobie, to pass without an expression of opinion* « It seems that on this occasion, upon an ex parte proceeding of the plaintiff some very severe reflections were cast upon the Stipendiary Magistrate of the Kapunda district, and his character for justice and impartiality seriously impugned in an affidavit composed and filed by the former. The Court very properly advised the plaintiff's solicitor to strike out portions of that document which were characterized as not pertinent to the question; and then most improperly, as we think, proceeded to pass judgment (morally) on an absent and undefended Magistrate in terms which might seriously affect the position of any person less known and respected in his magisterial sphere than Mr. Browne. Tne acceptance of a testimonial by a Magistrate of one of those "inferior" Courts which our Judges look upon with such disdain is evidently considered by them a most reprehensible proceeding, and grave suspicions of a failure of justice are hinted in language which cannot be mis ' understood.* We know nothing of the legality or illegality of the act complained of in this instance, and presume that it will be argued at the proper time. But of this we are very certain, that the Chief Justice and Mr. Boothby in their remarks on the conduct of the Stipendiary Magis trate of this place were exercising a very dangerous privilege, and used expressions which might easily be turned to the de triment of the reverence which ought to be paid to their office. Let the doctrine once be established, that because a Magistrate is on friendly terms with one party in a suit, and not with the other, his decision in the case must necessarily be looked upon with suspicion, and there will be an end to all confidence in the administration of justice in the Supreme Court or any other Court. "In the comparatively small circle in which he moves," to quote the Chief Justice's words, as reported in the Regis ter, eveiy Magistrate must, from the unavoidable interlacing of private interests and concerns in a limited community lilca ours, frequently have to give judgment against persons with whom he is at variance in private life, yet the general fairness and justice of even our least pro minent Courts has hitherto happily re mained unquestioned, and it would be a matter for regret if, inconsequence of any expression of opinion from the Supreme Court, a less satisfactory state of feeling should begin to prevail. If it is requisite that the Supreme Court should express its disapproval of the course taken by Mr. Browne in ac- j cepting the testimonial—of the more prac- ! tical object and intent of which we can j hardly suppose their Honors to have been altogether ignorant—it was perhaps as well that the implied censure went forth under an evident misapprehension of the modus operandi which was adopted by the pro moters of that demonstration in his favor. We have the best authority for saying that neither the amounts subscribed nor the names of the subscribers ever have been made known to Mr. Browne; that many subscribers to the testimonial were unwilling to let their names appear at the foot of the Address; and that for all the information he could derive from the pub lished list of signatures, the presentee might, until disabused by the plaintiff's voluntary disclosure, have looked upon him as the prime mover of the whole , affair. Of course there were other reasons that rendered such a supposition improbable, and this fact is of itself sufficient to deprive their Honors' objections of much of the weight which they might, otherwise have had. Men of ordinary intelligence rarely stand in need of testi monials to enable them to discern between friends and foes; and, without testimo nials, occasions will arise in the course of every Magistrate's career, when he will be called upon, willing or unwilling, to pronounce judgment between a known friend arid, a known enemy. Although tbis attempt to cast a slur on the administration of justice in the Kapunda Court is to be regretted, it is more from public motives than on account of any detrimental effect that it might be imagined to have on the Magistrate's re putation and prospects, or on the general confidence of suitors in his administration of, the law. The unmistakeabte antago nism shown by the Supreme Gourt towards the tribunals which have usefully mono polized so large a portion of its former functions is a feature little calculated to elevate its own authority in the opinion of that public for whose benefit and con venience Courts and Magistracies have, after all, been created. Where, either through want of amena bility to criticism, or from some other cause, the prerogative of unfettered speech comes to be frequently and indiscri minately exercised; it ceases to wield that] influence which is one of the most powerful engines for upholding public' morality. The very unrestrictedness of so dangerous a power acts as a corrective of any disastrous effects it might have upon those against whom it is set in mot on, and it is rather for the sake of the maintenance of the respect which is due to the highest tribunal in the land, than from any apprehensions of real injury resulting to anybody's reputation through the too frequent exercise of that power, that we would wish to see a considerable curtailment of what may be termed the Table-talk department of the Supreme Court. If all those who neglected to register their electoral claims previous to the hold ing of the late Courts of Revision could have foreseen what the Jitiale of the pre sent Session was going to be, we appre hend that Mr. Mann would have found more work cut out for him than he ever dreamt of or bargained for. At no period since the inauguration of Responsible Government have the electors been called upon to exercise their suffrages with greater discrimination than at the present time. On no previous occasion have questions of higher import, as affecting the future welfare of this Province, pre sented themselves for their consideration. As the rock upon which the Ministe rial vessel has just split, the squatting question, naturally occupies the most pro minent place. Ostensibly, the destiny of the squatters has been sealed by the con firmation of Mr. Goyder's Valuations; bat practically, the future rent of such runs as may be thrown up will be fixed by the principles that shall guide the Government in putting them up to auction.1 The opinions broached by candidates on this subject will doubtless influence the action of the electors, almost to the ex clusion of other considerations. This is to be regretted ; cot because it is desirable that the pastoral lands of the Colony should for ever be moaopolized by a pri vileged and self-interested class, but because the mania for increasing1 the re venue by a few thousands at their expense will leave other questions, of at least equal importance, in danger of remaining undiscussed at the forthcoming election meetings, and place the Colony in a great measure at the mercy of those candidates who are sharp enough to confine their electioneering speeches to this one topic, and to preserve a discreet silence on most other points. There are, however, other matters quite as weighty as the question of the subdivision of runs ; and when the agriculturists have succeeded in disposing of a bloated squattocracy they may find reason to regret not having exerted them selves to insure a repeal of abuses which concern them quite as much as the feeding of the revenue, and the tenure of pastoral areas. The very regulations for the exercise of commonage rights within the Hundreds are of such a character as to amount, practically, to a denial of those rights to numerous individuals "who have bought sections, rather for the sake of the com monage attached thereto, than for the intrinsic value of the land. We trust, also, that the necessity for a comprehensive system of road-making and management will not be lost sight ofl Year after year the various attempts put forth to satisfy the requirements of the country on this score have been futile; and, with the increasing traffic, the in adequacy of the centralization principle, as applied to this branch of the public administration, is becoming more and more felt. The educational question has long been in abeyance j but it cannot be looked upon as settled, so long as an important section ol the commuoity are to a great extent debarred from participating in the benefits of a fund which is expended under conditions to which they cannot con scientiously subscribe. It is, moreover, becoming a matter for grave considera tion, whether a portion of the amount voted tor education might not advanta geously be expended in the endeavour to - raise, in some degree, the standard of teaching, by the establishment of a train ing college for teachers, in connection with a model school in some central posi tion within the Province. As the case now stands, a portion of the fund un doubtedly goeB to subsidize individuals who are wanting in some of the prime essentials of a teacher, and to perpetuate a Btyle of instruction which is anything but on a par with the progressive ten dencies oi the age. Then, again, there is the distillation question, with the still greater one of taxation looming in the back ground. The winegrowing interest is becoming too important to be permitted for ever to succumb to financial or any other con siderations ; and the battle of Customs and no Customs, involving the settlement I of numerous other items under the head of taxation, will have to be fought sooner or later, and it will be a matter for sur prise if some premonitory skirmishes do not take place during the ensuing elec tions. We have no intention of enumerating all the various subjects "which wi.l, or should, afford matter for the consideration of el cSors, but must not omit to notice the Circut Courrs Act, which although happily shelved this Session, is quite likely to break out in a fresh place and be quietly passed, more, we fear, to the profit and advantage of the legal profession than to that of the public. Without pursuing the subject further, it will, we think, be evident that there is plenty of food fcr reflection, and plenty of room for discri mination between the merits of rival can didates, even within the limited range o f the questions upon which we have touchei, and that if the squatting question is to be the Shibboleth of admission to the new Parliament, there will be danger of fatal mistakes being made next Session in the treatment of matters of perhaps mora universal and permanent import It would hardly be worth while refer ring to the delightful rainfall that greeted us on Wednesday night, were it not for the moral which we intend to ex tract from it. Although too insignficant in quantity, perhaps, to do much good to the forward crops, yet its beneficent effects in allaying the chionic dust- clouds that afflict Kapunda were most palpably and agreeably felt during the rest of the week. Shirt-collars, antimacassars!, an/i other specially ill-used articles of apparel or use, all participated in the benefits of the seasonable change. During the hal cyon period to which we refer, it was pos sible to open an egg without discovering the ghost of pulverised Macadam in the yolk, to spread bread and butter without seasoning it simultaneously with the same gritty condiment, and to write a letter without finding your pen ran full of sand before you had got naif way down to " Yours, truly." Why should it ever be otherwise? Why should we not take a hint from Jupiter Pluvius and refresh, our main thoroughfare daily at small cost ? The milky fluid that meanders in tortuous streams along the mine slopes into the bosom, of ill-used Light, and makes its waters un drinkable, would, if judiciously distributed along our chief thoroughfares in summer, become a source of comfort and advantage to the whole town. We perceive that a monster picnic and fete is being arranged in connection with the Institute, to come off early in January, and that m the mean time steps are being taken for the advantageous dis posal of the old Institute iii' a manner which is expected to enlist the speculative tendencies of the public to. a considerable extent. ' We perceive that His Honor Mr. Jus lice TBoothhy has stated it as his opinion, that, during the Criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, no committal to those fittings should take place ; but cases in volving committal be adjourned until the sittings are over. There is no doubt that the "feeding of the calendar ' referred to by the Crown Solicitor, must be highly inconvenient both to the presiding Judge and to the Jurors; and as people will be naughty, and the sessions cannot be ex pected to be got through in the brief lapse of time expressed by a popular trope referring to a bed-post; and as, further more, the Judge and Jury are presumably innocent, whilst the committed prisoners, in the great majority of instances, are presumably, at least, blameable—all legal axioms to the contrary notwithstanding— ergo, it is preferable that the presumptive malefactors should be deprived of their liberty for three months, rather than that those who are appointed to determine the fact and degree of guilt in each case should have to submit to an indefinite prolongation of their duties. A certain degree of hardship is attached, of course, to either alternative, but, on the whole, we are inclined to think that the balance of justice is on the side of the new arrange ment. Austria v. A ustralia.—Through a mistake at the Telegraph Office the mes sage relating to the intentions of Russia, which was iorwarded to us from Adelaide late on Tuesday evening last week, was made to convey a very different sense from what our correspondent intended. It should have been, " The Polish Natio-1 Hal Government communicated to Aus tralia (not AustriaJ the hostile in ten tions ol .Russia." There was nothing in the telegram itself to show that the news had come via Melbourne, and we accord ingly put it down as a revelation that had been made, under pressure, in our own Parliament that afternoon. Neither was there anything unnatural or improbable in the statement that Austria, which rather connived at the Polish insurrection in the first instance, should have been employed by the Rational Government as the medium for warning a known sympa thising power like England of the danger which her Colonies were exposed. When to this is added the geceral conviction at the time, that the mysterious communica tion so darkly hinted at by the Ministry has'emanated irom the Home Government, it will not be considered surprising that such a mistake should have occurred The affair is altogether an amusing exemplifi cation of the traps into which even editors are sometimes apt to fall. We perceive that it is the intention of the -Government to erect a platfoim on die railway Ime—b^ween. Freeling and -^^paiinda,~"and in the event) of "snffiisieiii being given.. to_j3stablish a permanent station. This will be a great Iveaommodation to the farmers dwelling near the lina in the interval between the two present stations, which is more than double the length of any other on the line. By reference to our advertising columns we find that the Kapunda and Light Cricket Club intends to play its first match of the season on Monday next, the 5 th instant, with the Munno Para Club. The match will be played on the Kapunda Ground, near the Institute, wickets to be pitched at ten o'clock. From the reputa tion of die Munno Para Club, added to the fact that our own Club has received several accessions of late, we may antici a sharp contest. The Kapunda team will be the following:—Messrs. Harden (cap tain), G. Davey, Packer, J. ScanGrett, Waeiing, Rudall, Sherwood, Downing, Hyde, Kelly, and Windebank. The cricketers and friends will dine together at the conclusion' of the game at Host Crase's. The choice of the civic electors for Adelaide has fallen on Mr. W. Townsend, who gained the victoiy over his opponent by about ICO votes last Thursday. On the same day Messrs. Luke Murphy, O. Rankin, and W. Bundy were returned for Gawler, Grey, and Robe Wards, res pectively. At Port Adelaide, Mr. J. W. Smith was elected Mayor with a majority of two votes. At Kensington and Nor wood, Mr. Daniel Fisher, as Mayor, obtained a majority of forty-nine. It has been determined that the disso lution of Parliament shall not take place immediately, but about the latter end of January; so as to give - time for the busiest portion of the harvest to be got over before the new election- writs are issued, which will take place simulta neously with those tor the vacancies in the Upper House falling due this year. A short Bill under the name of the "Width of the Tires BUI," embodying those clauses which many people consider to be the cream of the lost Main Roads Bill, was passed in Committee of the Lower House on Thursday. Mr. Strang ways is the member whom teamsters have to thank for the introduction of a measure so closely affecting their interests. - The prohibitory clauses will come into opera tion in 1866: so wheelwrights beware ! answer to enquiries that we had occasion to make concerning the present condition of the Lacamore Mine, the fol lowing report has been handed to us for publication by Captain Rowe Sir—Having visited the Lacamore Mine on Tuesday last, I beg to inform you. that there is avery promising lode at the depth of fifty feet. Also, I find that the proprietors have decided in sinking a downright shaft to intersect the lode at what they consider water-level. When, I have no doubt, they will have a paying lode. I am, &c.;, JOHN EOWE Kapimcla, December 2,1864. The Port Wallaroo Volunteers, in con nection with the Treasurer's speech in the House respecting them, continue to afford a theme of merriment, and a really clever caricature by Mr. Shaw (artist) has been recently exhibited at the Cornucopia Hotel. The picture represents, the Russian fleet in the distance; a well-known individual is mounted at the top of a high ladder with a glass—his likeness is excellent, particularly in the victualling department. The harbour master, whose figure is ad mirably rendered, is standing near, and asks, " How do they head t" The other replies, " Bang for the coals." Under the harbour master's fleet are the words, "Our nation will resist to the last." The jetty, the new celebrated "coal heap" (some 4,000- tons), stand out in bold relief; and in the foreground is the "gal lant little band to whom we are to look for the defence of this part of the Colony." The likeness of the veteran and stalwart captain is unmistakeable 5 his attitude is characteristic and fall of spirit, and in animating terms he is urgiog his men, si forward for the defence of their allies, their homes, and—the coals." One or two other likenesses amongst the volun teers are readily distinguishable. The railway trucks are coming down at a rattling pace loaded with miners from Kadina, armed with picks and shovels ; and the telegraph master anxiously enquires if he shall telegraph to the Burra for more ? I hear there is some probability of a copy being sent to Ade laide $ if it be well drawn it will be worth seeing.— Wallaroo Correspondent of Telegraph. On Thursday we were shown a magni ficent specimen of the black swan, which had been shot by Mr. Joseph Bowett that afternoon, on the Light, near the township. On Tuesday last a bush fire broke out on the lands of Mr. David Shannon and Mr. Flave],of St. Kitt's, near Kapunda, about ni- e a.m., and blazed with great fury until noon, when, through the exertions of about 100 per sons, who soon made their appearance at the scene of the disaster, and the fortunate sudden change of the wind, the fire wa? subdu d; not, however, before it had destroyed between 200 and S00 acres of grass. How the fire originated cannot be ascertained. Great praise is due to the neighbours for their prompt assistance. 