THE NEWS BY THE JVtilL. SPIRIT OF THE PRESS. THE PERILS OF AUSTRALIA. IFBOJI THE TIMES, BEIT. 17.) Nobody can deny that going to war has its disadvantages; on the other hand, it ia also a rich mine o,f experience. America has been for the last iou.r years making a vory expan- sivo experiment, for the bos out, as Mr. Lin coln says, of " whom it may concern ;" and, na nobody is exempt from- the possibility .of going to war, America may be said to have1 leen labouring for the benefit of the whole human race. But that advantage which.1 America has derived from the actual prose-' culioli of hostilities, it has beon our good for- tune, in one instance at least, to obtain with- out any hostilities at all. It irr generally supposed that we gained nothingifrom our contemplated intervention in the affairs of Poland; but this, from information which, has reached us, we now see to bean error. Wo did not, indeed, save Poland, nor gather any rich harvest of diplomatic laurels ,but we have learnt what IB the first thing wô havo to expect if wo efater into actual* hos-' tilitlcs with Russia. We are in poasession'of Information, which comes to us in a vory'authentic'shape, that* Russia fully expected the breaking out of war ' as'the'rtjsultof her correspondence with the ' English and French Governments last year, and she was resolved that this time at least shfa would do something better with her fleet than suffer it to bo cooped up behind the defences ofCronstadt, or sunk ingloriously in * the harbour of Sebastopol. She had studied with much attention, and apparently no little profit, the tactics of the Confederates in the present civil war. She had seen how much injury a very small force can inflict on a very large and flourishing commerce, and though sho probably did not anticipate that she could gain, in Bplto of the navy of Eng- land, successes as decisive as thoso achieved by the Alabama and other Confederate cruisers, she still might veryroasonably think that she could strike a blow which, though it might not succeed in crippling the commercial superiority ot England, would nevertheless inflict great discredit on her armBand serioiiB damage on her commerce. Sho well knew that after war bad been declarod her fleet could not hope long to keep tho seas against Buch a forco ns England and France could . bring against It. She had chosen a vulner- able point, and on that so soon ns war was di clared she was determined to make a swoop. For this purpose, instructions had beon issued to the Russian admirals on the American and Californian coasts, directing thom to leave their respective ports by différant routes for a common place of rendezvous, to be ascer- tained in mid-ocean by latitude and longi- tude. The fleet thus assembled was to hold itself In readiness, in the event of a war with England, to bear down on the Australian colonies. Melbourne was to be the first place attacked ; thon Hobart Town, in Tasmania,'; then Adelaide, thon Sydnoy, then Now Zea- land. The force that was to ho assembled for the purpose was fully adequate to the service required of it. The ships that were to be detached from the Now York station would have mustered 15G guns, and those from Japan and California would havo carried altogether forty-three guns; the number of seamen was 2,971, and there were 127 officers. The vessels were principally armed with 68 pounders, but tho admirals had orders to obtain from Now York what- ever rifled guns they might require. Of course, there Is nothing in this story, true as wo believe it to be, to excite in the minds of the people of this country any sort of ill feeling against Russia. If England will go to war with powerful nations, she must ex- pect that they will choose the weakest point they can find, whether the cause of the quarrel be an idea, a nationality, or a sontl niont. Tho plan stems to havo beon skilfully conceived, and was, no doubt, far better than tho old oneof treatingyour fleet as something that is to bo laid up in lavender, to bo pro- tected and taken caro of, instead of boing employed for the purpose of injuring the enemy. If wo had been fooliah onough to ba drawn into a war with Russia for such a chimrcra as the regeneration of Poland, we should not havo had the slightest right to complain, though sho had mado us feel the evilB of the conflict in the most aonsltive place and in the severest manner. We trust that this little disclosure will be a uBefiil lesson in many ways. It ought to teach a certain portion of tho publia that tho changes which have taken place in the art of war will not permit England, as heretofore, to indulge her taste for military glory and liberal continental politics with the same im- punity as she could m the glorious days before steam and rifled cannon had done so much to equalise the weak with tho strong. If we inflict injuries, we must make up our minds also to receive them. Our commcrco will not, we believe, be swept from the ocean, nor will our colonies be conquered from us, but we must expect a very serious rise in tho rate of insur- ance, and admit at once our inability to de- fend at the same moment the coast of Africa, Australia, Now Zealand, British Columbia, and Canada against an enemy whom steam shall have rendered ubiquitous and invisible. This intelligence will no doubt be received with great interest in the Australian colonies. There is at this moment much ill feeling there with regard to the transportation ques- tion. A party is formed whioh proposes to Bend transported prisoners back to England ; and if this gentío measure should not suc- ceed, it IB prepared to tako into consideration the propriety of a separation from the mother country. Theso gentlemen will find an ar- gument in favour of their extreme views in , tho contemplation of the peril to whioh Aus- tralia was cxposod by her connexion with England, and tho hardship of being ravaged . with fire and sword for tho Boko of Polish na- tionality, and tho redress of the balance of power in Europe. No instanco could, indeed, better illustrato the weakness of the tradi- tional policy of this country, and the enor- mous interests that may be put in peril on qucBÜonB asiiomoto from thom as possible. Whon England movep, half the world movos * with her, and Bhe ought not, therefore to niovo except for something in which half of the world is really Interested. But our Australian frlondB may do well to look at this matter from the separation point of view, and seo if their case ismuch mended. At present nobody can attack thom without, bringing upen themselves the whole power of England ; but, once separated from England, the power which chose to attack and plunder them would be subject to no Buck terrible liability. Tho population of Australia is somewhat moro than a million, gathered in a " fow great towns, or thinly soattered over a vost continent. Wo have jiiBt Been in Den- mark the fate of a compaot nation consisting of 2,00O,CC0 of men, and how littlo rightavails " where strenßth is wanting. Australia, sepa- rated from England, wonld no longer bo led < into war for tho sake of English policy ; but,, she might find more fruitful causes for war m her own weakness and the cupidity of the great pou ers than B1IO now does in the foreign pojioy of England, not, of late years at least, ani- mated by a very bolligerent spirit. It wonld i be just as easy for RusBia to plan a littlo expe-. dition of tho kind wo havo been describing without going to war with England ; but tho ' Australian colonies must admit that such an expedition would be infinitely more diffioult^ for them to resist. They will do well to con,-, elder whethei the vaBt wealth accumula ted in great towns like Sydney and Melbourne, on the very edgo of the ocean, would ever" have been created or retained but t for the security against plunder insured by the first, naval power In the world. " Expiroo " oon vlcts are, no doubt, a Very serious evil ; but should these Australian zealota give effect to their views, they will probably find that the ait of plundering IB hy no means restricted to persons who, havo undergpno punishments under the sentences of the courts of law, bul,, that their tilla may ho os.effeotually emptied ^ their warehouses as completely sasked, and, their women as grievously wronged by the epaulettsd warriors of European states, as by, those romantic bushrangers whoAave revived, the memory of Turpin and of MachçatU,In, the secluded valley» of Australia, WESTERN AUSTRALIA. (FBOM. ma TIMBS, SÍNT, 19.), The dcBtinks of Western Australia, hav» become a matter of interest, not only to the» mother country, but to the Australian colo- nies themselves. Such a statement will no doubt, appear paradoxical to most of our readers, but it is really not so, It has r.'iaascd a certain Fchool of colonial doctrinaires, of whom the late Sir James Stepheu may ho consideud a fair representative, *x> speak of our colonial empire as a great uonfedoracy something in the samo pinsu in which the United States were tiuly Bald to form a federal republic. With regard to tfcocnonlca, however, no notion eau he mon» inaccurate. The coLnies ara alI'depen<iencUf) of the san» Crown and have inlioir.ce relations with the mother country, but¡ thoy have very slight relations indeed vith each other. If -you _ . really want to know fanjthing about a | : colony, the parson least likely to give you ' information, is the inhabitant of the neigh- bouring colony. It does, however, happsn that at this present time the Eastorn colonies of Australia have a very great and important interest in knowing what manner of place , Western Australia really Is, whit are Its resources, what aro its export1, what the wishes gand ^objects of its population. For i this purpose the Melbourne Argus has, with much public spirit, imitated tha example Bet * by ourselves at tho time when it became important toobtain accurate and trustworthy information with regard to tho existing state ?< of Ireland. It has despatched a commissioner to luvtBtigate and report on the present prospects ot Western Australia, and the re- sults'of that report are now beforj ns. We think our hundred-eyed contemporary ha? "¡been fortunato In the selection of the gentle- man on whom has devolved this difficult and «responsible duty. His letters are exceedingly interesting1, the more BO because from the failure of Western Australia as a colony, ita inaccessibility from the sea, its remote situation, and the overpowering interest attnehing to the eastern colonies, their gold 1 fields and their eheepwalke, and, we may add, from the forbidding nature of the country » itself, very,little has been written and vory . little Is known about it. Whatever the theory which we adopt with regard to transportation, it is important to know precisely what are the qualities of the place to which alone it is enforced. If we adopt the prevalent idea that transportation requires for its success a free and rising community, which may absorb into itself and assimilate to ilsother population pri- soners as soon as they are set free by the expi- ration of their periodb of punishment, we ought to be thoroughly well satisfied that the place we have selected possesses natural advantages and capabilities, sufficient to make it the re- sidence of a largo free population. If we con- sider transportation merely as equivalent to banishment for life to a country from which no egress is permitted, we roust see that tho country possesses the necessary conditions for the secure custody of the persons whom it is desired to retain. The report of the Commis- sioner of She Argus gives ampio information on theEO subject?, which we commend to the careful consideration of our readers West Australia is 1,300 miles in length, and 800 miles in width, containing, therefore, one third of the Australian continent. The colony was founded in 1829. It was a failure from the beginning, from causes which will easily be understood. In 1850 it became, at its own request, a receptacle tor convicts; since then i it has received 7,781 prisoners of the Crown. It is not a grazing country, owing to the ex- traordinary prevalence of poisonous plants. A belt of land for fifty or sixty miles from the sea is sandy, rocky, and barren, having apparently been the bed of a slowly receding ocean. There are no navigable rivers, and the drainage of the country is inland. Thus pasture and profitable agriculture are rendored alike impossible, the first by poisonous plants, the second by the remoteness, of fertile land from the coaBt and the want of water carriage. The inhabited partB of the colony have no good pott. King George's Sound le, indeed, a good harbour, but it Is ontirely iso- lated from the reBt of the colony. The ex- ports are wool, copper, timber, and horses ; but the quantity of wool grown has bitm grievously circumscribed by the causes we have mentioned. Copper mines have not yielded a profit, and the sandalwood, which has been exported in great profusion, has become almost unsaleable. It follows from this outline of the nature and resources 1 of the country that it cannot compete for a moment with the more favoured colonies pf the East-" t'other Bide," as the convicts call them-with their boundless sheep-walks and cattle runs, their splendid harbours, their navigable rivers, their gold, copper, iron, and coal mines, and until all the land that is available for these' purposes has been fully taken up the settlement of/Western Australia as ' a self supporting colony cannot really commence. The convict ¡system-that of working men in gangs on public works ÏB by no moans highly penal ; the labour,is easy, the superintendenca light, and escape is BO difficult, recapture so certain, the interest of the men to conform to Government regulations is BO obviouc, that largo gangs of prisoners are trusted in the interior under the care of a single warder. Crime is cortalnly not more rife in the colony than might be expected from the character of a largo part of its popu- lation. The next point is the effect of the transportation system upon the material well-being of the colony. The large Govern- ment expenditure which the presence of con- victs introduced was, no doubt, beneficial to the sottters by opening a market for their produce, and to the mercantile c'assos by giving them more business to transact: but ' as the sentences of the convicts expired and they began to compete in the labour-markot with the free labourers, another effect began to manifest itself. Tho competition of tho convict drove the free labourer out of the market ¡ a bitter antipathy sprang up between the two .classes, which is the more formidable, as there were in the colonies four years ago 3,812 criminals of twenty-one yoars and upwards, and only 2,708 free labourers above the same age. The ratio of single mon to single women is 4,650 to 801, giving a surplus of 3,749. Few prisoners escape from the colony, but the " expirée" conviclB, owing to the great at'raction of the eastern colonies and the competition of their own class for such employment as the limited capital of the country eau afford, generally find their way to the east. There seems to bo no great facility for escape, and such facility as there is ' might, with a little care and attention, easily be taken away. Assuming these statements to be correct, thero seems no reason to doubt the correct- ness of the inference of The Argus commis- sioner, that Western Australia is not a suit- able place for the reception of convicts under a system which contemplâtes their absorption into and assimilation with a prosperous free community, whose rapidly increasing capital would hold out to them the prospect of ob- taining an honest independence. If trans Îiortatton to Western Australia be continued, ts effect will evidently be to expel freo labour from the colony, and to leave it entirely in tho possession of such members of the " ex 1 piree" class as aro not enterprising enough to Jmd their way to " the otherside." This is certainly not what was intended with regard to the convicts thomselveB, nor yet with reference to the other Australian colonies. Tho English Government never meant that Western Australia should be a mere receiving station at which convicts might remain for a few months or years, to seek their fortunes at the termination of their sentence In the colo- nies of the east; nor was it intended that the convicts Bhould get the command of the labour-market, and drive the free settlers out of the country as fast as they are imported into It at the Government expense. A com munlty sharply dlvidod iuto free and bond, in which the bond have a large and in 1 cronsicg majority, and in which, from the discouragement of free emigration, the disproportion between the sexes was so enormous, could never have been contem- plated for such a purpose. A more searohlug inquiry into the nature of the country, and a little attention to the laws of political economy, which have asserted themselves in , this instance with singular clearness and dis- tinctness, might have enabled anyone to , fon seo these things. The facts stated by The Argus commissioner aro fully sufficient to , account for the phenomena he describe, and thus the two mutually tend to confirm each other, The information scorns to load to tho . conclusion that if Western Australia is to be retained as a penal colony it can only ha on the terms, that those who enter it shall never t be allowed to leave it, nnd that the idea of associating bond and free labour in such a , country must bo altogether given up. (FROM THE BXAMINEB.) The Melbourne Argus has been sending a . very able special correspondent to our one , cool lot settlement of Western Australia. He was evidently a fair minded man, who went v unfettered by instruction?, but took with him the natural colonial bias against colonia it ion fby expoii of convicta from the mother , country. - Nominally, Western Australia is a third -part of the whole Australian continent: practically, it is a small colony on or about ?the broad and shallow Swan River, with (Fremantle, at tho month of Swan River, for ita port, and Perth, ten miles up tho j-iver, tor its capital ; the population of either (town ibaing about 3,000. Another ten miles HP the civer is Guildford, with 700 inhabi- tants; and Bevon ty miles from the seaboard, .fceyond the Darling ranges, are (tie agricul- tural settlements of York and Toodyo. 0a the western coast ia the littlo viUago of Ban Jbury. The «ailing of mail steamers and >balera in King George's Sound has created on* the southern coast the small village of Aliboy J "id there are thinly scattered aerf. cultivai and pastoral settlements extondlng nearly' COO miles along the coast and 130mIteB back In to tbe ooiwtry, The/ are acattered, for want of good land, whioh is found only in patches, and then often is made unservice- able by poisonous plants, especially one called the York-toad scrub, which is the first plant to spring np after a bush fire,, and of whi<eh tbf« young greon shoots ara as attractive ¿S they are deadly to the sheep and cattle. On the York and Albany roiifs bullocks have to be driven in muzzles ; sheep are killed by this plant in a few houu, but horses are not much affected by it. Then there is a bait of sand twenty mlleä broad running along the western coast, and settlors must go threo times as far inland before they find good soil. The chief river of tho colony has but three or four feet of water on its bur; and the one harbour. King George's Sound, though a fine one, is com- pletely isolated- from the Swan settle- ments. There are copper mines at Champion Bay, which yielded last year £10,400 worth of ore : but there is no traffic of vessels to the colony, and those which carry the oro charge what freight they please-seven or even four- teen times more for carrying it to Adelaide or Melbourne than ia charged for its freight as convenient ballast from one of those places to England. The chief export of the colony is wool, which was exported in 1813 to the value of £57,600. Next in importance to this is sandalwood, on which hundreds of Bmall settlers who grow their provisions have relied for stores and. clothing. It is a common tree, like a small I apple tree rugged with age. and it ia cut down and rndely dressed for delivery to the store- keepers in town, who pay for it by the ton of about fourteen trees, not in cash, but in stores, at the rate of 8s. or 10J. a tree. The West Australian sandalwood is paler and less fragrant than that of Malabar and Timor. It was exported last year to the value of £24,600; but the markets of Singapore and China having been glutted with it, tho Swan River merchants havo for a time suspended parchases. There are aleo forests of a euca- lyptus with a tall straight stem, rising often to seventy feet before It branches ; and this yields the jarrah timber, or West Australian mahogany, which contains a powerful astrin- gent that is said to repel the white ant and the teredo. This should make it valuable in shipbuilding and for sleepers to the Indian railway lines ; but the difficulty of getting it to market lhas hitherto been so great that I the exports last year woro under a thousand pounds in value. . When all other British colonies replied to Eail Grey's inquiry that they would not re- ceive transported criminals, West Australia saw advantage to ItBelf In a bargain with tho Government, and said that it would take them. It received 162 in the year 1859, and up to the end of May this year it had reoalvod 7,781, the entire population of the coloay, con- victs included, Doing then 18,700 souls. The introduction of a population of consumers maintained by capital from England Boon raised the price of the farmer's sheep from 3s., with, perhaps, no buyers, to 20s., with a handy market. But, says The Argus' correspondent, when he has given such details as these, the advantago is not permanent. The convict on his arrival has a certain number of marks assigned to him, at the rate of three a day, until the date when, in the ordinary course of things, he would obtain his ticket-of-leave. These marks he must work off before he gets his ticket ; forfeiting for misbehaviour, getting three for average good conduct, four for exemplary conduct, and six if promoted, as Redpath was, to the office of constable or assistant warder. When the marks are worked off the convict may seek employment, but he must get work before he is released ; and the consequence is, that he takes work at any price, even 10s. a month, and undersells the free labourer, who has a wife and children to support. Moreover, as the liberated convicts multiply, they hold by their own order. When they become em- ployers they will engage none but ticketera ; and so, on the whole, tho labouring class in Wettern Australia that has not graduated in Her Majesty's gaols is being distressed and driven irom the colony. According to tho last published report of the registrar- general, between 1854 and 1800, only four settle« with capital came into the colony, which at its foundation, in 1829, tempted out gentle- men and ladies with carriages, blood hornes, and pianos. Unassisted immigration of the free industrial class has been entirely stopped, and even of the paupers and criminals sent out nt largo expense by Government only one-half remain m tbo colony. " The position of the colony," says tho Melbourne corre- spondent, " can be stated in a sentence. Having enjoyed the sweets of convict ex- penditure, it is now about tasting the bitters of convict competition." And, wo aro told, there is no fusion; the outnumbered free society is said to shrink into isolation, the convicts recovering no status in the colony, except that which they make for themselves among themselves. The lion's share of the Government expenditure comes into the hands of the Btorekceping class, which is the most influential in tho colony, and deal- ing by a profitable truck system with the scattered eettlers, gathers all the profit upon importsj and exports. With every attainable advantage, commerce in Western Australia only enables men to scrape together little fortunes of from five to fifteen thousand pounds ; but they would be much lesB without Government custom, and the in- fluential traders all wish the colony to romain a penal settlement. Nor are the other set- tlers actively opposed to the continuance of what is, in fact, a grant in aid to a colonv not well able to stand alone. They nearly all signed the petition for establishment of a sanatorium for Indian troops in the Swan settlement, this being understood as a pos- sible compensation for tho loss of the subsidy biought with them by the convicts. On the whole, the Melbourne correspondent does not find the desire of the sister colonleß to dam out the tide of conviot emigration actively shared by the West Australians, whom the matter most immediately concerns. But tho Eastern colonists declare themselves concerned in keeping out the overflow of escaped ticketers from the West, and talk of using stringent measures to that end. I AMERICAN POLITICS. I (FROM TUB TIMES.) The nomination of General M'Olollan has turned out a mistake for half the party that supported tho " Chicago platform," and the problem that now occupies the thousands whose anxiety is not to be on the right side, but on the strongest, is the calculation which will be the prevailing section. The division between the two parties is sharp and definite. The issue raised is poaco opposed to war. That tho position taken by tne Djmooratic party, when it acted na one interest, was in- definite and illogical, wo have more than once pointed out. But even with this de- fect, it was possible the necessities of the time might have forced both sections into a common line of policy as to tho war. It would be desirable to ascertain, through a convention of Btates, what is the real opinion of the hostilities entertained by the masses tho war is exterminating and Im- poverishing. What we have heard as yet is mostly the enthusiasm of those who profit by the conflict. The war interest has long re- presented itself as the national interest. A Convention called during an armistice might have thrown a light on several points well worth considering, instead of blindly fighting over them and forgetting them in the heat of the conflict. This, as we understood it, was the object of the Peace Democrats. In the vigour with which they denounced the mis- conduct of the war they were not exceoded by the other section of tbo party ; and it might well be anticipated that a largo body of the peoplo who believed the war was hopeless, as conducted, or hopeless in any case, might suc- ceed in arresting the conflagration. Bnt the weakness of the combination has shown itself at the first movement. General M'Clellan accepted the nomination, but in his letter of accoptanco íepudiatcd the peace section of his supporters, and knocked out several of the main "planks" of the party platform. He declares himself for the restora- tion of the Union " at all hazards," or at the possible cost of the miseries of another Presi- dential term of war. This was not the inten- tion of tho Peace Democrats, who were op Íiosed to the policy of the war itself. M'CIel an's declaration, therefore, has completely divided the party. Mr. Vallandigham, Mr. Wood) and their ' supporters declare that the general has not accepted their conditions, does not represent the sentiments of the Con- vention, and that they will not support his election. They havo not yet determined the coarse they propose to take, but at present the divi- sion of the great Democratic patty is likely to increase tho chancea of Mr. Linculu's suc- cess, nibo Republicans will hardly commit the Barns error. Tho prospects Of Fremont, are not spoken of as favourable. He is not dreaded as,a rival candidate ; but, could the Democracy,have held together, their opposi- tion would ihave been dangerous. Torn asunder and snïit into minor faction?, the popular iniluenoo of the party is incalculably damaged. Such divisions have generally pre- ceded defeat, and ¡fie present rapture will be considered a sign «f weakness. In former elections, the aiécoxery that a candidate waa not "available" has been made at an early stoße of the proceedings in the Oow vention. If he could not obtain votes enough ho was dropped for some one else to whom there were fever obj-ctionF. Several great names have thuB loBt the expected nomina- tion, and the choice has fallen on men im- measurably their inferiors. It scorns to te quire some explanation how the Peace Demo- crats could have nominated M'Clollan with- out previously ascertaining his opinions more precisely. The difference between him and his late tupporters is great enough to compel them to renounce him. But no compromise with the " opposite wing" of the party is now possible. M'Clellan is the " regular nomi- nee," and unless the disappointed section ÍB strong enough to reassemble the Convention, and obtain from it a reversal of the election, the paity must go into the field against the Republicans with two candidates. If the di- vision of the party is not equivalent to defeat, it is a step towards it. ROME AND FLORENCE. (FROM THE SATURDAY REVIEW.) It appears cerialn that, after BO many delays, after so many shifttngs backwards and forwards, the Emperor has determined to take a decisive step towards withdrawing the French troops from Romo. A Conven- tion is stated to have been actually signed between .him and the King of Italy. The Constitutionnel, whtoh Is Bald in Parts rto be not BO much a journal as a Pythoness, has delivered an oracular utterance, and its utter- ance happens to be perfectly intelligible. The terms of the agreement are made known. The Pope is to retain his present territory, and the Italian Government undertakes, not only not to invade if, but to oppose any force that may seek to invade it. It gives, in fact, a guarantee against the action of the Re- volutionary party in Italy, and it pledges itself that, even if Garibaldi is at the head of the invading forces, there shall be another As promonte. Further, Italy engages to become responsible for a portion of the debt of the Papal States, answering to the value of the Papal territory which has fallen into her hands. The Pope is to be allowed to raise as largo an army as he pleases, and devout Frenchmen are to be permitted-like the rest of the faithful-toruBh to the defence of the head of their religion. Lastly, the Italian Government undertakes to fix the capital of united Italy at Florence, and thus to abandon in principle that selection of Rome as the only possible capital which 'Cavour brought his countrymen to accept as a political axiom. There can be no doubt that -this is a compro- mise which hard necessity has gradually in- duced the Italians to listen to. It is very different from the programme held out a year or two ago. Then the Kalian Parliament was tomeetunder theBhadow of the Capitol, tho reign of priests was to be over, and the Pope was to wander in his luxurious gardens, sur- veying with a gentle aud wondoiing patience the ruins, not only of Imperial, but of Pontifical Rome. It was supposed that the Pope would bo, in the Vatican, vory much what the Archbishop of Canterbury is at Lambeth. The English Frimato has a fine old house, and a good library, and Bhady, an tiquo gardens ; he is honoured by his ser- vants and the clergy ; ho is welcomed in the palace of his Sovereign ; he heads the procla- mations of religious societies ; but if he wants to know where real power lies, he must look across the river to the gilded towers of the Houses of Parliament. This was the dream of Italian patriots, perhaps of Cavour, pos- sibly even of the Emperor himself. But Catholicism has been too strong for the ac- complishment of such a scheme. The great world of the Roman faith will not tolerate that its head should sink into the posi- tion of the Archbishop of Canterbury. " It insists that the Pope shall not bo merely a spiritual chief, hut Bhall have a visible and temporal ¡sovereignty. And, for the moment at least, the Catholics have triumphed, and the issue is to be fairly tried whether the Pope can obtain, for luvo or monoy, a force suffi- cient to keep down his discontented sub- jects. SPIEIT OF THE ENGLISH TURF. The arrival of the English mail with spotting news to the 2Clh September, enables ÜB this week to givo the results ot the prin- cipal events of the great Doncaster meeting, as follows : TUESDAY, SEPT. 13. THE OHAMÍAONE STAKES, Of 60 sovs each, h. ft., for two-year-olds; colts, 8st. 101b., fillies 8st. 81b. ; the second saved her stake ; Red House in ; 46 sub3. Mr. J.IMorry's bl o Zambezi, by Sauntoror,8st.l01b. (II. Covoy) .'.. _. ,1 Hr. II. Sutton's br f Gardovisure, 8st.¡81b. (Thomas) 2 Mr. T. Valontlno's b f Reginella, 8st. 81b. (T. Fronch) 8 Count Batthyany's oh o Puritan, Sat. 101b. (Cus tonco) Mr. lilicoo'a cb. c Barbarossa, 8st lOib. (Fordham) Sir Joseph Hawlcy's b c Bedminster, 8st. 101b. (Wells) Count F. do Lagrnngo's b c Doge, Sat. 101b. (Ed v> ords) Mr. R. 0. Naylor's eli Í Blondina, 8st Sib. (Chalonor). Mr. W. Robinson's b o by Hobbio Noblo - Yarra Yarra, 8st. 101b. (OBborno). Mr. H. Savilo's b ollaarlom, 8Bt. XOlb. (Aldoroft). Betting.-C to 4 agst Gardevlsuro, 4 to 1 agst Bedminster, ö to 1 agst Puritan, 100 to 7 agst Zambesi, 16 to 1 agst Haarlem, and 100 to 6 ag6t Reginella. Beginella, with the Hobble Noble colt, GardeviBure, Zambezi, and Puritan lying up, got away in advance, and ran in company to the turn into the straight, where Zambezi and the favourite drew away, and ran a fine race home. Zambezi, who ran tho longest, won cleverly at last by a neck. Reginella was an indifferent third ; Bedminster fourth ; Puritan fifth : and then came Barbarossa and Haarlem, with Mr. Robinson's colt bringing up the rear. ?WEDNESDAY, SEM. 14. THE ST. MOER STAKES, Of 25 Bovs. each. For three-year-old colts, 83t. 101b. ; fillies, 8st. 51b, ; the second horse re- ceived 100 sovs. Im. ßf. 132yd. 217 Bubs. Mr. W. I'Anson's eli 0 Blair Athol, by Stockwell, (Snowdon) . 1 lord Glnsgow's b 0 General Peel, by Y. Molbourno Lord Stamford's eli c Cambuscin, by NowrnuiBtor (Eduards) .S Mr. Lnundo's cb 0 Hiller, by Entapian (Osborne) i Duko of Beaufort's bl e Black Rock (Fordham). Mr. Boivcs's b e Claremont (J. Goatcr). Mr. Bowos's eli c Baragali (Ashmall). Mr. W. S. Cartwrights b 0 Ely (Ciutanco). Mr. J. Johnstone'» b c Knight of Snowdon (Aldoroft). Duko of St. Albans' cb c Brindisl (F. Adams). Betting.-2 to 1 agat Blair Athol, 11 to 4 agst General Peel, 0 to 1 agst Miner, 7 to 1 ogst Baragah, 100 to 0 agst Oambuecan, 25'to 1 each agst Ely and Claremont, 30 to 1 aget Knight of Snowdon, and 50 to 1 each agst Slack Bock and Brlndisi. Within a few minutes of the appointed time (a quarter to three) the competitors reached the post, and after one failure, in which Ely, CambuscaD, Miner, and Knight of Snowdon broke away, they were detpatcbed; in a soaking shower, which speedily destroyed the identity of the colours, and rendered it all but impossible to discern, through the mist, the relative posi- tion of the hones ; but as nearly as we could make out, with the assistance of information afforded by the principal jockeys, General Feel, on the inside got away with a slight lead of Ely, in whose reor were Baragali, Knight of Snowdon, and the favourite ; o short distance separated these from Brindis!, who. with Claremont and Minor at his girths, headed the ruck, which was whipped in by Block Bock and Oambuscan. After proceed- ing about 200 yards General Peel was ju diciously pulled back, and Ely left iu posses- sion of the lead. On rising the hill Miner, who had run through his horses, became second. Baragali being third, with General Peel, Knight of Snowdon, Blair Athol,- and Black Bock lying up. On their reappearance, Osborne, who found the pace indifferent, headid Ely, and assumed the command as they neared the post. As they came along the wood sido they were joined by Baragah and General Peel, and at tbo same time Claremont, Black Bock, and Oatnbuscan improved their positions ; and on reaching the Bed House the last-named three were close in the wake of tho leaders. The lot ran in close company round the bend, but on fairly entering the straight, Baragah and Blaok Bock gave way, and in a few strides farther they were followed by Claremont. The issue became truly exciting as they approached the distance, where Miner WBB observed to falter, and was immediately afterwards headed by the General (next tho rails), who appeared to have tho best of It; but before the cries of "lbeGeneral wins" had died away, he was joined by CambuEcan and Blair Athol. Tho latter, who had been disappointed in getting through, had to como up on the outside, and thereby lost some ground; but Snowden waited with great patience to the enclosure, then called upon the favourite, who had both bia horses Baie at tho stand, and won amid the mast vociferous cheering by a couple of lengths. General Peel obtained the second money by a head from Cambuscan, who fiulfhcd lour lengths in advance of Miner. Ely was fifth, Barngah sixth, Brlndisi seventh, ! and Knight of Snowdon next. Block Rock and Claremont were the last two. FltlDAY, SErr. 10. THE nONCASTEIt STAKES, OflOsovs. each, with 100 added, for three ytar-olds; colts 8st. 101b" fillies 8at. 61b.: the Becorid received 50 BOYS,; last mile and a half ; 87 subs. Mr, W. S. Cnrtwrlght's b c Ely, by Kingston (Cuktanco) .1 Mr. W. Huas n'sch cCoait Guard (Clialonor) ., 2 Mr. J. Scott's eli f Tooi-Tool (Fordham) .. ., 8 Mr. Alexander's b o Poon (WOIIB). Sir J. Bawloj's eli c Waslili gtou (Edwards). Mr. Pedioy'scli c Brlnlisl (P. Adams). Mr. March's bl or br c Narbonno (Hlnbord) Mr. Savilo's cb f Columbino (Aldcroft) Mr. Savilo's br c Alabima (Morgan) Lord Uxbrldgo's Durham (J. Goater) Betting : 6 to i on Ely, and 6 to 1 agat Peon. Tooi-Tooi made running at a strong pace to the Bed House, where Ely took a clear lead, followed next the rails by Mr. Scott's filly and CoaBt Guard, to which three the race was re- duced as they entered the straight. At tho distance the favourite increased his lead and -finally won, without an effort, by eight lengths. Coast Guard passiiig¡Tooi-Tool in the last stride, secured the second money by three quarters of o length, and Peon trotted in fourth ; BriudiBi was fifth, Nnrbonne sixth, and Columbino next, the last three being Alabama, Washington, and Durham. Coast Guard pulled up lame. THE DONCASTER OUr, Value 300 sovs., for three-year olds and up- wards ; weight for age, with certain penal- ties and allowances ; about two miles five furlongs. Lord Glasgow's b c General Pool, by Y. Molbourno, 8 yrs, 7st. 31b., Ino. 31b. extra (II. Covey) .. 1 Baron Rothschild's Hippolyte., 8 yrs, Oat. lllb. (J. Grimshaw) .2 Mr. Laundo's eli c Miner, 3 yrs, 7st. (Wlilteloy) .. 3 Lord Glasgow's r c llapld Rhone, 4 yrs, 8st. Sib., car. Sat. 01b. (Aldcroft) .4 Betting.-5 to 4 agst General Peel, 5 to 2 agst Hippolyta, and 100 to 30 agst Miner, llliner made the running, followed in Indian file by Hippolyta, Bapid Bhone, and General Peel, the pace Mug wretched until thoy reached the foot of the hill, where it mended. At the Bed House the favourite headed his stable companion, and carno on in waiting upon the leaders ; when within the distance Miner gave way beaten, and Hippolyta went on with the runniDg, but as they neared the inolosnre, Covey brought up the General, who had his adversary beaten in a few Istrides, and won with great ease by a head. Miner cantered in a bad third. The Field states that Blair Athol, the St. Leger winner, met with an accident in the race that might have been fatal to his chance. He received asevero blow on the knee during tho running, where or who from it is difficult to say. Tho leg is much swollen, and his scratching for the Cup and Doncaster Stakes was immediately rendered necessary. It appears that the St. leger day opened with passing showers, and was occasionally enlivened with a few glimpses of sunshine; but as the morning grew on, the sky gradually assumed a leaden aspect, the certain fore- runner of rain, and visitors who had flocked in thousands from the manufacturing dis- tricts had hut a sorry prospect before them. Up to tho time fixed for starting, tho rain that fell was only of a moderate natnre, but at the timo the St. Leger horseB were brought out, a storm, arose of euch intense violence that the occupants of the stands were almost washed off them, and at the same time the rain was of that blinding nature as to prevent any one for more than a moment seeing either horscsor rider«. Wheo discerned, however, and criticised, it was generally admitted that rarely, if ever, so many good- looking horses were seen to- gether in so limited a field. General Peel was trained to perfection, and walked as quiet as a sheep to the post, the only objection taken to him bein« that he was a trifle too long in tho waist and a little Black in his loins, which was against his getting home. Baragah was much ad- mired, the improvement mado in him since Wolverharnpton being most striking. Cam buscan was quite a different horse to what he showed at Epsom, and did immense crodit to Smith's preparation. Ho was also muoh sorved hy the training-ground at Enville, which enabled bim to do much more work than he could have borne at New- market. Ely was as handsome as ever, and Miner presented a strange contrast to him being as rough and coarse an animal as the other was bloodlike and fashionable. Blair Athol was almost the last to BUOW, and it is only fair to state that his appearance created a general burst of admiration, as, full of life I and vigour, he bounded like an antelope be- fore the stand. It was at once admitted, even by those who were most prejudiced against him, that ho was at least ten pounds better than when ho ran at York, and ho prepos- sessed everyone In his favour. The St. Leger waa a remarkably slow race, owing to the inability of the jockeys and horses to face the pitiless storm ; Blair Athol, who at one momen,t had been shut in, got round his horses and galloped in an easy winner by a brace of lengths, provins; himself to be a better horse than Surplice or Voltigeur, and quite on a par with the Flying Dutchman and West Australian. It will bo recollected Surplice only got through by a neck, and Voltigeur, after a dead heat, by half a length. Thus the vexala qtneatio has at last been settled, tho running for the Derby proved to be right. The Field thus pleasantly comments upan the appearanco in the ring at Doncaster of an elderly person " got up" as if he wished to ap- pear as the "double" of "Honest John:'' "Much amusement was created in the ring on the Leger Day by the appearance of an old gentleman, tho very ditto in ovcry re3peot©f the late John Day. So startling was the re cemblance in personal appearance and dress, that the old gentleman was looked upon not without a feeling of awe; and as, like tho ghastly baron of old, ' he spoke to nobody and nobody spoke to him,' it was whispered that it was really 'old John' permitted to come from HadeB to see Blair Athol win. One wag declared that he had heard the old gentleman mutter ' Gully' once or twice, but beyond that his lips wero sealed. No one knew who he was, but we are credibly in- formed he disappeared immediately after the race was run. We did not see him ourselveB, but we are assured that the resemblance was Btartling in the extreme. We fear, if it was the old gentleman, that ho must havo.been very much disgusted with the weather, and have found hie revisit to ' the glimpses of the moon' an unsatisfactory one." LITERARY ITEMS. Messrs. Sampson Low and Oo. will publish shortly " The Times' Bee-waster, his Bees and Beehives," a manual for all who keep, or wish to keep, bees, with illustrations. The author is Dr. Cumming. A NEW COMET. - Professor Donati, the astronomer, at Florence, announces the dis- covery of a new comet, the third this year, in the constellation of Leo Minor. It is ap- proaching tho east. The first volume of the Emperor Napoleon's long-expected " Life of Crcsar" is announced Sositively to appear in November or Décern- er nest. The second volume will appear a month or six weeks after the first, and the concluding volumes will then appear at short intervals. " A. K. H. B," the popular author of " Re- creations of a Country PaiBon," &c;, is an Edinburgh man now. Ho is clergyman of St. Bernard's parish, and has a laige and attached congregation. At the graduation meeting of the University last month, he was considered worthy of having the degree of Doctor of Divinity conferred upon him. Mr. Spnrgton's recent "Sermon on Baptis- mal Regeneration" has produced a stout bundle of tiacts ia leply. Up to the present moment we have counted Blx- and-twenty of these brodmrcs, varying in price from Id. to Is., although the former appears to bo the favourite price, with an evident view to wide cumulation.-London Review. A gentleman in Paris writes that " the heirs of Sylvio Pellloi have brought a suit against thebeirs of theMarchionessdoBarolo (in whoso mansion Pellicopassed ilio last twenty years of hislife) to recover bid manuscripts, that thoy may publish them. It id be ¡io ved these manu- scripts contain a completo autobiography of Pellico, several Eacrcd dramas and tragedies, and the whole correspondence and several unpublished poems of Ugo Foseólo." TENNYSON'S , NEW POEM, - The second edition-or impression, BE the publisher terms it-of Enoch Arden has just been Subscribed, The numbera called for on this second occa- sion by the trade will not be far short of 16,000 conies. Messrs. Simpkin and Co. take 1.600: Hamilton and Co., 1.800; Longman, 800; Mr. Mudie, 200; the Library Company 100; Mtssrs. W. H. Smith and Son, 1,000; and many of the London booksellers, 100 copies each. These figures will gire to budding poets some idea of the pounds, shillings, ana pence value of that poesy which has received the mint-mark of public approbation. This second impression was ready for delivery on the 10th inst.-London Review. Of 31. Honan a letter informs ns that his VU de Jems bos brought him the sum of £4,000, and tho golden harvest is still far from garnered. "His pen can transmute ink and paper into gold whenever he pleases ; he has several works which daily find pur- chasers ; and ho is a member of the Academy of Inscriptions and Belles Lettres, which place brings him enough to pay house- rent." It is understood that he ha; m the press a work on his quarrel with the French Govern- ment, entitled My Situation. He is also busily employed, not only in writing the " Life of St. Paul," as was announced Borne time ago, but aleo the ' Life of the Virgin Mary." Readers of newspapers in the north will have been somewhat startled on reading a paragraph very similar to the follow- ing, which has been going the round of the Manchester and Scotch journals : "It is rumoured in certain quarters that no It sa a lady than Her Majesty the Queen is the authoress of Margaret Denzil, in the Corn- hill, and that the copy has been actually seen in the handwriting of Mr. Arthur Helps, with occasional touches from the Royal finger. The same story has been attributed, and that in well-informed circles, to Mr. Wilkie Collins and Miss Thackeray." How amusing all this must have been to Mr. Charles Allston Colline, tho actual author! The novel will ho completed in October, when it will pro- bably reappear in the three volumes or library foim.-London Review. The Birmingham Musical Festival has proved a remarkable financial success. Tho receipts ore about £1,000 In excess of those at the festival of 1861, which produced £11,458. There will bo a large surplus for the funds of the General Hospital of tne to*n. The great feature of tho festival was the performance of Costa's "Naaman." There was an immense audience, whoso enthusiasm was unbounded. At the close of the oratorio, the Town hall literally rang with acclamations for several minutes. " There can be no doubt," eaya one critic, " that ' Naaman' evinces, if not a higher genius than 'Eli,' a greater maturity of artistic skill and judgement, the fruit of nine years' aident and energetic study of his art. ' Naaman' will give its author a right to a place among the foremost musicians of the age. In tho production of this work, M. Costa has had the assistance of his prevloua collaborateur, Mr. Bartholomew, the friend and associate of Mendelssohn ia the prepara- tion of some of his greatest works, 'Elijah' especially," French Ingenuity has juBt devised a means of producing a newspaper which is to be dis- tributed gratis, to contain no advertisements, and yet which is to glvo a profit to its pro- prietor. The prospectus of the Journal des Abonnes appears iii Figaro, but is by no means a joke. The periodical is to appear twicoa month, and to contrat of thirty-two quarto pages. It is to contain a ParUian chronicle, reviews of books, articles on the fashions for the ladies, woiks of fiction, travels, &c; ; also, caricatures, autographs, and occasionally music. Thopaper is to be white, the printgood, and itis to be die tributed gratis-to all persons, itB projector adds, " who commission me to subscribe in their name to a daily paper, to one of the principal French Reviews, or to a weekly illustrated paper." While that sub- scription lasts, the subscriber will receive the Journal des Abonnes, whose proprietor's prout is to consist of the trade allowance made to him by the papers to which he is commis- sioned to subscribe. M. de Villomcasant, the director of the Figaro and of one or two other journals, announces the appearance of the first number of the new paper for the 1st of October, He reckons on an enormous number of subscribers on the terms ho pro- poses, but even then ho would not see his way to a profit if he did not expect the cus- tom of n great many persons who take In several papers. The speculation seems a hazardous one, but he counts confidently on its proving remunerativo. Recently the incomes of literary men have become a matter of discussion in the Paris journals. Of M. Louis Ulbach, a correspon- dent Bays that " he haB engaged to furnish a publisher three novels a year, for which the publisher agrees to allow him 1,200/". a month, for five years' copy light of these novels, or £600 per annum. He receives, as dramatic ciiiic of Le Temps, Eomewhat more than £1,000 per annum, and for his correspondence to L'Indépendance Belge, iu which a letter from his pen appears every three weeks, he is paid yearly the sam of £800. Add to theso a play, which he produces every year, and for which he receives about £260." This income, howevor, the correspondent assures us, is as nothing compared to the revenue of succissful dramatists, who moke their £8,000 and £10,000 per annum. Formorly French authors were most wretchedly paid for their books. Their most lucrative patrons were the press and the theatre. It is said that M. do Lamar- tine only received £60 from Didot for his " Meditations." His " Song of Harold's Pil- grimage" realized about £800, but now his in- come is some thousands per annum from the French publishers. M. Thiers received £20,000 for his famous " History of tha Consulate and Empire;" Victor Hugo accepted the same sum from the Brussels publishers for his "Les Miserable?," whilst Miohelet will only pnbllsh with tho Messrs. Hachette on commission, preferring to keep the copyrights in his own bands, as is the custom with many of our English authors. It 1B believed that M. Michelet is the only literary celebrity in Paris who adopts this course, although It was fol- lowed by Balzac, who united in his person author, printer, and publisher, and, as might have been expected, finished his affairs in bankruptcy. Many paragraphs have recently been going the round of the newspapers confuting or affirming the statement originally made in the Wettern Morning News, that Poe was not the author but simply the translator from the Persian of the celebrated poem of "The Raven." Wo believe that evidences of a vory convincing character will Bhortly arrive from the United States proving that poor Edgar Poe wrote every line of the poem in question. It is acknowledged by the poet's friends that he was smitten with the wild and strange beauty of some of the old Eastern poems, and that he was never tired of perusing them ; but he most certainly novel' copied what he bad thus road. His imagi- nation was too fertile to render this at all necessary. The only difficulty with him was the effort, opparently, of fixing his attention for a short time upon a definite task or labour. A morning paper now publishes a fantastic poem, "The Firo Fiend, a Night- mare," written by the poet whilst ex- perimenting towards the production of his more lamons "Raven." The poem ex- tends to ten verses of six lines each, and has something of the metre and weird thought observable in the disputed production. It is said that Pee considered "The Fire Fiend" incomplete, and that ho threw it asido in disgust. Mr. M'Cready, who forwards the poem, adds further, that the poot, some months afterwards, finding it amongst his papers, Bent it in a letter to a friend, labelled fncfctiously, " To be read by firelight at midnight, after thirty drops of laudanum." Poe'a mother-in-law assured a friend respect- ing " The Raven" that he had the idea in his mind for some years, and used frequently to repeat verses of it to her, and ask hor opinion of them, frequently making alterations and improvements, according to the mood he chanced to be in at the time. - London Review. - MISCELLANY. MYSTERIOUS OCCURRENCE.-The Scotsman reports that a very mysterious ocourrenco took place at 156 Bose-street, Edinburgh. In the second story of the houso there has lived for several years a man, about sixty years of age, named Lindsay, a shoe- maker, who has occupied a house, con- sisting of a room, a kitchen, and a bed-closet. Lindsay is a married man, without family; hut owing to some disagreement between him and his wife, he has for some time past lived separate from her. His habits seem to have been somewhat eccentric, from the fact that he lived entirely hy himself, in lonely seclusion, He kept no servant, but cooked his own victual?, and performed, without as- sistance, tho domestic duties of his small household. His secluded and irregular mode of living was not the result of poverty. He was a man of means, and purchased three Etorles of the tenements in which he resided, and was regarded by tho neighbourhood as occupying a thriving worldly position. Bs cently he had r.ot been in tho habit of working regularly at his trade, but when be did so, he laboured ia his own house. A young man, aged twenty-five years, named George Dowdle, an ivory turner, who is a distant nlation of Lindsay, airived ia Edinburgh, and took up his abode with the old man in Rose-street. Dowdle, it appears, has only recently returned from Australia. On Tuesday thoy went out, and returned about half-past eleven at night. At this hour Dowdle knocked at the door of one of his neigh- bour?, and requested bis assistance to convey the old man upstairs, as he was the worse for liquor, and had stumbled on the stair. The neighbour refused, statlrg, in a careless way, that Lindsay had often been in that condi- tion before, and would easily manage to go up to his bed if left to himself. Nothing more occurred till about a quarter past twelve, when the neighbours were alarmed by hear- ing a loud noise proceeding from Lindsay's bedroom, as of men engaged in a vlolont struggle. This lasted long enough to rouse several from Bleep, and just as some were on the point of demanding admittance to tho house the window of the shoomaker's house was suddenly thrown up, and Lindsay appeared in his night-clothes. His neck was streaming with blood, and he was heard making vaia attempts at articulation. By this time the police had been attracted to the spot, and were on tholr way upBtairs, when Dowdle ran down and told them that the old man, his relative, had cut his throat, On entering the place, Lindsay was found lying on the sofa, with a deep gash across his throat; a pillow, saturated with blood, was lying in the middle of .the room, and a razor with a white- handle, also displaying marks of blood, was found not far off. The old man was unable to speak ; but, in reply to questions put to him, he wrote down answers on asiate. The substance of his communication was to the effect that on entering his house that night, along with his relative, he had gone immediately to bad, and had been awakened by feeling a razor drawn across his throat by Dowdle. Spring- ing from his bed, he seized Dowdle, and the struggle commenced which was heard by those In the adjacent houses. Dowdle's ver- sion of tho|story is, that the old man had been in a desponding erato of mind for tho last three days, and had threatened to make away with himself; and that after shaving him- self the previous day, he had put the razor in his pocket, carried it about with him, and on entering the house ou Tuesday night had cut his throat with it. Medical assist- ance was promptly procured, and Lind- say's wound dressed ; and'up till.lato on Wed- nesday night he was going on favourably, although in a precarious condition. It is rumoured among the neighbours that Lind- say kept a considerable amount of money, hank cheques, &c;, in his house ; and it ia also said that, when taken to the police office, about sixty sovereigns were found on the person of Dowdle, who carried thtm in a belt strapped round his waist. Dowdle was brought before the police-court, and remitted to the Procurator-Fiscal, who is at present engaged making investigations into the mat- ter. Miss EDITH STUART AND MB. E. PRICE AT LIVERFOOL.-These Birmingham favourites commenced an engagement at the Prince of .Wales Theatre, Liverpool, recently. The play was " Ilamlet," in which Mr. H. N. Warner, a young Australian tragedian, mado a successful debut. The Liverpool Daily Post, in noticing the performance, thus (peaks of Miss Stuart and Mr. Price :-"MIBS Edith Stuart is that rather rare specimen of beauty, a piquante blonde. She possesses a countenance of remark- able ezpressiveness, and can light it up or sadden it with delightful rapidity. Ia the sane scenes she evinced the possession of excellent elocutionary discretion ; but it was in the mad scenes that she was most success- ful. Without the least appearance of acting. Miss Edith Stuart threw into her countenance the painful playfulness of mental derange- ment, and while, every now and then, her face was palled, as It wore, by the grief which had dethroned Ophelia's reason, each line of the text was naturally and with facility accompanied with the most delicious ehadingsofexpression. The whole performance was a delightful illustration of Shakspcare's meaning when he makes the eight of the dis- traught Ophelia the principal stimulus of Laertes'revenge; and when the description of her death-perhaps the finest poetic fancy in any language-came to be recited by the Queen, the ideal created in the mind by Miss Stuart's sparkling performance of these scenes gave to the sketch a life and reality such as even its unsurpassed language does not always ensure. Mr. Prieo, specially engaged for the Ghost, was very good, though some- what too rhetorical." THE OnAMPioNsnir or TUB TYNE.-Extra- ordinary excitement was causad in New- castle by the great skiff match between Chambers and Cooper, for £200 a side and the championship of tbo Tyne. Chambers is well known in all boating circles of the kingdom as the champion of the Tyne, hav- ing won innumerable matches with all kinds of rowers, and he was considered invincible until a short time ago, when Cooper, another well-known Tyne rower, contended for the honour of being champion of his native liver with him. Last year there was a grand regatta on the Tyne at the time the British Association met in Newcastle, and Cooper, Chambers, and Kelley, of London, pulled in a race for a silver cup. Cooper came in first ; bat though the umpire seems to have decided in the first-named man's favour, the committee of the regatta did not recognize his right to decide, and de- termined that the race should bo pulled over again, ns there had been a foul. Cooper re- fused ; but Chambers and' Kelley contested again, and Chambers won. Cooper and his backers then went to law with the com- mittee of the regatta for the recovery of the value of the prize, which had been given to Chambers, and the subject having been referred by the Court of Queen's Bench to Mr. Thomas Hughes, that gentle- man decided in favour of Cooper, and cast the committee in something like £400 ex nenscB. The men have been training during several months for this match, and so equal were they in merit that the betting down to thiB morning bas boon even, but to-day the edds havo been rather in favour of Chambers. 1 he course was from the High Level to Scots wood-bridge, the distance about four miles. The two boats started shortly after six o'clock, an immense multitude of people being aisembled to witness the race. The river was like a sea, so strong was the gale. Several "fouls" occurred, and ultimately Chamber's boat filled with water. Cooper continued to row for the entire distance; but the officials have decided that there was no race, and that consequently the beta are off. TRIAI TRIP or A NEW STEAMER,-The London, iron screw steamship, of 1,700 tons hnrthen, the first of a now commercial steam fleet owned and building by Money Wigram and Sons, of Blackwall-yard, made a trial trip from Tilbury to the Nore lightship and baok, conveying a party of nearly 200 ladies and gentlemen, among whom were Sir Henry Young, late Governor of Tasmania, and Lady Young, with many well-known Ehippers from the port of London. This ship was launched about six weeks ago, since which her masts and spars have been supplied and her machinery fitted by Messrs. Humphreys and Tennant, of Deptford. The London is a fully-rigged clipper ship, her engines not exceeding 200-horse power, and being in- tended rather as an auxiliary, to aid the ship when becalmed or delayed by adverse winds, tban as a solely reliable motive power. Although not in good sailing trim on Thurs- day, upon the top of a flood tide she attained a speed of more than eleven knots, with a singular freedom from vibration which de- lighted all on board. Asa proof of the con- fidence felt by the public in Wigram's ships, although the London does not sail until the 20th of October, nil her first-class cabins are already engaged, besides having a full com- plement of Becond-class passengers. At the same moment the London left her moorings, the Suffolk, belonging to Messrs. Wigram, homeward bound from Melbourne, having made thopassage in soveuty-eight days, passed Gravesend, on her way to the East India Docta ; and the True Briton, ooe of tho same fleet, sailed down tho river for Melbourne, dropping her flag as she passed the London. Captain MartiD, who commands iheLondon, is confident of making the voyago to Mel- bourne, horn port to port, ia sixty days. 