IHB OKU ENftUSn EKBVBI (FnoM #011 8PR0IAL OORRESroNDlUtT.) ? Tho last mitck played in' New Zealand was betweom tho Eleven and Twenty-two of Ots(ro, and was commenced on Tuesday, the 16th Fob., Iho Eleven boinp; the first to appear At the wiokets, Grace and Tarrant again showing to the foro. From tho first, it was ovident that the Eleven determined to Ret a long icorc as a sort of crowning victory to thoso they had already oUained, and the hitting was at oncecommcnced, and rur.s quickly got, when Grace failed to stop ono from SI acdonald after soaring 10. and resigned n favour of CaflVn. who. with Tarrant, seemed likely to stay in1 for tha remainder of tho day,— tho furmor ploying very otrefully, and tho lattor hitting in a free and brilliant mannor; but at long h be gave a clmnoo.to Roes pS Wills, whioh sealed his fate. Bis 2G included two 4's, two 3's, and thrco 2's. Heyward succeeded him, and played in his usual masterly minner, tbo score noreasing liipiilly until Caflyn'B career waa brought to a close by Fox (o BUb.\ '»ho caught hi-n off Uedfern afier making th 1 highest ncoro in any of tho Now Zealand matches — viz., 43, iu whioh were a 4. three 3's, three °2'a and twenty four tingles, — which Is a proof of the steadiness with whioh' he played. Carpenter, of course, joined Hayyrar.1, and1 tho aiickctlng 'Siamese twins'' gavo the spectators a tasto of what they cn'y can do in scientific batting. It wbb but a taste, however, for Boon after Hayword was ought by Morris off Moodonald, with 40 to his name — viz., one 4, two 3'ts, five 2'a, and twenty single). ' Carpenter' shortly fallowed, a bill from tho same bowler dismissing him for 11. Anderson and Lockyor wero both bowlod by Redfsrn for 0, and Carnr and Clarke, were together. After Bomo lively play, during whioh the scorers. wero not idle, Clarke was caught by Hope, the iongston, for 10, and the stumps wero drawn for the iiight. ? On resuming play tha next morning, Camr wai joinod hy Tiniey, and opened tho proceedings by two fine leg hits, which tcored 3 each. Cairns was merciful to linloy, and gave mm a lile, which kindness w»b bo appreciated by 'Chris,' that he favoured the spectators with ono of the best displays of battiDg he has yet made, a Bevero blow on thehackef thobead from «ncof Kedfern's fnntcnt appearing to hav«-a-very. enlivening olTecb upon him, and cmaiDj: him to punhh the bowlinp:' considerably. On lotlog his partnor, Orosar (who scored 21, inoluding two 3's ond fivo 2'b), ho was joined by Jackson, and more runs were got than ought to have botn, tho fielding bcinc 'cry loose, nod several catcbe* missed. At lsngth Tiuley was bowled by Maodonnld for 14, nnd JackBon carrieJ out his bat for 10; the total, including sundrlds, belog 108. After tho conclusion of. tho innings, a grand procession was formed on the frrannd, to assist in laying tbo foundation-stone of the Exhibition Building About to be ereclod in Dunedln, and a moat formidable and exoolleutly arranged pro cession it was, numbaring eome 2000 people, with their insignia, oto. ; but as it has nothing to do with ciicket, I must refer your roaders to the local papers for full particulars. After tho con course had formed and marched off tho ground, tho Twenty-two tent Fullon and Winter to the wioketa, tn tho bowling of Tiniey atd Jackson. Fulton icored 2 oil Tiniey, and then fell before Jackson. Fleming and Morris, his successors, made 1 each, nnd Jacomb joined Winter, who had been plajing with Rrcat judgmont, and the two made a stand for a short time, when Tiniey proved toa much for Winter, who by careful and plucky play had fenred 21. Re.cn was the noxt, and commenced well, but was soon another vic tim to tho insatiable Tinloy, the colt, in the mean time going along stcadilf, until he Bkied one to long field, whioh, mirdhile dicta, was missed by Hayward. jiradshaw, Rbdforn, and Macdonald made 2 between them, and the colt at last suc cumbed to Jtckson. Hope and Turten wore tho only two who made anything like a stand, tho forinor.scoring 0, and the lattor 25, in most excel lent stylo. ' In fact, it was a subject of great wonder, why the latter was not choson to play in tho flat match, 03 tlis manner in which he ' shaped? leaves no douM that he is one of tho best Otagonian bata, and should have been played boy. nd a doubt. At the fall of tho twentieth wicket, 93 runs wero (cored, and- as his Honour tho Superintendent of the Provinco (Mr. Harris), who was' to have played, was absent, laying tlio foundatlon-stono bo'ore alluded to, it was decided not to send any one in his plnce, and the Innings therefore cjosr d, leaving the Twenty-two of Otngo 100 runs behind, and all tho next day to wipo them off. -....- On tho next dny, accordingly, the Twenty-two,! under the ro^ia of H'S Honour, again aa'aumetv tho defence of the citadel, nnd again the redonbt ah'e3, Jnc'.iiion and Tiniey, opened firo with suoh effect, and kept up such a tremendous cannonade, that the belongurcd surrendered nt discretion boforofiye o'clook, with, a total of 49! What description of the play is necessary? How osn it be described better thin n porunal oi tho hare »2ore, by which it will ba seen that three old Victorian playora got more than half the runs, Willa's 21) being mnde in his old form, and with that liveliness which usod bo po'culiarly to dis tinguish him. iu Vlc'orin. There was a sort of impression prevailing that the howUra would give tho Superintendent 'one or two to hit,' but it was a mistake, as Jackann'a second finished him. The gnmc was thus won in one innings by tfls .Eleven with 61 runs to spare, a worthy consummation to the trip. . ? OLD ENGLAND ELEVEN. Grace, b Mdcdonald ,.,,, ? ............. 10 Tcrrant, c Kccj, 6 Wills ? 2« Caflyn.c Fox. b Uedfern ? ., ? 13 Hayward, 0 MoitIj, Ii JtacJonald. .„'......;.... 40 Carpenter, b Macdonald ? ....... . 11 Anilemon, b Itcjfera ? 0 liookyer, b Rcdftrn ? 0 Cli^ke, 0 nope, h Wills ? ;.....? ? 9 Julius Crcsar, b Redfrrn ? ;...;.... ? al Tiniey, b MADonald ? -.....;.?. 11 Jackson, not out ? .'.....'.....' ........... ill I!ycs3. lcgbyes3,vrldeBti .,....:;........ 13 Total ? .i.'.J !.....-....... 1S8 TWENTY-TWO OF OTAQO. : First Innings. ? ; '','? .;- r ' Fulton, b Jaokscn .:.... ...... ....i. ......... ;',.'? a Winter, bTinlcy ;.; ? ...I.. 4. ............ 21 Fleming, 0 Jaokjon. b Tiniey.. ''. ................ 1 Morrls.cTinl y, b Jackson.. ...... .-.... ........ 1 Jacomli, b Jackson;. ......,'... ........ .......... 11 Roes, bTin'ey ..;.,: ? .?.,,.;....,. .jj.j.j, '„„? 6 Bradshaw, 0 Caflvn. b.Tinley ..v.v ? 2 Worthlngton, b 'llnley ? :.... wj.,,i... .'? 0 SITonalrt, 0 Tarrant, J) Tiniey ...i..'-. ? ,. 0 Hope, 0 llnley. b Jackson ? w. ....... 8 llcslterr.b.lnek- ion. ? .'...,...,....?...., 1 Turton, b Jackson ? ;........;.. 35 L-nrmonih, 0 C.xsar, I) Tiniey .................. a Wills, bTin'ey..... ? i.'.mt., ...-..,?;.' 1 Coulstock, c Carpenter, b Jackson ? ..-.;.;.-;-; .'..n ?* Thomas, b Tarrant... ........ .Y..1..1... ^. '.'...;.. - S Slurlson, b Jackson ? V,' ....;. t) Ciirns. b Jaokaon ? ']. Vi.i.iViV..1 ...-a K(.«sllmr, bTorrant ..v..'...;..ti...9.. ?.-.;.'.. 8 Hamilton, 0 Carpenter, b Jackson. . , . . . . ?. ..'..... 1 lion. J, II. Harris (Superintendent of Province) atisirt ? 1...... '....I.. 1. .,.,.......,. Byes -, leg byea 2 ; ? .-,, ? 0 . Total'...;....;.'.'.'...'..'..'..'.'.'.'..'.... 98 '' ? , ? '? Stomi Innings.- '?????? Winter, bTinlcy., ? ...;.,.... 0 Crump, b Jackson ? „.,;..... 0 Iteo'/o Lockyer, bJsokion. ..,......,.,.....,..,- 2 Coulatock, 0 Carpenter, b Tiniey ,,.;.'. .'.'..'i ,' .?. „ 0 SI'Donald, 0 Anderson, b Tiniey ...;,..;',.,:.... 1 Bradshaw.bJackaon ? ., ? '... .'.'.. ;....... 7 Jacomb, 0 and b I'iBley ? ....'.. ,;.,:i...,. ' 8 ttedfern, 0 and bTlnley ? ,.?;.?..'. ......... 3 Fulton, 0 and bTinley ? ;.....,.:.?*..';'.?,.., 0 Turion, b Jm- kiou ? .',...;.«..'.?;.';!;.., » Worthington, bit wlckot, b Tln'oy : .', ,,.;.?..?,.,.; 0 Flemliic, 0 Carpenter, b Lookycr ..'........ ? 0 Morris, 0 Lookyer, bTlnley....................... 0 Hon. J. II Harris, b JackBon ? ,-e Sturlson, b Jackson ? ...'i.T.,7 ? .,.;,.,? 1 Wills, bTlnley ? .' ? ..;...?;.....;;;;...;.. 3D Cairns, 0 Carpenter, b Jackson ? 0 Thomas, run out ? ?...?, .... ' n Lcarmonth, »t Lockyer, bTlnloy ..,,..,.'''' , Hamilton, 0 Lockyer, bTiuley ....,,... ? , Hope.notout ? ? '? „ £issii'6«yswt ? -.;....;;::;::::; : T«,tal ? :,... ? H . ANALYSIS 01' THE BOWLINO. TnB Kr,EVBN.- Wills bowled am balls, 91 runs, M maidens, 3 wickets : M'Donald, 1 wide, 166 balls, 40 runs, 33 maldrns, 4 wicketj ; Redfern, a wldes, ,17a balls, 40 runs, to nnldons, 4 wlckctis Jacomb, 4 wldes, 28 balls. 11 runs. 1 maiden no wicket*. Tug TwENTV-Tiro.— Urst Innings : Tluley bowled )30 balls, 01 run', 5 maidens, 8 nickels ; Jackson ISO bulls, 21 runs, 33 maidens, 10 wiokctsi Tarrant, t6 bal a, 7 runs, 10 maidens, 3 wickets. Tho next thing to he considered wn3 how (0 gtt back to Molbiurne in time to play the Castlo mntne match, and at tho Allinga tailed two days liefjro hor regular ti.no, that opportunity w:s los'1, and there w»s only tho Oraeo on the berth : and as Bho was well known to bo very long winded, having taken a fortnight to do hor la»t Iriplo Melbourne, ahe was looked upon with anything but favourable feelings. As the Alhnmbra and Horo woro both udvortlsod for Saturd ly, tho 20th, it waa determined to wait and 8E0 if either of thosj boats camo in befora engaging by the Omoo, nnil as a moans of filling up th» time, it was decided to get up somo Bup plouientary sports to pass away Friday, and a most jolly day it turned out, cverjono concerned onto.'i»5 into tho fun with tho'gujto of school boys. Tlio firat event on tlio programme was a sioiflo- wlcket mfcfch botween Messrs. Hamilton and Shooamith, whltti /iroia ont of somo ohaS one evening when the 'ebost' was ' blowing ? bit,' and the latter took up hU challenge to play for a new hat The other events consisted ot foot-racen, throwing tho bill, etc, and I give tho programme in cxUruo. Tho day was very fine, and about 1000 people were on the pfronnd; and at two o'clock precisely commenced the Sinolb-wickbt Match botwean Messrs. Hamilton and Shoosmlth. Hamilton won tho toss, and sent In bis opponent, Crosar and Caflyn fleldin-, aud Parr and Tinloy doing tho umpire busine»s. Several balls were delivered without any remarkable effect, until 'Shoo' fiot hold of one to tho off, and, to the intonseaurprisa of him self and ovorybody clso, made a run. Animated by this, he soon let out at another, and drove it book to Hamilton with suoh force, that his hands clo.'ed upon it, and be oouldn't dropit. Exit Skoo smith. Hamilton then went to the wiokets. Tarrant and Grace wdte to have ilalded ; but as the latter had entered for iever»l of tho «ucceod Ing racos, CafTyn fioldod instead. Aoting under the advice of his seconds, 'Shoo' adopted the bowling generally known as the 'Sydney grubber' style, 08 which Hamilton scored .1, and then gave an ea;y ohauce to Tarrant, which, wonderful to relate, was missed, and another run soared. A few balls afterwards, hegavoa similar ohanco to Cnfiyn, and retired. The stereotyped method of wasting timo between tho inn'ngs was ignored by theso two masters of the art, and n* Boon ns ono was out, the other went in, and Shoosmtth again faced the peculiar slows of F. D II. He commenced with a drive for 1 ; bnt, instructed by tho wily Teor'em, devoted l.iin self nfterwardB to square leg. whoro there wai no fieldsman. Ho soon made, 2 more from hits I? this direction ; but the artful Crciar, creepihn up 'unbeknown,' secured the next, and cut short ' Shoo's ' career for 3. With a heavy sonse of the magnitude of the task he had to perform (2 to tio and 3 to win), the 'ghost 'iobc at the wloketB. Ho was pale,' but determined; the grubbers ap peared irksome to his soul, and he .was fain to content himself with blocking thorn, nntll one cnrled round his hat into his stumps, and bo was a defoated roan, 'fShoo' being hailed the victor by 2 runs, amidst great ohoorlng. 'After such a dose1 of cricket a.i tbc Eleven had displayed, there was something novel In witneastag qaito a- different style of play; but whether any of tho Eleven will consider it .worth their while to attempt to imitate either of tho above ' proleaaora,' romalns an open question. Hamilton's bowling, as an Ameriom captain Bald, reminds you ot linloy'B, it's bo darned different ; whilst that of Sbooamith waa more like what you see in an American bowling alley than anything else. At any rato, tho match created much amusement, if it did not display any new and brilliant feature. The score ia as follows:— Pint Innittgi. Second Innings. Shoosmlth, oand b Ha milton ? 1 oCffisar.b Hamilton 3 Hamilton. 0 Cafijn, b Shoosmlth ? a bSbo*smlth ? 0 After thiB o»rao a'raco for Onb Hundred Yards, between Jackson and TiNLKT.— Tiniey went off with the load, and kept it for about half the distance, when a vibration of the earth, aimilar to that caused by a goods train traversing- a railway, proolalmed that George Pan's big 'un had put on his rush ; he soon collated ' tbe spider,' and won by about a yard. * One Hundred Yards, dbtwekn Cappyn and C.V3AJI. — A capital start was effected, and they raced together for about 75 yards, when the paco began to tell on ' tho brewer,' and Ct03ftr won easily. QUAKTEB OP A MlLB, HRTWBEN HoLMEB a.nd Grace. — Tbo next race created considerable excitement. Holmes, a well-known professional pod., sojourning (or the time in Dunedin, had expressed a desiro to run one of tha cricketers 'for lovo,' nnd Grace, with more plnck than judgment, took up his gage. A quarter of a mile was tho distance fixed upon, and long odds wero to be had on Holmes. Confidence waa increased on both coming to tho Boratch, Holmes appearing in true professional costume, whilst Grace was arrayed in his loose flannels and general cricket Ing toirprory, certainly not adapted to a long race of this kind. On tho signal being given, Grace was oil with about' five yards lead, which he kept for about h»lf way, when Holmes(who was running within himself) joined him, and they kept together to tho diatanco, when Holmes forged ahead, and won as he liked. Next oame One Hundred Yards, BBTvrBEK Hay. WARD AND Wills. — Tommy ran vory wildly, thrtniog his arms about liko a windmill, and the Bteady pace of Hayward brought him in a winner by a yard, Six Hundred and Sixty Yards, between GnAcn and Tabiiant.— This event caused much interest, as tho respective speed and en durance of the two had frequently been matters of disputo, aud hare been twice tested in spine of 100 ynrdj, on both occasions Tarrant coming off second best. This, therefore, would thotv whetbor Grace's endurance was equal to his speed, and the parlizans of eaoh wero very sanguine. Tarrant had tho advantage at the etart, which was further increased by some fool atandinpj right in Grace's course, which mu»t bavo lost him Gyards. Titrrant, however, kept on his lead, and although Grace made an effort, and reduced tho qop towards tho finish, be failed to overhaul Tear'om, who won by 6 yards. Bellows to mend with both. ? Onr Hundred Yards, between Ander son and S. E. R. Jonbs, M.D., Licensed Victualler, Horsk Dealer, Theatrical Masaoer, and Caterer in General for the Ahusement 01' Otaoo. — Shadrach started with tho load, Yorkey waiting on him patiently. When within about 20 yards of the goal, the latter oimo np and made n dead heat of it. Thoy retraced their steps to the starting post, when a precisely similar rnco ensued, Anderson again making ft a doaJ heat, although it wns evident that he could have won easily had he aaosen. These two' spins created much amuse ment and roars of laughter nt Iho frantio oxerliorjs of thb little man to land himself a winnor, and tho good-humoured coolness of Anderson in timing; his paoo so well. As both wore pretty well baked, they did not 6S3-y a thiid trial, but reti'einn their laurels. ' ' 0NBlIONDUEDYAnD3. BETWBHN CROSSLEY (or IMelbouhne) and Johhstone {ov Dun EDIS)— ThiB was between tw - hoavy weiahts, and was rare fun. Crossley shut np about half way; but Jobnstono, not knowing it, kept on full pelt, with a most anxious expression of counten anoe, the whole distance, to the great eoj ymoot of the spectators. Time, about 4 minutes. OMB HUNDBED YARDS BETWEEN MILLS and! Learmonth.— A capital raoo, ending In a. dead heat. Oo the second attempt, Mills won by a foot. Two Hundred Yards, between Jones and Jackson. — Watson received i!0 yards start, but was aoon passed by Jones, who won easily. ? ENQLIkND E&BVBK; HANDICAP (120 YARDS ) — Clarke, Boratch ; Grape, 2 yards ; Tarrant, 3; Hayward, 4 ; Crow and Jackeon, 0 ; Lockyer 7 ; Carpenter, 8. Caffyn, 0; Ti- iley, 10; Anderson, 12; Part, 16, On the firat apology for a Bipcal, Tiolcv bounded off, and heedless of the shouts to Btop, ho ran tho distance alouo, when ho waa so much blown that he declined tho encore. A good start was efleoted, and Caffyn and Cioiir wore seen to tho fore. After a most oxcitiug struggle, Caffyn was proclaimed tho winnor by Bomo Inches. Onb Hundred Yards, between Cafktn and Jackson.— Notwithstinding hfa exertions in the previous raco 'tho brewer' again carried off tho honours, by winning in true professional style. Handicap Hurdlb Race, ophn toJ all, ABOUT 620 YARDS, OVEU HORDLBS.— This WBS tho prroat event of tho day, and inoludcd Holmes and his trainer, Hornston. Tho former, ofco'irso was at soratoh; Horraston, 00 ynrds; Tarrmt, 50; JenkinB, Williams, Jones, aud W»taon. GO yards. It was fully expected that 1 1 ohms woald -win this race, the long distance, and his greatstayins; powers making him a decided favourite. Soon after starting, Ta.rr.ant. who commenced at a grant paw- CTornauieti thw in front Cl I'iS; ?.nd il'l !CUnd, taking hij leaps in tho most plant; and olean nlanni.'; all except Ilolmci KridllSlly ' taking back seats.' Holpes avldently meant winning, and his long'stiide soon began to tell, and ho rapidly noared Tairant, who wna thought to have shot his bolt. Whon within fifty yards of tbo last hurdle, Tarrant inado a gallant spur', and though Holmos tried all ho knew, ho could Dot got any nearer, and Tear'om won a splen didly run raco amidst tho mosi, deafening cheers. Throwing this Bali,.— Tho Eloven then tried their skill nt throwing the hall, but none of them made any groat display, Grn-Vs 101 yards being fhe longest throw, nuuo of tho others reaehing 100. Plantinq Treks.— Tho sporbj being now over, a tree wns planted by each of tho Twelve, ctickotors, Sludraoh, and hU lactotmn, each man Baying, in a solemn wanner, ' I plant this troe in my name, and I hope tbo troo and tho country may flourish tocother.' This torminated tho proceedings, and tbe crowd gradually dispersed. In Iho ovoning, Mr. Jones ontcrtalncd the cricketers aud a few friends at dinner, nt the Provincial, ou whioh occasion tho cook excollod bimself. Tho host ocoupied tho chair, and after tho cloth was removed, rune to make a fow re marks respecting tho speculation. He aaid that, although taking it hy Itself ho would havo been a considerable loser, yet, from the various indirect sourofs ho lud at hie command.-ho had managed to pull through without loss. Ho attributed this to tho apathy of tho Dunedin people ia connection with crickot, and had come to the conclusion that strathspeys, shantreuses, and suoh like, wero more to tide liking, Ho then, with Bomo wbat unnecessary theatrical display, called upon his manager to hand to George Parr a cheque) for tbe balanoe of the oontract money, and then presented bats, with silver plates, to Lockyer, Grace, Carponter, Jacomb, and lledfarn, and balli to Hayward and Tiniey. Caffyn, who . made tbe highest seoro in New Zodland, viz., 43, . being, for some unaccountable reason, loft out. After, this, Mr. Jones presented eaoh of tha Twelve with a massive pin of New Zealand golrl and manufacture, in slzo and shape like a young; fryin? pan, and concluded by thanking them foe the cheerful and cordial manner in which the; had afforded him overy assistance in tbefc power to make the speculation a successful one. Goorze Parr, for himself and tbe Eleven, thanked Mr. Jones for his present, and aasnrea 1 him that his kindness and attention to their comfort had boen much appreciated by them, ia acknowledgment of which he begged Mr. Jones'* ' accep'ance ol a silver cup, which would serve to f remind him at tome future time of the visit of - tbe Eleven, and hoped that the reminisoenee , ? would be a pleasant ono: Ho then handed tha ' , cup to Mr. June*. It waa a vory handsome one, ,t with an appropriate inscription on one sldo, and 't the names of the twelve on the other. The) engraving- was apparently execuled bv a foreigner f with an Imperfect knowledge of tho En8lish lan guage, and tho effect of the inscription was 1 thorebyaomewhatimp»ired. Mr. Jones, in reply, ; of courue said that such a rocognition of hU ? humblo efforts, qtc, was totally unexpected, and .., that while bo lived it wonld always keep his , memory gre?n with regard to the cricketers, and , that he should hand it down to his children, etc., ; etc. Mr. L. Sampson, In highly eulogistic termi, ' proposed tbe health of George Marshall, to whom: ' .1 the colonies were indebted for the visit of- tha 1 EugllBh Eleven. Mr. Shoosmith responded, and regretted that unavoidablo detention oi Marshall , in Melbourne had prevented his having tho i opportunity of enjoying tho kindness and hospi tality which bad been extended to the visitors during their sojourn in NewZjaland. Several ' other toasts were propoted, and the company A broke np, afcer a most ploasant evening. On Satnrday morning the question of how to ' get back was again railed. The Alhatnbra had arrived on tbe previous day, but Bho was going on to Lyttioton, and tbe Hiro had not put in an .' appearance Nothing, therefore, was left but tho Omoo ; bo, having Hobson's choice only, it waa decided to go by her, and al threo o'clock the - steamer Golden Age sailed from the jetty, hearty cheers being exchanged between tho boat and tbeshore. Port Chalmers waa reached in about an ; hour, and, after a ''dok and dorr's'' (!) or what- ' ever they call in it Scotland, on board the Omeo, with. Shadrach, Captain M'Lean, and » number of friends, who accompanied the party from ? Dunedin, the word was passed for the shore, and the party of friends, who came to bid farewell, 1 wero soon transferred to tho Golden Age, whick . vessel Bteamcd round the Omeo, the air ro soundiDg with the parting cheers exchanged ? .. ' on cfthor side. The Omeo made her . ? way slowly, but sorely, through tbe Heads, and ? \'. it was almost a doad o»lm as far as the Bluff. . /';; The. steam power of that vesael not being much. ; ' '?? more than about a horse and a ha'f, the journey to Southland waa somewhat protracted, and 1 many regrets were oxpressod that tbe team did ' ' 7 not wait for the Hero, which blockade- running . .? vessel stood high in the estimation of the Eleven: Moro than one bet was mado that, notwithstand , , ing our three days' start, Bho would be in first. , On leaving the Blufl, bowover, the old boat Eroid her wings to the light breeze, and cut rough the calm Bea 'liko a bird,' and ten knots an hour was nothing to her. Tlio anmo favour able wind continued all through tho voyage, and Port Phillip Heads were reached early on Sunday morning', and the terra firma of Victoria was again troddon, after an ab3ence of five weeks. . ?- The trip to Now Zealand must ever bo romem bored by the cricketer? with minglod reminis cences of pleasure nnd hard work. Pleasure at .' tho invnriablo kindness and hospitality of tbo ' New Zaalanderx, and hard work from Sbadrach availing himself of every unoccupied hour, and . .' making them play. Still he stumpel np bis ' ocbre ' liko a man, and if there is any (-round ' of complaint (as faraa I hear), it iB from his . taking a trifle moro than bis money's worth out of tbe team. There can bo Jittle doubt that tha speo was a losing one to Jones, and, to tbo credit . of the Eloven, they did everything in their power ' to make the losa as light ai possible, nnd that in '? the most willing and cheerful ra»nner.. Possessed of all tbc enterprise and liberality of Spiers and ; Pond, Mr. Jones lacks that business acumen and aound judgment wbioh enabled the former firm 1 ., to make suoh a handsomo profit out of the , , Eleven who first visited Australia. His not submitting the boolb9 at Chrlstohurch to publio ' -;? competition, instead of taking them himself, and ' -'- having to send a largo staff and stock from. - Dunedfn, wan a mistake which, I fear, - he will regret for many a long day. However, overy credit is due to him for his pluck . j in making the engagement, and for tbe honour- ? . able fulfilment of it; and If It baa not proved as , succesalul ns waa anticipated, no one can regret it more than your correspondent. I forgot to men- .?* lion that Maddock (late of Victoria) was keeping *?» wicket in the lait m-tch, and bocnUKC Wills kept ?' on bis slowx, took off his accoutrements, and left the field. I need scurcoly Bay that the Twenty- : '.' one denlinod to &vai;! themsGlves of bi9 sorvioea ?? -\ for tho remainder of the match. I have now- ,, enly to apologise to your readers for my dre»ry effusion?, and couclude my account of the trip of the Eioveu to New Zealand. J ' ! 