MANURES. There is no ono question to which English agriculturists are now devoting more attention than that of manures. Chemistry has been colled in as the handmaid of agriculture, and farmers are at the present time increasingly fueling the importance of farming scientifically. At almost every sgricultural gathering in the old country the question of manuroB comes up, and ia disousied with marked intelligence Chemistry in relation to farming is one of the most important branches of study at agricul tural colleges, and hence a race of intelligent yeomen are growing up greatly superior in scientific) attainments to tho3o who have gone before. It has long been recognised as a 6rst principle in farming that what the land yields in produce must be returned to it in some way. To take all off the land and put nothing on leads inevitably to deterioration and impoverish ment. Hence the object of manures is to return to the land those substances of which tho crops hare deprived it. Suppose all the produce grown on the soil were returned to it in the form of manure, it would not only not grow poorer, hut it would be actually im proved, because not only would all that had been take:* off be reatored, but also much that the plants dnring their growth had elaborated from the atmosphere. .But practically this oinnot bz done, ihe cropa are produced to be removed from the ground and devoted to man's purposes and wants. Here, then, arises the necessity for manuring. We must fled substances which contain those elements whioh the growing crops h^e abstracted from the soil, and by tho judicious application of these substances restore the vya3fe and exhaustion which have taken plsce. Every one knows that to go on year after year cropping the lend without giving back t- it the substances of which it haB been deprived is the sure road to impoverishment, small crops— ^emall by degrees - and beautifully less'— and ultimate ruin of -the lancL Un fortunately tbif has been too much the case in tbia colony, The f oil has bwn, worked to 'death. KiobJ anrj fruitful as it wai in ita virgin state, continual wheat- cropping hai, drawii away its strength, and now an.average of. twelve or fourteen bushels to the acre is considered a fair crop. There cannot j be the slightest doubt that if but moderate care were taken to apply by artificial means those substance* of which annual wheat crops have deprived the land this average oculd easily be doubled. But the system which has prevailed here to so large an extent — of taking everything off the soil and putting nothing on— is an utterly ruinous one ; and Nature will teach us by experience year by year what science has been teaching theoretically— that good crops can only be obtained by fiee manuring. Iu a recent number of the Marl- Lane Exprets there is the outline of a useful and an intelligent paper on this subject read before a Farmers' Club in Scotland, which enters thoroughly into the question, nnd discusses the various kinds of manures, both from a scientific and a practical point of view. The writer says :—?' Farmyard manure is the most perfect of all manure?, seeing that it contains all tho substances which plants require for their healthy growth ; but, as we have seen in practic?, we cannot get enough of it to supply the waste caused by selling grain and stock, and so must supple ment it by other so-called chemical manures.' He then goes on to show that the constituents in which most soils arc deficient for fertility are nitrogen, phosphoric acid, and potash. All these-constituents are drawn off by growing crops, and need to bo supplied in some way. ' Soil*, even when in pasture, are liable to a certain process of depreciation from the cattle feeding on them. Phosphoric; acid is drawn from the cross by the cows, and Dint off tho Foil in thnr milk in greater proportion than it is n turned in excrements. Hence a process tvhieh tends to the exhaustion of the soil, to oh'ck which the application of bor.es is advisable.' Then in speaking of thn propeities of plant?, the writer pointed out that as nitrogen is not supplied in so great abundance, or rather not in such an available form as carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen— the other eln ments which form the combustible parts of plants— therefore, if we wish to obtain the largest possible amount of plant- growth we must add it artificially to the roots. 'Tho most important classes of special manurial Bnb stancei are nitrogenous or ammoniacal and phosphatie. To the former belong guano, nitrate of soda, eulphatc of ammonia, and animal- refuse manures, and through the appli cation of one or all of them to tho roots the purpose alluded to will be gained. To the phogphatic belong Buperphoppate of lime, bone ash, and ground bones. At tho head of am moniacal manure stands Peruvian guano, which in a preat measure owes its effects as a manure to the combined nitrogen which it contain?.' Though at first sight this deBcripl ion may appear to be a little too technical for the ordinary agriculturist, it only needs to bo carefully considered by any person of ordinary intellieenco toget a practical and meful hint from it. Wo seo, first of all, that farmyard manure is the best which can bo applied to the land, and if it were freely used to the extent to which it is available iu this colony it wouH increase to a considerable degreo the fertility of our ngii ?ultural lands. It contains v/i'liin. itrelf all the constituents which nre required for the renovation of the soil, and though not to the extent necessary to replenish the land with ull that ia tuien off it, yet in sufficient quantities lo make a'l the difference be' ween good croi-s and bvl onps. O.ia of the most grievous foe's belonging !o this colony is tlio extent to which manures are wasted, which, if properly employed, would be returned in a largs in crease to our produce. And curiously enou.li England, with all its imports of ariinYii! manure?, is charged with the same wanton wa3te. Tho Spectator Bays:—' Dr. Licbig, in his cLoU' Katun 11m do l'Agticulture,' vehe mently accuses England of having in the last 50 years pn -chased from other countries phos phate enough for 130,000,000 people, while she has allowed her own phosphate to run into tho lea. The depopulation of Europe must take place, S3ys the great chemist, if this is alloweJ to continue. A writer iu tin Stfcle imnroves the occasion by declaring t'wt the height of Frenchmen and Germans has diminished in tho same period from the want of the phosphoric acid of which 'Pi?rfMe Albion' has derive I thew. We have, it seein?, even r\wsnrke-l tho fields of Lcipsic, Waterloo, and the Crimea for bones.' According to the great German chemist and his eommentator, it seems then that tho English people have not only allowed this importnnt element to run to waste, but they have been purchasing at a large cost from other nations the phosphate which they ou^ht to havo saved at home. And in doing this they have iru poveri-hi'il France and Germany, drairin:* from them an esjcntial constituent of growth, and thus actually reducing the size of tlieir people. The Spectator say*, cleverly enough : — ' May not our Government get & hint as (? national defences from these waitings ? If we can weakou all other nation?, and therefore ftrengthen ouraelveB by buying phosphate, may it not turn out a cheaper method than building iron-dads. At least to tbe ardont patriot and agriculturist the groans of Liebig and the Siede may be taken as some set-aff against the pollution of our rivers and waste of our eewngc manure.' Though the fact moy be put forth in a gorcevhat exaggerated form by Liebii?, there is undoubtedly u considerable amount of truth i:i it. Tho waste of the sewage in large towns which takes place every year is something frightful. It was stated at tho recent meetings of the British Association held at Bath that manures worth at least ten millions sterling were wasted annually iu Eng land, end probably an equal sum in providing eipentivo drainage apparatus to get rid of what ought to be saved, and to carry into the tea whit ought to ba returned to the la«d from which it came. We know very well that what is called high farming in England is under the present circumstances of the colony impracticable here. But ihcre is no reason why a great portion of valuable manure, which is now utterly wasted, should not be turned to useful account. The effect would soon be seen in increased crops sn 1 a larger prosperity to the agricultural interest, which, perhaps, hll things considered, is the most important interest in the colony. CaiilfifAL Sittings.— The Criminal Sittings will commence to-morrow before Air. Justice Boothby. At present thcie are 21 cases on the calendar, and the description is as follows:— Murder, 1; false pretences, 3; false pretences by an insolvent, 1; larcenies, 4; forgeries, 3; horse stealing, 1; unnatural offences, 3; libel. 1; em bezzlement, 1; throwing aquafortis, 1; felonious assault, 1. There have, however, been several committals since the published list was made out, including one of bigamy and one of perjury. Westwobth.— We are gratified to learn that daring the whole time the Kiver DarlinR has been flooded the mail contract by Messrs. William and Thomas Chick between Wentworth and Mount Murchison has been carried out in a very satis factory manner. A short time ago a meeting was held at Mr. Gunn's Hotel, at which Colonel Kussell, Mr. Croger, Mr. KichardBon, pd other influential gentlemen were present. Oh that occa; sion Mr. Jamieson, J.P., in the name of sub scribers and settlers on the Darling, presented to Mr. Michael Doohen a handsome acknowledgment of the creditable manner ia which be performed the dingeious and important ;«ublic service of carrying the mails during the floods. The satisfac tion which Mr. Doohen's services has given to the settlors has prompted the wish that he may before long have a contract of his ovm, ant} prosper by it. Adelaide Police Coubt.— The only case before the Court on Saturday was one of inebriety— sub-; jected to the lowest penalty, and Is, for the cost of a vehicle. Agbicoltcbal akd Hobtiooxtobal §ooibtt.— The monthly meeting of the Committee of tho 1 above Society took place at the Norfolk Arms, on Friday morning. Air. A. B.- Murray presided, and | about a dozen other members were present. The first business brought forward was the protest lodged by Messrs. H. H. Bickford and F. R. Hunt against a horse of Mr. Smith's, which it was alleged should not have been entered in the two year-old class, through being over nRe.' In reply to Mr. Hunt, who stated thai he had brought the protest forward solely on publie grounds, tho Secretary stated that the certificates of the herses' ages had not been given in at the last shows. The rules only necessitated tho production of the pedigrees; hut the Judges were authorized to examine the horses to ascertain their ages, and their decision was final. Mr. Hunt objected to the possession of such power by the Judges ; and having given with great minuteness his reasons for believing that the horse in question was over t^o years old, said the matter was tf great im portance, for if three-year-old English horses were allowed to enter along with two-year- olds bred in the colony, South Australia would have no chance. From what he had heard, he believed the maintenance of a course which would render such competition possible would cause many to withdiaw from the Society. Mr. Smith stated his belief that the horse was eligible for entry among the two year- olds, but remarked that he had sent home for his pedigree and age. Mr. McEwin moved that the tinal decision of the question be dcferied until Mr. Smith has received a certificate of his horse's age from Scotland. As an amendment to this, it was muved by Mr. P. dimming that the decision of the Jiui.ccs be upheld, and that the prize be awarded to Mr. Smith. Both propositions were withdrawn, Mr. Hunt agreeing to withdraw bis protest on the understanding that Mr. Smith should apprise the Committee of the result of his enquiries as to the age of the animal. Mr. McUwin then brought forward the question of the agricul tural schedules which had been sent out by the Society to the various farmers. He stated that he had examined the returns sent in. ami he was tits posed to think that the report of the Committee embodied the best suggestions which could be ex tracted from them as to the causes, Ace., of rust in wheat. He gave it as his opinion that the alka line matter contained in burnt ashes would assist in reducing the rust. He gave an illustration of the benefit which had accrued from mixing woodashc.i with pickled wheat, and expressed his opinion that land prepared with nitrate of soda a* a top dressing, and with wood ashes, would be found greatly It assist in diminishing this farmers' pest. .Mr. W. TiiKiipson said the discovery of a remedy for the blight would lie an iiicak-iuYble boon to the farmers. lie suggested that the Society should procure an experimental chemist. ?Some discussion look place, during vluch Mr. A. Hell observed that wooda~hes would Imj valueless unless they killed the grub. In reply to this, Mr. Mcliwin renurked that practical persons had recommended the appli cation of woodiuhca to destroy the wireworm, and he doubted not luit it would be fuund efficacious asainst the grub. In reply to Mr. Frame, the Secretary stated that a list of names *f subscribers had been prepared, hut not published as yet, as some difficulty had arisen with regard to the report which was to accompany the list. Subjoined is :-. list of gentlemen ap pointed as a Committee to revise the next prize list:— Agriculture— Messrs. W. Thompson, A. Hell, and J. Cubblcdick. Horticulture— Messrs] H. McEwin, Geo. Smith, aud W. Ilackctt. Im plements—Messrs. Jas. Martin, J. Mellur, and W. W. Tuxford. General— Messrs. W. Ferguson, 11. Milne, and John Smith. Mr. Hatchctt was nominated convener, and the 18th December was fixed ui^oii as the day for the Committee to meet. Committee adjourned. Satusdat Kvkn'ing's Ciwckrt.— The perfor. mnnces at White's Assembly Room, on Saturday owning, were on behalf of the Albert Bellu Fund. As the room w.is nut a quarter tilled, we fear that the entertainment will ui-t add much to the credit balance. The programme was scarcely so varied as on previous ev?niiifrs on account of the absence of the Brunswick Band. Mr. Liuly Noimau and Mr. R. B. White performed several con. positions of more than ordinary dith'culty with consummate skill, and were almost vociferously applauded. M rs. Wisliaii's 'Chime again, beautiful 1*11*,'' was given with great taste and m quite .1 finished style of vocalization. Mi*. Wallace suns hi r well-known 'Katty Darling' dulifclnfiilly; and ;*iisi Babtanl favoured the audience with another of her pretty liall.id*, and w;ts warmly applauded. Mr. Sh.'ik s-!)Cii:u, whose performances upon Alexandra's cli'.'ii-Ii hatm(iuiu:ii on the previous Wednesday uvcniii;,' were so much admired, repeated them on Saturday evening. f-ne would imagine Mr. Siiak£i-care to. have bi-in a pupil (i Muns\ Unite Do'.'iiy. Like that talented insiiiu.i'ii'alist, his fU l» is \ i-wouf--, abrupt, and stnrtling; hi- liplits a'nl shades stand out in bold contrast, and c\cn his crescendo; linger but f.ir a few mi-m-M h up--n the ear, anfl are then lost in the nulling Bounds of tl:c succeeding harmonies. This pecu'iarity was srnkinsly exemplified l-yhuperfoinwm-e of thecolc bratcl 'Cujus Animum' fromltu&iuiVStaliat; Mater.' We imagine that the same composition wi ;i!«l be jiiven in a very difi'ercut style at St. Peter's of Home, or in the Cathedral of Moire Dame, Paris. The evening's entertainment was conclude I with the farcical and laughable sketch entitled ''The Wonder of the World,'' a phrase j which I he author (the brute) lias applied to a 'silent woman.' The chnracters were well sus tained by Mr. and Mr*. Kay, and Mr. II. J. Hall, ami, as the piece progressed, the gravest of the au.licuce were say, and the most stolid compelled to indulge in hearty laughter. On the whole, the week's entertainments have not been to well patronised as might have been anticipated. We hope, however, that that theie has hem no actual loss to the projectors. We should be glad to see something of the kind carried out periodically. By judicious management it could, we are confident, be made successful iu ever)' respect. Let the best talcut be procured; and, an Ossian has it, 'The stars will shed their rays, white as the lightning's flash, in the hall of the Norman ban.). Tlieir deeds were great; Ercat let them be again. ' Messrs. {-teele & Leslik'h Kntertain mkxt.— The midday performance announced for Saturday by Messrs. .Steele, Leslie, & Taylor did not takcplai-c in consequence of the small number of persons who responded to their invitation. In thf evening there was a very pood attendance of poiid-natured people, who received Mr. Leslie's repeated apologies in a most indu!cent spirit. The pictures arc certainly not better than we have been accustomed to see produced by Mr. Holmes, the scenic artist of the Theatre. The promised lecture was not written, but it will prnl.ably be ready by the time the exhibition reaches China or J:ipan. The musical strength of the previous evening was reduced, and although the ghost really did appear with great distinctness, it was not what the programme led the company to expect; and altogether the affair can be best described by the name given to the favourito plantation dance, 'a breakdown.' Sutkkmg Coobt.— The Chief Justice and Mr. Juttice Boothby sat in Banco on Saturday. November 28, the LastJDay of Term, when two admissions were made to the Bar and a number of eases brought down by Mr. Palmer from country Local Coutts were dealt with. SUDDEN DEATH AND INQUEST.— Early on Satur- day morning Mr. John Kaines, general dealer, was found dead in his house in Elizabeth-street. An inquest was held in the afternoon to enquire into the circumstances, when it was adduced in evi- dence that the deceased had been drinking hard for some time past, and had during the past week been receiving some pretty large doses of Battley's solution. The evidence was not conclusive as to the immediate cause of death, and the Jury returned as their verdict that the deceased had been found dead. Accident.— On Friday, November 2o, an acci dent happened to a man named Brand, employed at the (ias Company'* Works, Hindiuareh. He was screwing a bolt upon part of the works con nected with the engine, when his hand and arm were drawn jn and much torn by the machinery. Ac(3iDc;T.-0n Sunday evening, between 7 nnd 8 o'clock, Mr. O'Leary, accompanied by a friend, was driving in a gig along Gilbert-street west, when the horse stumbled and the occupants of the pig were thrown into the street. Mr. O'Leary sus tained a severe shock and a considerable abrasion of the skin on his face; his friend escaped with a few brtises. The horse was not injured, but the gig was damaged to some extent. Illegal Sale of Wine. -It is reported that the police seized on Saturday a horse and cart, with a quantity of wine, the property of a gentle man living on the South-road, on the ground that the driver Avas selling wine in contravention of law. Should the police succeed in gaining a convict'on the fact will be gratifying to at least one neighbour of the gentleman in question. Caution to Boyb.— On Sunday evening a young lad named Charles Duncan, son of Mr. Duncan, turner, fell off the step of an omnibus proceeding along the North-terrace. The fall appeared to have injured him considerably, aa his head struck the ground violently. He was taken home by the police. Eiflf. Practice.— The firing on the Adelaide Bange is to be discontinued during the erection of new butts. Wesleyan Foreign Missions.— Several public meetinga arc advertised to be held this week in behalf of the 'Wesleyan foreign mksions— This evtniijg at Norwood ; to-morrow evcuingfet Magill ; and on Wednesday evening at Paynehara. Ad dresses are to be delivered by the Ecvs. Messrs. 'Watsford, Ironside, Dunn, anil other gentlemen, who will be present at each meeting. Thz Illustrated Sydney News.— The sixth number of this monthly pictorial newspaper has a hopeful article on its position and prospects. The circulation from the commencement is given at —No. 1, 7,500; No. 2, 6,500; No. 3, 0,200; No. 4, 6,500; No. 5, 7,000. Amongst the illustrations are a sketch of the attempted escape of prisoners from Darlinghurst Gaol, a view of Twofold Bay, an Australian 'Camping Out,' a view of Eockliarap ton, a scene on the Murray, and a view of St. James's Church, Sydney. This number also com tains n Christmas Hymn, composed for, and' dedicated to, the children attending public schools in New South Wales. « THEMAYORALTT.-Ameetlngof Mr. Town»cnu'8 friends and supporters was held at the Cumberland Hotel, Waymouth-street, on Saturday evening November 26. Mr. T. Hall occupied the chair. Mr. G. Wildy proposed, and Mr. J. Bacon seconded that Mr. W. Townsend was the JStaSSSi person to represent them as Mayor. The motion was supported by Messrs. E. Solomon. M P Laves, and G. Vincent Tho Chairman, on putting the resolution to the meetixg, declared it carried unanimously in favour of ifr. Townsend. Mr Townsend replied, thanking them tor their sup port. It had been said that he was not the friend of the working man, and he had seen placardi stuck about the city charging him with going against the working men's interests. All he coul d say was that in his place iu the House of Assembly he had often been taunted with being the friend of the working classes, and lie had always done all in his power to advance their interests. With refe rence to the payment of Juries, he was the veiy one who moved for the payment of Juries so far as civil cases were concerned. With regard to the Keal Property Act he had been one of its warmest supporters ever since it bad been brought forward. The reason he did not vote for a testimonial to Mr. Torrens was that them were hundreds in -the city who never had any dealings in land, ar.d he thouyht it was unjust to tax the poor man to pay for that which was a benefit to the rich. He ijonsidered it should have been done by private subscription, and be would have been glad to have contributed towards it if that had been the case. Mr. Thomas based his election upon his connection with the Jttgister, but he would ask them to use their own judgment and ntura the best man. The Hon. J. H. Barrow said ho had never taken a prominent part in the election, but as he considered Mr. Townsend the man most fitted for the office of Mayor he should support him. They wanted one to represent them in the Council who was essentially a popular man. Let all the citizens act together as one man, and give their votes honestly aud conscientiously, mid he believed Mr. Towusend would be returned. It had been argued that they ought not to go out side the Council f jr a Mayor. Well, if they were to cle:t a Mayor from the Councillors, why not elect the senior Councillor? Mr. Thomas had told them that thuu«h he hail not been, at work publicly he had been Eecxetly influencinjc the com munity through tho columns of the Register. Mr. Thomas had based his claim for election upon tliat.^ The policy of the Jiegister had been to sacruice tlieir interests on the squattintt question. It had Mipported the system of giving free grass to the s-iuaiters, ami it had worked hard to get the rcim:us:tinii of the ad valorem duties, which p.a.vd a tax of 5J per cent, on all imported goods He wou',1 not have introduced this subject, but that Mr. Thomas had challenged the discussion himself. He hoped they would do their best to return Mr. Townsend. Mr. S. Raphael proposal a vote of thanks to the chair, seconded by Mr. L. Murp.iy, who took occasion to state that the Mr. Ennis who had issued the placards respecting Mr. To\\.Msisnd was in his employ, but that he (Mr. Murphy) w.is entirely ignoraut of the affair, and had not seen tho plaeardi until that evening. The meeting, which was a very orderly one, then bro!;e up. Civic Elfctio.vs.-A meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr. W. Towusend was held nt tlu London Inn, Flinders-stroet, on Saturday evening November 2(1. There were about 100 persons present, and Mr. J. Forster was voted to the chair. Mr. Boucaut said he had taken tho liberty of asking Mr. Towusend to address them first, as there was anuther meeting which be had to attdid that evening. Mr. J. Whiting objected to such a course, as he said he had intended moving an amendment, and he could not wait till Mr. Townsend had addressed the meeting, as his pl:ic3 of business w.n not yet closed; and ho referred to the fact of Mr. Thonris having been kept for a considerable time on a previous evening before he could address the meeting. After some further disi-ussion and considerable confusion, Mr. Boucaut moved, and Mr. S. Raphael seconded— that Mr. Townsend should first address the meetinj/. The motion was put and carried. Mr. W. Townsend then addressed the meeting at con* rtderablc length, during which he referred to the Hon. I '. McEllister's remarks as to his Coinmitteo beinjc paid, also to a placard making several charges against him, and also touched upon the re.isoiw which had been urged against his election. The Hon. J. H. Harrow proposed that Mr. Townsend was the most fit and proper person to represent the city as Mayor, and- he hoped they would be coo! and dispassionate, and place Mr. Townscnd a lonrt way ahead of Mr. Thomas on the day of election. He dwelt at considerablo length en the statement of Mr. Thomas at a previous meeting to the effect tl\at although he (Mr. Thomas) may not have done so much for tho titi7.:ns publicly, yet lie had exerted his iulluenco on their ba'.mlf through the coluninsof the Register He directed attention to the action taken by lint jiapLr o:i the mutatting question, and tho manner in wlikh it h&.4 advocated the rcimpositinn of the ad-valorem duties to as to cripple the trade of the colony. He said that even the boots which they stood in, and the coats which they ha I on tlieir backs, if imported, had been taxed CJ par cent., .-mil that through the influence of Mr. Thomas in the cyluiuns of the Itcititter. (Loud laughter and vociferous cheers.) In reference to the reason assigned why Mr. Tmvniend should not be elected— namely, because he had never been in the Council, he said that the present Council were the men who had got the Act altered so that the citizens should be ablo to choose a Mayor out of the Council, and he hoped they would show themselves determined to exercise the right conferred on them by an Act obtained by men who nowseeked to deprivo them of it. Mr. Townsend apologized to tho meeting for having to leave them, as he had to attend another meeting that evening. Mr. E. Solomon seconded the motion. He denied tha t Mr. Townscnd'H Committee had heen paid, nnd spoke at some length on the advantages possessed by Mr. Townsend over Mr. Thomas. Mr. McDonald supported the resolution, and in reference to a remark which lie said fell from Mr. (Jarlick at a meeting at North Adelaide, denied that Mr. Thomas was in the habit of pa} ing men when absent from work through illness, as it was a gross untruth-(No. no) -and yet Mr. Thomas had let that remark pnss uncontradicted. Mr. Ferguson, nn employe of the litgitter Office, denied Mi! Mel Nmald'a statement. Mr. O. Hankin supported the resolution, and was followed by Mr. J. P. r.oiicant, wlio deprecated the unfair means taken by the Corporation in publishing the charges against them in the papers, when it had been decided to appoint a Comtnfttee to in vestigate them. Mr. Sketheway uuppoited the motion, after which Mr. H. Hele denied Mr. McDonald's statement as being altogether untrue, and quoted citcumstances iu nupport of his remarks, in which he was supported by Mr. Davidson. The resolution was then put to the meeting and declared carried ; and a vote of thanks having been accorded to tho Chairman, the meet ing separated. Wirrawilka Mining and Smelting Com pany.— The sixth half-yearly meeting Of the shareholders in the Wirrawilka Mining and Smelting Company was held at the Norfolk Arras, on Saturday, November 2«. After waitina somo time a quorum was at length obtained, and Mr. W. IL Hamilton occupied the chair. The Secro tary read the Directors' report, from which it appeared that the works at the mine had not been resumed, but a promising lode had been discovered by the storekeeper iu charge. It consisted chiefly of gossan and spar, spotted throughout with copper, aud the Diiectois considered it advisable that it should be developed, as it would determine the value of that portion of the property. The report also stated that at the request of the pro moters the Secretary had written to lk[r. Coning ham, nrging him to consent to Mr. Haussen's proposal, but no reply had baen received. It further stated that tli3 whole of the third call had been paid on 2,900 shares, and that «ut of jC72o 10s., the amount of the fourth call, £290 5s. had been paid, and the holders of 505 shares had signed the deed of release. The Secretary next read the balance sheet and Auditors' report, show ing a balance in favour of the Company of £22 Uj. Pd. ; also, a btatement of the liabilities and assets of the Company, exclusive of the value of the mine and liabilities of shareholders for future calls. Liabilities, £13 4s. ; assets, £911 15s. 3d. Mr. Wigzell moved, and Mr. O3borne seconded, that the Directors' report and balance-sheet be received and adopted. The motion was carried unanimously. The Secretary read a letter from Mr. Hatmen, explaining the cause of his absence from the meeting. Mr. Osborne said he wished to know what was the present positisn of the share, holders with the promoters. When they entered the undertaking they understood that the property was worth i'25,000, and that the promoters ware to have two-fifths; but they had since found out that it was not worth that; but for instance, say the property was worth £5.000' what they wanted was that the promoters shoull take £2, 000 of that amount, and leave the thare holders the remaining £3. 000, and then they would be satisfied; but at present it was not altogether satisfactory. After some discussion. Mr. Osborne moved, and Mr. Fabian seconded— 'That the meeting should be adjourned till the first Thurs* elay in January, for the purpose of receiving frcm the promoters a definite proposal as to their inten tions respecting the future development of the mine.' Some further discussion having ensued, the proposition was put and carried, and a vote of thanks having been accorded to the Chairman, the meeting closed. The City Council's Answeb to Chaboeh. Wo are requested to publish the following erratum : -Jn the advertisement published in the Btgitttr of Saturday, November 20, instead of the words in tue fifth paragraph, 'he desired a Becond infor mation to be laid this time against the shop keeper's assistant, but the Council refused to allow thp officer to do so,' it should read aa follows : —'It w.ib suggested for a second information to be laid, this time against the shopkeeper's assistant, which was done, but the Council refuted to allow the officer to proceed further in the matter.' New Tkopical Plant.— We- have seen th« section of a plant obtained from Tropical Australia to which the name of Mackinlaya macrosciade* has been given by Dr. Mueller, out of compliment to McEinlay, the explorer, 