RHYMES. BY OLD BOOMERANG. HUNTING A GHOST. As I sat, all alone, in a musical mood; (Though as grave as a monk in his horsehair and hood), I heard—just at midnight—a nerve-wringing note, Like a pussy half-choked with a bone in her throat. Good lack! how it caused me to twitter and jump! My hair was like thatch, and my heart went thump, thump; My music was mute, and my tongue was as dumb As the tongue of a mummy, enbalmed in a tomb. What the ghostly voice muttered, I tremble to tell, It rang through my ears like my funeral knell: While a host of old friends seemed to gather around, Direct from their lodgings below the cold ground. Half frantic with terror I sprang up the stairs, As fast as if followed by forty great bears; When I got near the top, I beheld a tall ghost, But my fears, the next moment, in rapture we lost, T'was the comeliest ghost that I ever have met; Its garments, though scanty, were spotlessly white; Its lily-white legs—of all drapery bare— Were strong, for their owner could run like a hare. Such speed, while it made my whole household to shake, Strange to say, did not make my heart quiver nor quake; I hold out my hands the fair phantom to clutch, But, ghost-like, of course it eluded my touch. With a hop, like a cricket, or young kangaroo, It entered a room, and was lost to my view: And as I stood stuck, as if glued to the stairs, A burst of rich laughter saluted my ears. "Ah me!" I exclaimed, "what a beautiful sprite! Such hair! and blue eyes, so bewitchingly bright!" Just then a soft voice, from the ghost's chamber, said "Mr, B—, cease your music, and go to your bed." That moment, the trick was transparent as glass; The ghost was my guest, a young frolicsome lass; Deprived of repose, and perplexed with my riot, She had acted the goblin to make me be quiet. But its plain that she had not quite counted the risk, Nor imagined her victim so nimble and brisk; So lasses, en dishabille, henceforth take heed, When the d***l you play, don't miscalculate speed. Darlinghurst. 