HARMONY HALL. THE members of tlie Presbyterian Church at Eagleliawk, near Bendigo, are "exercised," we believe that is the word. Discord has crept in among them, owing to the proposed introduction of a harmonium to their place of worship. It has put them all out of tune. From concert pitch it has brought them down to a dissonant state of mind. _ Mr. M'GREKAN, whose very name has a stridulous Bound with it, opposed the "complicated invasion," because he has been unable to find any mention made of the unhallowed instrument in the Bible. "It was better," he said, "to remain as they were, in case SATAN led them astray." To think of auld CLOOTIE lying -perdu in the vibratory pipes of a harmonium; and, the moment the bellows is set in motion and the keys are touched, dropping his diabolical person into the ears of the unsuspecting listeners! Mr. M'GREKAN has made a discovery of immense importance. Now that we know the Satanic powers of music, we must revise the Holy Scriptures (especially the Psalms), revise the plays of SHAKSPEARE, and revise the works of half our poets. When HAMLET talks about the Ghost bringing with him " airs from heaven or blasts from hell," we must transpose the sentence. When DAVID invokes the aid of all sorts of musical instruments to celebrate the praises of the SUPREME BEING, we must take it for granted that DAVID (pace M'GREKAN) was altogether in the wrong: "For," says the authoritative M'GREKAX, " the Apostles had no harmoniums;" albeit there was something uncommonly like them in use among the early Christians. Mr. HOVEY (who we fear is a homophonous reprobate, wholly destitute of respect for the "unco guid") ventured in reply to ask why, if apostolic precedents were to be exclusively followed, the clergy should array themselves in sweltering suits of black ? He might also have inquired why they sometimes bestowed so much thought on what they should eat, and what they should drink, and wherewithal they should be clothed, in utter disregard of a certain precept to the contrary. Then came a Dr. SORLEY, whose name ought to be spelt with an u, we should think, who believed the "harmonium would draw a light and frivolous class of attendants to the church, whom they did not want thereJ" We imagined—sinners that we are!— that this was precisely the class of persons whom it was desirable to attract, to impress, and to reclaim. We have an indistinct recollection of having read somewhere (perhaps Dr. SORLEY can supply us with the precise reference) of their being more joy, in a-certain place, over one sinner that repenteth than over ninetynine Dr. SORLEYS made perfect; and it really does appear to us that the first step to be taken with a view to his reclamation and repentance, is to secure your sinner, even if you bait him with a harmonium. Mr. MOREHEAD took a more liberal view of the question. After careful consideration, he was inclined to look charitably towards the instrument." Happy instrument! Benignant MOREHEAD!) "The Old Testament was in its favour, and there was nothing against it in the New." But he must draw the line somewhere; and he took his stand on the drum and cymbals. At least so we infer, for be was averse both- to wind and to stringed instruments:—"He did not approve of fiddles and pipes in churches, as they were instruments of levity, and their use would give a handle to scoffers ; but an organ or harmonium [without pipes] was a most appropriate instrument for churches :" always provided the former was not a barrel organ, for that of course " would give a handle to scoffers." Did it never enter the sagacious heads of these unmusical and unharmonious controversialists, that they themselves were offering more " handles to scoffers" than there were stops in the great organ at Haarlem ? What will the profane think of a faith which trembles lest it should be undermined by Satanic chords, diabolical scales, fiendish minims, devilish crotchets, demoniacal modulations, and maleficent concords ? which sees heresy in an instrumental symphony, irreligion in] psalmody that is not snuffled through the nose, and impiety in the process of pumping air through a box of metallic pipes ? How will people, who have just enough knowledge of sacred things to be acquainted with a certain declaration signifying that He " came to call, not the righteous, but sinners to repentance," reconcile the spirit of that declaration with Dr. SORLEY'S orthodox repugnance to " drawing a light and frivolous class of attendants, whom they did not want there" (any more than the Pharisee wanted the Publican in the Temple) ? Should there be any Missionaiy Society in existence, which has been established for the purpose of making Christianity known to professing Christians, we recommend it to send a zealous agent to Eaglehawk. Why expend our efforts on the South-Sea Islanders, when there are so many benighted heathen on our own gold-fields ? 