A VA&BAWT; [From Melbourne PiauA.) f -- - ' Two inqocsta were lidd yesterday, by the «;?' city coroner. One -wa* »t the Melbourne Gaol, '§?'? on the body of Bichard Stevenson, who died ii. there on tbe 20th instant, aged (ixty-three. On :; ' (lie Mth JDStaDt be vu committed to gaol '%?' tmder sentence of three months for haring no l.tnfbl means of support. He wan so feeble at «l,A*ima*if hi* MimniifrBl that fip km hr/uurtif. to gaol Id a c*rt, and had to be placed in the Jiospital, noder rncdical care. Dr. M'Crea, tbe medical attendant, depooed that tbe canse of : death -was old age and debility, adding fiat be v thought deceased had been without sufficient -; food before his admUaion. The Terdict was '. giren accordingly.'1— Age. Tremblingly pallid and worn, Utterly poor and forlorn : . Hanger inscribed on his cheek,. Limbs Tory weary and weak ; '/ ? ifLnxionB, yet liollow, his eye, His breath coming fast with a sigh. And his life, as it seemed, veil nigh epent^ Arrold man awaited bis punishment. And what is the crime of this grey old man ? What deed bath he done that the law should , scon ? Hi- hand is 'feeble, bis form is wasting, And fast towards death that old man is hasting; Tet on bis wan face, tbongh 'tis forrotred with J7o brand of infamous life is there. What fault, then, is his ; what terrible -wrong Hath he done that he stands that crowd among? £. Oh 1 rank his cflence f'tii the worst, for be ?!?-,— _|M9iHty of hnnger add misery ; ^^^-^^^^^ojtEuJi ?DiDruo JB_tb' TZg&i; yo' r Asthat gravErt of iino are -want and ?woeT'°J'~'T for though prosperous rascality Is strictest morality ; And succesB, howe'er gained, . Is good ethics maintained ; Yet to straggle, and straggling, scarce know bow to live. Is a fault that society cannot forgive ; Bo it is but according to rule, I suppose, That this wretched oli man, as to prison he goes, Should be conscious that in him society shows To misery it has tbe extremest aversion, And pots it down promptly by rule and coer cion. And indeed it is clear that this method of dealing With hunger, as if it were lying or stealing, {Inth much to commend it, for here it is plain This squalid old vagrant will ne'er sin again. Within si gloomy building lying, That old, forsaken man is dying. The struggle and tbe pain are past, Tlic sands of life are running fast ; jiuu as iim gmzc o erspreaus ins eye, His thoughts go back to years gone by, In fancy he again can see Fair children nestling round his knee ; for maybe his was pleasant home. Till trouble forced his steps to roam ; And once he may have hoped to gain His lost position hack again. No loving child attends him now To wipe the death-damp from bis brow ; There is no gentle voice to sooth, No hand his pillow to make smooth ; No tears affectionate are shed Around his roaree, hard prison bed. Bnt what of this? He and his sorrow Will be forgotten by the morrow. He dared a wretched thing to be, And having dared, he properly Paid, as was tit, the penalty. One need not surely feel distress Of vagrants that there's one the less. Anil mnybe tor the future there'll be fewer, If gaol's tbe pnnishment and death the cure. Thr Mosaic Code ok Ototees. — A carious care of assault was recently brought before llr. Faget, at the Thames Police Court A man named Kobeit Brown was eating oysters in Whitechapel, and while so engaged pressed one on Jacob Flemder, a Jew, who objected to eat it as being contrary to his religion. The refusal was followed by a- scuffle, in which Brown forced the oyster into Jacob's month, and broke a glass Teasel he was carrying. The prohibition against eating oysters was read by \ Mr. Poget, from Dent m 3, 10— 'These ye i-4 shall eat of all that are'lh Die waters ; ail 'that hare fins and scales siMl ye eat ; «nd whatBO erer hath not fins and scaies ye shall not eat ;it is unclean to you.' Brown-was fined -40s ibr the assault, and mulcted in the price of the broken glass. — London Review. An Affecting Impobxatkw.— The Realm describes a ningnW scene. Some cotton has lately been imported into Farringdon, ivherethe . mills had been closed for a considerable time. The people, who were previously in the deepest distress, went out to ineet the cotton, the women wept over the bales and kissed them, and finally Gang the doxology over the welcome importation. Imagine cotton becoming poetical, and people spontaneously raising a Te Deum because asked once more to toil ? If that incident is true, as it stands, it would make a better incident for the painter than half the worn-out incidents of dra matic story. - A Bomaktic Stoby.— A curious story is re lated of £ginbard, a secretary to Charlemagne. The underling fell desperately in love with the daughter of the Emperor, who, it seems, coun tenanced his advances. One winter's night his visit to tbe beautiful princess was prolonged to a late hour, and in the meantime a heavy snow bad fallen. If be left, his foot-prints would be tray him, and yet to longer remain wonld expose him no less to danger. In this extremity, the princess resolved upon tbe erpedient — for love will always devese means of fostering its own pleasure — of carrying her paramour on her back to a neighbouring house, which she did. Hor rible dictu I say the maids of now-a- days. It happened, however, that the Emperor witnessed the novel occurrence, and on the following day, in assembly with his courtiers, asked what pe nalty ought to be meted out to that man who would allow a king's daughter to bear him on her shoulders through frost aud snow of a win ter's night. With one accord they answered death. Eginhard and the princess were present, and became alarmed, but the noble Charlemagne quieted their forebodings by addressing the pre SumptouB lover : — ?? Hadst thou loved my daugh ter thou ahonldst have come to me : thou ait worthy of d«ath ; bnt I give thee two lives. Take thy fair porter in marriage, fear God, and 1 love one another.' ' Life.— How ?mall a portion of our life it is that we really enjoy. In youth we are looking forward to things, that are to come ; in old age, we are looking backwards to things that are pone past ; in manhood, although we appear indeed to be more .occupied in things that are present, yet even that is too. pften absorbed In rague determinations to. be vastly - happy on acme future day, when we bare time,— Cokm. \ y*i*K MoBiuir.— Never teach felse mora- . lity. Howexgiiiste];.abanr4 to }ell girls that p beauty is 6f no valae-*4i)eas rfno n*e I -Beiraty^ F' ' ' ?-— ?^^^wfWWp^^^^S'Sl#3 r - becomfag*ocnet| «nd, Ifdie has fire sTainst* i|!0Bimoii ?ewe *bfwm find Jhi« out Thegreat thin* is to teach^er thetr jort value -atod- that there must be eotDething tetter under * bonnet thati » pretty face for real happinesi. BnV 'n£Ter«acriBcetnrth.-^ff-&tqt; ' .-A 'Hnapr.— Some time since a rn«n in Maine wanted to exhibit tm Egyptian mummy, and ? went to tbe Court-house for a license. ' What Is It?' aiked the Jodge. ' An Egyptian tnutn . my, may it please the Court, 'more than three thonMpd yean old,' said tbe showman. 'Three thou*aod yean old 1' exclaimed the Judge, jumping to his feet, 'and it the critter ?live?' : JraoRTAtTTTorGooD-ntsa.— There is nothing, \- no, no thing innocent tiiat dies and is foryotten ; .let ps hold to that faith or none. An infant, a . ' a prattling child, dying in its cradle, will live ?gain in tbe better, thoughts of those who loved . it, and play, its part, through them, io the re . . ? deeming actions of the world, though its- body . he btrmt to ashes or drowned in the deepest sea. . There ta-not an angel added to the host of hea ' ? ;? Trcn butdoet its blessed work on earth in those $hat Jored it here. Forgotten ! O, if the good , deeds of hnmancrtatnres could be traced to their source, How beautiful would even death » fisnpeRri'ifor bow tnnch charity, mercy, and: purifiel affection 'wonld be. seen 'to hare tiieir ' jiten^P'dnslyjgraVes.J-;. Dickens. ___ . - * ' ^ ^iEEtiSAliW.— 1 have now . been a week at ; 'i J^rnsalem, ftoing tbe round of thie .sights, some. ' . '.~ivf abmrbmg interest; others of revolting ab e^-^BWsaity;.' -aChe'jBrrt w*», of «onrse, the Holy -fiermlchre, then King David's tomb, tie Mormfc J pf Ofees «nd the Cltapel of the Ascension, . . ^ Geibsfmahe,-theTilla^of EBnnanB,and'flnallr ^e^Jehttn. They are all loo Veil known from books for me to attempt any dtecription. It was far from ray purpose, in -writing about this country, to tread feebly in Die footateiis of the many learned authors on it, but merely to give my impression of its present state as a part of too Turkish empire. I cannot, however, pass over Jerusalem without saying how painful it wa* to me to listen to the desecrating tales of guides at the sacred ehrinef , The Church of the Holy Sepulchre is necessarily of surpassing interest ; but the donbt of tbe identity of the tomb— tbe flight of steps leading from it to Calvary, which is also in ttaechnrcb, and the mon- kish triviality with which every detail is pointed out — ihe Bot-ke's of the three creates— tlie rock riven by the earthqnake during the Crucifixion — tbe stone on which the Lord's body was pre pared for burial— that on which the Empress Helen sat when she found the true cross — finish- ing off with the sword of Godfrey of Bouillon — and all this seen under a guard of Turkish policemen — drive reverence from the mind most bent on simply believing what Christ did there. On Easter eve it is still worse, I am told. The Greeks and Armenians assert that fire descends miraculously from heaven to light the lustres and tapers round tbe Holy Sepulchre, as Ihe Altar was burnt at the prayer of lilijah in the i'irst Book of lungs. Strange antics are4hen performed— ludicrous were they, not profane. People rush wildly shouting round tbe tomD ; and so m.id is the frenzy -excited, that persons have even recently been 'trampled to' death in these superstitious orgies when the struggle to light tnperfi at the holy flame is raging. . For merly a white pigeon was thrown from the cupola into the sanctuary, .to - represent the descent of the Holy Ghost ; bnt this -gross aggravation is, happily, now discontinued. And merien, foribtre are always some TcrjtB in.tlie church lo guard it, and bngreat festivals, there are large bodies of soldiers and police to tell the tale of Christian inferiority to (he purity of their own form of worship and that of the Jews. The noble llosqne of Omar is very different in its general effect. Impressed by its grave re pose one rejoices to recognise tbe, undoubted features of the threshing-floor of Araunah, a bare rock unadorned with priestly gewgaws, and precisely in the same state in which it was when Abraham bound Isaac on the altar he had erected on it — when Melchizedek or Sliem (if they were really the same person) oflered bread and wine to Abraham on it, receiving a tithe of his spoil — when the angel stood there to threa ten Jerusalem with pestilence, and when David built his altar on it. Then this was the court of the temple of Solomon, whose vaulted founda tions visited, while pilgrim Jews from Germany and Poland wept outside, in nil simple grief for its fall, at the place of Wailing. It is truly a graud monument, eclipsing, both as a Jewish finery of the Christian Ciiurch of the Holy Sepulchre. One enn well comprehend the enthusiasm of Saladin when he said, as recorded by the historian Emad ed Din, that it was the abode of a prophet, the resting-place of saints, the goal of pilgrimage of angels, the future scene of the general resurrection and judgement, the spotless and beautiful pavement whence Maho met ascended to heaven, and whence the light ning flashed on that night of mystery, illumi nating every point of the universe. — Bambleg in Syrian Desert*. v ROMANTH? MaBBIAOE OF THE MAHARAJAH Dhcleep Sikgh. — A correspondent writes to us from Alexandria, on the 28th nit. : ? ' The Maharajah Dhuleep Singh is here. When passing through Cairo, on his way to India with his mother's body, he saw and fell in -love with a girl at the Presbyterian Mission School, the daughter of one of the partners in a leading English mercantile house, nnd aftersome hesita tion on her part the matter is settled, aud they are to be married in a few weeks. The mis sionary telbj me that she is one of the most beautiful girls, both hi person and in character, that he has ever seen or known, and like the Maharajah himself is a devout Christian.' Extbaordinaby Attempt to Commit Sui cide.— The Stamford Mercury narrates the following occurrence : — An old gentleman of ninety, jiot content to wait a little while ibr death, determined to commit suicide, and this was how he went about it 3le ripped open one cndoftheflaxrnattrraofthebedhewBslvinR ^^ gQt^n.M»..-irrt;ilrt^c8fatiAa1U^aywmS, his turoat, and ridiberatelPM^Sre'tonCBetiiitM? offlar into which he toad -thrust himself. : lor wnnt of air the material -noold not Imrn,-- snd the old man's life was saved, but odIv by » timely discovery, for the tightness with -which be had tied the 'tick ' nearly resulted in strangulation. . Cdargiso with the Bayonet. — It is a gene ral rule in the service of her Majesty, as well as throughout the armies of Europe, that the troops before charging with the bayonet should fire a volley, in order to throw confusion into the inks of the enemy, as well as to cause a smoke for them to advance raider. The advantage' over the present system wpuld be tenfold, were the rear rank alone to fire, the front rank re maining at the shoulder till tbe word to charge be given, and then firing from tbe hip as they crossed bayonets with the enemy. When the men fire they would be able to act simul taneously after the volley, and therefore there would not be sufficient time for the gaps caused by the fire to be filled op in the ranks of tbe enemy, and consequently there would be a greater certainty of putting them to confusion. At present from the smoke and confusion likely to take place at a period immediately preceding a chaise, the men are unable to take that accn rate aim without which the rifle is useless. The bayonet would be much more effective when pre ceded by. a fire as certain as it is deadly. — Army and Xary Gazette. The Last New Chambermaid. ? 'Biddy,' said a lady friend of ours io an Hibernian dBmsel TecenUy TOgaged, 'where hare yon been so long?' 'In vour bedroom, mum,' replied Biddy, 'afther taking a patthem gr a basque ; I am going to have one the loike uv it, only a bit more bugles and lace ; I alien takes paUberos from the missus if *be is tasty, and I tried ihe basque above on me yesterday, and it fit like me skin ; wouldn't you be telling me where you got the silk ?' Tbe end of the anecdote we forgot to ask, hut probably the lady fainted, and Bridget received a month's wages jn lieu ofa warning that very day. The girl is juBt now an irrepressible individual. 