LAURENCE STERNE. A life of Sterne, in two Vols., from the pen of Percy Fitzgerald, has recently been issued by lies«». Chapman and Hall, London. The work ls that noticed by the Athenäum of 2nd April : In the last century, when Sterne lived, loved, laughed, and sat for a false portrait of himself for pos- terity, there was a sort of rage in France for the adap- tation of the English drama to the French stage. There was,however, therewith a strong objection to the English fashion of killing hero or heroine, by bowl, dagger, thunderbolt or bolster, at the close of the play. "When managers ventured to follow the original in this respect, French ladies fainted, Freach gentlemen swooned, tho pit howled, and dwellers in "paradis" hissed. For the sake of French ladies, these " catas- trophes" were changed, tragedies ending, if not merrily, at least with murder only in words. Yet the dear creatures who shrieked at the mimic slaying of a theatrical lover could sit at the open windows on the Place de Grève and without wincing, or throwing away a sigh, gaze on tho mortal agonies of Damiens. They saw the wretched man nailed, by iron bands to the table on the low platform ; they saw his hands amputated, his flesh torn by pincers, molten lead, poured into the wounds, and, finally, the quivering limbs lugged from the trunk by the king's horses. It was a drama, of several acts, with long intervals ; and during those intervals, the amiable French ladies withdrew into their rooms and— played at cards ! In many respects it is with Laurence Sterne as it was with those ladies—or, rather, he is thus disparag- ingly represented To-day, weeping over a dead ass ; to-morrow, passing unmoved his half-starving mother : at one time cruelly neglecting his own wife, at all times loving unlawfully his neighbour's ; a men with his heart in his brains, and therefore a jumble of feeling all false, and judgment ever erring. This re- presentation of Sterne is, nevertheless, entirely con- trary to the fact. But for this Sterne himself is largely' responsible. His enemies had in him their most powerful ally. By his frivolity, vanity, recklessness, audacity, want of self-control, lack, of forethought, and heedlessness, he played into his adversaries' hands, and by his public conduct, so much of which could be easily misconstrued, almost authorising then denial that he exercised in private any Christian virtue Mr. Fitzgerald steps forward at this juncture, not to panegyrize poor Yorick, but to render him simple, yet ample, justice,—not to declare that his enemies were all slanderers; but to show that they were fre quenüy mistaken,—not to denounce those who have marked, with microscopic eye, the vices in his charac- ter, but to demonstrate his' virtues also. In the per- formance of this task he succeeds all the more happily aa he addresses' himself to it dispassionately ; and, he leaves us with the impression that Laurence Sterne had much in him of the true man, without attempting to force upon us tho conviction that he was a hero. ' Sterne came into the world under a cloud, lived in it under mingled cloud and sunshine, and left it under a cloud. His father, Ensign Roger, of the 84th, had mamed the widowed daughter of a commissary in Flanders, on 3s. 6d. a day, and Laurence, the third child, was born in the barracks at Clonmel, Novem- ber S4th, 1713, just as his father's regiment, with many others, was broken- after the- Peace of Utrecht. There was a re-forming of regi mnts, and; Roger; was restored to active service. Laurence's young life was chiefly passed in barracks or on ship-board " quarters" being fre quently changed; and much painful and perilous travel coming of it: His father, after many sore trials and perplexities, bravely borne, for he was a courageous and worthy little fellow, made but '' a bad end" to a not brilliant career. 'In a duel which he fought In a room at Gibraltar with Captain Phillips, the iatter "put his rapier with such vigour through Lieutenant Sterne's person that he actually pinned him to the wall behind. Then, with infinite presence of mind, tho little smart man begged of Captain Phillips, with much courtesy, that before withdrawing the blade be would have the politeness to brush off any plaster adhering to the point." The wound, doubt- less, healed all the sooner for this, but the lieutenant, shortly after arriving at Jamaica, was attacked by yellow fever, and he yielded to it straitway. Laurence was then a schoolboy at Halifax, all the more confident that he would- make his way in the world as he had, in county Wicklow, tumbled into a mill-race, been dragged under the wheel, and shot into shallow water, from which he scrambled safely. At Halifax Free School Laurence remained till he was well nigh eighteen, studying only by fits, and starts, and according to Mr. Thackeray, " borrowing money, telling lies, and leering at the housemaids,", for which leash of alleged facts Mr. Fitzgerald can discover no warrant. Laurence had Yorkshire relations, by whom (his mother and family being in Ireland) he was sent to Jesus College, Cambridge, where he puzzled his tutor and was accounted an odd young fellow of wish to exercise them in the Church, but his wishes were not consulted. In 1786 he was ordained deacon, and two years later priest. He was at York, where an ancestor of his had been Primate, and where his uncle, Dr. Jaques Sterne, was a cathedral dignitary, and Laurence's patron, when there came thither that Staffordshire enchantress, Elizabeth Lumley, who at once made conquest of his ever too susceptible heart. He wooed her with an eager and sincere affection, In- dulged to the utmost In sentimental and romantic love making, and finally married her,after long coyness and pretty wavering on her part,-when he was Vicar of Sutton-in-the-Forest and a Prebend of York. The year waa 1711. The lady had a small dower of her own, and Sterne "had seated himself in the lap of the Church, and if this was not covered with a fringed cushion, it was not wholly naked." There was but not the mi Sterne became a thorough "co 'filling up his leisure hours by painting, music, fish- ing, and shooting. He was rather too' much for his neighbours, who soon discerned that their "parson" was altogether out of the common way ; and he was a little too much for his wife, who looked from among, her household gods, and felt that there was something droll, strange, unaccountable, in his humour, but she was totally unable to appreciate or comprehend it. In the vicinity, his free and plainly outspoken style raised many enemies against him. This was to be ex- pected, for if Yorick heard of a dirty action, he called him who did it a "dirty fellow," and he was neither a hunting, drinking, nor swearing parson, but a tall delicate, weak-chested individual, the strong-limbed and muscular clergy thought con- temptuously of him.- They must have watched his sharp, scrutinizing eye with some anxiety, and heard what fell from his sarcastic lips not without dread. In all other respects he is. as yet, harmless and void of offence, but paying dearly even for indulgence in his innocent pursuits. He cultivated, for instance, his own vegetables, with the usual luck of men who are their own gardeners, "A cartload of turnips." he remarks, " was dear at two hundred pounds." In poetry he was hardly more successful ; but it was in the exercise of his vocation, and not in the enjoyments of his leisure hours, that he soon became remarkable. "Whether at Sutton or at York, he startled his hearers by a grotesqueness and originality in his sermons to which they had never been accustomed. Some of his congregation thought he was laughing in his sleeve, brief discourses abounded. There was little that was commonplace or dull ; they were, says Grey, " in the style most proper for the pulpit, and show a strong imagination and a sensible heart." And therewith Sterne prospered in a small way ; for, in a little time, he held three small livings and three prebends, but with less than as many hundred pounds a year derived With inerease of duties and wealth came increase, of friends and more frequent hours of relaxation. He fell among a rather wicked set of fellows; under, his friend Hall Stevenson (the Eugenius of after days'), st Skalton. Unfortunately those wicked felons were witty also, and loved wit in others, and that of Sterne was of a grotesque quality, much more' so than his sermons were, and he was nothing loth to ex. \- plode his fantastical fireworks, and receive the àp plause of the wits for his guerdon. Those days were the old golden days of Yorkshire Harrogate, where lively persons, "good fellows,*'wealthy aristocrats, and frisking ladies of every age abounded. "At one table alone the united rental of the guests. reached £68,000 According -to the curious etiquette of the day, the ladies found the gentleman in tea and sugar, Dinner was but a shilling, supper but sixpence,'rooms were.gratis, and the best' claret was supplied,at otó, shJlling a bottle.'' Oh, happy, golden days never to return ! Evil as was-tho brotherhood at Skelton,, or, "Crazy Castle,' Sterne knew how to draw good out of it ; for he formed closer brotherhood still with the boold, rare, grW tesque, earnest,sarcastic volumes they were,— which were in accordance with his humour ' and bent of mind, and he gained from them matters of fact, and matters for thought turned to good account -when his " Tristram Shandy" was winning for him the approval of bishops and tho anathemas of less dignified men. The place itself was ancient, historical, full of a wild peculiarity, not to say ' beauty, and which a subsequent proprietor, with a modern taste, destroyed. " There was a Lord Veru- lam In the present century," says tba author, in re- ' ference to this Vandalism, " who actually levelled the. fine old mansion of his great ancestor at St. Albans ; and," says Lord Granville, with'a generous contempt that all must sympathise with, " often have I looked at him, in the House of Lords, as he sat there in his. insignificance." Of one of the brotherhood of " De- moniacs "who met at Crazy Castle, Mr, Fitzgerald thus speaks:- " "Of the 'Demoniacs' was also the Reverend Robert Lascelles, one of the Harewood family-a sort of joker in orders, quite, after Mr. Sterne's own heart-a sort of Cervantic priest. He was known among the brotherhood under tho style and title or 'Panty,' which was complimentary to his powers of humour, but scarcely to his cloth-'Panty ' being a familiar contraction' from ' Pantagruel;' one of Rabe- lais' heroes. He is rarely, forgotten in Mr, Sterne's letters to the Abbot : ' Greet Panty most lovingly on my behalf.' * Salute. ami cum Panty meum, cujus literis, respondebo.' 'Panty' has a truly Cervantic chime, and does honour to Mr. Sterne's powers of adaptation. He seems to have been a smoker, too; from a pleasant jèu éCttprii his friend and host made upon what he called ' Panty's sweetheart,' who had —a light, wanton air. As stiff as a stake, and worse for the wear ; If her lips are like rubies and warm as a toast, Her face is as thin and pale as a ghost. If after all you are hard of belief, And would fain know her name, than turn over the leaf . And turning over the leaf, the answer is found in the shape of ' A CLAY PIPE ! '" The Club had worse members in it than Panty Lascelles ; but the brotherhood generally claimed to be quite as good as sny. of the outsiders by whom it was censured. Some of them were, In plain phrase, no better, than they should he. When Lady Elizabeth Hastings'was prepared to give £600 for founding an infirmary at York, Dr. Jaques Sterne dissuaded her from her design. The reverend and hyper-Tory divine prcfenedthat the sick should grow worse rsther than that they should be healed in an edifice the idea' : of building which came from a disloyal Whig quarter ! From such illiberality the Demoniacs were free, and lt must be confessed that they were hardly so bad as their name suggested. As for Dr. Jaques, be Quar- relled with his nephew Laurence because the latter was weary of writing anti-Whig paragraphs in the papers to please his uncle. But Laurence was not slow to note the peculiarities of a cer- tain honest Jacobite Dr. Burton, in York, and. to make him absurd and immortal (as Dr. Slop) in the life of "Tristram Shandy.'-' It was at this period the Shandean humour began to break forth, Here is a scene at York ' , ' "Entering 'The George,' we find Mr. Sterne sitting with a large company,' chiefly ' gentlemen of the gown,' listening with deep offence, to a smart young fellow scattering his flippances against the clergy and the whole personnel of religion-specially addressing himself to the hypocrisy of ministers.' At length, when he has made an end, he turns to our Laurence, and rashly and besottedly asks if he does not agree with him. Possibly he interpreted that Voltairean mouth as being sure to deal with Voltairean matter. With a twinkle of those eyes, and a lifting of the corners of that ace-of-hearts mouth, the young clergyman ignores the question utterly, and begins to describe a particular pointer of his, reckoned the most beautiful In the whole country, but which had one 'infernal trick,' of al- ways flying at clergymen. Here was warning for the incautious youth—here was mischief at the bot- tom of this apologue, and he should draw off while there is yet time. But he must put a question—from sheer embarrassment, perhaps : 'How long, sir, may he have had that trick ?- 'Sir,' replies the other (and we see Mr. Sterne taking his first Shandean summer- sault). ' ever since he was a puppy ! ' The witling was crushed, amid the tumultuous applause of gemtlemen of the gown.' The joke was presently, all over York- shire. People now begin to respect^even to regard with awe—the man who kept such dangerous petards by him, and will be cautious of offence. ' His house was pleasanter to him than the George Inn, after the birth, in 1747, of the Lydia whom he loved so well, certainly above any human creature besides. Yet he wandered, sentimentally, from his allegiance at home, and the quiet, yet self-willed, and unappreciating lady of it. Mr, and Mrs. Sterne un- doubtedly showed compatibility of temper' ; and from a wife, ' who had nothing' of the " sentimental '' in her nature. Sterne strayed,'to pay warm, sentimental homage where he had reason to think it would be acceptable. Such homage from the most startling, effective, and humorous preacher in the North, was not without great charms to, vflunfr -gma."ih riUk,"Catherine de Foumsntelíé, of-ia Sterne sunt little presents, and wrote letters' contriniea protestations of Jove, and his beat remembrahces to her mother. The remembrances balance the pro- testations,- for the letters wera received .under the mother's inaction, and she in those high-flown days stems to .have taken the exaggerated terms of affection, as mere soft nothings, rather of a friendly quality i than otherwise, and m nowise improper to be offered or received. Oh Sterne's side, it may be said, tha,t he revelled in a sentimental courtship of any wo »an who could appreciate lt, and he eared not to control, his sentimental feelings. In all of it, there, was s sort of euphuism, not to oe defended or permitted^ now, but in which there seems to have been no great hann then. Indecorous and dangerous it «ss, in theihigheet degree, but the parties concerned and the lookers-on did not think so. Such liberty taken at the present time, with, or rather against, the fitness of things would ruin the fair fame of the lady, and bring chas- tisement on the gentleman j bnt Sterna's philandering and tee- drinking, and- platonic intercourse, and highly .stilted love passages with his detr Bitty were public and uncensored. There may have been times when such sentimental wooing perhaps, disturbed a little the resole of a too roman tío lady, albeit her cavalier was old enough to be her father, but Sterne meant nothing by bis fine phrases, though he was fond of making them. In thie particular ease, the grave Huguenot mother was aa much to blame %s Sterne h ima ell. With him, li was the humour, the too warm humour, of the hour; but he tired of it when he got into the triumphs of Lindon life, in which " Kitty " herself would fain have shared a little. But, then, Sterne was not In the vein, and he quietly dropped even a formal correspondence with an ardent young lady, one of whose1 friends invented a scandalous story, as though the Yorkshire parson was blamable rather for terminating his amatory courtesy than for having commenced it, . How Kitty's friend manufactured material for a sinister biography of Sterne out of. these sufficiently unseemly paissges in his life, is thai told : " What was the ultimate destiny of 4 ¡Dear, dear Kitty'is not known; but Mrs. Weston,; the friend before alluded ; to, actually took- the trouble to in- dorse upon- tba. bundle of- letters' a strange and ghastly bit of romance- quite apocryphal-which is only worthy of notice for the purpose gf showing whst a curious, oon&diracy; there has boen to vilify the memory, of the great humourist In every-possible way. This precious blt of history, sets ont how Mr.' Sterne paid! his. addresses to her for fly* y MTS, then suddenly, deserted her, and ..married-. Mat Bterne. Tbatby.tbia cruelty she lost her wits, aod was taken over'to-Paris by her eldest sister to be .placed In a mad- house, in whichglooñry placó of confinement she died,. Mr. Sterne, ..however, daring some of -his .pleasant visits to Paris,, contrived to see her ; and with a practical eye utilised all' the sentiment In, the situa- tion, working lt up effectively in that well-known 'blt,VMaria of Moulines.' A referen cai, to a single date disposes^orthis clumsy .sensation' scene. Mr. Siena was married in 1746; and we fln'díMlse Four rnantelle, her. channa, intimate with him twenty years afterwards,' vis., hi 1760. No ons has Buffered so much from. these ;orum fabrications sa MrT Bterne. Think only of a .Mm...Weston' bsiogat thepains to put by utiajacres record for ¡seros mysterious pur These were soma; f of .fte. weapons "which Báñalos parried him.. í Beyeage smd;'8!andert .t.wUx-ruSans,' were jo .level af hU reputation.'' . , ',\ " .* ?Whílsthís petard , was lymg' by for ¡ future use. Sterne wu amusing- or nursing, bli wife, in York, where she lived £ú.thegay,wmtertini«(isiid where she also :suffered,from palsy.'. Tba, York retí-: dence too enabled^ him to conffde the education bf his daughter Lydia tb the headmasters that city' aflbrded. TJp' to this period. Sterne had little more than a wunty reputation, but in 17Ô0 hs published thaflrst three volara^ ofJTristxam as .s<mie ^ough^.InfamOua íor «var.' ' Mr) Kisg'èràld lights tra the.mystery'of; Dr. Kunasrrpklns and'his' habít>rocmbi¿g^ hairs'r^mif^^'O^^m^^ thaTnamb' iras¡ rnsantpr. ,tt¿£,^ Vho;/\walJtftlSïaW bf sitting : for hours ' tether condhng, th^ bäht of 'bis' * flames,. and picking out'thè;bsck hairs,with h]s.tStbV' ' The boôk.iaa|e a'wc^flTful seriss^loh all* orp fhj king dom. It íectived as many kicks a» ouetses from the critics, hot it esUblUMed'the reputation of the author 'as a man-who had:afuhd.of original'humour and a rare method of applybi¿the humour" and 'good thingsJ generally of others. Thé 'clergy were.'shocked in various way". Borne at the ' irreverence of the author, and some at his', impudence, in writing sneh a hook before ? he was fairly on his way to a bishopric "Get your prefer- ment first," said the Ker. Mr. Pothergiil, ." and then write, and welcome." The author himielf knew how to '.* puah" his Tenture, and Miss Fourmaatelle wrote letters, at his dictation, which announced to- her friends, aa from herself, that the story was a wonder- ' ful story, and that all the world was, or would be, med about it. When the author appeared in London, the whole body of wits, quality, philosophers, and celebrated fools, who dreaded tho .satire of Sterne, com bis ed, with few exceptions, tb render honour to the new great, and marvellously queer, man. . BUhop Warburton was'proud of the honour bf being made known to him, praised bis moral character, expressed admiration at his'genius-and denounced hirnpii-' vately as an ** irrevocable scoundrel," Nor was this ail. Lord Fsulconberg conferred on bim the perpetual Yorkshire curacy of Coxwold, and Sterne hinted to " dear Kitty," that he hoped one day. to enjoy happiness in.it with her; meanwhile, "my serrice to jour msmms." He waa to be seen every- where,' and often where eli rgyxnen should not be Been. He cracked excellent jokesat, rather than with, great ministers, he fluttered through the gay licentious throng at Ranelagh, he.sauntered in green-rooms, chatted with actieeies st the wings, lorded it in drawls g-roon>B, and almaitiustifled much scandal by his endless Indiscretions. But it was an age in which much was tolerated. . " «- ; "Therenever was snob license among the'shep- herds of the flock ; or such toleration in the flock for snob ahepherds. The example of the laity acted directly on the clergy, and that of the clergy reacted upon the laity. Thia joint .influence bore with it an accumulating Boan dal. There were parsons, like the Rev. HomeTooke, who flaunted abroad In gold laoe . and sky-blue and scarlet, snd #ho apologised to Wilkes, for having suffered ' the infectious' hand of a bishop to be waved over him- whose imposition, like the sop eiven.to Judas, is. only a signal for the devil to enter.* There were Duelling Parsons, like the. Rev. Mr. Bate, chaplain to a cavalry régissent,who'wentout' and was killed in fair duel ; * a most prornising young man,' said the papers with {commiseration. There were the clergymen known pleasantly as 'The Three Fighting Parsons-Henley, Bate,and Churchill; and ' Bruising' clergymen- like.the one mentioned in Mr. Grose's ' Olio/1' Strange indeed was the hearing of other pastors of souls, men who carried corkscrews In their pockets rather than prayer-books, . or those af a more pre- tentious ? and more earnest class, such ss Doddridge,' ' who could resd Prior's ' Wife of Bath ' aloud to young Hamish More,and laugh with her at tbs humour they found In it. When this state of things Is remembered,. I . Tristram Shandy* must not be judged by our pre- sent standard of morals. For the period in which It appeared the work was hot very indelicate. Bishops had it en their tables, young lsdies carried theyolumes in their pockets, snd Biahop Warburton gave them such warrant or warning as the lsdies could not un- derstand, by describing Sterne as the English Rabelais. On the other hand, hie astounding success was confessed by the very ill temper of some pf, his critics, and the evil influences of the surprising book were boldly denounced by a-Methodist preacher, who said "'Tristram* Is a book penned by the devil himself."' Sterne vron subsequent feme, u well u money, some , £480, by the publication of bia Hermons, and people ¡.who would not read " Shandy," eagerlyread, Yoripk's discourses, and adjudged the author to be a "good man." Of Yorick's identity some Christian folks were not well assured, or were 111 -stisfled, like the pielate who saw little use in an English edition of sermons by tho King of Denmark's jester I . Sterne( left Lindon In triumph ; but Cox wold, now fha chief sphere ofhls duties,'seemed dull end urinxojfitabia, As, Garrick remarked, "he 'degenerated m, London,like an ill-transplanted shrub. The incense ott fte great spoiled his head, as their ragouts had qpña his stomach." "j ..ji- lt cannot be said that Sterne altogether! neglected his clerical duties. If he. did, he could pisad episcopal sanction.. ."When he wrote to Warburton that he waa engaged on, two mofa roíanles of. * Tristram,' tba Bishop replied,." I em'glad to understand that you are ernployea again Sd joni' proper studies,'' If, on the other .band« ha seriously addressed tum ?elf to preaching^ sad turned to the profitable, account of bis'.. rieararsv the murrain among cattle, there were reverend ^gentlemen, Jilts Dodd, a little .later,' who .Unghsa'at him, m pamphlets, fox' orring OTig the low-of;;htf,^pw. Bat from duties of would not render tba ríirs^ bia daughter Lydia, who waa.the only acgéVhe could ever , see in church or hom*, he hastened to town with hi« . new volumes, and In search of tba new ovation which awaited him. The old triumphs returned with in- crease, and Sterns, was a greater "lion" than the young Bing. He was at the foot of the throne, in peeresses' boudoirs, at-the tables of the rich, who struggled tp léoure him, and bs was half mad sit the splendour, and half killed hy the mugue oí his 'triumphs.- Over1 everyoaejkave t¿B''profligateacrib biers,1* he wfthnprerne. Dodd, however, beat him in the riulplt. a When Yorick preached a charity sermon 1 at th* Foundling, he extracted'but a poor £66 from ,'hia'hf'arera : when Dodd preschsd at the Magdalen, for the benefit of .the reformed inmates, the plates wire brought up to him rich with ¿61000 ; but, then, Dodd used to exhibit the Magdalena themselves as paît of the attraction and teaching of the morning. After seven months rora taring of it, Sterne return ed to.Coxwpld, to find it duller than ever," in comparison with dear distracting London. "As to matrimony,*! . he wrote, "I should be a beast to' rsÜ at.it, for my wife is easy, but the world is not ; and had I stayed from her asecond longer, it would have been a burn- ing »hame,-«lae, she declares herself happier without me." We think that "my Lumley," of the spring- time of first love, may have had some contempt for* bim, but she went passively about all home dories, and Sterna did not always.irrite of her with respect, though he always showed the utmost anxiety that she should he provided with all shs wanted for bar com- fort. Of tbii, the evidence in the second, volóme is abandint ; and there ia proof, too, that for his, mother in Ireland, hs was not unconcerned. From home ba soon repaired to town again, with fresh volumes of ' Tristrsm,' and fresh appetite, feeble ss he ~~ - In constitution, for all the honours awaiting him. is on this occasion that he crossed the Channel and visited. Paris : sent it at once; and three years after, When-Garrick himself was travelling abroad, . tba aotor got very dis- turbed about thia sum, which he had not as yet been repaid ; and wrote home narvooily about it, 11 hope Becket has stood my friend about what he ought to haye received for. me some time ago, I bad a draught upon him from Stems, ever duce ha went abroad : pray hint this to him, but tell him not to be ungentle Character,-yet always tempered with .a steady good and firmness.'* i. success . In. Paris was no less than that which bsd more than ones greeted his reception in London. He stood among crowds of wits, and took all their points In his hookier easily. . Ono of them, indeed, mistook him for Baudot's Yorick, but this waa, perhaps, only in joke :- " : > ? I In this new whirl, he .did not forget those he had ' left behind. He found tims to sand to bis bankers, day siter day, for letters from his wife,'and was reatiy ? distressed . at their Irregular ' arrival. r found time also to writs long, affectionate ' "ig letters, in his- most graphlo. (peat' fire thavhad. broken out during the fair bf BL QtTToain, . which had consumed all the wooden booths, in a few hours, with all their contents, and how *. hundreds, of unhappy peoplaaro now going ervin* along tba sheets, ruW.toMy.'. He gives a Ilttfa sketch bf the, fahr, yrh^.wAÍ built ¡upon a spot of ground covered and tOM aad^sa Targe as the Minster yard, and. divided Into AopSj.fcd/ftrmedintó little.' . streets like a» town. In rratotnÄ*.. The poor trades^ '. men bad to fly thxougv t)fii streets from, these' wooden structures, feftrdr sb$ts, .'.' ,0 /. ees' momtntt de. malhtw- ion*.¡rwyVíia*/',said, the buber' who came.to .shave,.^Btejw^tha.náxt^^noiiánigí''(he"' would have it ritten ..tnu.'impasalÓM^ mors 5brnojIy)(î ,t(.'snd'. "the go^netured, fellowVW, tered 4*.,with ' so moving an faccsnt,/fAhr1^I..conJ4; have, found it ;Ih/ir)y( heart to.have cried over.', tba' perishable?. ahd./uaoerf^.Vteñnret bf 'every /good In this life/.';,' lt nuke* a regato.pistare in;this ' ru^ Sentimental Xoujney; ' It ls also a fair jeÄtsäonJ of such u-wouH^iiunat^Mx^Bteriie!^ mbr^ capital udf ohipp'drllroe'b tears. For 'th«e tó wí^ thü'l^ .wi, were}* yUÜRjtfí^^ : behind-tbe scenes, and on whom it would bo acircely -worth tho' trouble to impoaé;" ' The Shandean rasesl-tóuch ii amusingly maniieit in the allowing passage :- t ? "Ho had. grown vt ry intimate, too, with the younger'Crebilf on-the free-and- easy author of tbe ' Sofa ' and ' Lea Egareménswhom a romantic Bnglhh 'girl was by-end-by to come over and marry, incited by the perusal of those questionable xbmancea. So intimate, indeed, was Mr. Sterne ? and the French Sentimentalist,, that, the result was the extraordinary and .truly Shandean con- tract which if it had been carried ont, would have been one of the oddest literary cnriosltira conceivable. He was to write - an expostulatory letter' to his English friend ' upon the indecorums of T. Shandy,' to which Sterne waa ti> tipotier by ' recrimination upon the hbsriies in his own works-these are to be printed together. CxehUlon against Sterne--Sterne" against Crebillon, the copy to be sold, and the money equally divided. . This is goed Swiss policy.*' This «conven- tion wes, however, never carried out. ' Perhaps the Frenchmen was lazy,' as Mr. Sterne, indeed, antici- pated he might he. "Still wo may discover in this * convention' a figure of the true relation of Mr. Sterne towards hu contemporaries and his contem- poraries' writing-who might also * ba anewered by recrimination upon tho liberties in their own works.' " ? After Paris, commenced that journey to the south of France, some incidents of which the readers of "Tristram" will well remember. In this journey he Is accompanied by bis wife and daughter. He was a {loor invalid then, having broken a vessel in the ongs, no unusual cal ami ty with him, sad nearly died of it But he was full of genial kindness, apparently, for his fellow- travellers, with whom he sojourned at Montpellier, till the medical men there, having mulcted him to the utmost, without profit to bim, ordered Yorick home. Mrs. Sterna was determined to stay two or three years more In France ; in which, "I am truly passive," says he, with the exception that he would rather have his daughter with him in England. His way thither lay through Paris. "One Sunday,Mr. Sterne was Invited to preach before the Ambassador. On a Sunday in January the little chapel in the Faubourg St. Honore, 'pres bar- rière du louvre,' had echoed the doll utterances of a Br. Trail, who wearied Wilkes sadly. But now it waa filled to overflowing with the most, motley crowd. .It msy be questioned if it ever held such a congrega- tion j there were all nations, .believers and unbe- lievers, Humee, Diderote, D'Holbschs, all gathered to hear famous Psrson Yorick. The sermon was worthy of the occasion, and was perhaps UIB strangest of all his étrange sermons. He selected Hezekiah (' an odd subject, you and mother will say/ he wrote to Lydia) - and giving out. the following text - 'And he asid, What have they aten ia thine house? And Hezekiah answered, AU the things that are in mine house have they seen:-therels nothing among all my treasures that I have not . ? audience with, ' And say, in all this?' Hi r_ __ the whole story In i pleasant difOQUrse, admirable In style, and very prac- tical in tone.. Nothing can be more admirable than hie remarks on the motive of human actions." As husband and father Sterna showed his anxiety that wife and child should be well eared for, and guarded against every unpleasant contingeaoy while, they were away from him. Nevertheless, rather old af - he was growing now. in 17M ha made sentimental love to any lady who had charms and good-nature, and he wrote to the rather easy Lady Percy In terms which might come from a gay Strephon rather than from a minister of the Gospel, His health failed faster than bis spirits, and once more he obtained episcopal leave of absence, and went on that course of travel à fragment of which is so well known to us lu the ' Sen- timental Journey.' No part of it Ia better known than that which refera to Sterne's room, No. 31, at Dea- lt in's hotel, Calais. How many have visited that hotel solely that they might dream, and meditate, and draw good or weak inferences touching Yorick I-not one of them being, apparently, the least aware that >' about a year after Sterne'r death, the famous Senti mental Inn was burnt to the ground." , Of coarse anew " Sterne's room ''-who forgets lt ?,-was con- structed In tbe new building, which has now. ceased to be used sa sn hotel. Mr- Fitzgerald tilos trates the journey onward with ability, and adds Slessure 'of seeing his wife and girl. , But ri ava infinite trouble m noding them. They had been chsnging their place of abode again and again, and he had literally to track them through hali a-dozen towns, rrceiving news of thant at each. He found them at the end In Franck* Condi. Themetting after this long absence, seems to have been most affec- tionate. - 'Poor woman Y said Mr, Sterne,; describing it, 'she waa very cordial, fcc' (how Shandean are these L^^s^With hn daughter he was delbrh^, s^d found /Bténtr.'with^Br old'moUacretlonî "would!not return" to England as yet, and waa moat anxious to'stay an- other year or so.' But she remarked a great change In bim, and was at ruck with his look ot ill-health ; and, in' fact, ha .left her. truest melancholy on that account,* . A mere practical testimony of har anxiety far» ?. . . The sick wife,- with her daughter, subsequently established thernselves in Avignon (the latter having many a wooer who1 went no further than the wooing), and-Sterne retmned to Coxwold, ill in health, bat with energy-bf spirit to continue "Tristram, and with jost power tb drag himself up to London to see- his hook published ; after which he rallied, and fell into philandering era he died, Mean- while, It must be reasserted, that he exhibited neither IndifTertnce nor negligence tn furnishing bis wife and child with every appliance that could render their lives comfortable. But, in tba meantime too, ap- peared in Landon (bat beautiful and intelligent young" wife of Mr. Draper- the latter far away, ¿2 Bombay, With this lady, the memorable Eliza, Yorick fell Into : the profoundest of his sentimental passions, despite | bis being almost old-enough to be her grandfather. He made no secret of hie feelings, he talked of her aod wrote to her in terms of the very wann est fervour, mingled with advice such as a paternal old friend might give. He seems to have thsogbt that there was no more harm in hil claiming tba exercise of bis right aa a privileged sentimentalist than there was merit in exhorting her to follow the Ílath of duty always, and to give «very honest man of ealing the opportunity of at once respecting and loving 1 her; Meanwhile, he pours out a torrent of love, apsou ; latte upon what rnlght happen If he were a widower and Mr. Draper were defunct ; and anon he ia. fervent In ghostly counsel and in righteous exhort a'ions, and not earing that his philandering bad reached the ears of his own absent lady. '? When Mrs. Draper sailed for Bomber; the hearts of the sentimental pair were all but cruaheaVaäd the foundations were laid of a story not creditable''tb the half-dead creature who played such antics when a lady was willing to give him per- rott-sion-. " While sha wss staying at Deal, Mr. Stems wrote her a sketch of a famous character which seems a per- fect serfs d* vtriis of a figure belonging to the Augustan Ago of English letters. Old Lord Bathurst, whs. after the Swifts, Addisons, and Steeles, had dropped away, had lingered until he found the strange faces ; of'i new generation about him-was still to be seen In ; London drawing-rooms, * a prodigy ! for at eighty-five he baa all the wit and promptness of a man of thirty ! -a disposition to be pleased,' and a power to please ! others-added to which, a man bf learning, courtesy, ! sad feeling.' With him was the name of Eliza to bs 1 easodated- and lifted into a fine classical atmosphere. On an occasion when Mr. Sterne waa at the Prince of Wales's levee, this ancient nobleman came up 1 introduced himself. 'I want'fe know you. Mr. Sterne,' be said ; ' but it Is flt you should also know who it ls who wishes'ibis pleasure. You here beard,' continued hs, ' of 'that old Lord Bathurst, of whom your Popes and Swifts have sung and spokes, sb much. I haye lived my life with geniuses of that oast, bat baye survived them { and despairing ever to find ?their equals-'tia .soma years'I dosed my ao o^br and 'shut,up ray books...^.but ton have Jdndled »desire in me to open them once niora before I dis, which I naw dc-«0 go horne and ding with ms.' .It wis hard to resist this compliment 1 so Mri Sterne went herne and-dined with (he pétísxohál Hsecènai; ' There was only one other gusst of tha- nes)*,m. ha * a Tiers** 'cf Saosfb&ty; '--end finding hhñíelf m a connais! atmosphere-«nd on * bini; ! p^haps¿rf.th¡a old Lord's sr ta thé loves of the TJbx "ÍSftí.VSf *?* Mr..*ûpe; ox an sHusioa to. Stalls anaih.-Bwiit^Mr. Sterne s>vs them th« whwe story ypbmf Ino>n^Vvras about to embark. -He' dwelt on her more than an hoar, and with snob ?;tfleet ss to interest¡the wholé'party; Tb« 'good old Lord' toasted'her three thnes, ana said he hoped to livéi long enough notjmly to knew hex, but to see her ' * eclipse all other Natches*** as much In' wealth ai she already does hi erteríór.'' And almost sentí-' mrátsl afternoon till nins o'clock hive wo psased;''" ' . . Almost the last Words ba wrote ta, VUse.'wexe, Beyerence thyself." After his death, Hrs: Draper ,rttnrr^ to Friand, ihowtd hU Utten pobUcly. and 0u^sl«ry soli tiem>> :bcokieUef, whb 'tírbtad i^^^i^^r^^^^tí^' -About £YpricVs>at y«gatfc^;iá.aeTn«fó^ melancholy. From hi» dull lodgings in Bond-street he travelled down to Coxwold, lika a hale of eada-. verona gooda ; " began to yearn for the doing of better things then he had- done, and wu oppressed by the disquieted heart with which he had to reason. He had a flash of-cemfort, however, in once more meeting bis wife end daughter at York, to the gaieties of which he left them while he ventured once more to London, to publish his last volume. While he lay Ul, in Bond.atreét, he wrote tender letters bewailing the absence of Lydia. A pleurisy at lut laid bold of his emaciated frame, and .the end came before proper aid could reach him. Alone with a'woman who stole his shirt-studs while she moved bia, and stared at by a footman, who hid been lent by a rollicking dinner-psrty near to influiré after him, Yorick died, with the cry, " Now, ¡rb corar," The day wu the 18th of March, 1768, and on the day of his burial the " body-snatchers ' ere Mid to have "lifted" him, and Mr. Colignon, Professer of Anatomy at Trinity College, Cambridge, to bave dissected the corpse. Near the grave where he wu once laid, two foolish Freemasons erected a foolish memorial. The mother and daughter were ill at eue, but Yorkshire subscriptions did for them what crest London friends neglected to do; and they both finally settled in France, which was especially dear to , Mrs. Sterne. There she died before the year 1776, , and there LT dis, the wife of a M. Medalle, is be- ¡ tiered to have perished in the storm of the great Re- volution. ... We have epaee only to add, that Sterne s character hu never been so impartially dealt with as in these volumes. He Is not judged apart, bat placed with his contemporaries, whose manners and morals we see, and are thereby the better enabled to agree with Mr. Fitzgerald In his general opinion of the great humourist. Sterne wu not altogether a scamp nor. altogether a hero.' He wu a man who had good stuff in him had" he only cared or known how to use it. His head wu overpowered hy his impulsive heart ; hut they who aspire to teach, or even amuse, man- kind are not justified in allowing their judgment to be overcome by their feeling*. 