NEW SOUTH WALES. We have Sydney papei'3 to the 14th inst. . The following are extracts! THE LATE REV.. JOHN ALLEN MANTON.-The remains of tho Rev.'John Allen Manton were in- terred iu the Wosleyan cemetery, Parramntta.'on Saturday afternoon. Mr. Manton was one of tho oldest Wesleyan ministers in the Australian colonies, and his piety, ability, and devotion have endeared his name tJ that demonstration. Mr. Manton was held in the highest estimation, and it need hardly be said that his death is deeply de plored, moro especially by the members of his own communion. Tho deceased gentleman carne to the colony in the year 1831, and after laboring for a year or two ntParramatln, ho was stntioucd in Tasmania. Mr, Manton's ministrations at Mac- quarie Harbor, a settlement ou the western const of the island, and at Fort Arthur, on the southern coast, were attended with the most gratifying and successful results. For many years Mr.M.mton was tho president of nortoiiOallege.a'training establish- ment in the interior of the island,which he organised nnd.brougbt to a vory prosperous maturity. About fivo yoars ago Mr. Manton returned to this colony, aud took charge of the Newington Collegiate institution from its initiation. Ile rendered im- portant and valuable service to the Wesleyan Ohnroll in those colonies in the formation aud di- rection of those educational establishments. Mr. Manton becamo seriously unwell about six mouths ngo, and ho diod at half-past five o'clock on Friday morning of dropsy! supervening on disease of the heart. The deceased wn9 in- the fifty-eighth year of his age and the thirty-fifth' of his ministry. After a short service, conducted at Newington, on Saturday, tho funeral procession left for Parra- matta nbont two o'clock, and arrived at the chapel at half past (bree. The coffin having been carried into the chapel, portions of the burial service wero read by the "liev.'S. Rabone, prayer being offered by tlio Rei'.'5,G. Hurst. The Rov. It. ' Mansfield delivered a brief address on tho occasion, which ho said was one peculiarly touching tn his feelings, as it was deeply impressivo on the honrts of his hearers. Thirty-throo yoars ago it was his privi- lege to number the dopirted among his choicest friends, and throughout '.that long interval all that he had seen and heard nnd known of his departed brother had but served to-confirm the prepossossions which the earliest moment of their acquaintance produced, to deepen his boart's love for him, mid to raise him still higher in his esteem and respect. In tho strictest and noblest sense of tho term, without ndulation, be was a good ¿man and full of the Holy Ghost. Did 'it not seem a mysterious providence that his ripor years, years when nil li ¡3 moral powers seemed to have reached their fullest vigour-when he was called to occupy an important sphere-that nt that critical period in his interesting history, the last enemy should bo permitted to lay bold of bim and drag him down Co the mansions of tho dead ? For him to live undoubtedly was Chirst, and for him to die was rich surporlntivo gara. The rev. gentleman remarked on the Christian's'power' to triumph over death, and ho asked were they not reminded of their mortality ? " Our fathers, where nro thoy ? tho prophets-do they live for ever ?" Death caine into their sacred ranks and took hold of one and anothcr.saying to those who survived, " Prepare to moot thy God.', The preacher then earnestly exhorted the youthful portion of his auditory to make their calling and election sure. Thoy hail seen how Christians ^llved in the example of their dear preceptor, over whose ashes thoy mourned ; and they bud seen bow ho died, triumphing in redeeming love, hnppy in the clear and cloudless prospect of immortality, and be beckoned them to follow. (Let them all gird them- selves anew to the fightoffaith.nudsogathcrundcr the banners of the Cross, that ore long victory might crown their brows. Tho sorvico, lit which thero was a good number of persons present, having been concluded, the body was borne to the hearse, mid at twenty minutos past .! o'clock the procession moved Blowly forwatd to tho graveyard. Tho students of the college went first, next followed mlulstors of the denomination with other persons'.who walked, and they wero succeeded by the hearse, the mourn- ing coaches, aud a long train of other vehicles. Tho route taken was along Ohuroh-streat, and most of the shops in that thoroughfare wero partly closed. Besides the clergymen already named, there were present tho Rev. It. L. King (Church of England) and the following ministers of the Wesleyan com- munion :-The Revs. B. Chapman, J. Bickford, W. Curuow, R. W. Vmiderkiste, W. S. Brookes, G. Martin, J. Oram, C. W. Rigg, and- Mooro. Among the laymen who attended woru tho Mayor of Sydney, the Hon. George Allon, M.L.C. ; Mr. J. Caldwell, M.L.A.; Mr. W. Love, M.L.A.; Dr. Moffitt, and . Moisrs. 3. and W. Byrnee. The graveyard was reached shortly boforo 5 o'clock, aud the remaining ' sontences of the burial service wero there read by thu Rev. S. Rabone. Tho mourners lingered around the grave for awhile, and then sorrowfully dispersed. TUE EUMRATES.-DEATH OF MR. LEAU APPA, The following is tho copy of a letter received by the Bombay Mail from tho Chinese passengers who left Sydney by the Euphrates, addiossed to Messrs. Chen Ateak, Pan woo, Sin Kon Lee, and other CUineso merchants residing in this city.-About five weeks after IoavingSydnoy, some of tho passen- gers found that a lot of thei.' provisions had boen stolen. Mr. Leau Appa was a^ked to speak to the captain on Ibu eubjoct. Tho captain caused the forecastle to bo searched, and a quantity of our provisions wns found in uno of tho bunks ; some of tho sailors were put in irons for about three hours. On tho following morning two Chinese, who wero sick, wero Rittitig ou deck, whon some of tho sailors throw buckets of wnter over them. This causod a quarrel between the passengers and crow, which Mr. Leau Appa succeeded in settling. Nexe morn- ing, about five o'clock, tho chief officer wantod all the passengers to come on deck ; ha did uot say what they wero wanted for, so uoue of thom tnrnod out, except two, whoso duty it was to miiko toa tbat morning. Whon Mr. Loan Appa heard the mate's order he got up and loft his cabin to seo why the men wero ordered on deck. Tho chief officor had a revolver in his baud at the lime, und shot Leau Appa, who immediately died. On hearing the report Mrs. Leau Appa rushed out of her cabin, but the chief ollicor told her to romain where she was or ho would shoot her also. The two who wero on dook ran below, and the crew wero at onco ordored to insten down the hatches; aud for threo days the sovoiity-oight pas- sengers wero kept without either food or water. Oa the fourth day the captain allowed two of the men on deck to oook two moats a day. Tho rest of the men wero kept bolow over a fortnight. When the ship nrrivad at Copung tho captain put us all in gaol, tolling tho Dutoh Consul that we wanted to tako the Bhip. He gave all our gold and money up, to.the oonsul and sailed,immediately. Next day. ??-> ?'?'------" .??Il .11. If.. we were, brought before the magistrate, but when he was told that we were men from the Australian gold-fields and the amount of gold we had, he did not believe what the captain said against us, and forwarded us by a steamer to Singapore. On arriving there, Hoo Took Kee,a wealthy merchant, chartered a sailing vessel for us. We arrived in Hongkong on the 20th July. The Euphrates was in a week before us. We engaged a barrister to take up our case, and will be able to send all par ticulars next mail. In the meantime our gold is ia the hands of the Government of Hongkong. MORE BUSHRANGJINQ.- Once moro the cry of bushrangiug in these districts is raised, and again it has been exemplified how cavalier is tbo treat- ment meted out to the knights of the road in Queensland. Some time back; a loafing vagabond called at Mr. Anderson's public-house, at Herbert's Creek, and (uo particular ottention boing paid to him) managed to pilfer from the box of one of tho domestics, a bank deposit receipt for £12. He then stole off on a horse belonging to Mr. Teage, sup- plying himself with a saddle, bridle, ko., the pro- perty of Mr. Nolan. For three weoks, during which intelligence of these robberies was circulated, the thief did not reappear, but ou Saturday last, he rode into Mr. Phillip Hardy's house-the Shearer's Arms, at Knebsworth-and exclaiming that ho was Ben Hall, bouncingly fired three or four shots off. Mr. Hardy, watching his opportu- nity, administered a leaden pill to the rear of the soi-disant Mr. Hull, and tbo latter falling down was instantaneously collared by a couple of men in the bar and placed in a room, the door of which ivas duly locked. Mr. Hardy And the others then went I out to look fer their.horses but upon their return found that the bird bad flown. Intelligence of the outrage was brought to town on SuuJuy night by Mr. Fyfe, and tiansmitted at once to the Sub Inspector of Police, who lost no time in acting thereon. Mr. Teago's horse was recognised by Mr. Hardy directly the man drew up at the door, and if further elucidation of the identity of the man witli the person who committed the robbery at Mr. Anderson's wero wanting, ample proof was found in the discovery on his porson, when first secured, of the .£12 bank receipt before alluded to.-Rock Iiampton Bulletin. MORGAN SHOOTS ANOTHER POLICEMAN.-It would appear from the following paragrnph.wbich we take from Wednesday's Border Posi, that Moigan has altered his tactics, and iu place of endeavoring to escape to South Australia has returned to the field of his former exploits :-"This morning (Tuosday) sergeant Smith, of the Albury police, met the notorious Morgan about forty- five miles from Albury, on Mr. Green's station. The sorgeant called on him to surrender, and Morgan at once fired, wounding him ia the back. It is feared that the wound is dangerous. A message had arrived at Albury for Dr. Wilkinsou. It id somewhat remark- able that the wound the constable received was in the buck; it is probable he found his adversary too well armed for him, and that several shots had bcon fired, after which Smith bent a retreat." 