KIND WORDS SAVED HIM. Bv T. 8. Abthue Tin: car stopped, and the young man entered. He did not look to be over twenty ycar6 of age. Glances were exchanged between three or four gentlemen and ladies, from caoh of whom the young man received a very cold nod. There was not so much as the ghost of a smile on any one of their face* ; but rather austere re* pioof, Tbe new pa6*engcr flushed a little at finding so many p- rron* in tbe car with whom he had some acquaintance, and all disposed to let him feel that he mast keep at a distance. lie sat down clocc bceide a ludy who had recognised him ; but aho did not addrtffi him a single word, and rather loaned away from than toward him. 44 A pleasant morniog.' tbe ronng man said to the ladv* ' Quite pleasant.' * bbedid not do eo much as turu ber head, but drew herself up with the air of one who felt the remark as an intrution. The young man said no more, bnt eat very still, with a gradually clouding face, and a severe, almost desperate expression passing into bis lightly closed lips. Conversation, which bad been checked by his entrance, flowed on again. The gentlemen and ladies talked cheerfully together; but no one addressed a remark to the young man, who, it was evi dent, bad some taint of bad conduct about him, which now erected a barrier between him and former friends and acquaint ances. The ear stopped again, and this time a lady passenger entered. She nodded and smiled to moat of those who had recognised the young man, and then, taking a seat behind him, and offering her hand, which he took, said, in a kind, interesting voice— 44 How do you do, Charles 1' The warm blood mounted to the boy'* face— he was only a boy, Set, unfortunately, with a man's freedom and self-confidence— as e answered — 44 Very well, Mis. Elder ; thank you,' His eyes filled suddenly with ligbt, and hie rigid lips parted with a emile as soft and as gentle as a woman'*. Ibe other passenger*, who had 44 cut' the young man, ex changed surprised and questionable glances. 44 You haven't called to see me for some time, Charles,' said the lady* 'Howie this? Old friends must not be wholly set aside for new ones.' 44 1 have been neglectful, and I am ashamed ef it, Mrs. Elder,' was replied, and in a way tbat showed the young man to be gratified by the manner in which the lady had addressed him ; and I'm going to call very eoon.' 44 II ow toon ?' 14 This week, sometime.' 44 Why not aay this evening ? I shall be at borne.' 44 This evening then, if it a ill be agreeable, Mrs. Elder.' 14 That's right. It will be pleasant for me to sec your face again in my bouse, Charles. You mu&ta;'t neglect me bo again, if I'm getting to be an old woman. 1 shall grow jealous of your younger and more attractive friends.' 44 There is no occasion for you to be jealous of any of my yoang friend*, Mrs. Elder, They can never take your place in my heart— never !' The young noon said this .with evident feeling ; then adding, as be arose— 14 Good morning ; I must leave you here,' and he made a sign for the conductor to stop the car. 44 Good morning, Charles,' said the lady, kindly giving her hand at the same time* 44 And don't forget that I am at home tLis evening.' 44 1 shall not forget tbat, Mr*. Elder, you may be sure,' And without even glancing toward tbe other passengers in the city railroad cor, who bad treated him so cuidly, he stepped upon the platform, and thence to the euect. As the bell sounded for the car to move on again, a lady turned to Mrs. Elder and said, w ith a very grave countenance— 14 Are you aware how badly tbat young man has been conduct ing himself of late ?' 'Ihsve heard some thing* about him,' was replied, 44 tbat caused me great pain,' 41 Why, be was seen actually staggering in the street no later than last week !n said the lady, in virtuous indignation, 4- Foor boy !' Mrs. Elder spoke in a tone of deep pity, 44 And worse than that ! He has been seen iu company with persons of not orioutly vicious habits. The i&ct; is, he is going to ruin as fast as his feet can carry him,' 44 1 hopo not,' replied Mrs. Elder. 44 He may havo gone astray from weakness— poor motherless boy I— not, 1 am sure, from an evil proclivity. And now is the time to put forth a hand to save him, instead ef pushing him ofl coldly. Are oil without sin all without some sad memory of straying— that we visit a boy's first evil wajs in such stern, repelling displeasure!' 44 Conduct llkt Mb,' spoke up a gentleman, 44 must meet with disapprobation. If you smile upon him, anu tolerate him, aa of old, he will think his sin a light one ; but if he discovers, at once, that he must lead a good life, or forfeit the approval and society of the virtuous, ho wifi be made fully aware at tbe onset of tho loss or gain involved. I think, to speak freely, Mrs, Elder, that yon did wrong to meet him in the free, kind way you did, and in vite bim to visit you as of old.' 11 Do you think an evening spent with me likely to make bim wcree or bctti r ?' asked Mrs Elder. 44 No worse, certainly,' was answered. 44 Yet be might spend the evening In company with those who could not (ail to do him good,' 44 Yes.' 44 1 want no other argument in favour of what I havo dono. It is in the quality of social life whioh surround* a young man that we must look, in the main, for the causes of his elevation or de pression, If, because of a single wrong step— or for many wrong steps— taken in the blind heat of youth, we thrust him out from virtuous associations, do we not make bis return to right paths a thowand times more dlfflcultf Depend upon It, these wander ing once can be reclaimed much easier by the attractive forco of loving kindness, than by the stern visitation of penalties, whioh they may feel as disproportionate to the evil thing done.' 44 He can never vieit my house as of old,*' add another of the ladles in the oar, speaking in an indignant manner, 41 The last time 1 had company, he was there, and became so much intoxi cated during the evening as to annoy every one* I was really mortified at his oompany.' It was on the Up of Mr*. Elder to aay -that she trusted the lady would keen her resolution ; hat she forbore. As Cfafttles Tlldon, the yoang man to whom we have referred, was going home in the evening, he met a young friend* who greeted mm warmly. '1 *aa ju*t thinking of yon, Charley,' h« said, as they stood with cliRpcd hands, 4i There'* to be some sport to-atght. and yon mart enjoy li with tbe rest,' ? « of ? P°rt 1' 'ted Tllden. Just ln-yow-liho*'1 and 0Ttlen and ohampigne afterwards— all 44 Who make np the party t' wi » °°ltTO lhroe- Ft'' follow., *? jou Mflen WMnhoutjUUtn, his .went. to loin the part. when h. remembered his promt') to o-U soil see Mrs. Elder. Then there arose a debate in his mind as to nhich he shaald foreva The .vtsltnould bo paid to Mrt. Elder on almost any evening ; but this convivial party must be Joined to-night, or not at all. The temn UtloD to tveak his promise wan strong. He liked billiards * and oysters and wine wore strongly alluring to his sensual annMltsa Still he could not satlriy his mind thatlt would be right tobreak his promise to Mrs Elder, particularly as ahe appeared to be the only one of many friends and acqQ&lnt;&nQee; who had not grown suddenly cold to him As to the reason of this ohange he was r.ot in ignorance. He knew that he was 44 getting a Utile astray ' jib be mildly termed it ; bnt flattered himself that any eerioos danger was remote ; and wbb rather more indignant than repent ant at the mortifying 44 cots ' which be had received from certain people, who had once given him freely the cnireo of their homes. 14 1 believe, ' eaid he, aiter standing silent for a few momenta, 44 tbat I exu engaged for this evening '* 44 I'm sorry for that, Charles,' replied the other, in a tone of regret. 44 what is tbe engagement T' 44 1 promised to call on Mrs, Elder to-night.' 41 Ob ( is that ell ! Hang Mre. Elder. Tne idea of a gay young chap liko you giving un billiards, oysters and ohampagne for an old woman's company I Tbat ie what I call rich.' Mrs. Elder and the mother of Tilden bad been friends In girl hood, ond their friendship had continued a closely clinging band Up to the hour of Mrs. Tllden'a death, which took plaoe Hourly ten year* before the period of which wc are bow writing, Charles, who still retained a vivid reooileclion of his mother, knew of this warm attachment, and tbe knowledge of it hsd always served to draw him with something like affection towards Mrs, Elder. Re loved her with a kind cf filial love: for bo always seemed nearer to the sainted one when by ber filao Now, this light speeob of his young frlc-cd, instead of producing the effect designed* w rought only in the opposite dlreolion. Charles felt shocked at hearing tbe nume of Mrs. Elder spoken so Irreverently— and more particularly coat this time, when she, of all the old circle, was nearly the only one who still offered him her hand, or spoke to him in the tones of kindness and welcome. 44 1 shall keep my promise to Mrs. Elder,' he answered, firmly. 'No! You're not such a fool aa tbat,' said the ether coarsely* 41 Yes, just such a fool, if you will,' replied Charles, 44 ay word fa passed to Mrs. Elder, and it shall not be broken.' 44 Thank God !' said Charles, as ho walked away, and the reool lcction of two or three evenlnge, like tbe one in vfow, came vividly to bU mind— 41 thank God that 1 had sufficient resolution to ray no 1 1 do not think tho way ]Q6t cafe for my feet- Mora than once, already, have 1 slipped in this way— slipped and fcllen into tbe mire.' And he drew a deep breath, with a sense of relief. 44 Ah, Charles, it is pleasant to see you here again/4 said Mrs. Elder, with the blandest of welcoming smiles, as she took the young Dion's Land that evening. 44 Your mother's eon must not desert an old friend* How have you been during these many weeks t' 44 About as well as U6ual,' replied Charles. But Mrs, Elder, w hofc eyes were reading every line of his face, misted something tiom bis oountenBnce, and she also missed something from his voice. 44 As happy as ureal!' ahe asked. The question, altogether unexpected, made Charles drop hi* eyes to tbe floor. Looking up in a moment, ho answered— 44 No; not so happy as I have been. Is it different with any9 Mrs. Elder. Do we not grow sadder as we grow older !44 44 Not if we grow wiecr and better,' she replied. He looked down to tbe floor again, but made no reply. 44 At your ago, Charles,' eaid Mrs. Elder, 41 when the feeling* arc warm, the appetite keen to relish every indulgence* and reason not firmly seated on his throne, there arc few who do not fall into some excess. But it is a law of oar being, that excesses of any kind bring punlshmini with them. Tbcy always leave the- mind oppressed with a sense of wrong-doing, and a conscious nr 66 that something of true manhood has departed. How is it in yoor experience! Arc my words true!' An involuntary rigb parted the lips of Charles, as be answered* 44 They are true, Mrs. Elder— true ia my cⅇ I speak it with shume,' The young man lost his calm self- possession, and showed considerable agitation. 44 It I» not surprising then, Charlie, that you grow sadder as you grow older,' said Mrs. Elder, speaking with even a tenderer interest than before. 41 Your experUnce is that of every young man who has gone one step away from the right path. The evil thai entices, with its offer of wild pleasure iu the present, has no cp ale to dull the pain of eelf-cODEcioosnees after the brief ox* ciiermnt is over.' The face of Charles was very sober. True words were reaching bim with convictions. He saw in the light or another mind that wbb helping him to a clearer vision. Vice looked more hideous in his eyes, and more to be dreaded, than it had ever done ; and virtue more beautiful and more to be desired* 44 Suppose you were on a journey,' eaid Mrs. Elder, 'and were to miss your way, and get into a road tbat seemed at first parallel with the right one, but which gradually turned until it ran in the opposite direction— When would the return be easiest t After the first few steps bad been taken 1 or after you had moved, onaard for a great while iu tho wrong direction !' 44 Easiest after the first few steps, cf course,' replied the young man. 44 It i* just eo in the journey of life, Charles,' said Mrs. Elder, w ith imprcfc6ivc earnestness. 44 Tbe longer yoar feet abide in the wrong way, the harder will it be to return. Tbe first few steps may be easily retraced ; but if you get once involved in the mnzes ot an evil life, you will find it hard— nay, almost impossible— to extricate yourself, 6cc what difficulties you have already en countered.' 44 1 have encountered no difficulties, Mre. Eider,' said the young man 44 You forget,' ehe answered. 41 When the virtuous tarn from as coldly, anil refuse to let as associate with them, in not that a great hindrance ? Docs it not push us beyond the attractive power of good, and make the attractive power or evii stronger t You muBl have felt this already, Charles; for I know that more than ore circle of tbe virtuous has closed against you.' The youog men's face crimsoned. 44 1 ao not wish to hurt or offend yoa, Charles,' continued Mrs* Elder. 44 1 am only trying, as beet I can, to make yon see upon what dangerous ground your feet are standing. When once you comprehend ibis, I am certain you will start back with a shudder of fear. Already there is a shadow on your good character* Even as youT feet stcppid over the threshold of mankind, you let a stain appear on yoar garments, and it has been made visible to many who will not fail to point it out, unless speedily removed* M oth tt off, my dear young friend.' 44My wise, good, true frieDd,' said the yoang man, c&tohiog; at tbe bar.d of Mrs Elder, and showing strong emotion, 44 1 seem, to hiar in your voice that voice of my mother ! And 1 will take heed to the warning words yon have spoken kindly, even as my mother would have spoken them. It was a good Provi dence that sent you into that car to-day. I was hurt and indignam, and growing hard and desperate under the cold re pulsion with which tbe persons you saw there treated me. Your face, smiling on me aa of old : your kind v-ice; the earnest preteure ot your hand ; tbe warmly urged invitation to visit you* restored me to better feelings. It was in God's mercy that I pro mised ; for ns I walked homeward this evening, a temptation came in my way, which, except for my promise to you* could not fanve been resisted. It can, I trust, havo no power over me again ; for, through your clearer eyes, I see nay danger as I never raw it before, end stand appalled on the very brink of ah abyss* into wkich a tingle step might at any moment have plunged, ma' Die young man wept, and in hi* tears Mrs* Elder saw rainbow* of hope. 44 Charles,' said the employer of Tilden, *b the young man came into the counting room where the latter was seated, tbe next morning, 44 1 think you arc acquainted with the young men who ore so disgracefully exposed in to-day's paper.' 44 What young men!' asked Charles, with on instantly blush ing face. a- itccd, Harrison, Loiton, ana John »Y art eld,' was answered* 14 1 have heard nothing of it, sir ; what has happened them T' 44 Thcv were on a drunken frolic last night, when one of them insullcd'a lady, and was knocked down by her husband. He was knocked down in turn ; hut, recovering himself, he struck one of his assailants, and broke his arm. Tbe final mult was, an arrest of the four yoang men by the police, who will have to give bail this morning for their good behaviour and appearance at court. Two of them. Colton and Wm field, will lose their situation*, I know; and the same result will follow, no doubt, in other cases. If titber ef tbem bad been in my employment, we would have parted company here.' The employer of Charles did not know why his elerk'e face turned eo pale. 44 You were not with them, I hope,' he said, as a sudden suspicion crossed his mind 41 No, sir,' And Charles looked at bim steadily, 44 1 spent the evening with Mrs. Elder.' 'Ah!' The employer's countenance, lighted up again. 44 You could not have been in safer company.' 44 she is a true, good woman, sir,' replied Charles, speaking with more feeling and freedom than usual ; 44 and the early friend of iny mother.' 41 If ehe be your mother's friend, visit ber often,' was kindly answered. 41 Next to a mother, ie a mother's friend.' ' Ob 1 what an escape,' said Charles, speaking to himself, as he turned away, shuddering inwardly. 44 And it was a kind word tbat saved me* Had Mrs. Elder treated me like the rest, 1 would have bqen overtaken in this evil and lost. Bat God helping me, I will get back into the good path, and never leave it' Tut: Mubdee of Me. OtvEN, of Yandilla,— The following letter, which bear* upon this distressing circum stance, ie tekeu from tbe I'oowoomba Chronicle. The writir— Jt hn Pierce, overeeer North Branch, Yandilla— eaye Eotlrg the cause of dispute misstated (inourlooal Dewfpapere) between the late Mr. Oven and hi* supposed murderer, 1 think it bnt just to the memory of the mur dtred gc&iltman; to state tbe real facte of (be case. About the 25;h February, 1661, 1 made a contract with Ritchie to erect ptvfla hute' for Messrs. Gore, Brothers. The first to be put up was a kitohen at my house. Ritchie got on with it until it was half shingled* when he left it, eaying he could get more profitable employment at Felton. How ever, be being eo very t-Iow, Ube glad to get rid of him* lie came back after four or five days, und I wrote to Mr. Owes, as I kuew he was coming to stop hero for the right, to take Biicbiu'e etore aoooant and what I Lbouybt it would take to finish the hut, out of eleven, pound?, l hat being the prfoo agreed on for esoh hut, and to bring a cheque for any balance tbat might be coming to Ritchie, fiir. Ovren did eo; but, before Ritchie got tbe cheque, Mi. Owen &*ked him why he tpok ooutraota tie did cot tinibb, when Ritihie gave him a great deal of im pertinence. Mr. Owen then showed him the oheque he brought fo bim, tore it tip. and told him be had no claim on it, as he did not carry out his agreement. Ritchie then went away to Felton, that was the 23rd of April, 1661, and the fiist week of tbe following October he summoned both Mr. Uwre and myself to tbe Drayton Petty Sessions, be having a lawyer to conduct his oate, which, of course he lost, gamiLK one pound for a week's work that hAd nothing to do with bis contract. By inserting the foregoing faots you will only do justice to the memory of one of the most honest and well meaning gentlemen Qaeenslsnd ever had as an inhabitant. A Bolter — On Monday uomlog, a prisoner nomad Charles Quinn, alias John Flood, attempted to escape from the gang employed at the embankments on the swamp* Having obtained permission to retire for a time, he took the opportunity to bolt, making his way is the -H motion or Mowbray. Information wee Immediately oonveyed to aoting-sergeant Murphy, of Invennay, who, aooompanted by one of the gaol constables, prooeeded to Stepudnswu a Bend, expecting there to fall to with Quinn. 6oon after arriving at the Bend, and when just about to separate, in order to take different directions, tbev caught sight of the object of their sear oh coming towards where they were. Tbev instantly eeoreted themselves, and Quinn. whilst ? basMsg Murphy's hlding-plaoe, was seized ty bim, and, with Ibe artist ax. oe of the olhsr man, secured; Quiun had. in the early part of 1663, escaped from a LanuoMtonguig, but bad not been proeeouted for It, ead on thepreeent oooa eion was undergoing a sentenoe reoelved at Wortbnry, last mcnib. for larceny. Be has been eantenoed to three yoerar had labour Ia ohrnni —Launcetion Examiner^ May 