NEWS AND NOTES. Eliza Anne Harvey died on Wednesday at her parents' residence, Pleasant street, Ballarat. Her death was caused by serous effusion into the pleura from severe and extensive burns, caused by her having accidentally fallen into a fire on the 29th ultimo. The deceased was aged ten months, and the daughter of John and Priscilla Harvey. It ap- pears that the child had been tied into a tall chair by her mother, while she went into the yard to at- tend to some clothing on the lines. On her return she found the child and chair had toppled over into the fireplace, the former being severely burned in the face. She snatched the child up, applied obvious remedies, and obtained the aid of Mr Di- mock, surgeon, but the child gradually sank and died at ten o'clock on Wednesday evening. Mr Dimock gave the medical evidence at the inquest. The committee of the Ballarat West Fire Brigade met on Wednesday. There were present lieutenant Levitt (in the chair), and Messrs Vowles, Marshall, Cranston, Vance, Hau, McCartney, Graham, Jack, and Claxton, (hon. secretary). The Hon. Secretary read a letter from the Royal Saxon Gold Mining Company, enclosing donation for £2 2s, and thanking the Brigade for its services. Mr Wm. Marshall tendered his resignation, in coDaeqneooe of lea neg the district. It waa resolved-Thai the donation from the Koyal Saxon Company be acknowledged by the gecretary¡with the thanks of tí» committee." It was also resold-" Tbs* the resignation of Mr If&nb;&U; be weired with regret." The iollowinjr accounu were paned for payment:-Gai Company, ' £14C; Messenger (salary), £13; Mosa (piping),8s6d; Band, £1; Bells tr (refreshment), £18s; Hßbrjoo(do), 46s; Jack (do), IBs; Lyte, bine hire, io*, ß wa» I resolved--"That all members joining be placed on the rollin the first vacancy which may occur, with I ont reference to companies." The following appoint ments wera made:-Mr John darke, 18, engine company; Mr John McDonald, 19, do; Mr John Keishaw, 3, apparatus company; Mr John Binnet, 6, do; Mr Henry Johns, 8, do. The amount of £2, the raine of a lady's dress, was sued for in the District Police Court on Thursday, and siter one objection had been taken to the claim and overruled, that plaintiff was an un certificated insolvent, another objection was raised that (be de, j fendant waa not liable, -as "the dress had not been supplied to him,*' but to his daughter, a young lady named Miss Nixon, who was only seventeen years of ! age, and therefore an infant in the eye of the law. Such an infantile notion of payment seemed very, much at variance with the young lady's notions of 'dressing, and ont of respect probably for her feelings as a woman, and as she might not have been aware of the pies set up in ber behalf by Mr Hockley that «he was merely aa infant, the Bench made an order for the amount claimed, with costs. Bat the infant- j Oe objection was about to be carried farther if the j Bench had permitted it, for Mr Hockley asked to ! have a case stated for the opinion of the Supreme Court, bot this request was refused. At the Linton Police Court, on Thursday, before ' Mr Hamilton, P.M., and Mr M. H. Baird, J.P., John Harrison was charged with using obscene and abu sive language, on the 4th instant. The prisoner pleaded guilty. The Bench inflicted a fine of 20s, or twenty-four hoars' imprisonment. The following civil causes were then called on :-D. Jamieson v F. Dillon, £i ia Sd, repairs to a dray. The plain tiff stated that he received the order from the defen dant to repair the dray. Did not agree to repair it for any particular amount. He had made repairs to the dray to the extent of £5 10s 3d, and had re ceived £1 6« on account. Order for £3 4a 9d and costs. Peter Bronsie was charged with splitting ?without a license, but as the license had been taken oat, the case was withdrawn. L. Blasmore v John Brighton, £2 7s 9d, work and labor ; order for the amount and 5s costs. Catherine Fallan y F. Dillon, £3, wages ; order for £2 and costs. Freeman v Pfliederer, £3, goods ; order for amount. Same v Davis, £2 11s, goods ; Mr Yeates for the plaintiff; order for £1 6B 6d, with an inti* marion to the plaintiff that he must sue in the County Court for the balance. James Dodds, rate collector for the Shire of Grenville, v Han, 10s, rates ; order for amount, and (as Mr Dodds had been at the expense of employing an in terpreter) 25s costs. Same v B. Stephens ; order for £1 10s, and 15s costs. Same v an occupier of a house at Scarsdale, for refusing to give his name when requested to do so. The interpreter, sworn, stated he was present when the person refused to give his name, but had since ascertained the name to be Wah Tack. Fined 5s, and £2 costs. Same v A. Sayers ; the date of the summons having been omitted, the case was struck out. The yield of gold from the claim of the Golden Age Company, Linton, last week, was 15§ oz. From the Bedan Company, the yield was 13| oz. The Boyal Exchange Company's claim gave a dividend of £3 4s per man. The Atlas Company's return for the week was 9 oz of gold. A meeting of the managers of the Burrumbeet and Windermere Farmers' Common was held at the Bridges Hotel on Tuesday last, at which were pre sent Messrs Gonn, Robertson, and Ma cl ure. Mr Gonn having been appointed chairman, the minutes of the previous meeting were confirmed. Letters from the Shire Council respecting the appointment of the managers, their security, and the framing of roles, were read and received. A letter from the Smythe's Creek poundkeeper, enclosing fees, for poundage, was also received. The rules of the com mon were read and revised, and the secretary was instructed to forward the same to the Chairman of the Shire Council. Mr Gunn was then elected trea surer, and the secretary and herdsman were re-ap pointed for the carrent year. Grazing for 166 bead of cattle being applied for, Mr Robertson moved, and Mr Madure seconded, that all the applications be granted. The meeting then adjourned. The Shire Council of Grenville has suggested to the Shire Council of Buninyong, that the surplus fees received for depasturing on the Cardigan Farmers' Common, be divided,between the two coun cils according to the number of cattle and horses de pastured by owners living in each respective shire. In the letter making the above suggestion, it was stated that residents in the Shire of Grenville depas tured 627 cattle, and 20 horses, and residents in the Shire of Buninyong 108 cattle, and 5 horses. The Bun inyong Shire Council, on Thursday, instructed itt engineer to ascertain the common's acreage within the Shire of Buninyong. The secretary of the Shire Council of Buninyong was yesterday appointed treasurer of the shire, at s salary of £20 per annum. The Waterloo Company, Napoleon Lead, having struck the gutter, obtained a few days ago a small nngget weighing about 25 dwi, and again on Wed nesday last another weighing about 20 oz, unmixed with quartz. It is not often we hear of such succesi in a company which has not yet washed a machinefu of dirt. Coarse gold is said to be plentiful in thi dirt the company is now getting out. A meeting of the rowing club was held last eveninj at M'Laren'e Hotel; Mr Davidson in the chair. Tb minutes of the isBt meeting were read and confirmed Messrs T. King, J. Kitto, and F. Green, were electee members ol the club. Entries for the boat races to day on Lake Wendouree were made as follows:-Fo pair-oared race; distance, one mile and a quarter Messrs Golightly and Davidson and Messrs William and Cazaly. Scullers' race ; first heat-Messr Cazaly and White; second heat-Messrs William and Golightly; final heat-to start at four o'clock between the winners of the previous heats. Mr Bodier, J,P., attended at the Eastern Folie Court on Thursday morning and disposed of the fol lowing cases:-William Whitcombe, brought up fo threatening behaviour in the street, was discharged Peter Fagan and Nath. Hibben, taken into costed, for resisting the police, were also discharged with caution. Wm. Pearson was fined ls, and 20a dam ages for destroying certain property belonging t one Mary Jane Smith. Wm. Ly den, charged wit having been drank, was discharged. The boat racing on Lake Wendooree takes plac this afternoon at two o'clock. There are two event and judging from the well known proficiency < several of the competitors at the oar it may be ei petted that the races will be well contested. Shoal j the weather keep fine there will probably be a lari number of persons present. The monthly meeting of the Glendaruel Agricul taral Society was held at the Coghill's Creek Hot on Monday, 2nd May. There were present Mess: Spiers, Lanagan, and Matthews, the first-name occupying the chair. The minutes of the previox meeting having been confirmed, the folio wir I letters were read-1. From the Board of Agricu I tore, requesting information as to the quantity i wheat required for seed by the farmers in tl society's district this season. 2. From Mess: Henderson Brothers respecting the prise obtainj I by them at the late show. The correspondence wi received. It was resolved that as the quantity < seed wheat required by the farmers generally is n known, no action be taken until accurate informi tion be obtained. It was also resolved that tl ; prizes awarded at the late show be handed to tl winners at Coghill's Creek and Clunes on the 12 and 13th of the present month. It having ba agreed that' a special meeting should be held at i ! early date to make an arrangement Car the ensuis J ploughing match, the meeting adjourned. The Essex Company had its first washing ap f the week ending on Wednesday last since the la ' swamping of the claim. Two machines of di .were washed, including the cW^'ng np of the drin and the yield was 39 oz. - The Xoh-i-Noor <^mpany bottomed its new abs on Wednesday, the reef being reached at a depth 338J feet, with a dip of S feet towards MrO'MaUey ground. Lt is interred therefore, that the gutter beneath tue ground incl rued by MrO'MaUey. ccotract bas been let, at £4 a foot, for sinking £ farther ^depth required for opening out Tl company bat obtained 435 os of gold np to last night, towards the current fortnight's dividend. Mr. J. B. Hills, Ute secretary of the Ballarat Temperance Society, having died of consomption on the 3rd instant, was buried yesterday. The deceased Was a member of the Bechabite Tent, and his fane rai, which was numerously attended, was the first Bechabite one since the formation of the tent tere. In accordance with a circular request from the Boads and Bridges office, Melbourne, the Shire ; Council of Buninyong has instructed its officers to draw np a report ou the cost of repairs that would be necessary to bridges injured by recent floods within the shire. The Council of the Shire of Buninyong and the Borough Council of Buninyong have agreed to take joint action towards procuring a grant of money from the Government, for making the road from Buninyong to the Buninyong railway station. It was stated at yesterday's meeting of the Shire Council of Buninyong that £1142, the first moiety, of the grant-in-aid having been paid into bank there was a balance of £800 to the credit of the Council. That very remarkable body without a soul, the Ballarat Chamber of Commerce, is so very dead ap parently that it cannot even be galvanised into life. Moribund io every sense for years, it at last got into such a hopeless condition that its best friends had DO faith in it, though with a kind of reckless hope against hope some of them endeavored to make it at least die decently. But it seems to have expired without the small and decent courtesy of paying its debts, and after several spasmodic struggles it has at last lain quietly down beneath the unmove able weight pf £33 19s 6d due and owing and, for anything we can see, likely to be owing for aa indefinite period yet to come to its unfortunate bnt patient and ever-philosophic secretary. Collec tions were made some time ago in aid of the lament able condition of the Chamber, and the debt was reduced to the sum above named, but the force of the Chamber could no farther go. That was the dying straggle. A few faint spasms, each fainter than its predecessor, fallowed, and last night the faintest ol all ended in a no- quorum lapsed meeting, only two members being present besides the unpaid secretary, whose almost speechless patience might remind one, bat for his sex, of a Niobe all (but the) tears. The two members who were present as the only representatives of the corporate debtor spoke pathetically to the secretary and offered to take the twentieth part of the responsibility of a bill for the debt if other eighteeen could be got to keep them company, and a bank would discount the paper. Or they would head a list of subscribers in aid of the removal of the terrible £33 19s 6d, if the secretary would go round with a list. Bat sa we said before, these were only mild expiring spasms in the body of the thing that had .given up its ghost long before. To such complexion nat come the representative body of the mercantile interests of the second town in the colony, and all we can hope is, that as the commer cial men of Ballarat seem to have lost all sense of what is due to this embodied répu tation, some kindly folk, professional or amateur will come forward as soon as the Explorers' Monu ment is really finished, and give a performance on behalf ot the Chamber and its long euflering secre tary, who cannot get his £33 19a 6d. The programme for performance by the Chriatj Minstrels this evening at the Theatre Boyal, con tains a good deal of novelty, with as usual a larg« proportion of the comic. To those who have been t< bear these accomplished performers we need ea» nothing but words of congratulation. To those wh( have not heard them, we can only say, go and heal them without delay. A meeting of the managers of the United Glenda rael and Clunes Farmers' Common was held at thi Kent Hotel, Clunes, on Tuesday. There were presen Messrs Kemp and Mark. Some general basinet was transacted, and various accounts passed for pay ment. The entries for the ensuing steeplechases are un usually numerous, and comprise many of the mos noted horses in the colony. Eight events in all har been arranged for, four on each day, and should th «eather prove even only moderately favorable, th meeting cannot fail to be as successful as any whicl has ever taken place in the district. The complet hst of entries will be found in another column. The number of electors added to the roll for Balla rat West from the 14th April up till the close of th month was-for the Assembly, 147; and, fer th Council, S. During the quarter ending the 30t April, the fallowing were the numbers added to th rolls for Ballarat East-Assembly, 59; Council, 7. The Keans hare made their appearance at tb Lyceum Theatre, Sandhurst. On Wednesday ever ing the house was quite filled, and the artist« appear to have fully satisfied the expectations of th audience, as Shylock and Portia. At noon, a coi] gratula tory address was presented by the ladies sn gentlemen of the theatre, before rehearsal. The Government Gazette contains an annoancemeo that the Rokewood gold-fields common has been ei larged by the addition of 640 acres, more or les being unappropriated Crown lands between certai boundaries. An addition to the area of the water reserve J Warrenheip has been set apart, and temporarily ri served from sale. i . Alexander Beidand others,for "The St. Andrew Quartz Mining Association," Stieglitz, bas applii tor a ten years mining lease of IS acres 1 roed 6 poli of quartz ground at Gibraltar Hill, Stieglitz, ei cepting the area claimed by Cooper and party. Tt amount of capital already invested in steam mach nery is £3000. Henry Brett was committed for trial at the Di trict Police Court on Thursday, for stealing varioi articles of jewelry from a box belonging to the ba man at the George Hotel, Lydiard street. The Herald Bays-" The action brought by Mr H. Brooke against Messrs E. and D. Syme has a vanced another stage. The Age has not attempt« to justify, but has contented itself with recording plea of " Not Guilty." This will narrow the defen to showing that either the alleged libel was nev published, that it is not a libel, or that its publie tion was a justifiable comment upon the conduct ol public man." The poor girl, Ann Bates, who was so stupid arrested some time ago on a charge of child mardi has had her brain affected by tbe frightful charj then laid to her account. It will be remembered si was sent to the Hospital as soon as it was discover that she was innocent. Yesterday (says the Geelo Advertiter of Thursday) she was placed before ti Bench on a charge of lunacy and remanded i medical treatment. We learn from the Argus that the Legislate Assembly did not go into committee on Wednesdi evening as was expected, on the Mining Bill. T reason assigned was the absence of many ot t mining members, and the desirability of the Honsi being made acquainted with some views put fi ward by the Ballarat Mining Board in relation the measure. The order of the day was therefc postponed until the next evening. The Argot of Thursday says:-" Only about dozen of the salmon ova were found dead yesterd morning. The strongest hopes are now entertain of the success of the experiment." ACCUIU.TISA.TION SOCIETY or VICTORIA. the weekly meeting of the council of the Acclin tisation Society, held on Tuesday-present, Mr Wilson, Dr Black, Dr Mueller. Professor MH3i Dr Madden, Hon. W. C. Haines, Iiieutenant-Coloi Champ, Messrs G. W. Rusden, A. Parchas, S. Bindoo, H. E. Watts, James Smith, H. J. Chambe and D. S. Campbell-a letter was read from the ht secretary of a newly-formed acclimatisation socic at Nelson, N. Z., offering to send forward specime of the Paradise dock, in exchange for any anim which can be spared from here. ThePresidentreminc the Council that since the last meeting Commane Norman had returned from his successful trip Hobart Town, and referred in warm terms to 1 zealous interest which Commander Norman h taken in the matter. The following résolution % unanimously passed:-" The council of the Acclin tisation Council desires to express to Commam Norman its thorough appreciation of the skill, ZE and intelligence with which he has so successfu accomplished the delicate and importent duty conveying the salmon ova to Tasmania, and bi herewith to present him with the best thanks of I council, as au acknowledgment of the vaina! services rendered by him to acclimatisation, most encouraging statement was made of the p geest of the ova left at Melbourne. The eyes i becoming day by day more developed, and the y ot fish cannot long delay making their appearance. \ Bindon brought under the notice of the council I desirability of something being done to collect formation opon the present state of the fisheries this country; and it was resolved-" That a co mittee be appointed to collect and report upon available information with' reference to the varieti the habito, Ute seasons, and the qualities of i marketable Jabea, with « view to their protect and increase, nod the conséquent development nf : fishery trade in tins country.'* 