MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS Literary Career of Macaxjlay.— The fact of. his amazing knowledge is beyond dispute. Then, how did he get it ; Did it come to him by the direct fiat of heaveu. or was he favoured, as otners, wiui a clear rmrm ami a resolute will, with a high appreciation of knowledge, and a keen covetousuess to make it his own? He had a wonderful memory, and a regal faculty by which all that he gathered gnldened into a beautv of its own. But it was the persevering industry of labour which brought stores to the retentive rnemoiy and material to the creative mind. Work, hard work, the sweat of the brain through many an exhaust ing hour and through many a weary vigil was the secret, after all, of his success. Many who slumber in nameless graves, or wander through the tortures of a wasted life, have had memories as capacious and faculties as fine as lie, but they lacked the steadiness of purpose and patient thoughtful labour which multiplied the ten talents into ten other talents besides them. . . . it is the old lesson -a worthy purpose, patient energy for its accomplishment, a resoluteness that is undaunted by difficulties, and, in ordinary circumstances, success.— PunxluiiVis Lecture on. M aeatday. A Hospital Ph ysiciax's Afternoon. — The staff of thegreat hospitals is utterly insufficient to allow of their performing themselves the work allotted to them. We discover every now and then a conscientious physician, who tries to do n;s work. We once calculated this work up in a particular instance. At half-pasttiin the evening the Esculapiau bee was putting on his overcoat to return home. He had taken his seat in a wooden bottomed chair at 1 p.m. For five and a half hours he had sat there, ringing his bell, calling out, 'Come in,' examining his patients, and writing prescriptions without a break. In the course of tlu1. period he had counted 4,480 strokes of the heart, listened to So' chests, looked at 190 tongues, asked 1,120 questions, written 33S separate recipes. 11 certificates for clubs, three certificates of deaths, and brief notes in the hospital books of 2) new patients, giving their age, sex, occupation, duration of illness, residence, and disease. Alto gether, he had given advice gratis to 224 people, and remarked that he fell short of his usual number. Shall we describe the man at the end of his day's work? He was so pale that he might have played Ghost to Hamlet in broad sunlight. He was a little deaf on one side, from tbe frequent use of the stethoscope ; one of his fingers was sore from .percussing; his eyes were wearied: his back ached intensely; his head was heavy; and his voice was hoarse and tremulous. He hail a mis giving that at the close of his work he had written a prescription for one patient on another patient's letter, and was dreadfully put out to find that, right or wronii. the patients had gone off with their medicines. As he passed out of the hospital, nine persons, whom, he had never seen in his life, waited to ask him privately his solemn opinion as to cases some of which had not been before him for weeks, and of which he had no more recollec tion than of Adam. His face of white despair conveyed to the anxious listeners meanings of which he had not the remotest conception. When he got away from them all there were still three long miles yawning between himself and his dinner.— Social Science Rericxc. A French Atrocity. — That unfortunate expedition, which has been regarded as 'a justifi able necessity,' has done the French cause in Africa much harm. The French troops pursued the Oulaad Kiah, who had been guilty of a number of outrages, and, being hard pressed, the Arabs took refuge in the cave of Khartani. Some 700 persons, in men, women, and children, thronged the windings, of this subterranean stronghold, where a few armed men sufficed to oppose even a much stronger force than was then under the com mand of Colonel Pelissier, the present Duke of Malakolf. The Arabs were repeatedly summoned to surrender, but remained obstinately silent. It was impossible to force a way into it. The Arabs might nave been starved to submission, for the cave had no other outlet than the one guarded by the French troops ; but, I believe, the apprehension of the expected arrival of fresh hostile forces decided the commander upon precipitate action. An im mense fire was kindled at the mouth of the cave, and sedulously fed during the whole of that night with every kind of combustible which was calcu lated to increase the intense smoke, thick volumes of which the wind drove into the cave. At dawn of the following day, and after sufficient time had elapsed to render the air of -the silent cave breathable, some soldiers were ordered to ascertain the state of things within. They-weregone but a few minutes, and they came back, we are told, pale, trembling, and terrified: and no wonder, for they had found all the Arabs dead— men. women. anu cnuuren— an ueaui as death Had lelt tliem, so they found them— the old man grasping his grey beard; the younger one grim, rigid, stem as iron, with frantic hatred and despair depicted on his countenance— the dead mother, clasping her dead child! Death reigned throughout the vast cave of Khartani!— Ruined Cities in Africa. A Long Doctor's .Bill. — In the Court of Exchequer the case of Brearey v. Green has been tried. It was an action to recover a sum of £331 9s. :3d. by the plaintiff, a surgeon, &c;, at Titchfield, in Hampshire, from the defendant, a woman, who carries on the business of a harness-maker in the same place. The defendant had been suffering for some three or four years from a tumour which pressed upon the urinary canal, for which the plaintiff had attended her, performing operations, supplying physic, and attendance. The amount of physic which the poor womau seems to have taken is somewhat startling— no feat of any modern 'sensatiou man' ever surpassed the one per formed by her. JRammee Sammee, the celebrated Indian juggler, used, it is said, to swallow swords and cannon balls, and a fit of hiccoughs when he had introduced a sword iuto his stomach proved fatal to him. The defendant swallowed 2,077 draughts and mixtures, 111 Iioxe3 of pills, rubbed in the contents of 2! boxes of ointment, and had 77S visits paid to her by the plaintiff and yet lived to be sued for £fll !te. 3d. after it was all over; and probably now she wishes she hadn't. The plaintiff statetrthat, having taken into con sideration the state of the defendant's circum stances, he had greatly reduced his usual charges for both attendance and physic, and a medical witness was called to show that the plaintiffs treatment of the defendant's case had been proper. During the time of the plaintiff's attendance, in goods and money,- the defendant had paid him £.%' 15s. Id. After the counsel on both sides bad addressed the jury: on behalf of their respective clients. His Lordship summed up, telling the jury if thev believed the plaintiff's statement— one sup ported by entries made iu his books, and which were produced !-efore them— then he was entitled to recover; but it was quite competent for them to say what sum they thought he ought to receive. The learned Judge having calculated that the defendant had been taking two draughts every day for years, said that lie should have thought that it would have been cheaper for her to have had her physic in the wood instead of by the bottle. Ewntually the jury found a verdict for the plaintiff for £10j.— rJngtix/t Paper. Gux Cotton- Experiments. — The gun cotton experiments for artillery purposes carried on by the Austrian Government have, we are Humours to the contrary have been spread from time to time, but these, it appears, were prompted by diplomatic reasons. A commission sent to. Vienna by our war department to enquire into the facts were courteously entertained and allowed to gather information ; but the information placed in their way was, as we hear, fallacious— the essential conditions of the manufacture of gun- cotton were not communicated. So we are to experiment and find out for ourselves; and, as a lwginninjj;, a com mittee of members of the British Association, in cluding chemists, artillerists, and metal-worker?, have met to arrange a plan of proceeding. The objection to use the gun-cotton, as hitherto known in this country, is that it explodes at a very low temperature, and all at once, whereby its force is lost before it can be communicated to the ball or projectile. Gunpowder, when ignited, requires a small interval of time to pass through the charge, anil consequently expends its whole force in giving an impetus to the ball in the direction in which it it is required to travel. Gun-cotton wastes its strength in all directions, and injures the gun. The Austriaus, however,' have discovered a way of rendering it as efficient as gunpowder; and at the same time, by mixing iron, copper, and spelter in certain proportions, they produce a gun-metal tougher than any yet invented. In one particular there would be economy in the use of gun-cotton, as a less weight would be required for service than of gunpowder, which is no trifling consideration in providing for a fleet or army. Whether the manufacture will cost less is a question which can be answered only when the committee above referred to shall have completed their experiments. —Englult Paper. Coax Tar Destructive to Vermin — The Journal de fa Societe d Horticulture states that an( agriculturist, M. Thenaud. baring lately caused several frames to be coated with coal tar, was surprised to find the cabbages growing near the places where the frames were standing quite free from the unwelcome visits of the Haltica, or beetle, so destructive to cruciferous plants. The observation was not lost upon him ; he immediately caused 1,500 kilogrammes of sawdust to be mixed up with two kilogrammes of coal tar, and then to be strewed over several acres sown with rapeseed. The consequence was that no beetles ever infested the plants from tbe moment of their appearance to the time when they were got in. He has been repeating this process for the last five years, and always with the same; success, while h-s neigh bours' fields suffer more than ever from the invasion of the obnoxious insect. Instead of saw dust, sand or even earth may be advantageously used; but care must be taken not to use coal tar in an excessive quantity, for since its virtue resides in the strong empvreumatic odour it emits, a very small dose will be sufficient; whereas a large quantity would kill the plants themselves. We have had personal experience of the efficacy of strong resinous smells in removing insects. Several years ago we succeeded in ridding a garden of vast colonies of ants which had literally taken pos session of it, by pouting spirit of turpentine upon the ant-hills. In 24 hours not an ant was to be stm.—GaUjnanCt Messenger. A Word about Diamonds.— That you may understand how keenly this strange beauty of the diamond affects even those whose business it is to cut, polish, refine, and remove from its grosser covering or incrustation the stone which is perhaps one day to be 'a king's ransom,' take the following fact. The artist who was employed to cut the Koh-i-noor was months at his task. Wirh siieli vpnpratinri ilirl hp spfc Tiiinsplf tn liis work, that u his hand trcmhled in the morning when he rose, before continuing his responsibility of shaping or thinning this magnificent treasure, he stayed work for the day. Long he pondered whether he should venture to thin or diminish the size of this delight of his eyes— whether he should dare to lessen its weight, even though he increased its brilliancy. But lie went on as a great work man, loving and honouring what he had to do: and the jewel was thinned and pared somewhat, and became the magnificence and glory we now see it. I can well believe and estimate this Oriental worship for 'the diamond,' and can understand an artist's sacrifice fur quality instead of quantity, as my dogged friend at my elbow suggests. Will it be considered childish for me to aver, moreover, that I thoroughly relish the allegory of Sinbad the Sailor's adventures in the Valley of Diamonds, and his account of the merchant's stratagem to obtain the jewels?— Once a Week. A Wronged Woman. — Ycur patient woman, in books and in life, does not draw on our gratitude. When her goodness is not stupidity— which it frequently is-itisiiiaulting. She walks about an incarnate rebuke. Her silence is an incessant comp'aint A teacup thrown at your head is not half so alarming as her meek, much wronged, unretorting face. You begin to suspect that she consoles herself with the thought that there is another world where brutal brothers and husbands are settled with fo their bghsviour to. their angelic wives and bisters In this.— Dnam.' hrp, by AUxanfor Smif/l, Vagabonds . — The fresh, rough, heathery parts of human nature, where the air is freshest and where the linnets sing, is getting encroached upou by cultivated fields. Every one i is making himself and herself useful. Every one is producing, something. Everybody is clever. Everybody is a philanthropist. I don't like it. I love a little eccentririty. I respect honest preju dices. I admire foolish enthusiasm in a young head better than a wise scepticism. It is high time, it seems to me, that a moral game-law were passed for the preservation of the wild and vagrant , feelings of human nature. Ah, me ! what a world this was toiive in two or three centuries ago, when it was getting itself discovered— when the sunset gave up America. Then were the Arabian Xights commonplace, enchantments a matter of course, and romance the most ordinary thing in the world. Then man was courting nature; now he lias married her! Yet, for all that time has brought and taken away, I am glad to know that the vagabond sleeps in our blood, and awakes now and then. Overlay nature as you please, here and there some bit of rock or mound of aboriginal soil will crop out with the wild floxers growing upon it, sweetening the air. Geuius isavagaboud: Art is a vagabond; Enter prise is a vagabond. The first fine day in spring awakes the gipsy_ in the blood of the English work man, and incontinently he 'babbles of green fields.' On the English geutleuian, lapped in the most luxurious civilization, and with the thousand powers and resources of wealth at his command, descends oftentimes a fierce unrest, a Bedouin-like horror of cities and the cry of the money-changer, and in a month the fiery dust rises in the track of his desert steed, or in the six months' polar mid night he hears the big wave dashing on the icy shore. Vagabonds have moulded the world into its present shape. .Respectable people swam in the track of the vagabond as rooks m the track of the ploughshare. .Respectable people do little in the world except storing wine-cellars and amassing fortunes for the benefit of spendthrift heirs. Re-, spectable well-to-do Grecians shook their heads over Leonidas and his three hundred when they went down to Thennopylre. Respectable Spanish churchmen, with shaven crowns, scouted the dream of Columbus. Kespectable German folia attempted to dissuade Luther from appearing before Charles and the Princes and Electors of the empire. Nature makes us vagabonds; the world mokes us respectable. Commend me to Sliaks peare's vagabonds, the most delightful in the world! His sweet-blooded and liberal nature blossomed into all fine generosities as naturally as an apple-bough into pink blossoms and o.lours. It would be better if wu could have along with our modem enlightenment, our higher tastes and purer habits, a greater individuality of thought and mauneq better that every man should be allowed to_ grow in his own way so long as he does not in fringe on the rights of his neighbour, or insolently thrust himself between him and the sun. A little more air and light should be let in upon life. I should think the world has stood long enough under the drill of Adjutant Fashion. It is hard work; the posture is wearisome, and Fashion is an awful martinet, and has a quick e)'e, and comes down mercilessly on the unfortunate wight who cannot suuare his toes to the aDnrovcd nattem. or who appears on parade with a darn in his coat or with a shoulder-belt insufficiently pipe-clayed. It is killing work. Suppose we try 'standing at ease' for a little.— Dreamthorp, by Alexander Smith. A Physician's Bill Disputed. — What is a physician entitled to charge for railway fare? The question is being agitated rather warmly, and a recent dispute between Dr. Vose, of Liverpool, and Sir Thomas Glodstoue, Mr. Robertson Ulad stone and Mr. A. Kelso, is much talked of, as well by medical men as in the select circles its par ticulars have reached. Iu July, lSti2, a -Mr. U. Urant was taken ill in the Highlands, and Dr. Vose was summoned by t3legraph from Liverpool to Aberdeen. The patient died, and his executors (the three gentlemen named) requested Dr. Vose to send in his claim for professional services, f his amounted to two hundred' and five guineas, !-eing one hundred and eighty-six guineas for the journey (372 miles) and nineteen guineas for ordinary at tendance ! The executors consider this exorbitant, and, after some correspondence, close their ac counts without paying Dr. Vose. -The latter has no remedy, except applying to his professional brethren as to the fairness of his charges. Like barristers, physicians are, by au absurd fiction, supposed to render their services gratuitously, anil the result is that the question has no chance of being tried in a court of law. But odd as it may sound to some ears, the faculty have declared that Dr. Vose has rather under than over charged for his journey; and it is broadly stated that hod the late Sir. Grant been a nen- instead of an old patient the charge stionlu not have been less than two thirds of a guinea a mile. It is true that the executors quote Professor Miller, of Edinburgh, as saying that twenty-five pounds per diem, and thirty for a day and a ni^ht, is a moderate remuneration for a leading physician's absence from home; but it is said that neither Professor Syme nor Dr. Simpson comply with the 'custom' he quotes as that of the northern city. Dr. Latham is also quoted by tbe executors, but repudiates utterly, backing up Dr. Vose's charges as moderate, as does Dr. Watson; aud it would seem that the heir will have to pay the full amount unless he would be convicted of evading a moral responsibility only because it cannot be legally enioKcd.— English Paper. AVaterpkoof Walks. — A ncv.- method of pathmaking is fast coming into vogue, and wiil soon be universally adopted, for its cheapness, general excellence, and permanence; in fact, when once well done it lasts for ever. Instead of making a walk of loose material, on the old fashion, con creting is resorted to, by which the appearance of gravel is retained, with all its freshness mil beauty of contrast to grass and flowers, and the wak itseif is rendered as dry and durable as the best pavement. The Hindus operundi is as follows:—. Procure a sufficient quantity of the best Portland cement, then with the help of a labourer turn up the path with a pick, and have all the old gravel screened, so as to separate the loam aud surface well from it, and' to every six parts of the gravel add three parts of gritty sand of any kind— but soft pit sand is unsuitable— and one part by measure of Portlaud cement. When these arc well mixed up together in a dry state, add sufficient water to make the whole into a moderately stiff workable consistence, and lay it down quickly two inches thick on a hard bottom. A common tspu.de is the best tool with which to spread it ; it must lie at once spread as ic is to remain for ever, and a slight convexity given to the surface. In 48 hours it becomes as hard as a rock; not a drop of rain will go through it; and if a drop lodges on it, blame yourself for not having made the surface even; but a very moderate fall is sufficient with such an impenetrable material. Not a weed will ever grow on a path so funned: not a worm will overwork through it : a birch broom will keep the surface clean and bright, and, of course, it never requires rolling. It is necessary to be wry particular as to the quality of the cement, for a great deal of rubbish is sold under the name of real Portland. This is respectfully commended to the attention of the Rathmiuus Commissioners.— The IriiU Tiuies. The Human Hair. — The principal use of the hair is to preserve us from cold and tiie action ot tne atmosphere; anil it is also of au clectrica] nature. Tlie use of the hair in this respect is to furnish the body with small points of a non- conducting character from which the electricity may escape slowly from tho system when in excess, it being divided over a great many points; and also that it may be received into the system in the same manner, preventing iu each cose the violent shock which a sudden electrical change would produce to the system. Every hair takes its rise from a minute vascular pulp which is implanted beneath the dennis, or true skin. The pulp is invested by its own capsule, which, toother with the continued pulp and the rout of the hair that grows from it, compose the bulb of the hair. The hair is secreted by the inside of the capsule and by the outside of the pulp, and is pushed through the successive layers of skin till it reaches the surface. The roots of the hair exist in great abundance over the whole body, except in the pahns of the hands and the soles of the feet; and, indeed, there are many more roots than there are hairs growirig from them. This is proved by hairs sometimes growing on parts where they did not previously exist, as in the ears, nose, &c.; Baldnoss inay arise from various causes, namely, either from the destruction of the root of the hair, or from the outer coat of the skin becoming hard, dry, or so thickened as to prevent the hair passing through to the surface. It is a common but erroneous opinion that in cases of baldness the loots of the hair are destroyed. It frequently does occur that the hairs as well as the skin in which they arc implanted arc destroyed by burns, ulccra tions, &c.; ; but this rarely occurs iu cases of baldness consequent on fevers or any other disease, whether the individual be old or young. Grey hairs are caused, doubtless, iu the common course of nature by the contraction of the skin, which compresses the tube aud prevents the colouring matter from rising. Grief and fear, together with ill health, frequently cause prema ture grey hair. Numerous instance* are related with regard to the power exercised by grief on the hair, several of which -I may mention, namelv:— The hair ot Marie Antoinette, wife of Louis X y I., is said to have undergorne a change of colour in a single night, when confined in the Temple during the bloody revolution in Paris. The hair of Mary Queen of Scots, when she uncovered her head previous to her execution, was found to be nearly nil white. Lord Byron alludes to the effect of grief on the hair in tbe stanzas commencing his beautiful poem of the ' Prisoner of Chillon :'— ' My hair is grey— but not with years, Nor grew it white In a single night, As men's have grown from suddeu fright. ' Grey hair is therefore usually a mark of sunken or contracted skin, whether it be the effect of ex ternal causes, such as cold, &c;, or of internal causes, as- grief, fever, and headache, or too great devotion to business, whether it occurs in man' hood or old age. Pateosisixg the Poor. — How often have I heard the unfortunate working man lec tured, as if he were a little charity child, humid as to his nasal development, strictly literal as to his catechism, and called by Providence to walk all bis days in a station in life represented on festive occasions by a mug of warm milk-and-water and a bun! What popguns, of jokes have these ears tingled to hear let off at him. what asinine sentiments, what impotent conclusions, what spelling-book moralities, what adaptations of the orator's insufferable' tediousness to the' assumed level of his understanding 5 If his sledge-hammerp, ms spaces anu pic&axes;, nts saws anu cams, his paint-pots and brushes, his forges, furnaces, and engines, the horses that tic drove at his work, and the machines that drove him at his work, were all toys in one little paper box, and ho the baby who played with them, he could not have been dis coursed to more impertinently and absurdly than I have heard him discoursed to times innumerable. Consequently, not being a fool or a fawner, he has come to acknowledge his patronage by virtually saying— 'Let me alone. If you understand me no better than that. Sir. and Madam, let me alone. You mean very wel', I dare say, but I don't like it, and I won't come here apain to have any more of it.'— Dicktnss ' All the Year Round.' The First Wife of Airfflx+xus Pius. ? Koine- Crushed as she is — still continually asserts her right to be mistress of the world of art. Only last week, in dipping the foundation of a railway station— a railway at Rome is surely a social error of the nineteenth century— a statue was found, beautiful as the Venus of the Capitol, which \i after all not so beautiful and classical as the 'got! of the unerring bow.'' It is the first wife of Anto- j ninus Pius, who when living was, to quote the i words of a friend of the writer, 'As bad as she : could be to be alive.' The statue, however, is an ' undoubted work, and will delight the classical mind of our countryman, Mr. Gibson, for it bears unmistakable sipns oi thav colouring which he so laarrt«uly quotes his Herodotus to prove universal, but which, after all, is only exceptional, as indeed it should be.~Co)TOj}W-toi{ o/ Daily Ttltgraph, Creeling .the Bridegroom.— A curious custom in connection with marriage prevailed at oue time tn Scotland, and from the manner: in which it -was carried out was called 'Creelirig'the Bridegroom.' The mode of procedure in the village of Uaiasluels was as follows. Early in the day after the marriage, those interested in the proceeding assembled at the house of the newly wedded couple, bringing with them a 'creel' or hasket, which they filled with stones. The yonng husband, on being brought to the door, had the creel firmly fixed upon his back, and with it in this position had to run the round of the town, or at least the chief portion of it, followed by a numlwr of men to see that he did not drop his burden; the only condition on which he was allowed to do so being that his wife should come after him and kiss him. As lelief depended altogether upon the wife, it would sometimes happen that the husband did not need to run more than a few yards: but when she was more than ordinarily bashful, or wished to liave a little sjiort at the expense of her lord and master— which it may he supposed would not unfrequently l-e the case-he had to carry his load a considerable distance. This custom was very strictly enforced ; for the person who was last creeled had charge of the ceremony, and he was naturally anxious that no one should escape, The practice, as far as Uaiasluels was concerned, came to an end about (50 years ago, iu the person of one Kobert Young, who, on the plea of illness, lay a-bed all the day after his marriage, and obstinately refused to get up to be creeled ; he had been twice married before, and np doubt felt that lie had had enough of creeling j What a Threepenny-Piece may do. — A singular example of what may result from 'little beginnings' is at the present time to lie seen in the suburbs of Bristol. Th% great want of schools in the newly-appointed parish of St. Luke s, Bedminster, prompted the incumbent, a few months ago, to ask his Sunday scholars., who were at the time meeting in a hired building adjaceut to the parish church, 'What was to I* done for schools?' 'Build some. Sir.'* was tlie reply of some 20 voices. 'How!' ' With nionev. Sir.' 'Where is it to come from!' 'We will give it. Sir,' and following up the suggestion a little boy directly stepped up to the incumbent, aud put a threepenny-piece into his hand to com mence with. By the annexed account, which we copy from the Western Daily Pre*s of Sov. V.I, it will lie seen what this threepenny-piece has accomplished. The site upon which the schools are beinp erected cost £250. This sum was icne rously given by the churchwardens, Messrs. Duck and Drake. The building fund already amounts to nearly £S00. Thus the threepenny-piece, within a few months' has swelled into upwards of £1.000. Sydxey in 1829.— George-street— the principal in the town- was brilliant with jewellers' shops, and I soon ascertained that Sydney had been remarkable, even at an early period, for the same phenomenon— for it could seem no less to one unacquainted with the reason. This display of splendour was, after all, but a very natural result of the convict element iu the town. The receivers of stolen plate and articles of bijouterie in England had chosen Sydney as a safe depot for the disposal of such articles, as agents for such a purpose might at that time easily he found there. A lady, the wife of an officer, wore a valuable gold comb, which was snatched out of her hair on coming out of the opera one night in London. The thief escaped, and no trace of the stolen article was found in England. Two years afterwards-about 1S25 — the ladv joined her husband in Sydney. On the first day she walked out she was attracted by the display of brilliant articles in the shop of a well-known jeweller of that period. The first article that caught her eye, prominently displayed, was the identical stolen comb. She communicated tlie fact to her husband, and they visited the shop. Terms were proposed either that the name of the consignor of the property or the property itself should be given up. The shopkeeper did not hesitate for a moment. He gave up the comb rather than disclose the name nf the party who sent it to him, probably aware that, on the dis closure of how and where lie obtained it, all the other articles in his shop similarly obtained might lie subject edtoa compulsory surrender. Reminis cences of J\Tcw South Wales, byJudije Tltcrry. Improvement in the Breed of Docis.— We understand that steps are about to be taken to form a society, or at jeast to get up an exhibition of dogs, with the design of improving the bueed of such animals. Such a proposition deserves cn cuurapement, for there perhaps never has been any country except Turkey so overrun as this is with a worthless race of curs. If anything can be done to improve the breed of such a useful animal n« t.fw* jIiit it ic tit \n* ni'f'fminlicliojl liv citMi m/»onu as those now referred to ; and if the destructive and worthless specimens of the race with which the country is now overrun can be got rid of, and a better breed, and in fewernuml-ers, enn be rnisedup, the promoters of the undertaking will deserve the thanks of the community. On former occasions we have drawn attention to the existence of the dog nuisance in this colony. In the country dis tricts, but especially in those near towns, tame doss are so numerous and destructive that fanners cannotkcepsheepwitliout]ieniiingtliemupby night. Many valuable imported sheep have from time to time been worried by such curs as are continually prowling about. To such an extent has the evil in creased as to prevent small farmers from engaging in the pursuit of woqlgrowing, and some legislative enactment is urgently required. In the earlier days of the colony, the free use of strychnine exter minated iu a short time the race of wild dogs. At all events, there arc but few dingoes to lie met with now, except in the more remote and scrubby localities. The same auent might be used to get rid of tame curs; but so long us they arc iu such numbers in tbe t;wi)3 the case is hopeless, unless some law be passed to keep them ni check. By improving the breed of dogs, the destructive curs now so numerous will be no longer reared. But, independent altogether of this view of tbe question, the proposal to do somothing to improve au animnl so useful to mankind ought to be received with approbation. Our neighbours in Hnhart Town, if we mistake not, recently established a society of the same kind as it is proposed to form here; at any rate, its ultimate object is, we believe, to im prove the breed of dogs, Or to prevent the evil arising which we have so much reason to complain of here, aud which consists in hundreds of dogs being left without control, 'and without homes or owners, to prowl about over the country districts.— Yeoman. Sewage and Profit.— One of the most conclusive experiments recorded in the evidence given Iwfore the Select Committee on the Scwoge of Towns is that of Mr. Philiu Skinner Miles, of King's Woston, an old gloomy house that once belonged to the Lords de Clifford, aud built bv t'iQ cumbrous genius of Vanbrugh. The architect, however, lived in the days liefore liousc drainage was discovered, and the result was that the sewage of the mansion trickled down the side of the raid which led to it. This disgusting nuisance was not only offensive to the sight, but in hot weather was very offensive to the noso, and the work of drainage became one of necessity. But Mr. Miles did not content himself with lmiMiir,' an expensive drain, but, following the lead of Jlr. Alderman Meehi, he determined to collect the rewiige of his hou.se, containing 30 persons, tiigtthcr with the rainfall. into a closed tank containing about 7.0.Q {pulong, which he ventilated by a pipe running up the chimney, which ciTectnaUy took away all smell. The sewage was conducted by pipes t) about 12 acres of grass and to two acres of ploughed land, and distributed by means of a gutta-percha hose The result is that these fields have been improved in value from 1*2 15s. an acre to 115 His., while the produce has been immensely increased. Two croiw a year, so thick that they cannot stand up, and tlie crop is always good if the season be wet or dry. The sewaged grass, moreover, comes in full a month earlier than ordinary grass, thus giving that 'early bite,' the advantage of which all fanners so well know; moreover, the heritage i8 full and thick to the end of November. Tlie cattle are ravenous after the rich succulent herbage thus produced, and will eat it immediately the dressing has been applied, and Mr. Miles tells us that thg dairymaids canupt account for the great increase of the cream which has taken place since the ex periment has been hi opcratioti- This seems very like a transformation, scene one sees in a panto mime rather than, reality. The foul and filthy lane, at fairy's toucli, becomes changed to a smiting meadow, the milkmaids are ovcrpoirered by the How of cream, and the land U burdened with its crops; the stock gets rapidly fat, aud tho turnips grow so quickly as to get without the reach of the 'fl)'.' The good fairy and tho appliances, m this case, consist of an old man who ca;*, duiss the whole of the fields in the course of t.'ie day ; and the machinery is comprised in Die tank, a small conducting pipe, and a hydrant with a flexible gutta-percha hose.— Once a Week. Fakmeks.— Fanners, however, oh t}ie whole, are, to use the slang language of tbe day an eminently 'good sort,' Taken as a class, you find less affectation (ess vulgarity-ih a word, less snobbishness— among them, than, perhaps, any other class of the cotnmuuity. In f»ook knowleu»e they are certainly inferior, and their minds, no doubt, move more sluggishly than those of the inhabiUnts.of cities; but, after all, if wo exclude a very small circle, how much of the enjoyments of hfo consists either of literature or ot keen intel lectual contests! The fanner generally has pood (sense, good nature, and is always hospitable. lie is not usually the kind of inau one would care to travel with to liome or Athens. But in his house or his own fields he is often a capital companion and always an unexceptional host, — Corn/till Magazine The Danger of Using Fhosted Greens .-In the village of Leigh Button, ?Worcestershire, a whole fiimfly, consisting of father, mother, ond throe children, were seized with sudden -illness after having dined on bacon and boiled ereens It was ascertained that the greens had been in a frozen state, and had been nut into warm water before they had been properly thawed bysoakimr them in cold water: the consequence was that they became, through decomposition, of a most pernicious and putrid quality, and to. th.w fact the illness was traced. The fajjier and two of the children died.. At tiu» season of the year, all vegetables that.liave become frozen should bo gathered over uiflfct and placed in cold water hi a dark place before they are cooked that the frost mar be thoroughly extracted Tlie game pre caution should Unadopted in preparing frozen turnips or potatoes for latUe—J^MA Paper. Tradesmen.— If a tradesman would like to become a bankrupt, he need not drink nor gamlile away his money, he need not live fast and oat his chickens hefnre Ilioi- am 1,.f»i.n.i i... ',, neglects will lead to straits and poverty and ruin. It works on this principle- reputation is property, and when this is gone all U gone; and reputation is lost moie frequent y by a succession of triflinz neglects than by a single deed of downright dis honesty, o'by one act of outrageous imprudence. In business, simple forgetfulncss is reckoned a crime, ahd is also punished as such. A man forgets to meet a bill when it hepomec due. It is returned with expenses, and the dhlwnoured bill reflects upon the tradesman V trivstworthm.es*. In the weditor's ledger the transaction i« reconieiL and it is there as a blot upon hu reputation. Another forgets to execute an order withiu the time agreed upon. The goods are not sent in. and ottenca » takea For awhile such forgetful ness is borne with; but a repetition of gma'l nedecU wears out the patience, and custom is withdrawn. Carelessness eats away confidence and at length reputation decays, standing is lost,' and a living is forfcited.-2Mi«A Workman. In one of the southern countit* of Ireland, during a recent Assize, n witness 'who prevaricated a good deal was roughly interrogated by counsel as to the naturo o{ an oath and the awf u consequences of br^ikirur it. 'Do you know mv go« I girl, 'thundered the Crown lawyer 'wiS ffir n° J-ou.-if -™ Pcriured yourself?' Troth I do well, .Sir,' said she; ' 1 wouldn't Bet myexpmses.' K l The best cough drop for young Jadiea gVinKnigfi:6 °f dre3Sir* thiAffhcn th(* 