CLARENCE AND MUDDY PLAINS RACES. The Clarence and Muddy Plains Race Meeting for the present year was commenced yesterday on the Clarence Plains Race-course, and will be continued over to- day. This meet has now become one of the most popular in Tasmania, and novel' fails to draw together a goodly concourse of the lovers of our Isthmian sports, together with a large and fashion- able attendance of spectators. Under the immediate patronage of His Excellency the Governor, and managed by a most influential and energetic committee, the annual gathering at Clarence Plains is an event looked forward to with a large amount of pleasurable anxiety, and those who honored the meeting with their presence yesterday must have been greatly pleased at the satisfactory manner in which the whole of the arrangements were carried out. c The weather, which, on the preceding evening, was somewhat threatening, cleared off towards early morning and by ten o'clock the sun shone out brightly, and there was just enough wind to render the atmosphere cool and agreeable. The steamer Twins commenced running from the wharf to Kangaroo Point early in the morning, and until noon continued to convoy large numbers towards the scene of sport. The Twins proves herself a most useful description of ferry on occasions of festivity, or for general purposes, for on her first return trip we counted on her deck no less than 56 horses, 18 carriages of various descriptions, and 300 people. The road from Kangaroo Point to the race course is in first-rate condition, and reflects the highest credit upon the works department of the municipality. There was no lack of the means of transit from the jetty, large numbers of conveyances plying for hire at most reasonable rates. During the early hours of the day the road presented a most animated appearance crowds of horsemen and vehicles of every description, from the " one horse shay" to the more aristocratic four in hand," . hurrying to the scene of attraction. On arriving at the course we found all the usual concomitants of a race meeting, with the novelty of only one booth, which was presided over by Mr. Medley, of the Horse and Jockey Inn, Rokeby. Here a very fine spread was laid out, including every seasonable delicacy, which would have done honor to a metropolitan caterer. The course is a one mile run/ and is situate on the Muddy Plains between two books of the sea. It has a very picturesque aspect. The ground itself is of a spongy character, and very spring, from the fact that the tide when high occasionally flows over it. It is just that description of land which is calculated to try the metal of any racer, and it was yesterday somewhat heavy, consequent upon the rain of the previous day. The great novelty of the present meeting was the debut of the Boiardo stock in Tasmanin.ropresented by Mr. Graves's Minstrel, and Mr. Peat's Poet. For the introduction of this valuable new stock the colony is indebted to John Lord, Esq., who has always evinced a large amount of commendable spirit in endeavoring to improve the breed of our stock generally, but of our horse stock in particular -a spirit which many others of our wealthy settlers might creditably imitate, Boiardo, the sire of the two winning horses of yesterday, is the property of Mr. Austin, a well-known sporting celebrity of Victoria, and a gentleman who has done much to advance the interests of horse racing. The dam of Minstrel is Remnant, a mare foaled from Mirror, a very valuable thoroughbred mare, purchased by John Lord, Esq., from the stud of His Grace the Duke of Richmond, and imported by him to this colony. Poet is out of Ellen Tree, whose dam was also Mirror, consequently there could be no finer blood found in this hemisphere than that which was presented on the course yesterday. The introduction of this high caste of horses into the colony, we consider to be of very great importance, to the breeder of stock, and therefore we have thus occupied more than an ordinary amount of space in calling attention to it. There were four events on the card of yesterday, the first of which was the MAIDEN- PLATE of 25 sovs. Once round the course; heats. Town Plate weights 3 years old, 7st. ; 4 years, 8st. 5lb. ; 5 years, 9st. ; 6 years and aged, 9st. 5lb. Entrance, 2 sovs. Mr. J. W. Graves' h g. Minstrel, 3 years, magenta jacket and black cap 1 1 Mr. S. Harris's c m. Lady Bird, 3 years, crime you jacket, black and gold cap . 2 dr. Before starting the odds were five to four, and in some instances two to one on Minstrel, who, on the signal being given, jumped off with the lead and completely ran a way from his opponent, who was scarcely seen afterwards, never having the ghost of a chance even to approach her antagonist. The idea of contest was, in fact, so absurd that after the first heat the mare was drawn, and Minstrel was allowed to walk round the course and take the race. The second event was the WATERLOO PLATE of 40 sovs., with a sweepstakes of £10 each added, half-forfeit. Distance, 3 miles. Town Plate weights. Entrance, 3 sovs. Mr. I. Pearl's be. Poet, 3 years, jacket with blue body and "red sleeves, cap white with red piping 1 Mr. W. Hurley's cm. Flying Doe. aged straw colored jacket and black cap 2 Mr. H. Kearney's o.g. Archer, 4 years, yellow jacket and black cap 3 Mr. S. Blackwell's b.g., Donnybrook, 4 years, pink jacket, and black cap. 4 Mr. J. Taylor's b.g. Alabama, 5 years, blue jacket, yellow and black cap. 5 Long prior to starting, in fact, for days previously, Archer was the favorite. In many quarters ' Donnybrook was held in great repute, and odds of three to two were laid upon them freely, and in some cases, even greater odds were offered. As much as ten to two was laid that either one or other of these horses would have the first place. Flying Doe and Alabama had also their friends, who backed them at odds. Betting men were very chary in respect to Poet, it being known that the horse had slightly chest-foundered himself in a ' three miles gallop with eleven stone upon his back, and that he had had six quarts of blood taken from him only on Thursday last. Notwithstanding this however, a few of the knowing ones made up their books upon the colt, and their expectations were not disappointed, a magnificent start was effected, the Flying Doe going off with the lead at a moderate pace, followed by Alabama, and the rest in the ruck, Archer and Donnybrook evidently running a waiting race. Donnybrook soon cut out the running for the others however and took the placeofAlabama with Archer close upon his quarter, hard held, the Poet being fourth. These places were held during the first mile and on passing the grand stand (par excellence) a trial for foot took place between the Doe, Donnybrook, and Archer, when Donnybrook made a rush to the front, the Doe now occupying the second place. Archer was still hard held and the cry became pretty general that he would be the winner. This order was maintained for the second mile and the pace now quickened, the race becoming very exciting. On going round for the third time in the hand by the grand stand, the Poet made a magnificent rush, and at once took up the running followed by the Doe and Archer third. A desperate effort was now made to rice the Poet by Donnybrook, Archer, and the Doe, but having gained the front, the colt ran clean away from the rest, and came in an easy winner by several lengths. A beautiful effort was made for second place between The Doe, Archer, and Donnybrook, but the speed of the mare was too much for the others, and she maintained her second place and saved her stake. The run for third place was almost a dead heat. The time, which was taken by two of Domett's celebrated stop watches, was 5min. 54sec. The last round was at a most terrific " bat," indeed, as fast racing as we have witnessed in the colonies. We should, injustice, not omit mentioning that both Minstrel and Poet the winners of the two leading events of the day, were trained by Whitton, and that the form in which they were brought out, reflected the highest credit upon the care and judgment exercised in their preparation. Both wore also piloted by a lad from Waldock's stables in Victoria, whose riding was the theme of general admiration. SELLING STAKES of 25 sovs., with a sweepstakes of 2 sovs. added. Twice round the course Entrance, 2 sovs. Weight for age. Horses entered not to be sold to carry 5lb. penalty to be sold for £100 weight for age for £80, allowed 7lb. j for £60, allowed 14lb. j for £40, 2116. for £20, 2616. The winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race, and any balance above the upset price to go to the funds. 2 years, Out. 3 years, 8st. 4 years, M. ; 5 years, 9st. 10lb. ; 6 years and aged, 10st. Mr. Watkin's b g. Sir Watkin, 5 years, scarlet jacket and black cap, to be sold for £40 1 Mr. H. Kearney's b.g. Cornstalk, 5 years, yellow jacket and black cap, to be sold for" £50 2 Mr. S. Harris's b.g. Pope, aged, crimson jacket and black and gold cap, to be sold for £40. 3 Mr. S. Blackwell's Black Jack, aged, pink jacket and black cap, to be sold for £00. 0 For this race Cornstalk was the favorite, and two to one was offered against Sir Watkin, who went away with the lead, which he alternately changed with Cornstalk, the others being no where. Blackwell's Black Jack being lamont table in the rear was pulled up when half-way round the course. A beautiful race was made in the second mile between Sir Watkin and Cornstalk, and the former, after a most exciting content was landed a winner by about a length and a half. Immediately after the race Sir Watkin was put up to auction but there was no bid above the stipulated sum. SELLING HACK BACK of - sovs., tim winner to be sold for £20 immediately after the race, and any balance above the upset price to go to the funds. Post entry. Once round, boats. Weight, lOst. Three horses were entered for this event, which was won by Mr. Harris's Pope. This closed the sport for the day. The events on the card for this day are the All Age Stakes, the Shorts, the Ladies' Purse, and the Consolation Handicap. 