Tae Xleren t. Twenty-two of the Southern HemUpIiere. Ab the mitchwas conclndod by twelve o'clock (it was purposely commenced at half-past ten), another was commenced in about half an hour between the Eleven and ' Twenty-two of tbe Southern HeiniBphcre.' Eleven of the Canterbury players having a few days previously played Elevonof Otngo, remained in Dunodia to amalgamate with their anondmn oDDonents for tbe second match, and the result wag a most excellent game ; although, when it was com menced, it was Hut considered probable that it conld be played out, as the Bteamcr was to sail for Lyttleton on tho following evening, nt six o'clock. Tho provincials in this match had tbo good sanso to avail themselves of Willa's services, which proved to be of considerable advantage to them. Tho New Zealandera tent in Wilson and Tulton, to the bowling of Hayward and Tlnicy, bnt the former was stumped by Lockyer at tor lie hid scored 1, Ho was succeeded by Potty?, who soon b-w h is partner dismissed by a 'slow, and received himself a similar complimont, from Hayward. (Throo wickots for 6.) H. Mace and Tennantwere now opposite each other, bnt could . da nothing with Tinloy, and wero oiught by Grace ana Caffyn respectively. Maodonnld was the first to mako a stand, and by some really good batting made 0, when the ever- watchful Xockyer stumped him. E. C. Stevens followed ; bnt Caffyn, who had taken tbo ball from Hay ward, disposed of him for 1, and C. Mace ap peared on the scone, and commenced steadily, out soon los1; his partner, Sale, who was secured in thes'ips by Pair, off Caflyn. Redfern joined . Jlacs, and the two punished the bowling, espe cially tbe clows, considerably, Kedfern hitting in his nsnal slashincr manner, and walkine oat to meet tbe slows. At length, however, he missed one, and Lockyer was behind the wicket. He made a 4, two 3's, and a single Bennett (tbe captain) filled the breach, and commenced with a rattling 3 off Tinky, and then Mnco'fl time waa up, being caught by Tarrant, off Jackson, who had relieved Oaflyn. His steady atjlo of batting waamnch admired by the Eleven, his acore being 10, seven of which wore singles. Wills now came to tbe reBCue, but in trying a rnthor sharp run, Bennett failed to ro.ioh bis orcasa in tlrm, and retired in favour of Jacomb, who, with Wills, made a palpable increase in tho acbre, both batting freely, until Wills snicked a ball into Lockycr's tenacious fingers, and retired with 11 lo his name. Reea and Worthlngton had sonrody time to look round them before the wioket-kee[iing wonder disposed of them. Mytton mado a splendid 4, oft Jac!i30E, and a single, when Tiuloy reached his stnraps. Jacomb was shortly after run out, after a long innings, in which ho scored 9. Winter and Turton no\r focodenoh othor, nnd (just prior to this), incompliance with a generally expressed wish, Tarrant waa put on ; it was off his second ball that Jacomb was tun out, ' the Buck ' having hit tho first for 3. Carpenter now disposed of Teuton and his successor, J. Mace, by two of thosa peculiar catches he makes off Tinley, and then Winter's middle stnmp was seen flying across tho ground, the motive power boing Tarrant. J. W.Stephoos appeared Inclined to stick, but was run out, learlnc Tnvlor l\nrl Dlrtkpnsnn tn rlpr-'rt* -toHa should carry ont his bat; but Loskycr settled the question by slumping the former, tbo telegraph board showing all out for 01. At abont ualf-past four, Jackson and Grace assumed tbe defensive to the fire of Rodforn and Wills. Jncksen made 1 off Ucdfern'i) first, and Grace 4 off tue second; but In the next over from the tamo bowlorj Jaokson wns c»nn*» 'uy WMsvm tmldsi great Applause. (One wicket for §.) Tsrtnnt, Carpenter, and Caffyn came and went with roninrkahle celerity, and only mado 6 betwoon them, Grace, in tho meantime, playing very steadily, and making ten singles in suoccs ?lon (soinothing unusual for him). He was now joined by Lockyor, and 60me great hitting was exhibited, it eoemhig likely that tho score would ba headed before they wore parted, but such was not to bo, for, after giving more than one cl.nnco, Grace lifted one from Wills into the nir, which was secured by 'Worthington, after a brilliant though lnoky innings of 42, In which were tbreo 4's, three 3'e, and four 2's. Farr came next, but Bennett nabbed him oS the same bowler without soorlng. 'The Ancient Roman' now appeared, but only made a single when he was well caught by Macdonald from a fine hit off Maoe, which deserved a butter fate. Clarke and Tinley received their quietus from the same bowler, one being remarkably well caught by Fulton, and the othor bowled off his leg. Hayward now joined Lockyer, and made two 3'a oil Mace, when tha innings was finished by Rees, who caught Lock jer at mld-on, tho total boing tho smallest yet made by the Eleven In the colony, viz., 73. The inntoga was commenced on tho 4th, ana finished nt a quarter-past twelro on tho Stli. But little tlaia was lost in putting in the New Zealanders for their second Innings, and as they were eighteen to the good, the Eleven seemed determined to mako up for it by keouing tho Mote at the minimum. Lockyor, In particular, whoso magnificent wlcket-kceplng*£ad rousod the admiration and wonder of tha spectators, and also kept them in roars of laughter, in this innings excelled himself; TinUy and Tarrant oomrnenood the bowling to Dickonson and Wilson, and of) Tinley's second boll the former fi»Um«n wm Mtonished at finding himself atumpod. O.Maea joined Wilton, but the two thared the same fat* as (heir predecessor for 1 ?aab Tarrant then did the amiable for Jacomb (four wUktt* ba 6 rues), aud Jlaodosald and Sale wore together, nnd suroeedod in keeping up their wickets for tome time. The lntter wns eventually caught by Tarrant off his own bowl iig, and 'Mao' failed to stop one of '1 inlay's, nn-1 retired for 10. 'Worlliington and Red/am wore now togetbor, tho former playiog well ; but R d fern, unfortunately, KOt run out, Hunks to the coittbhud elTi.Its of .'F.ckstm oud Tint- y, a very Bmait piece of fildinR. Tin Cnrpnnter nnd' Tinl.-y ar.-Mige.-nont next 1 ot rid of Worthing tin, tlio quiV't manner in which the cntoh 'an mido aflurditiK great amuserannt. Powys hit Tinloy high into the nir, nnd seeing Carpontor standing under it quiotly awaiting its f'eicont, he wnlkcd off to the dressing-room anticipating Hi doom. Fron tome extraordinary ciueo, however, Onrpsnter missed the catch ; but the victim was too far from tho wicket to prevent his being run out, to tbe intense amusement of the players and upeclators. Roes, undeterred by his fate in tbe first innings, ovor-ronchod his crease in plnying nt a terrific ball from Tarrant, and his bails were oft like lightning. This was the fc.it uro of the nutch, the manner in which Lock'yor took tho ball and put down tho wicket being most wonderful. Tennant fell & victim to Carpenter at point, off Tarrant, and Turlon took hia place, and rotained it until nearly tho last, seeing six of hi* comrades disposed of easily Wills tried bis old gamo of standing in front of his wicket to a curly one from Tinley, but Csr peatet took the ball literally off tho face c.f his bat. None of the othera made any stand, nnd when Turtou was caught by Car penter for 13, tho game was virtually over, Winter and Stephens making nothing, and Taylor carrying out his bat for 4. Total, Cti. It beiue now fivo o'clock, there was no time to piny nuy longer, and tho game was thoreforo drawn. [ rbs foirca of this raatcli also appeared in Dell's Lifts, of 13th February.] The arrangements made by Mr. Jones wero of the most complete and liberal oharaoler. Tbo players were taken to and from tbo ground oioh day in a coach and six, a good band, under the leadership of Monp, Fleury, plnjed on the. ground each iKy, and an excellent lunch- pro vided, at which tbe U3U&I; speeohea wero so frequoutly repealed that your readers must know them by heart, if they Imvo been in tho habit of attending cricket luncheons. The accommoda tion at the Provincial was of a first-olass charac ter, and Suadraek'u cook is n man to bo worshipped. Tho Dunodln people did not appnar lo hold cricket in very great estimation, as tho attendance on oacb day, both on the ground end Btand, was considerably less than was expected. Caledonian sporta .«eem to bo the weakness of the ' Old Identities,' who are mostly from north of Tweed, and who, I understand, regard with feelings ol horror the enoroachments of the goa head Victorians upon their serious family oirclc. With regard to the ground, considering that two months ago it was a swamp, as I said boloro, it is very ercditable, but being mado of turf (a sort of pent) the sods hnvo not hfld time to set to gether, and tho ground cuts up very much — so much so, that the wickots had to be changed after osch innings. On the last day the Maorics, who had come up from Port Chalmers to see the match, pcrpotrated a war dance, of the propriety of whion the less said tha better. Ic was cer tainly an tye-oponor to the English visitors. After tho stamps were drawn, the Eleven pro ceeded to embark for Lyttleton, on bsard tbo 'City of Dunedin,' a fiHo now paddle steamor, built' purposely for tbe trade, nnd a similar water procession to that at Port Chalmers conducted tbe team on board. The boaU prcsznted a very pretty tight, and it was very gratifying to tho orickctcrs to know that here, as nt tho Fort, tho watermen voluntooicd tlnir gratuitous services. The Canterbury cloven were passengers by tbo simo boat, and a jolly set ol fellows thoy were, and contributed int:oli to beguile the tcdiousnets of tbo voyage by their songs and joviality. Wo were out of aigbt of land nntil about midday on Sntu'rdny, a strong head wind blowing all ths way from anchorage to anchorage. The coast is very grand, precipices, caverna, nnd bsautlful inlets being the distin guishing features. Wo arrived at Port Cooper, KUU 1IO1UUUI Ui JJJ LblUkUUj UUVU. bUU U UIUUIV \1U Saturday night, tho Gtb, and tho appearance of tho town, embosomed in the dusky hills, with tho lights shining from the houses and streets, lent an appe&ranoe; to the scene like fairy-land, or Cremorne, or Bomething of that kind. Immedi ately on coating anchor, the indofatiaab'.e 8had rack, attended by his ' GhoBt,' went ashore to see if Lyttlettn cunld provide accommodation for the party ; and shortly returned, with the plea saut announcement that beds had been secured at tho 'Queen's,' and that all Lyttloton and half Christchurch had been waiting Ml the afternoon to give a ' reception' and conduct the ' mon of tho day' to ClmstchurcU in triumph. As tho night was bo far advanced, however, nnd as it would have spoilt the ' fake' to make tho team too choap by parading the liens before tho proper time, the landing was conducted as quiotly as DORftible: nnd excant a favr fmthiiRlnKta whn hiwl waited all day, and wcra determined not to be disappointed, no one know that tbo celebrities had landed. The excellent supper provided by Mr. Fairharat WO3 disposed of with right good will, and unattended with the hundreds of staring oyes which are generally part of the entertain ment at feeding time. The following Sunday was passed quietly in strolling about the moun tains which encircle tbe town, and Mr. Fairhurst kindly lent a few horses, which courtesy was much appreciated by those who availed them selves of it ; and a rido round tho ' bottom of tho hills,' where all tbo goods Me convoyed from Lyttleton to Christ church. The rido was n most extraordinary ono to any one to whom New Zealand roads were unknown. Tho bay beneath soetngd dotted with small boats, iustond of respectably eiz.d vessels, and a shy on the part of tho Rotiuantoj would have sent horse and rider Bome hundreds of feet down tho BiJe of tho monntnin into the eca. The party naturally wondered, if this waa gDing round tho bottom of tho hills, what roust goinc over tho top bo, for thore is a D»thwav used only by foot-pasaongera nnd horsemen over the mountains, which saves some miles ; but, from what I hear, It tries fearfully the muso'.es of the leg to surmount the difficulties. Moro of this anon. After a most exccllont dinner at the ' Queen's,' tbe evening was spent quietly, and at nine o'clock tho next morning, the te»m proceeded to Chrlstchurch by the road round tho mountains, and arrived nt tho railway Btntion in about an hour and a half. Tho Clirittohurch nnd Lyttleton poople deserve great credit for their enterprlso in making tho road through the enor mous difficulties they must have bad to contend with, and still moro so for having commenced to cut a tunnel through Ihc mountains to allow of risllway communication between the two placoa. They have now mado considerable progress with it, and it is expected to be completed fn between two and three years. After orbing the hills, the country consists of vast plains, fonio 200 miles by 40 in orient, principally ocoupied by squatters and farmers, and tho lino of railway is consequently nearly a dead level to Christcburcii ; on arriving at which place, the mayor and all the notabilities of «ho town or city wero assembled at tho station, with a baud, coaches, carriages, four-in-hands, fligs, evergreens, jollity and welcome. Aftor the ubiquitous Sbadrack bad dono tha honours of introduction, ,1iA nnrf.v nr/u-pniinrl in rrrnnH nrn^fatlnn if\ tlin Town Hall, and went through a courso of liquor and speeohifying, about which thero wa* no novelty, except that the Mayor, Mr. Ollivier, occupied the chair, supported by His Honor the Superintendent of the province and tho'Arcli doacon of Christchuroh, whioh shows tnst nerr at any We, tho Churoh seos noting prc,fano ^ the game Cf crioket. doorgo Parr has had so much speechifying to do since his arrival in the colonios, that ho contemplates contesting the first vacant seat in the Houso of Com-nons on hi* return home, Aftor the Town Hall festivities, the team were driven round tha town, and oventunlly deposited at the Al hotel, whero a capital lunch was preparod, and, nfter a little jaw exercise, an adjournments the ground followed, and about Ibreo o'clock oa Monday, lSfh February, com menced Vlia Canterbury Pilgrimage. On arriving on the ground, conveyed thither by Iho ooaoh and six, the playing portion was narrowly inspcoted, and found to be- in excellent condition, compared with many of thoso on which the eleven had plnyed slnco leaving Mcl bourno, although tho ficldiug portion wes deci dedly rough and uneven, a defect which llio Christchurch olul) intend toiemoay next ssison. A very nice pnvilion Is already creotcJ, and this was, for the nonce, converted into a stand for tho accommodation of the elite, another spacious stand being devoted to the general public, who muslero J pretty strongly ; but tbo glorious attend ance »t the Melbourne match .makes all other places visited by the team appear somowhst insignificant. At about three o'clock, tbo match commenced by Wilson aud Wood gains; to tho wicket*, to tbe bowling of Jackson and Tinley ; and so excellently did the latter two acquit themselves, that the provincials appeared spell-bound, and by about fivo o'olock the whole twenty-two were out for 30 runs. It is, therefore, quite unnecessary to describe tho play, tho highest scoror being Joe Bennett (no relation to tho Molbourno 'Mulli- gan'), who mado 7, Wills, who teamed like Bcoring, being unfortunately run ont after making 4. Thoro wero no less than twelve clack's eggs. Alter a short interval, the eltven sent in Grace and Tarrant, Wills and Stevens handling the leather. The boDes of Canterbury wcra in the ascondant when 'Wills's first ball took Gracu's v/Ickot, although those who had looked fozwa-.d to » fiae display of bitting at tho hands of Mr. Gtjco wore much disappointed. Andorson was tho next, and, niter scori. g 2, wa» caught hy Blnckiston, off Wills. Tho - urapi were than drawn for tho tiight, Twrant carrying out his bat for 8. On resnmlng- on the fjll iwing m irnliiir (tho 0t!i), Hayw.vd juittod Tsrrn.it, nnd tley, with the remainder r.f the team, cave plenty ofoccJ pition to tin fieldsmen until fivo o'clock; when they wore nil out for 137 r.-.ns, Cuucntrr anl Lickyer belug-lho two highest scorers— viz., 23 o ch. In j-jstloj to L--cky=r. however, it must be mentioned that n hit for 3, mada by Oilfyn, wns, through a mistake on the part of tbe scorers, crcdite.i to Caruoutcr, whio1!, if cj.-rcc'ed, would Caiiyn's to 15, leaving Lockyer tho highest scoror. Titera was no doubt of tho error, and it ia Btraugf that was the only one, as so m»uy poup'c mado tho purlieus of tho scoring tent their rendezvous., and kept np such an uninterrupted conversation and course of appeals to tho scorers to decide questions at issue, that it was next to an impossibility lo avoid mistakes. However, the entry having been mado, no alteration was allowed, nnd tho (core stands us put down. At the lunch, Parr told the Twonly-two tha'! they had a dcnl of crickot in them if they wnnld only gut rij of the funlc which was established ; nnd they provod tho truth of his remarks by going to the wickots the eeconil innings with an amount of pluck which was an entiro stranger to them in tbe first, Mooro and Wood being tho first two. The first of Tiuley'd was ollarcd by Mooro for 4, and tl.it commencement vm'haikd with great checrin/t, and seemed to inspire bath bntsinon with confidence; and when the first wicket fall fWond'sV 15 rnnR nnnpnivrl nn tho hoard. W. C. Wilson followed, and mado a good stand for 12, and then five wickets fell for nothing, until E. C. Sloven ( and Tennant got together, when somo bril'inut batting was exhibite J, especially by tho latter, who plnyed in a really fl.st-olass manner, playing tin slows with a power and ease not to bs surpassed, nnd never giving tho Rhost of a chanoe, except nfter he had made all his runs, when he gave Lockyer a chance of stump inj? him, which, for a wonder, was not taken. Afcor a most btil'Unt muiogs of 28, ho was, unfortunately, run out. His innings comprissd two 4's, two 3's, nnd four 2's. Mytton, tho Canterbury slopger, mada some lively play for hU 8, and gut Jackson nway for a 3, but the long-'un bad him nt last. Wills followed, . and commenced hy driring Jackson for 4, amidst great cheering, but, aftor two tingUs, Jack wab not to bo denied and landed ono in his timber yard. But llttlo more wns done after this. Willa played a pretty innings for C, and J. W. Stevens carried out his bat for 2, making the total 105, or two below tho number' requirod to til tho score of the Eleven in tbe first innings. Tho improvement in tho hatting of the Twenty-two was wondorful, nnd the spectator* encouraged them by cheering most lustily when n particularly good hit was male. The fielding of the Eleven was oxrollent, Carpentor, at point, making a wondorful loft-handed catch, and Clarke and Grace, at long leg and cover point, saving many a 4 by their brilliant fielding. TWEXtt'-TWO OF CANTEKBUUY. Firtt Innings. Wood, b Jackjon, 1, 1,1,1, 1 ? ,. S W. C. Wilson, 0 Carpenter, b Tinley, 1 ? 1 Knyvett, c Caffyn, b Tinley, 1 ? 3 A. L. Powys, 0 Caflyn, b Jackson, 3 ? ,T..,.. 2 J. B.Wilson, b Jackson ? 0 Sale, et Lookyer, b Tinley, 1 ? 1 Dawe, b Jackson ? e Lanco (captain), b Jackson ? 0 K. C. J. Stevens, c Anderson, b Tinley, ], 1 ? 3 Tennant, st Lockyer, b Tinley, 1 ? 1 Wills run ou!\ 2, 1, 1 ? :....... « BlaUstoii.st Lockyer. b Tinley, 1 ? 1 Bennett,! b w, b Tinley, i. 1, 1 ? ., ? 1 It. TowyB, c Anderson, b Tinley, ? 0 Mytton. D Jackson ? ; ? ? ? , 0 Wi'les, b Jackson ? ,. q J. W. StevenB, st Lockyer, b Tinley ? ? 0 Parkeraon, c Parr, b Tinley,. ? 0 Turner, 0 Tarrant, b Tinley.. ? a Dickinson, run out, ], 1. 1 ? 3 Tavlor, c Carpenter, b TinUy ? 0 oiuurc, uvi. uuk...... ., ? , ? u Leg bye ? 1 Total ? 30 Second Innings. Wood, b Tlnicy. 2. 2 ? 4 W. C. Wilson, 0 Purr, b Tinley, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 3 12 Knvvett, c Lockyer, b Ilnley ? , 0 A L. Powys, rtm outi 1,2, 1 ? - J. 15. Wilson, 0 Carpcntsr, b Tinley ? 0 SalcbTinley ? 0 Dawe, run out, 1, 1 ? , ? 2 Lance (captain), b nayword ? 0 B. C.J.Stevens, 0 Tarrant, b Tinley, 1,3,3, 1.,.. j Pennant, run out, t, 2, 1, 2, 3, 1, 2,3, 1, 1, 3, 1, 1, 4 38 Wills, b Jackson, 4, 1, 1 ? 0 Blakiston. b Tlnicy ? 0 Bennett, b Hayward ? 0 K. Powys, cHoyward, b Tinley, I ? 1 Mytton, b Jackson, 1, 3. 1, 1, 2 ? 8 Wllles, c Carpenter, b Tiuley, 2, 2, 1, 1 ? 6 J. W. Stevens, not out, 3 ? a Pa'kerson, c Parr, b Jackson, 1,1,1 ? 3 Turner, b Tinley ? ,,....... 0 Dickinson, c Parr b Hayward ? 0 Tnylor, 0 Lookycr, b Tinley, 4,1. ? .' ? 5 Moorf, b Tinier, 4. 2. '.'.' ? ..10 Bjcs 2, leg bycj 4, wide 1 ? ;. r Total ? ......,., ? 105 THE OLD ENGLAND ELEVEN. Grace.b Wills ? 0 Tarrant, 0 Ttnnant, b Will?, 3, 1, 1; 4,1, 4,2...... 16 Anderson, c Ulaklston, b Wills, 2 ? 3 Hayward, c Bale, b Wills. 1, 1, s, 1,2.1, 1,1, 1.... 11 ? Carpenter, 0 Ljnce, b Wills, 1, 2, 1, 3, 1, 1, 3, 4, 1, 3.1,2 ? 23 Caflvn, runout, 1,1, 1, 2.1,2,3,1,1.... ? 12 Lockyer, a Lance, b Tennant ? 23 Parr, h Wilts, 1.1,1, 1,4.2.1,3 ? 14 K. C. Clarke, c S'cvens, b Taylor, 4, 3, 1, 3, 4, 3 . . It Tin!e3\ 0 Ssle, b Taylor, 1, 4, 1, 2, 2, 1, 1 ? 13 Jackson, not rut ? 0 Byes 5, wldcs3 ? , ? 8 Total ? 137 ANALYSIS OF TUX BOWLIXO. Tub Tttentt-two. — First Innings : Jackson bowk'd 80 balls, 11 run?, 11 maidens, 7 wickets . Tinier. 83 balls, 18 runs, 10 maidens, 12 wIckcU, Second Innings: Tinley, 128 tails, 6B runs,!) maidens, 11 wickets ; Jackson, 76 balls, 20 ram, 10 maidens, 4 wlclcols, 1 wide; ilayward, 12 balls, 10 runs, 0 mnidiiiB, 3 wickets. TriE Klevf.s.— Wills bowled 208 balls. 55 runs, 21 maidens, 0 wickets ; J. W. Stevens, 8 bnll(, 7 runs, 1 wide; Tennant, lit balls, 47 runs, 12 maidens, 1 wide, 1 wicket; Dickinson, CO balli, la runp, 8 maidens, lwldos Taylor, is balls, & runs 3 maidens, 2 wickets. After tho conclusion of tl.'O above match, another wan commenced between two elevens chosen by 1'arr and Anderson ; but, ni it was got up moro to occupy the time than anything elss, it showed no remarkable features,' except tho splendid b.itting of Tennant, who tnndo tho blithest score in each inningp, viz., 21 and 33; Qraco, on tho opposite sid;, heading the poll with 18 and 21\. Mono of the ?:iti»hers appeared to pluv with lli.it vigour and intorcst whloh they cxhibft in matches against others, which may be ac counted for by the fact of it only being oon sidered a scratch match to fill up the time of our stay in Christchurcb. I will therefore refrain from plvin^ any details, and content myself with th 3 score. PARR'S ELKVEH. First Inningi. Turrant, cand b Grace ? .'. ? 0 Tennaut.nm out, 1, l, 4, 4, 4, 2, 1, 2, 8 ? .-.., 21 Clarke, b Grace, 1 ? 1 Ilayward, b Graoa ? 0 A. Powyi, run oat, 3, 1 ? 4 CatTyn, b Wllli', 2, 4, 1, 1. 2, 4, 2 ? 16 Lanoe, 0 Carpenter, b Wills, I ? ; ? 1 Parr, notout, 1,2. 3, 4, 3,3 ? .,.;. ? 15 J.Wood 0 Loclcver, b Grace ? ,,,.. ? 0 Blakiston, b Wills. 1, 1 ? :,,., 3 Tinley, c Anderson, b Grace,-! ? ,. ,, 1 Byes 3 ? ....... 3 Toiai ...:...';.... .;.'.'.'.?... '.T.Tr. ;*?; Second Innings. ....... Tarrant, 0 Wills, b Grace, 1, 1, 4, 1, 1, 1, 4 ........ 13 Tennant, run out, 3, 4,1, 3,1, 1,2,1, 4,1, 1,3,3, 1,( 33 Clarke, 0 Ctcsar, b Grace ? ., ? 0 ITavwnrd, c Jackson, bGrace, 1,1, 1. ,.,.;.,,,.. ,. 3 A. Powys, b Grace, J, 4 ? ,. ? .;........? t Caflyn, 0 Lockyer, b Grace, 2, 4, 1, 4, 4, 3, 1, 2 *o . 31 Lance, b Wil's, 3, 1, 1, 4 ? ....;.? 9 Parr, b Wills, -i ? .' ? 2 J. Wood, b Wills, 3 ? 2 Dlaklston, not out ? 0 'Unity, absent ? .' ? ..;.-... Wide .v ? 1 Total ? ,'. ? ..;......... 89 ANDERSON'S ELEVEN. Fint Inninjs. ' Grace, (t Powys, b Cunyn, 3, 3, 1,4,3, 3, 4 ?,,.... 18 Wilson 0 nod b Hay ward ? 0 K. C. Stevens, b Havwird, 1, 1, 1 ? 3 Carpenter, 0 nnd b Ilayward ? 0 Cawar, b CiirTyn.S. 3, 3, f, 1, 1.1...... ? 13 Lockyor, 0 Cuflyn, b Hayward, 3,3 ? IS Anderson. oTinloy.b Oaflya, 3 ? 3 Sale, st Powys, h Ilayward, 1, 4, 1, 2, 1 ? 9 Jackson, lbw, bC'ouyn, 3, 1,4, 2, 3, 1,1 ? 13 Wills, not out, 2 ? 3 Mytton, b Ilujwutd, 1, 1,1..., ? ., ? 3 Byes ? 2 Tctal ? 71 Stand Inning*. Grace, b Caflyn, 2, 2, 1, 1, 1, 1, 3, 1, 3, 3, 3, 4, 3.. .. 24 WlUon, 0 Pair, b IIayw»rd, I ? 1 K. C. Htevcnj. not ouf, 4, 4 . ; ? 8 Carpenter, b Caffyn, 1, 1, 1.2, 1,1 ? 7 C'pesar, 0 Parr, b Ilayward, 1 ? , 1 L- ckycr, 0 Tinier, b Hayward, 2, 4, 3 ? B Anderson, oand b Ilayward, 4, 2, 1, 4, 4 ? 15 Sale, lbw, bOuDjn, 3 ., ? 2 Jackson, 0 Clarke, b Ilayward ? 0 Wills, 0 Lance, b Caffyn, 2 ? 2 Mytton, 0 I.iuio?, b CMTrn, 1, 4 ? 3 Jlyes ? a Tutal ? 75 ANALYSIS OF T11K DOWU.NQ. Anderioh's Klevbn. — First Innings 1 Cnffrn bowled 70 balls, 34 runs, 8 maidens, 4 wickets 1 Hay ward, 16 balls, 93 runs, 4 nuldeni, « wickets. Socond Innings: Hayward, as balls, « runs, '8 maidens, t wlokets; OaSya. 81 Lalle, .30 run*. 7 maJdrnt, ( vtiokeU. PAnn's KfctYEN.— Kirst Innings: Grace bowled 61 balls, 43 runs, 3 nmldens, S wickets ; Wills, 00 ball.', ia runs, 8 maidens, 3 wickets. Seoond Innings: Grace, 77 bnlls, 8J runs, 3 maiden*. 1 wide, 5 wi.kets i Wills, 11 bill*. 23 runi, 7 maldcas, 3 wickets. Tlio visit tu Christchuroli was ropleto with lilj'asnr ?. Tho mnsl notable fact wliloh strike* n stranger 1-: the decidedly supnrlir clins ofpo 'pin who liavo c»st their respeolivo l,ts thero, fclio irro.t m\j-rity b:ing mon of onucntion ond re finement, aod the community fjeneratly being quitu freo frum tha rowdy clement, si conspicu ous In cvory cold -producing country. ITcru tliera is the qukl'Eiiglisti cmntry town, arraying iuoll in holiday garments, and giving n thoroughly beirtfo'l English welcome to the representatives of the dear old country. Must of the team folt »hn trrimtine thev obtained here to be tho most sincere of any they had experienced, nnl nono of them camo »way without a handsome souvenir of their ' Canterbury week.' Jewellery was us pro fuse as peaches in Sydney, and many an English crickotor stroked his ohm— just by accident, of oourso— aud ilif plnyed hisfingor ornaments to the best advnn tage. The greatest complimsnt yot paid to thorn in tho cojonies was rendered by hU Honour the Superintendent of tho province, who entertained them at a dinner nt the Town Hnll, ab^ut 100 of tho most influential men in the placo being in Attendance. The dinner was supplied by 'JnckBirdsey,'Iatoof tha 'British' at Geelong, who has nn hotel under a similnr namo lure. He was foremost in his hospitality to the cricketers, and afforded them many an hour's pleasure by throwing open to them his Bplendid garden, which waR qnite n novelty nnd a trcntjioesidea giving eaoh of them a moro substan tiil recognition of his recollections nf the old c:nntry. Kohler (tho cornet of old Victoria) is fn great force at Ciiriitchnrch : ho has foma . ? ».„_ _t._.. l L.ir ^ ? it_ / ? . 1 ploa8aro*g(kruuuj auoub uuu a miio irom tlio ' city,' and I am happy to soy he is reported to bo doing very well. lie has lott nono of his did musical canning, and voika like a horso. llfs gardens arc, without exception, better oonductod than any similar plnce of amn°cnnnt I ever saw. Tbo team stayed at the Al hotel, and Messrs Blake aud LippnrJ, the hosts, showed their olaini to such a title by tho cxocllonci of thoir acoommodndon. and tho profus'on of their tablo. It is a pity to find fault with anything, but ' I am nothing if not critical,' and I must say that the Isnch on tho ground was tho worst nnd the raoBt exorbitantly charscd that ever I know on a oricket field. A coach and nix wan, as usual, ia attendance, to convey tho team to and from the gronnd, and 011 tha last two dap a ro^ular Koglish four-in-hand was substituted, tooled by tho ' Ghost,' who certainly looked as white as ono, whon he r.c&rly; up3at the lot in making a sharp turn. Kohler's band attendod cicli day, and contributed greatly to the pleasure of tho trip. On Friday, 12th February, Graca ar.d Tarra-.it wero to hove played cloven, but the weather (which had beon beautifully fine, bithertn) was so unpropitious Hint it could not come off. At three on Saturd&y; tho four-in-hand conveyed us to Hoithcate Valley (the bottom of the bills), where, nfter a refresher at another hotel ol Birdssy's, presided over by Lawrence (whilom of reputo in the cricket field and billiard room at Geelong), 'the ascent of Mont Blanc' was commenced, and it was the neatest thing of wolking that evor fell to my lot. It reminded me of the sensations dsBoribed. by peoplo who go up in balloons. After attaining a certain altitude, you got n singing in Iho ears and a partial deafness, and aa best part of tho way was through the clouds, and tho ground decidedly wot and Biippery, you may imagine the muscles of the leg wore finoly deve loped. I was In bopr-g that wo would have had n splendid view of the plains on ono aide nnd tbo sea on the other ; but the v/cathor being an gloomy, nothing but clouds were to be seon, and looking over the odge of the procipices teemed like gazing into eternity, and fenta cold shudder through one's frame. A man and * horse wore dashed to pieces a short time fiinco through riding carelessly along ono of the most dangerous places, and a wall has sinco b:cn erected to pre vent further aooidonts. After grsat exertion, we reached the summit, and had 'summat' to drink in a shanty, which appeared to oar fatigued party as welcome as a omvunt to tho lost traveller on Mount St. Uernmd, or any othor mount. After this ' modest quenchor,' it was all fun ; for, when you onco start down hill, you are bound to go. nnd go we did at a rattling paco, and got to tho bottom, feeling all the better for the journey, and brim-full ot health and spirits. On arriving at Ljttloton, we put up at tho Queen's, Mr. 1'airhnrat, tho landlord, entertain ing us as his rucsIb, and not as his customers ; and a very pretty notion be has of an entcrtain mout. He gave us a magnificent dinner and a thoroughly KngltHh welcome. Whero tho deuce they got tbeir cooks, is a mystery to me, as at cvory place wo Imvo visited in Now Zealand, the cuisine ds)-&Tt-nent; hut been such ftn would have dono crodlt oven to Mallam and King, Leaving the hJtpI'nMe arms of tho ' Quoin,' we again embarked on board tho City of Danedin, and aftor a twenty-four hours' pa«8»ce, arrived at Port Chalmers at noon on Sunday, and hr.il another Bplendid drive to Dunedin, and were Boon oomfortably settled down, with our legs under Shndrack's mahogany, at tho f'rovincial. On Monday, iu order to loae no time,. Grace and Tarrant plnyed eleven Otagonisns at single wioket, and headed them by one on the first inningi, doubling their ficoro fn tho second. Tho Eleven had no time to go in again, although there is little doubt that the two would have had an easy victory. To-day, the IGth, commence! tho last match of the jeries, v.z., Tho Eleven V. Twenty-two of Otago ; nnd nn Friday llftro ara to be 8.-1113 sporti amongst them, I hear ; a tnilo moa bstxeen Grace, and Wills, and a tinglo- wicket match betwoen SLoomuith and P. D. Hamilton, for como thou sands a side (I forget how many), particular/! of which I will iluly chroniclo. In tho mcantlmo I close this cpittlc, and am of} to the ground. rroin an utagopap'?r wo learmtio result 01 1110 first day's piny, which is shown in the subjoined OLD ENGLAND ELEVEN. First Innings. Grace, b Mncdonald ? 10 Vorraut, o Kce-, t) Wills ? 26 CalTyn.e Fox, b Kedfern ? 43 Ilayward, 0 Morris, b Macdonald ? 40 Carpenter, b Macdonald ? 11 Anderson, b Reilfcru ? 0 Locltyer. h Uedfcrn ? 0 Cluko.oIIope, b Wills ? 9 Julius Crcsar, not out ? , ? .',.13 Byes 3, le^byeaJ.wMesS .............. \\\ lp Total ? 162 Tinley and Jackunn bnve yot to go in. 