Attempt to Blow up a Federal Ship. -The New- York Times thus desorlbea a during ittempt to blow up a Federal urmod steamer :— ' At a quarter to 10 o'clock on Tuesday. Anril HL m mib biiu nuiAuii iTua mi. uuuiiur uu l-llUritMl-U Bar, the moon being but slightly obscured by clouds, a rebel torpedo-boat was distinctly seen about a hundred yards astern approaching thu ship's starboard quarter against wind aud tide, The peculiar whale-backed idiapo of the object, with the small hatch amidships, wan eutiUy dis tinguished, as was the break of the water upon hor sides, and left no doubt of tho imtu.ro nf thu visitant The alarm was instantly given, and tho mubkeU of the lookouts. were lired at the enemy, while the broadside guns were being trained upuu him. Finding himself discovered, the enemy, now abreast of the iniwnmast, and some 7u yardi distant, turned in his course and made straight fof the ship. The cable, however, had now been slipped, aud the word utven to the ouuiitcer to 'Go ahead.' Rapid discharges from tho 9-inch nuns, with ttolid shot dulling into the water all around him, ugain caused him to steer for the counter, boiling to put into operation the Batne tactics thut hud bvcu uu successful in the case of the HouhuUiiiIc; but llio motion of the propeller heroalwut kept him oil', and he was seen to puss acrous the wake of thu ship. At this point he was so near that those wliu had only come upon deck at the KiviiiK of thu alarm now saw him so plainly as to leave no doubt in their minds of his true character. The ship was kept under weigh in a circle until her vougortB, the Cunaiului^na and the Flag, wnrnud by her guns and Hi«nuls, came to her assistance. Thu people of the Flag saw nothing in the water; Uui the wardroom olnceru of the OunandaiaiuA uru confident that they saw and fired intq Mmt or another toriwdoboat. as well as tho Uuoy of thu Wabash's anchor. Tho officer of thu deck at thu time of this occurrence was by no means a novico in the matter of torpedoes, having made their acquaintance in February last, when the UouHai tonic was destroyed.' Death ok a Champion. — The Exutor papers record the death, at tho ago of -0, of Abraham Caun, at one time the champion wrontlcr of England. His great contort with PolkliiKhoru. the Cornish wrestler, forty years ago, excited national interest Lord Palmerxton and othur noblemen and gentlemen BUlwcribed £100 thruo years ago for the Devonshire athlete. Value op Land in the City op London. —It is stated by Alderman Mecjii, in a letter in tlia Gardeners' Chronicle, that a good deal of land about the Royal Exchange in now worth £1,500,00(1 per acre, and that a site in that neighbourhood, altout the size of a nobleman's drawing-ruum, would command a ground rental of £1,0(10 per annum, equal to the rental of a thousand-acre farm. Preventing Incrustation in Steam Boilkks— Mr. W. C. Page has put forward an invention which in to prevent tl;e sedimentary deposits in steam-boilers from forming a hard Grunt at the bottom and Hides, and also to rciiKwu such incrustations when formed. To this ouiiiu employs a solution prepared by heating tuu-uicr, in an iron pot, creosote, or any vegctalikVajhiinal, or mineral oil, with chloride of aniinamuin, car bonate of soda, caustic soda, or pptash, or mm soluble chloride of carlxinate, in, thp. proportion oc alxtut 16 ounces of creosote to, oau ounce of iho other alkalies mentioned. The solution thus pre pared is introduced intu. tlw btflcr turpuuli flici feed-pipe or other wlao; ajxmt ona pint tu cacti horse-power behiH BuUjciont f or a.ty)ut eight wwjIw, at the end of this time tho hoifor ia blown nfl* from the bottom, and fresh solution added. After con tinuous working far somo month*, the only opera.* tion nocessary is to blow off the boiler and reinovq the sediment by liand. When tho 'ncrugUtiun has already formed, the solution is introduced Into the boiler; it is then put into use for two or three weeks, and the deposit which wan hard before can now easily 1« removed by Iiund. The poui-' position may be made either liquid or solid. ~ ' Ludicrous Circumstance at.' the Maiikbt Duayton Tiieatiu; BuRow'uiiut in 1801.— Iii on old periodical of tUta' dutci which 1 picked up at an old boak/at^ll, ii the following humorous story, which, aupcan at the timo tu have been duly authenticated. Jt runs thus :— ' A ludicrous circumstance lately occuimi at tho Market Urayton Theatre. The company were performing 'Pizarro.1 when, during the hymn to tho sun, tbe lights beinu placed too near to tLa, transparent scene of that luminary, it unlortil natety took fire 1 The manager, who was. uiLuiHijIL as high priest just after singing the woriE 'O power 8Upremel' observed tbe luishap, und in the utmost consternation shouted out to the stage keeper, 'The sun's on firel' Still, however, ha proceeded with the hymn, and again, after thu word? before quoted, the ppo* manager f rahUcaTTC exclaimed, 'Gracious, man, nut out the sun 1 OoTa I tell you jt*« on fire.' The »un- however.; wli turned to blaae, and, the manager to alternately uu&und; even swear, till the audience, notwith standing their own fears, were literally convulsed with laughter. The Hun. however, was ultimately extinRulabed, and the play procecded.'-Anothee writer adds:-' The late theatrical accident in .Shropshire is not tlie first instance of a manager bein# Bcprched by a flame of his own kindling. During the time of Mr. Garrick'a performance in. Goodman s Fields the stage rose so much from Ib2 lamps to the back scenery tliat it was very difficult for a performer to walk properly on it, ami unWrtu nately it was then the custom to Introduce. yim ghosts On the play of ' Hamlet' in a complete suit not of gilt leather-but of real SruTour. Tho dress for this august personam'tfu one night, in honour of Mr. Garrick's Uajulot, borrowed from the Tower, and was ton.«oquently rather too ponderous for the royal Dane. The moment, therefore, tliat ho was put at the trapdoor, unaUlu, to keep hbi balance, ho rolled down the ytaao, to the lumps, y(bich catching the feather In bu helmet the ghpst seemed in dancer, o; U'ink consumed by mortal fires, till a' RcntUman roared; out fcom tke, pit 'Help I help I ^ kuipg Ija.vcj caught the cask of your spirits, and, tf' tbe won hoops &y;, the house will bo fc a. bla^e -' The coin* motion may be easily iinaitincd. The curtain dropped, and the qflrtahteu attendants ran on tho stage, carried otT the ((host, and quenched tho flra by laying nun in a tub of water.''— Shrewsbury Crmmich. How to Catch Caterpillars. — A gardner of Yvetot (Scine-Inferieure) has discovered a simple manner of ridding a K»'.«len of cater pillars. A piece of woo'len stud' having hezfr.' lodfjed in a tree by thp wind, was found to hat$ become covered by those insects. The man seeing that lesult placed several other pieces on ditforent trees, and the caterpillars settling on them In tho night he was able to destroy a uuautity overy morning. 