LITERATURE. Enoch Arden, c. By Alfred Tennyson, DCL, Poet Laureate. (Moxon and Co.) THE Master of Hearts has again selected for his theme a tale of love and strange to say, the least sensational of poets has made the passion of Enoch Arden" (the chief work as regards art and length in this new volume) turn on the incident of bigamy. The heroine, Annie Lee, plays in the first scene with two little lovers, Enoch Arden and Philip Ray, to each of whom she becomes in time a wife. Now, much as particular phrases of " Enoch Arden " ought to be admired, and this narrative contains lines of music and pictures in words of surpassing sweetness and brightness, many persons will lament that the Laureate's genius should have been wasted on the illustration of such a rais fortune. soft hat are we to gain by putting such facts as darken the life of Annie Lee poetically before the public mind ? Are the poets and novelists bent on preparing a way for the introduction of polyandry Are the young ladies of a coming age to be trained in a com- plainant belief that it is rather a poetical incident than a dark and shameful misery to have two husbands living at one times If not, why all this prostitution of art r Even when it is an accident, bigamy is an offence. To veil this offence under romantic lights and poetical idioms, may be to lessen the shame and dull the horror in feeble minds The wife of two men might in actual life be an object of pity, but hardly ever of tenderness and caressing sympathy In Mr Tennyson's new contribution to human weakness, each of the two lovers is painted as worthy of a good woman's love, and the dramatic situation reaches its height when the man first chosen by Annie Lee cornes to see the necessity of sacrificing his right, his happiness and his life to the peace and comfort of his unfaithful wife The moral is much the same as in " Not Dead Yet," but the poet's purpose being different from that of the novelist, the affairs of the second marriage, the first husband's return, and his final sacrifice, are so managed as to draw the reader's feeling along, and almost to make him applaud an act which nature, equity, and common sense must all condemn. Almost, not wholly for nature is too strong in this case to allow any, except a very feeble and sentimental reader, to be led astray. Honesty and law are both against Enoch in his silly deed and no artifices of eloquence and imagery can hide the flaw in his proceedings. The post means that his conduct shall appear brave in truth, it appears to be that of a duBttird. He represents it as strong and noble and in fact, it is deplorably mean and weak. This serious difference between the poetical intention and the practical result arises from the cardinal mistake of supposing that any claim in the world can require a man to be untrue to fact. Surely this is wrong. The first duty of man is to truth, to reality, to the thing that is No event in a man's career can ever require that he shall become a fraud, that he shall yield false testimony, that his life shall be an incarnate lie. This is Enoch Arden's case. ' To tell his story, as it is given in the Laureate's verse, is only to present the evidence which would lead the, reader to condemn his foolish and feeble life. Enoch and Philip are playmates in a little port on the English coast, who have between them a little pet and playfellow in Annie Lee. This child of the place is about coquette, who toys with the two lads, and plays " the little wife " in turns to each. Arden is a sailor, Ray a miller. As they grow up in years, they fall into serious love with the pretty girl, each in his own way ; But when the dawn of rosy childhood past And the sow warmth of life's ascending son Was felt by either, either fixt his heart OF that one girl and Enoch spoke his love, But Philip loved in silence and the girl Beem'd kinder unto Philip than to him; But she loved Enoch the she knew it not. And would it asked deny it. Enoch works for her, and wins a boat, a business, and a home. Then he proposes to her, and finds his love returned in kisses. The close of this first scene of the tale is exquisitely touched by the poor : then on a golden autumn eventide, The younger people making holiday, With bag and sack and basket, great and small, Went putting to the hazel. Philip stayed (His father lying sick and needing him) An hour behind ; but as he climbed the hill, Just where the prone edge of the wood began To feather toward the hollow, saw the pair, Enoch and Annie, silting hand-in-hand, His large gray eyes and weather-beaten face All Kindled by a still and sacred fire, That burns as on an altar. Philip look'd, And in their eyes and faces read his doom ; Then, as their faces drew together, groaned, And lips aside, and like a won Jed life Crept down into the hollows of the wood; There, while the rest were loud in merrymaking, Bad his dark hour unseen, and rose and past, j Bearing a lifelong hunger in his heart, The happy pair is pictured to the eye. Seven years of wedded life go by. A girl, a boy, and then a second boy are born to Enoch. Then comes a change over him, for which one sees very little cause beyond the necessities of the poet's story. Enoch hurts himself, falls into gloom, and goes away to sea-to China, on a long voyage, leaving Annie and her little ones behind poor and alone in the neighbourhood of Philip Ray. The police courts offer a daily illustration of what comes next. Enoch gets shipwrecked; he is cast away on a lonely isle where he spends much time in growing bent and grey, until a ship heave in sight, and he is brought to England by the compassionate crew. Meanwhile, as in all stories of this kind, the wife is poor and lonely, the lover rich and near and when time goes by without bringing news of Enoch, the deserted wife listens to the live suitor, and becomes a bigamist. Of course, much art is used by the poet to soften and explain this act of the faithless wife. She is poor ; she thinks her husband must be dead ; the lover is kind and ardent ; her children will be happier in the miller's house. But it all amounts to little more than that, by marrying again, she will better her position. A woman who has been loved as Annie Lee is loved by Enoch Arden, and who can marry his rival for silver spoons and a bright parlour, without having heard one syllable to suggest that her husband is dead, is not a person to excite much sympathy. When Annie Arden has become another man's wife, Enoch comes back to the village ; takes up his rest in a beer-shop, listens to the tale of what has happened in his absence, and resolves that he will not interfere with the happiness conferred by the possession of silver spoons. Of course, he is aware that Annie is not Philip's wife, that their child is not legitimate ; no fraud on his side can change the state of things ; but then his wife and her old lover have arranged affairs so comfortably, and they live in such a cosy house of their own, that he thinks it would be cruel to disturb them. So he looks on, and makes no sign. He de cs not rush away, and either drown himself out of evidence, become a Mormon preacher or a captain of pirates. To do that would have been strong and brave, though it might have been open to the objection that such a line of conduct was not the highest evidence of strength and valour. But Enoch does nothing of the kind ; he just stays about the beer shop, does odd jobs in the village, and nobody knows him in the place of his birth. Once, only, the wish comes upon him to see the faces of his wife and children. So he goes and enjoys a peep into the millers parlour ; But Enoch yearned to see her face again ; " If I might look on her sweet face again And know that she is happy " Be the thought Haunted and harassed him, and drove him forth, At evening when the dull November day Was growing duller twilight, to the hill. There he sat down gering on all below ; There did a thousand memories roll upon him, Unspeakable for Badness By and by The ruddy square of comfortable light, Far-blazing from the rear of Philip's house, Allured him, On the beacon-blaze failures The bird of passage, till he madly strikes Against it, and beats out his weary life. For Philip's dwelling frosted on the street, The latest house to landward ; but behind, With one small gate that opened on the waste, FlourUh'd a little garden square and wall's : And in it throws an ancient evergreen, A yew tree, and all round it ran a walk Ofihinglc, and a walk divided it But Enoch shamed the middle walk and stole Up by the wall, behind the year and thence That which he better might have sound, U griefs Uko his have worse or better, Enoch saw. For cups and river on the burnishM board sparkled and shone ; so genial was the hearth : Ac- on the right hand of the hearth he saw Philip, the alighted suitor of old times, r Stout, rosy, with Us babe across sickness;, And o'er her second rather stood a list. A letter tot s loftier Annie Lee, Fair-haired and tall, and from her lifted hand Dangled a length of ribbon and a ring To tempt the babe, who read his creasy arms, Caught at and ever missed it, and they laughed : And on the left hand of the hearth he saw The mother glancing often toward her babe, But turning now and then to speak with him, her son, who stood beside her tall and strong, And saying that which pleased him, for he smiled. Now when the dead man come to life beheld His wife his wife no more, and saw the baby Bera, yet not his upon the father's knee, And all the warmth, the peace, the happiness, And his own children tall and beautiful, And him, that other, reigning in his place, Lord of his rights and of his children's love, Then he, the' Miriam Lane had told him all, Because things seen are mightier than things heard, staggered and shook, holding the branch, and fear'd To send abroad a shrill and terrible cry. Which in one moment, like the blast of doom, Would shatter all the happiness of the hearth. He therefore turning softly like a thief, < lest the harsh shingle should grate underfoot, And feeling all along the garden wall, seat he should swoon and tumble and be of mud, Crept to the gate, and opened it, and closed, As lightly as a sick man's chamber door, _ Behind him, and came out upon the waste. And there he would have knelt, but that his knees Were feeble, so that falling prone he dug His fingers into the wet earth, and prayed. " Too hard to bear 1 why did they take me thence 7 O God Almighty, blessed Saviour, Thou That did'st uphold me on my lonely isle, Uphold me, Further, in my loneliness A little longer I aid me, give me strength Not to tell her, never to let her know, Help me not to break in upon her peace. My children too I must I not speak to these ! They know me not I should betray myself. Never : no father's kiss for me-the girl so like her mother, and the boy my son." There speech and thought and nature failed a little, And he lay tranced , but when he rose and paced Back toward his solitary home again, All down the long and narrow street he went Beating it in upon his weary brain, As the' it wrote the burthen of n Bong, ' Not to tell her, never to let her know." And, having seen all this happiness, including the silver spoons and mug, he goes back to the pothouse, prattles out his secret to the garrulous landlady, and then gives up the ghost. The woman is not told to keep his counsel ; in fact, she is commissioned to tell it in everybody's ear, and to carry a love- token to the faithless wife. And the story ends with the necessary climax : And when they buried him, the little port Had seldom seen a costlier funeral. Who shall read for us the morals meant to be conveyed by this tale of woe - In acting as Enoch dies, we are requested to consider him as showing " a strong, heroic soul." But where is the strength in thinking that he has a right to sacrifice himself, to commit moral suicide, he is clearly in the wrong. He, a father, a husband, is not in the position in which a man can postpone his own good to that of another, Noble ends must have noble means. It is never right to lie ; not even to lie by silence. It is never right to bear false witness. Enoch, on his return home, could not stand off from his wife and children, leaving them in another man's house, without a positive fraud, a criminal collusion. Evil had been done in his absence ; not the worst kind of evil, for it had some excuses in his long silence, and the bitter lot of the woman ; but still the thing was evil and for the sake of everyone's purity of soul, it would have been better for Enoch to have stopped it at once by announcing his return. That Philip and Annie were not man and wife, Enoch knew ; if they were innocently doing a wrong thing, he, in looking on, and saying nothing, was guilty of sin. That he should be represented as acting an heroic part in skulking by, in dodging about the pothouse and the port, in pretending to be what he is not, in deceiving every one, in shirking every duty to his children, in living a daily lie in the face of men, is one of the mysteries of a morbid epoch-inseparable, it would seem, from that perplexed condition of mind in which it is possible for a man of fine sense and lofty genius to select bigamy as a subject for poetical art. ; Even if it were possible to allow that Enoch has a right to renounce his wife in favour of her old lover, whose wife she is not, has he any right to renounce his children i A child is God's most precious trust to man. Can any one take the place of a living father ? IB the desire to preserve a, weak woman in a false position, because in that false position she possesses an easy chair and a little place, sufficient to justify a father in abandoning his child to the care of strangers? This is what Enoch Arden does. But in point of fact, this moral confusion runs through the tale for Enoch has not the virtue to conduct his own miserable mistake to an end. He does not thick the inconstant woman. He betrays her. By his babble to the landlady, he tells of the world Philip and Annie are not man and wife, and puts evidence into the bellman's hand to declare that their child is a bastard. Had he drowned himself on the day of his return this open shame would have been spared to Annie Lee ; but the fellow will not die in his pot-house until he has done everything, to provide that on the day of his own funeral his wife shall die of a broken heart. And this is a man of strong heroic soul. The lesser poems in this volume are of no great value ; though there is no second mistake of such magnitude as Enoch Arden." In general the pieces are fugitive and experimental. That they should contain passages of rare excellence is a fact implied in their origin. " Aylmer's Field" is a tale of a hapless pair who die for love. " Sea Dreams" is a true little poem, exquisite alike in its conception and its treatment. In this little poem we have a new lullaby, which ought to be popular with young mothers. It is called LITTLE BIRDIE. What does little birdie say In her nest at peep of day 1 let me fly, says little birdie, Mother, let me fly away. Birdie, rest a little longer, Till the little wings are stronger. So she rests a little longer, Then she slice away. What does little baby say. In her bed at peep of day 1 Baby says, like little birdie, let me rice and fly away. Baby, sleep a little longer, Till the little lambs are stronger. If she sleeps a little longer, Baby too shall! fly away. S One story in the volume is written in a northern dialect-that of Newcastle, we imagine-and is a genuine piece of comedy. Among the " experi- ments," which Mr. Tennyson has printed in smaller type at the end of his volume, are his versifier sirens in classic metres. "We are quite willing to leave these specimens where we find them. Far more rousing is the passage in blank verse from the end of the eighth book of the Iliad. Since Shelly trifled with Greek translation there has been no finer transfer of a few Horn trio lines into English. verse than these render- ings : Be Hector said, and Malice roared his host ; Then loosed their sweating horses from the yoke, And each beside his chariot bound his own ; And oxen from the city, and goodly sheep In haste they drove, and honey-hearted wise And bread from out the houses brought, and soaped Their firewood, and the winds from off the place Boll'd the rich vapour far into the heaven. And these all night upon the T bridge of war Sat glorying ; many a fire before them blazed : As when in heaven the stars about the moon look beautiful, when all the winds are laid, , And every height comes out, and jutting peak And valley, and the immeasurable heavens Break open to their highest, and all the stars shine, and the Shepherd gladdens in his heart ; 80 many a fire between the ships and stream Of Xanthus blazed before the towers of Troy, A thousand on the plain and close by each Sat fifty in the blaze of burning Ure ; And chopping golden grain, the ones stood Bard by their chai lots, waiting for the dawn t 1 To compare Pope's rendering against this would be simply absurd. How weak and colourless the opening lines The leader spoke. From all his holes around Shouts of applause along the shores resound. Chapman is more Homeric and the reader will like to compare the Elizabethan with the Victorian poet. Chapman writes : Their sweating horse, which severally with head stalls they imported, And fa signed by their chariots, when others brought from town Fat sheep and oxen, instantly, bread, wine, and bowed down Hage store of wood. The winds transferred into the friendly sky Their topper's favour, to the which they set delightfully, And spent all night in open field. Fires around mom shined, As when about the silver moon, when air is free from wind, And stars shine clear, to whose sweet beams, high prospects and the brows Of all steep hills and pinnacles, thrust up themselves for shows, And even the lordly valleys joy to glitter in their Bight, When the unmeasured firmament bursts to disclose her light, Andell the eggs in heaven are seen that glad the Shepherd's hears. so many fires disclosed their beams, made by the Trojan part, Before the face of iron, and her bright turrets showed. A thousand courts of guard kept fires, and every gourd allowed Fifty stout men, by whom their horse eat oats and hard white corn, And all did wilfully expect the silver throned morn. No one can doubt the superior strength, beauty, and pjcturaqnenesa of Mr. Tennyson's version. From what we now see of his aptitude for translation, we t f should be glad to hear that he has other portions of the Iliad in band The Athenum. , ¡+"pr»rldge. ~~ 14 0r.mor«UUrally- . , And (this hoary grain and pulse tk sised, 1 Stood by their cars waiting the throne SHO, J A 