_BAUT IgaPB._ MONDAY, 8TH AUGUST, 1864. AT GROSS PURPOSES. MR SULLIVAN and his secretary made a revelation the other dsj in Ballarat, when ".waited upon br a deputation from the Mining Board, touching the sale of auriferous lande. From what passed at the interview it seems that the Mining Department and the Lands and Surrey Department do not work har moniously together, and we infer, from other facts, that the poverty if not the will of the Treasury department consents to the maintenance of the disagreement. The Treasurer is, in fact, very much in want of money, and his instructions to the rest of his colleagues no doubt are that if he cannot be put in the way of getting revenue he will have to give up the financial ghost. Then, it I is to be presumed, that the anxious regards of j the Cabinet are at once cast towards that ' part of the Council board where the Minister I of Lands and Surrey has his seat, and it is resolved that revenue shall be obtained from i the lands of the colour. It would be fair to infer thus much if we only looked at the past history of executive action in respect of the public territory. On all occasions when the treasurer has been in straits, whether actual or prospective, the financial eye has at once been directed to the chances of making matters easy by selling more of the national estate. Nothing was so easy as that, for the source of revenue seemed to be practically inexhaustible and the means of realisation to be of the easiest description. They who were ' in authority had but to say to the Gorern i ment surveyors " eo," and they went and surveyed, and ia fact conquered the territory in a revenue sense, albeit, as in other instances of conquest, victory was a very absolute killing of the goose that laid the golden eggs. The eyes of the land were picked out and parted with for ever, and it was not long before the unwelcome fact dawned upon the official as well as the general vision, that of our splendid national freehold, nearly all the best portion was gone into private hands and the area of realisable territory was becoming wofully narrow. Then came paroxysms of excitement about unlocking the lands that ' were left to the "bona fide settler," ¿nd occu- i patiou licenses and drawings by ballot created whole flocks of perjurers and swin dlers and still other large portions of the narrowing area of the lands available for use or revenue were thus lost to the public mani pulator and got into the hands of private speculators vice the official speculators out witted. But although all these things hap pened, there remained still the want of revenue for the Government exchequer, for that want was endemic, and the Treasurer still had to cast about for a place where the financial syphon could be set to work ia hope of procuring a flow of cash into his ever emptying treasury. Fiscal contrivances, good, bad, and indifferent, have been anxiously and, we will hope, honestly tried, but they have neversucceeded in keeping the > wolf of more or less imminent embarrass , ment for long from the door of the treasury, I and thus the official eye bas always looked tenderly and trustingly to that first and last refuge, the lands of the colony. The earlier alienations of territory, however, having limited the arena for financial operations in a public revenue sense, each fresh march of the Government surveyors brought them more and more near to land that had previously been spared from the hammer of the Govern* ment auctioneer, and thus the gold-fields were invaded (or revenue purposes by the treasury skirmishers. Theo sharp shooters managed to " bring down" many a valuable prize, and large plots of golden sod fell into the hands of private persons because of the exigent cry of the officers entrusted with the administration of the finances of the colony. It is true that the Mining Boards and other more or less public bodies or individuals endeavored from time to time to 'arrest the progress of this sacrifice of auriferous land, but while success attended their efforts in some cases, in others those efforts were alto gether useless. In some instances tracts oJ golden country were delivered over to privat« keeping simply because there was no system of test adopted, and the officers of th« Government were utterly ignorant, not to sa j careless, of the fact that rich deposits cf golc were being given away at the upset price o public land. Of late, the representatives o the mining interest have gradually beet pressing home upon the Government tai absolute necessity of more care being takei in dealing with land iii the neighborhood o the gold-fields, and not altogether withoh success, but the old evil still remain and with some recent' signs of violen and virulent activity. Nominally, for Bom time past, there has been a reference to th Mining Board here of all proposed sales a land in the district, with a view to astjertai what of the land proposed for sale ought t be reserved for nuning jHirppsQS* Buttha system oas ¡not been faithfully adhered ti and hence considerable public Jnconvenianc .and' loss. Why- -the system-has hot bee uniformly observed it is not now difficult t imderstaudl In a recent debate in the Mining ^BoanlsD^ó the subject, H was. stated by the .. stentoerJÚr Stieglitz tíiatovin^jto äielfnung Bpáro^ Ifótrict being partly ar the Geelong, survey district, land had l»eén«¿d, wühoit a reference^U) the Board, jtliat^waa hígMy aari feróns. Sades of golden quartz had tints been transferred to private persons, who, it was. stated, .were receiving _yearly rentals of £500, in rseyeral instances, from parties of miners who were working the ' ground» Daring'the same debate, -or ja another debate on the same-subject,-, is iras stated that it would be useless to urge toe withdrawal of lands from sale unless the strongest possible case were made - out, as the officers of the < Surrey Department had positive instructions to sell land coûte qui coule. In fact, it was intimated-and we now read the inti mations in the light thrown upon the subject by the Minister of Mines,' at Graig's Hotel, last week-that the exigencies of rithe Treasurer were such that the, Department of Lands and Survey had apparently adopted: the ethics of the tradi I tiona! money-grubber, and bad instructed its ; subordinates throaghout tbe country to get money for the Treasury, to get it honestly if possible, bat at any rate to get money. We, not long since, drew atten tion to the mysteries connected with the manipulation of land-survey business, and the want of adherence to a system with consist ency, bas often been illustrated in onr reports of Mining Board-proceedings, in which it has been seen that, while the Survey Department professes to obtain mming survey reports on all proposed sales, many lots are sold without any reference at all. At the late interview between the members of the Muling Board and the Minister of Mines it was stated, as a case in point, that some twenty acres of the claim actually held by the New Frenchman's Company had been sold by the Crown, without any of the company, knowing any thing, about it, although the Chairman of the Mining Board was, and is still, the legal manager of the company. When these things were men tioned to the Minister of Mines, he, with a j sort of naive despair apparently, said ''he j did not know what to do, for he had been ! always protesting against the practice1 complained of," and his secretary Mr Brough Smyth, with a longer acquaintance with the traditions and practices of Government departments, averred that "the Mining Department had for many years had great difficulties with the Lands and Survey Department." So here we have a house divided against itself, and the employees of two public departments engaged in protocol ling each other, and doing their best to compass totally different ends. In this case, as in others, .the weakest goes to the walL The not very dignified spectacle of two departments of the same Government at log gerheads " for many years," as the Secretary for Mines puts it, is bad enough of itself, but when we perceive the loss to the public purse, and the wrong to a great industrial interest which are the results of the " great difficulties" which appear to have become chronic between the two departments, we cannot but hope that this state of things will very soon be put an end to. The miner is not to have his claim sold over his head l»ecause the Treasury and Lands Departments lay their heads to getherfor the purpose of puttingmoneyinto the public purse to meet deficits in the exchequer, and by this " hard-up " combination over master the efforts of the Mininer Department I for the protection of its constituents. And the system of reckless alienation of lands I becomes all the more obnoxious when we see ; that, with a kind of spendthrift hazard, tLe I same departmental combination pf two against one has busied itself in alienating tracts of ! auriferous lands, whose owners are now levy ! ing heavy rentals upon the miners who, but , for the improper alienation of the land, would have been paying a rental to the government and have still left the land for ultimate sale. ; I This cunning penny wise and pound foolish . policy must be discontinued, and if the govern ! ment will not see to it without parliamentary I pressure, that pressure must be exerted. The Mining Department has already propounded a simple and practical remedy, and that remedy ought at once to be adopted and adhered to, unless the Lands and Survey Department is prepared to submit a better. We cannot better close these remarks than by appending the following report of the Secre tary for Mines' statement of the remedy in question and of its obvious advantages. He said: Acting under Mr Sullivan's instruction», he had proposed to the Lands and Survey department that tbe district surveyors, before surveying allotments for sale, should lay a map ot the land before Ute mining surveyors, who should mark off what land was auriferous, and then the district surveyors could excise those portions, and not go to the expense of surveys, but leave the land as it was. If tbat plan were adopted, a great saving to the country would be effected ia the prevention of withdrawals and so forth. 