Li., . PUBLIC AMUSEMENT^, Footes c* WAMS« THBAME-On H. today, Tattityi, .Bd Wednesday evenings, Knowla.' comedy of tba .' LOT» Obis»," followed by tbe performances of Mr. Birlo»'* unrivalled dc gi tai monks«», . »nd' tbe pleasing- drawing.room exercise) of (ba' Brothers Wieland end Mr, Ttylcr, formed the attractive programme. Io tbs comedy tbs) east of ab ertötete waa superior to soy similar represents . lion for a long time psst tnd worthily pourtrayed tbs valions witty and tomoroas scenes with grest effeot. As Cacstsnoe, Miss Joey Gougenbeim gave a most ex« eelleot impersonation of that difficult character, its) > various ever-changing phases belog tboroughly apo re« : bended by tba lady »nd appreciated by tba audience. That it was faultless would be saying scarcely tco much. The Widow Oreen, as played by Mrs; Crosby, is not, perhaps, one of ber ablest representations, yet afforded mueb amusement. As Lydia, Miss Lockhart, while» apparently anxious to render janice to ber part, failed to make the impression of wbioh tbe ebarcotet is I capable. Sir William Fondlove as played by Mr». Bogers (though still labouring against a aovereoold) would bau no unfavourable oomparisen with tbat pilosa of old men, and particularly of old in love, tba late William F.rren. Mr. Bartlett played Wildrake witb nanob understendirg, especially io tbe assumption of tbe town gentleman-a style of character in wbioh be bas now no rival. Mr. Burford likewise showed manifest improvement upon bis aneient style, by bis representa- tion of Master Waller. The remainder of the caBt filled np the characters with ability and fair understanding,, and rendered tbs comedy complete. On Ttursday, lb« comedy of "LeapYtat" was repeated witb, if possible, increased and deserved soccast-Mr. Rogers and Mrs». Wood SB Sir Solomon and Miss Pasperate; creating im- mense fan. On Friday, "She Stoops to Conquer**' gave its accustomed amount of genuine satisfaotion to tbe laige audience who witnessed ita admirable repre« sen tallon. It is long eines so excellent s oompany as tb» ene now order the diree'lon of the manager of Ibis theatre, has been performing here, and the play» aononneed are, aa a whole, thoroughly under- stood by tba arliats engaged ia them, and. tba» award the fullest gratification to the audiences. On Saturday night, the " Colleen Bawo," was performed with tba utmost incoes* to a very orow/ed house, The drama was put upon the Btage ' with soma exoellett sosnie effeotB, psrtioalarly tbe cave in which Mr, Wilson's efforts showed much taste and knowledge of stage bust« ossa; Tbe auditnoo were so pleased at tbe termination of Ibis aet tbat the oortaln had again to be raised.. Tba pr'neipal characters were Bustaiaed by Mise Gongen« beim as tbe Colleen Bawn, Mrs, C osby aa Mrs. Cregan, Mr. Bogers as Oorrirtan, Mr. Bartlett aa Hardreea Oregan--at.all times a despicable character to enact, Ur». I Burford as Danny Mam, and Mr. Harry Jackson as MileB na Coppaleen, in wbioh be takes a semewbal different view of the character, bnt in which he was, nevertheles, very successful iodeed. The drama wa« warmly applauded throughout. The burlesque of "Aladdin" concluded tba entertainment, B TAT, VICTORIA TBBATHE.-At this theatre quits si different style of entertainment baa bean offered to tba patrons of tba drama. Fiesta eonlaining mueb that appears to sait the taste of a oirtain por. lion of tbs publie bave ruled throughout the psst week. Battine has also walked np and down the 'igbt wire, to tbe nervous excitement cf all beneath, and attempted to do more. On Saturday night, "J.ok Shep« perd"- a play forbidden in Landon-and a drams» entitled, "Tbe Avenger of Blood," wets offered to tba pabilo. Snob pieces ore their own best aomment, tnd we regret tbe effort to elevate the " Viotoria" above Baot» trash has ? not been suooesefully carried out. It would surely be mora gratifying to the principal artists to be engaged in pisces mote worthy their powers and maritlng no censure. The stage is allowed to be a powerful agent on tba morality of the yoong, sud should therefore be kept aa free as possible from what can do no gcod, even if it happen lo be oonsidered harmless. MADAME SOHIEB'S WAXWOBXS.-This inttrestlng ex« bibltion contienes to attrao: largs numbers to view it» effigies of good and great, ss well BB villainous person« ages. Ia addition to the original Hst, several novelties bate bsen added lately; and to those who desire to see a .< mountain of flesh," the Australian Fat Boy will ba found to realise Buoh t oonosption, a though without tba slightest approach to apparent disoomfort in the counte- nance cf this extraordinary lad. SOHO-L IP Ama.-Herr Cushls and his troupe gave . sueaefsfnl representation of (heir beautiful olaasloal aod pio'orial poses on Saturday night, and train last nlgbi, and raised tba ghost in a maivellously rffVotive manner. Thia wonderful imposition on tbe sense of sight is esr« tain'y deserving full patronage, for it compels ons almost to doubt the evidence of oar o« n senses, sod fores a belief in what is not. Tba mo it effective of tbs groupings wera loudly applaided, and the whole appeared to give tba highest gratification to the andiene«. 