JMOTJBS .A. i»JO i-UdWr-. We have to beg -bc forbearance of nur Ip». wicn friends nnd subscribers for the non delivery of their papers on Sntur3ay lait: the parcels containing the Ipswich portion uf our issue of that day were sent over, as nsnnl, to tbe Prince of Wales Hotel. Sontb. Brisbane, tn be forwarded by tbe morning coach; bnt, through the stupid negligence of the runner, ther were left on a bench behind the bar-room door, and were not noticed by the people of the hotel until lats in tbe day, subsequent to the departure of he afternoon coach. Upon the discovery of the oversight, the obliging proprietor of the hotel dispatched, of his own accord, ft horseman to Ipswich with the parcelii. which were left next morainff at the house of our ajent in Ipswich. As lack wonld have it. our Ipswich agent, astonished at the non arrival of the paper by either of Saturday's cnaches, set out for Brisbane early on Sunday morning, and his sudden appearance here was the first intimation we had of the very annoying mistake that had occurred. We can only express oar deep regret at this untoward circumstance, wiatmstto tbe kindlyj^earance «f ^ME| Ipswich friends to ezense a. o'elayrwhinn has thus arisen through the Ktnpiditjr and ill-conduct of an urchin without onr cog nizance, and despite all our anxiety for the convenience nod interest of oar supporters State of her Majesty's Gaol at Brisbane, for tl-e week ending 5th November, 1864:— For trial at Brisbane. 5 males; for trial at psn-tch. V male* ; imprisonment, 5 males, i females ; hard labor on the roads, L0 males : hard labour in the gaol 69 males. ! females: fin-s, 5 males; bail, 1 male; lunatic*. 55 males 11 females ; total, 167 nales, 18 females. We understand that proceedings havo been commenced by the Corporation against certain parties for an alleged violation of the Municipal Institution Act. of 1SG1. Wu rlo not wish to enter into the case at nil. aa it will hav« to be decided, or nther brought before the Magistrates ou Wednesday i-ext ; and we advise all parties on whoai noticed have Leen served, to attend at the Poiico cotirt on the day of hearing. We are in a position to state that the notices — if we may use the term — intend to sift the case, or cases thoroughly. We say no more, but leave the matter'thr the parties to decide by legal process, either bef.ire the Magistrates, or before the Supreme Court. It will be remembered bv onr readers that about three months ago, Mr. Ralph Roads, landlord of the Union Hotel, had a cash Uox Btolen from behind bis bar, con taining in gold, silver, nud paper, value to the amount of some £o0 or £-iQ. No cine was gained to the parties implicated— thief, cash nnd caslibux failing to turn up. Yesterday morninjr as some of the workmen in tiie employ of Mr. R. Hope, were work ing adjacent to the reservoir, one of them discovered a cash box lying near the edge of the water, and upon fishing it ont, the name ' Ralph Rhodes.' in letters of white paint, appeared on the lid of the box. Tiie thief had evidently Ukeu instant mean, to pet rid uf the box, after possessing him self of the contents. The cases for ajudication at the Petty Debts' Court yesterday morning numbered, in ail. neaifv ISO. Mr. Massie. our excel. lent police magistrate, has adopted the sys tem of heariug the undefended cases on the Monday, and postponing the defended cases until the fi-Uowiug day. This arrangement will accommodate all parties interested. Tlits i» in accordance witli legal custom in tiie English county Courts. This evening, a remarkable combination of talent arrays itself at Crawford's Horse Bazaar, for the entertainment of the Bris bane public. Herr Cushla and his Ghost, with his accomplished troupe of artistes, unite with the elastic and agile flying man, Bartine ; and the inimitable Campbell Min strels, in a programme of unprecedented attraction. 'There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in onr philosophy ' — a truism which will lie well illustrated this evening. Mr. Crawford has gone to considerable expense in flooring a. portion of his bazaar for the sjiecUl accommodation of ladies, for whose general comfort and convenience other means have been also taken. In glancing over the programme, we see that it has been most carefully selected, and inclmics tlis most wonderful novelties of i ushlaand Bar tine, with the must popular gems of Negro melody on the part of the s.ililc vocalists. The performance wiil conclude with the admirable classical groupings of Cusiila and troupo, and Ijartine, during the evening, will rival the celebrated Blondin by wheel ing a barrow on an iron wire Dearly a hun dred feet in leuth and thirty from the floor. As tiie engagement of all this talent is draw ing to a close in Brisbane, we advise all par ties who desire to witness what they may never have a chance of seeing again, to at tniul tliic i-vnnin« fit f^rs, wfurd'j Ttr.vn.,.. We are glad to find that rnir c ty is ad vancing somewhat towards that position of independence which it must before long occupy iu the production of its own arts and manufactures. Hitherto it has been necessary to send orders for intricate) pieces of workmanship, in the jewellery line fur instance, to Sydney to have them executed, and still to a great extent this is the case. But it has beeu found that Syd ney skill can be equalled by some of the working jewellers of Urisbaue. Mr. Kos vitz lately bad a chaste and beautiful speci men of the skill of Mr. Billouf in his win dow, in the shape of silver spurs, elegantly wrought; and we have seen some of tliia clever handicraftsman's production in bis «wn workshop which reflects much credit upon his taste and skill— one, a really beautiful brooch in gold, and another, an inkstand, tbe receptacle for tbe ink being an emu's egg supported on silver feru, elegantly chased; - ? ?- 