A Coavoer STAMPsI.EE -Yeserdty morning; about eight o'elock, a signal of alarm weas given from rStone Cutters' Island, which the police instantly responded to. It turned out that whilste large body of convicts were employed carrying stone to construct a sea wall, they sluddenly turned on their guard at a preconcerted signal, and knocked them down with the bhmboos with which they had been furnished to sling the stone, wrested the revolvers from the guard, and effected their escape to the main land by means of boats which were in the employ of Government, for what purpose we cannot say. The surprise was. so complete that everv convict in the gang, numbering nearly one hundred. made his escape. The guard weeas very roughly handled. Another gang of convicts, see. ing what was going on, where with dilEculty restrained, three of their number being shot dead. The batch who have escared are a bad lot -not one of them hiving less than five years penal servitude to run.- /Chin Overimd Trade Report, April 28. ROBBErY or 5O,,0 WOnT OF Golo.-On Batur. day, April 9. noticts wesre served upon the metre. politan hankers, bullion dealers, &c;, at the insti ration of the S;lvage Association, Lloyd's, offering £3,000 reward for such informatibn a may lead to tile recovery of 68 barn and 11 boxes of gold, valued at £50,000, stilen from the treasure in the sunken stamter Gol'len Gate, off lmanzanillo, near San Francisco. The Gol!en Gate, an American steamer, was wrecked in July. 1862, when a great loss of life took place. The total amount of gold and specie on hoard was about £450.000, consigned to several firms in New York, London, and Paris, and the whole of it was insured. The underwriters despatched a special agent to the sceneof the Prek, and a large amount of goldi was recovered, buat owing to the dangerous character of the currents and climate, a great many lives were lost in the en. terprise. One party succeedled in recovering the property in question, and immediately deonamped with it. One of the party hes been arrested. It is bhlieved tnhat must of the gold has already arrived in Lardon, and that other consignments are expectod. -Observer. A GEOST SiTOBY AND 'TH? LATE IMtBoDER AT SEa BY a GOzEEK SAILon.-A strange story is told in connection with the report of the murder at sea on board of the barque Pontiac, of Liverpool, by Jean Moyatos, a Greek sailor, now in custody in Edinba?ah. It may be remembered that on the 13th October last. fee days after the Pontiac left Callao, Jean Moyntos murdered one of his fellow seamen, eand stabbed another in esuch a dangerous manner that his life was despaired of. Two nights before the fatal occurrence, the mate of the Pontiacne was standing near the man at the helm, no other person being on the quarter.decklc at the time, when the latter in great terror called not, "What is that near the. cabn door?" The mate replied that he saw nothing, and looked about to see if anyone was near, but he failed to discover any person. The steersman then, much terrified, said the figure hesaw was that of a strange- looking man, of ghostly appearance, and almost immediately afterwards exclaimed, "There he is, standing at the captain's wiudowl" The mate though in view of the captain's window, saw no fgtre tearit,noratsnyotherpart of tbequarter.deck, though he looked round and round. Next'day the report went from one to the other' that a ghost watse on board, which filled some 'of the ailors with alarm, while others made' a jest of it. Next night, a boy (a stowaway) was so dreadfully alarmed in his buonk by somethibg he saw or felt (we do not know which), that.he cried out so loudly as to waken all the Seamed in bed. The boy was sure it was the ghost seen the previous night that had frightened him; end others of more mature years werse inclined to think so too. Perhaps more than one half of those on board believed that something supernatural was on board, and that some eslamity was about to happen. But there were two on board who did not believe the ghootstories, and these were the man who was murdered and his companion who was stabbed. The former joked with the boy about the ghost, and said he would have 'his knife well sharpened and ready for the ghosti it t appeared the nest night. Hie would give it a stab and "chuck" it overboard. The latter joined in thejoke, saying he also would help fIto do" for the ghost, and others said they waouli have letters ready for the ghost to carry to their friends in the other world.. Jean Meyatos overheard what was said as to stabbing and throwing overboard, sod in consequence of his imperfect knowledge of the English language, and having previously supposed there was a combination against him, thought the tbhreasts were made against him, and therefore resolved to protect himself. A few hours after the jeoting we have briefly explained took place, he stabbed the two men 'who prinaipally carried on the jest, with the fotal result known. Tie murder, as might ibe expertes, flled everyone on hoard with horror; and thie t'rror of thlie sailors who believed there was a ehost onhbo;ird was over whelming. At night, whether in bed or on watch on deck, they hed crest dread, which was heightened by reports that strange noises were heard below. Not even at tl end of thre voysce had the fear been overcome; for alter tire ship was moored in the docks two of the crew who had agreerl to sleep on board became so frightened after their cimpanions were paid off thart they reifused to remain in the vessel at night.--Scotsman. 'The man loystos was subsoqoently indicted bor the murder qnrl assniault before the Edinburgh High. Court of Justiciary Medical evidenrce was called to show that thie prisoner was insene-labouring under permanent moeno mania. which led him to believe that the two men he attacked had conspired, to throw him overboard \--'nd was, therefore. not in as fict?tte to be tried- After some evidcace had been heard as to the circumstances ol the case, the Coirtrfoend tlat the prisorer " wos in a state of insanity, and could not be tried;" and ordered him to be kept in cuseuoly till her Majesty's pleasure respecting hIim should he made known. F?nenOCrTY OF TE SwA.--Oo Tuesday the pro. prietors of Wombwell's llMenagerie, at prerent exhi biting in the grounds of the Crystal Palace, released two fne pelican's from their cage, with the inten tion of allowing them a swim on the lake, as a refresher before the arrival of the visitors. Two of the Company's swans, however, made a desperote attack upon them, te ercoutater commanoineg with a collision between the "'feather-clads," with all sails set, the force of which fairly made each re bound. Singling out the smaller poliean, the two swans belaboured him with their wings and hills with a ferocity andl vigour that was truly asurprising. l'The contest lasted apwanls of twenty minutes, and would doubtless have endedf f;,tally to the pelican but for the timely arrival of a keeper, who suened ed, by means of a canoe, in rescuing him, with a broken wring and well-righ exhrnoteal, having been held un.er the water by the joint efforts of the swans for at least ten minutes. Exasperated at losing their victim, the swans then directed their attacks on the keeper, and capsized his canoe. Tnu CosT oe A BooanaoDENTo'r.-Every shot of rifled artillery, accorlding to the PrussiaRI system, says a Berliln letter, costs at least one pound sterling. The wrrks at Duppel beisrg armed with 120 heavy guns, about three hundred will be requiredl to under take the attack, each of which is expectedl to fire from 700 t 1000 shots At the lowest estimate, then, the cost of the bombardment must be set down at £210,000. In this, however, issnot inelided the cost of timber, the gablins, shorels, brushwood, Ic. Then there is another heavy item. accruing from the transport of the uns and ammunition -800 24 pounders weighing no less than 30.000 cwt., while the ammunition required weighs about fire times as much. Tor. "TIMEBs" aN'D TE 'Kos or DIAOsEy. Amona tire readers of thie meas must be reeanked the King of Dahomey. It will be recolleeted.that M. Jules Gerard wrote a letter to the Times some months 'go. commenting on the atroeities of the King of Dahorney, and dited from his capital. Whether his Maijsty has a regular Foreign 8eore tory who translates to him the more interesting passages of that uriquitous jIurnalo; is meore than we con say, but this much appeare to be certain, that the contents of M. Jelis GOerard's letter be-. camo known in lduee nourse to hisairrro MajIesty. who forthwith ejected the writer ol? it fmrom his dominionas,--2he leader. 