B RUTS II & FOREIGN EXTRACTS. A Would t.f, Imitator of Townt.f.y at Gam er t do f.. — On Monday ft yhutig man named Charles Traylen, the son of a wealthy farmer and brewer at West Wiekliam, was charged before the maoistrates at Cambridge with threatening to take the life of Miss Harriet Leeds, a young lady of considerable personal attracsions, whom I10 had met at the house of a mutual friend, in conse quence of her rejecting his addresses. lie had repeatedly pressed his suit upon tiie young lady, but 1ml been persistency met by a refusal, when be threatened to murder her ; and declared he would swing for her if she did not alter her de termination.' Tlis conduct at length became so violent that the friends of the young lady had to call in the assistance of the law. The defendant was ordered to find heavy bail, but his friends re fused to be responsible for him, and lie was lucked up. The .title and estates of the late Duke of Cleve land devolve 011 his brother, Lord Win, Powlett, who, in consequence, gives up the Powlett estates, worth, it. is believed, about £2d.OOO a year, to his youngpr brother, Lord Harry Vane. M.P. for Hastings, who already possesses £90.000 a year, bequeathed to liiin by his father, the first Duke. Royal Relationships and Foreign Poli tics. — The Prince of Wales, as every one knows, is married to the daughter of the King of Den mark. one of the parties to this German contest. His eldest sister, (lie Princess lloyal, is married to the Prince Royal of Prussia, one of the parties opposed to the King of Denmark. His second sister, the Princess Alice, is married to the Prince Louis of Hesse-Darmstadt, whose mother is a Princess of Prussia, and whose brother is an officer in the Prussian army. These arc direct relationships ; but there are others scarcely less so with which the public are not so well acquainted. Prince Frederick of Aiigustonhurg — the Duke of Augustenlmrg as lie is generally called here — although that title properly belongs to his father, is a very close connection of our royal family, and is much better known to the court than to the people of these realms. It will he remembered that when the mother of Queen Victoria married his Royal Highness the Duke of Kent she was a widow. She was first married in the year 1803, to the Prince Emich Charles of Leiningen, who died 4th July. 1814. P>y this marriage the Duchess of Kent had one son, horn 1801, anil one daughter, born 1807, who were consequently half brother and half sister of the Queen. The Queen s half I brother, Charles. Prince of Leiningen, died 18oG, and was succeeded by his son, Prince Ernest of Leiningen, nephew of the Queen, who is a cap tain in the Royal Navy of Great Britain. The half sister of the Queen, the Princess Anne Feodo- rovna of Leiningen, married in 1828 Ernest Prince of Hohenlohe Langenburg. He died in 1800, leaving a widow, and five children, the latter nephews and lieices of the Queen. Of these children, the third son, Prince Victor of Hohen lohe, who took the name of " Count de Gleiehen'' on his marriage with a daughter of Admiral Sir G. Seymour, is a captain in our Royal Navy. His next sister, the Princess Adelaide Victoria of Hohenlohe (born 1835), married in 1856 " Frederick Christian Augustus, Prince Heredi tary of Sleswig-Holstein- Sonderburg-Augtisten- burg," the pretender to the sovereignty of the imaginary state of Sleswig-IIoIstein, who i3 by bis marriage the Queen's nephew. Besides these relationships of our Royal Family with the con tending parties, there are others less immediate. The King Leopold of Belgium is the Queen's uncle. His eldest son and heir, the Duke do Brabant, is married to, an Archduchess of Austria, and his daughter, the Princess Charlotte, is mar ried to the Archduke Ferdinand Maximilian, brother of the Emperor of Austria, another party to the contest. Besides these connections, the Duchess of Cambridge, who was a Princess of Hesse Cassel, is an aunt to the Queen of Den mark, who was also a Princess of Hesse Cassell. Every party to the Dano-Germanic contest may therefore be said to be more or less connected with the Royal Family of Great Britain. Extraordinary Suicide. — IIeartlf.ss Con duct of a Husband. — An extraordinary caso of suicide formed the subject, of an inquiry, on Friday week, before Mr. W. Payne, one of the London. coroners. The deceased was a married woman, named Mary Elizabeth Cranfield, aged 49 years, residing at 44 Elliott's-row, South- waric. — Alfred Wheeler, 33 L, said that on Wed nesday lie was called to her house and found her lying on the floor. She was in her night dress, which was drawn up. Her stomach was fright fully cut in the form of St. Andrew's cross. . The bowels protruded, and were partly on the floor.' A razor, clotted with blood, was found under her. She had apparently been dead one or two hours. From further evidence it appeared that she was the wife of a smith from whom she had been separated eleven years. She was foiind on the floor, on .Wednesday evening, by Mary Anne Cranfield. just before she died, and to her she said, " I have opened my stomach." — Mr. E. H. Edmunds, surgeon, said that she had been ailing for some time, and had a delusion that " she was always in crystal water." — R. Cranfield said that deceased had left him tc live with another man. A few days before her death she sent fox .him as she bad not seen him for ten years, and she thought he would wish to see her before she died. She said she was very ill, and he told her that it did not surprise him, considering the wrong she had done him as well God. He read a chapter in, the, Bible to her, and said that she altered her ways too lute. He wished now to get her jewel lery and wearing apparel. — Mary Ann Cranfield said that Cranfield had abandoned his wife eleven years ago to live with another woman ; and, as lie left his wife with a large family, she was oblige d to live with another man to save them from starvation. For three years past she had lived with her, and now the husband, who had not for eleven years contributed a farthing to wards her support, actually wanted to take poses- sion of the clothes and some rings which she herself had given to her. — The Coroner remarked upon the paiufiil nntlire of the case, and said that the mode of suicide adopted was the. most terrible tliut ever bad come before bim. — The jury re turned a verdict of " Suicide when in a state of temporary insanity." extraordiary scene at a sale. — The furniture and stock-in-tradeof a well-known dealer in second-hand clothes, in Newcastle, were dis trained the other day for rent, and a respectable auctioneer made bis appearance on his premises to conduct the sale, when the mistress of the house thus addressed liira, in presence of a crowd ol Caslle Garth tailors who had flocked thither tc buy : — " Now Mr. , you are come to take my few things, ancHo rifle this house, which has been a place where souls have been saved — a house ol prayer — a Bethel where God has often met his chosen ones." " Well, Mrs. II- -, I'm very sorry. It's an unpleasant thing for me. IV rutber not have been here this morning." " 1 have one request to make, then, and that is, thai before you commence, we shall all kneel down am ask the divine- blessing 011 what you arc about tc do. It is a good opportunity ; them have never been so many precious souls in this room before." " 0 dear no, there's nobody here lins time for any thing of the sort. You really must excuse us." " No, but I'll not excuse you." So the lady down on her knees. The auctioneer and the tailors took off their hats as reverently as they could. Poor Airs. 11 poured forth a torrent of sup plications, fervently and eloquently, and emphati cally to the point. Her involuntary hearers were awe struck. When she rose from her knees, all the auctioneer said Was, "I hope, gentlemen, none of you, after this, will bid against Mrs. 11 for anything she may want to buy in for herself." Ami neither did tiiey ; for, proclaim it 011 the Castle Garth Stairs, where Mammon may have been hastily presumed by us to reign su preme, she was allowed to buy everything in at iier own price, and that, moreover, as she after wards. observed to a friend " in faith," for she had not half-a-crown in her pocket. — Sunderlard Times. Strange Attempt at Starvation. — At Gainsborough. Mary Beech, about twenty-two years of ago, lived as domestic servant with the toll-collector of the bridge which crosses the river Trent, and connects Lincolnshire with Notting hamshire. There is a covered passage on each side of the tollgate, with a door opening on to the bridge, and another to the street, through which foot passengers have to pass. One of these passages i3 not used for traffic, and the two outer doors are always kept closed. From some cause, not at present clearly ascertained, the girl voluntarily shut herself up in this latter passage, undressing in a great measure, and lying down upon the cold flags. For fis'e days and four nights she remained in this state, during which time she persisted in refusing all sustenance. At length the police and tfie relieving officer for the district were called in, and they found her in a very, weak and sinking condition, so much so that it. was apparent fatal consequences would result if prompt measures were not adopted. The relieving officer could only ofi'er the woman an order for the workhouse, which die refused, and the police avowed them selves unable to interfere unless she was turned into the street by her master — a proceeding the toll-collector did not feel justified in adopting. The medical ollicur of the district was next applied to, with the view of ascertaining the girl's state j of mind ; but on examination taking .place, no j evidence of insanity could be detected. Fesiiasion, j expostulation, and threats were all tried to induce 1 her to take some support, but to no purpose. At lengtii she was told that she would be turned into : the street, and conveyed to the police station, i This threat seemed to have some weight, for she ' ultimately said they might do as they liked with her. Without giving her time to change her 1 mind, a fly was obtained, and she was conveyed 1 to the workhouse. She was so exhausted that she had to be lifted in and out of the vehicle. 1 Practical Effect of Good Words. — Im portant to Iron Shipbuilders. — Witfi the fear of Stratlibogie Free Presbytery before our eyes, we hardly know whether we should chronicle a fact which lias come to our knowledge, and which shows how much a word " cast upon the waters" may effect. As we are informed, a Mr. Gray, in the employment of Messrs. Forrest and Co., shipbuilders, Liverpool, one day read in " Good Words" an aualyiie account of the power of steam, in which it was state! that " three tons of coals would, if properly applied, perform as much work as a man in the course of a lifetime," and was so struck by the epigrammatic pith of the statement that it remained prominently in his mind. Gray, we are informed, has a remark able genius for mechanics, and therefore, perhaps, was more struck with the thought above-men tioned than an ordinary reader would be. Hap pening to be in the building-yard one day, and looking carelessly about him, he found himself listlessly watching the hammermen tap tapping the rivets into the plates of the vessel, when the statement in " Good Woods" flushed across his mind, and he thought, " Well, surely steam might with advantage be used for this work." He ac cordingly in his first spare time set to work to invent a " rivetting machine" for rismtting the plates in iron vessels, and has now succeeded so far that he has taken out a patent, and got some of his machines put in use. Mr. Gray, we be lieve, is at present in Glasgow, where he. has got orders for machines from the Messrs. Napier, Messrs. Todd and M'Grcgor, Caird, of Greenock, &c.; His machines are portable and comparatively small, and perform in an astonishingly short time the work of many men. We have never seen him ; we do not know him ; and have 110 in terest in making his invention known except to give publicity to the' existence of such a valuable invention, and to notice the apparently trivial circumstance which mav be said to have been its origin. — Dundee Advertiser. Domestic Tragedy in Cumberland. — Wil liam Brown, a young farmer, lias shot himself dead at the village of Oughterby, seven or eight miles west of Carlisle. Some months ago he married a Miss Hudson, daughter of a neighbour ing farmer. They appear to have lived together in great happiness, and to have been a very loving couple. About three weeks ago the young wife was confined of a hoy. The mother died on Wednesday last, and;- the bereavement seems to have made her widoweil partner frantic with grief. On Thnrsday he went to li'is mother's house and got a gun. Nothing more was seen of liiin till a neighbour found his dead body on the road. It was lying face uppermost, and the clothes cover ing the chest were 011 fire. A gun was resting on his body, the muzzle pointing towards bis face. One end of a string was tied to the trigger, and at the oLher was a loop a few inches in length, by means of which he had discharged the gun with his foot. In his pocket were found a powder flask and shot) together with a copy book, con taining the following pathetic lines, written in a trembling hand : — " I hope that the Lord will forgive me. Without uiy Maggie I cannot be. You nepd (not) mourn me, because I must go. You will all look afier our darling boy. The little sum that would fall to my darling wife and me will make him' comfortable some time after. My wish is that we may be laid in one grave. This is the end of eight or nine years' courtship ! Now the shot must pierce my henrt. Oh, happy 3b dl wo be !" On another leaf were the words — " The old dog Wattie met (me) at the Croftfoot, Ivirkbainpton. Put me with my love Maggie on Saturday!" The jury returned a verdict of " Temporary insanity." The body was buried on Saturday, along with that of his wife. 1 Death from Practical Joking. — Priscilla i May, a young seamstress, has lost her life through " a girl's frolic. At the inquest, her father told the 1 story. She was in perfect health when, four months ago, she went to a house in Hyde Park Gardens, 1 London, to do some wo 'k. She returned three f days afterwards, looking seriously ill. She could i hardly breathe. Her nostrils were greatly dis- ' tended and plugged. She said that she had been I terribly frightened the night before. As she was L going up stairs-, she stated, with the governess t" and the servant, past the batii-room, the door of I the latter was seen to he open. She asked the i servant to close the door; and the latter was going to so when something all in white throw the door wide open, and appeared from the dark ness. She said that she instantly fell hack screaming into the arms of the governess. Blond gushed from her nostrils, and she was carried down stairs insensible. A doctor was sent for, and the servants remained lip with her all night. It appeared that the apparition in white was a servant, who dressed herself all in white in a practical joke. She never recovered from the shock. She lost her appetite, and her mind be came affected. She gradually sunk, and died 011 the 19th instant. Emma Fishery, nursery governess, said that she made her appearance in white merely to frighten the people going up stairs. The other servants knew nothing of her intention. She told the deceased that she was very sorry she had so seriously frightened her. The whole affair was a frolic " out of her own head." Air. A. Cutherwnod, surgeon, said that lie attended the deceased, and believed that she died from an obscure disease of the brain, joined with hysteria. Her death was decidedly accele rated by the fright. The Coroner said that the act of dressing up as a ghost was very foolish. In several cases it produced idiotcy, and in the present instance it caused dea'h. It was but right to consider, however, that the young woman who caused the mischief did not intend anything serious, and that she was evidently sincerely sorry for her folly. The jury returned a verdict of death from obscure disease of the brain and hys teria, accelerated hy fright, and that her death was caused by misfortune. A Novel Scientific Voyage.— A letter from Toulon gives some curious details relative to a scientific voyage about to be undertaken by the Duke de Ltiyues. Lieutenant Vignes, of the Imperial navy, has been appointed to the command of a steam gunboat belonging to the Duke which is to sail towards the end of the month 011 this voyage of discovery. After having visited the most interesting places in the Alediterranean, and particularly the coast of Syria, the boat is to be carried on the backs of mules across the moun tains of J u-lea, to lie launched 011 the Dead Sea, of which the waters are to bo analysed, as chemists are not agreed as to their quality. The gunboat is to bo again carried to the Alediter ranean, whence it will proceed to the Black Sea, ascend the Don, cross the Steppes of Dolgo in a waggon to reach the Wolga, which it will descend to the Caspian Sea, that immense conglomeration of water and of oil o'f petroleum, continually agitated with storms. After having carefully studied these phenomena, us well as the various ; inhabitants of that little- known region, the tra vellers will cross 011 camels the deserts of Asia 1 Minor to the town of Alissoul, where they will explore the course of the Tiger and the Emplirates, and examine the ruins of the great cities which flourished on their banks. After having accomplished this prodigious journey across seas, rivers, mountains, and deserts, the gunboat will return to France hy the Persian Gulf and the Red Sea. All the difficulties attending such a danger ous journey have been well considered and care fully anticipated. Even the construction of the boat is a cite/ d'antvrc of naval architecture and of comfort. All the pieces into which the boat is divided when taken asunder are actually number ed, so that it may. easily he put together in twenty-four hours. It will be for the first time that a steamboat shall have been carried across the precipices of Daghestan and the scorching sands of Alesopotamia. A picked crew have been placed under the command of Lieut mailt Vignes by the French Government for tlio navigation and transport of the gunboat. The Duke de Luynes is to he accompanied hy several friends, as well as hy savans and artists of the greatest merit, who have solicited the honour to share with him the dangers of this hazardous enterprise. An Iiusii Romance. — The Cork Examiner vouches for the .truth of the following bit of ro mance in real life : — On last Tuesday one of the largest audiences ever assembled in tlio Cork Theatre was attracted to it by the promised at tendance at the performance of the fox-hunters of the south of Ireland in full hunting costume. Connected with this incident is a story which contains a strong spice of romance. A gentle man residing in Cork, of considerable ..eminence in the scientific world, as well as distinguished in the hunting field and in social circles, was re cently at a ball .near Qiieenstown, at which a young lady of great beauty was present. In the course of the evening the gentleman, who had been but a short time previously introduced to the lady, managed to monopolise her conversa tion so much as to excite some little annoyance among various other gentlemen present. Among these were two English officers, one of whom in the course of the evening niade a remark to the Irish gentleman, which, by implication, meant that he would not be as successful in more manly contests. The Irish gentleman at once accepted the implied challenge, and said that if the lady would give him her bracelet to wear as a gage at the next day's hunt, which was to come off near Fermoy, he would undertake to come in at the finish before either of the two officers, and would then write a song to be dedicated to the lady, and in her praise, which he would get set to music, and afterwards have sung before one of the largest audiences ever assembled in the Cork Theatre. The wager was at once accepted, .£20 being the sum staked. Tlio lady with much spirit gave her bracelet, the hunt came off, the gentleman wore it, and rode in triumphantly at the head of the field. He afterwards did com pose the song and got it set to music, and this was the pretty ballad which Air. Bowler sung so charmingly after the opera. To secure the large house 011 that night the patronage of the fox- hunters of the south of Ireland was obtained by the gentleman who played such a prominent part in the transaction, aiul the highly successful re sult was to be found in the crammed condition of every part of the building. The next morning a letter was delivered to the hero of the adventure, containing a cheque for £20, from his rival, with whom whom he had made the bet, who thus ac knowledged our countryman's superiority as a courtier, a cavalier, and a poet. Recruiting at New York. — The Supervisors' recruiting committee are allowed to re-enlist all soldiers whose term in the field expires at any time in 1864, paying them the bounty at once, and the term of service commencing from the new enlistment. Supervisor Blunt's dumb-waiter, or trap-door, works to a charm. As soon as the recruit is passed, the chairman hands liiin his 300 d-ds., stands him on the trap and cries " Go!" and down he goes in a twinkling, like a bag of sugar or a box of red herrings, into the regions or basement below, and finds himself, before he knows it, among a score or more of boon com panions, beyond the possibility of being reached by sharpers, who are constantly on the look-out to wheedle the gallant fellows out of the their money. Air. Blunt has fitted up the room for their reception warm and comfortably, and at three o'clock every afternoon they are all marched off, with driims heating and colours flying, to head quarters, and the followiug day clothed in blue toggery and transported to Biker's Island. The women have become extra patriotic, and arc offer- ing to enlist. One huxora lass writes to Air. Blunt that she is a full and able-bodied woman, fit for soldier's clothes and the field, and if she can can only pass the surgeon's examination, which, she tells the chairman, there should be no diffi culty about, is sure she would make a better soldier- than any man now in the field, and begs the supervisor to receive her. It is somewhat doubtful if the supervisor will look upon her case in the same flattering light the would-be volunteer does. It is a case of superlative patriotism, and win prnnauiy De auoweu to pass over. — i\ew York Times. An Eventful Life. — In the London Uourt ol Bankruptcy, on Friday week, Mr. Z. C. Pearson, tlio late mayor of Hull, applied for his order of discharge. Reference having been made to the bankrupt's expenditure, which was stated at £12,410 for the four years preceding the stop page, he was questioned, and in the course of his examination lie said: — I began life as a sailor hoy, and I afterwards became master of a ship. Subsequently I started ' in business as a ship owner. During the last two years of my trading it was an uniform coiusc with me to mortgage ships as I purchased them. In Alay, 1861, I purchased from Alessrs. Overend ami Gurney seven vessels for £88,000, payable by instal ments. I gave Alessrs. Overend and Co. mort gages upon the vessels, 11s security for the pay ment of the purchase money. I11 April, 1862, Alessrs. Overend and Co. advanced me £35,000 upon the freights of six vessels. I gave Alessrs. Overend and Co. security upon the goods which I had purchased from creditors, and which were in the vessels mortgaged. Alessrs. Overend and Co. have behaved very well in this matter : they offered 8s. in the pound to my creditors. I am of opinion that if I had been allowed to continue my business, I should have recovered a very lar«e sum of money from the Confederate Govern ment — a sum sufficient for payment of all my debts in full. As it is, the estate lias been ruin ed, and the vessels have been sold for very little. Air. Pease, banker, of Hull, is one of my opposing creditors. Air. Pease was a great friend of mine during the time of my prosperity ; but Ihe mo ment I fell lie, like a great many others, deserted me. No person was more envious of my position in Hull than Mr. Pease. During the four months immediately preceding my stoppage, my renewal of bills amounted to £132,000. The number of bills current very much increased <luring>-tlie last few months of my trading. Since my bankruptcy I have been engaged, in connection with the Rap- pahannock, as agent for my brother-in-law, Air. Coleman, of Clement's lane. — Mr. C. E. Lewis | objected to this evidence, and an animated discus- ' sion ensued as to the propriety of introducing such j matters into the case, as criminal proceedings wero being taken with respect to the Ilappahan- 1 nock. — Air. Commissioner Goullmrn ultimately J decided in favour of the objection, and the subject was dropped, the admission having been made by the bankrupt that he shared in the commission with Alessrs. Coleman and Co. 011 the sale of the ship, which realised £15,000 I11 answer to the 1 last question asked by Air. Bngley,, the bankrupt 1 said that some years ago ho had made a donation of £1000 towards the erection of a chapel at Hull. Singular Application. — On Monday, at the Clerkenwell Police Court, a respectably attired man, upon Air. D'Eyncourt taking his seat, said — Sir, I want your advice and assistance, for I want to go back and live witli my wife. I am in love with her, but I am jilted, and you are the only person that can assist me. — Mr. D'Eyncourt inquired if the applicant was living with his wife ? — The Applicant: No, and I can't live by myself, and for this simple reason— I earn 18s. per week, out of which I allow her 9s., and it can't be done to live and keep your rent paid out of the re mainder. I have asked her to allow me to go back and live with her, hut she will not. She has a taste for the stage, and says that if I went back to her she would not get on so well. Oh, wicked woman, that she could scorn true love for the sake of glory ; and although I know that she de serves not the love and the priceless fond affection that I bestow 011 her, yet would I go back to her, but she will not allow me. — Air. D'Eyncourt said he coiild not help -the applicant. If he wished to have his wife back he had better apply to the Di vorce Court for restitution of conjugal rights. — The Applicant : But I have not got the money. Her being away from me makes me unhappy, and breeds in me innumerable evils, discomfort, dis organisation, and neglect. And what can bo worse than that, for if I allow them to go on .1 shall lose my situation and my wages. If you were to send one of your officers with me I have no doubt but that she would come to her senses. I was wrong, veiy wrong, when I left her and agreed to let her have the money. No, I am not a heartless, selfish man, and would sooner that she should have the whole of my money than she should be dissatisfied with me. — Air. D'Eyncourt told the applicant that he could not assist him, and the best thing the applicant could do would be to go to his wife and persuade her to altar the arrangement he had himself made. — The appli cant thanked his wors' ip and retired. An Unfortunate Precentor. — A somewhat comical incident took place in a church not very far distant from Biidge-street, Glasgow, on Sun day, the 24th January. The office of precentor being vacant, one of the candidates selected for trial had an opportunity in the afternoon of sing ing before the congregation. The opening psalm having been sung, and the first prayer concluded, the minister began as usual to read a chapter, when the precentor, feeling tired perhaps with his previous week's work, and quite comfortable in the soft red cushioned desk, could not resist the temptation of laying his head down on the board. Doubtless he did not intend to fall asleep, but only to enjoy the quiet pleasing sensa tion which we feel when only half awake, but unfortunately for him he had miscalculated his powers of awakening to perfect consciousness at the proper time ; for the chapter was finished and another psalm given out and more than half read without his raising his head or making any signs ol stirring. Some looked grave, others, less decorous, notwithstanding the solemnity of the place and occasion, couhl not repress a smile or a titter, while the church officer and a sympa thising old woman both started up at the same time to rouse the soporific singer, but they were too late, for a young man, of more decision and presence of mind than the rest, had already taken Lis stand hy the side of the desk, and.lost no time . in commencing a suitable time. The poor pre centor was now thoroughly awakened, and looked foolish and silly enough, and no doubt felt very uncomfortable; for after the singing of the psalm, with abashed and downcast looks, he hur riedly retired from the church, leaving the other young man to conduct the psalmody for the rest of the afternoon. — Glasgow Mail " Yankee Tricks." — Captain Maury, the well- known ' hydrograplier, writes : — Soon after the commencement of the American war the Yankees rosorted to the trick of getting lip facsimiles of Richmond papers, in type, paper, aud size, of copying their advertisements, and then filling up With reading matter of Northern manufacture. These papers were then put the mails, re ceived, copied from, and circulated wtihout sus picion as Southern " utterances." The English press is now the victim of nnotlier " trick" of the same sort. A document, copied from the Northern papers, is now going the rounds of the continental and English press, which purports to be the official report of Mr. AInllory, the Confederate Secretary of the Navy, to the Congress in Richmond. It is" a take in, it bears internal evidence of a hoax, and I know many of its statements to be false. Fleaso, therefore, assure your readers that. 110 such document has ever been uttered by the Sec retary of the Confederate navy, and so help me to " nail to the counter" the spurious thing also. 