CASTLEMAINE POLICE COURT. Fiilay, Feb. 19. (Before:Lieut.-Col. Bull, P.M., and Mr Powlett, P.M.) Insanity.— Donald M'Donald, Thomas Wil liams, and Ah Lay, who have been detained under medical supeiwision for some time past, being found to have recovered their senses under the treatment of the Gaol Surgeon, were dis charged. A Drunken Woman. — Martha Ridley, who had been brought from the Por-cupine on a charge of drunkenness, was fined _5s for the offence. "V iolent Assault.— George Whitting was remanded for eight days on a charge of violently assaulting a man at Ghewton, on Thursday, by striking him on the head with a pick shaft. The man assaulted was unable to attend, having been taken to the Iiosdital. putting his foot in it. Solomon Alexander was. informed against by J. Anderson with stealing a pair of boots, his property. Mr Leech appeared for the prisoner. The evidence of the prosecutor was that himself and- the prisoner were fellow lodgers at Alce's boarding house, and on Wednesday night tbe prosecutor left a pair of boots in his carpet-bag, which was locked/and on Thursday he found that the frame work of the bag had been strained open, and though still locked, his boots had been abstracted. The boots, on the return of the prosecutor, were found on the prisoner's feet, when he said they were his " Sun- daj' boots," and then said he "must have taken them by mistake." Detective Rourke, on behalf of the prose cution, pressed the witnesses very hardly to elicit evidence damaging to the prisoner. -: .v Mr Leech protested against 'this course/ re marking that were a Crown Prosecutor, a mem ber of his own profession, conducting a case, he would be satisfied with the plain answer given by; "the witnesses, and not attempt to make them say more. The prisoner elected to accept the summary jurisdiction of the Bench. - : Mr Leech offered a statement of facts fur nished to him by the prisoner, which was to the effect that he took.the boots purely by mistake for his own, and that the prosecutor must1 have beeen mistaken as to having locked up his boots. The learned counsel argued at length that there was an absence of the animus furandi, and that at- the time of the alleged stealing he had a reasonable supposition that the boots were his own. In reply to the Bench, Detective Rourke said he could not give the prisoner a good character. The Bench . sentenced the prisoner to one month's imprisonment, with hard labour. The case appeared to have excited consider able interest, if we may judge by the crpwded- state of the Court. The accused is a ovell-known pedestrian and dancer. The Goat Question. — — Temple was charged by Mrs Jeffcott with illegally detaining a milch goat, her property. The complainant had reared it, and had the animal for' two or three years ; the animal avas ear-marked, the ear was cut off. The defendantswore: also positively- to the goat as his propert-, and as having reared it-, but it having strayed,: the plaintiff had. got hold of it and- cut its ears. The Bench considered it a ease of mistaken identity, and dismissed it. r Carters BEaarare. — John Marriall was charged by the police with leaving his horse and dray. untended. The defendant admitted . being away from his horse/but said he " was 'watching it all the time;" The Bench inflicted a fine of Is, recommending the defendant to put a chain on tlie wheel when he had occasion to leave his dray. - civil causes."" Pendred v Adams.— £2 18s 6d. Judgment by default for the amount. . - " : Lewis v M'Donald.— £2 7s, for services, ren dered at the farm of the defendant. After a sharp quasi professional cross-examination by the defendant, a verdict passed for. £1 15s. . The Court then adjourned. The Ghost, at the Theatre Royal. — We accepted the invitation of Professor Herring to witness, last night, a rehearsal of the Ghost Illusion/ avhich w-ill be presented at the Theatre" this evening. The experiment" was in- every re-., spect most successful. The figure stood' out on the stage, even more palpably than the actual form of a man could be observed by the. dimmed gas lights.. i.. So brilliant, indeed, is, the M-lime: light:'; which is, usedT-we: .believe, for the, first time— by Professor Perring and Mr Francis. iu the ghost experiment, that when a person on the stage stood- immediately in front - of his' ghostship, the; spectre overpowered the reality, and 4he substance-' was completely eclipsed by | the shadows So-much is already known of the 1 process which this wonderful optical illusion is I produced, that it is not necessary to explain the apparatus, avhich is of the simplest character. : From what ave avitnessed last night, we are I quite sure that the performance this evening (so far at all events as the production of a per fect ghost is concerned) will be entirely success ful. It will be seen by the advertisement that in addition to this " sensational " spectacle, the entertainment will include a series of beautiful disolviug views, and a variety of marvellous chemical experiments in illustration of the " fiery ordeal," not the least of which will be the picking up of molten lead out of an iron bowl with the naked hand, and the walking over red hot iron bars with bare feet. We think ; that the- programme promises a very enjoyable and instructive entertainment. 