GLADSTONE ON TAXATION. (From The Times.) by Mr. Gladstone introduced his Bill for the better Collection of Taxes, which was read a second time on Monday night, in a speech which was a miracle of ingenuity. Few could have supposed that there existed on this dry ground so many varied materials of moral and imaginative interest. It is true that the greater part of mankind are hopelessly ignorant as to the nature of the gulf between the tax collector and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and how it is bridged over. The tax paid and the receipt filed, no one cares to know what becomes of the money, except that one occasionally reads in the papers the portentous account of a collector having disappeared. and the taxes having actually to be levied again. An event so hideous we class with a conflagration or an attack of hydrophobia -a calamity that only occurs to one in ten thousand, or not so many. But the general public now learns from Mr. Gladstone that there is a world of existence, of incident, and of excitement in that fiscal hierarchy of which the collector, with his iron pen his inkbottle, and his book, is the humble messenger and representative and that in it there are grievances, jealousies, opportunities of spite and persecu- tion, and room for catastrophes, even to the chance of whole parishes being laid under unknown collectors against their will, plundered wholesale, and compelled to make good the defalcations of men whom they had no hand in appointing. That taxpayers, indeed, should suffer grievances is intelligible and probable ; but that parishes, commissioners of land-tax, assessed taxes and income-tax, clerks, assessors, and even collectors, should be actually suffering untold wrongs, is a revelation which the world was hardly prepared for. It is a new source of interest, and a new field of sympathy. In the almost utter exhaustion of domestic incidents one novelists might find a new world in Mr. G11 dstone's disclosures. A general officer ora lady of rank compelled by a rejected assessor, or a jealous Board of Commissioners, to collect taxes and to sell up half the neighborhood, being three obliged to abandon the London season, a Continental tour, and still more interesting engagements, but taking a just revenge by bolting with the money and leaving all the neighborhood to pay their taxes over again, the surveyor to go into the Gazette, and the clock to commit suicide, would, at least, have the claim of novelty, and a dedication to Mr. Gladstone would secure a large and enthusiastic class of readers. For our part, we will not rush in where the veil is so recently raised, and where Mr. Gladstone himself cannot answer for the temper of the agencies he has brought to light Our interest is that of the taxpayer. In that capacity we are quite content to have no voice in the appointment of the collector, particularly as we recognize the principle involved in the present system of voluntary assessment, that so long as the Treasurer does not appoint the collector, it will not be answer- able for his defalcations. Of course we consider it an object to secure that the ghost of a tax once laid, it shall not revisit us. Then, too, we cannot but acknowledge the simplicity and economy of making one set of officials do all the work. On one point there must still be a difference of opinion ; or rather, as Mr. Gladstone says, a decided objection, for the present to collection by the officers of the Inland Revenue. In many places the office of collector is very valuable, and the commissioners will be sorry to part with the patronage. But should the Bill become law, and work well where allowed a trial, no doubt the general interest will eventually prevail against the very natural wishes of local commissioners. As to the surveyors, they are not molested for the present, either in their office or in their pay. But though the Chancellor of the Exchequer seems to have exhausted all the grievances of all the classes concerned in the collection of taxes, there is one class, not less interested, which may still ask his sympathy and elucidation. It is the taxpayer. Mr. Gladstone alludes to the fact that he is not always at home, that he is not always in a good humor, and that he has not always a handful of cash within reach. When this happens he is sorry for the collector. So are we but still more for the " victim." Consider- ing tins multitude of these cells, it is no wonder that a man is not always prepared for them, and if he cannot write a check for the amount he must put the collector to the trouble of another call. The functionary, however, is either at no great distance or he is frequently going his rounds, and in neither case is it a great hardship to have to call again. It is his business to call, and call again. He generally knows people. He is chosen because his employment compels a universal knowledge. Perhaps he is rate collector; perhaps register ; perhaps sexton or clerk ; perhaps schoolmaster or auctioneer and appraiser, or one of the trades which bring him into many houses and into contact with many people. Of course, he knows when a man may be safely trusted for a few days. Even his second or third call does not drive poor householders wild and make them dream of a distress. They know they are in gentle hands, and that the stern official element is tempered with the softer spirit of trade. The man who is often soliciting orders, and who is paid his Chrismas bills, some before New Years Day, BOUIC before Easter, and equally thankful for the latter, will not turn a man's house out of windows. It is not his nature or habit. He has some of the oil of humanity in his system. He has an interest in things going on well all about him. Then, of one thing you feel most comfortably sure you will not forget to pay your tax, and find yourself sold up without notice. You will be reminded. The collector will call you to your duty at the eleventh hour. His memory is BO faithful that you may be spared the mental burden. You need not make a memorandum, or stick up the notice on the mantel-piece, or knot your handkerchief, for the collector is sure not to forget you. At least, if he should by any chance, you will not take it as a very great slight. You will not break your heart if he should forget you altogether. But as far as we understand Mr. Gladstone's Bill it will put an end to this comfortable state of things. The officer of the Inland Revenue, in other words, the exciseman, living at a market-town, far or near, and perhaps knowing very little about you, is to drop his massive into the letterbox of his town ; repeat it, if necessary and sit in his office expecting your attendance, or, as we presume, your answer by post. The majority of the accounts are small, and the majority will be paid in cash, not by shock so the majority of the taxpayers are expected to go to the market town for the purpose unless, indeed, they can forward the money by a neighbor going that way. But the whole responsibility of the transaction is accumulated on the taxpayer, who must receive the latter, keep it, bear it in mind, and pay it, either in person, or by a bearer or by post. The officer is to give due notice of the days and hours in which he will be ready to receive payment, and, no doubt, in many cases, it will be much the same thing when the payment is made. Yet, there are many cases of a different character, and many men, not wholly undeserving of our sympathy, who will be apt to forget, even after a second warning, that they have to pay their Assessed Taxes, or their Land Tax, or their Income Tax, before the month is out, She frequent occurrence of exceedingly similar demands makes it difficult to remember them distinctly. You are sure you have paid the last quarter, when it turns out you are at least one in arrears. Yon are sure you have paid your Assessed Taxes, when, after all, it was Income Tax. Mr. Gladstone intimates that some change is necessary, as the Treasury has now and then to decide the very delicate question whether to let off a parish where the collector cannot square his accounts, or to compel it to make good the defence. If the question frequently arises, and if the revenue suffers in consequence, or any parish suffers unjustly, that is a valid reason for a safer class of officers. The responsibility will follow the power of appointment almost as a matter of course This is the case of the Treasury us against the local commissioners and voluntary agency. But, we submit, there is still the case of the individual taxpayer to be considered, 