GENERAL NEWS. In reply to enquiries as to the length of time allowed for the Northern Expedition to get ready, we may state that from the time when the vessel chartered announces her readiness to receive cargo, 21 days will he allowed. After the 21 days, there are 10 days subject to daily demurrage. It will hence be seen that the limit of delay is sharply drawn. We are informed that every effort is being made to get away as early as possible, but that there is yet a good deal to be done. The Government have been compelled to send to Melbourne for "Westley Richard's carbines, and many appointments have yet to be made. It is, no doubt, very desirable that the party should get away as soon as possible, so as to make the most of the two or three months favorable weather that they may look forward to on arrival. We are informed that at about the time of arrival the party expect to find some 1,500 Malay blacks located on that part of the coast, engaged in their annual fishing expedition. Thesefmen consist of certain heads of families, or chiefs, and slaves. They are all generally quietly disposed, although of course much caution is neces sary where such large numbers of men are congre gated. But the slaves, we are told, do not go armed; the heads of the party being alone the fighting men. In the Victorian Legislative Assembly, on the I7fch inst., Mr. Anderson asked the Commissioner of Customs whether he had received any communica tions from the Government of South Australia rela tive to Border duties ? The Commissioner is reported to have replied as follows :—" No official communication had been received, but the Hon. Mr. Hart, Treasurer of the South Australian Government, while in Melbourne engaged in the business of the Intercolonial Conference upon Lighthouses, had made a proposition to him on the subject. The pur port of this was that the duties on river borne goods reaching the Murray, via Adelaide, should be col lected, as at present, by South Australia, in con formity with the tariff of that colony. As he (the Commissioner) saw no objection to either of the points he offered him, Captain Hart then suggested that South Australia should receive 10 per cent, out of the whole amount for the service, leaving 90 per cent., of which New South "Wales would have 60 per cent., and Yictoria 30 per cent. There was, however, a further claim, which would practically absorb the 30 per cent., which would be handed over for the benefit of South Australia, owing to the position of that colony at the mouth of the river. Under these circumstances he did not encourage the proposition of Captain Hart. At all events, that gentleman was not officially instructed." We understand that a meeting has been held by the Smillie tenants in Nairne to' me morialise the trustees of the estate for a reduction of their rents, as the crops in the district are so very bad this year. Some say they will not average more than five bushels an acre. We are informed that the signatures to the anti transportation petition have been sent in from Brighton, Mitcham, Mount Barker, and Portland Estate, and have been forwarded to His Excellency with a request that they may be laid before Her Majesty. There were four applications made this day for land, and 4 sections taken up, the sum paid into the Bank being £00. The result of the operations up to the present date stand as follows:— • 0 ' Date. Applications. Deposits. Acres." March 1. 237 £7,160 67,280 " 2. 36 720 .. 6,760 " 3. 10 . 200 1,600 44 4. 8 180;-l;; 1,440 " 5. 3 120. . 960 ■« 7- 10 .200 1,600 " 8. 10 240 1,920 " 9. 2 40 320 •4 10. 3 60 480 " 11. 3 80 640 44 12. 2 60 480 44 14. 5 120 960 " 15. 3 60 480 " 16. 1 20 160 " 17. 2 40 320 44 18. 4 80 640 44 19 7 140 1,120 44 21 2 40 320 44 22 9 360 2,880 44 23 4 80 640 361 £10,000 80,000 At the North Park Bands, on Saturday, the 19th inst., a most spirited, exciting, and well-contested match at cricket took place between the " United Tradesmen's" and the "South Australian" clubs. The United Tradesmen first handled the willow, and made a score of 68, Hillier making 28—the highest number on either side—and Lever 12. The South Australians then went to the wickets and scored 58—• 10 less than their opponents, Eullarton making 23, after which the United again took the field, and made four, with one wicket down, when the stumps were drawn. The batting of both teams was, generally speaking, very good, but particularly so that of" Hillier and Eullarton, which was highly admired, as well as the manner in which Staeey end Lever res pectively acquitted themselves—the former as wicket keeper, and the latter as longstop. The attendance of spectators was unusually large. Saturday after noon, the 2nd of April next, was fixed for the cons tinuance of the matoh. The following are the scores:— United Tradesmen. First Innings. W. Hillier, b. Perrj man 28 W. Johns, run out, b. Hurst... ... o J. Chittelborough, c. Featherstone, b. Ferryman 1 D. Bebee, c. Boothby. b. Perryman 1 L. Grayson, b. Hurst 1 E. Pinkstone, o. Perryman o K. Leaver, b. Hurst 12 G. Stacy, not out l H. Roberts, b. Hurst 1 J. Higgins, b. Hurst 0 H. Packer, run out 0 Byes 15 Leg byes ... 2 Total 68 South Australians. First Innings. T. Woods, run out, b. Hillier 6 H. O'Hallaron, b. Hillier ... 12 Hurst, b. Hillier 3 Boothby, run out ... 0 W. Fisher, b. Bebee _ o F. Marchant, l.b.w., b. Hillier 3 B. FeatherBtone, b. Hillier o Gouge, not out ... o Fullarion, b. Roberts 23 Perryman, b. Roberts o H. Cowie, jun., b. Bebee S Wide balls 3 Leg byes ... 3 Total 58 The conversazione of the Adelaide Philosophical Society was held at the Institute on Tuesday evening. His Excellency the Governor took the chair at half past 7 o'clock, and the business of the monthly meet ing of the Society was first transacted. Messrs. W. C ivanagh, M.P., and C. S. Hare were duly elected members. The Chief Justice then rose, and, in the name of the Society, presented to Mr. J. Howard Clark an excellent photographic apparatus as a mark of the high sense entertained of the past services rendered by him to the advancement of the Society. Mr. Clark expressed his gratification in appropriate terms, and an interval of half an hour was then spent by the ladies and gentlemen present in examining the microscopes and works of art lent for the occasion. There was an abundance to instruct and amuse, for not only was the Museum of the Institute and the School of Design open, but 16 different microscopes were on the tables, and the interval allowed was not nearly enough to examine half of the beautiful and interesting objects accompanying the instruments. His Excellency having resumed the chair, the Rev. J. Maughan read a brief paper on the "Utility of the Microscope." He referred to the immense use of optics, so far beyond what was contemplated by the founders of the science, and then spoke of the different and great values of the telescope and microscope, the latter of which, from a mere scientific toy, has become of vast importance to the advancement of knowledge, by its discoveries among the minutest organisms. The anatomist and physiologist are alike indebted to the microscope, by which every part of the body has been examined, and great alterations made in our knowledge of vital action. Thus it has been found that each part of the animal organism has a separate life in itself. To geological science also the microscope has been of service m investigating the relics of the past, and ex hibiting the true origin of some of the fossils. As an ally of chemistry, it has opened up fresh fields of investigation. And it has also been of use to the detective police by the exhibition of era sures, and the use of different inks in suspicious documents. The rev. gentleman here related the well-known case of the bullion robbery on the South western Railway, in which the thief was detected by a microscopic examination of the quality of the sand with which he had filled one of the bullion boxes, the result being the discovery of the locality where the robbery had been committed, and the con sequent apprehension at that place of the thief. Lastly, he spoke of the adulteration. of food and medicine, and said that we were indebted to Dr. Hassell for his discoveries on this subject. He said the value of the microscope had been greatly en hanced by the discovery of the laws of polarization of light, which disclosed to us the hitherto unknown and exquisite organization, of bodies, and concluded by sa> ing that we were only on the threshold of scien tific discoveries, so that there was infinitely more unknown than what was known, and only an eternity could suffice for us to know ourselves and the world in which we live. Mr. C. Todd moved a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Maughan. His own experi ence had been more amongst telescopes than micro scopes, and he had derived much pleasure from the rev. gentleman's lecture. Mr. Hosking seconded, and the vote was carried by acclamation. The Rev. Mr. Maughan returned thanks. He said that the limits allowed him, and the short time he had had to pre pare his paper, had prevented him from making it more interesting. The Secretary then explained that the Rev. J. B. Austin, of Macclesfield, had written to him, stating that he could not be present that evening, owing to the death of a dear friend. The Chief Justice moved a vote of thanks to His Excel lency for presiding, which was carried by acclamation. His Excellency, in acknowledging the vote, said that nothing gave him greater pleasure than to attend meetings of that nature, which he hoped would be come more frequent. The business of the evening was thus concluded, but the ladies and gentlemen present spent some time longer in examining the microscopes. The annual tea and public meeting of the Baptist chapel, Lefevre-terrace, North Adelaide, was held last evening. M. R. A. Tarlton presided over the publio meeting, and introduced Mr. C. H. Gt-oode to the meeting. That gentleman then delivered a very pleasant conversational lecture, descriptive of his re collections of a visit he paid to Italy, in company with the Rev. W. Landels, in the year 1862. On the motion of the Rev. J. Gardner, seconded by the Rev. J. Jefferis, a cordial vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Goode. Mr. E. S. Wigg then, on behalf of several members of the church and congregation, pre sented Miss Stonehouse (daughter of the pastor), with a purse, containing a sum of money (unmen tioned), in recognition of her valuable services as player of the harmonium, and as an expression of the respect and .esteem entertained towards her. The Rev. G. Stonehouse having replied to the gift, votes of thanks were accorded to the ladies and to the Chairman, after which the meeting closed. The pro ceeds of the services amounted to over £20. We publish fuller particulars in another column. The seventh anniversary of the Bible Christian Chapel, Young-street, has just been celebrated. On Sunday last sermons were preached in the morning, afternoon, and evening, by the Revs. Messrs. J. Rock, J. Lyall, and J. Way respectively. On Monday a tea meeting, pretty well attended, was held, after which a public meeting took place,^ presided over by Mr. J. Pellew. Addresses were" delivered by the Rev. Messrs. Lee, Rock, Way, and Maughan; and an interesting dialogue was recited by Bix young lads. The total proceeds of the services realised £13. On Tuesday the children connected with the school were treated to their annual festival. They started from town at a suitable hour in the morning for Mitcham, where the day was spent in a pleasur able way. They returned to the schoolroom about 5 o'clock, and partook of tea, after which they pro ceeded home. The school now numbers 128 scholars, and there is a library connected with it of about 300 volumes. On Monday evening, March 21, a lecture was fleliyered before the members of the Norwood Young Men's Association in Bennett's Schoolroom, Syden bam-road, by the Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, on "Natural Magic." The President (Mr. R.Wells) occupied the chair. The room was completely crowded, including a large number of ladies. The rev. lecturer introduced his subject by alluding to the study of natural magic in ancient times, when its students exerted their superior knowledge in striking "superstitious dread, into the minds of the less enlightened. He spoke of the muffled thunder pro duced in some of the heathen temples ; of the fountain which was reported to have sent forth wine seven days in the year and water during the remaining days; and to other apparently surprising effects traceable to an acquaintance with some of the laws of acoustics, hydrostatics, and mechanics. Passing on, he con cisely described the eye, referring especially to the insensibility of that part of the retina situated at the base of the optic nerve, which he illustrated by experiments. Among other interesting facts asso ciated with this subject, he showed that the nerve could not simultaneously act as a channel to convey impressions from the brain to the eye and vice versa. Again, adverting to the subject of ghosts and spectres, he remarked that the larger number of such apparitions could be explained by natural causes, such as a peculiar condition of the mind, disease, spectral illusion, &c.;, and gave an instance from "Brewster's Natural Magic," in which a woman was constantly being visited by apparitions on which she was in the habit of experimenting in order to prove their immaterial character. He next, by means of the thaumatrope, demonstrated how the image of an object was retained on the retina for a short interval, and then by a series of interesting ex periments showed what strange results could be pro duced from simple causes. Mr. J. Z. Sellar moved a vote of thanks to the reverend gentleman for the highly instructive and interesting lecture he had given them. Mr. John Wells in a few appropriate re marks seconded the proposition, which was carried with acclamation, and the company dispersed. The long projected bazaar in aid of the reduction of the debt on the Temperance Hall, North Ade laide, was commenced yesterday in the building. The stalls were presided over by the following ladies :—Stall No. 1, Mrs. Bickle and Miss Raikes ; No. 2, Mrs. Nelson j No. 3, Mrs. Hill j No. 4, Miss Jessie Cole ; No. 5, Mrs. Gr. Newman. Re freshment stall, Mrs. Sweetzer. There was a large variety of goods of a very useful character, as also a considerable quantity of fancy work. The attend ance in the daytime was not very large, but in the evening an improvement took place, and a brisk trade was transacted. The pealing of the bells by Mr. Perrvman, and some other music, formed an attraction and caused much enjoyment. The gross proceeds of the day amounted to £47 23. 6d. A fresh lot of goods will, we understand, be unpacked for sale to-day. The annual District Committee of the South Aus tralian District of the Independent Order of Reohabites waB held at the Temperance Hotel, Hindley-street, on Monday, March 21. D.C.R. G-ould presided, and there were present, D.D.R. Holland, D.T. Rhodes, D.S. Alcock, and the follow ing Delegates :—Southern Star, P.D.C.R. Broad, and P.C.R. Maley; Northern Star, P.C.R. Cleve; Star of Freedom, C.R. EdwardB; Rising Star, C.R. Ellis; Morning Star, C.R. Hill; Salem Tent P.D.C.R. Cole, M.P. ; Star of Hope, P.C.R. Radford ; Zion Tent, D.R. Dale; Mount Barker, P.C.R. Hannaford. Before the business was proceeded with the D.C.R. presented a handsome sash to P.D.C.R. Broad—a present which had been voted to him at the last annual meeting, in recognition of his services. P.D.C.R. Broad returned thanks. The Balance sheet and Auditors' report were read. After a great deal of discussion they were passed, and ordered to be printed. The draft of the annual report of the District Officers was read, from which it appeared that the progress of the Order during the year had been highly satisfactory. There have been four Tents opened, namely, one at Mount Barker, one at Bel videre, one at Mount Gambier, and one at Callington. An application to open a Tent at Clare has been re ceived, for which a dispensation will be granted im mediately, and there are three others in course of signature—at North Adelaide, Kadina, and the Sturt. One juvenile Tent has been opened at Port Elliot during the year. There have been initiated 76 members; run out, 14; leaving an increase of 62. Members good, including hon. members, 239; total number of members on the books, 247; In crease of Tent Eunds, £74 2s. 7d.; General Funeral Fund, £98 5s. 9d.; Juvenile Funds, £15. Total in crease of funds, £187 8s. 4d., or at the rate of 15s. 3d. per member. A variety of business con nected with the various Tents waB then gone into. The delegate of the Northern Star Tent gave in a claim for the funeral pay of a late brother of that Tent, who had died in Bombay ; but as it appeared that there was a doubt as to its being the legal claim, it was held over for a further application. The election of officers was next proceeded with; D.D.R. Holland was elected D.C.R., and D.T. Rhodes was elected D.D.R. At the close of this election P.C.R. Cleve, the delegate of the Northern Star, stated that it would be the cause of great dissatisfaction in his Tent, as the district was already composed of so large a majority of Southern Star members. The D.D.R. elect said, after the above remarks, he should not feelitrightto retain his seat, and therefore resigned; his resignation was accepted, and P.C.R. Cleve was elected in his . place j P.D.C.R. Gould was elected D.T., and D.S. Alcock was re-elected to the office of Secretary; C.R. Ellis and P.D.T. Rhodes were appointed auditors. It was resolved, on the motion of a delegate of the Southern Star Tent, that the general laws having become rather compli cated from frequent alterations, they be referred to a Committee for consolidation and amendment, and to report to the adjourned annual meeting. The levies were fixed for the ensuing quarter, and the meeting adjourned. An accident occurred on Monday evening on the Bay-road, which has caused the death of a very valuable horse, belonging to Mr. William Fisher. Mr. Fisher was driving the Hon. J. Morphett from his residence at Cummins, and on turning into the road near the Morphett Arms the horse shied at something and commenced kicking very violently. The animal did great damage to the buggy to whioh he was attached, and so injured itself that it had to be shot on the following day (Tuesday). Its value was, we are told, estimated at £60. It will be seen from an announcement in our ad vertising columns that the duty of provisioning the Foresters' picnic on Easter Monday is entrusted to Host Worsnop, of the Globe, who has advertised his tariff of charges. The following is a list of the shippers of horses per Utopia for Madras F. R. Hunt, 3; J. Frame, 1; Allan Bell, 4; T. Hamlyn, 1; T. W. Moran, 8 ; M. Scott, 3; J. Harvey, 2; A. Ferguson, 8 ; G. Bennett, 8; J. Gilbert, 1* G. Alston, 12; J. Crimp, 2; J. Enowles, 2; James Brown, 25 ; Hutchinson, 28; J. Crane, 5; Dr. Fisher, 3. The two lots shipped by Mr. Brown and Mr. Hutchinson are unbroken horses from the South-Eastern District. A match between the Hindmarsh and West Ade laide Cricket Clubs was played on Monday on the "West Lands, As will be sees from the the Hindmarsh men won easy in a single innings. The following is the score :— West Adelaide. ' First Innings. Second Innings. W. Hillier, b. Leaney 0 c. Leaney R. Leaver, b. Leaney 5 b. Jones C. Tompkins, c. Hunwiok ... 13 b. Hunwick J. Chittleborough, c. Lowe ... 8 not out D. Bebee. St. Stacey 0 b. Taylor W. Botten, b. Leaney ... ... 2 b. Hunwick L. Grayson, b. Jones 4 b. Taylor E. Finkstone, run out 9 b. Leaney H. Roberts, o. Jones ... ... 0 runout W. Thurlow, b. Leaney o b. Hunwick H. Clift, not out 6 b. and c- Leaney Byes ' 4 Ho balls Total ... 51 41 Hindmaksh. First Innings. W. Jobns, not out 41 W. Taylor, b. Roberts ... 5 C. Hunwick, b. Roberts 5 W. Lowe, b. Roberts 4 W. Leaney, b. Roberts 25 G-. Jones, b. Roberts ... ... 0 G. Stacey, l.b.w. ... 0 W. Beale, run out l F. Ring, b. Leaver 10 W. Rose, c. Finkstone 8 G. Ruseell, o. Packer 8 Byes ... ... ... 11 Wides 3 Leg bye ... ... l Total... 122 We have been requested to call attention to the announcement in our advertising columns of the men s Swimming Matches, to come off at the Bay on Grood Friday. 