THE GHOSTS OF SANDSIDE CASTLE. A true Story for all Headers. Bv ONE OP THE UsADDylL FamHT. AU hoQeee vberein men have lived and died ' Are haunted faou&efi.; TbroBgh tbe open doors The harmless phantoms on their errands glide. With feet that make no sound upon the floor*. Tbe stranger at my fire* side cannot see The forme Z see, not hear the Bounds X hear ; He bnt perceivce what is ; while unto me All that has been is visible a&d; clear. The spirit- world aroosd this world of sense Floats like an atmosphere, asd everywhere W&fte; through these earthly mists, and vapours dense, A vital breath of more etner:&l; &i; r, Lqkgfbluw, CHAPTER L I It was the 24th o! December, and ae chill and bleak and dismal a I Christmas-eve ee you ever saw or imagined, A keen northeast \- ern wind swept cuttingly across tbe ample deserted sands of Grey | stone Bay, end wailed and moaned most eerily among tbe black I bent pine-trees that skirted the lower hills ; and the hills them* j sckee loomed up stem, gloomy, and dark against alow, sullen, 1 leaden sky. The rocks showed black and bare, the salt-pools sbivcred in the piercing gale, asd the steely sea-line glimmered ia ! the distance, cold, grey, and ghostlike. Very beautiful was Grey* stone in the pleasant spring and summer months and in the ripe mellow days of early autumn ; nor in the clear, bright winter-tide when the zenith was cloudless and deeply blue, and the moors and fells white with unstained dazzling enow, and the bay glitter ing and dawning in the brilliant but unconstant sunshine, was it aught but fair and charming. But on such a day as the one in question the loveliest spot cn earth would have looked bleak, drear, and uninviting. Bending down to make head against the wolfish blast, and well muffled In the folds of a large heavy Inverness cape, a fine stalwart young man of two-and- twenty or thereabouts was bravely fighting his way up the steep, rough, aod unsheltered road that led to the princip&l;, and indeed the only, iun of Grey stone* He reached it at last, almost breathless with the pro longed encounter with the freezing, blustering sea-wind, and very cozcy asd wans looked the comfortable quiet bar-parlour after the weary road and the grey, cheerless world? without. He &at; down and asked for luncheon, which speedily appeared ia tbe shape of spiced beef, hare-pie, excellent Cumberland ham, £ne znellow Cheshire cheese, and breads of various sorts. The table-cloth wae spotlessly clean, the viands temptingly disposed, tbe fire was ruddy and clear, the room already bright with hoUy and zniatletoe, and the comely hostess sitting in her cushioned armchair on the hearth, pussy singing at ber feet, and a grey worsted sock in process of manufacture in her ever-busy hands. Click, click west the knitting.needles ; clatter, clatter, went the knife and fork of the half-famished traveller; and the kettle on the hob— Mrs, Dawson liked a very early tea-- and pussy on the hearth were doing their best to ouUing each other. Presently the young man said, very quietly, as it he were asking an ordinary question, 11 Pray ma'am, can you tell me the way to bandeide Castle !' Good rosy Mrs, Dawson looked up inquisitively at the stranger —bis dress was 'plain, but his lace was handsome and very pleasant* and his lone, speech, and zaanser unmistakably pro claimed bis gentle breeding. Bhe stopped to pick up a stitch, before ehe replied, 'That's just according to the way you. take, sir-by the road, and crossing tbe bridge, H's a matter of eleven miles; over t' sands aod by the ferry, better than five: as the ctow flies, not more than three, they say,' ' Well 1 1 will go * over l' sands/ then, for I don't care for an extra furlong of road euch a day as this; and, unfortunately, being of another species, I am disqualified from going 'as the crow flies.' I wish I were not, Can you give me some idea as to how I must shape my course when 1 leave thia most comfort able bat hour.' ' Indeed, sirt it is sot an easy task when one does not know the country ; but I'll try. First of all, you go from here right down to tbe shore, then keep along t' sands, but not too far out ; for the creeks fill quicker than anybody would believe, when once tbe tide turns : then round Earnseat Head, and down the shore to Eamieat Village, then over t' sands again te the Ferry, fhen back again, as one might say, on t' other side sands, a mile or more, till you seem opposite Earsseat Head again, then the great 6b, and you'll see a path round it, and that yon must take, aod it will bring you to a ruined lodge, and you are in the grounds of Bandside Castle. That's one way, and the nearest ; but oo&'t try to 88V& time by fording the channel, as some do : it's not safe, even for them as is born and bred in these parts, because of the quicksande ; and keep the path over the marsh, for the soil is all quaky, and eome of the pools be deeper than they seem : and if you got In the swamp you might as well be in the quicksand* Them salumarsbes are uncommon treacherous, sir 1' ' Thank you ; I'll he sure to take care, I suppose I had better be tbere before dark ? ' 'Well, sir. I should say bo. But there's a half-moon, you know ; only tne night may turn out thick and heavy ; we shall have a downfall before morning ; It will be a white Christmas day, you'll eee, sir, ' So much the better: 1 like (he old-fashioned style of Christmas ; only your cold up here in the North seems of tbe coldest. Is fiandside Castle much of a plaoe!' 'Why, yes; we count it a grand eott of place; it's big enough to lose yourself in three times a day ; and I ought to know, for I Jived in it five- and- twenty years ago, before it was deserted by tbe family, 1 was liiss Preston's maid, sir— a sweet pretty creature the was, too. and as good as pretty* Often and often I've wished I knew what was become of her. You'll forgive my earing to, sir, but you've quite a look of her; I saw it the very minute you came in, ana my heart -warmed to you for that reason,' ' Ton have loEt sight or your mistress, then V 'Ah, yes, sir. years ago. H's a sad tale. Miss Preston was old Mr. Braddyll's ward, and ehe wae counted a great beauty, end had a great fortune, and of courne, she had no end of lovers j many of them wanted her, as was natural, for her own sake, and some of them wanted ber money ; but t' old squire, he meant her for his eldest s on, Mr* Reginald— itfr« BraddyJl tbat is now} and Mr, Reginald was one tbat knew how to woo a fair lady, 1 can tall you 1 And so it was settled, and they were engaged, and the wedding was fixed, and everything was just ready, when one fine morning, Ui£s Preston was missing, and eo was &ir.; Edward, Mr» Beginald's only brother. You may think what ^ commotion tbere was— the Squire cursing his own son, and Mr. Reginald like one stark mad : but nothing could be done, for they were ffinrned as fast a* toe laws of God aud man could make them, and there was no helpi Well, sir, the Qqoire, he ecnt for his lawvi zBt and made his will, cutting off his younger son with a ebilliog, acd leaving the estate so that, if ttr, Reginald dioi vitbfiut childrco, he might leave it as he liked, rather than let it gotoony cbild of Mr, £dvard, As for Mr. Reginald, he swore a frightful oath to be revenged on his brother ; aud he invoked drcaofol curses on him and bis to the third and fourth genera* iioD.' ?? The curse, caUBelesB, shall not comc,' said the young man, reverently, 11 No, sir, and I'm glad to think so ; for one fellow*creature has so right to cuwe another, not even his enemy, you know: and ss for cursing tho unborn, innocent children, I'm sure a&d; certain God would never countenance that.' Certainly so U Js tbat *1) thp 9torj V* *' 3 wish it were, *ir. But eomehow, Mr, Reginald got to know where hie brother and bis bride were, nnd he went to them. It was this very day, sir, a CbristmfiB*eve, 1 forget now how many years ago ; and he raved at his brother like one frantic ; and Mr, fcdwaro being a meek, easy soTt of man and knowing, too, what an aggravating thing he had dose in siesJieg, as one might say, his eldest brother's sweetheart away from him, didn't say much sgain: till at last Mr. Reginald, maa with fory, and all his love turned to hate, began to aav what 2 shouldn't like to repeat, abont Mrs. Edward, When he saw his brother's spirit was up, he taunted all the more, aod eaid things that no man oould take quietly. And he was ono of that sort, was Mr, Edward, that takes a world to rouse them, but is Just like an unohalned lion w hen once the eager begins ; and he struck his brother, and they fought, and Mr. Reginald was left for dead ; but he recovered, though his handsome looks were gone for ever, by reason of a wound right down his faoe. Mr, Edward was foroed to go to France, and they Jived there many a year, sometimes pretty cw fortabie, I fancy ; but oftener, I am afraid, without bread to eat They had many children, but what's become of them I don't know. Tben the old Squire died, and Mr. Reginald, hating Satdiide Castle, shut it op, end went away to foreign parts, 'While he was in Rome, no married the widow of an English officer; but be never brought her to England, and she died in three or four years, leaving aim no child, only a little girl by her first marriage, Miss Alice Redmaync ; and Mr, Braddyll took to her, and bred her np like hia own flesh and blood, ana they say he worships the very air ehe breathes; and sue is to oe his heiress; for tbe broken entail permits the £bat(iag out of Mr. Edward's children.' ' And where is Mr. Edward V' ' Indeed, sir, he is dead, He had many good qualities, but aot m&ch; strength of znicd ;and when he found that ne was never to be forgiven, end that everything be put his band to turned out unlucky, he grew despmte-like and he took, I'm told, to drink ing and gaming, and he lost all his wife's great fortune, and people said he was quite a wreck of himself in his later years. But, sir, excuse my asking, are you going to stay at Bandside ? I've been talking rather fast and free, but it's all true; and if I chose I could tell you mubh more.' 'I am going, I hope, to remain at Bandside. Iam engaged as eecrctary te Mr, Braddyll ; he is much devoted to literary and scientific pursuits, and bis eyes are falling bim. But you need not fear any indiscretion on my part. Indeed, I knew something of the story before.' *' And 1 suppose then, sir, you know that you are going to live in a haunted house ? You know Bandeide Castle hae a bad name ? The old 6quire killed somebody in a due] is his young days ; and in my time there were queer talcs afloat; but since the place has been abut up, there's been no end of ghott stories and though Mr. Braddyll tried to Jet the place, and offered it at a rent not worth naming, no one would take it. One gcctteman from Liverpool had a mind to try it for a year; but he thought twice about it, and said the whole place looked as if it was nnder a | curee» and he preferred leaving It alono.' ' And how long has Mr. Braddyll been at Bandside Castle f When did he return from Germany !' | i(Onlv three months ago, sir. 1 wonder how the young lady likes living in such a gloomy, eerie place. I shouldn't care to be mistress of & h&unted; house, even if it was a casUe* I hope you'll not be troubled, sir. ' ' I hope not ; 1 am not afraid of ghosts* And if there are any at Satidside, perhapB they may belaid. ' ' A h, eir, ' replied Mrs. Dawson, gravely, ' Pve heard of that ; the clergy can do it, I believe* Lay them in the Red fiea, aud it takes tbem six thousand yeara to come back again. ' «« Dear me I ' tald the traveller, ' what a place for apparitions the Red Sea must be 1 But 1 must be going, Mrs, Dawson ; remember, I have the quicksands to steer clear of, and the marsh to traverse ; and if— as that blue-black cloud promises— it ehould begin to snow— ' 41 1 wont keep you another second, sir; you ought to be off now . But I'm miiing this tumbler ot brandy»and-watcr for you to keep the cold out— Like a little lemon in it, sir?' 11 Thank yon, I never drink spirits; I have not tttted them for years : indeed, I scarcely know the taste of them at all, S'ou are very kind : hut you must excuBe me; ' 41 But it's Christmas-eve, air, and I alwayB present every trarellerwitb the 'stirrup-cup' at this time of the year. It.Von't hurt yoo, eir : it's not strong, and the cold outBide is getting worse and worse. It's freezing hard now. It will be dreadful after sundown.' But the young man wss not to be persuaded, and shaking hands with hiB kindly hostess, he went out folding his Inverness cape round his arms, and stepping along bravely, as if he meant to defy frost, enow, blast, and every other uncongenial attribute of the elements. fie soon found, however, that the way was longer than it seemed ; the sands were deceptive, and he was heartily tired of making head against the wild, cutting wind, before he doubled Eamscat Beau. Then tbe ehore, as the estuary narrowed, became rocky ; huge cliffs frowned on the wintry landscape : with a sullen roar the in-coming tide swept up the channel, and the waves had caught their hoe from tbe leaden sky, and were of an inky blackness, crested with white foam that looked almost spectral, as the traveller gazed upon it across the waste of wet eand— where he doubted not the terrible quioksandB might be found. He was voTy tired of scrambling over the sharp rocks, and if he took the margin of the sand he slipped over the slimy sea-weed which lay there in great abundance, and had to make the circuit of countless salt pools, and to leap sundry little creeks, : where a fake step would hare laid him prostrate in the treach- i erou6 mud. The village of Earn teat was only a email fishing- 1 station, and it smelt of nothing else but flounders and tar ; but a little wav further on was the ferry, and across the black, billowy . channel he mast go. Once or twice the little boat fairly spun ! round and round with the violence of the angry tide, but at length : he was safely landed on the opposite shore, aud was wending his way under tbe huge, dark, scarred cliffs he had eeen from the Earsscat side ct the estuary. I 'Here then is the marsh,' he eaid to himself, 11 Well, a more desolate region I never beheld !' And looking back over a vast reach of trackless sand* bounded by bare rocks, and dark fells, that seemed only a little less inky tbah the clouds and the foaming channel, 'This Bandside must be the uttermost parts of the , earth! I have only met the ferryman since 1 left Greystone village* There's not a beast, not even a sea-gull, to be seen ! , Talk of tbe deiert ! I don't believe Sahara is as desolate as this, 1 Now for the marsh !' Yes, it was a real marsh, partly drained, and turning into what the North Country people call 'a moss.' Large pools of stagnant water shone out among the reeds and the coarse era 66 frozen over of course, and looking weird and dismal in the fast-receding twilight. A sluggish stream meandered through tbe flat, over which the wind was wildly sweeping and wailing, and black pine woods skirted on the north the dismal swamp, which led to the south lodge of Bandside Castle. And presently, after following the coarse of the scream* which might have been an outlet of tbe Dead Sea for all the life that was in it, our traveller reached an avenue of pines, through which the wind was making grand organ-like music. This avenue extended for a furlong or more, and then came the ruined lodge of which Mrs, Dawson had spoken ; and by displacing a hurdle, which did duty for the misEing gate, he entered the castle precincts. Not that there waa any aign of a human habitation, for nothing was to he eeen save thick woods, overgrown terraces winding up a huge rock that commanded the estuary and the bay, and dark, moss grown walks, overshadowed with wild, unpruned trees. One of these the young man took at a venture, and, after making bis way over fallen, decayed branches, through a forest of huge straggling evergreens, he came suddenly to a turn in the path, and lo ! a sloping lawn— it might almost be called a steep bank wherein grew tbe grandest Portugal laurels and tbe tallest cypresses he had ever seen ! Beyond were formal screens of what had once been clipped yew and bom-beam, and a wide stretch of terraced garden and wooded lawn ; bat ail was desolate and ne glected ; the ruins of by-gone grandeur, the relics of well cultivated beauty. At the bottom of the steep lawn stood the house, not much like a castle, certainly, but vast, rambling, and having the air of a house with a story belonging to it. It looked like— ' A residence for woman, child, or man, A dwelling place— and yet no habitation ; A house— but under eome prodigious ban Of excommunication I' ' And this is Bandside Castle 1' eaid the young man to himself ; 11 tbe place I have pictured to myself ever since 1 was a tiny child, Ah 1 it looked not like this in other days, before the sin a&d; sorrow of its inmates had cast a shadow over their ancestral home. It looks like a haunted house; and haunted it is, though not* perhaps, as Mrs, Dawson believes it : there are spirits, and evil epirits, fluttering through those chambers; and every hearth and every 6cene must be haunted by memories of past time. If seme of the chimneys were not emoking, it would be altogether a ghostly-looking place ; but supernatural visitants would not keep up tbe kitchen fire, or create the savoury odour that I begiu to perceive.' Bv this time he had reached the entrance; he rang, after a tussle with the stiff handle and rusty wires, and wondered at tbe noife he made, Presently an old servant came to the door, and ushered him into a room on tbe left, at the farther end of the wide gloomy hall ; he was evidently expected, hut the man, as a matter of form, demanded hiB name. 'Tell Mr* Braddyll that John Herbert is come,' was the young man's reply. The old ecrving-man bowed and disappeared, but quickly returned, saying that Mr, Braddyll was particularly engaged, and he would show Mr. Herbert his room, fer the dinner-bell would ring erelong. ' Your luggage has arrived, sir,' he continued; ' it came by the carrier an hour since, and ne brought word you were on your way from Lunechester.' * John Herbert followed his guide across the dim hall, up the wide echoing stain, and through many passages, till be came to the chamber prepared for him* There was a cheerful fire, and the room eeemt d waim and comfortable, though there was an ali-pcrvading atmosphere of gloom and ghostlines6 which the bright flame could not dissipate. The bed was rather like a hearse, and gave John Herbert an idea that it might have been designed by a eentimental undertaker, asd executed by a lugubrious cabinetmaker ; the cabinets looked aa if they must contain scores of mysterious documents; and a large carved chest, tbat ought to have concealed nothing less awful than a skeleton, so much excited John's curiosity that he lifted the Ud and peeped in, and found, to his relief, not any ghastly remains of mortality, but a relay of blankets, a clean counterpane, and eomebody'e bootjack* Bis toilet was soon made, and he was ready to go down-etairs ; but the bell did not ring, and John hoped the dinner was not being cooked by phantom eooks, in unsubstantial pots andkettles, by the delusion of a fire* Presently some one tapped at the door, and he started ; for the dead eilence of the place gave singular effect to the slighteat and most ordinary sound, it waa, however, one tap, and ghosts always give tine: so Johneoolly opened the door, and found the servant whom he had before seen waiting to escort him to the drawing-room* He wondered* as he followed the old man, whether he would ever be able to find bis way about the great rambling old house, with ita bewildering corridors and passages, and its many doors ; and while be was thuB cogitating old Greon opened the drawitig*room door, aud announced ' Mr, John Herbert,' John Herbert straightway fonnd himself is a room that might have served for the parish church, it was et» lofty and spacious, and wore so solemn and antique an air. The furniture was grand and mas&ive;, but belonged to a day long since faded into oblivion ; there were embroided chairs and cushions, and a tapestry screen 'the work, doubtless, of some fair maids or matrons of the stately house of Braddyll, whose skilful fingers long ago had mingled with the dust— and there were pictures on the panelled walli, draws bv some masterly sitist ofa century past, but dim now and tarnished, and pale of hue. The room seemed empty, and John *as advancing towards the noble fire, when a little dog jumped up and barked, and a silvery voice said, MHush# hush/ Chsrley !— down, tirf' John Herbert looked, and to, a deep window recces, the size of a small room, containing a lady's work-table, and on it pretty, fanciful writing implements, a crochet-case, asd divers articles which belonged to tbe ntlddle «I the nineteenth century. There wsb aUo a charming little rocking-chair, a velvet footstool, books in gay binding*, and the Christmas number of the Jllvttrntfd ZondonJVeu'g, Andes the young man looked there come to mcit him a fairy littlo creature, whom be hardly knew how lo accott, so uncertain wbb be whether sbe were child or wcniBii, His difficulty, bowtver, was soon removed, for in the single- 1 Btvie, and fn the sweetest tone, and yet with an accent eligbtly foreign, sbe said, 11 1 am Alice Redmayne, 1 mppose you are Mr. Herbert ; I am Borry papa la detained,' So then here was tbe youthful mistress of the grim, han&ted; pife of the Braddylls; In five minutes John found himeclf conversing with Mis? Redmaym- as pleasantly and ns freely as if he had knows her all his life. Sbe waa not exootty pretty; but the bad a fair face of her own, soft shadowy grey eye*, a thoughtful. Innocent month, an expression ofpmect candour, and loug, light brown curia that fell around her like a veil. JVf «Tt)y she Mid, 'Thl* ie my first Christmas in England. Mr. Herbert, for sixteen years. I was four when I went abroad, and I am twenty now ; we came back in the autumn, I have always thought so muoh about Chri^mas-timc: mamma was so afraid I should grow np an m-Efaglfeb woman,' ' Do you like Bandside 1' ?' I dtn't know; I liked it before the winter set in; it ia really very beautlfel, though it looks eo dreary new; but even tbe tun wujd sot make ibic botue look bright and the trial You fbonld have beard the wind shrieking round » u , ' 'wi Mr! n-rbm ktC1' will yo!J ?' WUIlnily, If I CUB. In the flr6t place, voti tru.ai ,..i* ' beef ani nlumTuadinr, and mince-plea, for dinner ?- Cr ro»tt ' 0, 1 do not mean that,' she aala a llltlo ImDaiienttc - I know lt 1b uaual to haw a great dtal of oompuii iS ,?! ' and tohave dancing and bsbIo and mirth ? bnt r ™ aouie, tbat, and 1 do not care about It j but 1 want to kwi «Snot arfgbteplrit.' P ^'Unaa Jobs Herbert looked Interested; thia was »nt »i .. expected, but ho waa greatly pleased. 'athetnj ' I thick,' be eeld, ' tbe right aplrlt niiat be tbe ,.u , and prafee and tbankBglvlng.1' 8™1 of joy 'to.,' ehe replied, reverently, ' tbnnkfitlvlni. tm Hetalngt that oame to na on the flnt Chriatmai moralnVH? ?with the angels wonld eomo again and alog - Glorv 1 t highest, and on earth peace and frond will towards men.' 111 tha 'No need for tuigele to elng it,' be replied, briehtlv ? ' . tbonsandaof God's people stag that eong In all lnrH. * ct every tongue. And wbe knows!— perhaps they who h.!*1''® with timcB and eeasona dug it with us still, before the Krone ' Ah, perbapa they de. Why »ot!'ahe anawered jj Tben pcrhspa aj own dear mother remembers the Chrit2l ?' And mtnealBO,' lie did, gently ; ' my mother is-' ' Bhe la dead,' said Alue, with deep a;mpatby. ' Yea, as being dead Is comment? regarded, bnt ' He who in God Uvea, llreth evermore.' ' Her eyes sparkled, and the childish features glowed viti, j feeling. The fullest chorda of her natnrc were attack, iriik8!1 anskiUal or unkindly hand; bnt ere abc oould aoswer « r?° oonld Bnd worda to esprcea what she felt, the door o-»n«J'h! the Eqnlro entered the room. (To be ctmchuleA in ottr next.) 