NEWS AND NOTES. While no one will dispute the fairness of the baker regulating the price of his loaf by what he pays for his flour, it seems to us that the master bakers of Ballarat have within the last few days assumed a tyrannising spirit over their customers, to which the latter are not likely to submit, and a disposition to enhance charges for their product which the present state of the flour market does not justify. As the bakers do not make their deliberations public, we are at a loss to know upon what grounds they have felt themselves justified in making an advance of two pence per four pound loaf upon the shilling for- merly announced as a necessarily enhanced rate, and generally submitted to by the public. It is well known that the sudden increase in the price of flour in the various markets is not really sustainable. It has, in fact, already felt the reaction consequent upon the introduction of large parcels from Adelaide winch without discrimination as to brand, have been bought up at rates for holding, which their varied qualities will not suffer to prove so remunerative as was expected, to say nothing for the depressing in- fluence of expected large arrivals from American ports. The best judges of the flour market at the present moment are agreed that prices have unduly been raised to a height which cannot long be sus- tained, even for the very best samples, and that it is preposterous when the turning point is readily discernable and an enhanced price has already been laid on the four-pound loaf, to talk of adding to that shilling one-sixth more. The statement made in our advertising columns in yesterday's issue, that the bakers of Ballarat had resolved until further notice to charge one shilling and twopence per four- pound loaf is one that will come home to all large consumers of bread with startling force, particularly when it may be found that an exorbitant rate is wedded to equivocal weight and inferior quality, and is no less than three pence per loaf higher than the highest Melbourne rate. Several meetings of the trade have, as here, been held in Melbourne, with the view of raising the price of bread owing to the high quota- tions ruling in the flour market, but at a gathering which took place on Saturday last, at which Coun- cillor Weedow presided, it was unanimously agreed that as the price of flour for the last ten days had been easier, the cost of the four pound loaf should be reduced to elevenpence. As at the meeting, master bakers mainly were present, it must be admitted that the question of full and light weight was discussed with fairness, and that it was, without exception, al- lowed by them that their customers were justly entitled to have two or four pounds weight, as the case might be, and that they would be perfectly willing to have all bread sold at their respective establishments subjected to the ordeal of scales and weights. But it was stated that the present outcry against light weight and high rate had mainly arisen from un- principled dealers, who were not more averse to de- frauding their customers than to underselling their fellow-tradesmen. Bread, during the past week, we learn, was sold in the metropolis at prices varying from eightpence-halfpenny to one shilling per four pound loaf, but the loaves sold at the cheaper rates were disproportionately reduced in weight -one purchased loaf being mentioned, instead of weighing four pounds, fell short of that by a full quarter. The various persons constituting the meet- ing referred to were unanimous in advocating the desirability of such abuses being obviated by the ap- pointment of recognised officials, whose duty it should be to inspect the establishments of master bakers and report upon delinquencies. From such a course it was reasonably inferred that the public would in the majority of instances be fully protected, while the fair-dealing tradesman would find himself as effectually rid of unscrupulous competition. The meeting ultimately resolved upon appoint- ing a deputation from the master bakers to wait on the proper authorities, with a view to having the provisions of the Act for regulating the sale and weighing of bread carried out and enforced. As we have already said, the bakers of Melbourne, on Monday, agreed to reduce the price of the four pound loaf by one penny, and we now call upon the master tradesmen of Ballarat, in common justice, to adhere to their earlier figure of one shilling until less extravagant rates for flour enable them to reduce it still more. As we no doubt have amongst us, as in Melbourne, unscrupulous tradesmen, the fair dealers shall have our support in endeavoring to carry out provisions that shall make honesty to be the better policy. Our Councils onght to be the conservators of public safety, health, and convenience, in many ways in which they daily prove themselves lament- ably deficient in a proper understanding either of the dignity or importance of their function. While not invested with the sumptuousness and power of ancient corporations, our modern councils seem at the same time to have abandoned the obligation of exercising that careful regard for public health and morale-that demand for just weights and measures, rightful dealings and thoroughly trusty commodities, which were among the best characteristics of borough functionaries in these days, and are certainly not less necessary to be looked after in these. While we are constrained to admit that the Adulteration of Food Act is all but a dead letter in conse- quence of a general indisposition on the part of the private citizen to expose himself to the annoyance of putting himself in the position of a public prosecutor, it is not to be supposed that scheming traders are to have it all their own way because Borough Councils have a mind to assume honors and leave things undone, as perchance they might now and then be placed in a somewhat invid- ious position by a proper discharge of their func- tions. We wish to see the health-officers and borough inspectors, under various acts framed for the good conduct of urban populations, set to work to make up for all these deficiencies, and if at pre- sent they be inadequately paid, the public will not be unwilling to have essential duties, while properly performed, worthily remunerated. The District Police Court business on Easter Tuesday was very short. Mr W. C. Smith sat, and remanded Joseph Clements, till Saturday, on a charge of lunacy, and fined William Makenzie for drunkenness, and the court then adjourned. The stewards of the Miners Races are expected to meet this evening at Cherry's Victoria Hotel to de- cide on the programme for the races. The master butchers of Ballarat are invited to a meeting at the Stag Hotel this evening, but for what purpose our advertising columns do not say. A general meeting of the Early Closing Associa- tion will be held this evening at the Camp Hotel, for the purpose of considering what steps should be taken to secure the earlier closing of shops on Satur- day. One subject of debate will be whether the hour of nine or ten should be advocated, many persons holding that the work necessary to be done for ob- taining the later would be sufficient to obtain the earlier hour. Some good sports "came off" on the Bungaree Racecourse on Easter Monday. The first was a private match between Mr James Giles's Jim and Mr D. Young's Tiny, for £10 a-side, one mile heats. Mr Young's horse came in first, but on being mea- sured was found to be over fourteen hands in height, and disqualified accordingly. The race was decided in favor of Mr Giles's Jim, his horse being under fourteen hands. The second event was a hack race, valued at £5, entrance 10s, with sweepstakes added. Five horses entered, namely, Mr D. Young's Nelly Gray, Mr Richard James's Venus, Mr Hogg's Lucy Long, Mr George Hill's Polly, and Mr T. O. Donald's Maid of the Mount. Both heats were cleverly won by Nelly Gray. The third event was a hack race, valued at £2 10s, entrance 10s, with sweepstakes added. Three horses were entered, namely, Mr Welch's Darkie, Mr Richard James's Venus, and Mr Greaves' Lucy Long. The result was that Mr Welch's Darkie came in an easy winner by several lengths. Several other sports of an interesting nature were held, including foot racing, jumping putting the heavy stone, &c.; At the Creswick Police Court on Tuesday, Ah Chee was brought up before the Mayor, charged with having defrauded David Luttil, of Bloody Gully, by selling him a quantity of spurious gold. Sergeant Archibald conducted the prosecution, and Mr Burton appeared for the prisoner. David Luttil deposed that he was a storekeeper at Bloody Gully, and had known the prisoner for three years, during which time he had frequently purchased gold from him. On Tuesday, 22nd inst, the prisoner came to the store and offered for sale a parcel of what he stated to be gold. Witness weighed it and found it to contain 1 oz 7 dwt 12 gr, the value of which if gold would have been £5 10s 3d. Witness paid the pri- soner 10s 3d in cash, and gave him an IOU for the balance, £5; but becoming suspicious as to the qua- lity of the material, he took it to Mr Janssen, in Creswick. While there, Mr Cholmley, the manager of the Bank of Australasia, came in, and both gen- tlemen, after examining the parcel, said they be- lieved it to be spurious. Witness returned home and saw the prisoner, who asked for the balance due to him. The former told him it should be paid on Saturday, but as he seemed unwilling to wait, gave him £2 (making altogether £2 10s 3d which he had paid him for the gold) and an IOU for £3. The prisoner came again on Saturday, when witness told him to call again. Saw the IOU on Sunday, in the hands of Ah Que, of the Black Lead, who asked witness if it was written by him, and on witness acknowledging that such was the case, Ah Que said he would summon him for the amount if he did not pay it. Witness kept the metal bought from the prisoner till Monday, when he handed it to Constable O'Neil. The metal had never been out of his sight till then. He had been informed that the value of the metal sold to him by the prisoner was, £1. Cross-examined by Mr Barton-Could not say if he told Ah Que that if the money paid for the gold was refunded he would not prosecute, but believed had such been done he would not have lost his time in appearing against the prisoner. Mr Janssen and wit- ness were both experienced gold buyers. Witness had bought gold for Mr Janssen. Paid the prisoner £2 after being told by Mr Janssen and Mr Cholmley that the article was spurious, but did it in order to prevent suspicion being excited in any of the rest of the clique, whom he expected to call on him during the Saturday with more of the spu- rious article. Constable O'Neil deposed to having arrested the prisoner on Monday, at Luttit's store, on the present charge, and receiving from Mr Lut- tit a parcel containing the metal now produced. It had never since been out of his sight. Had the article weighed at Mr Janssen's store. It weighed 1 oz 7 dwt 10 gr. Mr Janssen tested it, and pronounced it to be spurious gold. Witness applied for the prisoner to be remanded until the article was pro- perly tested. Mr Burton opposed the remand, and contended that the prosecutor having paid the pri- soner £2 after being informed that the metal sold him was not gold, condoned the affair. The prosecutor had done the act with his eyes open and consequently had not been defrauded. His Worship was of opinion that as everything should be done to prevent the sale of spurious gold, and the prisoner would not sustain any positive injury by the case being remanded, it would be judicious to do so, and therefore remanded the prisoner till Tues- day next. Bail to be allowed the prisoner, self in £50, and two sureties in £25 each. Our local cor- respondent remarks-It is time some of the Chinese who are in the habit of manufacturing and vending spurious gold were punished, as attempts are being continually made to sell the article, and no doubt often succeed with storekeepers in the outlying por- tions of the district. The volunteer encampment of 1864 is concluded, and the baggage and tents will be removed to-day. It has been a brilliant success, and that all-important desideratum, good weather, has tended considerably to bring about this result, which is also in a great measure due to the excellence of the arrangements, both as to provisioning, housing, and drilling the men. They have all apparently been highly pleased with their brief campaign in the valley of Sunbury, and there is no doubt that they will long entertain a pleasing recollection of the place, and be happy to meet there again, perhaps, in another year, to cele- brate the encampment of 1865, which it is to be hoped will give as much general satisfaction as that which has just now been concluded. It may be stated that the sham fight expected to take place on Tuesday did not come off, owing probably to the depar- ture of so many of the volunteers to their homes at an early hour that morning. The Tullaroop Annual Races commenced on Monday on the Carisbrook Racecourse. About 1200 persons are estimated to have been present. The Maiden Plate was won by Mr J. King's h g Carraghmore, Mr Vowles' b g I'm Afloat being second. The Moss Bose Challenge Cup was appro- priated by Mr A. Chalk's br g Sweep, that being the only starter for the race. The Tullaroop Han- dicap was won by Mr R. Sevior's b g Mustang, Mr W. C. Yuille's Glenyuille being second. The Majorca Stakes were won by Mr F. Dowling's ch g Falcon, and the Hurry Scurry by I'm Afloat. A protest was entered against Mustang on the ground that the horse did not pass the judge's box, but was disallowed. The election of two members of the Borough Council of Daylesford took place on Monday, and resulted in the return of Messrs Trimble and Hodge. In our report of the volunteer review at Sunbury on Monday, it is stated that the Ballarat Rangers and the Creswick, Bendigo, and Castlemaine Rifles, were formed into two battalions and commanded by Lieutenant-Colonels Wallace and Bull. These corps, however, formed only one battalion, and were com- manded by Lieutenant-Colonel Bull alone, Lieu- tenant-Colonel Wallace not being present. The mistake occurred through our reporter being in- formed on the ground that Colonel Wallace was present, and as he saw no reason why it should not be the case, especially upon such an occasion, the statement was accordingly taken as correct. "Susan Hopley" and the " cloud phantoms" were repeated at the Charlie Napier Theatre last evening, but before a very small house. The "ghosts" are evidently the grand attraction of the melodrama, for when those very palpable things are produced there is a rush, and even short pipes and audible conversa- tion are at a discount in the pit while the sensational business is going on. We have been informed that we are among those whom Professor Perring has deceived, or we should not have said the "ghosts" were mere tableaux vivants. Be it so. We will admit, if the Professor wishes it, that what we saw was not the bodily presence of anything, but only a reflec- tion. But this does not help the matter as a "ghost" production. The Pepper ghost is really an illusion, for it is apparently insubstantial. As a phantom it gradually dawns upon the vision, and as a phantom it as gradually dissolves into airy or cloudy nothing. But the Perring ghost is a more honest ghost. It is, indeed, a most ingenious as well as most honest ghost, and proves too much. The ars celare artem is both present and absent so far as the uninitiated are concerned. What the eye sees is either a pure group of actual persons or the group seen as in a mirror, in full relief, palpable, and cast- ing shadows, instead of being shadows. As a reflec- tion, and so far an illusion as to the locus, it is clever, but as a "ghost "it is an absolute failure; because the most conscientious disposition to be deceived fails to create a ghostly illusion, so inartistic is the reflection, or so absolute and palpable is the tableau. The cutting at the "ghost" with the sword, or the rushing of the murderer at the "ghost" also fails to help the matter. In either case the tableau still stands out, and the sword or the murderer goes be- hind, not through. As an optical trick the reflec- tion is, as we have said, clever, but it is only a tableau vivant. The following telegram is from the Argus:- "Sydney, Monday.-We have Auckland news to the 17th inst. A slip of the Southern Cross of that date contains a report of a skirmish with the rebels at Kaitake. The 57th and some of the Royal Ar- tillery-about 100 in all-advanced on a pa at Kai- take, beyond Oakum Redoubt (Taranaki), for the purpose of shelling the enemy. The firing was re- turned by a heavy cross fire from three different di- rections, about 200 natives being engaged. The troops retired in skirmishing order. Killed- Private Kennedy, of the 57th Regiment. Wounded-Lieut. Larcon, R.A., severely in the right shoulder; Pri- vates William Henry, Matthew Stagpool, and Jas. Adley, severely; and John Chamberlain and Charles Keale, slightly. They are all of the 57th. The na- tive loss is unknown. Many rebel natives recently engaged in the war have returned to Waiuku (Tara- naki?), and given up their arms and taken the oath of allegiance. Government has purchased the stea- mer Prince Alfred for £4000, chiefly for the ma- chinery, which is to be placed in a boat to be built on the Waikato. The offer was made originally for the Sturt, but an Auckland firm bid higher for that vessel. 