CLEVELAND REGATTA. A meeting of the Cleveland Regatta Committee was held at Mr. Braysher's Metropolitan Hotel, on Saturday evening, to receive the entrances for the regatta. A good deal of interest was shown by the proprietors of boats, and early in the evening the whole of the programme was filed. In all, there are not less than sixteen vessels entered ; and fot the yacht race the well-known boat the Kate and the Whirlwind are pitted against the new boat Gleam, built by Mr. Monk, of South Brisbane, for the Amateur Boat Club. The sailing qualities of the Gleam are, of course, untried, but by competent authorities pronounced to have the appearance of a pwerful boat, and it is thought that she will prove no mean antagonist even for such well-known clippers as the Kate and Whirlwind. For the Lighter Race there are eight entries, including some of the smartest sailers on the river. There are four entries for the Open Boat Race, and a spirited contest is expected. The entrances are as follows :— FIRST RACE.—For all open boats. Course— From flag ship off Cleveland jetty, round a boat off Hope's, thence round a boat off Cassim's, and back to the flag ship. Prize, sweepstakes of £1 10s., with £15 added ; second prize, £1 10s. 1. Wanderer, white and blue, E. Price. 2. Petrel, Blue with white cross, Amateur Boat Club. 3. Flamingo, red, Dodds. 4. Star, white with red star, W. D. White. SECOND RACE.—For all yachts, or first-class sailing boats. Course same as first race. Prize, sweepstakes of £3, with £20 added ; second prize, £3. 1. Frolie, white with red cross, F. E. Bigge. 2. Gleam, blue and white, Victoria Cross, Amateur Boat Club. 3. Whirlwind, red flag, with white star and crescent, F. F. Campbell. 4\. Kate, black, E. B. Forrest. THIRD RACE.—For all craft trading in or about the Bay, including coral boats, lighters, &c.; Time for tonnage, half a minute per ton. Course same as first race. Prize, sweepstakes of £2, with £20 added: second prize, £6. 1\. Wild Wave, red, G. Harris. 2. Perseverance, white, G. Harris. 3. Dauntless, black, G. Harris. 4. Hamlet's Ghost, yellow, G. Harris. 5\. John Weatherstone, white flag, with black ball, Louttit. 6. Ann, St. George's Cross, Parker. 7. Coral Queen, blue and white, E. Price. 8\. Exchange, blue, G. Harris. There was little or no betting; but the Kate was backed against the field even for £50 or £100, or for the same amount at reasonable odds against any boat. The offer was not taken up. With regard to the arrangements for the day, we learn that the committee have chartered the Settler, s., as flag-ship. She will leave Brisbane in the morning with the committee and will return immediately after the termination of the regatta, reaching town at an early hour in the evening. It is the intention of the committee to issue tickets to the flag-ship for the trip to non-subscribers at a reasonable price, and to land visitors at Cleveland, if desired, free of expense. Two other steamers, the Lady Young and the Ipswich, are also announced to make a trip to the regatta, and will doubtless receive a fair share of patronage. 