CURRENT TOPICS. We Lave as yet received no intelligence of the overdue English mail, but our South Australian telegram gives us some reason to hope that the missing steamer ■will arrive to-day. it appears that Captain Paine, of the South Australian, when about 70 miles S.E. of Cape Wil loughby observed the lights of a large steamer which was steaming for Mel bourne, and if this was not the Bombay we are at a loss to conjecture what other vessel it could bave been. We would remind certificate holders that to-morrow is the last day on which certificates can be lodged at the Board of Land and Works. The Indented Heads annual ploughing match will be held this day on Mr McAndrews* Green Vale farm, near the old Bellerine milL This match is gene rally looked upon as being one of the most important of any held in the western district. The value of the prizes offered for . competition this year is LoO. There are to.be five matches for men and boys, and we have no doubt but that the at tendance will be very numerous.. The manager of the Advance Geelong Gold Mining Company has favored us with a view, of a stratum broken from the bore of the company at a depth of fifty eight feet.. It is a kind of sandy black clay, and is, the manager informs us, a favorable indication. A great deal of burnt quartz has been encountered in the boring. The ceremony of striking the first blpw with the lever is to he held this day. Cabs are to be in waiting in the Market-square, and the public are invited to attend. The company have deter mined that it shall be a red letter day in the annals of Chilwell. Elags of all nations are to float in the breeze. Our local brewers havo]supplied XXX ad libitum; and any quantity of champagne is to be quaffed to the success of the undertaking. We are also informed that several of the schools have been granted a half holiday to enable them to join in the festivities. We notice by advertisement that a charity sermon,-ift ajd of the funds of the Catholic Orphanage, will be preached on Sunday morning next, by that well known and popular preacher the Very1 Kevd. Dean Hayes, D.D. His appeal in ! such a good cause will, we feel assured, be liberally responded to. The following are the' names of the gentlemen who have been elected as mem bers of the Geelong Pacing Club Com mittee, a meeting of which is to be held on Monday next, viz :-=-Me.ssrs J. Haimes, F. Griffiths, P. Matthews, E. H. Cole, P. McDonald, T. Maidment, T. Austin, G. S. Morrow, W. S. Howell, J. Holmes, H. It. Gosling, and JJ. Kelsall. As business of importance is to be discussed, it is to be hoped that every gentleman will make it a point to attend, ...The General Sessions were commenced at the Supreme Court yesterday, and the whole of the calendar was got through before five o'clock. In two cases of rescuing cattle, the defendants were fined Jj20 and LlO respectively, and two well known offenders were sentenced to five and two years' imprisonment with hard labor. This is the Jast occasion on which ajury will haye to waste time in dealing with paltry cases of rescuing cattle. . In future the magistrates at the Police Court are to have full power to decide; The only case at tbe_ Central Police Court yesterday was a claim for £p : for work and labor done. The case was ad journed for a fortnight in order that the defendant, who is a medium, might "be commuuicated with. The defendant, it appeared, had gono on a roving commis sion, and according to his wife was not likely to be heard of for six weeks. He had taken all his money with him to buy territory, and left his wife aud family with nothing at all. An interpreter said the wife did pot fcnow whether her bus band was a " dummy or a ghost," but lie had gone to " Camperdown," and would return, but not for a long time. - It is to be feared that the amateur dra matic performance announced to be given by members of the Volunteer Artillery will have to be postponed. A letter was received yesterday morning from Mr Middleton, a Melbourne - gentleman who was to have taken a most important part, stating that he was very unwell and would be unable to attend. Mr Bunce informs us that one out of the two missing geese from Rockhampton presented by Mr Noble, was kindly brought to the Gardens by Mr Beamish, of Mount Beamish, Point Henry, to where it had wandered from the Gardens a dis- tance of four miles. It is to be hoped that the other one still missing may be discovered by as kind a friend to the Gardens as Mr Beamish. The Gardens are also highly indebted to Mr J. M. Anderson, of Malop-street, for two young tame mountain ducks which that gentle- man had kindly brought down in a cage in his buggy some distance beyond Camper- down ; and the Acclimatisation Society's branch at Geelong are indebted to Captain Woolley for a ring dove, and such dona- tions are as creditable to the donors as they are of value to the establishment that receives them. It is a curious fact, that the water side' from the Custom House to the Harbor Master's Office, seems in a fair way for becoming a rabbit-warren. How they •were "acclimatized" there, none seem to know: but their visits to the garden in the Customs reserve are so frequent and so.destructiver a8 .to discourage'farther" attempts at cultivation for the present. Shelteris found under the piles of timber, the heaps of stone ^ballast, and possibly beneath the Guaging Shed and other buildings under the bluff. They are not escaped' tame rabbits, but the genuine iieid sort; and when a stray one has been occasionally caught, the condition was as good as the flavor was appetizing. A theft of rather an out-of-the-way nature was accomplished on Monday, in a right-of way off Kilgour-street. A hot dinner was prepared and served up, await ing the arrival of the liege lord. The wife " popped out" to call in a neighbor, and absented herself some five minutes, and when she returned she found, much to her chagrin, that the dinner, dishes, aud all the accompaniments, including the table-cloth, had disappeared; and to the present time no clue has been obtained to the_ impudent robbery. In the same vicinity, several petty thefts are reported. The Board of Agriculture met, in Mel bourne, yesterday, Dr Macadam appeared for the first time after his serious illness. The question as to holding the next national show of the society in con junction with the Bendigo Society's Spring Show, was ordered to stand over till tlic annual general meeting of the board. Apropos of a letter from, the Chief Secretary, a debate took place as to which bank should be employed by the ] board. The final disposal of the question was however postponed. The chairman of ! the Colac society haviug lost a cheque for ; L34 17s Gd, it was agreed that another should be forwarded. A letter was read from the Geelong Agricultural Society stating that wheat purchased from South Australian growers had beeu sent to England, where it had been sown with English samples, and the Australian wheat had all proved rusty, while the Euglish was free from rust. Mr Mackenzie said his experience was certainly against the Adelaide wheat. It seemed to contain some inherent defect. The rest of the business was devoid of general interest. A deputation from Creswick waited on the Minister of Mines yesterday to ask i for a loan of L50,000 lor water supplypur poses. The kon minister replied that the matter should receive consideration. Another deputation from Castlemaiiie waited on the Commissioner of -Lands with reference to the abuses growing up under the 42nd clause of the Land Act. Mr Grant said a board would be sent up to each locality. At the Melbourne Criminal Sessions yesterday, two men named Bryant and Sullivan, convicted of three offences, one of burglary and two of receiving, were sentenced respectively to four and five years hard labor. The man Brady who, at Brighton, under great provocation fired into a crowd of boys and wonuded one, was sentenced to ten days' imprison ment. Authorised agents from Hew Zealand are making enquiries after a young gentle man whose parents reside in Geelong and who volunteered his services in a military capacity to the government of New Zea land. He was allowed to proceed to Auckland on furlough, whence he shipped to Victoria, and is now likely to be appre hended as a deserter. Oar Meredith correspondent informs us that a good day's sport may now be obtained in that neighbourhood, owing to the numbers of large brown quail which have established themselves there. Hardly a day passes but that some knigbts of tbe trigger are out in tho field, and they seldom or never return home dis appointed." Any sportsman, therefore, wishing for a little relaxation can goby first train to Meredith, fill his game bag, and return by tbe evening train. Ivan garoo also abound, Another page has been added to the history of Australian exploration. A party of enterprising young men started from "Rockhampton about the month of July in last year, and after collecting cattle in tbe northern districts of Queens land made a final start from the remotest out station in the Upper Burdekin dis trict in the month of October, their ulti mate destination being the new settlement formed by the Queensland Government at the northernmost point of Cape York, in: Torres Straits. After leaving the settled districts they will have made for the country lying east of Burke and Wilis' farthest, and must have beeu at no great distance from the spot reached by those explorers. From thence they had to make their way northward, partly along the eastern shores of the Gulf of Oarpen- ; taria, and thence across the backbone of I the peninsula to its north-eastern coast, i ( probably cutting one" of Leickliardt's I tracks, and Kennedy's also, in the journey, i The party were well equipped for their arduous journey. There were half-a-dozcn young men, all good bnshmen, with five mounted blackfellows, and upwards of thirty pack-horses. Each man carried a breech-loading rifle, and they took au abundance of ammunition. Their inten tion was to take 500 head of cattle, but they were only able to muster less th-in half that number. Their arrival at Port Albany has been looked for with great anxiety, and we have just learned, by eje.ctric telegraph that HALS. Sala mander has brought intelligence of their having safely reached that settlement. The country they have traversed was known to be peopled by powerful tribes of blceks, and it is not atall improbable that they may have met with some of that distinct and peculiar race of the natives of those regions, wh.o form an exception to all other known branches of the human family, in that they are destitute of hair on the head or any part of the body, . At all events, we may look for some interest ing particulars of the country and its in habitants. There is one unfortunate fact revealed by tho telegram, namely, that the poison plant, that bane of north western Australia, is also to be found in tlic .Gape York peninsula, ten of the horses having died in pne day through eating it. - The' latter misfortune com pelled the young men to traverse ;tbe last three hundred miles of their journey on foot. A very remarkable fact is also noted, that is, that while the drought appears to have prevailed pyer'all the rest of the Australian continent, the north- eastern triangle had a superabund ance of wet. The exploring party com- I prised two sons of Mr Jardyne, late police 1 magistrate at Rockhampton (one of whom J 'ww in command, and. is reputed, he a crack shot and one of the best bushtneu in the country), and four others, one being a surveyor sent by the Government, another is a son of a well known resident of St. KUda. v A case of grievous hardship, says the Argus, arising out of the land selections, has been reported tons. A Mr Edington has a run in the Warrnambool district, entirely open for selection. Depending on the promise of the Ministry made in the House, that where any case of hard ship could be pointed out a portion would be withdrawn, lie telegraphed to ascertain why such a course hacl not been adopted with bis run ; and pressure being brought to bear on the hon. the Commissioner of Lands, instructions were telegraphed to withdraw 4,000 aud afterwards 2,000 acres. This .was complied with, hut it was'found next morning tliat the land so withdrawn was by mistake from the wrong run ; meantime, the selections go on, and Mr Edington is loft with only 650 acres purchased land on which to graze 18,000 sheep. Dr Mueller has sent the following to the Argus :—" The ladies of the Leichhardt Search Committee have entered into final arrangements with Mr M'Intyre for the organisation of the party which is to follow the vestiges of the missing ex plorer. Mr M'Intyre will thus be enabled to leave the Darling Eiver at the end of next month, by which time thecaravan of dromedaries and horses, "with its equip ments, will have been collected on the Darling. Dr T. Murray, who proved so efficient an officer in Mr Howitt's party, joins the expedition_as surgeon. Xkejlm tails'oft-hc arrangement for the enterprise are left to the discretion of the leader, hut full information thereon will be fur nished to-the Ladies' Committee. The outfit of the party will be such that it can maintain the field, if necessary, for two years. Two or three aborigines will accompany the expedition, in: order that the search and the interrogation of the native tribes may be carried on with the greatest prospect of success. It is needless to observe that the strength of the party must, to some extent, be dependent on the means at command. It will, however, consist of not less than eight individuals. Now, while active measures for the cuter prise have actually been adopted, the ladies trust that all who feel impelled to support their expedition wiLL forward without delay their contributions to the committee.1' • 