MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. ASTLEY, the Equestrian.—Astley was a tall strong man, loud of voice, and corpu lent in later life, who gave up cabinet-making in his youth to enlist in the 15tb, or Elliot's Own Light Horse. He served seven years, was made rough rider, teacher, and horse breaker to the regiment; and when, after seeing service in Germany, he obtained his discharge, he made his living out of horses. General Elliot gave him a charger as a mark of esteem, and with this, and a horse bought in Smithfield, he began to exhibit to all comers in an open field near the Halfpenny Hatch at Lambeth, for whatever be could get when he sent the hat round. Then he en gaged part of a large timber yard which stood where the theatre now stands. Here he boarded in a circus, charged sixpence for admission, placed a pent-house roof over the seats, and performed of mornings to the music of a drum and two fifes, within a rope ring open to the sky. In the evening he had Chinese shadows, a learned horse, and tricks of sleight-of-hand, in a large room at No. 22, Piccadilly. The owner of the timber yard was in difficulties, and Astley saved money enough to lend him £200, on a mortgage of the yard, with all the timber in it. With the £200 the timber merchant went abroad, and was no more heard of. Astley thus got in due time lawful possession of the place. He sold the timber, and with the produce of it, and £60, the value of a large diamond ring which he picked up at the foot of West minster Bridge, and found no owner for, he built in the timber yard what he then called "The Amphitheatre Riding House." This building he enlarged as he got means, until the whole ground was roofed in. Astley's wife was a good horsewoman, his son also rode well as a boy. When the Royal Circus, now the Surrey Theatre, was being built, Astley, to compete with it, added a stage and scenery to his Riding Circle, which he then called, first the " Royal Grove"—from the painting, grove fashioned, of the house before the curtain—and afterwards "The Amphi theatre of Arts."—Dickens' * All the Year Round.' THE CONTRIVER OF THE COCK LANE GHOST.—Parsons, the parish clerk of St. Sepulchre's, was the impudent contriver of the Cock Lane ghost deception. Parsons' child, a cunning little girl of twelve years, had con trived to tap on her bed in a way that served to convey supposed supernatural messages. It proved to be a plot devised by Parsons out of malice against a gentleman of Norfolk who had sued him for a debt. This gentleman was a widower, who had taken his wife's sister as his mistress—the marriage being forbidden by law—and had brought her to lodge with Parsons, from whence he bad re moved her to other lodgings, where she had died suddenly of small pox. Parsons' ob ject was to obtain the ghost's declaration that she had been poisoned by Parsons' creditor. The rascal was set three times in the pillory and imprisoned for a year in the King's Bench. The people, however, singularly enough, did not pelt the impudent rogue, but actually collected money for him.—* Thornbury's Haunted London.' CURIOSITIES OF CARELESSNESS.—Twenty thousand letters or more arrive at the chief office every day without any street or number being written on the outside—simply Mr. So and-so, London. Fifty thousand postage stamps are every year found in the letter bags and boxes, rubbed, by friction from the letters and newspapers to which they have been im perfectly cemented. One newspaper in about five thousand slips from its cover through careless fastening, and comes to grief; for the sorters do not know which covers belong to which newspapers. Without noticing the country post-offices or even the 1100 recep tacles for letters which now exist in the me tropolis, city men send to the chief office alone two hundred letters every day entirely unsealed and unfastened. Some letters have no address either on the inside or on the out side.—' Once a Week.' A BRIEF BILL —Lord St. Leonards' Bill for the Better Security of Railway Passengers is comprehended in the following clause— " From and after the 18th of July next it shall not be lawful to lock both the doors of any railway carriage whilst any passenger is within it." The Emperor Alexander of Russia was present in Paris at a collection in aid of the funds of an hospital. The plate was held to his Majesty by an extremely pretty girl. As he gave his louis d'or, be whispered— " Madamoiselle, this is for your bright eyes." The girl curtseyed, and presented the plate again to him. " What," said the emperor, " more!" " Yes sir," said she ; " I now want something for the poor." A Highlander, under the influence of whiskey, once, on a very hot day, went to be married by the Rev. Mr. Grant, of Aber nethy. The service having commenced, the bridegroom was asked, "Are you willing to take this woman to be your wedded wife?" "Yes," he replied, wiping large drops of perspiration from his face, " yes, if I got a drink !" Sir James Scarlett was pre-eminently suc cessful as an advocate. He attributed his success to the brevity of his speeches. " I find," said he, " that when I exceed half an hour, I do mischief to my client. If I drive into the beads of the jury important matter, I also drive out what I had previously lodged there." In one of the courts, lately, there was a long and learned discussion as to whether a witness should be allowed to answer the question, "What did Mary say?" Three judges gave long and elaborate opinions in the affirmative, and the question being re peated, the answer was " Not a word." Courage does not consist in feeling no fear, but in conquering fear. 