BFjf^iToF MK- KEMMIDGE. Wgr ccrt;iin fine autumn uiormiig, somt I irtor nine years ago, Mr. Kemmidge, an j lUshinan who had been living m Amu- 1 B for a dijJton years back — a strongly- ! it but active man ot middle age, with j fceczy, open-air flavour about him ; with i E» 4uidy Lair, a fresh complexion, mid j Iwudbnp whiskers— f...k his way lei- ' K|v dun')) tlie]iianorm m me JMncu&sier; ?iju towards the L«Jiidim train, carrying | Kjs Laud a .small brown leather travel- - ML casCi and whistling a littlo air to him- j ??as he went. He had just reached the : Rr'oftlie carriage when another indivi K gjnje up from .iu opposite diroetiun, ' ?JJiiam Jir- Kemniidge at oiieo recognised i Kid acquaintance whom he Iiad not seuii KcliU departure from England. Mr. Kem B^c greeted the stranger with a poke in ? nbs, mid a hearty grasp --f the band, ?Old B»b NVapsbot ; and Old I Lib, wak BT up slowly from a fctute of day dream ?ich seemed habitual to him, reciprocated ? squeeze of Mr. Kemniidge, while his ! Kid fat face wrinkled, by degrees into a Kle, which ended finally in a burst of in ?td 'laughter, aud another shake of the Bid. ?As Bob also happened to be going to Kdon that morning, he and Mr. Kem. Mgc got into the same carriage ; and to Bui, shortly afterwards, entered a third ?jiidual, a stranger — a tall thin man in Kit of rusty black, carrying carefully a Bed gingham umbrella, as damp and un Klesonie-Iooking as hiinsclf. He sat Kjt witli a meek air in the farthest cor Kof the carriage, and pnducing a dirty, Bgcd newspaper, devoted himself indus Kusly to its perusal ; his large nose — and Kas certainly a very large one, thin, Kkcd, and purple as to its ridge — twitch- K nervously whenever he came to a more Kresting paragraph than common. Mr. Kuniidge and Boh glanced casually at the ?bin black as ho entered, and then rc ^Eed their conversation ; and before they Kidone making mutual enquiries after BJ another's health, and asking alter old Buds, they found themselves out in the Kutry, au'^ *ue Srxmti an^ smoke of the Bcity left far behind. When they had Knped cacli other dry with personal ?esliuns, thu conversation diverged to Hps, on which point Old Bob was a great Khority, he being a corn-merchant by Bfession ; and so the time sped plcasant ?nway. HThey were close upon London when Kb, straightening .1 fat forefinger, and ?nting in the direction of Mr. Keruniidgc's Ht, asked wheezily : — ?' Is that all your luggage, David j' ?' Bless you — no,' replied Mr. Kemniidge. ?'ve got a portmanteau in the van almost me enough to hold you. No, that's a Ball private travelling case,' kicking it ?relessly with his foot, ' and as it contains ?luablos — I always keep it uuder my eye. Ms not a very smart chap to look at, being ?back settlement manufacture ; but it's leful, and answers my purpose very welL ?id that reminds me, Bob, that I'm going ? to. Brighton, by the first train from Lon BnBvm.' , to see a niece who lives down Ben.', a; '? L shan't be back in town for two Bvs ; 61 ivhat I want to know, old fellow, ? uiulli-f you can recommend some quiet BspccfcMc hotel to me, where I can put Mb when I get back from Brighton ; and ?here I can, in the meantime, leave this Ravelling case ; for I don't want to trail it ?xnit llie country more than I can help, Kcause, you see, it contains valuables, and ?might get relieved of it by the way.' ? The stranger with the cotton nmbiella ?c-caine at this pointjmore absorbed than Brer in the perusal of his ragged news ?aper ; and the nervous twitching of his ?rge nose went on at a surprising rate. ? ' You look here, now,' replied Bob, ?tiwly, after rumiuating for a minute. I What you want is a place to put your Bravelbjig- case in till you come back from ?righton — a safe place,' that's what you ?ant. Well, ain't there a cloak-room at V station, where you can pay two- pence, ?id get a ticket, and leave your case till ?ou come back 1 — Safer than hotels ? All, ? deal' ? When they quitted the train, the two ?lends proceeded up the platform to the ?oak-room, where Mr. Kemiuidge depo ?ted Ids case and paid his two-pence, re ?eiviiig in return a small yellow ticket B™' N°- 398' printed on it, and the ?bbrevwted words 'trvllng case.' scrawled ?cross it by the attendant porter, who at ?ace gummed the counterpart of the ticket ?U to the case, and the ceremony was com ? As Mr. Kemmidge aud Bob turned away, »ey perceived close behind them their late ?ravelling companion, who was evidently ?esiruus of entrusting his umbrella to the ?we of the railway company, and who, ?sung on tlus resolve, contrived to screw ?lie necessary t\vo-p=nce put of some mys ?enous pocket, and received iu return a ?tUmr ticket 'No. 399,' with the words ? ettn. unibrlk.' written across its face ; W T wJudl ticket, crumpled up in his Kjjj^pocket.lietf once took h:s de ? jttee hours later, auother shabby indi W®, who in general mouldiiiess of ?Wwwce and uuwho^menegs of aspect, ?^yit have been first cousiu to the man »™ the large nose, made his appearance Eu 1 ^°U With a smail travelling case, ITn , deP°sit°d in the cloak-room with »'e asual formalities. ? At an early hour ^ Mowi morni EliT] VTVe '^ to the stat''n. from which KVh!! ?%? fifUon»b^ *«ed young En. »« *^™« J«»-% up to the cloak ^presented ticket No. 398, aud had KJa immediately took his li S. htT ^ K»»ma»B presented ?T^t the cloak-room, and, producing Ij» *W. demanded LU traveling c^se ; I^lSced rr api-arent that the l«*-*^n *^ a forS^ one: but so l^a^,!? unitalio» that Ule daflk l«Sm^Wntlas on ih& counterfeit ??»KSf ^'eoRBe of **& Assent ?'- ?? Psrcaltiief^ willl0ut doubt^ Mr. Kcmmidge'a travelling companion the ! man with a cotton umbrella. j Mr. Kemmidge having incautiously re marked that the case contained valuable property, and that it was his intention to j deposit it in the cloak-room, and having ! acted on that intention, had been im\n°- j diately followed by the shabby stranger ; v.ith the deposition of na umbrella, such : deposition having been made in order to i obtain a genuine ticket from which to man- ! factare a forged one ; and, further, for the purpose of ascertaining the exact number on the ticket given to Mr. Kemmidse, without which information all the forged tickets iu the world would have been use less. Secondly, Mr. Inspector Prcttyman, I suspecting tlir.t the travelling-case deposited at a later Iicit of the same day was merely left for the ; ;irpase of obtaining an exact reudeiiiig nf the abbreviated words neces sary to be written on the ticket, caused the said en-.- to be ojiened, and found that it contained nothing but a brick-cud neatly tied up in Etraw and brown paper. Thirdly, Mr. Inspector l're.ltyman, in possession of information as above, and furnished in ad dition, with personal descriptions of the parties concerned, had considerable hopes of being able, in co-operation with his friends of the metropolitan force, to bring the matter to a successful issue, and, per haps, recover the whole or some portion of the stolen property. ' ? ' So Mr. Kemmidge returned to his hotel, and there awaited, iu pensive expectation the receipt of some information from, Mr. Inspector Prcttyuiau. On the third day of his waiting he was hunted up. by old Bob Wapshot, and over a chop and a bottle of sherry recounted to that friend the history of his loss. ' And what was there inside the case ?' asked Bob. ' Why, beyond a few collars and such like, a pair of brushes, a razor, and a little case of old fashioned jewellery — which my wife was sending across to her sister's girl, as having no use for them herself in Little Athens, where we are located— I don't think that much would be found. But you must know, Bob, that the case contained a false bottom, and that between this false bottom and the r-eal one were concealed some valuablo documents— besides twenty pounds in notes, but I don't think much about that— which I brought over from America to prove certain important points in the lawsuit of which I spoke to you as we were coining up; and without these documents the lawyers can't go ou with the case; and, in shoit, if they are not found uiy wife will be diddled out of her legacy, aud I shall go back to America a poorer man than I left it' ' And the p'lice have got the matter in hand, have they ?' ' They have,' replied Mr. Kemmidge. ' Ah ! theu you'll never hear anything more of your travelling-case,' said old Bob, despondently. What reasons Bob gave for the fo.-mation of this opinion need not be recorded here ; but, by the time the sherry was finished, he had partly converted his friend to the same belief. Mr. Kemniidge went to bed that night a sadder man than usual ; not only did the recovery of his documents seem a doubtful matter, but there was on his mind a con viction that in the description of his' travel- ling companion which he had furnished to the Inspector there was one important peculiarity which he had omitted to note, aud which, he now felt sure, would have gone far towards the identification of the thief; and yet what this peculiarity was he could not for the life of him remember. Next day, and for many days afterwards, this omission of memory Lay heavily on Mr. Kemmidge's mind ; but the more he tried to recollect the personal trait which had so curiously escaped him, the more cunningly it seemed to evade his grasp — till at length he gave tip thinking about it altogether. Having left home with the intention of giving himself a good long holiday, and finding bimsalf, iq the absence of his docu ments, with even more leisure time on his hands than he had anticipated, Mr. Kem midge devoted the greater portion of each day to wandering up and down the streets of London, frequenting low neighbourhoods a good deal, aud the thieves' quarters on both sides of the water ; but nowhere did he come across the man he most wished to find. Two months had elapsed since the loss of his travelling-case, and Mr. Kemmidge had received no tidings of it ; indeed, on his last visit to Mr. Inspector Prettyman, that functionary solemnly shook his head, and even hinted, in a circumlocutory way, that the matter began to look rather un promising ; whereupon Mr. Kemmidge took his departure, having now fully come rouud to the opinion of Bob Wapshot as to the improbability of ever seeing his lost property again. That same evening Mr. Kemmidge went to the theatre — to the one theatre which he frequented two or three times a week, and where he was well, known to 'the manager as an old friend who had rendered good service iu other days in America ; and where, consequently, there was always a nook in the stage-box at his service, together with an immense opera-glass, an article which he begau by despising and ended by liking so well that he scarcely took it from his eyes during the wholo performance. One use which Mx. Kemmidge made of his opera-glass was to scan with it the people in the pit, especially such as had brought with them baskets or parceU of provisions : aud Mr. Kemmidge's practical mind always derived much amusement from watching the hearty way in which such individuals devoted themselves to eating and drinking between the acts, fortifying themselves interiorly for a. good Laugh or a, good cry when next the curtain should draw up, and equally ready to eujoy cither one or the other. Mr. Kemmidge, on the present occasion, having exhausted the pit, took a careless glance round the gallery, and there, sitting iu the front row, composedly cracking nuts, aud twitching his nose nervously as he cracked them, he beheld his late travelling companion — the man with the cotton uni brelhv ' Mr. Kemmidge recognised him in a moment by the peculiar movement of his large nose ; and the same instant it flashed iuto his mind that this very movement of the nose was the one point which had escaped his memory when giving his de scription of the mm, and which he had so 'many times vainly endeavoured to recollcc1 ' I've got hold of you now, my buck,' taid Mr. Kemmidge to himself, as he shut up the opera-glass, ' and I'll take care you don't slip through my fingers this time.' Mr. Kemmidge was standing in the shadow of the gallery door when the per- '. formance ended ; and, picking out his man, j he followed him at a. cautious distance, \ nerer losing sight of him for a moment ; j and keeping thus behind him, went through j street after street, then across the river, and so far out into the suburbs that Mr. Kemmidge began to think the man in tended to continue walking all night. But coming at hst to a street of small houses, standing in little plots of garden ground, and surrounded by market gardens, Mr. Kemmidge finally hunted the fellow down to No. 8 of this street, aud then trudged back to his hotel, feeling moro hopeful in his mind than he had done since the day on which he had lost his papers. Early next morning Mr. Kemmidge went to his friend the theatrical manager, and telling him what he wanted, was by that gentleman placed in the hands of a subor dinate, who, in the course of half- an-hour, turned him out so thoroughly disguised —such a black-looking villain, as Mr. Kemmidge himself expressed it— that if Mrs. IL, then busy and well at Little Athens, had encountered her husband twenty times in the street, she would cer tainly have passed him without recognition. Mr. Kemmidge having, with some diffi culty, threaded over the way of the previous night, discovered on examination, and to his great satisfaction, that the house directly opposite the one to which he had tracked the man had, opportunely, apart^ meuts then vacant for a single gentleman. Mr. Keuimifige came to a settlement about the rooms in the course of a few minutes ; and the same day had the greater portion of his luggage removed to his new home. Sitting over his tea on that first evening, he debated with himself whether it would not be well for him to go to Mr. Inspector Prettyman, and putting the clue into his hands, leave him to work out the affair in his own way, aud trouble himself no' fur ther about it. Before doing so, however, he determined to ask the advice of old Boh Wapshot,- who happened to be in town just then ; and be guided by the opinion of his friend, whatever it might be. Mr. Wap shot's advice, given that evening over a bottle of sherry, was as under. ' You follow it up yourself, my boy ; atid don't say anything to the p'lice about it. P'lice, indeed ! Yah ! what good are they, I should like to know ?' This advice seemed to Mr. Kemmidge so judicious that he determined to abide by it. Mr. Kemmidge commenced his observa tions the following morning, and continued them day and night, with only the neces sary breaks for food and sleep, during the three ensuing weeks, at the end of which period he jotted down the following memo randa in his note book : — ' Mem. respecting Mr. Chudwiuk. ' The inhabitants of Tib-street are, gene rally speaking, either clerks or small trades men who have places of business iu the city. Mr. Chudwink is evidently nothing half so respectable, though what his occu pation is I cannot at present determine ; he seems, indeed, to have uo occupation iti the common meaning of the word. He doesn't get up till ten or eleven in the forenoon, when he has coffee and hot rolls for breakfast ; then a bottle of gin aud a box of cigars are produced, and he proceeds to enjoy himself after 'a leisurely fashion, sometimes relieving his mind meanwhile by a little cursing, usually directed at his wife, but not uufrequently including him self His pigeons have next to be attended to, for he is evidently a great man in that liue of business. After devoting a couple of hours to his birds, he puts on his hat, and goes loafing off to various low public houses where he is well known ; and re turns home towards nightfall, ready to receive company, or attend to his business, whatever that uiRy be. ' I should like answers to the following queries : — ? ? ? ? . ' Why does Mrs. Chudwink never an swer a knock at the door without having a double chain up, one at the.top and one at the bottom ?— And is the timidity of cha racter for which she is notorious among her neighbours, aud her fear of thieves, real or assumed? Why is Mr. Chudwink visited four nights a week by three men, who arrive singly, after dark ; who all knock in a peculiar manner, and who are at onco ad mitted without question into the house ? Why do thes.p men stay till three or four in the morning, when at half-past ten, or at the latest, eleven, all lights jn the house are apparently put out, and everybody goes to bed i ' And why, when these mysterious visitors leave the house, dp they leave it singly, with an interval of four or five minutes between each departure ? ' For what purpose do Mr. Chudwiuk and his wife quit their house at half-past eight precisely every Monday evening, carrying with them a small leather case, so like my stolen case in size and. general outline, that were this one uot painted black I should: feel certain that it was really mine i — And why do they always go to one particular house iu Westminster, where they never stay lunger than half-an: hour ; after which they return direct home without stopping anywhere ?' These questions were some of the results of Mr. Kemmidge's observations, and the longer his observations continued, the greater became his desire to fathom, un assisted, the mystery which shrouded the ways of life of his friend over the way. ' Hunting down this cunning old coon,' said Mr. Kemmidge to himself, ' is much better sport than standing behind the counter of my store at Little Athens, mea suring yards of cloth and weighing pounds of tea, and I'll enjoy it while I can.' The more Mr. Kemmidge thought about it the more certain he became that the leather case carried by Mr. Chudwiuk every Monday evening was in fact no other than his own lost case, though changed in complexion ; and the perplexing problem now presented to him was, how to ascer tain whether the law documents still re mained in their hiding-place secure and un disturbed. Being of an inquiring turn of mind, and not averse from the study of natural history in any of its branches ; and, fur thermore, feeling perfectly securo in the completeness of his disguise, Mr. Kem midge took to going down of a fore noon, in the company of his meer schaum, iuto the little garden which fronted his lodgings, there to observe more closely the flights and gambols of Mr. Chudwink's pigeons, as directed by that gentleman in person. Chudwink, as master I of the feathered ceremonies, generally took ' his stand in his own little garden ; some- j times, however, he appeared with head and i shoulders out of the skylight iu the roof of | his house, on which occasions Mr. Kem- ! midge was obliged to content himself with looking on from his sitting-room window ; and thus, by degrees, a sort of rough ac quaintanceship sprang up between them, j Chudwiuk was very shy, and very rude for ! same time, and repelled all Mr. Kemmidge's j advances in sullen silence ; but the good | nature of the latter was so genuine, and j the interest he took iu the pigeons seemed so hearty and -spontaneous, and then his innocent remarks respecting them betrayed such terrible ignorance on such an allim portant-subject, that Ghudwink was finally obliged to give way, and tacitly acquiesce in the presence and remarks of his new ac quaintance, and even condescend, in his boorish way, to enlighten him in some measure as to the habits and capabilities of the pigeon species. So while Chudwink fluttered his dovecotes, Mr. Kemmidge stood near at hand, smoking his meer schaum and passing his remarks. ' How much, now, for that pair of birds V asked Mr. Kemmidge one morning, pointing to a couple of pigeons which had just settled on the roof, after tumbling head over heels down an invisible flight of stairs. ' That pair J— ah !' said Mr. Chudwink, ' I should say two guineas for the pair on 'em would be a very mild-figure.' ' Too much for me to pay, anyhow,' re plied Mr. Kemmidge. ' Don't want them for myself, you know — for a friend. But I can't stand that price.' Nothing more was said that day, but next morning Mr. Chudwink himself began the discourse. ' Well, giv'nor, what do you say to one fifteen for the birds 1' ' That's more reasonable, but still too much.' ' You're too hard on a chap, that's what you are,' remarked Mr. Chudwiuk. ' ' Not a bit of it. Now, I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll give you twenty-five shillings and a couple of orders for the pit at the Royal Blank Theatre.' ' Never say die. I'm your man. My missis is fond of the theayter, and I like to go at odd times. I'll pack up the birds for you, and send 'em across in a few minutes.' The next house to Mr. Clmdwjnk's, on the right side as you go down the street, was empty at that time ; nnd on the after noon following the negotiation concerning the pigeons, Mr. Kemmidge became pos sessed with a curious desire to look over this empty house, aud examine it personally in detail. So his landlady obtained the key for him, and accompanied him while he took a leisurely survey of his premises, which he remarked, with a shake of the head, as she re-locked the door, were not altogether the style of thing he had ex pected. It was a winter evening, mild and moon less, when Mr. Chudwink and his wife took their departure, well freighted with comestibles, for the Royal Blank Theatre. Mr. Kemmidge was standing at the door of his apartments when they set off, and bade (hem a cheery good evening, to which Mr. Chudwink responded iu a manner more gracious than usual. About ten o'clock the same night Mr. Kemmidge let himself quietly out of the house; and after giving a preliminary glance round, although it was too dark to discern anything, proceeded at a rapid and stealthy pace down the street ; aud turning the corner of the last house, found himself in a narrow lane, withdoorson - ne side open ing into some market-gardens, and ou the other side a low wall which bounded the back premises of the same Houses in Tib street. Mr. Kemmidge was attired as to his head and feet in a. travelling cap aud a pair of carpet slippers ; and carried a dark lantern iu one pocket, the possession of which made him feel uncomfortably like a burglar. ? ? Proceeding noiselessly down tho lane, aud peering carefully on both sides as he went, Mr. Kemmidge at length halted at a point where a dilapidated clothes-post was lounging iu a helpless way against the wall, as though it had been for a long time in want of employment. A spring aud a short scramble placed Mr. Kemmidge on the other side of the wall, Making his wny through the garden to the back of the house, he gently pushed open the kitchen window, and, leaping through, found him self in the empty house which he had exa mined so minutely the preceding afternoon. Up one flight of stairs after another, very lightly iu his carpet slippers, vent Mr. Kemmidge, slowly feeling his way iu the dark, till he reached a small attic close under the slates, lighted by a skylight in the slanting roof, against which a tall man standing upright might easily : knock his head. Through this skylight Mr. Kem midge proceeded to squeeze himself — an enterprise of considerable difficulty, he being a man whose waist had disappeared fourteen years before : indeed, it was doubtful at one time' whether he would not stick fast, and so swing there ignomi uiously until he could summon some one to his assistance. But he contrived after a time, to scramble through; and found himself safely seated ou the ridge of the roof, with what looked in the darkness like a yawning precipice on each side of him. ' Ah,' said Mr. Kemmidge to himself, as he wiped the sweat from, hisbrow, ' this is Jack Shepparding with a vengeance ! I wonder whether Baron ' Trenck felt like this when he vaa breaking out of prison ! If Mary Jane cou'd only gee ' me now ! — but it will be good fun to tell about when I get back home.' Afterrestinja short time, Mr. Kemmidge proceeded cautiously on his hands and knees along the ridge of the roof, and so round a stack of chimneys, till he reached the skylight which opened out of the gar ret of Mr. Chudwink's house. Mr. Kem midge tried his best to open the skylight, but concluding at last that it was fastened inside, he gave one of the panes a sharp tap with his elbow, makiug thereby a hole sufficiently large fur the insertion of his hand ; and feeling cautiously about soon discovered the bolt by which the window was secured. Mr. Kemmidpe paused for a minute to fortify his mind with a repitition of a few philosophic precepts, before allow ing himself to drop into the yawning abyss, which, blacker thau the blackness out6ide, opened grimly at his fret ; but being a man uot readily daunted, aud having come so far slready, he was determined to go through with his adventure to the end. So having first secured the skylight with a ! piece of twine to the stack of chimneys, he ! gradually lowered himself through the hole in the roof ; but missing his hold with one baud, he finally slipped through more quickly than he had intended, and came down with a crash among the roostiug pi geons. A terrible uproar aud confusion ensued among the frightened birds ; some of them beating and dashing round Mr. Kemmidge'a head and face, ethers making direct for the open skylight, and fluttering out on to the roof, while the more sedate birds pimply shook their wings a little, and settled down into the corner farthest from Mr. Kem midge. That gentleman himself stood mo tionless as a statue for some minutes, listening intently, but beyond the flutter ing of the birds nothing could be heard. When all was silent again, Mr. Kemmidge took his dark lantern out of his pocket, threw a slender gleam of light round the room, and having discovered the door, opened it, and went softly down stairs into the lower parts of the house, in search of his lost travelling-case. There were not many rooms to examine ; aud going, hist of all, into a little kitchen at the back of the house, he there found his lost treasure hanging from a nail in the rafters, and half filled with clothes-pegs, as though it were an article of small value. Yes, it was his old friend, without a doubt, but in a suit of black, and was the same case which he had seen Mr. Chudwiuk and his wife take with them ou their weekly visits to the house in Westminster. Mr. Kemmidge's hands trembled a little as he took it down and emptied it. Taking from his pocket a bunch of keys, he selected one from the lot — not the 'ordinary one which opened the lock, but another, which, fitting into the key-hole, acted on a hidden spring, causing the inLvs bottom to open by means of a secret Lilige, and so revealing the hiding place below. A glance was sufficient There they were, thank goodness ! both docu ments and banknotes, intact, untouched, since he had placed them there, on the other side of the Atlantic, several months before. Having secured them carefully about his person, he refilled the case with the clothes-pegs, and hung it up again where bo had found it, and theu proceeded up stairs on his way back to the skylight. 'Ivow what,' s;iid Mr. Kemmidge to himself, rubbing his nose reflectively, as he i halted for a moment on the landing, ' can be the uiyaterious occupation of Mr. Chud wiuk ? Considering the way in which he j has treated me, it will uot, perhaps, be I thought too inquisitive on my part if I try ! to solvj the problem before leaving the;.e premises. So here goes. ! Au ordinary bedroom was the first place iuto which Mr. Kemmidge penetrated after j coming to this resolution, and from which he retreated somewhat precipitately — the bed furniture looked so ghost-like by the light of his lantern. The second door which he tried was locked, but the key being iu it, Mr. Kemmidge at once admitted him self, and the Chudwiuk secret lay revealed before him in all its ugly significance, Iu one corner was u small furnace ; iu another a heap of metal, some of it partially fused, scattered about on the floor, and on the rude table which occupied tho middle of the room lay moulds of various kinds and sizes ; sundry utensils used iu smelting ; a quantity of plaster of Paris, together with a jminber of curious implements, having uatnes known only to the initiated ; while piled up on the window-ledge, close to tlip thick wooden shutters, was a heap of very white and uioe-looking shillings aud half crowns, all of which objects betrayed at once to the quick eye of Mr. Kemmidge that Chudwink and his nightly visitors were neither more nor less than a gang qf coiners. After one long careful glance round, Mr. Kemiuidge quitted the room, re-lockeoj the door, and then made the best of his way back home; carefully 'fastening the sky light after him, so that the broken pane might seem to be the result of an accident. '' '.Only to think, now,' sai^ Mr. Kem midge to himself, as he paused for a mo ment at the door to blow some fluff out of the latch-key ''that my dear old travelling case has come at last to be used as a recep tacle for base coin. ; and has been 'carried to Westminster on more Monday evenings than I can tell,'1' with many' nice little packets inside it, front which place tk;y were doubtless distributed aU over the country ;' and I shouldn't; wonder if that bad half crown which I took the other day came originally from the Chudwink mint ! — I think it will be advisable for me to pay my frieud Mr. Inspector Prettyman a visit to-morrow; and to-morrow, too, I will give up my apartments in Tib-street, and go back to my hotel.' '' ???????? A week later Mr. Kemmidge and his friend, Bob Wapshot, taking a walk arm in arm through Tib-street, did not fail to notice that Mr. Chudwiuk's house was in want of a tenant ; and calling in at the nearest tavern for a little refreshment,' were there edified by the garrulous landlord with a full, true, and particular account of a razzia made by the police two nights pre viously, in which a whole gang of coiners, who had lived unsuspected in the neigh bourhood upwards of a year, were cleverly captured and would doubtless meet with their deserts. More need not be added, except that Mr. Kemmidge, after winning the lawsuit, parted with regret from Old Bob Wapshot; and then set his face hopefully towards Mary Jane and Little Athens. T.S. 