WEST SYDNEY ELECTION.— On Wednesday at noon pursuant to a notice published by the Returning-officer, and in conformity with the terms of the necessary writ— a public meeting of the electors of West Sydney waa held in Wynyard-square, for the nomination and election of a member to serve in the Legislative Assembly, in the place of the Hon. John Robertson, resigned. But'very little interest appeared to.be taken in the proceedings, it being probably surmised that there would be no actual contest. About two hundred and fifty persons were present at the commencement, but before it was all over even this small number had Buffered a verv considerable diminution. At twelve o'olock the proceedings began; the clerk to the Returning -officer reading the official notice pOblishedrhy that gentleman convening the electors. The Retiring officer (Mr. Edward Flood) read the writ, and expreaeCu hope that the electors would give a fair and lmpar&fl; hearing to those gentlemen who might add roes them. Me Alderman Small proposed, end Dr. W. Blend peMtid^d, the nomination of Mr. John Robertson. The Retuming officer announced that there was no other candidate to propose, and therefore it was his duty to declare John Robertson, Esq., duly elected* member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of West Sydney. The proceedings, which were not marked by any mani festations of excitement, terminated with a vote of thanks to the Returning-officer. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE of St. LUKE's CHURCH, SUSSEX-STREET. — The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new church to be called St. Luke's, took place on Wednesday afternoon. There waa a large concourse of spectators on the ground, together with the children of St.- Philip's Parochial schools. The following clergymen were present: — The Dean of Sydney, the Revs. T. Kemmis, T. O'Reilley, T. Smith, W. 6 tack, G. H. Moreton, Rich, and J. C. Collet. The site of . the church is situated in Sussex street, a little to the south of its intersection with Erakine elreet There is plenty of stone on the spot, which will be quarried and made use of in the building. The structure, which will be in the early English style of architecture, will have a neat and comely appearance. At present-it is proposed to make the church sixty-four feet long by fifty broad ; but should it be found necessary the length oan be increased to eighty-four feet. The church is designed to accommodate oOO persons, and the oost of its erection will bo about £2500. The service was begun by the Dean of Sydney, and the people repeating the 132nd Psalm, by alter nate verses, and the Rev. T. O'Reilly then read the leeson from Ephestens iv., 7 to 17. The collect fer the day waa next read by the Dean of Sydney* The Honorable John Campbell, M.L.C., then bud-the foundation stone, pronouncing at the close — ' I lay this foundation and comer stone of a church, to be built in this place, to be named St. Luke the Evangelist's Church: and to be set apart for the preaching of the pure word of God, and administration of the Sacraments according to the order of the United Church of England and Ireland, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost Amen.' The bottle placed in the cavity of the stone con tained copies of the S. M. Herald, the last number of the Church Chronicle, and a parchment, on which waa subscribed the following : — 'The foundation-stone of this Church, to be called the Church of St. Luke the Evangelist, and to be set apart fer ever fer the preaching of the True Catholic Faith, and the ministration of the Sacramento according to the order atiit discipline of tfia United Church of England and Ireland, was laid on St Luke's Day, in the year of our Lord, MDCCCLXV., by the Honorable John Campbell, Esq;, M.L.C., the incumbent and other clergymen being present and officiating. The Right Honorable Sir John Young; Baronet; Governor-in- Chief of the Colony; the Right Reverend Frederick Barker, D.D., Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan; The Very Reverend William Hac quaris Cowper, MA., Dean of Sydney ana Incum bent of St. Philip's; Messrs. John CampbelL Alex ander Stuart, and John Mathewa, Esquires, Trustees. J. F. Hilly, Architect? The Apostlee' Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and two other prayers appropriate to the occasion, were then said by the Dean, the deny and people repeating the two former. In the course of his addreee, the Dean remarked that the budd ing of the church had been long projected. His mind went back over a period of at least twenty years, when one who was had in honour in the parish and in the hearts of many then present, and of whom it : became him to speak with deepest reverence and affection— hia own beloved father had mentioned to him that this was a part of the parish in whuhadrureh was needed. About rune .years agin the proposal to bnild thrchurch was definitely mAde, and; the present eite was then granted by the Government. It was hoped that thecals of the old parsonage property would have realised a gum which would nave enabled the parish to build the church, but owing to the depredation in the value of that in common with other property, it bad not beat found practicable. Through the kinanaes of the Bishop, the sum of £600 was available, which bad been plated in his hands bv a gentleman in England, who desired that the money should be devoted to the building of a chnroh in a poor and populous part of the city — a church in which tire sittings be ell free. In this church there woull be no pew rents; everybody would be welcome and oould take his seat with a knowledge that he had a right to it. The trustees had felt justified in taking a contract for the stone work ; and he hoped that the parish ioners, when they saw the walls going up, would enable us to put on the roof and then supply the means of obtaining the interior fittings, so that the sacred edifice might he speedily finished. He was not sorry to appeal to their libe rality in this matter beoauae itgave them, an opportunity of showing how they appreciated the ordinances of religion and what waa their gratitude fer the privileges they had ed long enjoyed. He hoped that we ehouM .be able to com plete the church free of debt, and that we might meet toge ther for ita consecration within nine months from the pre sent time. It would be exceedingly gratifying to him if this oould be done, on the 18th or the X8(h?f. August, 1866, because the 18th would be the anniversary ;of thA day on which the late Archdeacon arrived in Sydney btthaar, and the 19th on which he landed and commenced ms-fijiblic ministrations. He would ask those who' venerated, the memory of the Archdeacon and who wished to express their sense of gratitude for the blessings which they had received, to oome and help us in this matter, and thus they would show that they valued the privileges they had reoelved and that they desired others to participate in them also. It had struck him that there might be persons who would be desirous to contribute some special part of the work, and he had no doubt that such assistance would be gladly reoeived so long as every thing was dons in aocordanoe with the architectural design, and the arrangements of the building, whioh the trustees might agree upon. It waa very gratifying to us thia day that the stone had been laid by our old and triad friend, Mr. John CampbelL He trusted that we should long see Mr. Campbell amongst us, and have the benefits of his prescnoo and many excellent qualities us an example of voutb — that, in hia old age he might feel that ha had been a blesBing to a large portion of the oommonity, and that those noble qualities which he had ever displayed might increase in power as his years advanced, until his hoar head should go down in gloiy to the grave. The reverend gentleman concluded by pointing out the advantages whioh the church would confer on the neighbourhood ; he urged hia hearers to co-operate in the work of ita erection, and he earnestly exhorted them to strive after greater spirituality of life. The Hon. John Campbell then addressed the assemblage, and the proceedings were oonoluded with, the benediction, which was pronounced by the Dean. Sudden Death. — The inquest respecting the death of Sarah Walker was held before the City Coroner, at the Star Tnn| Hunter end Phillip 8beeta, on Wednesday. Deoeaaed waa thirty-nine years of age, and was the wife of a water man who lives in Phillip-street. The evidence showed that aha waa cooking some beefsteaks for her husband's break feat on Tuesday morning, whan aba fell forwards from the I «*«ir on which she was sitting. Her husband immediately lifted her up, fft found that she was dead. Dr. Cox. who was examined at the inquest, deposed that deceased bad died of aneurism of the heart. Deoeased hu left a family of eight children. The Jury, found that aha died from - 'natural causes.' I The Closing or the English Mail.— Our readers arc reminded that the trails for England via Southampton close' at the General Post Office this evening— for Letters at 8, and for Newspapers at 7 o'clock. New South Wales Rifle Association. — A meeting of the committee of thia association was held at the V olunteer Brigade Office on Wednesday afternoon, Lieutenant Colonel Richardson in the chair. A code of rules for the good conduct of the forthcoming matches was adopted, and it is intended to alrictly enforce them. A good deal of ill feeling was generated last year in consequence of frequent appeals from the marking, and various oomplaints to the Match Committee. Among the rules adopted yesterday ii one enforcing silence at the firing points, and another em powering the committee to disqualify any competitor who shall appeal from the marking, or make any disturbance. The discussion relative to the use of field glasses for the purpose of indicating to the competitor the position of his hifs on the target was resumed, and resulted in the adop tion of the following rule: — 'All telescopes and field glasses used on the ground in the volunteer matches ahull be under the control of the match committee, and each member of e squad will be entitled to an equal use of the glass provided for that squad.' It will be observed that this rule will not affect the AU Comers' competitors. In harmony with tbe terms of the above rule, the committee will en deavour to provide a glass for each squad in tho Volunteer matches, and several members of the committee who possess glasses, tendered them for tree during the matohee. Several additional subecriptions from ladies, including one from Lady Young, towards the prizes in the Ladies' Match, wire announced. Subscriptions towards this match will be required te be paid to (he hon. secretaries, or any member of the committee, cot later than Monday next. St. Philip's Church.— Mr. John A. Matthews having intimated to the Lancashire Bell Ringers that the alone foundation, of St. Luke's Church had been laid on the 18th, at 3 o'clock, (hey with much pleasure and cheerfulness rang a joy peal on tire occasion. A subscription waa received on the ground amounting to upwards of £20. Sydney Fire and Marine Insurance Company.— The half-yearly general meeting of the shareholders of the Comtmny V-as held on. Wednesday; Mr. J. F. Josepheon, Of r. a. In ft. f-Rnin .Thr- rOTinrt'tirHS adonted. and. a dividcEd at the rale of 5 per cent per annum. was declared. The receipts for the peat half-year, including .fire and marine premiums and interest on investments, amounted to £13,32^28. On the debit side the losses by fire were £11,389 9s. 6d-. and the fees, salaries, &c.;, £2336 4s. 3d. Total £13.724 13s. 8d. After payment of the dividend there remains the sum of £8168 3e. 5d. to the credit of the con tingent fund. The total amount at risk on the 1st October was £3,808,180 against £3,667,839 on the 1st of March 1866\. Mr. T. C. Breillat and Mr. E. Murnin were elected directors, and Mr. G.Oi Allan was re- elected an auditor. Herr Sirp's Conobet.— On Wednesday evening, Here Rndolph Sipp gave hia first concert at the Masonio Hall, under the patronage of the leading families of Sydney. The first piece performed by Herr Sipp waa Beethoven's beautiful ' Moonlight Sonata,' and of the three movements the adagio tras the most exquisite — a dreamy softness of ex pression and the sensation of perfect repose waa conveyed by bis rtaidering of this portion, thedetaohed melody coming ig at intervals with peculiar ^awoetoeas^due to^the teste of the pensive state into which the listener is thrown '^y the opctung passage by ft ple&Biiig; contrasts A load encore fol ; lowed its termination, and one of Chopin's erratic Mazurkas was given by Herr Sipp. The nest piece performed by Herr Sipp was a fantaeie de concert 'Souvenir d' Italie,' composed by himself, which seamed to us to want unity of thought) and intended to illustrate the performer's dexterity of manipulation ; the 4t Rataplan' from 44 Ia Fflle du Re* gime&t;' is introduced, andcleverly anungeds The chromatic runs and delicacy of cadence were indeed very charming. In response to an encore Herr Sipp performed & series of artistic variations on the popular melody 'The Last Sose of Summer,' One of Mendelsohn's songs without words in £ Mw'or was a treat, and in this description of music Herr Sipp has had no rival in the oolony; though it was not one that exhibited to its fullest extent the ability of the performer in that par ticular hind of composition, the audience were nevertheless sensible of the excellence with which he can deal with these beautiful melodies. A mazurka brillante by Rubens tain was alto included in the same portion, and magnificently ATfiMitfel. Annffapr monra followed, hut was declined. A fatiiasie de concert on airs from ' Trovatore,' composed by Herr Sipp, brought the concert to a close. This latter introduced him in the florid Italian ; . and both composition and execution are subjects for admiration. The Ah ! cfie la morte and the Gipsy Chorus are originally treated, the bold mia of the. latter being given with massive chords imparting a - wild vehemence to the passage that produced a remarkable effect, and presented a striking con trast to the delicate opening of one of Verdi's most ordinal and characteristic choruses. The Miserere and II Stolen are introduced in thin compbmtisn. It may be safely that the audience (a very large one indeed), recog nised the talent of foe performer, as expressions of satisfac tion were to be heard on all aides, and as many were unable to hear him, a repetition of the concert will no doubt attract an equally large number of persons. The concert was varied by the vocalisation of Mum James, Ifln Jones, Mr. I Jackson, and Mr. Bannister, who all roorived acknowledge ments tor their separate efforts. Mr. Coll an presided as acoompanyist. RIFLE SHOOTING AT BALMAIN.— About two months back tbe members of the Balmain Company commenced a competition fin a handsome pair of flower vases, the condi tions being that they should be won three times consecu tively or four times altogether. Thia prize was fired far rtilrtaw, times, and has finally passed into the possession of private J. M. Tiniey, he having snooeeded in winning it on four different occasions. The following are the dates on which this prize waa competed for, together wilh the winner on each occasion :— August: 16th, Lieutenant Webb; 22nd, ditto; 29th, Private Tiniey. September: 5th, Sergeant Killeen; 12th, Sergeant Longfield; 22nd, Private West ; 26th, Private Tiniey ; 29th, Private Phillips. October: 3rd. Private West; -6th. Sergeant Killeen; 10th, Private Tiniey; 13th, Lieutenant Webb; 17th, Private Tiniey. CRICKET.— On Saturday last a match was played on tbe Albert Club Gronnd, between second elevens of the Alberts adn Warwick Clubs, terminating in favour of the former with forty runs to spare. The following is the score :— ALBERTS. WARWICKS. Means, l.b.w.,b. Docker ... 0 Usrtin, b. Armltsge ...10 Love, l.b.w., b. Fratt ...IB Buyers, b. Coates ... ... 0 J. Thompson, c. Mulhall, b. Doeker, run out ... ... 0 Docker'/ ... ... S Lawecu, b. Sly ... 10 Armitage, c. end b. Martin 7 Jones, c. Lore; b. Coates ... 8 Anderson, b. Lawson ...SB Bedford e.Aldis,b. Sly ... 1 Coatee, b. Pratt ? 9 Fratt, b. Coatee ... ... 1 Vivian, b. Martio ... ... 1 Hulball,not out ... ... 0 Sly, b. Martin ... ... 0 W. Freemen, b. Sly ... 0 Flood, b. Pratt ? 21 B. Freeman, c. Thompson, b. E. Gordon, not out ... 0 Coates ... ... ... 3 Aldia, b. Pratt ? t J. Turner, b. Coates ... 0 Leg byes, 2; wides,3 ... f B. L Lb. 1, w. 6,n,b- 1 ... 8 -V . ? j -,'sl B.-S — 84 . j. , 44 BALMAIN SCHOOL OF ARTS. — On Thumdsy evening, the so-called Australian Hondhs ' appeared ut;t£otibove halJL and gave great satisfaction to an an d fence which waa. fm . fortunately tut limited in number. The stage was taste fully fitted up for the occasion, and so svDiully were the wizard'd' feats of prestidigitation performed that they baffled the quickest -sighted observer. Lost in the Bush.— On Sunday, the 8th instant, Mr. Hohnan, who formerly kept the White Horse Hotel, in George-etreet, was missed from die house where he was staying at Port Hacking, end, it is supposed, was lost in the bush. The police have searched through the scrub from Prat Hacking to Wollangong, but have not succeeded in finding any traces of the missing man. The scrub is very dense in the -neighbourhood, and it is feared that the unfortunate man may have perished from hunger and exposure. The Chops at Singleton. — On Friday last this dis trict was visited -with several refreshing and invigorating ehewers. In Singleton and neighbourhood the showers were only tight, but at Gleadonbrook, Falbrooh and other places, the rain is reported to have been mneh heavier. A hailstorm passed over Ravensworth on the same day, but bong quite local no damage waa done by it. Throughout . the district the wheat crops continue in a fine healthy state, although a tittle more rain would be very beneficial for the later crops, and also be thankfully accepted by all those formers who ere preparing land for the maize crop, as also for the young maize already planted.—: Maitlond Mercury. Lambing at Inverell is about over for this year, and has finirbed very satisfactorily. One of Mrs. Campbell's shepherds tola me his flock had 97$ per oent. ; and one of Mr. M'Intyre's, that he had 921, both of which are very good. Perhaps there may be better on the etation; the ones mentioned being ponies that told me quite casually. Carriers are now baaing with wool no their return journey. —ArmuUb Exprc&t.; Struck Dead btlightnino.— ' The Xrithano Courier of 16th instant says :— Ah inquest was held at Yeenmgpilly, on Saturday last, on the body of Rudford Cbarlea Palmer, who was struck dead by lightning on tho previous day. The evidence of William Payne, a former, residing at Oxley Creek, showed that on Friday, about noon, the deoeased and he were working together on the bank of the ereek within right yards of one another. There came a very vivid flash of lightning, and immediately Payne looked up be saw the deoeased had been knocked down. He ran to him, and on taking him up beard him breathe onoe. De ceased had a strong smell of fire about him, but none of his clothes appeared to be soorched or injured in any other way. Neither was there any mark whatever on his body. He ware a Crimean shirt, cord trousers, felt hat, and a heavy pair of boots. The witness theught deceased must have been standing upright at the time he was struak, because be had fallen on hia back, end his hat was lying fully a ycud from blm. There were no trees near nim. Witness saw the lightning strike the ground just in front of hrm; the flash dazzled hie eyes for a few seoonds, but be frit no shook. Tbe deoeased was sringia man, twenty-'' four years of age, andhad been in the colony only eight months.' . Dahid Robert Harriq from labourer, corrobo rated to a certain extent the statement of the other witness. The jury gave sa their verdict, that tho deceased died through being struck by lightning. Attempt to Commit Suicide. — A young man, twenty two years of age, attempted te destroy himself by cutting bis throat with a raror, on Wedneeday. The miaeraHo deed was done at about 3 o'clook a.m., at a lodging-house in Prinoe-etreet ; the potioe were informed of the circum stance, and at 6 o'olock they procured his admission into the Infirmary, The stupid fellow has been a teaoher in a school in Sydney, but was lately dismissed oa account of his drinking propensities. There is reason to hope that he will get better of the injury. There are, it appears, 3220 collieries in Great Bri tain, and the number of men employed last rear was 307,5*2. . STHAwnuBRiES. — Aproposof strawberries, touching which there has been recently something said: in our columns, Sir William Maoarthur has kindly furnished us with a small basket full as a SAmplo of this year's produoe of the Mar guerite variety at Camden Park. The season has been sin gularly unfavourable for strawberries, but tbe sucoess -that has been achieved in spile of the drought, augurs well for ^ hat may be expected in future yesrs. Mr. M'Mahon, in elletter in Tuesday's Herald, draws attention to the fact that to Sir W. Maoarthur tbe colony is indebted for the im pertation of tbe Marguerite variety as well as of several others, and indebted to him also fer the generous diffusion of the plants. It ought to be, and probably is, a superfluous task to defend the honor of any member of the Maoarthur family in such a matter. They were acclimatisere before societies were thought of for undertaking the work. Fire on the South Hear Road.— A small fire occura-ed on Wednesday afternoon, at about 3 o'clock; on the premises occupied by John Bennett, confectioner ana baker, 181, South Head Road. Tho fire originated in a hayloft at the back of the place, and a few bales of bay only were destroyed. The fire was first seen by a young man in the employment of Mr. Uhde, whose shop is next door. But for tte timely discovery and prompt and enccesaful measures taken to subdue the flames, considerable damage was likely to have keen caused. It is not ascertained how tho fire originated ; the occupant of tbe promises is not insured. The superintendent and men of the Insurance Companies' Brigade and Auxiliary Fire Company were quickly in attendance, but luckily their services were net needed. Outrage in Caetlereagh-street. — Some handsome articles of furniture wore in course of delivery at the Vic toria Club on Tuesday morning, amongst others a card table in walnut. The carter left thia oni the pavement while be delivered some other article, and coming out found two of the seamen belonging to H.M.8. Curagoa seated on it. Hia request that they would get off it waa met by volleys of abuse, aud tbe mm (H.M.S.) proceeded to break the table to pieces, which they effectually did ; and there was no assistance at bend for the carter. Surely this is not a: 'freak' to be exoused. Found Drowned at the . Circular Quay. — On . W ednceday the Cite Coroner held an inquest at the Observer Tavern, Lower 'George-atoeet; . on ' view of the body of George Grey. Deoeased waa discovered by a waterman on Tuesday morning. His body was lying under water a few feet from the edge of the eastern side of the Circular Quay. There was a crane on the wharf near where the body woe fonnd, and it is considered probable that the unfortunate man stumbled from the platform into the water while under the influence of drink. He was a soldier in the Kit. Regiment, but had only lately returned from Cockatoo Island, where he underwent four years' imprisonment for repeated acts of desertion. He left the barracks at Pad dington on Monday evening at five o'clock, aud he was per fectly sober. Dr. Shaw deposed that Grey had died from suffocation by drowning, and he also thought that deceased had bom drinking. Jury's verdict: 'Deoeased, aged thirty-two years, was found drowned.' A Deserter Drowned. — The dead body of Robert M'Kinlay, a deserter from H.M.S. Curagoa, waa found floating in the water off Fort Maoqnarie on Wednesday. The corpse waa taken on board the Curaooa. Deceased was formerly a stoker on board the Salamander, but was trans ferred to the Curagoa about a year ago. He deserted, and on being retaken was kept a close prisoner on board the vessel; as snch he went m the ship on her recent cruise among the South Sea Islands. He and a coloured man named Tim Dollar were kept in irons on deck, and were shortly to have been tried by court martial. The sentinels in charge of the deck state that they examined both pri soners at twenty minutes past 8 o'clock on Monday night, when their irons were found to be securely fastened ; but at twenty minutes to 9 o'clock it was discovered that both prisoners were missing. The wind waa blowing pretty fresh on Monday night, and the men might have jumped into the water without a splash being heard; but they are said to have been so fastened that they could not walk about. A boat waa lowered and kept about the ship until 10 o'clock, but the fugitives were nowhere to be seen. There was no rope hanging on tbe outside of the ship. Dollar, it is said, was an ex cellent swimmer; no information of him baa been gained on shere, but it is quite possible he may have, for the present, made good his escape. When deceased's body was taken nnt of the water there waa a bundle ban pirn- to his neck, which was fastened with a comforter; the bundle contained a pair of boots- and a jacket, and the Wright of it was about fifteen pounds. On Wednesday the Coroner held on inquest on board the Curagoa respecting the unfortunate man's death. It was stated that there were a few slight marks on deceased's body, but they were not sufficient to csuee death. The surgeon of the Curaooa deposed that death hod resulted from asphyxia by drowning. Verdict 'Deceased, aged thirty years, waa found drowned.' An ' inquiry respecting the escape of the prisoners has been begun on board tbe Curagoa, but has not yet been finished. The Gold Discovery near Mount Royal. — Tho Singleton correspondent of tbe Mercury writes : — The pros pecting party which left Singleton last Saturday week has returned after an absence of nine days, but did actually only one day's work. Even this short trial, however, has proved that there are unmistakable signs of a good working gold-field in the neighbourhood where the party were pros pecting, namely in the galleys near the head of Stewart's Brook. Splendid coarse gold, having a water-worn appear ance, waa obtained by sinking abeut six feet. Amongst the small quantity of gold got by the party, and some of which w as shown to' us, were two small nuggets weighing nearly one pennyweight. The sinking is described as rather difficult, the heavy boulders abounding near the creeks, as well aa the constant dripping of water from the numerous springs on tho hill sides, causing much obstruction. The country is described ss splendid, and vary suitable for agricultural aetlement, tbe soil, even on the tops of the hills, being of a rich black description. Numerous herds of wild owneriess cattle, without brands, are abound ing in that neighbourhood, but ere easy to be got at, and the Singletoniana had killed two beasts while up there. The party intended to make for the head of the Barrington River, bnt . could not get any further on aocount of tho heavy rains whioh fell there during last week, whioh made it very difficult fer them to ascend the high intervening range; and on aocount of business engagements in Single ton several of the party oould not stay any longer, and the whole of them therefore returned to town. When the Singletoniana left Stewart's Brook, a party of six experienced miners had arrived from the Denison diggings, and stated their intention to sluice the creeks and guUies in the neigh bourhood systematically and thoroughly. Tha newest and best road to the new diggings is stated to be from Singleton via St. Clair and Razorbach, across (be Mount Royal Range to Stewart's Brook; a distance of about fifty miles, which oan be easily aoonmplianed with packhoraee from Singleton in two days. We have been informed that a party of four well-known Maitlanders (M'FhereoB's) have for several months past been at work quietfy in the mountainous region between the Barrington and Burnett Rivera, but the exact locality where the party is at work oould not be ascertained, as they obtain their supplies from the Manning. .Several partisa are goiRg to leave Singleton during the present week ' for the new (jygings in the nrighbonrhood ef Stewart's Brook. ' , The Crops at Gundaoal — The Gundagai cor respondent of the Tost Courier says :— The continuous dry weather iq beginning to effect seriously the prospects of many 'of our formers. Upon the Coolac end Muttema Creeks, and indeed upon forest ground generally, nothing but a timely rain can save the crops from ruin. Upon the river flats they still look green and vigorous. Tbe grass is in many places growing prematurely yellow. Along the dusty tracks it has perished off as in the heat of summer ; and the speculative gentleman who proposed to do such wonders in exporting beef from Australia had better turn his etiartfon to importing a little for our benefit. Alas, the month wWftea at the recollection of what tbe Murrnmbidgee could oncepnfiace, but not at that we ere accustomed to see upon our teHes now. As our digestive organs have contrived to bolt tha bullocks, it is to be hoped our butchers will not he frying it on next with the drays. Suspicious Occurrence at Reedy Creek. — The Vast Courier reports :— On Sunday last, information reached town that the body of a shepherd in the employ of Mr. Jeremiah Lehane, of Coppabrila, had been found dead in one of the water- holes in Reedy Creek. The circum stances connected with the discovery of the body are some what suspicions, and have led to the supposition that the deceased came by his death in a fonl manner. The par ticulars as yet to hand are very meagre. It would appear that deceased, whose name we believe was Goss, together with two other men, was employed in shepherding ana watching at an out station of Mr. Lehane's, near where the body woe found. For some time past Goss bad often been threatened by one of the two men, and we understand that on one oc casion thin man, holding a clasp knife in his hand, made some remarks as to its point not bring sharp enough or he would run it into the bowels of deceased. It la also stated that on another oocarion the man struck Goss a blow on the back of the head. However, incorrect as these details may be, it seems certain that deceased had on many occasions re ceived ill treatment from the other man. Towards the close oflastweek, the exact day has not reached us, Goss left the hut es usual after some wrangling on the part of his tor mentor. He did not return that night, nor did he do so on the next. The other man in the hut became alarmed, and said to bis companion that it would be best for them to ap prise Mr. Lehane of the circumstance. His companion, however, did not appear willing to prosecute any search, re marking in a brutal manner that perhaps the ? had drowned himself. Information was, however, given at Coppabella cottage, and a search instituted. Young. Mr. Lehane and cms of the two men prosecuted this, and in one of the holes in Reedy Creek the body of deceased was found. It is further stated that dose to the hole there was a stick found on which there was fresh blood. The Aphis.— Large quantities of the aphis (says the Tats Courier) , have shown themselves in the vegetable gardens in end about Yeas. Thay are represented to cover in myriads the young vegetables that are struggling against ? the attacks, of drought. The weather stffl continues dry. Gome small quantity of rain has fallen in town since our last publication, and we learn that on Monday there was a slight shower between here and Goulbnm. The oountry about the Gap range presents a blackened appearanoe, tho grass shrubs having been totally consumed by fire* Rain Wanted.— Though we have suffered several atmospheric changes binoe Saturday tail; in tha shape of hot and high winds, and a murky sultriness on Monday night, which waa very oppressive, and during which t& barometer fell very rapidly, not adrop of rain has yet fallen in the district of Bathuref. A strong wind arose again on Tuesday tetm the north-west, and brought up some heavy clouds, but appearances have tfflhertobeeu so deceptive that no epeoulaUon can now be ventured upon by tha moat experienced of the weather- wiae, wwipy degree of oan fldkoe,— Bathurot ZfeMfc, . Curious Fact in Natukal History.— The oranral ? trees of this colony have been subject to many adv«M I influences. Sometimes they have suffered from blight ud ? drought. At others they have been roughly treated I flying foxes and peccant bipeaa. but a new enemy waa dia- ? covered a few days ago on tho estate of Mr. Josenhaan I M.L.A., at Newtown. One of Mr. Josephaou's gardener! I observed that a tree in the middlo of the oraagery vu ? robbed day by day. The rinds were left empty ou tha ? ground, each having a circular piece cut out about the si™ I of a florin. There were also strewn about some of the young leaves and render branches. A close inspection was made of the tree, and among ita topmost branches was discovered a clump of leaves and twigs, contrininz a pair of sleek rate, of a glossy slate oolour. Muoh has bees written in defence of rats in view of the sanitary rendition of thickly inhabited towns. These orange-eaters, however were killed, it not being thought desirable to encourage a new variety, especially when there was a probability that it might multiply aa rapidly, as the brown rats, now com monly known, which, within a few years of importation from tbe East, took possession of the sewers, and extermi nated their sable predecessors, School Annivebsaky.— On (ha 17th instant, tha annual commemoration of the opening of the new Christ Cburch Schoolrooms, built by Mr. Mort, trek place at % p.m. A large number of friends of the institution were present. The proceedings were opened with the appointed service, including 'the strain of praise' from Chope't hymn book, sung by the children. At the ronoliiiiion iha Benediction was pronounced by Bishop Pattoaon. Tha prizes were then distributed by Mrs. Mort. The presenoeot Bishop Patlcson, who a second time within a week addressed the children, made the occasion one of peculiar interest not soon to be forgotten. The Rev. W. Stack and Mr. A. Gordon, Chancellor of the diocese, spoke also in terms of unqualified approval of the results of the system pursued in (he school. Tire regret caused by the unavoidable absenos of Mr. Mort was in some degree abated by the reading of a letter from him, in which be expressed his deep interest and sympathy with, the proceedings, and by the announcement, through Mrs. Mort,* that the 'Fonhders Prize' of £5 to the most deserving boy waa to be awarded «» usual. The suc cessful candidate on tbis occasion was Tho'mas Wilson. . It is right to ' add that since the opening of Mr. Morfs buildings, the numbers of the children have increased in a ratio which would have been impossible but for his munis* cence. The school band attracted much notice. It has been long under the able and careful instruction of Mr, Wilson, whs gives his services gratuitously. At the close of the day an entertainment, semi musical and semidra matic, was given in the large schoolroom by the members of the band, to whose talent and energetic perseveranos \ ample testimony was borne by a crowded aud delighted ou- 1 dience. j Shock op an Earthquake ? at Aemiuale.— The j Artnidale Examiner of 14th says : — About a quarter before 7 i a m. on Monday a phenomenon was heard, and its effecte felt, by a large proportion of the inhabitants of Armidala , end persons at other places. The Bhock was very brief, I not testing more than two or three seconds. The report, it - was evident to almost all who heard it, waB not in the air, i but appeared to be either npon or beneath the earth. In : moet cases it waa compared to the neiee which the passage of a very large and heavily loaded dray at a short distance would occasion, and some persons who were indoors be lieved it to be produced by such a dray till informed to the I contrary. The disturbance of the earth apparently was net equal in all places, some heuses being viol ostly shaken, whila ; in others it was perceived only by the rattling of tbe windows, : or some such Blight indication. i Two Men Found Drowned in Lake Macquaeie.— i It becomes my painful duty to inform yon of the death, by i drowning, of two men whe, till the time of their death ^ resided in tile neighbourhood of Shingle Splitter's Point, Lake Macquarie. From the information which I have been able to gather, it would appear that the two i men, named Armitage and Collins, were in the act of crossing from one point of the lake to another, i when, by some fortuitous aud unexplained cause, the boat partially upset; and the unfortunate men j were thrown out, which led to the melancholy result. i Armitage was a man of years, the other was but a young i man, and we hear -was the support of a large family, who now mourn their loss. The accident occurred nearly three weeks since, but the bodies were not recovered till the be ginning of tbi» week. When found, the bodies were much mutilated and unsightly from bumping and beating against the rocks. They had floated several miles from the place - where the accident happened, one bring found at Bury Your Own Island, the other two miles farther at Wangde Point. — Correspondent of the Maitiand Entign A Generous Deed. — It will doubtless be in tberecol- \ lection of our readers that about twelve mouths ago wa i published a very affecting narrative concerning a girl, and . two boys, the eldest not eight years old, children of James \ Duff, a miner, who wandered into the bush, and were lost for eight days, and that when found one of the children had i divested itself of clothing to protect the youngest, a mere babe, from the rain and cold. Such self-sacrificing lore hae not passed unnoticed, for a gentleman of genius, Mr. P. Daniel, of New Bond-street, London, has prepared a testimonial in parian china, of ringnter beauty, descrip tive of the incident, and which is explained in the following; inscription, engraved on the frame :— 'Presented to Jeannie Duff, 1866, by one whose eyes never saw her, but who by this memorial would express his heartfelt ad miration of the self-sacrificing love and devoted care erinoed by her towards her little brother, during their woeful wan dering for right long day a and right sad nights when lost in j the Australian bush, without a guide, without a guard, ex cept their God.' There is something very beautiful in the generous tribute here paid. Nothing oould be more truthful and tender, and great credit te due to the eminent individual who has so condescendingly and appropriately acknowledged an act of humanity that can seldom occur.— Tumut and Adelong Times. I Cattle Stealing. — Writing on the 11th instant, the ? Windeyer correspondent of the Western Post says :-k)nr sergeant and trooper Ferry have been absent all the week after cattle stolen from Mr. C. Whitfield, and the latest in telligence is that they snooeeded in apprehending three men, — one of them known as Jemmy the Butcher, formerly ia i the employ of Mr. S. Tucker. They also succeeded in getting three bead of the cattle, and three hides of others, which have been identified as the property of Mr. Whitfield. There is no doubt but that other parties may be brought in, aa being accessories to the robbery. One of them is quite a : youth, and it is expected he will come out with a little mere than te known aa yet. The prisoners are at present oon- ; flpal in the Tambaroora lock-up. Great praise ia due to the police for the in which they tracked the delin quents, whioh was a matter of no small difficulty, si they, j m order to destroy all traces, burned the bush after them. I The Season and Crops.— The Armiiale Express of \ Saturday says :— On Tuesday evening there was a little rain, accompanied with lighbung, and on Wednesday a ..euceesrion - of thunderstorms, with light rain for several bonis. Yesterday forenoon jhere was also a thunderstorm, giving a furiiMLJafflHtetv roofstUra, and the weather promises to The rain was preceded by AVOT_befcrtft*PlB38*6teSatiirday the thermometer in-dooteromeMid 79. 'IMfaJBhaspringing rapidly, and the wheat cibp looks feetfiw tiiriCxSH te.tely. alihoaguwe are aorry tCnear that the aphis nah -spread very much, among some -esriy wheat in pertfrntei; -during the put fortnight. ' So for aa we can learn from vtuinnz localities ia the district, there te as yet no sign of . rust. It is stated that somrsnov fell on.the hither ranges ajfew miles from town, . ^ 'snakes.— The Yass Courier says:—1 'Thewarinsnd dry weather is bringing out the fLa from their winter quarters, and they friw Wfttnfap yinmarnqg flbflitt thewafef* 9 holes ana tacks of rivers* On8imday lastavery UfR«opB of tho carpet species waa kilted by Mr. A. Carter, of Btiah ranger Flat, close to the Hnmrmbidgee. On opening it there were twenty-one eggs discovered. / Petrified Trees, Sc. — A petrified tree and specimens have been found (says the Geelong Advertiser) Jn the Golden Horn claim, at a depth of 268 feet. It ia a vitriated leg, taken from a fossil tree about four fee t in diameter. Pieaes of the foesilieed tree examined by the microscope glisten uke a cluster of diamonds. In the same claim, at a depth of 200 feet, several frogs, embedded in bluestone, have been dis interred, of a green yellow colour, without any signs of month or respiratory organs. Effects of the Drought. — The drought euD con tinues, and from every quarter come tales of dying cattle and perishing crops. It waa stated in town oa Tuesday that on Thursday night both at Tarlo and Taralga rain fell rather copiously. It is to be hoped that such was the esse. About 6 o'clock yesterday there was every appearanoe of m immediate shower of rain ; but this unhappily passed ou, and at the time of writing there are no such indications,— Ooulburn Herald of Wednesday. Tasmania,— Of the harvest prospects in Tasmania, foe Mercury of the 11th instant reports:— 'This seuwntiie crops in the Drioraine, Mersey, Table Cape, andCircuar Head districts premise well, and everywhere there is the appearance of a plentiful grain harvest. Wheat has torn sown tersely. ''3 potato planting is now at its highest ^.fte grass lands nave beuefited much by the lite rains, and farming matters generally wear a more lively aspect than for Borne time past.' The same journal etatea that quartz-crushing ia about to be prosecuted vigorously at Fingal. We find the folio wing paragraph on the subject :— 'The inauguration of quartz-crushing companies in Fingal district is already reviving trade, and (he township, on Saturdays particulturly, wears quite a busy aspect. At Mangana the erection of machinery is progress111? rapidly, and in about six weeks from now the Frngai Quartz Crushing Company's Works will be in full opera tion. Already s large quantify of quartz has been taken from several portions of Downuig's Reef in all of w™ch gold can be traced. The mill in course of erection is being put together in a most substantial manner — all the lateeband moet approved scientific and mechanical applianoea bring /eBortec to regardless of trouble or coat. The marager, s practical man, speaks highly of tho reef, which he.iz- work- ing in four different places. For the Union Company tra loads of stores arrived on Friday, from Launceston; snhu report be true, their ground isto be opened up without**^ of time. The erection of a public- house, butahers shop, and sundry stores at Mangana has imparted, to the weens bush quite a town-like appearance.' Fever.— The Queensland Times of Ba'.-urday tens met a report was prevalent on the previous 'i»y that feveroi a dangerous nature hod broken out in the Immigration On inquiry we found That several ernes of fever at P*0*0?, exist In that establishment, but t\ae symptoms aw not e a serious character, the form bring' that of simple fever ' How do you do, sare i ' said a Frenchman to 8» English acquaintance. ' ' Rather poorly, thank you, answered the other. ' Nay, my dear sare, eaid w Frenchman, 'don't thanx me for your fllneu-* oannothelp it.' 