FACES IN THE CROWD. Nowhere is there suet diversity in feminine costume as at the theatre. Some go in positive ball costume, in low necks and all their shoulders given liberally to the.public 5 and some go in high morning, gowns, which would be tidy enough for 3naking pies and puddings in, but which is scarcely what we deem conventionally fit for a theatre. What queer head-dresses too we see! bushtls of artificial flowers Scattered over some, as if Covent Garden fca i been ransacked for the night's display, anil some with rows of beads like gaolors chains j some with fuzzy heads like the African portraits in poor Speke's book-— a mass of cQinbed«out tow standing a yard or so from tiie head; and some tfith a few ra?s,-i*Us pinned up any how and Without a doe legard for ends; whut others have rich, wavy, luxuriant ringlets, glossy, sleek, and oright'in hue as well as sheen—great heavy masses of warht^young tresses, which make one long to run one's fingers through," and smooth and caress, as one would the plumage of a lovely bird. And when women have this glorious gifc of nature they are wise to leave it in its beauty unadulterated, and to eschew Covent Garden and gaolers' beads alike, trusting only to gloss and colour. Then there are tbe great guns in the stalls and •the great; guss in the private boxes people who seem to think that they do the Slace and the audience undoubted honour y appearing there at all, and who look bored and out -of tone nil the time, as if they were ruining after pleasure in an express train never stopping, and could sot catch it after ail ; and th-re are 'dashers* and <prancers/ and young Jew esses and old, radiant, rainbow4ike and gorgeous—and the young ones gloriously hancsome; and there are sn^bs by the score, qoiet or nr-i?y, EC5ording to tempe rament, but snobby all the same and never to be mistaken for anything else. There is ore snob among them more painful than offensive—that is the man who is . undetermined about his own appearance and aspirations beyond his status. And he is an infliction. Desirous of looking and moving and having his outward being on the model of the .London swell, be i*; in a fever about his coat and bis tie his gloves, and goes through half a -do^ea ph a?es of satisfaction «r despair; according ] to whatifce sees in the stalls or private boxe?. For when men do take up this kind of thing they carry it further than women, and intensify the weakness. What pretty girls!—Greek profiles and ties retrousss, -pale and florid, black, brown, gold, and Warmer auburn, theie they sit in the front rows like a bed of flowers all scarlet and white and blue, and it is worth while coming to the play if only to watch their lovely faces. The youth of English girls—fur ^ there are stiges in girlhood, even before We come to the time- when women are ' old girls* by right—the 6sst early blush and bloam of an English girl is something as like divine as humanity can attain. It is not only in the colour and form, though both of these are so lovely, but in the shy, unspoken, undeve* loped nature Jyi^g, like a sleeping child ^ within the heart; . in the love that never has been awakened, and that is just faintly stirring in the soul, unconscious of its p irn impri'Oued life; in the instincts that would blush for themselves were they roused to confession and self-knowledges it is in ail this sweet antt tender mystery of natuie, this union of love and bashful ness, that the charm of tbe yoing English girl cur sis is, and that gives her beauty such winning witchery. And this is what you tnay read in those lovely fa e* m the front row whether the Saxon has left his maik on the golden h-ad or tie Celt bis oa the ebon. Other races are more loving in their women, more instinctive, aaa inore alluring; and some ate as shy; ball do not know where there is the same mixture of .both—-the same sweetness of znodesty and the s ma tenderness of love at one tiuie.. li there is a fault to find or a s'OEe to iiing it is that ft, is early bloom of soul so soon passes ~itk that though are $o trader, English WQiuea are so often hard, and that the richness of the young love dries up and impoverishes and stiffe&s; into "absolute coldness. I fling ibeae stones with a,. very feeble stingy $ud do not desire to hie even a ghost. A young man, tall, beautiful, and giaad sits ttich his wiie,tall, beautiful, and grand. They look like pictures cut out of a panel,und are amongthe most striking of the audience. ¥oung and' handsome, they might be taken ior niiie-. teeuth (Cenimy Venus and Mars, or per* haps by hig; profession, Apollo. I iise to see those young weU-tictiug cauples! Mea ami women jnarryiug in their degiee and mating, not oniy marrying, are some thing for men and angels U> aumire ; but men and women mismai<ihed-—-like that pale, nervous, undersized, unmanly little Itillow in the stal.s, with his magnidceat like a grenadier in petticoats, by hb,. side—are tLings tj be anything but admired* 'What on earth brought those t«"o.iat> such onesided bonds'{ \Vhat see in that miserable little uiouse, lookiag like an unhappy tailor in his Sunday best ? —and qras he not afraid oi being swept away iuto annihilation altogether by thai petticoats* and the msj^nMcejce, audthe well-developed inches of the lady'{ I do think that some women like to iiave hus* bands as much inferior to themselves as they can manage to obtain—~lap«dog husoands, black-boy husbands, lady's maid and footmen husbands, Ippendages to their state, things that they own and command, like their .son's tutor or like the family grocer. But as- iov any real wifehood in such a marriage, or any Teal kusbaudhood, by viriue ot the Calmer judgment, c^e wider jstringihjtiit; dearer vie»® which :-LQui<i belong to thas con dition 1 duii'i; believe it j lliat iniSvsrubio little 'ct^^re has t lmea uoaghs like a' pound cf tea may Uave besn bought, or a sew brougham, or aryta*uJj e^ejUseiql or proper for her ■coiiQitiou i aui. my lady parades her purchase tiefcetpd, and tniuks# poor daft body, that it becomes her, and io all the more becoming- the more insolently | paraded* Another couple show fairer ma-j iage lines, if not quite so perfect as j Venus or Mars there. He is older thaa i she, a trifle withered, indeed, bat evidently j doting, fond, and blessed j she is Q son * mossy* woman^without an. .angle ia mind or body, a loving, caressing, sweet* tempered, pliant thing,. jb?*®' make a man happy and ol peace. She could ^^ she were, ill- treated she tftf^ac^-^she could not scold, she eoiilA i|^,<^i|^",h«reelC she could not fight, a very heavy strain; but she can love aiid yi$ld, and smile, and sing, and'she" can*smo6th her husband's- path ot life, and Strew it with rase leaves an inch thick. And a Woman who can do this naturally, and; without strain or sacrifice, • ii a woman with a mission which many another ©f more high-sounding talents might ehVy. Then there is an .artist, all hair and oddity—with something wrong about his boots and with gloves .that d«> not fit j indeed, the hand? do not seem made for gloves at all j and near Uim another artist, ofllv to be discerned as such by a certain " indefinable picturesqueness—-a colour or a fold—chat doss not degenerate into oddity, nor leave him other than a hig'li-.Ured gentleman of the true conven tional ling* which, mind yoii, when not narrow, tnd in iron-ribbed stays, i§ not sUch H bad type after alii - Near them is a literary woman. I know it by her faoe j bf this deep line between her eyebrow* and down the sides of her mouth j by the watchful eyes, that see everything and re flect on allV and by the painful crisping of her lips when the outward world fades awav from before her, and the inner world of thought and remembrance surges' past. She has had' a hard Land-to*liand struggle with difficulties; perhaps is in the thick of the fight yet; and the very faculty which gives her bread makes tae; toil cf the sowing aud the Iteat.of the reaping all the harder and the heavier— the JacUlty of suffering, which leads her sympathy and insight. Slie is a history in herself. I can read in her face, as in an open book, the words of that Ioag cherisbed passionate love, which turned at last into as passionate despair j l ean read the footprints of dead hopes, which have ploughed their way across her brow: I can set} where the. tears of cesolation and the fire of outraged pride have crossed each others patbs—wlii'w prejudice liung .,Ce bran i that marked, ana slaadey another thai — wiiere the euemy struck, ar.d yhere iiie i'rieu l aeaied; ior did she not sei Lerieif as a mark for others* blows, coiuiug oas of her safe obscurity and nsakivi^'Lersiif a target for flving 3|T05vs? AH wo aeu do tiiut who take a pub'ic life, aad sit on tiie threshold or their hopes and not witaiu the chimney corner ! But I see, with my literary friend before me, how, though she has lived a long life of suffering and experience, albeit in the pride of her natural age, she has still left within her the pawer uf love, and the capacity for yet iurther sorrow. When the love lias gone out of her the cunning of her hand mil have departed/ and she will sink into the dust and ashes of the grave, together with other dead and soulless things. Whom elfij have we? Ilea with the wives they do not love, and men with the wives they dp! and mea wit'i wives not their own, a-id others w-i'h women who are no wives to any; tnea who are engaged to the girls sitting by them, and men who are only flirting and nibbling; men with women to whaa^they are profoundly indifferent in every way, but going just as, an escort, and bemuse they ' might as wellj' gr4mt batches of' friends making up a * party* for the thca .re j men like dog^ mea like birds, aud some like horsed, and a lew like apes; curly me a wi^h great brown beards all in rings, and brown hair ail in waves j smooth meb, made up of sftaight lines set in at right.^ eagles | old taea3 imd bald raei^ aad grey men, and black wiggy men, and wiiy, men; stout men, with an 'aefeaga «£ w&i;$&oar;,a „d lean meii qf die grasshopper order,like were outlines of men ; ^awfifa men of all ranks; and family men* (feel eaniej ;6ne joriaMooking men, with jnag«] nificent hea -b, deep chafe, and an air ot snpreaie command, not assumed but] inuate; and ugly little scamps not worth their salt; and a tew intellectual heads,) with i'acts as calm and passionless as so many statues—the f^css ot men looking at lite iram a distance, but art interning* j ling* All these, and many mora/are td be seen among tbe crowd; and ! ask yoiftj are they not belter to watch than Hies ■/—* and is it not of more interest to read their lives and characters than to make a stupid hortus siccus, or stick pins into aspliyx iatdd<i^otus and blades ? -Tamjle Bar. 