A YANKEE'S NOTION. Tf» TIIK VniTITU Sirree— Bern' of Yankee oregin I natrally takes a good deal 0' intirist in everythin' that concarns the peepie. Tharfore it was I attinded the eleeh shin meetin at White's Room on Mnml.-iv ovpnin at me same tune wishm to see how the crate Ainirican exomple is fullered out in thssc here parts. To the etarnal shame and confooshin of the kolonial arkiteck as desinud that mussell shell of u place 1 most confess that nivvr a blessed word kood 1 hear from anybody but tlie enlightened audyauce thimselves, who were a-jabberiu round me at sixes and sivens the whole time, as if they had kom to kompeet wi' the kaudidates instade o' to listen to 'cm. Whot the kandidatcs did say is nr'aps of no grate konsiquence, for most on 'em peared to me, from their gestikilashms and general novly-kotched aspect, to be fitter for whot ye yalls hereaway Deestrick Kounsels than for the rale upper crust legislation. One of *em, now Komever, had the rite kind o' lungs and such a bellyfull 0' bunkum that it ran out of him like ile from a petroleum spring in the Far West. Ilia spootin was prutty much to my mind — the geniwine tram-atlantik artikel which you, Mister i£ditor, most know is t!:e very best aitik-.l goin'. In many pa U it brot to my rikollec:ion a faytnous address which a sartin friend 0' miue, frpfessor Ayre, of Massachusetts, onst hail tin onir of deleeverin from the bon of his travelliu' uijj in Lowell, where he was a starrin' it with his nooly-invented pill-. On lookin' over the report of tuat address, which 1 keep alays in my left hand trousers-pocket a- a iu valyble jem of litterytoor, I found that this here colonyal star had been a borrowin of his idees from his grate Amerikin prototipe. 1 inclose an e&jstract; from the Lowell producshin; just com pare it with your oun friend's, Mr. JSditur, and tell us what's what. Yours, &c;, YANKEE DOODLE. From Professor Ayre's speech at Lowell on his newly-invented Constitutional Pills. 'We air a grate peepie, Uintlemin, and no mistake. To add to our nayshoual repu tashin 1 have jist invented for ye a noo kind of pill which L. on my koushence as an itinerint profisser of medisin, can ashoor you is the most agreeable, most univarsal, most eefectual, and most ee-konoinikal artikel ever known. It's only been a year or two before the public, and already holds a 'prominint posishon.' Nothin' in the world kan koinpare with it for seeinplicity and cheepniss. This here small bottle that I now have the onir to hold in my han»i kontanes three duzin of my faymous constitooshiual pills- sugar coated to soot all kind of poleetlkul palates. Ao elektir snood go to the pole without one. It will koor billyous diseases urisin' from eating' too much chape grass. It will koor roomuttsm from b;ul Road Bills. It will koor kostiveness in the agricultural popylashon by giving them an outlet For their surplus energy. It will remove all skin diseases caused by restribhins on trade. It will make wheezy asthmatik linances as boyant and brisk as a five- year-old hoss. It will check liver complaints by keepiu' your minds easy. It will purify the blood by eddikayshuu bills, Loonatik Assy him bills, eggsitera. You wont need to be afraid of appoplekay any more, for my kon stitoozhnial pills will secure toyoufreedistillashin, and when you're troubled with nervousness about furrin invashins, jist sprinkel a leetle of thu 'cheiry pectoral' round your hearths and homes, and next uioruin' you will find it lias developed into a military road with a hah! a duzin Dohlgreu guns to deefeid it. ''Uintlemin, you have nuthing to fear from usin' of this here medisin. It. kontaues nomerkury, nuthin inlhmunjtory, and is veerykomi'laysintin its operashun. It will work in one hour, or two hours, or three hours, jist as you wish. It will ope rate on the stomak, or the bowels, or the brain, or the big toe, whichever you like. Diseases past, prasent, and footurc come ail the same to it. Speslilly adapted for varyabie klimates, and for elderly females. I am aveery frank, strateforard man, and don't wish to have no sekrets. Some ov ye maybe wish to know what this here medisin is made of. Wall, jrintlernin, it kontanes two prcencipal in greeugents, and I'll show ye in the ghost of a minnit how its made up. 1 take here two parts of a sartin poleetical powder kalled lotaxiko and five parts of another queer substance known as tandfandika. Now, Sirree, you spit in my hand— not in your own, mind— and j mix the two ingreedaents so, till they are of the same konsistency as that useful poleetical artikel 'soft soap.' There! the thing is done! Step up gintlemin, andinspeck this most reinaikable anil eckouomical medisin. It does to swallow in pills, or to rub on the skin, or to take after dinner for a tonic, but at ekkshins it is absolootly in valyble The price of this re- markable and eekenornical dis^ kovery is only twenty-five and tenpence a box rent of assylvon, flagstones, and all inklooded. In New South Wales they have to pay for the very same artikel £1 15s. 3d. a box; by-and-by the price there will be made three guineas, even money. In Victoria it costs £1 5a. 3d. a box; to be raised to £2 8s. 9d. In Queensland the price is £tljs.4d.; and in Western Australia it is not to be had for love nor money. Gintlemin, I have taken a fancy to this here place of yourn, and would like to do you a good turn. Jist say a pound for the box, and Fin your man. You'll niver have such a chance again. Hand up your votes, please!' 