MARRIAGES AMONG THE BLACKS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AGE. SIR,—It may interest some of your readers to know that the establishment of the blacks at Coran- derrk, Upper Yarra, continues to prosper. Since my former letter appeared in your columns in August last, only one has died. His name was Koolin, a married adult, one of the Mount Franklin blacks, who, by bad habits formed previously to his joining the settlement, brought upon himself deep- seated disease, which in spite of remedies,issued in his death. To show the superior sanitary cha- racter of the settlement, it is sufficient simply to state that during 1864 there were only two deaths, and one of them was by accident, out of a com- munity of sixty-six, while the births exceeded the deaths by two ; whereas, during the same period in some localities, the mortality among the wandering blacks has been as high as ten out of forty, or one out of every four, i. e. 25 per cent. It is hardly possible to convey by the pen a proper idea of the success which has attended this effort on behalf of the poor abori- gines. Every stranger who visits the station is struck with astonishment at what he sees and hears of the children of the bush. Their neat, com- fortable and well arranged dwellings, the order and peace maintained among them, the comparative in- dustry manifested in fencing, cultivating and wood- splitting, the entire absence of that clamorous gib- berish which is generally heard in the camps of the wild blacks, the constant attendance of both old and young at school, and, above all, their regularity in coming to public worship, night and morning, during the week, and four times every Lord's day, may well fill every Christian mind with wonder and joy. Under the wise and able superintendence of Mr Green, who is Government inspector of the blacks throughout the colony, and who of his own choice, acts as evangelist and missionary at this settlement on the Badger, the blacks move on with regularity, peace and contentment, at once improving their farm and making both educational and reli- gious progress. The Government stores are dis- tributed twice a week, and it is left in some measure to themselves to say what they require, according to the number in their families; and the confidence which Mr Green reposes in them has an excellent moral effect. They feel honoured by being trusted. Hence, they are afraid to show themselves unworthy of confidence by unreasonable or greedy demands. It is the most economical plan for the stores, and the blacks cannot find room for grumbling, while they must needs eke out the Government supplies by five days' labor and one day's hunting in the week. In proof of the happy moral and religious influence under which, by the grace of God, the blacks have been brought, I need only mention the fact that the store-room is situated in the very heart of the camp, that there is neither lock nor key on the door, and yet that nothing is ever stolen. This might appear incredible to many who know the covetous propensities of the natives generally, like those of all uncivilised and unchristianised countries. Never- theless, my statement in regard to the Badger's Creek community of blacks is nothing more than plain fact. During the three years this month since the founding of this establishment, there has been only one case of petty theft. A severe lecture was given them on the occasion, the sin and shame of the act were forcibly pointed out, the threat was expressed that a lock and key would require to be put on the door, and then every stranger who visited the place might learn that they were not to be trusted. They were deeply ashamed, and earnestly pleaded that a lock and key might not be put on, and the offense would not again be committed. From that time they have kept their word. Speaking the truth and honesty are distinguish- ing features in the character of both old and young. Where is the white community, I may ask, of which so much could be said ? The attachment of the blacks in this place to settled life has been of late pretty well put to the test. Their first crop of wheat was destroyed by the great flood of December, 1863. Their second crop had just been sown, when the flood of July last year visited them, and washed away a considerable por- tion of the seed. The remainder sprung up and gave good promise for a time, and then became blasted by the rust and was ruined. And now their stability is further severely tried. The Govern- ment supplies have, during the last six weeks or so been completely exhausted, and, in spite of all the anxieties and efforts of the Board for the Protection of the Aborigines, no more rations could be obtained till the annual grant was put on the estimates in the usual way, and passed by Parliament. What was to be done ? There seemed no other prospect than that of breaking up the settlement, at least for a time, and inflicting serious injury on this most promising experiment with the poor blacks. The idea of dismissing them to their camp life in the bush again, giving the teacher his leave, stopping the education both of old and young, scattering the children, the great pro- portion of whom are orphans, or next to orphans, without either black or white to care for them, and thereby undoing the work of civilisation so happily going forward, has been painful in the extreme to the friends who feel a lively concern for the pros- perity of the establishment, and not less trying to the blacks themselves. These dangers and disasters have not yet been tided over, and they are just struggling on as best they can. The trial has brought out clearly their disinclination to return to a wandering life, their desire to live in a settled community, and their ap- preciation of the privileges they enjoy in being trained to civilised and Christian habits. Surely it is possible for Government to prevent, in time to come, the peril of such a dire catastrophe as is at present hanging over the settlement. Why should Parliament grudge a liberal supply to the miserable remnant of the natives, after we have not only taken from them the rich and beautiful country we enjoy, but, by European vice, cruelty, and crimp, have wasted them till they are well nigh consumed ? There are certainly gentlemen in the present Government and House of Assembly who have generosity, Christian feeling, and a sense of honor sufficient to induce them to put a few hundred pounds more than heretofore on the estimates for the aborigines, were it for no other reason than to enable the board to do every thing in their power to insure the success of the highly promising experi- ment at Coranderrk. It would be a deep disgrace and a lasting stain on our national character if such a cheering effort were blasted for want of public funds. This experiment is not presented as a beautiful theory merely. It is a thing of results. It exhibits an amount of good already achieved, which affords a guarantee that any amount of libe- rality on the part of Parliament shall not be thrown away. To see their habits, from day to day at tending school under Mr Serpell, the teacher, plod- ding away as the adults especially require to do, striving to acquire the elements of a foreign tongue, able to read and spell monosyllables only, after the training of a good few months, under difficulties which it is not easy for an Englishman to con- ceive, is quite sufficient to prove the duty of affording the most liberal encouragement in the power of Parliament. About sixteen men and big lads may be seen meeting one hour and a half every morning, learning out of their little books of lessons, and never seeming to weary. There are two classes of them. In the first class there are nine reading the second book. Some of the oldest find it a very hard matter to make progress, and are in the first book. They are doing a little too in arith- metic. Some are simply making figures—others are doing sums in simple addition. All are writing, and some do a fair round hand. They are able, also, to pick up with considerable ease, and to sing psalm and hymn tunes. The number of adults at present on the teacher's list is twenty-four, and the average attendance is likely to be higher in future, in consequence of the additions that have recently been made to the settled blacks. A new feature in the history of the settlement transpired on Friday, the 24th ult., in the uniting of two couples in matrimony alter the Christian fashion. This was the first case in which any marriage of the kind has taken place among these blacks, and it is, doubtless, to be regarded as another evidence of the triumph of the Gospel of Christ Jesus over their na- tural ignorance, superstition and degradation. I may state that the Christian celebration of marriage was not forced upon them. It was their own de- cided choice, and was, I believe, heartily engaged in in testimony of the homage they now pay to Chris- tianity. One of the men who were married is, we have every reason to believe, a real Christian. He belongs to the Yarra tribe, is reserved in his manner, slow of speech, and not able to express, particularly in our language, all that he expe- riences of Divine truth ; but from the clear expressions of his mind given from time to time, from his excellent disposition, and from his consistent conduct extending over a num- ber of years, there is no reason to doubt the genuine- ness of his piety. His love to the Saviour, his prayerful spirit, his regard for the Sabbath, and his marked attachment to all that is good, show him to be a disciple of Jesus indeed. His name is Wil- liam Barak. He has been a widower three years, and is now married to Annie from the Lower Mur- ray, and there is every prospect of their being very happy together. The other two are Peter Wirry, a young black, and Eliza, a widow, who has been trained to domestic duty, as well as Annie and the other grown-up girls under Mrs Green. Although the latter couple have not yet given clear and de- cided evidence of conversion, yet their attendance at school and at morning and evening worship indi- cate a renunciation of heathenism and an acceptance, so far, of Christ as their teacher. The marriage was celebrated in the schoolroom, in the presence of eighty blacks, young and old, and thirty-seven whites. A number of blacks were standing outside listening. These would not enter, not because they disapproved of the marriage, but simply because they were under the spell of a native superstition. They belonged chiefly to the unsettled Goulburn tribe. They came only on a temporary visit, to see their friends, to be present at the marriage, and, after a short stay, to return to the Goulburn. Some of these, then, were under that heathen charm, whereby the mother of a girl who has been promised in marriage by the father dare not see the intended son-in-law, and he cannot look on his prospective mother-in-law. Both must shun each other's presence for fear of some sudden calamity. Hence the reason why some of these wandering blacks dared not appear at the wedding. With this explanation, I may say, the entire number of the blacks at present on the station, amounting to ninety-one, were at the marriage. All of them were as happy as they could be. There was no noise, however—no boisterous mirth. The conduct of the entire assembly was as orderly, peaceful and becoming as that of white Christians, and a great deal more so than many I have seen on similar oc- casions in the home country. Immediately after the ceremony, the children sung with their usual life a number of hymns ; such as "A day's march nearer home," " Mothers of Salem," "Happy day," "Around the throne of God," "From Greenland's icy mountains." A plentiful supply of tea and plum-cake was next dis- tributed among the entire company and was well enjoyed. After the repast, Mr Green gave them all a suitable address, and then called upon Simon and King, the two chiefs, to speak. They did so, but were evidently under restraint before so many white people. What was said by Simon in parti- cular, who is a very good black and, I believe, a Christian, showed that he regarded it as a great privilege to have marriage celebrated among them by a white man and a minister from Melbourne, and concluded by saying "It was the Lord Jesus Christ, who had done all this for them." It should be mentioned the newly married blacks all signed their own names in the register, and did it well. There was a large number of white friends present on the occasion from the surrounding dis- tricts. Among others may be mentioned T. Arm- strong, Esq., and the Messrs Bell, from Yarra Flats ; G. de Pury, Esq., G. Maclntyre. Esq., and many more, both gentlemen and ladies, from the Brushy Creek quarter, and they all manifested the deep interest they felt in the welfare of the aborigines. The presence of so many white people on the occasion I have no doubt will prove highly encouraging to the blacks to persevere in well doing, and will be long remembered as a bright day in their history. To show that no injury is likely to be done to these blacks by a little kind and judicious inte- rest in their welfare, I may mention that no holidays were either asked or obtained ; no exuberant or foolish mirth was indulged in. All of them went forthwith to their different occupa- tions, and, as soon as they entered school, went to their books and lessons, bridegrooms and brides too, as if nothing had happened. The newly married people went into new bark huts, previously prepared for them. Their habitations did not require much furnishing, but with the fear of God and the hope of Heaven in their hearts, they can be happy as the children of the Almighty, the redeemed of Christ, and the heirs of glory.—Yours, &c.;, ROBERT HAMILTON. Napier street, Fitzroy, 3rd March, 1865. AN INGLEWOOD GHOST.—Persons unacquainted with the physiology of ghosts assert that they are not to be found out of the old settled countries of Europe. However, they show a lamentable igno- norance of fact, as ghosts have been known to exist even so far away as the Australian colonies. The neighborhood of Sydney was at one time honored by the presence of one, whose chief delight was to sit upon a particular rail on a moonlight night ; while South Australia and Tasmania each have legends of ghostly visitations. We need not, how- ever, go further away than the "Robie Burns" Reef, close to our own doors, to find one, or rather to hear, for his ghostship, like many a feathered songster, only reveals his presence through the medium of sounds, and knockings have been heard down below ; that strange thumps have been given to the doors of tents, and that noises like those produced by mining tools being thrown violently about have disturbed the repose of the innocent occupiers. The ghost has, however, never put in an appearance, but has hitherto eluded the efforts of those daring enough to desire a personal interview with him, contenting himself by terrifying them and driving them off his territory. This he has succeeded, in one instance at least, in doing. He, however, still continues his noisy behavior, as several parties can testify. Pos- sibly there is some large treasure below which he is anxious to keep to himself, or, as others have solemnly asserted, some foul deed has been com- mitted, and the spirit of the victim cannot rest con- tented till it is brought to light.—Inglewood Adver- tiser, March 7. 