CONGREGATIONAL UNION. The half-yearly meeting of the Congregational Union of South Australia was held at Glenelg on Tuesday, October 3. The ministers and delegates from the various Churches assembled in the Con gregational Church, Glenelg, at half- past 9 o'clock for devotional purposes, but the business did not commence until 12 o'clock. The chair was taken by the Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., Chair man of the Union. The roll was made up of the members present—between 30 and 40—in cluding several ministers and the Rev. J. P. Sunderland, agent of the London Missionary Society, who had been invited to attend prior to his return to Melbourne. The minutes of the last general meeting were read and confirmed, when it was suggested that in future the minutes be merely passed as read, after appearing in the published report. The Chairman then proceeded to deliver the following address: - "My Christian Brethren—In May last I ventured to lay before you some thoughts respecting an organic union of our Chuches. To me this ap peared then, as it does now, the one vital question touching our present condition and our future prospects. In no spirit of self-assertion, and with no desire to force upon you a subject on which there will of necessity be difference of opinion, but because of an increasing conviction that it must be settled, and that it ought to be settled at once, do I bring it before you again. As much as any man I dread and deprecate division of feeling, but on this point I am ready to bear the responsi bility of introducing matter of controversy among brethren. Our present state cannot last. The isolation of our Churches, already too great, will soon become greater, to our weakness and shame; or, which I pray God may speedily ensue, a strong and united confederation will place us among the very foremost in the province for effective Christian labour. "At our last meeting a motion was brought for ward affirming the desirability of amalgamating the Congregational Union and the Home Mis- sionary Society. After some discussion this motion was set aside. If I thought that this decision was indicative of an opinion that such a union as I pleaded for is not needed, I would not be so intrusive as again to bring it forward. But I am persuaded that such was not the view taken by the majority. It was thought by many that the proposed amalgamation was undesirable, as being a mere temporary expedient to get rid of certain acknowledged and pressing difficulties. The scheme was not sufficiently comprehensive. It failed to embrace many things which it is desirable to bring within the scope of our united action, and lacked that organic unity which is so eminently desirable. The wish was expressed that an attempt at union should be renewed under other auspices. I venture to hope that the desire will be fulfilled by your action to-day. "My last address was occupied chiefly with setting forth the necessity of union. The argu ments then advanced remain in all their force. During the interval a circumstance has occurred affording an illustration of our present anomalous position. I may be permitted to refer to it. In the Committee of the Congregational Union a motion was brought forward to bring out a minister from England for present evangelistic labour, with a view to ultimate settlement. All were in accord as to the advisability of the pro ceeding, but it was agreed to recommend the Home Missionary Society to undertake it, because the Congregational Union had no power to raise and expend the necessary funds. The Home Missionary Committee met, and after discussion, declined the undertaking. Thus a confessedly important measure, fraught with prospective good, was abandoned because the Union could not deal with it, and the Committee of the Home Missionary Society did mot think it desirable to do so. Other matters equally important are beyond the power or the province of this Union and that Society. "I will venture to assume that there is a necessity for a change in the polity of our body, regarded as a union of Congregational Churches. And what now I shall aim at will be—1. To indicate the kind of union or confederation which it is desirable to effect; and 2. To prove that such confederation is not antagonistic to Congregational principles. "1. The Union which this Assembly represents to-day is an affiliation of Churches for the promo tion of brotherly intercourse and affection, and for co-operation in such religious work as may be achieved by simple conference and declaration of opinion. According to the constitution of it, as embodied in its rules, I know it professes to originate and strengthen new Churches of the same faith and order, to sustain evangelic labours, to introduce and train ministers of the "Gospel in the colony." But since it has provided no means for raising the funds needed, and assumed to itself no powers for their distribution, all this goes for nothing; or if, as the Secretary thinks, these means and powers are included in the rules, then the Home Missionary Society as a Congregational Society is wholly needless. But I put it to my brethren present whether the argument from prescription is not altogether in favour of the view that this Union is not intended for united labour, but simply for fraternal intercourse. "On Cms-assumption I advocato&e; reconstruc tion of the'Union on a new basis—the investiture of itself with powers that have never belonged to it or have «Hways been in abevancc. I advocate the dissolution of the Home Missionary Society as an integrcl and separate Society, and the transfer to the Congregational Union of all its aims and methods. <1 advocate the framing-»ad adoption of a constitution which shall affirm that as a body we can andorUl labour in concert, with necessary authority, i in all Christian work that does not affect the integrity and independence of our sepa rate Churches; and that as a body we can and will raise and-distribute the funds v&ich; may be re quired for doing this. "I need hardly specify the weik which it will be well to attempt by such combined action. That hitherto undertaken by the Home Missionary Society would be foremost. Besides this, we need to obtain educated aud accredited ministers from England-for the supply of ourichurches without pastors;-if none can be obtainedin the colony we need to-develop and carry out a scheme for training- such of our Christian youth as are evi dently fitted and called to the ministerial office. We need to have means and power to purchase land in mew townships that shall be deemed eligible for places of worship. We need tc charge ourselves with the responsibility of commencing divine service, nand of forming Congregational Churches in localities where there is spiritual destitution. _"Such aims as these would require careful orga nization. Believing as we do in the perfect equality of our recognised Churches and ministers, the work to be dene should be entrusted to-brethren chosen annually at an aggregate meeting of represen tatives. At every such meetingrthe work of the previous year should be passed ic review, and the sanction-of the united Churches, by their assembled delegates, be given or withheld. . All important matterwEnould there be initiated,~so as 'to leave as little aepossible to the Committee chosen, except to cany out what had been determined upon by the annual meeting. This, I .conceive, would obviaterthe objection felt by many—that a Com mittee, necessarily elected from the more central Churcliee, might have undue .and dangerous influence. Whatever labours are .-initiated must be initiated by the body; whatever work is done must be done by tbe )>ody. The Committee would dearly understand that ihey represented the whoieof the confederated Churches, and were responsible to them. "I trust no one will think, because I go no further in-sketching out the requisites for a future constitution, that it is from a conscious weakness of the cause I advocate. To elaborate a constitu tion is neither within my province ncr my ability. I satisfy icy own requirements if I succeed in showing this assembly that it ought;to have then most earnest and prayerful attention,ovitha view of settling die vexed question whether or no it should be attempted. What I would suggest to my brethren is this—Let the Union to-day, by a solemn resolution, affirm the desirability of taking the whole matter into immediate consideration. Let a Committee be at once appointed, sdesisting of representatives of as many Churches ^as .possible, to meet fortnightly or monthly at stated times doting the whole Of the next six months, tto'frame a constitution. Let the annual meeting next year be' marked by special prayer to the Head and Ruler of the Church for His guidance and Messing. Let there be one or more extra-sittings ef the Union, to which all members Home Missionary Society not members -of the Union shall be specially invited, with -yower to vote. At sueh sitting or sittings let the proposed constitution be considered. IS after a careful reading ef the whole it shall appear de sirable to proceed further, let the decision be made. Then let tbe warious clauses be passed in •review, amended where necessary, and adopteibsae by one. Some such steps as these , I do most earnestly entreat my brethren to take. "2. So far I have endeavoured to set forth the kind of onion or confederation which I consider it de sirable to achieve. Let me how' endeavour to prove that it would not be antagonistic to Congre gational principles. The views I have enunciated to-day are precisely similar to those I advocated at our last meeting. It will probably be -within the recollection of many present that my. address on that occasion was severely criticised by an anony mous correspondent in one of the papers whom I know not, except that he pro£essed,tobe one of our brethren. I pass by the ungenerous sarcasms it contained So derogatory to the true Christian spirit of teaching or reproof. Kor would I notice the charge brought against me of regarding the Congregational system as ' having beGome effete, and fallen behind the age,' if I did not think it openly expressed a suspicion lurking in the minds or many of my brethren. I do not care to answer the charge, but I will endeavour to remove the suspicion, not so much on personal grounds as because of tbe matter now before us. "I confess (hat I am not disposed with many to pay a blind homage to antiquity, as if tbe wisdom of the past was immeasurably superior to that of the present. Lord Bacon said, wisely and truly, 'The time in which we now live is the ancient time, because now the world is ancient, and not that time which we call ancient, when we look backwards from ourselves.' But he also said, and in my humble measure I would echo his words, 'for hoping well to deliver myself from mistaking by the Older and perspicuous expressing of thatl do propound, I am otherwise zealous and affec tionate to recede as little from antiquity, either in terms or opinions, as may stand with truth and the proficience of knowledge.' "It is possible to distinguish between a scriptural and a traditional independency. The scriptural alone contains the principles which are the true basis of our body. The traditional has associated with these certain views and practices of no scrip tural obligation, and which at the utmost can only be regarded as expedient. To these we render no homage beyond that which is due to a consensus of many able and learned brethren. Unless we give up that private judgment which we have been tanghtto cherish as our inalienable right,* we must be allowed to test their accordance or discrepancy with the requirements of the modern Church. We have acted upon our claim. In many directiens we have abandoned the traditional habits of our body. We have greatly but wisely departed from tbe practice of our Puritan ancestors in the struc ture of our churches and the mode of our worship. Jf some of our forefathers could revisit the earth they would look aghast at the degeneracy of their unworthy sods. Think of agroup of them stand ing opposite one of our modern ecclesiastical struc tures, with its Gothic pillars, carved fretwork, and towering steeple. With surprise deepening to horror, they would learn that this was an Inde pendent Meeting-house, now called a Congrega tional Church, and they would be likely to de nounce us as Prelatists on the high road to Papacy. But I think it would be possible to prove to them, unless they took refuge in the interminable casuis tries of their day, that the true principles of Inde pendency are conserved as much under the modern as the ancient form. The same I hold to be true about much that concerns our Church life. If I advocate a departure in aught from the traditional practices of our fore fathers, it is not that I love Congregationalism less, but my liberty as a Copgr^ational Christian'more, I will not consent to be bound by that anarchic ' independency which, in order to raise an imaginary ■ barrier to despotism, denies the right of co-opera tion in Christian labour. This is not liberty; it is ' licence. j "Hut what are the principles we cherish, and for the maintenance of which our Churches stavd apart from others? I regard them as these: -That i the secular authority has no right to control nor I in any way influence the Churches of Christ; ; that no ecclesiastical authority, representative or self-created, has a right to interfere with the faith, practice, or discipline of any separate community of Christian worshippers; that no authority, cither secular or ecclesiastical, has any right to interfere with the religious opinions of the individual Christian." Tile subject we are discussing does not affect the first of these, and it aii'cets the third only as it concerns the second. -Let 113 enquire, then, if the union or co-operation for which we plead will create an ecclesiastical authority having power to interfere with the faith, practice, or discipline of any separate communion of Chris tians. Undoubtedly there will he danger. A certain measure of power must of necessity be entrusted to this confederation, since no true labour can he done without it: and the exercise of power, and especially vf ecclesiastical power, always tends in the direction of tyranny. The histo.y of every Christiaii hierarchy—Greek, Papal, and Protestant — has its warnings for all who prize liberty as the gift of Cod. And we prize liberty so much that we refuse to be in bondage to any man in any degree. Danger, then, there is; but it is danger that be longs to almost every department of Church organization. The objection to be raised against it here might be pleaded with equal foice against I the ministry and the diaconate. Whatever powers j arc entrusted by aChurchorCllurchesto a brother or brethren must be lovingly construed, lest the j authority should be simply a name, and yet jealously watched, lest it interfere with freedom. But where will be tlie special danger in the exercise of the powers entrusted to the Union ? Chiefly, almost solely here—a needy Church might be con strained, under the pressure of poverty and the obligation of pecuniary help, to act nt the dictation of the Managing Committee, contrary to its own sense of duty. Tire difficulty would only arise in regard to the choice and recognition of a pastor, for with the internal economy and discipline we could have nothing to do. except as now, by withdrawal from Churches manifcs ly walking dis orderly. It woald be needful, as it seems to me, that when any pecuniary' assistance should be granted to a Church, that the pastor of it should be approved by the Committee. Here how inli nitesimal the danger. Not until tbe spirit of freedom in our Churches had become Utterly cor rupted could their representatives impose a pastor of theirowa choice from tyrannical motives. And granting the possibility, the community in ques- - tiou wpsld be freed from every control, by re linquishing the pecuniary aid. I11 all this, I assert | we act in no degree contrary'to tbe principles of Oongregationalists; we simply olieyeae of the laws of boo,an life, that honest approval is a necessary condition of sympathy and help. "But I will go a step further, and ask whether tbcTouudiug of such an Association is contrary to ; the present practice of our Gliurches. Empliati- ! caKy I reply no. It is in perfect harmony with j wfaat has been long recognised as a necessity of our ecclesiastical life. Those wlio point to tire Congregational Union of England as the type and model of ours forget that in tiearlv every county of England there exists such a confederation as. I propose with precisely similar objects. Our. Churches are united in fruitful efforts as well as liy barren sympathies. They do meet to give prac tical effect to their convictions by works of faith and labours of love—works commenced in united wisdom, and contimied-by united action. lit sober, reality, the present isolated condition of the South ■ Australian Churches'is in defiance of the eccle-lj siastical practice of otrbody. Nor are we without evidence as to the valie ot such a confederation -j under the new conditions of Church life presentedi by the colonies. In Victoria the experiment Has ! been made. After five years of practical experience it is pronounced singularly successful. We shell not, then, be verttartng rashly on new sod untried ground. Called by the exigencies of oar .position to take this new step in our history, we may advance without misgiving as to the ultimate results. " Permit me=te reiterate my unshaken confidence in the principles of our body. ('ongregatiocahsm is dearer to ins as my years and my-capacities of judging increase. Without venturing to .sit in judgment on -My of the Churches of Protestant Christianity, all of which I love in rtbc faith,-! I am proud to believe and bold to -afltnn-that- in no other is 'ffce individual liberty of the Christian so amply secured. And though for a-yaar or two 1 the Congregational Churches' of South Australia have been almost at a standstill for -want of effective lUcion, there are manifest signs of sad vance. I trust thatS may lie allowed to rejoice,-rn your name, that a sister Church, separated from us on very trffiing grounds, is evidently returning to its former allegiance to truths which -we-expressly J hold in common. After having borne for long j years a pane, founded on an ambiguous Greek word, anil- expressive only of a subordinate practice of faith, they ate about, as it would seeai, to add to it -our-distinctive name, expressive of a most vital principle of religion. To me the lent is preg nant with meaning that the Baptists of be " South a us-. tralia are soon ana henceforth, if present tenden cies beoome realized, to be -known-as-Congrega tional Baptists. I trust that the -union-cf the two I bodies, implied in this new name, -may-at no dis tant date be consummated. "And now, brethren, in conclusion, join with rae in-tiie fervent supplication -to t&lmlghty; God, the-God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, that He would pour out His Spirit on bur Churches. ] May ffce truths of the Everlasting Gosyel be con served -Among us without heresy, 01 strife, or schism; and as the result of -Divine grace and Christian obedience may the -work of the Lord j prosper in our hands.*' 1 A vote of thanks to the Chairman for his very j able address was moved by the Key. -F. W. Cox, j seconded by the Rev. Jno. Gij?6o:-t,- -of Angastun, , and supported by the Revs. C. W. Evan, W. I Hah gee, and other gentlemen, and carried unani- i mously. ! The Rev. J. P. Sdndebiakb,-at the request of ' the Chairman, stated his own -experience of the : benefits resulting from such an organization as j that proposed in tlie Chairman's address from tlie : working of a similar Society, which had been in ] existence five years in Victoria. ! it was resolved that the address of the Chairman i he printed and circulated with the :se port of the j Committee. . 1 The report of the Executrae-Ceumittee of the I Uracil'for the past half-year was then read and j adopted. A letter was read from the paster rf the Church at Aldinga on behalf of the Church, ac reply to tlie circular of the Union which liad-beenf-onvarded to ' them, fit gave rise to some discussion, and was finally-referred to the Executive-Committee. Notice was given by the Rev. J.-Hssvie that at the nextgeneral meeting he will-move— "That the two Societies—the Congregational Union ami the Home Missionary Society—be dis solved. with a view to establish in their room a single -organization that shall combine the func tions of dtoth, and .more effectually secure the objects of tbe denomination in supporting and extendinguis operations." In conceation with this it was proposed by the Rev. J. HaviE, of Maclaien Vale, -seconded by the Rev. C. Manthorpe, Gleneic— "That it is desirable that the work hitherto undertaken ihy the above two Societies be done by one agency, in order, to ensure compactness and efficiency in the efforts of the body; and that a copy of tins-resolution be forwarded to ,-tbe Com- ] mittees of the two Societies for consideration during-the-ensuing six months." The Rev. O.M anthobpe gave notice a'motion— | "Tliat he .5>ilJ move at the next general,meeting 1 that the resolutions on the books referring to the day and hour.of meeting be rescinded;" The Rev. E. Vf. Cox gave notice of -motion for the next general meeting— j "Tliat .members of Committee be.«r -officio ! members of the general meeting." A very able paper was then read by the Rev. Mr. Hactus, of Hiudmarsh, on "Our Slate and Condition -as Congregationalists," -urging the desirableness of union and organizatios for j advancing-the prosperity of the cause in accordance I with the growing intelligence and requirements of the age, showing .also the harmony of such a course with the freedom of conscience so dear 60 the Congregationalism The reading -of the paper was followed -by a. hearty vote of .thadks to Mr. Harris, and the time . of the meeting havingi£gpired the Chairman closed it with the henediotiou. i At 3 o'clock the mvEisters and delegates dinefi | together at the Pier Hotel, the President of the 1 Union, the Rev. J.. Jefferis. occupying the chair. THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The second annual meeting of the South Australian Baptist Association was held at tbe j Baptist Chapel, Brougham-place, on Monday. October 2. The proceedings commenced at half-past 2 by j devotional exercises and the reading of the Scriptures. The Rev. John Price, of Albert on, was called to the chair. There were present a considerable number of members, including the [ following ministers: —Revs. D. Badger, Isaac Prior, C. prince, H. L. Tuck, S. Mead, and K. Parkin. The Bev. Mr. Daniel, of Clarendon, would hare ! been present .but for another meeting; and the . Bev. 3. Hannay was expected to he present, but was prevented by a missionary meetingat Kapunda the same evening. The Bev. S. Mead, in the temporary absence j of his fellow-Secretary, Mr. C. H. Goode, read the report for the year as follows:— j "It is with much grateful satisfaction that tbe Committee submit for approval to the members of the Association this the second annual report. The period herein embraced scarcely equals 11 months, the annual meeting being now held earlier in ac cordance with a wish generally expressed at last annual meeting. It was not thought desirable to 1 hold a half-yeariy meeting this year. ! "The various stations which have been supplied more or less directly through the Association during the past year have been generally well attended. Comparatively few failures in sustaining the preaching have occurred. These stations are under great obligation to the brethren who supply them; nevertheless it is a matter for regret that in some instances much reluctance is manifested by those best qualified to supply. Since it is im- , possible to overtake the necessities of the country | districts without lay agency, it is hoped that the lay brethren themselves who are qualified for the work will not shrink from the sacrifices involved. Some places require particular notice. Lyndoch Valley and Sandy Creek.—These stations have continued to be supplied much upon the same principle as during the year preceding this. It is an important and in some respects an inviting field of labour. An energetic and settled minister is much wanted there. Steps will soon need to ' be taken to supply this want. Congregations very 1 good. "MagilL—It is with satisfaction that the Com mittee have witnessed during the year the settle ment of Bev. B. Parkin in the pastorate of the Magill Church, and with stiU greater satisfaction have heard of the Divine blessiDg given so that a considerable number have been acded to the Church. Mr. Parkin was sustained by tbe funds of the Association up to April'30tb. "Morphett Vale.—Application IiaviDg been made I by the Church there—hitherto a Congregational Church—to become identified with the Association, the printed form which is usually forwarded to and filled up by all Churches seeking pecuniary . help from the Association was sent to the deacons of this Church. The information thus supplied being to the satisfaction of the Committee, pecu niary assistance was rendered to the Church, as a Baptist Church, having become so by its own decision in the exercise of the rights necessarily inherent in an Independent Church. | "Very sincerely do the Committee rejoice also in the presence amongst us of the Rev. John Price, - now pastor of the Alberton Church. The spirit of co-operation displayed by our brother in all asso- I ciational work has afforded the Committee great gratification. It tnav interest members of the ■ Association to know that Sir.. Price has kiniily undertaken the joint superintendence of Sir. Hone's studies. Tile Committee feel sure that the ] members of the Association will, with them, pray : that the Divine blessing may rest en Mr. Price in , his new sphere of labour. "At the earnest request of Mr. Hone to have I his term of study extended over another yea", the j Committee upon careful consideration consented ' and approved of it. The subjects now being ! specially studied are much the same as before, only . that they are carried farther. Messrs. l'arkin and i Hone underwent a written examination after the j expiruti .n of their lir-t year of studc. The i yammers who kindly undertook (his v.-or.k, and to whom our thanks aie doc. embraced an Kpi. eo patian minister, also a Presbyterian, a Congrega tional, and a Baptist minister. Tueir reports were favourable, although pointing out some minor defects. Some of the examiners spoke in high terms cf satisfaction with lite thorough acquain tance displayed by the students as to the subjects they were examined in. The opinion of the Committee, founded upon the reports of the several examiners, is expressed in then minutes as follows: —'The Committee hereby exptess their full satis faction with the testimony borne by the respective examiners, and would thus acknowledge their in debtedness to those gentlemen wiio have kiudiy uudertaben the work of examination." " One of the most interesting circumstances of the year to us denominationally is the sending for three additional Baptist Ministers. Although the, suggestion which led to this emanated in tivo out of the three instances from tile Committee, yet the whole responsibility of the matter 0:1 this side is clearly understood to rest upon the re tire Churches, viz, Moonta, Kauunda, and spectiv _ Mount Oamhicr. Asuin, deemed to be sufficient for passage-money, has been seat to England. A fair stipend has been guaranteed for oue year. Towards the passage-mouey the Committee have rendered material aid; and towards the stipends they have promised very considerable help. The choice of the three ministers is iefr wholly in the hands of Kevs. W. Brock and W. Lnmlclls, of London. This is felt to lie a very important trust committed to them, and it should be a matter of earnest prayer with us that Cod will graciously direct good and useful miaisteis to come hither to help us. The respective Churches for whom these ministers have been asted need our sympathy and prayers in this juncture in which they are so anxiously concerned. "At Moonta there is a fine field for Inborn open. A new Baptist Chapel is about to be commenced there, and signs of if od's approval and smile are not wanting. At Eipuada a Church has very recently been organized amid very encouraging prospects of •success. Services have been con ducted here hy Bevs. J. Hannay, v. Price, D. Badger, and others. At Mount Gaml'ier there is much need of an energetic minister to labour in this important sphere. The Committee reflect with much satisfaction upon the steps thus taken ! to increase the number of ministers amongst us, at j tlie same time fully realizing the responsibility of the undertaking. They hope that, if permitted to j welcome the three ministers during the coming year, the realization of our hopes may remain unalloyed with any measure of regret. j "■©us thing more remains to be noticed.. In J accordance with the constitution adapted at last ! animal meeting; all the Baptist Churches have , been asked to consider the question of joining the AcwTr-imion « Association as Churches. The majority have re turned answers favourable to such collective Chtrrch | Union. " While not a little hr.s been done, the Com mittee are not insensible to their own short •cemiugs. Thoughthey iiave striven to do what they could with the resources at their command, yet they do r.ot claim to have done all that a bolder faith and a more self-sacrificing zeal might have ■done. They new resign the trust committed to them, earnestly commending the Association With its varied interests to the prayerful sympathy of ill the Churches.'" Mr. Mead also read, in the absence from the colony of Mr. James Smith, the Treasurer, the balance-sheet for the-year. It showed the receipts from various Churches as ,£137 8s. lid.; sr. nary subscriptioss, £18616s. 2d.; special contributions to remit to London towards the payment of the pas sage- money of three ministers, £211 12s.. making, with subscriptions since received, a total "cf £471 8s. fld. The expenditure included payment to students, £168 His. 'Id.; remitted to London for passage-money, £tf!2 2s.; and it, with various other items, amounted to £417 12s. Sd.; leaving a balance in hand of £53I€s. Id. „ I Mr. Barnes, of Magill, moved, ami 'Mr. James CuMMtSG seconded, the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, which was carried unanimously. | The Bev. -H.-L. Tuck moved, ami 'Sir. John DARtasB-secoDded, "That the following gentle men constitute the Committee for tire following j year:—Begs. J. -Price, G. Prince, -and S. Mead; j Messrs. Barnes, Edwards. Whiting, Ivcill, James . Smith-G. Fowler, J. Holden, O. if. Goode, and W. K. Thomas. (The Bev. S. Meaissd Mr. O. H. j Goode to be Secretaries, and Mr. James Smith to ; be Treasurer." v Carried. At a subsequent stage i the following names were added:—James Cum-j mine, James White, Alex. Murray, and J. i Darhng. Mr. Mead produced a list of 156individual mem- j beta of the Association, which was taken as read. Mr. Mead also read a number--of applications ; from Baptist- Churches seeking - union with the ! Association as Oh inches. They were severally put j to take meeting-sad carried. The- fallowing is the j list;— ' .Brougham-place Clarertc'zn j Moonta Lyndoeh Valley -Alberton Morphea Vale Mogili T-eataee Gully -Blinders-street Uley Mount Gambler Long Island. Murray. ■ -$Tr. Mead mentioned that one-or two Churches ; preferred to remain connected with the Association 1 -by its individual- members only. -In the course of the sitting the statistics of the Churches were brought forward. - it-was stated that they were as yet.in a somewhat incomplete state; I but it appeared (from them that the total additions j during the year cf members to tbe 13 Churches j giving returns to the Association were l'J7; the j decrease from various causes was-2E, leaving the , net increase 82. Cue Church newly formed, con- j sisricg of 20 members, made the whe-'e net increase HBL The total membership of the Churches giving ; returns was, as nearly as could be ascertained, 575. .The Bev. S. Mead theu brought forward" the question of the propriety of the Baptist Churches _ of-the colony designating themselves "Congre- i .gational Baptistsji-and read the following paper:— j ■''It is not a very novel tiringfcr a body of j Christians to adopt an entirely new name, or to j greatly modify an- existing one. We have lately j riiw? art ovumrila A? fhic in t.htc Anlinr in frhA 1 had an example <4 this in this colony, in the general adoption of the title ' Presbyterian Church* by .the various Churches of the old -Scotch Kirk; tire Free Kirk, and the United Presbyterians. So as ."to the name ' Congregational,' -as technically applied to the Independents their-eariier name. "-J. The first reason we advance in favour of the S^-eral adoption of the title 'Coegregational Baptist' is, that it expresses the truth, as to what weAre. Our Churches, are of course nu much and as -etrictly congregational as any Church are so. Th&fudcpendeuts; and Baptists stand alone in this. The Presbyterian Churches are not congregational; neither the Episcopalian, nor die V.esleyan. Holding that Congregationalism, as a principle, is as nauch a part of our .-religious organiration as baptism is, why in a title should the use be ex pressed and the other ignored? .Being .so more ashamed of Congregationalism than of baptism, why -should we not avow it in our designation openlyihefore all? If we Are right, as we.believe we are,.in our Congregationalism as well as in our baptism, the more clearly xm caD sh.ow .tc those outside .what we are the -better. On this .ground we plead for the fuller -title 'Congregational Baptist'." "2. A-escoud reason for its adoption is that .it would teed to prevent miscon^ition as to our real principles. It must be borne in mind that the large majority in a colony like this are very ill informed as to the principles .held by Baptists. What does the Episcopalian, or the Presbyterian, or the W-esleyan understand -of .-our system of Church order' Then, there is a large class whom we designate.as 'the world,' some -of whom,are constantly being brought into contact with ns, hut who know nejt to nothing as -to j©ur Church polity. Further, there is the very important class of the young growing up around ,113, whom it is important to indoctrinate with right views on this subject. "3. A third reason for the adoption-of this title lies in this, that ii-would tend to bringiuto greater prominence the one point of difference between us and the Congrcgaridnalists. Many, I sespeck imagine that there is more than one point of divergence between the Baptists and Congrega tionalists. The adoption by us of the full title -would clearly sho w that there was but one. It may be that thus placing the one point into such dis tinct prominence might help towards the more dull understanding of it. The fact undoubtedly is. that as to the two denominations, Baptist and Congregational, in so far as they differ. Hie one exists practically for the defence of infant sprinkling; the other esisSs for the defence of beUeyets' baptism. " But whilst there are reasons for the adoption of this title there are also some-objection to it. " Objection L There is first of all a very natural disinclination to the chantpng of an old and honourable name. I conceive, however, that the chief force of this objection is taken away by the consideration that in ordinary conversation, we shall as mutch as ever retain the -distinctive title ' Baptists." Chiefly in printing would the diffe rence be observed. I do not see, therefore, that this objection should have much weight. "Objection 2. Others may object to the title as lengthy and cumbersome. We think the practical answer to this lies in what has just been stated, viz. —that it would give the printer a s ight modicum of more work to do. " As bearing upon this point I think it impor tant to remember that in most, if not all, or the trust-deeds of our chapels the word 'Congrega tional' or ' Independent' is insetted along with the word 'Baptist.' It is known to most of us also that one of the Churches has frequently printed in advertisements the word 'Congregational' along with'Baptist.' Whether it is best on the whole to adopt the full title 'Congregational Baptist' I must leave it to you-to discuss and to decide." An interesting and animated discussion then took place, in which the Bev. Messrs. Tuck, Prior, Prince, Badger, and Price, with Messrs. Thomas, Cumming, Murray, and Barnes, took part. The majority of speakers were against any change. Mr. Mead eventually gave notice of motion for the next meeting 011 the subject. Mr. C. H. Goode, M.P., read the following paper on "The Formation of a Baptist Chape) HuiMinor FiituI'-"_ Building Fund':"— "Dear Brethren—I have been requested to pre pare a short paper bearing upon the formation of a I fund, to be called, say, 'The Baptist Chapel Dower ' Building Fund,' to be used for the purpose of aid ing in the erection of new places of worship in connection-with our denomination in those loca- : lities where such places of worship are most required. I "I regret that I have not had time to do justice , to the subject; or to do more than just to call the attention of our brethren to it in order to induce them to take the matter into their serious consi deration, and with the hope that those who are able may he led to give their material aid to it, pro vided that it commends itself to their judgment. - Such an Association has long been in existence in . our native land, and we find that during the past year there have been 37 new chapels completed and opened in England, containing 19,467 sittings, 1 costing £61,090, or £3 2s. 6d. per sitting, and which have, we believe, been greatly aided by the Baptist Building Fund- It is greatly to be re gretted that the liberal offer made by Sir Morton Peto to contribute was not accepted by the Baptists of London, as by that means a greatly-increa-ed I amount of chapel accommodation would have 1 been provided. We may, however, hope that steps will yet be taken to carry out the proposed plan, and that Sir Morton Peto may be inclined to renew ; his oiler. I "In tliin colony it has been the case hitherto J that the amounts required, over and abo< e the ■ subscriptions raised, have been advanced by private friends of the denomination, foremost amongst 1 whoiu must be mentioned the Hon. G. F. Angas. "It has, however, been thought advisable by ' some that steps should be taken to raise a fund tint should be special)v available for this purpose; i and it is for us as a denomination to consider ! whether we could advantageously employ 111 this i way some portion of the wealth witli which God I has blessed it . -• In order that we may arrive at a correct con ! elusion, let us consider, in the first place, whetner i auecc-ssitv exists for such an ovganiziuon; and, : secondly, tile advantages that would result fioni it. ! 41 it baslwcu remarked by pome who nave visited j our colony that this is a land of chapels and , churches, and there is 110 doubt that so far as I Adelaide is concerned iliere is some pound tor l the remark; but when we look abroad upon the 1 colony at large, we see that there are many villages I and towns springing up where there is no adequate ' provision made for supplying the spiritual wants of I the comniuuitv. It is to supply this want that I such a fund is chiefly needed. ! " At the present time, as wul be seen from the •' report of tire B-iptist Association, there are three i ministers expected to arrive in the colony during the next six or twelve months; and should they i succeed iu attracting large congregations, a consi derable outlay will be necessary to provide suitable | places of worship in the three important districts , ior which those brethren are destined. . ; " It will thus he seen that a necessity exists for sonic organization to assist those who are less \ favoured than ourselves with re^attl to the means of "race, ami it now only remains for us to show i the arlvji uteres that would result therefrom, i 44 In the event of its being decided upon to erect j acha{K-J in any given locality, supposing the friends l in the neighbourhood could, with the assistance of ' those in town, succeed in raisins:, ^say, £3uo or j the proposed organization might loan to ! then say, £20J for two years without interest, ! v.*deh, when repaid, could again be loaned toother I infant, causes and which would thus be the means ! I to provide tlie necessary accommodation for the preaching of the Gosiiel in our towns and villages. " There can be no question but that it would be a great stimulus to our friends in these districts if they could rely upon a certain amount being loaned tc tiiem for two or three years, and it would en-, courage them toercct nioie commodious and belter structures than they otherwise would do. "The duty of thus assisting other and weaker Churches will not require to be dwelt upon, seeing that weare exhorted to'support the weak, and to rememlier the words of the Lord Jesus, .how He said it is more blessed to give than to receive. "In a community that is increasing at the rate ours is, it is very desirable that places of worship should be erected somewhat in advance of the pre sent rcGuircments; hut frequently, inconsequence of the shortness of funds, this cannot be carried out. flow desirable is it, then, that assistance should be given in such cases, instead of the chapels having to be built on a scale that is certain I to require alterations and additions within a very shor. period. "Our Churches must, to a large 'extent, he missionary Churches, and they should therefore be assisted and cherished 1a those which are more favourably situated with regard to means m the -same way that missionaries are supported by their •Christian brethren. I am finnly persuaded that •the establishment of ati organization such as that indicated could not but result in the dissemination -of our principles and the advancement of the denomination to which we belong. "In conclusion, I cannot do better than quote from the speech of the Hev. J. O. Karshman, Chair man at the annualnieeting of the Baptist Building Fund, held at tltc Mission House, Moorgate-street, ! London, on the "3th April last:—' AU the deno minations are new in a measure put upon their mettle. Thoy are now called to exercise a spirit of emulation mthis sphere of Christian bene volence; 3nd although some affirm that as a de nomination we are the smallest among the sons-(H Israel, I am sine we shall be found fully equal to | the exigencies of the day and to the dementis that are made upon us. We must never forget, that there is nothing-more perilous than » -sta. 1 tionary peshion; for if -ve do not advance in, building cbcrebes and ehr.pels we shall go back, and every step of retrogression is, in. fact, a ^tep towards extinction.'" I Mr. W. "Iv. Thoilss 'moved that Sir. Goode's paper be remitted to tie Committee with;a re commendation that they should as early as. possible teke the matter into their careful-consi deration. Rev. G.Prikce seconded this, and toe uaotion. wis carried. The meeting then adjourned till the evening. A public meeting'wrs held in the evening; in" the 1 Baptist Oha; el, Brougham- place, which .was well filled. After ■ singing, reading, and prayer, the; i Hev. Ceorge Prince called upon the Key. J.-Piice; to preside, and deliver the Chairman's annual: i Mt.*PBIce said- flhe request of the 'Committee; that f;e shouhl give the Chairman's .address had been for a week-or swo a source of great perplexity to him. Had he lived long enough amongst them to hare been enabled to speak from [personal ex peric-nce and observation there wonld Jiavcbeec many suitable and important topics; but, as it- was, his- raitge was limited. He could «iot'®zntent him self writ!) anything that did not directly bear upon their actual condition aud practical ■movements,, and he had to <.-claim their special ; indulgence as a new comer end totally inexperienced msr; in these .fields of labour if he descended from the judicial and philosophic ' tone ol remark which wcat expected to cliaascterize; Has annual address -of an associated ecclesiastical assembly. Since his arrival in the colony his first aim had been to look around him and under stand and ascertain his actual position and w ' Thai question, although of a peisoaaleUaracter ic its application, *-as possible in a .-great many instances, and- it would embrace a -considerable number of persons. A clear view of: that matter would prove of advantage to the Churches.; aud ministers generaHy. He would state ; ject of liis remarks "The positiou and work of a Baptist Minister in South Australia." The ;first claim upon a minister would be that;of his-own Church, and to the advancement of which-all his, energies should ire directed. They- should aim; attbe consolidatior and complete efficiency of the: Church, and the-question was what were the: means under God which were to be employed- -for; thessromotion.of;that end? First, the complete, efficiency of the .public services of the .-sanctuary; as standing foremost. Neglect in any part of: ministerial work would be injurious, but neglect in respect to pulpit duties would be ruinous to a Church wars intelligence -tiral mental; activity characterised the population. The", pr-eaeking must be of a stamp to command atten-! tiomand secure respect. When it was felt that a minister was not satisfied with a number of nega-. tious as the stock of his theological furnitere, but that he had definite positive convictions upon evangelical doctrine,.-and when it was seendhathe took pains to give bis convictions both point and power be won for Ipsa self a position ««f strength.: Though he might not win popularity; yet hevrouM; lay a foundation deep and strong and srfe,-aad be ; the means of attaching to his particular branch of the Ohuseh individual-believers who would prove a' tower of strength. It-seemed to him, by a lireited acquaintance with the population of the colony, thai there was more need for pulpit preparation; than in some places. ;Ia preaching to a country congregation at homc:it would be far different to. preaching iti the former they had-souls to be saved, but it was not always clear that they had minds to :be reached: and if an impression was made it had to be done in many cases by sheer force of declama tion and strength of voice. It was no matter of regret that such a class was unrepresented, as poverty and hopeless toil was the source of such torpor, and those evils in this country they were, happily free from. But the congregations here i were those whose early antecedents had beeu ! quickened into thought and activity; therefore, if; they got a hold .upon their neighbour for their souls' good, it mustffie by commending themselves to their consciences, and in suck a way retain their attention and constrain their assent. Simul taneously also with that should they aim at that condition of the Church which the Apostle de scribed as " the effectual working in the measure of every part." He meant all earnest activity on the part of members in their individual and organized efforts for -the good ,<£ the Church. There should be a combination of Hie industrial and administrative element, and a,combination of co-operation aud subdivision in labour. If that principle was adopted their Churches would be healthy as to theit own spirit, and most complete instruments in the hands _beneficial influence upon the neighbourhood in which they exist. The whole of the Church would then >he engaged in the common work—all seeking to carry out its different branches—and thus bringing the -whole sanctified energies of a body of men to bear upon a field that was too often cultivated by a small number, and there fore productive of but limited results. The Chureh, when there was efficiency in the pulpit and activity in the Church, was then an instrument, according to the Master's will, and could not fail to prove an element of power and source of influence in the part where it existed. The sext . sphere of useful ness was "church extension,"' ana that meant the endeavour by a minister to establish Churches in. accordance with his own views in different parts of the country. It would he quite as well were all the sections of the Church honestly to confess to their desire for the advancement of the denomination to which they belonged. The best basis for Christian union was founded on that. "While they loved all who loved the Lord in sincerity, they meant to hold by their own religious views, aud propagate them to the best of their ability. He would then notice that the condition of the colony presented large fields for Christian enter "prise. He did not mean that places of worship were insufficient, if they judged by the number attending the means of grace, as in many cases they were anything but full. But they must not be satisfied with a principle of calculation, and remember that multitudes never entered the House of God. There, then, was the necessity for united effort as aimed at by the " South Australian Baptist Association." Singly but little could be.accomplished beyond their own sphere, for alter having done their utmost they would have but little to show in tlie way of Churches established or believers gathered. But unitedly something could be and bad been done in that direction. In rising places generally there were some of their brethren who would gladly welcome tlie commencement of a cause and who would form the nucleus of a Church. They could not or did not wish to start on their own account, and they had seen how when a cause had been started it had grown aud expanded, and in a short time had been declared a success. Such.was the advantage of their Association, as it provided the appliances for meeting such cases. Their minis terial band was but small, but it was but an im perfect representation of their strength, 'llieir little army was increased by a force wliich had often proved of essential service, namely, by the evangelizing labours of those who had never been set apart for the ministry. Wales was evangelized by lay preaching, and in America the same result had been obtained by the same instrumentality, and their hope for the evangelization of South Australia must depend upen the same agency. The next consideration was—To what extent was Christian union open to a Baptist minister in South Australia? He meant their union with other denominations; and it was a question of great interest to any Oliristian man who had enjoyed unrestricted union and friendship with Christians of various denominations in England. The ten dency in that country for many years had been towards union, especially amongst Dissenters. It was there felt that the principles of each deno mination were not to be ignored or compromised, and that union meant equality and brotherhood. And so long and honoura ly had the various j denominations lived and laboured in their own ' spheres that to represent their respective names as an odium or a stigma would be considered an attempt fitted more (to darker times and less in formed countries. It argued profound ignorance ' or bigotry on the part of anyone who could speak superciliously of the denomination, which in the metropolis alone numbered in its ranks in the present day, ripurgeon, Brock, Lamlells, Angus, Stovell, lliutoii, and Skinfold, besides inanv in the provinces of nearly cijual fame. Buthe war not. quite sine as to the possibility of union here upon a very extensive scale, as there seemed to be a surprise and revulsion wlien a Baptist minister sought to explain his j primiples or pronicte the interests of his Church. I Let them, then, postpone union and prefer work.as '■ work was after ail the tr.ie eementer of bonds i and the true preparation for union. Fellowship in i labour woulu result, in ici!o.v>Lip of ieeimg. In ] conclusion, let them remember lb u. their projects ! and institutions did not derive their importance ! from the scale upon which they at piesent existed, j Colonial communities v.eie the germs of great enmires and mighty nations, and their religious in I stiuttions would prove both the mouUl and the ! generating power from which those nations would derive much of their energy and life. That was the day of small things; but let no one despise it. It was the seed of a future forest, the dawn of a coming day. (Applause.) The Bev. D. Badges spoke on "The desirability of more org nized Union amongst the Baptists of South Australia. ' It was very generally believed that the Baptist denomination was more dis united than any other of the great sections of the Church of Christ; but lie thought if all was said about the want of unity amongst the Bap tists, the cues!ion might lie easily explained with out making them better or worse than other people. Tlie difference in the opinions of deno minations upon the subject of iiapti nn was such that it necessarily prevented close union amongst them; but they were ail believers in tile same great truth, and he "did not believe any difference would be made by the propagation of their opinions with reference to their becoming liei:s of the Kingdom of Heaven. It was their opinion that in South Australia there were many called Baptists who were ripe enough to bear a closer organized union. That being their conviction, he thought some clear and forcible arguments could he used to show the necessity for such union. Their denomination would then present to the eyes of the world and other denominations a moie favourable aspect, and if. would also act with benrlicial influence upon their own hearts and. lives in doing GhrisFs work. Their meeting as ministers to relate their doings, their successes, and also their disappoint ments would encourage them to labour on and would strengthen them in faith. If they had more unity as a denomination they would he able to enter more fully into the work which they had given them to do. As in things of the WGtld men formed themselves into associations for the advancement of their interests, so also in spiritual things, if united, they would he able to accomplish what otherwise it would he impossible to have done alone. As an example let tliein take the Church of Scotland or their friends the Wesleyans. By their w.indeiltti organizuion they were able to give the whole strength to the work, and thus carry out their plans with such success as had attended them.f£e thought they might take a leaf from their book. As a Baptist Association it would be well for them to keep their eyes upon places where a population was springing up, and establish a cause wherever there was 'Opportunity fordoing so. Bay preaching had been referred to, and he. thought a great dpal of that system. With the "Wesleyans, again, that was an iHstitutiea; .they had their local preachers, and a vast amouut of good was (-one in conse quence. Their Association woulttkcep before the young men of their Church the work of lay preaching, and having that organization they were like!? to have great power and strength in that element. Another thing connected with the resolution was, how was the union to be brought about; St was a very essy question how to destroy or disunite a Church: but The other was more difficult of solution. He knew of no better way than Try quietly, prayerfully, and in the fear cif God going ou in the way they had begun. The way to get sympathy was to keep at wort. He did not agree with cold, dead Christians; hat lat thEii: all be up and doing, and the union amongst the flautists would become a great reality, He hops! by the next annual meeting they wouSd hart a Baptist BuiW iug Ft.pi The Bev. H. B. Tuck said he had been astefi to speak on the topic—" What should be done towards having colonial ministers?'.' He qsast say that he very muck liked their Chairman's adlress, and he heartily sympathized wlti: the soutiments therein expressed. He thanked God that they had such a-lxother amongst tlmm as Kr. Price.. He agreed with all the remarks nbout Christian union. T'nhy all had a great work to do—God's work —and let them ;sH be abounding in the work sf the Lord. He wc.s sorry rjo say that his faith in a union with otherdetiomi oations had greatly 'decreased. They cotikf net harmoniously work 'together; they must ■carry out their own convictions, and do what they1 believed to be right and he had no doubt whatever es to their views as Baptists being toe right ones. Baptism was a holy ordinance, designed ky God' to be practised by tliem, and they must ebsen e it, . and not act in such a manner as to give others the!! impression that they thought but little o'f it them-: j selves. With reference to tire question of:i ministers, they had had some from England; but i that plan was-expensive, and he didnot tbink they j should rely apen svcli a mode of -obtaining;? ministers. Hewwordc it be to have thenreducated | in the colony? They wanted men of fait!;, full of i the Holv CihoRt in tliic ttmrl •»*»* the Holy Ghost to- west in this land, and if they , acted upon -ear Lord's injunction to pray for ; labourers he considered they would lnsre them. I He hoped before iongthey would have -something specially adapted-for that purpose—c'Collegiafce '■ Institution—forhis views were in favoured public -! education. Be had lately thought c gso 1 deal ? about missionary work, and their -oblfcaSfons-to.-' God and the claims of the heathen upsn them, j and he thought it would be a good thing. If some of j their youngmeu would be found willingtoiakeupa ; missionary's Sifs. He hoped the Baptist Associa- ■ tion would go on and prosper. 1 Mr. C. H_ Goobe, M.P., next addressed thcij meeting. He alluded To the necessity Tor organ!-; i zation, and to tire principle of the proposed Chapel 'j Building Fund. Eis-i&ea; was to lend .out-turns 6£ ; money for two or threE years without interest to assi-t struggling causcxrtill they reached c date Of j prosperity, when help could be withdrawn and; 1 granted somewhere else. He trusted that-til were ; animated by a desire-te extend their vievss as far I as possible. The increasing prosperity -of the [ Church was a great cause for thanksalness. Since \ his return from Europe he had seen two new •chapels opened, -and- their lay pressing lire had found was very much -extended, wfsich Tie con-; -sidered was great -credit to JVlr. Mead Tor his -exertions in that work. - He further reeaarked tupon •the duty of actively . engaging in the different 'branches of the work of the Church, and •endeavouring to unite ss far as possBHe in one -®reat Church." The Bev. S. Ms;ab, to give an idea of 6ow -their Association was worked, would just sav that-tbey had SI names down as-those who supjnied,;»nd out of that number only eight were engaged, showing that they had thus S3 lay preachers. As to new places taken up, causet had been established atiiuipunda and Moonta, where they hoped-to-de more in a short timefhan'had yet been done. At Mount Gambier there was ;, large field, tot its great distance prevented them doing much there at present. Their ineome for -the year was £450, and they had a balance --oa the right side of £50. He -should 'iike -to see the CUtpe'l Fund amount to £5,<'00 instead of £l,fr9Q, as proposed by Mr. Goode. 'Whhin the last two or three years their numbers iiad greatly increased, and the Association now represented 500 or 600 of tlieirObureh members. With reference to union, he should have liked to have said-scmething more fully than he was then able to do owing to the late hour. He was in favour of union; none more so. He should like to see an amalgamation of the Con gregational and the Baptist Churches, but there were obstacles in the way which couid not be got over. The-union might be joined if-the Baptists would hold their views lightiy: but it was too solemn a thing to trifle with, and they .guest act up to what they believed to be God's will in the matter. Hie Bev. T. Prior spoke on toe principles of baptism and his experience amongst Iris own con gregation, and also expressed his pleasure at being there that, evening. The Eev. Georse Prince then addressed the meeting, and referred to the efforts that should he made to bring those in our own land holding erroneous opinions with reference to the Gospdl to a right knowledge of the truth. i The proceedings then closed with the doxology I and toe benediction. 1 