B.OAD3. RENTS. ANT) TAXES. We never knew Mr. Duffield to attack a Ministry whom lie did not strengthen. At the present moment the Government were just in that enfeebled state that any kind of victory coma not do otnermse man a goo Bend to them. O, that mine enemy would revive the squatting question ! must have been the prayer of Ministers for the last few dayB, and lo ! exactly at the right moment, Mr. Duffield comes forward in the character of the u 'umblc individual,' immortalized by Uriah Hecp, and does the very thing which the Government wanted— opens the old case of the squatters versus the people, and gives the bankrupt Ministry a renewed source of popu larity — a source which was soon fortunately closed by the previous question, bat oat of which they managed to extract something like a little triumph. With the assistance of Mr. Glydo they turned aside the threatened censure, if censure was really intended, and thus came out of the discussion, considering all circumstances, with flying colours. Bat tbe dead bones of the squatting question cannot be galvauiz :d into life, even by the Ministry themselves. They Btand now before the country upon other matters. Boadi and taxes are the questions* upon which they are being judged, and they must face the difficulty which they have created on these points, no matter what may have been the past popularity of the Chief Secretary on the squatting question. They have deliberately come forward with a policy which touches the pocket of every person in the colony, and the question is, are they going to Btick to it or fly from it? A Boad Bill — as we pointed out a month ago — which revivea the exploded 'parish* svstem onco bo obnoxious in England, aad which also enforces a rate on country settlers at a moment when the Treasury h overflowing with money, was sure to be condemned with a shout of disapprobation from one end of the colony to tbe other. Where are now the ad vocates of direct taxation ? We have lately seen speeches in the papers against this Biil from politicians who a month or two ago were crying out 'Down with the Custom-Moose,' and ''Hurrah for land tax, poll tax, and in come tax.' But they have been taken partly at their word too Boon. In the midst of their theories they have been invited to become practical. They have been offered direct taxation for road purposes in exchange for the ad valorem dutie?, and what do tbey say ? Why they are quite aghast at the proposal. They called up the ghost, but they had uo idea that it would come ; so they are now frantic to get rid of it again. It b amusing to see this; but at the sam* time the action of the people at large— the settler?, whose interests lie in the country dis tricts, and who have always set their faces against the free-trade measures of town politicians— is all that could be desired. They are animated by ono strong determined resolve —the resolve not to tolerate new taxes in order that old ones might be taken off the shoulders of tbe general community. The Boad Bill has been a doomed measure from the first day it was published. A single glance at it was sniEcient .to show that its clauses were unsuited to the colony and opposed to the interests of the public We say this all the more readily now, because the judgment against the Bill which we pronounced three weeks ago has since been confirmed by the whole colony. la vain the. settlers hare been taunted with refusing to listen to the Treasurer when he oilers to reduce taxation ; in vain have they been ridiculed for hugging their chains when they might throw them off and have cheap 'soft goods' for ever. They know well enough that to give the ad valorem duties for a hind tax would be to gain a loss — that their own burdens would be increased, and that if anybody derived advantage from the change it would be the townspeople. A county rate, including town and rural dis tricts, may some day be as useful in this colony as it is in the mother-country. But at present our scattered population is not equal to such a system. .The great highways of the colony must for years to come be made and maintained by the Central Government This is a national work, and there is a national revenue for the purpose. A large Land Fund is in the hands of the Govern ment, and what would be more unreasonable than that this should be used for maintaining establishments, whilst neither roads nor bridges were suDolied for the development of the sountry? . . If this is the policy of the Government, no inti-squatting popularity will save them. They iisplay an ignorance of their position, which is amazing when it is considered what an old topic this road question is, and what a vast amount of experience in the matter they and their predecessors have already had. Not only ire the circumstances of the colony unfavour ible to the present scheme, but the practice in 3ther countries shows that infant communities must have their main roads provided by the Government. This is the first and chief work of the State until population becomes thickly settled. Then there is the nominee Board proposed in this new BilL We should have thought that the Government hnd had enough of such Boards in their experience of the one at Port Adelaide. But, no; they take a backward step in spite of all warning. They cut out the worst parts of tbe Boad Bills rejected last session and patch them together in this objectionable treasure. ' The force of folly could no further go; To make the third they join the former two. But this blundering Boad Bill would not have been to unaccountable if it had stood alone. Tho absurdity of the thing is that it u ushered in side by aide with a promise to reduce taxation by taking off the ad valorem duties. It i3 this which so stirs the wrath of the country. They are asked to be taxed in order that others may be untaxed ; 'for although tb* abolition of the ad valorem duties would affect them to some extent, yet the relief would be felt chiefly by other classes of the community. Under these circumstances, a row on the BQuattiog question would do doubt be ? benefit to tbe Ministry. Therefore the i threatened censure yesterday, feeble as it was, | gave them an advantage. But do they thick that Mr. Gljde would have come to their rescue in this little matter but far the convic tion that they would soon be deeper in the mire on other subjects ? Not he. When that honourable member saves a Ministry from drowning it is because he thinks that they are soon going to be hung. 