'TuMlc *"■ UOVEUST. »jtJR MUTUAL FRIEND* Br frcrittT.BS SICKENS. IN FOCB BOOKS. Book the Foukth. A. TvBvnro. Chapteb VZt. SSTZXB TO BE ABSt TEAS CAt5. Day was breaking at PlaaWater Weir Mill Lock. Gtara were ^et visible, but there was dull light in the eaat that was not tbejjjghtof night. . The moOn bad gone down, and a miet crept along the bonks of the river, seen through which tho treee were the ghosta of trees, and the Water Was the ghost of water. This earth looked spectral, and so did the pale stars: while die cold eastern glare, expressionless as to heat or oolonr, with the ere of the firma ment quenched, might hare been likened to the etarc of the dead. Perhaps it was so likened by the lonely Bargeman, standing on the brink of the lock. For certain, Bradley Headstone looked that war, when a chill air came up, and when it passed on murmuring, as if it whispered something that made the phantom trees and water tremble—or threaten—for fancy might hare made it either. He turned away, and tried the Lack-house door. It was fastened on the inside. •' Is he afraid of me r"' he muttered, knock ing. Bogue Riderhood was soon roused, and soon undrew the bolt and let ldm in, " Why, Totherest, I thought you bad been and got lost! Two nights away! I a'most believed as you'd gir' me the slip, and I had as good as half a mind for to advertise you in the newspapers to come for'ard." Bradley's face turned so dark on this hint, tlist Riderhood deemed it expedient to soften it into a compliment. " But not you, goremor, not you," he went on, stolidly shaking his head. " For what did I say to myself arter having amused myself with that there stretch of a oomic idea, as a sort of a playful game ? Why, I says to my self, ' He's a man o' honor.' That's what Tj \- Jj, |W.'. -> bonor.'" Very remarkably, Riderhood put no question j to him. He had looked at him on opening j the door, and he now looked at him again I {stealthily this time), and the result of his looking was, that he asked him no question. " You'll be for another forty on 'em, i governor, as I judges, afore you turns your mind to breakfast," said Riderhood, when his visitor sat down, resting his chin on his hand, with his eyes on the ground. And very re markably again: Riderhood feigned to set the I scanty furniture in order, while he spoke, to have a show of reason for not looking at | him. " Yes. I had better sleep, I think," said j Bradley, without changing his position. " I myself should recommend it, governor," assented Riderhood. "Might tou be any ways dry?" "Yea. I should like a drink," mid Brad ley ; but without appearing to attend much. Mr. Riderhood got out his bottle, and fetched bra jug-full of water, and administered a potation. Thai, he shook the coverlet of his bed and spread it smooth, and Bradley stretched himself upon it in the clothes he wore. Mr. Riderhood poetically remarking that he would pick the bones of his night's rest, in his wooden chair, eat in the window as before; but, as be fore, watched the sleeper narrowly until he was veiy sound asleep. Then, Us rose and looked at him dose, in the bright daylight, on every side, with great minuteness. He went out to his lock to anm up what he had " One of his sleeves is tore right away below the eiber, and the t'other's had a good rip at the shoulder. He's been hung on to, pretty tight, for his shirt's all tore out of the neck-gatliers. He's been in the grass and he's been in the water- And he's spotted, and I know with what, and with whose. Hooroar!" Bradley slept long. Eariy in the afternoon a barge came down. Other bargesbad passed through, both ways, before it; but the Lock keeper hailed only this particular barge, for news, as if he had made s time calculation with tome nicety. ' The men on hoard told him a piece of news, and there was a lingering cm their part to enlarge upon it. Twelve hours bad intervened since Bradley's lying down, when be got up. " Kot tint I ewaller it," said Rlderhood, aqmnting at bia X«ci, when be aaw Bradley coming ont of the booae, "as you've been a sleeping all the time, old boy!" Bradiey came to him, fitting on bia wooden lever, and asked what o'cioek it an JSiderhood told him it waa between two and three. *' When are you relieved f" aaked Bradlry. \- - "Bay alter to-znowow, governor," "Bfat'awwr ■' "Mptaincheooner, governor."' ; On both 'Mdea,tinportnhoe seemed attached < 4o -tide question of raliflt Biderhood quite -petted his reply r saying a aepond time, and tjebkmging a'mgatit* nil of fcisBtedv "a—n «--notdinehgovernor." "■ "Bid ! tell you I was goingon to-night?" returned ftiderhood, iqa aflWile, and conversational manner, dldtiotiellmeea. But moat like you jtteaafr-to tt.fpad torpot ioit. Son, aOitrtn^*, ■ '.WiJt5oHBniA-.-tba.cuwa WeMuqii a Peek," himself, and the other before his guest. Upon these plattors he placed two goodly portions of the contents of the pie, thus importing the unusual interest to the entertainment that each partaker soooped out the inside of his plate, and consumed it with his other fare, besides having the sport of pursuing the (dots of congealed gravy over the plain of the table, and successfully taking them into his mouth at bat from the blade of his knife, in oase of their not first sliding off it. Bradley Headstone was so remarkably awk ward at these exercises, that the Bogus ob served it, "Look out, T'otherest 1" he cried, "you'll cut your hand!" But, the caution came too lata, for Bradley gashed it at the instant. And, what was more unlucky, in asking Biderhood to tie it up, end in standing blase to him for the pur pose, he shook his hand under the smart of the wound, and shook blood over Biderhood's drees. I When dinner was done, and when what re mained of the plotters end what remained of the congealed gravy had been put back into what remained of the pie, which served as an economical investment for all miscellaneous savings, Biderhood filled the mug with beer 1 and took a long drink. And now he did look at Bradley, and with an evil eye. " T'otherest!" he said, hoarsely, as he bent across the table to touch his arm. " The news lias gone down the river afore you." " What news f" "Who do you thick," said Biderhood, with a hitch of his head, as if he disdainfully jerked the feint away, " picked up the body ? Guess." " I am not good at guessing anything." "She did. Hooroar! You had him there agin. She did." The convulsive twitching of Bradley II cad stone's lace, and the sudden hot humour that broke out upon it, showed how grimly the intelligence touched him. But he said not a single word, good or bad. He only smiled in a lowering manner, and got up and stood leaning at the window, looking through it. j Biderhood followed him with hie eve* Ridm. hood cast down his eyes on his own besprinkled clothes. Riderhood began to have an air of | being better at a guess than Bradley owned to being. " I have been so loDg in want of rest," said tbe schoolmaster, " that with your leave I'll lie down again." "And welcome, T'otherest!" was the hospit able answer of his host. He had laid himself down without waiting for it, and he re mained upon tbe bed until tbe sun was low. When he arose and came out to resume his journey, he found his host waiting for him on tbe grass by the towing-path outride tbe door. " Whenever it may be necessary that you and I should have any further oompranicition together," arid Bradley, "I will come back. Good-night!" " Well, since no better can be," said Bider hood, turning an bis heel, "Good- night!" But he tamed again as the other set ibrth, and j added under his breath, looking after him with a leer: "You wouldn't be let to go like that, j if my Relief warn't as good ae come. Fll catch j you up in a mile." In a word, bis teal time of relief bring that evening at sunset, his mate came lounging in within e quarter of an hour. Hot staying to fill up the utmost margin of his time, but j borrowing an boor or so, to bs repaid again when be should refiere bis reherer, Biderhood j straightway followed on tbe track of Bradley Headstone. He was a better follower than Bradley. It j bad been tbe calling of his life to slink and skulk and dog and waylay, and be knew his | catling well. He effected such a foroed march on leaving tbe Lock Bouse that he was close up with him—that is to say, as close up with him as he deemed it convenient to be—before another Lock was passed. His man looked hack pretty often as he went, but got no hint j of him. He knew how to take ad rentage of the ground, and where to put the hedge be tween them, and where the wall, and where j to duck, and when to drop, and had a thou sand arts beyond the doomed Bradley's slow conception. But, all his arts wen brought to a stand- I still, lake himself, when Bradley, taming iota s green lane or riding try'the river-side—s j sohtaiy spot mm wild in nettles, briars, and | brambles, and encumbered with the scathed | trunks of a whole hedgerow of felled trees, on j the outskirts of a little wood—began stepping j on them again, apparently as a schoolboy might have done, but assuredly with an schoolboy purpose, or want of purpose. " What are you up to?" mntteead Bider hood, down in the ditch, and holding ths hedge a little open with both hands. And soon bis icoou made a moec ernaoTQinary reply. "By George and the Draggin!" cried Biderhooa," tfhe ainta going *0 bafta!" Ha bad paeaed back, on and among the trunks of two* again, and had pawed on to (he aster-fide end had begun undreuing on the gram. For • moment It bad a aaapiaoBf look of aukade, fmoged to counterfeit accident. «But yon wouldn't bare fetched a bundle under yonr aim, fen among that timber, if atufenaa your game faaidBidediood, Sew* thelew it war a relief to 1dm when the hatha: after a -plnrige fnd f bi itiokea ouneaat. "For I shouldn't," beaaid inafeding manner, " h»ve like*tolo»e'you till Thai made more money out of yon neither," Prone in another dttdi (jii had changed hie • ditch u hie mtnhad changed hie poei&m;), • and holding apart apamaU a-patch of the -hedge that the ah&rpeet; eyat could not bare detected him, Bqgne Bideofcood watched the bather dressing. And now gradually oeme the tnmder that he ataod op, completely? cMbedt iuwthermHV and pot the Bargeman.' ."Ahar'atidBidethood. "Hoehai yw' . wd» drejegsd'(fortnight X eee. You're a talcing me with yon, now. You're deep.Butl know j*£tn*&,An '-i t" Y >< . .4 • .iv » » • . .^handhe bftfrrr fwl fr'u^*d drrtthigj^r' Satededjm the firm* doing eometidt^with . |ij«'ifrfcin -ftp Ykaddt^-ail aKnpd him w •great attention, be-then wonttotherioar'a ^.y^lii^ftdiiy^wiayethi lightly ae he 1^&v;^'lt>'',me~'hOt"nniiI he wia'aa deetdedjjynptmhie ar^igtlnaato bebeyond abend ofiherimrand fcr fl%iidi*>tt of **9*, <*f aeld' Bldondtdtteti, «ttH Idlowjng, "Iconld make you ooiae rttJjBe e^orteould find '■ r|rtd*tnwdfaer, to. go a fishing, others might.—Hi let yeu toose this once, and go * fishing'With that lie suddenly dropped the pureuit and turned. The miserable man whom he had released ^ for the time, but not for long, wentonfowaidr London. Bradley auspWone of wveiy sound he hoard, mid of every feoe he. eew, but wee under e apett which eery commonly foils upontheabeddwof blood, and had no aus picionofthe real danger that lurked in hie life, and would have it yet. Biderbood wae muoh in hie thoughts—had never boon out of his though'8 eince the night-adventure of their first meeting; hut Eiderhood oocupied a very different place there, from the place of pursuer i and Bradley had been at the pains of devising so many means of fitting that place to him, and of wedging him into it, that his mind could Dot compass the possibility of his occupying any other. And thia ia another spell against which the aheddw of blood for over strives in vain. There are fifty doors by i ' which discovery may enter. With infinite I pains and atoning, he double locks and bare | forty .nine of them, and cannot aee the fiftieth I gto&ding; vide open* ' Now, too, was he cursed with a state of mind more wearing and more wearisome than remorse. He had no remorse j but the evil doer who can hold that avenger at bay, cannot escape the slower torture of incessantly doing the evil deed again, and doing it more efficiently. In the defensive declarations and pretended confessions of murderers, the pur suing shadow of thia torture may he traced through every lie they telh If I had done it as alleged, is it conceivable that. I would have made this and this mi-tehe ? If I had done it as alleged, should I have left that unguarded place which that false and wicked witness against me so infamously deposed to i The slate of that wretch who continually finds the weak spots in his own mime, and strives to strengthen them when it is unchangeable, is a etete that aggravates the offenoe by doing the deed a thousand times instead of once; but it is a elate, too, that tauntingly visits the offence upon a sullen unrepentant nature with its heaviest punishment every time* Bradley toiled on, chained heavily to the idea of his hatred and his vengeance, and thinking how he might hare satiated both in many better ways than the way he had taken. The instrument might have been better, the spot and the hour might have been better choeen. To batter a man down from behind in the dark, on the brink of a river, TO wefi hv V-H0L~- ■ - lisabled, whereas he bad turned and seised his assailant; and so, to end it before chance help came, and to be rid of him, he had been hurriedly thrown backward into the river before the life was folly beaten out of him. Kow if it could be done again, it must not be so done. Supposing his head, had been held down under water for a while. Supposing the first blow had been truer. Supposing he bad been ehot. Supposing he had been strangled. Suppose this way, that way, the other way. Suppose anything but getting from the one idea, for that « inexorably impossible. The school reopened neat day. The eaw little or no change to their caster's free, for it always wore its ttowly labouring expression. Bat, as he heard bis classes, he was always doing the deed and doing it better. As he paused with his piece of chalk at the black board before writing on jt, he was thinking of the spot, and whether the water was net deeper and the. fiffl straighter, a little higher up, or a little tower down. He bad half a mind to draw a line or two open the board, and show himself what he meant. He was doing it again and im proviiig on the maimer, at prayers, to his mental arithmetic, all through bis questioning, »B through the day. Cbulev TWht™ vu % maatee now, to ther school, under another head. » Diner ecuwu, — -; . .. evening, and Bradley was walking in to. garden oteerved from behind a blind by gentle littlr Mi» Fooeher, who contemplated offering him a loan of her smelling salts for h—d"!*' when Mary Anne, to faithful attendance, hdd up her —— "Tea, Mary Anne?" " Young Mr. Hexham, if you please, ma am, coming to see Mr. Headstone." a Very good, Mary Anne.** " Very good, »aiy sure" AEaiD Mary Anne held up her arm. « You may speak, Mary Anne ?" "Mr. Headstone Iras .beckoned young Mr. T.vW. into his boose, ma'am, and hehaa iQuf in himself without- wmting far young ^ * Bexham to come up, and now to has goneja too, ma'am, and has shut the door." « With all my heart, Mary Anne." „ Again Mary Anne's telegraphic arm wwfced. "What more, Mary Anne?" ' "They must find it rattier dull and dark, Hise Peedher, for the parlour blind's down, and neither of them puBs it np." __ " There i, m> accounting," said good ■ Peecher with a little ad «gh which eh* re pressed by frying her hand on ha tmt methodical hoddice, "there isnoaooounting tot taste*, Mary Anne." . Charley, entering the d*A room, atopped' abort when be *v hi* old friend in it* yrilow ■hade. ' "Pome in^HnrHem, oomein.** Charley adTanced to Wie the hand that »u held out to Win | hot etopped again, ahoit of it. The hsary, bloodshot eye* of the adhool muter, riling to hit but frith aneCxt, met till look of eorotiny. .. " Mr, tiioiQfitterP. mmi* : ""Mr.Hted«ton<y bmyoaliatrdthenewrf Thi« nem about the fellow, Mr; Eugene' Wraybwnf trh*theUMledf "Eebdttri, then l" etdnimed Brndley. loung Eexam standing looting at 1dm, in( moutened bit lipi with hb tongoe,'5I«>ke<l about the monv {fetwedi wUriefeaaee ffil, end looked down. "Zlpeerdoflbe outrage,'' aid Bradley, trying tooraetnin Wworilng tnouth," but I lod jwt hmrd titMjpArjf it*1 r"*' When were t dgui he towerad hie .eoice, tUftee it wu doner [tfrpt tfimmm. ' .pse,: Mr. Sfaiddjianv^tj^ tqpWrtr/ wiwfraf it liind't ? \- Tbe wwW^ owetw n^ ncdlrij' nn&rivfiiii; winjirie^oit.'• AM ulr'of ltper'nadleo|^tee'tihi>1iiAn«y hintiilB*rhibklt»fc,:\ •.-.: ■ - • "Jtfe for«je to apeak, not you," neid t ^ wjr^yl^ lamgobtg tofot your iriftftoawSiSfcff fi> .nr.. j- ■] 5ntttgb»i^nliA^«n>MdiipT?^e8a^'j^»a pijtft • am-ana why T will, bare petting more id <£» i with you." • **' " " '" f' Shloofced et young Horlum u if he were Uniting <«»eohoUr to go on with § leuoa ^ W ,4'rfO .' '■ . ' 7. : f _. -7.*^i *''* -*-' *!■ ^*"' that he knew by heart end tree deadly tired ot But he lied eaid his fast word to him. " If you had my part—I don't say whet— in this attack," pursued the boy,"or-If you know anything about it—I don't say bow toueh^otlf yon iriow woo uin tc—1 go no j closer—you did an injury to toe that's novcr to be forgiven, Ton know (bat,I toot you with me to his chamber* in tho Temple when I told him myopiuion -of him, and made myself ; responsible for my opinion of you. You know 1 that I toot you with toe whan I was watching him with a view to recovering my eister and bringing her to W senses j yon know that I bare allowed myself to be mixed up with you, all throqgh this bnsinem, in favouring your I desire to many my aiater. And how do you know .that, punning the ends of your own rioloDt temper, you hare not laid mo open to suspicion P Is that your gratitude to\toe, Mr Headstone f" j Bradley sat looking steadily before, him at I the veeant Air. As often as young Hexam j stopped, he tumed his eyes towards him, as lf 1 he wore waiting far him to goon with the lesson,. and get it done. As often as the boy assumed, Bradley resumed his fixed bee. "I am going to be plain with you) Mr. Headstone" said Hexam, slaking bis head in a half-threatening manner, " because this is no time for affecting not to know th'mga that I do know—except certain things at which it might not be rety safe for you to hint again. What I mean is this: if yon were a good master, I was a good pupil. I hare done you plenty of credit, and in improving my own reputation I lure improved yours quite as touch. Very well then. Starting on equsl: terms, I want to put before you how you hare tJiown your gratitude to me, for doing all 1 oonld to further your wishes with reference to j my sister. You bare compromised mo by , being seen about, with me, endeavouring to counteract this Mr. Eugene Wrayburn. That's the first thing you have done. If my character, and my now dropping you, help me out ot that, Mr. Headstone, the debreraooe is to be attributed to mc, and not to yon. Ho thanks toyouforit!" ** ire.. abmnino uainl & moved bis eves again. «• I am going on, Mr. Headstone, don t you be afraid. 1 am going on to the end, and I have told you beforehand what the end is. How, you know my stoiy. You are as wdl awixe as lam, that I hare had many disad vantage to leave behind me in life. You hare heard me mention my father, and you are tuf toisaiy acquainted wire fact «>» the home from which I, at I may say, escaped, might have been a more creditable one than it was. My father died, end then it might bare been supposed that my way to respectability wis pretty deer. Ho. For them mj eister begins.' He spoke as confidently, and with as entire an absence of any tell-tale colour in bis cheek, as if there were no softening old time behind him. Hot wonderful, for there sear none in his bollow empty heart. What is there but self, far scffiahnwn tc see behind it? "When I speak of my eister, X devoutly wish that you h»d never seen her, Mr. Head stone. However, yon did see her, and that's useless now. I confided in yon about her. I explained her character to yon, and how she interpoeod same ridiculous fanciful notions in the way of our bring as respectable as I tried far. You fall in lore with her, and I favoured you with til my might- She could not be in doeed to favour you, and sows came into col lision with tfaJ* bfn4togewa Wraybora. 'Krw, what have you done J Why, you hare joati | Cod my sifter in being firmly set against yon I from first to last, and you have put ms in the | wrong again! And why bare you done it? Because, Mr. Headstone, you are in all your pasaiona so selfish, nod so oonoentreted upon yonmsH that you have not bestowed one proper thought on me." The oool conviction with which tbs boy tool up and held his position, oould have been derived from no other vice in hitman nature. "It is," be want on, •rind]/ with tears, my life, that every efihrt X make towards per fect respectability fa impeded by somebody I else through no fault of mine! Hot content with doing what I have put before yon, yon will dreg my name into notoriety through | dragging my sister's—which you are pretty sure to do, if my suspicions bare any founda tion at ell—and the worse yon prove to be, the harder it will be far me to detach myself from bring areoristrd with yon in people's When he bad dried bis eyes and heaved a sob over his itgoria^fae began moving towards the door. . "However, I Inure.made up my mind thgt X will become respectable in the note * of society, and that I will not bs dragged down by' othem. I hire dons .with my eister es well os with yon. ffinoe dreoares so little far me as to nam nothing .fair undermining my respectability, rim shall go hsrway and XwjD go mine. My proapeota are wcry good, and I mmn to fallow them alone. Mr. Headstone, I don't ay what you tore got upon your conacaeooe, for Idon*t know. Winterer liea upon %l hopeytaanlleeethejwMaeor keep* ing wide and dear «fm^ and will find a con aeration in ©ompletajy aionwaring all tut; youneU. I hoj*, before many yaw are out, toauooeed the liiaata te »y prcMntat&ool;, *nd the jniitreM baby • ingle nomen.'thoqft eorne ytere elder |hen t tun, I vsi&t; f*en meny bar. If it b eiiy,oftLfc>^ knew whetpliitf l a^ rmkfnt fajr toepig fngnelf sodMj,tlwieaee tiuplm eft prmmtooxcrdag tome. In MndafiNv.tf youfoel *eeneeof h»rfagli(jeredr^^%|iiieiretow*keeome uniO. reperefloa, i j^ yiw wjll think ^air Wet It e&mtgetli;»t,4fce wwtefced tn*n yheiiVI teke Hdi |ei^ly to bcutf ?etii)i Jt.fcri tikeo lhe«»a»yi«wilitflW^^;dni4jeiy end iii'iiii^lliLiif! Mf* i. path*]* e funHy i ire mfcleuflfof due end roiei befcreen JBJgjriW* ^Jgrter emoto Mb iiud .Jbf •hWiiMiff . derated fiatf there, with fbepraqpll inghi* JwtftMitofc^lBlW^^leittMerjr, ' nrflle^T#eetiito't#Bi.''" . MKlBMHjilfljK sSSSflRk bed retried hii fi>hhon*> tefleehweter Weir Wl4»kbm*ini* 