THE INKEKMANN GUTTER. SIR,-ID reply to a letter ot this day's issue, neaaea "The Inkermann Gutter," 1 would call the attention of the writer to one or two points raised, viz., Hint he states having informed me of the correct depth of the Durham Company's shaft, I answer he did about ten days ago, but he having failed to tell the public I will, viz., 280 feet, I reminded him that a deduc tion of 5 feet for surface elevation was required. However, since the publication of my letter he tells me there is 20 feet of a dip in their workings, This may or may not be true. However, in the trendiogs of the Swamp gutter we have, better information than he is able to give. He distinctly calls for n geological survey, posBibly to find out where and what himself is about. Perhaps the subjoined report of one most able to do it, not only in Ballarat but in the colony, who has already obtained the first Government prize as an essayist in mining engineer ing and geological science will show him-Mr liosales, in whose hands I leave the question, well knowing that the public of Ballarat wonld never look for information to such an individual as the author of that miserable attempt at explanation. I will endeavor to answer these allegations in reference to the Inkermann and Durham Junction Gold MiniDg Company, Boyd's Paddock, Sturt street, viz., the selling shares at 2s premium. I am glai to state that I have succeeded in selling nearly 1000 this week, and would say, while there is a chance of EO valid an investment, the public will never allow their money to bo wasted under tile managementof the Durhamswampum and Company. I would ask) can 2s premium be realised on thiir etock; or is it not a proverb throughout the mining community for mismanagement? I have known the company for a period of seven years, and after all their efforts can they get 2s premium? In conclu sion, I would recommend the writer for the future to discuss public questions on their merits, not de scending-to Ecurrilous attacks on men or their pri vate business; though I thank him in this instance as I have been able to sell more Bhares at 2j pre mium. Once more, it the Swamp gutter be trend ing west, how comes it that they are driving their reef drive to the south? Theannexed report will bIIOW : "Sir,-In compliance with your favor, 31st ultimo, and with your verbal instructions, I beg to Btate that I have carefully examined the subject upon which you wished to have my opinion, and have now to Teport »b follows:-In the accompanying litbological plan, which embraces the whole of the country between WeBt Ballarat and Lake Burrumbeet, I have accurately laid down the contour lines, showing the boundary of tlie basalt and schistose formations. A Rlance at the plans shows that the vast extent of basalt rock which stretches from Yuille's Swamp fur ther west than Lake Burrumbeet, and further north than ehown on plan, is bounded to the south-west by a bold schistose formation topped by the 11 old diggings," and the Sago Hill" shallow auriferous drifts, l-om the latter of which, besides a westerly drift, there also starts a lead already traced below the basalt, and bearing in an easterly direction. This schistose formation is the ;urtbe»t point north of the wide schistose range which divides the ancient main channel of tho Ballarat leads from that of Smythesdale. To the north-ea6t and east the ba saltic formation is bounded by the Dead Horse and Mopoke schistose ranges, from which spring the gulliex that form the Inkermann lead. This lead fol lows the course of the two principal spurs thrown off from the latter schistose raDge, and which can be traced in a south westerly direction to the eastern eide ot Yuille's Swamp, after which they are over lapped by basalt. It was on the furthest north of these epurB, and not far from the Swamp Lead (vide plan) that the lead was first discovered. The bear ing of this lead is on an average south west, the dip of the gutter considerable, and the greatest known depth is 280 feet below the surface of the Durham shaft. On the plan I have marked the >? course of the Inkermann Lead from its source to the claim of the Victoria Company, where the face of the gutter nearest your claim is, according to a plan I saw in your company's office, 17J feet lower than one of the "faces" in the Leviathan Company, and the distance between the nearest ends in 6aid companies is about 390 feet, although both ends of the gutter have not been connected, yet there is every reason to believe that thegutter in the Victoria Company's claim is the Inkermann Lead. The last bearing of the gutter is about north-west, the dip of the same is, X was in formed, on an average 2 per cent, a dip which I con eider cannot last long, and the greatest known depth is 338 feet from tho surface at the Victoria shaft. Prom the south westerly overage line oi bearing ol the Swamp and Inkermann leads, and pf the spurs on both eides of the latter I ipfer that the present north westerly bearing of the Inkermann gutter in the Victoria Company is anomalous, the more so that the elope of the spurs, or subjacent schistose forma tion continues to the south-west, for (without taking account of surface levels, such not being necqssary in this case) the Hand-in-Hand having bottomed at UO feet, the Tannery at 175 feet, the Great Western, Srot bore, at 177 feet, and tho second having been lost at the depth of 160 feet in the first rock evidently shows that the slope of the bed rock is towards the south-west. Besides, bearing in mind the relative dip and depths of the Swamp and Inkermann gutters, it is reasonable to conjecture that the former-the gutter of which is at a fifty feet higher level and dipping faster than the Inkermann -is trending towards the latter, with which it will probably junction at a depth of perhaps 350 feet, somewhere south-west of Yuille's Swamp. From there the united leads will trend towards deeper ground, i.e., in my opinion towards tlio main chan nel of the Ballarat leads, crossing the deep ground proved by the Perseverance bore-which deep ground defined to the east by the spur on which the Greit Western bore, &c;, bottomed, and to the west partly by the shallow depth to which the old Vic toria boro was sunk-for, according to my obser vations, I do not anticipate the discovery of any outlet sufficiently deep and close to the north of Yuille's Swamp to carry off the Inkermann channel. Tbe nearest deep ground to the north that I am aware of is that oi the Suburban Lead, tbe gutter of which at the Oriehtal Company's shaft is 300 feet below the surface, which is several feet higher than the surface of the Durham shaft, i.e., the gutter of the Suburban Lead, which is about three-quarters of a mile to the north of the Swamp Lead. Again, the fact of the depth to which the old Perseverance bored, being 309 feet, without reaching the bed rock and that at which the Band of Hope No. I shaft bottomed being 270 feet, goes to show that in this locale the deep ground is at a higher level than that of the 3allarat main channel at the Extended and No. 2 shaft of the Band of Hope, at which former point the depth of the main gutter is about 370 feet below the surface of the No. 1 shaft of the Band of Hope. When, how ever, at the same time the levels between tho Extended, AIWOD, Working Miners, and Princa of Wales are taken into consideration, proving that the Ballarat main channel dips 17 feet from tbe Extended to the Albion, and about the same ratio towards the Working Miners and Prince of Wales, then il seems | to me that it is evident that the deep ground is near the No. 1 shaft of the Band of Hope, &c.; The ques tion arises, then, what is the deep ground about the No. 1 shaft of the Band of Hope? That it is the outlet channel of a lead coming from the west cr north is the only conclusion I can come to after due consideration of all the foregoing; and in either case ttie Inkermann would ultimately be found to bend itB course towards said channel, either by itself or alter having functioned with some other lead. In conclusion, I beg to recapitulate briefly, stating that all the evidence I have obtained from personal obser vations, &c;, goes to show that tbe Inkermann lead will in ail probability trend towards thi main chan nel of the Ballarat leado, and that in so doing it will pass through the deep ground in the vicinity of the No. 1 shaft of the Bond of Hope. I remain, Sir, yours respectfully, Henry Rosales, M.E." The fore- going report embraces all that I wish to say at pre- sent on the gutters trending question. I have the honor to be, Your obedient servant, JOHN CROWTHER. Ballarat, 30th June. THE DAYLESFORD MURDER. - The Mercury says: -" Mounted-conBtable Brady has been suddenly ordered for New Zealand; and, if our information be correct, bis mission has some relation to the late mysterious murder in Albert street." TIIE ANGLICAN AKD GREEK CHURCHES,-Very few people outside the Anglican Churcb, probably, take much notice of what passes either in the upper or lower bouse of Convocation, but a report brought up on a project for an inter-communion between the Church of England and the Russo-Greek Church, and prospectively of all the divisions of the Greek Churcb, may be regarded as having a more general interest. We take the following report as em bodying all the points of interest in the matter: " The Rev. Chancellor MaBsingberd brought up tho report of the committee appointed by command of his his Grace the President and their Lordships of the Upper HoUBe, 18G3,' to com municate with tho committee appointed at a recent Synod of the bishops and clergy of the United States of America, as to intercommunion with the Russo Greek Church, and to communicate the result to Convocation at a future session,' which was read as follows:-' That as the limited power conferred upon your committee by the terms of their appointment did not authorise them to enter into direct inter course with the authorities of the Eastern Church, the report of their proceedings will be mainly occu pied with the account of their communications with the Committee of the Convention of the Church in the United StateB on the same subject. The action oi Convocation in appointing this committee was hafled with great satisfaction by the American Churcb, and the intercourse between tho mem bers of the two committees has been of the most friendly and cordial character. Your com mittee were favored by the Hon. Mr Ruggles, a distinguished statesman, and eminent member of the American Committee of Convention, with some par ticulars of his visit to Russia. And ot their first meeting they had the advantuge of personal commu nication with the l!ev. J. F. Young, the Secretary of the Committee of the American Convention, and whom, in compliance with the terms of their com mission, they had invited to attend their meeting. But your committee, not being required by the terms of their commission to report at the next Session, were induced, in consideration of the extreme deli cacy of the questions involved, to defer their report until the present time. The now proceed to record the progress that has been made. Mr Young and Mr Ruggles were both received in the most cordial manner by the Metropolitans of Moscow and S6. Petersburg and other members of the Holy Govern ing Synod, who expressed their earnest interest in the question, and their desire to co-operate in any measures having for their object the restoration of unity. The Committee of the American Convention have begun to issue a series of papers with the object of recording their own proceedings, and giving information as to the principles and prac tices of tho Eastern Church. It is an instance of the increasing interest that is taken in this question at home, that your committee are enabled to state to the House that there has been formed in England an association called ' The Eastern Church Association, which already numbers among its patrons the Most Rev. the Archbishop of Belgrade, the Most Rev. the Archbishop of Dublin, with several more of our English bishops, the principal objects of which are to inform the English public as to the Btate of the Eastern ChurcheB, and to make known the doctrines and principles of the Anglican Church to the Christians of the East. Your committee has been favored, at their last meeting with the presence of the Very Her. Arehpriests Popoff and Wassilieff, chaplains to the Imperial Embassies of Russia at Lon don and Paris, from both of whom they have received the most cordial assurances of personal co operation. It would be premature to lay down any principles or conditions on which it may seem to your committee that such intercommunion as is contemplated may be brought about; further than this-to establish such relations between the two communions as shall enable the laity and clergy of either to join in the sacraments and offices of tho other without forfeiting the communion of their own church. That any overtures towards such an object should be made, if possible, in co-operation with those Churches with which the Church of England is in communion; and that such overtures, when ever made, should bo extended to the other Eastern Patriarchates, and not confined to the Russo-Greek Church. With this view your committee ask leave to sit again, and suggest that it the Convocation of York should think fit to delegate any of its mem bers to sit with theni, they should be authorised to confer with them, and aUo to co operate with any committees of other branches of theAuglican Com munion. Your committeo, citing the words of the venerable Patriarch and Synod of Constantinople, that' the Onhodox Church of the East has never ceased to oiler with tears fervent prayers to her God and Saviour, Who maketh of two One, breaking down the middle wall of separation between them, that Ho may bring all churches into one unity, giving them sameness of faith and communion of the Holy Ghost,' conclude with the words of the prayer familiar to us all, " That as there is but one body and one spirit, and one hope of our calling, one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of us all, so we may henceforth be all of one heart and one soul, united in one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith and charity, and may with one mind and one mouth glorify God through Jeaus ChriBt our Lord." The report was ordered to be printed and circulated, and, on the motion of the Rev. Chan cellor Massingberd, the committee obtained leave to sit again. 