Quautz CausiiiNg Company. — All adjournod meeting of persons interested in gotting lip a Quartz Crushing Company 'to work MncDonnld's lloof at t he Peak Downs, was held on Saturday nt Mr. Mansfield's new store, Quay-street. Mr. Mansfield was niovuil to the chair. After a good deal of dis cussion the following lesolutions were adopted : 1st. That a Company should he formed lo bo called the Peak Downs Quartz Mining nnd Crushing Company, (Limited.) 2nd. Thai the capital of the company should be £20,000 in shares or £1 each, anu -tm/u to lio allotted lo the present owners of Macdonald s heel, alter having been tested nnd approved hy tho directors of tho Company. 3rd. That a Provisional Directory should he appointed, to consist of Messrs. Vcez, Hunter, Morgan, anil Palmer and Mansfield, with power lo add to their number. 4lh. That Mr. Shaw bo requested to act ns Provisional Secretary. 5th. That a prospectus should bu drawn up and submitted to tho Provisional Direc tory at a meeting to bo held this day, at throe o'oloclc, at Mr. Mansfield's store. A vote of thanks Lo the chairman closed t ho proceedings. We think the meeting showed a very sound dis cretion in making the allotment of £'1000 worth of shaves to tho proprietors of the Macdonahl's lloef, contingent oil tiie approval by-tlio directors of tho elaiin. There have been " duller " reefs, too many not lo make llie greatest caution necessary. The opinion both of those present at the meeting as well ns the general public, is that there is nny amount of auriferous and payable quartz at the Punk Downs. It docs not follow, luiwcvcr, that Macdonald's lteef is any richer than others. It wpll at least bo prudent lo have reliable, informal ion from a practical minor of our own choosing. This neod not cost nny great expense, and if tho test applied should not prove satisfactory the calls — minus the necessary expenses of testing tho reef, will bo returned. Judging by the strong lesti-' inony furnished by tho Sydney Mint rend nt the meeting by Mr- llensusnn, and which has already been published, and by tho evidanco of all who have been at theso diggings tlicro is littlo doubt of their richucHB, anil that n Quartz Crushing machine will pay well. As tho calls will not, according to Mr. Densusnii's calculations, exceed Is. in the pound, nnd only four or fivo calls will sufilco to procure nnd set going the necessary' machinery, ivo trust tliiit tiie shares will bo taken lip with spirit. Two hundred shares represent in probable callB only £10. 'L'horo nre few of onr merchants who cannot afford to absolutely risk that sum. Once' the Company gets a start the shares will go oil' quick enough, with a good directory of which a very business-like nucleus already exists in the Provisional Directory, there: will be evory gnnraiiteo against rash speculation. Every householder and clerk in lloekhnmpton ought to tnko five or ton shares. Tho calls on fivo slinvcs in font' months would bo only ten shillings. If there were never a return, tho chnnccs of im proving ourselves, and tho Peak Downs disirict aro so great that no one should hesitate about taking a few shares. Tiib ltuisiiANF. Diggings'. — York's Hollow has turned out a duller. The men engaged in pros- peeling tho locality have commenced woiking another shaft. There is some talk of forming n company, but the lirishnnitcs aro slow to beliuvo that there is any gold under the surface of the metropolis, or that it is worth tho trouble of digging lor it, when the Treasury is so near, nnd any quantity of tho metnl can bo got for Brisbune for tho trouble of ashing " my Government." Nuisance. — Wo would invite the attention of the Inspector lif Nuisances to the Queen's wharf, under which nn tliiuiistakeablo nosegay is in process of formation from tho shooting of night ' soil through ils bars. An inspection of the nuisance 'is scarcely necessary, as its presence makes itself perceptible to moro than one sense. The accumulations of filth in nil pavts of tho town will soon breed a plague unless the inspector fol lows his nose, or our advice. Rkautifui. Brisbane. — Tho Leader dcscribos Brisbane ns " Die city of foul smells," and jndig- nnntly ask can any one conccivo a city of 20,000 inhabitants without a sewer, a drain, or a supply of water. The Government aro callous nnd indifferent, tho Town Council asleep, nnd the people aro being poisnnod b.v tho incapacity of their rulers. Let our Brisbane friends take honrt of grace. Mr. Mncnlistor has mndo a political speech nt Toowoomha. Mr. Herbert is going for a holiday, and will send in his little bill when lie reliirus, and a new edition of Maoaulcy is ordered. tV'iiat moro do the Ilrisbnnites want ? Drains indeed 1 These homely Lliings are not seen afar off, there is no glory in them. Let llrisbauo keep its perfumes. Land Sauk. — A sale of nllotmonte in Ruck haniptoiT, Ynnnibs— North aud Bimtli.Clormoiit nnd Port Duuisun. will - bo hold , to-day by Mr. I'ntoii, at t.lio Bank Auction Rooms, nt 1 1 o'clock; Tlio Rockliampiou land consists of two freehold nnd throu leasehold lots ; North Ynnmbanf -six free hold and South Vnn in ha of two freehold lots ; Clermont of two and Port Donison of one lot in tho centre of the town. ' j . T.UK Land League.— A meeting of tho Cqm- niiltoo of t ho 'Land League- is conVonod for three o'clock on Wednesday, at the Municipal Cliiiinbers, nt wli iuh it is' understood' ' the programme of'tha .League will ho discussed,' and a'ciroiilaroinbodying tlio principles adopted by tlio Committee, be ordored lo bo printed for 'circulation throughout the colonies. Feury Leases.— The looso of -tho Uppor berry was Bold on Saturday hy Mr. Cpbhaiu for £110, nnd tlio lease of tho lower ono for £03 for the yonr I860. Considering lliu largo revenue derived from . these ferries during tho present year wlion loused for something approaching £800, it would not be unreasonable to expect Unit, sumo reduction should bo made in. the scale of charges, which arc at present vory high. Poi.ton. — John Dnndns was committed for tiial, on Saturday, at the next Assizes, for committing a rape on Margaret Tray nur, a servant in the oiripldymniit of Mr. Douglas of Gldnmoro. Roth aro recent arrivals, neither being moro thu.it throe months in the. colony. The girl was a passongor by tho ltoyal Dane . The prisoner reserved his dofonco. . Notice to Quit.—1 The logical Mr/'Miicalislor says—" That a long loaso of a run rfoos not mnko; tho tenure more socuro nor tiie run more valuable." 'if This bo True of runs 'it must apply as well to other properties. Our storekeepers anil House holders are fools to givo increased prices for houses and stores having long losses. Does not Tho astute and canny Minister for Lauds and Works notlice the very patent fact that if ho had a lease of office for twenty .or, thirty years that it would add to his security of tenure and make liis bertli moro vain- able? T'liis is tlio stuff that Wont down. at Too- woombn', and a specimen' of tlio cogent reasoning so admired by lliu Sydney Morning Herald. Such nonsense we have seldom hoard. What do his Rockhamptou toadies think of liis twaddle? Of course they must tie silent for the snko of " their broad and butter." To uso nn Eastern though ap plicable figure, " verily, thy servants aro dogs, and prepared to eat dirt." Fa lii Pray. — Wo ohservo in our contemporary tho Queensland Times that tiie Roeklmmpton news is gcnorally given under tho bending " from our filos" without. quoting any particular paper. To this wo don't object, but wo find bo departs from this practice sometimes. In bis issue or the 23rd, bo had several paragraphs from the Bulletin , tlio longest headed "salo of runs" from. tlio Argus. None of Those was acknowledged ; at tlio foot nro two short paragraphs from the, News duly quoted. Our, contemporary is too outspoken and fair to do this advisedly, hut it line happened moro than once, and on enquiry ho may detect tho cnuso of this puff direct. Wo ohservo similar manipulation in tho Guardian. Co i ton Maiiket. — Tho rocuporativo force of America will suon bo shown ill tho remarkably rapid resumption of tilings us thoy were bcforiAtho war broke out, nnd before long wo shall seo the cotton rolling in ns fast and as plentiful ns ever. "The American cotton trade, says the Philadelphia correspondent ol tlio Times, "is rapiuiy nppruiicii- ing the volume of fivo years ago, although tho groat Influx of cotton bales to tho various ports may bo but temporary, boing caused by a sudden rush of tho old slock to market. Tho supply, liowovor, shows no signs of falling off, and the receipts at New York siucu August 1, have been 830,000 bales per annum. l'liliENotoaY. — Mr. Oavauagh, tlio Phrenologist, has, it appears, been expatiating nt a public meeting held by bis Worship tlio Mayor of Sydney, upon tlio " humps' of tho ditl'erunt mumburs ol' tlio Legislative country lias also protty well felt by this t'..'.J; tho declared that tho animal prnponsilios preponderated greatly over the intellectual, that thuru was but, little reflective power in the Uouso; so that wtiuu tlio country got into a muss thoro was not sufficient brains amongst the lot of thorn lo tnko it ant of it. That the financial ombarrnssmonts of tlio Govern ment proved it, and that until mon' of phronclngieal development got into the Council of tho Statu, things would continue lo hu patched up, nnd the country go to the dogs. Wo would suggest the propriety of Mr, Cavanagh feeling tho bonds of some of our members, and giving publicity to his discoveries, hu might find smnothing in them, who knows? Quick Woitic. — " A novel contest (says the Tvlhol Leader) which created no small stir amongst the inombers of the trado, came off a few days ago between two butchers at CNeil's slaughter yard, Majorca. The contest consisted of killing and dressing four sheep in the shortest timo ami best manner. Judges having been appointed, and the liceessary preliminaries arranged, tho competitors set to work, and in lliu short space of 171 minutes, Warmold, the winner, completed his task ; the other competitor, whoso name wo did not luarii, occupied two minutes longer. The wager was for £5 a-sido." This is nuarly as expeditious as tlio time taken hy tho White Chapel butchers, who frequently dross a sheep in 2.j to 3 minulos. Beef no a Home. — Some of the beef cured by Professur Morgan's system in Sydney is now in Loudon, and it seems to have no fault but that of being thoroughly salted — a 'condition which is easily remedied hy a little additional soaking in fresh water. Once a start is made in this manu facture in Australia it is sure to increase, and, if successful (which I cannot doubt), may carry off nil your superfluous fat stock, and leave pecuniary results of a very satisfactory character. — Guar dian's London Letter. Devouring Affection — A 'mon tvns charged at Manchester with biting off a woman's uuder lip, and, upon being sentenced lo tlirco mouths' imprisonment with hard labor, tho savago exclaimed — "When I coino back I'll oat her." Uubat, Gi.oaious, and Fbke. — A Fenian writing from America to a friend in Ireland gives uotice of an approaching invasion. " You will soon liavo America at homo," lie writos " for Irolnnd is going to bo freed by America, and that boforo four months— and perhaps sco mo in Ireland once mere, ns tho steamers nro preparing hero for tho old country." Caftuue of a Tickkt-of-t.eave Man. — Some weeks ago the Adolnido police received a telegram .from Melbourne, asking thoni to bo on thu'outlook for ono James Richardson, alias Juntos Morgan, who bail left tlio sist-or colony without cave, by nn undue extension of his pnrnlo as tiokot-of-lcavo man. Ho was supposed to have lcfL Melbouruo in the Aiding a, and when that steamer -'arrived on the 7th October, diligent search was made for him accordingly. No Richardson nor Morgan camo to light, liowovor, but a female who passed us his wife under tho name of Susan Richardson, was on board. There being no special chnrgo against her nt that time she had to be allowed to pass. Tho Adclnid detectives were couvincod, notwithstanding their bootless search of tho Aldinga, that tlio man had found his way into llie colony. Thoy therefore enntinuod on tho alert, nnd after weeks of ferreting about they unearthed their gamo ycs.erdny. When Richardson was arrested nineteen sovereigns were found un him, nnd several oilier articles which had undoubtedly boon stolon. His history is that of a downright gaol-bird. In 1S5G, lie wns sentenced to ton years' penal servitude in Tasmania. By-and-by ho turned up nt Ballnrat, in Victoria, charged with Inrcony, burglary, assault, and various otlior littlo frolics, for which ho got throe years nnd seven months. Ho obtained a tiekot- of- loavc, and it is strongly suspected that tho first uso ho mado of it wns to cross to Auckland, and to commit a jewel robbory, which caused great excitement about six months ago. Ho is supposed to liavo returned to Victoria to dispose of his booty, nnd finding it difficult- perhaps lie had resolved to try Adelniilc. The mystery about how he per formed tlio transit is not yet satisfactorily oxplnind. lie says himself, and collateral evidence lias been discovered of a corroborntivo nature, that ho eninu it tho Aldinga on. tlio Gilt October. As tlio steamer was sourchcd, not only here on her arrival, but in Molbourno boforo hor doparluro, tho only alternative supposition is that lie had como in a packing-box, or somo such smuggler guise. He is a Yorkshiromaii of not very large mature (fivo loet- ono inch). - His wife has also licon Q'arrastcd',. charged with having tho proceeds of several, robberies in her possession, so thnt-tlio interesting pair will return in oompniiy to llioir head-quarters. — S. A. Jlegisler, November 8. " . Bon key's Sitiino,— Owing ,lp-, tho scarcity of water at tlio present time no loss than oiio hun- uruu unit bwumy uutma wuru uikuii iiuiu uuunujr o Spring, at 'the roar of Mr. Lawrence's, Uromorne Motel, yesterday morning. The domand no v. made upon this spring is at tho present timo immoiise. The whole. of the shipping in tho liny derive their supply front this 'source, whilst' the Brisbane loo Company V woiks' dro ' consuming considerable quantities in their manufactory at this season of Thoir year. Tlio spring is holding out surprisingly widl, scarcely, any diminution being perceptible. Tho demand for water is considerably increasing. — Leader. A MiDNiaiiT Steam-hide.— William Stoeveiis, a elennor of cnginos in tlio Bristol and Exeter Railway, was brought before the Taunton l'olioo-coiirt for in volving the mail train in a perilous situation. Ilis duty wns to clean. an engine culled .tlio Busy Boo every evening after tlio work of the day, and at luilf- past three on the following morning to light the fire so tiiat stonm could bu got up by six o'clock, and tho labors of another day commenced. On no upcount wns lie to meddle witli the machinery or attempt to move llie train, the driver laying on the lire and fill ing the boiler witli a sufficient quantity of water, 'i'lio elennor, nowovor, took a singular freak iutn his head, and determined to have a midnight vide if pos sible. Accor.lingly about midnight ho lighted tlio fito'of the engiuo, 'got up steam, and started the on- irStm Im Ititnirr tlm niilu liiHKinitiriitv 1 fn niwTftAivti tlui ino lie toru for two lnortnl- hours, and- not exactly knowing how to compress tho steam it blow" off in all directions, shrieking fonrftilly, nnd alarming tlio inhabitants living near the lino of railway. Tlio watchman ou ono of the bridgos was sorely affrighted at seeing nn ongino tearing madly along, backwards and forwards, with a solitary white face upon it, nnd ho came to tho conclusion, in tho darkness of tho night, 'that either ,a ghost, or tho Evil Olio hinisolf, had obtained a mastery over it. In ono of his excur sions Steovcns was about to enter the main lino of tho Bristol and .Exeter Railway, but ho fortunately heard tho noise of tho nppronch of a night innil from London. A minute or two later aud tho consequonco would have bouu fuarfiil to contemplate. At length, tired of his ride, lie look tho Busy Roo buck to the stntion, nnd lay down ,by lliu side of it to nwnit tho arrival of tho driver. At hnll-past four the driver runched thu scone, Imt when about 100 y. rds from it tho engine, blew up with a fearful explosion, tlio clunuor having uegloctcd to put more water in the boiler. Tlio most remarkable part of the story re mains lo he told. Tho elennor, though close to tho engine, was uninjured, owing to lving down. IIu certainly .was frightened, tho driver assorting that when lie camo up to liini his hair stood on end, " like quills upon a fretful porcupine." For this fronk ho was sentenced to a month's imprisonment, with hard labour. — English Payer. Mas. Mooun. — " On Soplombor 4th. nt Slopcrton Cottage, Mrs. Mooro, widow of tlio Into Thomas Moore, Esq.. author of ' Lalliili ltuokli,' ngud (!8," This is an announcement that one of tho Inst roses of n glorious suimuor has at loiigtli disappeared. Few nre now left of the brilliant company who adornod tlio onrly part of lliu ISth century, and whoso names are famous in our liteiaiuro. Among those names none is or will bo held in more kindly rc- iiiumhriuico than llint of the lady to whom tho poot Mooro gavo his hunrt. Mooro not only loved tier — no was promt ol ner. nnd it is delightful to sue in his letters nud in his diaries with what oagernoss ho sounded her praises. lie writes to his mother in 1813: — "You cannot imaguio what a sensation Bossy excited at tho ball tlio other night. Shu was vory prettily dressed, and certainly looked very beautiful. I never saw so much admiration uxcited, It strikes everybody almost that sees her how like the form ami expressions of hci- lace nro to Catnhini's I" And so through all his letters nnd journals lie is never tired of referring to Iter — quoting what alio sliid. telling what slio did, describing how sho looked, nnd' recording hair sho /riStnirylW'f'Ui\u.ii!"uiS''iu','(Vilis''oi'ie phrnsc1 — flint slio wns the delight of his lifo. Shu does not npponr to occupy a great place in his poetry ; hot it is ono of thu curious traits of many u poet that lie is excited to sing less by tho runl mistress of liis heart than hy some imaginary heroine, or hy some bounty that kindles a passing ilamo. Mrs. Mooro was not a Lesbin, nor a lluatrieo, nor a Laurn, nor a Highland Mary, destined in song to live for ovur s but ns much ns any of tliusc, if not inoio, sho was n pool's idol. Site died nt 3 o'clock oil tlio morning of Sept. -1. Slio wns sonsiblu to the ond ; slio know that sho wns dying; and slio said Hint sliu was quite happy. She was tlio Inst that remained to us of the Moore family, and now that she lias departed we begin to count, with somo sndooss, how many links aro there left to connect tlio present generation of letters with the past.— Home Hews. 