? : A' Very Unpleasant Chakge.— At the usual weekly sitting of the magistrates for the Hundred ,. VpffTaverham, in the county of Norfolk, on 16th .; September, the Eev. Samuel Hay ward, vicar of .Salheuse arid ''Soxhain, was charged with assaulting 'Sarah Webster.a girl about twenty year's of age, at; ????' Silhouse, oh Sunday, 3rd September. This gen tleman had the girl living in his service when she ' was only 15 years of age. and too1! advantage of her ' to lead her astray. She had a, child, and Mr Hay-; , ward paid some of her expenses, but he had neg-. .' leoted to pay, another bill after having promised to . dpBOj.and to obtain payment she went to his house, ? . ;-5hoosing Sunday be.cause, as she s«id,' on no other' .-.; day ; could she find him at home. He ordered her ' away and kicked her violently. The; magistrates lined the rev. gentleman *10, .and intimated their regret that they could hot inflict iipon him hard ^abor ; but they announced, their intention to send liiia to prison for three months , if he did not pay the money in two hours! It is understood that !.the,;Bishop of Norwich has suspended the' culprit ,' from the exercise of his ministerial funotions,' parid-' ing. an inquiry which his lordship has. resolved upon ; instituting, regarding 4the ' allegations made against him »by the complainant in giving her evidence when before the magistrates. ^ '.,]'./.''' ,., .'A Midnight Sxeam-hide. — William Steevens, a cleaner of engines on the Bristol and Exeter Rail-, , way, was lately brought before the Taunton police vc.enrt.for involving the mail train in a perilous situa tion. His duty was to clean an ? engine colled the Busy Bee every evening after the work of the day,' and at. half-past three. on the following morning to light the fire so that steam could be got up by six ?o'clock, and the labors of another day commenced. On no account was he to meddle, with the raachi , nery or attempt to move the train, the driver laying on the fire and filling the boiler with a sufficient ^quantity1 of water. The cleaner, however, took a uingular freak into his head, and determined' )to. have a midnight ride if possible. Ac-! oordingly about midnight he lighted the ., fire, of the engine, got ap the steam, and started the engine, he being the only passenger. Up and down the line he tore for two mortal hours, aad; not exactly knowing how, to compress the stqam it blew off in all directions, shrieking fearfully, and; 'alarming the inhabitants living near the line of railway. The watchman on one of . the bridges was \- Borely affrighted at seeing on engine tearing madly along, backwards and forwards, with a solitary, white jface upoa it, and he earae to the conclusion, in the darkness of the night, that either a ghost, or the Evil One himself, had obtained the mastery over it. In one of his excursions S-.eevens was about to enler ; the main line of the Bristol and Exeter Bail way, but he fortunately heard the noise of the approach of a night mail from London. A minute or two later and the consequences would have been fearful to con template. At length, tired of his ride, he took the 'Busy Bee back to the station, and lay down by the Side of it to await the arrival of the driver. At 'half-past four the driver reached the scene, but ' when about 100 yards from it the engine blew up with a fearful explosion, the cleaner having ne glected to put more water into the boiler. The laost remarkable part of the otory remains to be told. The oloaner, though close to tho engine, was tmininjnred, owing to lying down. He certainly 'wa* frightened, the driver asserting that when he came up to him his hair stood on end ' like quills qpon tho fr^iful porcupine.' For this freak he was sej -need to a month's iiaptiuoiiment, with hard 