AQUATICS. Open Boats In no part of Her Majesty 's dominions are boats better handled than in Sydney harbour, from the stately craft of the R.S.Y.S. to the tiny dingy manned by the half naked mudlark of Cockle Bay, they traverse Port Jackson in fair weather and foul, with an immunity from danger that is really wonderful. After the fleet of the R.S.Y. S., what are termed second class yachts claim my notice. They comprise deep keeled boats from 3 to 5 tons, half decked. As a rule, thoj aro fast little vessels and spread a large aroa of can- vas on very light spars, without much top hamper. They aro exceedingly well sailod, and always go the course whatever the woathor moy bo. Tho moat success- ful of this class are the Emma and Zephyr, both built by Gardiner. Thoir victories aud contosts have been in- numerable. The lianna is tho fastest boat in all weathers, and has won the largest number of prizes ; but iu heavy weather tho Zephyr generally overpowers her. They aro both small handy boats suitable for har- bour work, and wo should Uko to seo more of them. Tho most favourite boats, and of which there is a very largo fleet, are the open Bailing boats, 22 foot overall, to whioh they are limited by the Regatta regulations. They ure doop roomy boats, with fine entranco and great beam, and carry from one to two tons of ballast stowed underneath a platform, formiug a sort of dock bolow tho thwarts. Langford has hitherto been one of tho most successful builders of this class; and perhaps a third of the (loee has como from his hands-ono woll known gentleman having had anew boat from him ovory year for a long period, but who this season has transferred his order to Reynolds, who, wo behove, will turn out some- thing very fast and handsome Shoohy, of Woolloomooloo Bay, has also boen a suc- cessful builder. In addition to his former efforts, there carno from his hands last year tho (Sybil und Thought, both built on tho same prin- ciple as the Xarifa and Australia. They aro Uno roomy boats, and wdl carry their canvass in any w euther j but hu re uot beonso successful aa their builder expected, having to succumb on different occasions to tho Laura, Royal Oak, aud Leisure Hour. I fonoy that Sheehy's now idoas are not altogether suited for boats of this class, his line linos being brought' to an abrupt ter- mination in ordor to bring them within tho stipulated ovorall length-tn proof of which, I notico that the Thought is boiug lengthonod, which will curry her into tho same class as the Kinma and Zephyr, to whom, I fancy, sho will prove a formidable rival. The Royal Oak, by Russell of Pyrmont, is a wondorful littlo boat, and will take a great deal bf beating, although rather smaller than her new competitors, In addition to the boat in hand by'Roynolds, there are several spoken of, amongst which, ono by Yates of Woolloomooloo, to bo returned to her builder unless successful this season. Tho 22 feet boats have always boen an important link hi tho chain of our regatta programmos, and as thoy aro really Clio smart boats, coming within tho means of young mon in office, should be encouragod, more especially as they form a training school for yachtsmen, alford a manly recreation on holidays, aud with their numorous dots of snowy canvass, add oue more effect to the ihanv beauties of Port .faokson. VAN DEB. DECKEN'S GHOST.. 