THE NORTH SIDRE TRAGEDY AT SYDNEY. [Continued ] Harriet Kerr deposed : I am a married woman, anil sister to Bert rand, the prisoner. I arrived from Melbourne about six weeks ago, and went to live at his house in Wynyaru squire shortly a ter I ar rived he spoke of Mrs'Kinder, and said lie wished to make her his wife ; that he wisiied a divorce fioin his present wife He said lie was very much in love with this person, Mrs Kinder. I said 1 was very much surprised a; in his letters to me he said lie was living happily with his wife. I argued with him, and said that after being married for three years he should think of better things. I only had one con versation with him ou the subject of the divorce. About a week afterwards, or five or six days, early in the morning, just before breakfast and before leav ing my bedroom, Bertrand came into my room whilst I was washing the baby. He said, " Stay a minute, I have something to s'.y to you." He told me to sit down on the side of the bed, and asked me if 1 had read about the death of Kinder. I said I had ; he paused a little and then said, '. Kinder did not shoot himself ; he said I shot himI replied, " You must be mad to say such a thin_r " He said '? No, I am not mad ; I tell you 1 did shoot him " I s dd, " But how cruel of you to do so," and I put my hands to ray face. He pulled them down again. I was crying, and he said, '' Don't cry. I don't re gret what I have done." He said Kinder was in his way. He said he would do the same thing to an man who stood in his way ; he warned me not to tell his wife what he had told me. I remember nothing else that occurred at that time. tie said ho was jealous of Kinder, and thai he loved .Mrs Kinder very dearly. When he said he shot him, he siid he put the pistol in his hand ami a pipe in his mouth, and that afterwards he threw the pistol that ho shot him with into the harbor, lie did not say to nie that h-! put a card into Kinder's hand before he shot him. I was told so, but not by Mr Bertrand Winn I remonstrated with him, he said, "You need not be so hard upon me ; Kinder was g&ing; to shoot me, and had bought a gun to do so." He did not say from whom he had heard that; he said that it was well planned, and if it ever came before the public they would not believe it He said, " We planned it he said that more than himself planned it. We did not mention Mrs Kinder's name in that conversation. About three weeks after 1 had another conversation with him iu the dining-room, Iiis wife was present, but she was asleep on the sofa, She us-d to sleep a great deal. I thought it was not natural .sometimes; it was more like stupor. He then entered intj a con versation about the divorce from his wife. He used to beat his wife most brutally; this L observed while staving in the house. Speaking of the divorce, I told him how wrong his conduct was; his treatment of his wife was everything that was bad, wicked, and cruel. He attempted her life two or three times whilst I was in the house lie said he must marry Mrs Kinder. He said. " I don't want to kill Jane," meaning his wife, "but if 1 cannot get a divorce I shall get up an adultery case with some respectable married woman, and then Jane can sue me for a divorce " I asked him why he did not give up his thought of marrying that woman; he said he could not give her up. I said, " She must be a bad woman to be cognisant of the death of her husband; she could not make yon a good wife " I said she must be a bad womau; he answered " Yes, I know sl-e is a bad womau " He said that was why he must marry her, because she was a wicked woman. He said he would make a second L icretia of h r. He then paused, and, leaning over m'J, whispered, 'Kinder did not die by the shot; we poisoned him '' Us said she (pointing to his wife on the sofa) gave him the poison. He said the poison would never be discovered, and that he had enough poison in the house to kill half the people in Sydney He said it was very likely that before I went to Brisbane 1 should see his wile's funeral; several times he has spoken about Kinder, about seeing his ghost, and when he saw the color of liquors on the table, referred to it as blood. At one time he said he loved Mrs Kinder dearly, and at other times said she knew every wicked deed that could be committed, and that she was a devil's imp. He also said she was a clever woman. One night lie attempted to murder his wife, about a month ago. I was in the house at the time. He had been out, and came home at about one o'clock in the morning. He would never allow Mrs Bertrand a will of her own ' in the house. She was very frightened of him Speaking of some subject-I cannot remember what-Bertrand and his wife were talking and she dared to a-gue with him, when lie got up in a very excited state and said her time had come; that she must die. He took up a stick with a sling at the end, called a life preserver, and said he wanted to measure the exact spot where her brain was, so that he could kill her with one blow. She said, " Don't kill me; you promised me on your word of honor that you would not \- kill me." lie then raised the stick to strike, and I interfered; pleaded that for his mother's, for the children's sake, for all their sake*. he would for bear " He told me not to look at. him or speak to hi'n, and said, " Go out of the room or I will brain you " I went out of the room wiih fear and trem bling, my tongue cleaving to the roof of my mouth. I 'ried to call oat hut could not I thought he would murder her After I left the room he shut thu door. 1 managed to crawl to the top of the kitchen stairs 1 was so faint I could not walk then. I ca' ed for Bridget, the servant, and when she came up 5 said, " B idget, there is something dreadful hap pening in the parlor " Whilst I was speaking to her the handle of the door was turned, and I got up to the first landing of the stairs. Whilst sitting there I heard them saying something My brother said, " Now, Jane, I want you to go into the surgery," and she asked what for. He said, " I want you to write on this piece of paper that you are tired of your life, and that you poisoned yourself by your own hand." She said, '. No, I shall not write it." He said,/' I will make you." She said, " You may pour the poison down my throat, but I will not write anything Before the conversation began my brother had poured me out a little weak brandy and water, and whilst I was on the stairs I heard him say to Jane, " Drink that," meaning the brandy and water that he had poured out for me. He said, " i'rink it up." She drank it, Mrs Bertrand then came out, and we retired to our room for the night. Mrs Bertrand and I slept together. She slept with me the whole time I was there except one night; there was then a stranger, a lady visitor, in the j house. Mrs Bertrand, when she got into' the room, sat down on a chair quite exhausted, and to my astonishment fell fast asleep. I thought it was strange she should fill asleep so soon after so excit ing a scene. It was about ten minutes after drinking the brandy and water. On two other occasions he attempted her life; after the first con versation with my brother relative to the death of Kinder, Mrs Bertrand asked me why I was looking >o pale; what was the matter with me. I said I had been told something by Henry that I could scarcely believe to be true She said, " What did ha say to you?" I said he told me that he shot Mr Kinder. I nsked her, " Is that true?" She said, " Yes." This was in the dining-room. On the afternoon of the same day that my brother told me he had shot Kiudc, she said, " You know Henry and .Mrs Kinder and I are constantly visiting at the North Shore, and that, on one particular morning, Ilenry said, ' You must go over to the North Shore.'" She said Henry had often threatened to kill Mr Kinder. In reference to shooting him, she one day, in the parlor, warned Mrs Kinder about this; that Bertrand was going, or had threatened, to kill him. Mrs Kinder said, .' Tell him yourself " Mrs Ber trand said, Ci No; if it was my- husband that was to be shot I should tell him myself, and think I had a right to do it" The reply was something to that effect. She said that Henry was in love with Mrs Kinder, and that she (Mrs Bertrand) and her hus band were to be divorced in consequence of this. " he said they were living a comfortable life together, and were quite reconciled to the fact of a divorce, she being tired of the ill-treatment she had been re ceiving. She then told me that on one particular morning Bertrand told her that she was to go over to the North Shore and take the baby and Sophy (the nurse girl), bhe did not wish to go that morn ing because it was raining, and the baby would get wet He said she must go, and they did go. She said she noticed that when Bertrand came to the house (Kinder's) he seemed more serious than he had been for some time past, and seemed kinder to Mr Kinder Mr Bertrand was walking up and down the room very fast, and she noticed that he kept hia gloves on and one hand in his pocket. t«he said, I think, shortly after, B-rtraud and Kinder were talking about, the business affairs of Kinder, speaking of New Zealand, and reading let t-. rs from New Zealand. She further said that Mrs Kinder and herself we e standing at the window looking out when they heard tho report of a pistol, and on turning round she satv Mr Ki ider 'sitting in a chair and a pistol drop from his hand, and saw Bertrand place a pipe in Kinder's mou li, taking the pipe irom th^ table. Mrs Kinder ran out of the room. Bertrand followed her with a loaded piatol. put it to her head, and said if she did not go into the room he would blow her brains out. Airs Kinder came into 'he room. Bertrand then took hold of Mrs Bertraud's arm, and made her face Mr Kinder; she told ine the blood was then flowing from the wound, and thai Beitrand's fingers nearly met in the flesh, and he pinched her arm so hard that the marks were left for three weeks afterwards He said, " Now look at him-look at him well"-making her look. " I wish you always to see him before you;'' she said that after Kinder was shot they made her (Mrs Bertrand) nurse and attend upon him. She said she was doing all she could for the sick man to remedy the evil her husband had done. Mrs Kinder and Bertrand during neariv the whole time were acting in an improper manner, such as walking up and down the verandah with their arms around each other's waists. Some time after the .shot was fired she was looking round the room and said she saw something lying against the wainscot, and found it to be a bullet flattened. She said '' Mr Bertrand ran to me and took it from me, and put it in his waistcoat pocket, >aying ' This is just what I wanted'" Siie said she had been attending upon Mr Kinder tw * or three davs when he was improv ing. he said that Mr Hertrand had derided that he could not 1' t Kinder live; that he must be poisoned. She said Kinder seemed better, not so delirious and more sensible. That Mrs Kinder went up to him and said, " Why were you so cruel as to shoot your selr?" He said, "1 did not shoot mvself." She said subsequently that Mr Bertrand afterwards forced he* to mix the poison, and that Mrs Kinder gave it to him That was all that she said to me that I re collect. I said I must leave the house after what she had told me. She begged of me not to do so, and said if I left the house she would be murdered, as he would think she had advised me to go and tell of these things, and so I nmained. i shou'd have left on other occasions, but my brother would not allow me to go. He said he would not be such a fool. When 1 first came there I noticed some strange marks on Mrs Bertraud's baek whilst she vr s dressing. They had all the appearance of bv.rns or scalds; and speaking of them she said, " Did you see these marks?" I said yes. She said, " Well, he thrashed me with her (Mrs Kinder's) whip, and took pieces of flesh out," and she said this was bee uise she had said something about letting the murder out. On her baek and shoulders there were marks as it the flesh had been torn off, and she also had a black eye. She told me afterwards, in Mrs Kinder's presence, that he had stabbed her (Mrs Bertrand) with a penknife, which penetrated to the depth of the blade ; and she showed me a pair of stavs that were saturated with blood. Since she made the confession about the ill treatment, she said that Bertrand had told her to be very kind to Mr B dhouse, and to allow him to kiss her, if necessary. This he told her at night, after Belhouse had left. I wished her very much to go to some magistrate and confess what she had told me. I said, " It' you do not, you will bear the blame, and very likely this woman who deserved it. will get clear, whilst you might be hanged." She said, ' No, I would never be hung: I would poison myself." She refused to go to a magistrate. Two or three times 1 said I would go, and would brinT the police to tne house She would not allow me to go a d said that it I told it to any one they would think me mad Indeed, I believe that Bertrand had told 0 fries that I was mad I told it to D.'fries, and after that ' went to Captain M'l.errie about the case. I often thought mv brother was mad, Iro n the way he went on. Mrs iiertrand, on one occasion, staled that Mrs Kinder was staying in the iiouse before ! c tme from .vlelbourne. bhe did not say how long she was staying there, but she said that whenever Mrs Kinder was there, Bertrand always ill-treated her* (Mrs Bertrand). That when Mrs Kinder was away he never attempted her life. She also said that Bertrand had forced her (Mrs Bertrand) to sleep in the same room with Mi s Kinder and himself. He took Mrs Kinder into Mrs Bertraud's bed and lay down with them both. She said that Bertrand and Mrs Kinder had been frequently alone in bed. One day when we were alone after dinner, Mrs Kinder was kneeling down tying the dress of a little boy, when she said, u You see me in very disadvan tageous circumstances " I said, " I wonder how you dare to look at me or address me in niy brother's absence." This was all that was said, as some one came into the room at the time. Mrs Kinder shortly after went away to Bathurst. Cross-examined by Mr Roberts : I and my brother Were net upon friendly terms at all times when I was residing with him. It is not a fact that he, at some time, whilst I was residing with him, refused to essist me m pecuniary matters. I have never quarrebed with him in consequence of his refusal to purchase articles of wearing apparel for me. I do not recollect saying to him, "you refuse to purchase T ,4-jF8 tr'6' ^ou sPen^ money on Mrs Kinder." I dm not tell my brother, before I knew anything of the death of Kinder, that I had dreamed of his death, or of the way in which it was brought about. Mo allusion of the kind was made. .After prisoner had told me he had shot Kinder, I might have re lated to him that my sister (Mrs Bright, of Mel bourne), on reading the report in the Herald, had said how silly it was to lend pistols to a man who had threatened to shoot himself. Bertrand never told me that he had lent Kinder the pistol ; the re . mark arose out of the report in the paper. I said that I often thought my brother was mad from the ?way in which he went on, I did not sav that Defries eaid so, I have said to Mr Defries that I thought my brother must be a lunatic, or he could not have done and said what he had When my brother mentioned the circumstance first he said that he had ?hot Dim. My brother was calm at the time he said SO-j ^ no^ say Kinder died ; he merely said that he had shot him. My brother might have used the word die" in many conversations, but he did not use it in the first. He often stated that people believed that Kinder had died by his o>vn hand. In one conversation he (Bertrand) leaned over to me, and^ said that he did not die by the shot J.hat conversation took place about three or four weeks ago. At the time that Bertrand stated that to me, I thought Airs Bertrand was asleep. She was in a kind of stupor. She used to go off into those Bleeps that would last tome hours Bertrand asked me .not to mention to his wife that he had said he had !8hot Kinder. I mentioned to ins wife that he said to me that, before 1 left for Brisbane, which I was then shortly about to do. I should see Mrs Bertrand'.-, funeral. 1 hat was three weeks after Mrs Bertrand told me that the prisoner had shot Kinder. In one .conversation, he told me that deceased did not die by the shot, but that ''we poisoned him " All that Conversation took place on the same night I did not speak to Mrs Bertrand about it the same night, as t>e conversation took place at about half-pas: twelve o clock, and Mrs Bfrtraud was so drowsy that 1 could not talk to her. I cannot swear that it was the next morning (hut I spoke to Mrs Bertrand about what her husband had said. I always told her what xSertrand s. id. 1 wished to protect Mrs Bertrand. In fact, Vhat was what I slaved in the house for and 1 must also say that I stayed partly for fear of my fate. Whenever I tried to shelter Mrs Bertrand in any way, her husband always se.me.d to have some revenge against me; even if Mrs Bertrand only took a fork up at the table, and he told her not to do so, it would gire offence; and if I said anything in Mrs .Bertrand's favor he would show his spite at me We were always in dread of our lives. In fact, I had not a moment's peace in the hou>e since I heard of the murder. My brother did not appear anxious to get me out of the house, but quite tue contrary; and when I wanted to go he always hindered me. He always professed to be very fond of me, and said I was his favorite sister. Although he professed fondness for me he did not show it by his manner. was often very eccentric. Even in gapino- he would imitate the roar of the tiger, and had done it in the street, lie always professed to have an idea that he could mesmerise people. On one occasion, when we were spending the evening at .Mr Defries', Bertrand acted in a very eccentric manner all the night. He put his fingers up to his head to make horns, and said he was the devil0 He said he could call up Kinder s ghost m the room Of course I did not expect that he could do such a thing, but the horror or knowing what I did affected me, and I went into ysterics. Bertrand voluntarily and unexpectedly made the statement that deceased <ud not die by the shot, but that "we poisoned him." I believe JBertrand was a temperate man. From all that i have observed, he was, when he said, ?« We poisoned film. I did not question him about it. He said he gave Kinder the poison, or that he had a poison that could not be detected. Subsequently, Bertrand said that the poison he gave Kinder, or that be (Bertrand) had, could not be detected 1 under stood him, at first, when he said "we," that it was not Bertrand alone who had poisoned him. From his language afterwards I inferred that Bertrand had poisoned deceased. Bertrand did not sav that he had poisoned Kinder, but that Kinder had poison. I will bwear that he did not say that he gave Kinder the poison himself. He said. " We gave it to him " and he said whilst Mrs Bertrand was asleep on the 60fa, and pointing to her, " and she mixed it " He did not tell me that his wife knew whether it was poison or not. I have no doubt that Mrs Bertrand was asleep when he pointed to her. From what he 88u ii . Bertrand, I should conclude, might be wholly innocent, and not have known what it was She mixed; he did not say that he compelled his wife to mix the poison. I have generally a good recol lection, but I have gone through a great deal lately. 1 remember all that was said by Mr and Mrs Ber trand about Kinder, because it was of a nature that I eould not easily forget it. All Mrs Bertrand said to me ab(>ut my brother I can remember. I did not ^ Bertrand " Mr Kinder did not die by the shot; he was poisoned.' When I spoke to Mrs Ber trand and mentioned that her husband had pointed to her and said " She mixed it," Mrs Bertrand got up and stamped on the floor, and said «. He's a liar." lhat was the same morning, or the morning after, that Mr Bertrand had spoken about her mixing the poison. I have not stated this b-lore to-day. It escaped my recollection. Previously to this Mrs Bertrand had told me that she had mixed the poison I did not know what to believe; I eould not under slandjt. I am not mixing up what Bertrand said with what Mrs Bertrand said She had previously told me that she had mixed the poison because her husband compelled her. 1 did not say anything When Mrs Bertrand stamped her foot ;>nd said, " He's a liar. I was astounded, and I did not like to speak S??errVi Uld uot knovv wl,at t0 say- ril sircar that I did not say, " Well. I ll tell Henry what you .V01!1 swear that sll« -sai i " He's a liar, and I 11 tell him so " The words " I'll tell hiin so" might have oten said, and have escaped rny recollec tion. I positively swear that I did uot say to Mrs Bertrand " For God's sake don't, for he told me not to tell you when she said "He's a liar." My brother did not "implore" me, he only asked me not to tell his wife that he had told ine that he had shot Kinder. I did tell her what he said There was an interval of three weeks between the two conver sations m which Bertrand told me that he had shot Kinder and when he told me that he had poisoned film. 1 could not have mentioned both conversations to Mrs Bertrand at the same time. I never heard Mrs liertrand speak in unkind terms of Kinder, but quite the o'.her way ; she always spoke in verv kind terms of Kinder >he never said '. I was present; at the poisoning of Kinder." Mrs Bertrand said that .he turned round when she saw the pistol falling irom the hands of Kinder ; she might have said that she tainted afterwards ; she repeated things that oc curred shortly after Kinder was shot, and she there fore could not have been long unconscious, supposing She had fainted Mrs Bertrand mentioned to me, by way of complaint, that on one occasion Mrs Kinder .Iept in the same bed with Bertrand and herself. She said that Bertrand made her lie in bed : that Mrs Kinder then came in, and that they had improper intercourse. On another occasion she said that she would not stay in bed, and that rather than do so she took a mattress and slept on the floor I heard that Bertrand wanted his wife to write down on a piece of paper that she was tired of her life, and that ehe had taken poison; she refused to do so. At ano ther time, Mrs Bertrand told me that her husband wished her to go and buy strychnine, and that she refused to go; Mrs Bertrand said she would not be such a fool, and that if he wanted it, he could write it down and send for it. This was after Kinder's death, and while I was staying in the house, Ber trand often told me, at that time, that he had a great mmd to murder Mrs Bertrand, and say I had done it. I know that Mrs Bertrand has been to the Inspector General's office, and given information respecting this matter I never saw Mrj Bertrand interfere in her husband s business as to the po;6ons used, and as far as I am aware she had no knowledge of poisons. After I told her what my brother had said, I told her that she ought to tell what she knew to a magistrate; that if she did not confess, very likely the woman who ought to bear it would escape, and she (Mra Bertrand) would be hanged. She said she would not be hanged; she had nothing to fear; she had done no wrong. Mrs Bertrand aa well as my brother told me that Kinder was poisoned. She said Henry forced her to mix the poison, and Mrs Kinder gave it him. She never told me for what purpose it was mixed, and that she knew for what purpose it was in tended. By Mr Roberts: In the conversation I have spoken about in evidence to day, Mrs Kinder was not present. By Mr Butler : When I 6poke of not being on friendly terms with my brother, I mean to say I differed with him as to the course he took with re gard to Mrs Kinder, and what he wanted me to do in the matter. 