OSWALD CRAY. By Jtfra. Henry Woody Author*/*' Ectt Lynne *' j Something ' Tuenbd Up' at La&t;! Yotj might have taken a picture of the group in Mark 1 Cray's room to day, if only by way of contrast to that of I yesterday. The living figures w» re the same : Hark, his wife, and Sara Davenal ; but tho contrast Uy in tho ex pression, in -he tone oi feeling. Yesterday it had been nothing but gloom, depression, almost despair j to-day it was all hope end hilarity. The cloud had gone from the faces of Mark and hiB wife to give place to almost triumphal gaiety. On Sara's there was a look of pleasure, too, mmgiea wiul perplexity, at u sue wotua rejuioe wiia tuem, but as yet scarcely understood what there was to rejoice at. Poor Mark Cray ! The very slightest straw of expectancy was sufficient to send bis (anguine spirit into the clouds. All this change had been wrought by a letter from Barker which the eleven o'clock post had brought. Barker, who was another of Mark's stamp, had suddenly discovered, or thought he had discovered that an English doctor was -wanted inHonfleur. He wrote over to Mark, strongly recommending him to come and establish himself, and to lose no time lest the opening should be snapped up. ?' There's a goodiih many English, here,' said the letter, ' aad not the ghost of an English doctor. If an English Mlow gets ill be must die, unless he chooses to call in a French surgeon, and the chances are h ill bleed him to death. If yonll believe 'me, they bled a young English l-dy this week for measles ! She seemed i l, and her friends called in a Monsieur Somebody, with a name as unpronounceable as that mine of ours, and he looked at tor, and asked afew questions, said he thought she was sickening for some disorder or other, and therefore he'd bleed her. Well, he did bleed her, and ordered her some drink callcd tissau, or some such name— I always shirked my French at school— which it's my belief is made of nothing but sugar and water. Bleeding for measles! The English say to me . ' What a boon it would be if we had a countryman established here aa do-.tor I' So Mark old fel'ow, I've thought of you ; and my advioe to you is, oome and try it, until something bettor turns up. I'm off to Paris shortly, but l'lljstop here and welcome you first, if you decide to come. I know you hate your profession, and so do 1, or I might try thc opening myself ; but if you aen't mind taking it up as a temporary thing, 1 think you may manage to find enough practice to get along with. Living's cheap over here, and the scenery's lovely, though the town isn't much, Havre is only twenty minutes' distance by steamer ; it's over the water— the tnanchc, as they call it ; and Hon fleur lies by its side, nearer to us still. We have got an English church, you can tell Mrs. Cray, if she's particular upon the point ; we had a splendid sermon last Sunday, preached by a stranger. Altogether, it seems to me to be worth your tliinhing of under present circuimtances, and when tie horizon has cleared a little you can leave the place as readily as you come to it.' And this was the golden bait that bad laid tempting hold on Mark. Perhaps to a man ' under bis present circum stances,' as Mr. Barker put it, it did look favourable. Estimating things by comparison, it looked more than well. 7 bat one present room he was in, the dinnerless days, the blue spectacles, and all tbe rest of the little disagreeables you have heard hints of, were things to be Sown from with the fleetest wings, if they could be exchanged for the position of a flourishing doctor in Honfleur. Mark was on Lis high horse again, and his wife Stemed to have thrown off her sorrow ana her ailments. Tbe first consideration was money. This desirable place could not be reached without some. Even sanguine Mark allowed that. lust a little to allow of their getting tbere, and a pound or so te pay for lodgings, and cany them on until bis patients came in. He and his wife weie deep in the difficulties of the matter when Sara interrupted them. She had come to toll Caroline of her ill sucoess with Oswald Cray. Bnt Caroline was in no mood to listen to aught that sa voured of non-success, and Sara's news was overwhelmed with tbe other. Barker's letter was read to her, and Mark enlarged upon it in his sanguine strain. ' 1 knew something would turn np,' said be. ' Barker's a right good fellow not to keep it himself. Those conti nental towns ero charming if you can put up with the same ness : of course thev get a little same after a time. Not all of them, though. We stopped three months in Boulogne once, before my father's death, and were sorry to come away from it. Only think how this w#I set Carine up after all the late bother.' ' I fear Honfleur is a small place to support a meiical man,' observed Sara, who could look at tbe proposal more dispassionately than tbe other two ' IfB a lovely place,' fired Mark. ' Barker says so. Its renowned in history. If they are not places of note, I'd like to knew what are. History tells us that! Why ! it was from Honfleur that the children of one of the kings set soil and were overtaken by a storm and drowned, and the poor old father never was seen to smile more. I'm sure 1 remember having to learn &at; in my history. Honfleur a small place, indeed ! Not support a doetor ! You must be sajirig it for a purpose, Sua ! ' 'Well, Mark, I don't think it is large ; but what I meant was, not large enough to support an English doctor. Are there enough English living there to do that ?' ' Of course there are,' returned Mark, whose sanguine mood resented nothing more than a check. ' Would Barker say there was an opening if there wasn't ? She could -have retorted that Barker had no more judg ment than Mark ; but it was utterly useless, and she held her tongue. Besides she did hope that Mark might pick up ! some practice, and any change seemed an improvement upon the present state of things. How strangely things oome about !' exclaimed Caroline, ' Over and over a^ain has Mark declared be would never resume bis profession. And now be is longing for it.' ' But ody as a stop-gap,' returned Mark, with quick eagerness. ' I hate the profession, and I'd not spend my life in it if I could do anything better. Oh, it won't take much trouble just to doctor those Honfleur people, while something else .is turning up. Nothing should stop me now from going to Honfleur. Very good. Perhaps we ourselves might have decided tbe same in Mark's place. But still there were tbe necessary means. What of them i Caroline suggested Oswald Cray, end once more wished Sara to apply to him. Remembering her mission of the previous afternoon, and bad howitfailed, Sara refused quietly andkindly, but it an gered Caroline. ' listen,' said Sara, interrupting a reproanh that took various phases; ' 1 am quite sure that any application to Mr. Oswald Cray from a stranger would be useless. I think — I think it miiBt be done by Mark in person. I don't know tbat Mark would succeed, but 1 feel sure it is the only chance. I think he is vexed that Mark has never been to him.' ' I daresay be is !' returned Mark resentfully. ' Where was tbe good of my going ? He'd only blow me up.' 'I'll go,' said Cc- rohne, in a spirit of defiance, for she thought her cousin was using her veiy ill. 'I'll go. I'd rather go ! and Oswald shall aee how shabby my bonnet is, and I hope he will feel grieved at it. She kept her resolution. At tbe dusk of evening, not before, Caroline Cray took her way to Parliament-street, her step quick, her mood defiant still; not defiant against Os wald in particular, but against the whole world save herself and Marc, But when she came in view of the bouse, she slackened her pace, going on slowly cmd cautiously, as one who wishes to reoonnoitre tbe ground beforehand. What was she afraid of? Of meeting any of the wrathful shareholders of the Great Wheal Bang ? If so, it was surely a singular coin cidence that one of them should at that very moment be at Oswald Cray's door, . He was being shown oat by a lady in an inverted bonnet, if tbe term may be heldappllcable— brim downwards, crown upwards. Caroline reoogmsed him at onoe as a Major Pratt, rather an extensive shareholder. Some acquaintanceship had sprung np -between him and Mark, and the Hqjor had dined twice in Grosvenor Place. Mrs. Cray shrunk into the shade, «nd drew her veil tighter over her face. He vassti without seeing her, and Mrs. Benn, after takings look out up and down tne street, gave the door a bang after him. Suffering a few. moments to elapse, Carpline went to the door and knocked at it. Mrs. Beiin bad just reached the Id chen, and it went veiy much against uie grain of that amiable lady's temper to bave to go np ag.in. Flinging open tbe door, ahe confronted tha applicant, opposition written in every line of her Jhoe, in evoy movement of her working arms, lured to ths elbow. ' I want to «»e Mr, Oswald Cray.' ' Ton want to see Mr. Oswald Cray ! ' repeated Hn. Benn, tfie tight Md disguising veS completing bet 1m. 11 Well, that's mqieet! Wfe&ti; folks oome bete they ask if they tan tie him- and that's pretty bold for young women. Wbal might you want, pray r ' 1 w.nt him.' angrily returned Caroline. ' Is be at home? If so, show me into bin presence,' Something in the refinement of -the voloe, in its tone ef command, struck on the ear of Mis. Benn, But she was at warfare witb the -world that evening, andher prejudices were unconquerable. ' 1 don't know about that. The ether night a lady walked herself here as bold as could be and said the wanted to see Mr. Oswald Cray ; and when I let her go in, it tuned out that the had got some smuggled oambrio nanekerohiefs to sell, and she kept w rriting of him to buy for fiveand twent* minutes. ' Mrs. Benn.1 Bays how me afterwards in bis quiet way, ' I don't want them sort of people she irei In to me.' But now be 1 to knew one sort fiom— Oh, so it is you, is it, Joe Benn / I wonder you oome home at all, I do I You have been two mortal half hous gone, and nothing but visitors a tramping in and oat ! Perhaps you'll attend to 'em.' I'areline turned instinctively to the respectable-looking j men who had approached tbe door. j ' 1 with to see Mr. Oswald Cray. My bntinese is oi 1 importance.' j ' Certainly, ma'am, le ilr. Oswald Cray done?'' be ! aeked of his wile. ' Yes he is alone. And 1 should think he'd like to remain done, if only for a moment's peaoe and quiet He can't get no rest at his work, any more than 1 oan e.t mine.1' Mrs. Cray stood before Oswald with her veil thrown back, her face working with emotion, her hands clasped. The table was between them. Benn had closed tbe door after showing her in, and Oswald, who was busy over same plans, rose ana stared in very astonishment. 6he gave a summary of her bumess in a rapid, breathless manner, as if fearing there would be no time left to toll it in. Mark had at length an opening of escape from the present misery, if he tould only be helped to i mbrace it. A surgeon was wanted at Honfienr, and the place wae offered to him Oswald prested her to take a chair, eat dpws, and queB tioneo her. ' Why does not Mark come forward and show himself?' he presently aBked. 'tome forward and show himself?' she repeated. ' What, and g. t put into prison I' ' He muBt come, sooner or later. He cannot remain a proscribed man all bis life. What end has he in view by remaining concealed r What does be promise him , self by itf ' 1 don't know.' ' But Mark ought to know. He must be aware that there's en imperative necessity for hie coming forward ; that it is a thing there is no escaping. What does he wait for ?' ' He says be wants the storm to blow over first ' The storm will not b ow over. Were Mark to hide himself for ten years, and then appear, it would only raise itself again Ihe very beet thing that be can do is to appear .and face it.' ?' 1 hen he never will. At least, not yet awhile. And, Oswald, 1 don't think you are a brother if yon can wish him to do it. But 1 did not come here to disguss that,' Bbe added, ' 1 eame to ask if ;ou would lend tne— me, not Mark— the trifle necessary to take us over the water. I will pay you back again if 1 have to save it up by sispenoes,' She betrayed more restlessness of manner than Oswald had ever observed. Since her entrance ah« had been inces santly taking elf and putting on the left-hand glove. He thought her changed. Her faoe looked worn, her eyes anxious. ' It would be doing you no kindness, Mrs. Cray. Believe me, tbe only plan open to Mark is to come forward and meet the company. His stopping away makes things worse. Major Pratt was here just before you came in, asking if I could give him news of Alark. X am tempted to wish often that 1 bad no connexion with him. Tell him to face this.' '' I will sot tell him.' she answered, her cheeks crimson, her violet-blue eyes Airing with a purple light, ' If you will not advanoe me these poor few pounds that I plead for to you, there'll be nothing for as but to lie down and die. I have not '—she paused, struggling with h-r emotkn— '? I have not had a proper meal these three months ; I feel often sick with want. Sometimes I wish I was with Uncle Richard.' Oswald hesitated, whether to ring atonce for refreshment or to wait until her emotion had spent itself. He com passionated her with his whole beait. 11 What would ten or twenty pounds be to yoa, she re sumed. Ten might take us there ; twenty would seem like a fortune. Won't you give us a chance of life r' ' It is not the money I think of; it is not indeed, Mrs. Cray. But Mark ought not te go to Honfleur while these clouds are hanging over him.' ' Let me have the money,' she pleaded ; ' let me have it. 1 don't want you to give it me to night, only to promise it to me. Uncle Richard would bavedone eft muchforyou.' What was he to do ? what would yoa have done, my reader ? Upright, honourable, just though he was, he did not resist those tearful eyes, those pleading hands, and he promised her the money that would cany Slark Cray farther and farther away from bis creditors. ' And now what will yon take ? ' be asked, ringing tbe bell. 'Nothing.' I don't I am as strong as I was; and in moments of excitement, 1 feel unable to touch bit or drop. Wine ? No, I am not s rong, I say ; I am not used to wine now ; only half a glass of it, and I should hsrdly walk home.' Be did not intend that she should wjtfkbotaie, he told her ; he would send her in a better way than that ; and he induced her to take a very little -wine. Then be gave her bis arm down stains. Mrs. Benn met them in hall. Caroline hastily drew her veil over her face, bnt not before the woman had caught a glimpse of her features. Oswald 1ft himself out at the door, and shut it after him, end Mrs. Barm backed against tbe wall to recover her amazement. 'Mrs. Cray !- his brother's wife! -them that are in hiding And the last time she was here it was in a coach and four, aB may be said, with her feathers in her bonnet and her satins on her back! What a world this is for chat ge- and work ! Yes, she have just gone out, that there lady, Joe Benn, and the master with her. And you not up to open the door !' Pabt XI.— A New Bomb. It wae an exquisite scene ; one of tile very prettiest in Normandy. The old town with its aged and irregular buildings risit g one over the other like hanging gardens ; the large expanse of water, clear as a sheet of glass, bright with the early sun, stretchine out underneath as far as the eye could see ; the hills on the right with their blustering trees end their winding road, leading to the nestling houses in the village of £t. Sauveur ; Honfleur opposite, standing as a background to the plain of crystal, with its old castle (or what looks like one) conspicuous, and its gentle mounts green and picturesque; Havre lying next it almost side by side, with its immensity of buildings and its long harbour ; —these were what may be called the prominent parte of the canvas, but were you looking at it, you migat find the minuter points of the filling in even more interesting. The whole made a magnificent tableau, which, once seen, must rest upon the charmed mind fer ever. The Hotel du Cheval Blanc, situated at one end of the town, wae pertaps one of the best spots in Honfleur for ad miring this panorama- unless, indeed, you mounted the heights above. Standirg in one of the end rooms of this hotel on the second floor, wbose windows commanded two sides of view, the town and the water, was a gentleman whom you have met before. You could not have mistaken it for anything but a French room, with its bare floor, its tasty curtains, and its white-covered chairs. The tables had marble tops, hard and ngly, but the piano opposite to the fire-place was of tolerable tone. It was the best of the two sitting-rooms in the hotel : better than tbe one on the first-floor underneath, because these windows were low end cheerful; and those were high and grim. This rcom and a chamber.into wbich it opened (whose intervening door could never be got to shut, and if shut couldn't be got to open) looked right over to Honfleur. For the matter of that, the room opened into two chambeis, but the one waB olosed up just tow, and we have nothing to do with it. Like most French rooms, it seemed made up of doors and windows. The gentleman standing at the window was Mark Cray. Resident at Honfleur more than a mecth now, this was the first time he had been called in to see a patient. A traveller had been taken ill at the Cheval Blanc in the middle of the night, had askedif there was an English doctor in the place, ana Mark was summoned \ It was rather a serious case, and Mirk had net left hits yet. The door between the rooms wai open; but Mark kept as still as a mouse; for the patient, hi hoped, was dropping into a dose. Mark had occupation enough, looking out on the busy scene. It was high tide.and the harbour, close on which the hotel was built, was save frith bustle. Fishing boats were making ready to go oat ) fishing boats were tiding in, bearing their night's haul. Tbe short pier un derneath had quite a crowd onit for that early hour ; women with shrill tongues, men with gruff ones, who were waiting to tew in a merchant vessel drawing near, idlers only looking on,— their babel of voices came right up to Mark, and had be been rather more familiar with ths Norman tongue, he might have known what all the gabbling was about. A quiet wedding party, three men and three women, were taking a walk on the pier, two and two, after the perform ance of the early oeremony : or perhaps it bad been per formed the previous day, ana this one was the continuance of the holioBy.'-one never knows; flu gala caps on the women's heads - such caps as we may see in pictures flapped out their extraordinary wings— a sober, middle aged well conducted wedding party -9 humble life. They probably came, Mark thought, from some few miles inland, where the water and the boats were not every-day objects, as at Honfleur, for their interest in these seemed intense. Every minute there was something neje, as is sure to be the case with a full tide at early morning: now, an entangle ment of boats at the entrance of the harbour; now, the snapping of a cord and deafening noisein consequence ; and now a flat baige, heavily laden, went rounding off to tbe Seine, to toil up between its gieen banks as far as Rouen. Suddenly, a noise as of the waters being cut through arose, andMaik, who was watching the toiling barge and wondering, what the was laden with, tuxaed|his heal to the left The steamer plying from Havre was coming in— had almos. reached the port. 8ne hadmadeaflne passage that morning : not twenty-live minutes yet had passed,' once she steamed out of Havre, The coming in, and tip going out again of these steamers, twloe eaoh way in tbe .-summer days, is the gieat event in Honfleur life. In she came to ihe harbour, swiftly and steadily, rounded . tbe point under tha hotel wfnlowa, anfl moored herself in her plaae, opposite tlwtwtol wiittos. j MorkOr&y; changed We window new, j Qui tinft the one at whieh he had been standing he quietly opened the one whioh faoed the town and inner harbour, and leaned out to watch the disembarking of the steamer's live freight. . . .... . , , ' I wonder bow many ef them will be oomlng into the hotel to brtakfset !' he murmured. ' I wleh ? ' What he was alout to wish was never known. A voice from the inner room interrupted him. And it was not by any means a feeble voice but rather a loud one. Mr. Cray !' ... Mark hastened in. To his surprise he saw his patient, whom he had left in hope of sleep, out of bed and dressing himself. Mark, as meoi- al attendant, made a strong re jnonttrance. , ' 1 teel a great deal better,' was the answer. ,l I can't lie any longer. Is not th*t the boat oome in ' Ye»,' said Mark. But — ?' ' Well, I told you I must go back by her to Havre if I possibly could, Necestity has no choice.' Mart oould only look his amazement. The boat would go out again almost directly, and tho patient stood little chance of having time fw breakfast. 11 You cannot go by this boat,' be said. ' There'll be another later in the day.' ' 1 can't wait ior that. I must be away from Havre by an early train.' '* But -I— I don't know that I can pronounce you out ot danger,' remonstrated Mark, hardly abte yet to realise tho fact that a gentleman thought to oe dying in the night, was dressing himself to go off ty a steamer in the morning. ' I know these a1 tacks of mine are bad—dangerous, I suppose, while tt ey lest ; but once over. I am well, except for weakness. And the long *nd the snort of it is, I must go to Havre by the return boat.' Mark C ray saw that further objection would be useless, The (bamber man (I can't help it if you object to the appel lation; the hotel had no women servants) came in with warm water, and the traveller ordered a cu; of ooffee to be ready by the time he got down. Mark went back to the sitting- room, He would stay and see him ou board. The steamer's first bell had rung when the traveller came frlh Mark caught up hie hat and gloves. 'I hardly know what I am indebted to you,' said th) stranger, placing a thin piece of paper in his hand. Perhaps that will cover it.' It was a hundred franc note. Mark would have given it back, badly though he wanted money. '' It was too much, altogether too much !' be exclaimed. 1 No,' said the stranger. ' I don't know what I should have done without you ; and you have stayed with me the night. 1 hat's being attentive. 1 was taken ill once before in the night at an hotel in France, where there happened to be an English doctor in thc town, and they got him to me. But he waB gone again in an hour, and in tact seemed to resent having been disturbed at all. I didn't pay him moretbhn 1 was obliged.' ' Ah, he had plenty of practice, perhaps,' cried Mark, rather too impulsively. ' But indeed this is paying me a great deal too much. I don't like to take it.' ' Indeed it is not, and I hope jou will Accept my thanks with it,' was the conclusive answer. Mark Cray saw the traveller on boird the boat, watched it move off, turn, and go steaming down tbe pert. And then he made the best of his way home, the hundred franc note fn hie pocket seeming to be a very fairy of good fortune. They had come to Honfleur the latter end of April ; this was the beginning of J one ; and poor Mark had not found a single patient yet. Mr. Barker was there to receive them. How Barker contrived to live, or whence his funds came. Mark did not know, but he always seemed flourishing. There are seme men who always do seem flourishing, what ever may be their ups and dows. Barker was in Puis now, apparently in high feather, his letters to Mark boasting tbat be was getting into ' something good.' Mark ran all the way home ; his lodguge were not far, near the ascent of the Mont Joli. Could scenery have sup plied the place of meat and drink, then Mark Cray and bis wife might have lived as epicures, for nothing could well be more grundly beautiful than the prospect seen from their windows. But, alas! somthing besides the eyes requires to be ministered to in this world of wants. It was a small house with a garden before the door, and was tenanted by a widow lady and her servant. Mark and his wile occupied a tmall sitting room in it and a bedcham ber above ; opening from the sitting-room was a little p'ace about four feet square, which served for a kitchen, and was let to them with the rooms. They waited on themselves ; it is rare indeed tiat attendance is furnished with lodgings in France. But madame's servant was complaisant, and lighted their fire end did many other little things. j Caroline wae in the bed-room, dressing, when Mark re- 1 turned ;- dressing in that liBtless, spiritless manner which argues badly for the hope and heart. It was a pity their expectations in regard to Honfleur had been so inordinately raised, for the disappointment was keen, and Caroline per haps had not strength to do battle with it She had piotured Honfleur (taking the impression from Barker's letters and Mark's sanguine assumptions) as a veiy haven of refuge ; a panacea for their past woesg a place where the English patients, if not quite es plentiful as blackberries, would at I least be sufficient to furnish them with sufficient funds to I live in comfort. But it had altogether proved a fallacy. Tbe ! English patients held aloof. In fact, there were no English patients so far as they could make out. Nobody got ill ; or, if they did get ill, they did not come to Mais Cray to be cured. Tribulation in the shape of petty embarrassment was coming upon them, and Caroline began to hate the place. She was weary, sick, sad ; half dead with disappointment and ennui. Unfbrtnnataly, there vu becoming a reason to suspect that something was radically wrong with Caroline. Not that she thought it yet ; itiD less Mark Dr. Davenal had euimia- d tbat her constitution was unsound. During the t!me of their sojourn at Chelsea, where Mr. Dick Davenal came so suddenly upon them, and Mark was accus tomed to gaout to take the air adorned withbluespectacles and amoustache, Caioline, in undressingbereelfone night, found — or fancied that she found— a small lump in her side, below the ribs. She though' nothing whatever about it, it was so very small; in fact, it slipped from her memory. Some time afterwards, however, ene accidentally touched her side and felt the same lump there again. TMb was of course suffi cient to assure her that it was not fancy, but still she attached no importance to it, and said nothing. Butthelumpdidnot go away ; it seemed like a little kernel, that oould be moved about with the finger; and in the week following their ariival at Honfleur she first spoke of it to Mark, Mark did not pay much attention to it; that is, he did not think there was sny cause to pay attention to it ; it might prooeed from cold, be said, or perhaps she had given herself a knock ; he supposed it would go away again. But the lump did not go away, and Caroline had been complaining of it lately. On this past night- or rather morning— when Mark was at the hotel with the patient to whom he was called, Caro ? line had been recreating her imagination with speculations upon what the lump was, and what it was likely to come to. Whether this caused her to be more sensitive to the lump than she bad been before, or whether the lump was really be ginning to make itself more troublesome, certain it was that her fears in regard to it were at length arouBed, and she waited impatiently for the return of her husband. ' Mark, this lump gets larger and larger. I am certain of it.' It was her greeting to Mark when he entered and came up to the chamber. She turned her spiritless eyes upon h-m, and Mark might have noted the sad listlessness of the tone, butthatithadbecomehabitual. He made no reply. He was beginning himself to think that the lump got larger. ' Ana it pains me now, a sort of dull aching. I wonder if it's coming to anything. Just feel it Mark.' Mark Cray drew her light cotton dressing gown tight across the place, and passed bis fingers gently over and over it. He was not so utter a tyro in bis profession as to be ignorant that the lump might mean mischief. Caroline, with most rapid quickness of apprehension, noted and did not like his silence. ' Mark ! what is it ? What's going to be the matter with me r' ' Nothing, I hope,' replied Mark, speaking rapidly enoneh now. ' It will go away, I daresay. Perhaps yon have been fidgeting with it this morning.' ' No, I have not done that. And if the lump meant to go away, why should it get larger? It does get larger, Maik. It seems to me that it has nearty doubled its sue in ' the last week.' ' 1 think it is a little larger,' acknowledged Mark, feeling perhaps that he oould not get out of the confession. ' How long has it pained you ?' ' I can't remember, the pain came on so imperceptibly that^ hardly know when it first began. What is the lump, ' I can't tell.' ' You can't tell ?' ' I can't tell yet Sometimes lumps appear and go away again and sever cone to anything.' ' And if they do come to anything, what is it that they come to?' ' Oh, tometimes one thing and sometimes another,' answered Mark lightly. ' Can't you toll me what the things are ?' she rejoined, in a peevish anxious tone. ' Well— boils for one thing, and tumours. ' And what becomes of the tumours ?' she quickly re joined, catching at the word. ' They have to be taken out' ' Ie it very painful r' ' Law, no. The pain's a mere nothing.' ' And cancers ? How do they come ?' proceeded Caro line after a pause. ' With a little lump at first, like this?' *' Cancers don't come there. You need not fear that ifs a cancer. Carine, my dear, you must be nervous this morning.' She passed by the remark, hardly hearing it. ' But Mark— you say you oan't tell what it is.' ' Neither can I. But I can tell [what it is not. I'll get you a little ointment to rub on it, and I make no doubt it will go away.' Caroline was doing her hair at the moment. She had the brush in one hand end the hair in the other ; and she paused just sb she was, looking fixedly at her husband. ?' Mark, if you don't know what it is, perhaps somebody else would know. I wish you'olet me snow it to a doctor. Mark laughed. He really believed she must be getting nervous about it, and perhaps deemed it would be the best plah to treat it lightly. ' A French doctor? Why, Carine, they are not worth a rush ' '*1 bave heard Unole Richard say the contrary,' she persisted. ?' That the French, as surgeons, are clever men.' 'He meant with the knife, I suppose. Well, Caroline, you can let a Frenchman see the lump if it will afford you any satisfaction. You don't ask me what has kept me out all these hours 1' rejoined Mark, by way of the topic. ' I have bad a patient at last' ' Yes I supposed that. He wm very ill, perhaps, aad you had to remain with him.' E he spoke in the wearied, inert tono that seems to betray an enilre absence of interest When the spirit has boen borne down with long-continued disappointment this weari ness becomes a sort of disease. It was very prejudicial now, in a physical point of view, to Caroline Cray. Mark took out the note. ' See how welt he p»id me he cried, holding it fo her. ' I wish such patients would oome to the Chevj Blanc ev. ry day .' Thc sight aroused her from her apithy. u A hundred franc note ! she exclaimed with dilating eyes. ' ? Oh Mark ! it is quite a God-send. 1 shall believe next in Sara Da venal a maiim : that help is sure to turn up in tho time of need.' In tho time of need ! It was a time that had certainly come for ihem. The surplus of 1 swald Cray's twenty pounds remsining after tho expenee9 of removal were paid, had come to an end, and neither Mark nor his wife h-ul seen their way clear to go on for another week. It was in truth a God-send ; more stric ly so than Caroline in her light ness deemed. But tbe money, welcome as it waa, did not tako the para mount place in her mind to-day that it migtit elsd have done. That was occupied by the lump. Caroline's fears in regard to it could not be allayed, and she insisted upon being tat en to a d ctor for his opinion without any delay. Mark made inquiries, and found a Monsieur Le Bleu wis con sidered to be a clever man. He proposod to ask him to call, lut Caroline preferred to go to him, her leaton being a some what whimsical one, as expressod to Mark : '* If he haB to come to me I shall think I am really ill.' Accordingly they went that same afternoon, and thc interview, what with Mart Cray's French and tne doctor's English, was produc tive of some temporary difficulty They started after their early dinner. M. Le Bleu lived not veiy far from them, but in the heart of the town, and Mark began by calling him Mr. Blue, sans ct'ivnumie. Mark had learned French at school and therefore considered him self a Fienrh (scholar. On the door was abraBsplate— 'Mr. Le Bleu, Mcdtcin;' and a young woman in a re 1 petticoat, grey stock ingB, and sabots, came to the door in answer to ihe ring. , ' Is Mr. Bleu at home?' demandel Mark. ' Mossier Bleu, chezelle ?' continued he, trying to be more explanatory in answer to the girl's puzzled stare. ' Oh Mark,' whispered Caroline, her cheeks flaming at th's f; crimen of French. ' Monsieur Le Bleu, est-il chez lui ?' she hastily said, turning to the servant. Monsieur Le Bleu wss ' chez lui, ' the girl said to them, and they were admitted. A little middle aged gentleman in spectacles, with no beard or whiskers or moustache, or any other hair to speak of, for that on his head was as closely cut as it could be, short of being shaved, came forward. He asked what he could have the honour of doing for them. ' Speak English, Messeu ?' began Mark. ' Parle An glithe r' ' Yas, Bare,' was the amiable response, as the doctor handed Caroline a seat. ' I spaek the Anghshe, moi.' 11 Oh then we shallget on,' cried Mark. ' Madame here, my femme, it's for her. I don't think it's much, but she would eome. That's my name'— handing in his card. The Frenchman waB a little puzzled by so much English all at once, and relieved himBeli' by looking at the card. 'Ah, e'est ga, Meestare Cr— Cr— Craw,' pronounced the doctor, arriving with satisfaction at the name after some stammering. 'And Madame, what has she ?' ' Malade,' briefly responded Mark. '? Elle a une— une —lump— come in the— (what's French for side, I wonder ?) in the cote. Ici, Messeu,' touching himself ; ' mais il tet tree petite encore; no larger than a— a — petite pois.' Clearly the gentleman did not understand. Mark had drawn him aside, so that they were speaking apart from Caroline. ' A-t'elle d'enfants, Madame ?' 'Oh, oui, oui' — responded Mark, at a venture, not catching a syllable of the question, the Frenchman seemed to speak bo rapidly. '? Et combien ? I ask, sare, bow many ; and the age of them ; the sge ? ' Three-asd-twenty. Vingt-trois. ' Vingt-trois !' echoed the doctor, pushing up his glaseee . ' Mais, ce n'est pas possible. I say it not possible, sare, that Madame have twenty three children.' ' Children ! ' shouted Mark. I thought you Baid age . She haB not any children ; pas d'enfantes, Messeu. She' found of it before we quitted England— avant nous partons d'Angleteire.' Monsieur Le Bleu tried bard to understand. ' Where you say it is, sare, the mal. Ect-ce que e'est une Measure ?' ' It's here,' said Mark, touching Aim now. It came of itself— venait tout seule, grande at first comme the tete of an epingle, not much mere ; a present larger than a big pea —a petite pois.' The doctor's car was strained, and a faint light breke upon it He had enjoyed the pleasure of conversing with. English patients before : in fact it was mostly from them that he was enabled to shine in the language. ' Ah, je vois. Parden, sare, it not a blcssuie, it a— a— clou? ? a bouton ? I ask sare is it a button ?' ' It's a lump,' returned Mark, staring veiy much. ' A sort of kernel, yen know. Comprenas, Messeu?' he questioned, in no hurry, perhaps, to make any worse suggestion. The doctorgravely nodded : not caring to oonfess his ig norance. ' When did be arrive, sare r' ' When did who arrive ?' 'Him — the mal, sare.' ' Oh, the lump. Several weeks back— quelques semaines, Messeu. Pbb beaucoupde trouble avecde pain! main trouve nervous this morning, and— and— thought she'd like .a doctor's opinion,' concluded Mark, his French completely breaking down. ' Bon,' said the surgeon, wishing Mark did not talk English quite so fast. ' Madame has not consultayed a docteur done, encore r' ' Only me,' replied Mark. ' I'm a doctor myself— docteur moi-meme, Messeu !' ' Ah, Monsieur, est medecin lui-meme,' cried the doctor, making a succession of bows in his politeness. ' That will facilitate our understandings, sare. Has Madame the good —the bonne sante de l'ordinaire ?' he continued coming to a breakdown himself. ' Sante de l'ordinaire !— I wonder what that is r' debated Mark within himself. ' Vin ordinaire means thin claret, I know. I no comprendre Messeu,' he confessed aloud 'My femme eats and drinks everything.' ' Is Madame— je ne trouve pas le mot, moi— ie she saine, I would ask r' M Pan!' repeated the puzzled Mark. 'Why you never mean sane, surely ! ' he exclaimed, in astonishment ' She's as sane as you or I. What on earth put that in your head, Messeu ! she doesn't look mad I hope !' ' I no say mad,' disclaimed Messeu. ' I ask if she— ah, voila le mot quel bonheur!— if ahe healthy ? — if she partake of the good constitution ?' A recollection flashed across Mark Cray's memory of a doubt be bad once heard drop from Dr. Davenal,— as to whether Caroline's constitution was a healthy one. ' Elle a porte tree bien,' was his answer to Monsieur, plunging into bis French again. ' This mayn't be anything, you know, Messeu.' ' I not like these boutonB though, sare.' ' Which buttons r' demanded Mark. ' The buttons you do me the honour to consult for. Je ne les aime pas, soit clou, soit tumeur— n'importepour l'espec, In the place you indicate to me, it la like to be a tumour, and she is obstinate,' ' Who is, Messeu?' asked Mark, in doubt whether the incomprehensible Frenchman did not allude to his wife. ' She herself' lucidly explained Messeu. ' I have held cases that would not terminate themselves at all by any way, no not for the years.' ' Oh but this is not a case of that sort,' said Mark, half resentfully. ' A few simple remedies may disperse it.' ' Yas 1 hope,' agreed the doctor. ?' I would demand of Monsieur if be has tried the sangsues r' ' The what r' cried Mark, who had not the remotest idea what sort of a thing sangsues oould be. ' No, I have nottried it' ' J'aime assez la sangsue, moi. She is a useful beast, sare.' Mark nearly groaned. Whatever had ' useful beasts' to do with this lump of Caroline's ? Useful beasts? Is it a camel you are talking of?' he asked. ' A camel !' repeated the doctor, staring at Mark. '? Pardon, I no understand.' Mark waBsuie be didn't 'You spoke of useful beasts, Messeu ?' Yas, they have moche virtue, the sangsues. They do good to Madame; they bite her well.' Mark waa never more at sea in his life Roaming away in search of camels, his home perceptions were perhaps a little obscured in that movement Bite Madame! What on earth was ' Sonsues ?' ' I rpeak of (he little black beast that long when she full' —pointing to his finger. ' You call them Utch— litoh ? ' -? Letches,' interrupted Mark, with a laugh. 'I oould not understand, moi ; Je pense, Messn, que vous— vous — speak of wild beasts. ' Yas, said the doctor, complacently, I thought you un derstand, sere.' ' Bon pour Madame, vous dit, Messeu, the sonsues ?' ' Je pense que oui. Mais— but I no say trop before the examen of Madame. I would see the hurt, me. I go to your house, sare, and meet Madame without her robe. I go to-morrow at four of the clock after twelve, if that will arrange you.' ' So be it,' returned Mark, when he had puzzled out the words ' Je die a ma femme que-que— it was of no use for her to cell here, herself ; you d want to see her dis btbiilayed. Je vous merci, Messeu.' And when they were walking home, Mark said to bis wife how very glad he was to find he had kept up his French eo well. (7b be continued.) ==555— S55S-— = 5-5— — Power of the Pence. — In November last, when the year's accounts of the savings banks of the United Kingdom were made up, there were 930,708 depositors, none of whom had more than £20 in the bank, and nearly a quarter of a million of them not more than 20s., but their united deposits amounted to £5,094,400, a larger amount than the deposits in any of our private or joint stock bankB, except a very few just the largest in the kingdom. — The Sun, May 19. How He Took it.— The spectacle of the Chancellor in the pillory, pelted with sarcasms and rebukes was a singular one the other evening. Those who crowded the galleries and the bar ef the Lords in Uie hope of seeing the Lord Chancellor dance between hot ploughshares were no little disappointed at his imperturbable appearance of serenity. ' I thought silence was the part of true dignity,' he observed sardonically on quitting the House, to a friend who expressed surprise at his not having spoken. — Man- ehettsr Guardiem.' 