CRIMINAL MYSTERY' IN BRESLAU. ■ In the summer of 18G2 a man t named Klein, in the service of a merchant residing in ■ Blucherplatz, at Breslau, was found, dead in his bed one morning with his skull shattered and his body bearing many terrible wouhds. The chest belonging to the man was also found broken open, and plundered of a great number of' articles belonging to him. The police industriously endeavoured to light upon some clue to the murder, but withoutsuccess,until some months after wards, when they apprehended a cigar maker named Nicolaus, who had in curred a bad name, and had been punished for various offences. Matters seemed, to go- awkwardly - against Nicolaus, - for it was proved that tho i waistcoat he wore belonged to Klein; he was unable"* to prove an alibi on the night of the murder ; and'a young girl swore that, , on the morning after the udarkdeed, < she sawkim .washing some bloody linen in a stream. But, notwith standing all this evidence, the jury I acquitted him. Nothing more occurred until the spring * of the present year, I when a man was apprehended ; at- an [ agricultural exhibition, he having somo I time previously committed an offence of | a serious character. When taken to the I police-station attention) was directed to his coat, which, as it appeared to the [ police; officers,-corresjionded exactly with tho description of the one stolen from Klein's .box; and it 'was consequently considered that a new clue to the development of the crime had been discovered. On the strength of the evidence afforded by this; coat, David iSturze, the man in whose possession it was found, was charged with the murder. At the magisterial examination it was conclusively proved that the coat was the' one which had belonged to Klein, ;and ;Sturze was not able to offer the least explanation as to how lie had- become possessed, of it. - - It was proved that, although at the time of his apprehension he lived-six miles from Breslau, he was in ithat" city on the night Klein was murdered,' and he was not able to bring forward any ' evidence to* show with .whomihe passed that night. The man ner in-which the murder was extcnted showed also that it must have been com mitted by some person well, acquainted .with the. premises. This was especially clear from the fact that on tho morning after the murder the street door and the door of. K'ein's bed-room, wore properly, fastened, and that both keys were missing irom a bunch or ~ nearly Zv which Klein kept in his rooms. Sturze furthermore had been the predecessor ;of Klein in his situation. Eiuallyj it . was .proved against him that one day during the • previous year he called at the "residenoo of a: woman in Breslau' under pretence of seeing her husband.. The -woman, who had some suspicions respect-: "iiig her visitor, requested him to be seated; but tliisiho declined to do, and sought to induce her to send away, her s»n, eight, years old, who was present.. The woman: -began to feel more and more uncomforta ble at his visit, and she declared, whilst she was about to go into an adjoining room he cast such a murderous glance at her that she ran from her dwelling and, without raisiug any alarm, in her excite mont hastened to the place where her husband was. Sturze availed himself of Jier absence to steal a quantity of money and objects of value, and to de ; camp with his booty. Some days after wards the woman found under her cup board a dreadfully long knife, as sharp as i a razor, so that the presumption I naturally" was that Sturze had intended | murder as well as robbery, and was only prevented . * accomplishing the more serious 'of his project by the presence of. the ^little tboy.- Another 'witness also swore that- Sturze had stolen a smali sum . of money from him, - and had threatened that if he did not keep quiet he would thrust a knife into his ribs; Notwithstanding all this evidence, only a majority of the jury—seveu to five returned a verdict of guilty against Sturze. Under these circumstances, according to Prussian law, it became necessary ; that the sentence, should be confirmed by the judges, who; however; annulled it, and the accused was ac quitted of the charge. A Real Live Ghost.—Wo-are indebted to a gentletnan, who desires us to conceal his name for "the present, for llie following re markable etoryv it bavins been his bona fide experience on the night of Tuesday last, during the prevalence of the storm. As he is well known and respected for sobrioly end veracity it must not be thought ibat it was either a drunken hallucination or a barefaced ^men dacity. He had been engaged until a late hour over.suudry ledger accounts (he is a com-1 merciul man), and it was nob until the clock 'struck one that he was reminded that an anxious wife awaited him, whoso invariable and conjugal rule was never to retiro until her husband returned. Closing his ledger, he locked the* patent safe, and extinguished.the light previous to making his exit. He closed tho back office, and was iu the act of unlocking the front door to leave, when ho bethought himself of a memorandum which he had left behind him. Entering the back office again, he stood aghast and transfixed at a Bight which appalled every sense, and rendered the strong man ns helpless as a child. - There', lhrough'a dim ethereal phosphorescent haze, seated in the very chair he had just vacated—mo tionless, ghastly, melancholy — transparent and absorbed, was a figure not of this world, with a face like the face of the dead, and its whole attention seemingly devoted to the ledger,w7uc/t. was open btjorc it. Immediately behind the apparition was the iron safe, which our informant is positive in having locked, and thiswas also open J' He describes bis feel ings on the occasion to have been horrible in the extreme, and to use his own words, Eng lish phraseology does not include language sufficiently impressive to explain the intense torture crowded into the brief space of a few minutes.- He essayed to speak—he was dumb. He endeavored to turn , from the apartment, but had no power to move * he sought to dis tract bi9 own attention by. closing his eyes and shutting out the fearful vision, but every nerve and muscle seemed paralysed, and be was no longer a free agent. Gradually the apartment grew intensely luminous, and Btars and epnnglcs of exceeding beauty flitted hitlnr and thither, without noise, but with seeming order and-regularity. Onr friend says that could the scene have been transferred to the boards of a theatre, and intro duced in Bomo grand spectacular piece, it would have realised a fortune for the happy manager in a very short time. But 'the: torture of a great fear was upon him, for he knew himself to be face to face with some drend presence which had no affinity with humanity. The light then gradually waned, and tho figure, which with out an eifoit rose from the chair to a superb natural height, seemed gradually to become absorbed into the subtle element which forn o) its atmosphere. Our informant, an athletic man, remembers no more. The exceeding tension of nerve and Bense could bear no more, and he sank insensible to the floor; Upon returning consciousness he found the merry morning sunlight flooding the apart ment—everything in its place and order as be left it—safe locked aud ledger closed, but the clock?—an eight day clock, which had been wound up the previous morning—had stopped at the hour of one! The story is.a strange one, and to some of our readers may appear incredible, but we have the fullest reliance in the honorand serious veracity of the narrator! tl There are more things in heaven and earth j than are dreamt of in our philosophy."—- | Rockhampton Aigus. . .Christopher Chisholm, a farmer residing in the'Windermere district, met with an instan-1 taneoiis death on.Friday, while returning -on horseback from Ballarat. At the inquest; held at the Plough Inn, on Saturday, Valen-*| tine Chisholm, deceased's third cousin, de-: posed that he met deceased at O'Farrell's sale yard at about four o'clock in the afternoon; whence they went to Foley's Hotel in Market square, remaining there . fully bu hour. De ceased had several drinks, and they then started for homo about six o'clock. On the way: they stopped at the Crown Hotel; where they remained- a f*w minutes—deceased going on ahead. . Having each had a drink of whiskey, the cousins* again Blurted for home. They had passed the Plough Toll Gate about a mile and nee cantering along each Bide of the road. Witness, on looking round, saw deceased's horse going on without his rider; [ At some. distance behind, deceased was lying flat on hiB belly, and witness immediately dis mounted and picked him up. * He was dead, aud the head was found to . be | quite v. loose as ». witness and other n lifted deceased into a dray . going, into Ballarat, Deceased appeared to~'hftve been drinking when witness first met himi but he was able to take care of himself.u. He was iu liquor when they started from Foley*a Hotel, but witness saw no difference in™ him; when they left the Crown Hotel. When they, passed the show yard they were going at the" rate of eight miles an hour, or more, and'de ceased .seemed to ride as well as usual; but he' was not a good horseman, and always rode ] pretty fast. Witness was himself about half, j on in drink. Timothy Foley deposed that de-; ceasod's horse "was a.broken down one. De-' ceased only drank V soft tack " in his house, and the cousins appeared to witntss -pretty: much ■ alike. He only served deceased" with ? "three ginger wines." ; John M'Donald, of .the Crown. Hotel,' deposed that:: the . deceased • scarcely drank his nobbier of whiskey.1. The; medical eviden ce': was given by Mr James Stewart, surgeon, from which and the history of the case, .the jury returned a.verdict that death bad been caused by fracture of the cer vical vertebras aud pressure on the spinal cord, from deceased having accidentally* fallen from' his howe. The; jury further found, that'.da- ' censed wns partially intoxicated when befell from bia horse. He was a single man; had 1 been eleven years: in the colony; .was aged j about fifty y ars, and a native of Inverness shire, N.B.—Star. . N Cool.—A. contemporary says We have received a notice of marriage for: insertion, to which was appended the the original announce mentSweathearts at a distance will please accept this intimation.'" 