RHYNIE. [Correspondent.] Thursday, December 28. Christmas festivities passed off very dull in our township, every one nearly was "out of town." Some joining in picnic parties, others meeting in their family circles. TheWeselyans held their ohapel anniversary at the Woobhed Flats, The Rev. Wm. Brown preached two excellent sermons on Sunday, that in the morning was based on the subject of Stephen's Life and Death—"A man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost," that in the evening was concerning the second coining of Christ. On both occasions the buildings was crowded to excess. The usual'tea meeting, and public meeting was held the following day, at which there was a large gathering. Ini sorry to have to note the death of Robert Smith, the poor fellow whom I have twice before alluded to. I hear he expired on Saturday last, after having suffered extreme pain. Harvesting operations are now in full swing. The weather has been all that could be desired for the machines this week, and should it continue for a fort night I should imagine most of the crops will be taken off. At present I am unable to state with any accuracy the average yield in our neighborhood. Some, I hear, is very good, whilst others are quite the reverse. I have heard of crops of 20 bushels to the acre, and I have also heard of some that will not yield more than four bushels to the acre. I shall endeavor during the harvest to gather further infor mation respecting the crops, as my own personal observation does not warrant meat present in making any definite statement. Summer being now well set in, it is not surprising that the water supply is again attracting attention. Tenders have been called, and, I believe, accepted for the preserving, &c.;, of our springs, but up to the present time the public (and I hear one of the ten derers) are quite in the dark as to whom the works have been entrusted. The Adelaide papers give contra information on the subject. Perhaps, Sir, you will enlighten us on the matter. One thing is certain, the sooner it is done the better it will be for the township and the northern settlers generally, as the time is fast approaching when there will be a great rush for water. 