THE MAGAZINES. I Tho opening paper of tho North British Ifevicw, entitled ' The Rise nnd Progress of tho Scottish Tourist,' furnishes pleasant reading for everybody, but it will bo specially interesting both to thoso whe havo enjoyed, and who meditate, a ramblo in search of the picturesquo through tho ' land of tho mountain and the flood.' From tho first strangers who traversed tho heather, Julius Agricola and his followers, lo quaint old Patrick Graham, tho dis coverer of tho Trossacks, the writer seems tho roughly familiar with nil tho ' travellers' tales' [ worth tho telling ; and ho enlivens his own narra tive with snatches of poetry and tradition which realise tho impression, produced by tho scenery of Scotland upon many a romarkablo mind sinco tho invading Romans confounded tho Tiber wilh tho Tay, and compared tho Wicks of Boglio to tho field of Mars. It was not always in senrch of tho pic turesquo that tho illustrious strangera wont thither, be it observed. Cromwell, for example, on visiting tho romantic ravines near St. Abb's Head, thought less of their wild beauty than of tho fact that thero was a place ' whoro ten im-n to hinder aro hotter than forty to mako their way.' Beforo tho natural beauties of tho country woro revealed, and ren dered illustrious by the genius of Scott, ordinary visitors experienced somewhat less pleasure than peril during their adventures. For example, this is an amusing account of a stranger's introduction, about a century nnd a half ngo, to what is now ono of the most charming watering-places in the British dominions : — 'Leaving Crawford john, ho says : — 'From this placo I went ovor mighty hills, sometimes being amongst the clouds and sometimes amongst bogs, I think with out seeing a house, or anybody but a poor shepherd's boy, to Elvinfoot, n poor sorry place of two or three houses ; and here is a rapid river that tumbles over a rocky bottom, though it is not deep. ... I should not have travelled this day, boing Sunday, but I was willing to get out of this country as soon as I could ; oh, tho curse that attended it I I was far past Elviu foot, and the road or rather steep tracks — for siuco I loft Douglas I hardly saw any other — were so obscure, I could hardly find a way, and the rocks woro so thick and closo that I had often mueli ado to get myself and horse between them. Now I wero on a vast precipice of a high rick, with tho river roaring under me, and anon I was iu a bog !' Poor man, this was far from tho worst of it. Mist came on, anon, sound Scotch mist, lie had tho folly to enter on that ground without a pocket- compass — a folly no tourist should ever perpe trate. iv. uaric ciouu, au luus us, uniuu uuihuku mm imu the sun, 1 nnd out of this cloud fell such a showor of rain, that I was wet through presently, and it grew so suddenly dark that I could scarcely seo my hands. I got down and groped with my hands for n path, but quickly found tho sheep-tracks had misled mo. I bo gan to sink in half way up the leg, and my horso moro, and now and then I tumbled over a bank, but what sort of ono I could not tell ; and now I camo so near tlio river that I heard it roar dismally, and did not know but every step I went I might tumble down a steep cliff, or fall into the river Annan.' After wait ing for some timo lio fell to ' hollering,' but in vain, aud he feared going up tho hill, not knowing what company he might find there. Night camo on him, nnd he tried to sleep in his saddle and horse-cloth, but he had to shif them over and over, as whonever he lay down he found himself sinlcing in tlie bog. ' As tlio day,' ho continues, ' began lo dawn, I hoped it fair, but feared a fog. Sometimes I thought I saw a bush at a distance, and sometimes a house : but plainly dis cerned that if I had gone lower down tho hill, I had gone into a deep bog by the river side. I wont a mile one way, and then back again, and a milo the other, but could see neither house or road.1 He came at last to a villago. Belated travellers are proverbially unscrupulous iu giving trouble, but this ono's method of proceeding was quite original. ' My patience had served mo almost all it would, nnd I threatened to break their windows, but c»nld not find a pano of glass in tho town. I then fell to untliatching a house, and pulled off some of the turf, nt which n fellow came an grily out, but when ho saw mo was very liumblo, aud directed mo over the small river Annan, nnd iu tho way to Moffat, for which I rewarded him ; and on this 17th of April, 1701, I got to Moffatt. This is a small straggling town among high hills, and is tho towu of their wells, iu summer time peoplo coming bore to drink of their waters ; but what sort of poople they are, or where they get lodgings, I can't tell, for I did not liko their lodgings well enough to go to bed.' ' The Rov. John Booth's book on Ancient and Mo dern Epigrams is treatod moro mercifully than such elaborate rubbish deserves. Tho article on tho Re cent History and Policy of Spain is both wellin formed ana well-timed. UI course, the essay on ' Tests in tho Universities ' is au eioquont argu ment for tho abolition of a system which degrades tha church, defrauds a largo section of the peoplo, and hinders tho Universities from ngain bo coming, what thoy onco were — tho intellectual trainers of tho entire country. ' Tho Holy Roman Empire ' sheds light upon somo of tho moat impor tant, and, nt tho same time, least perfectly under stood, chapters of mediioval history, a truo concep tion of which is indispensable to the student who seeks to understand tho origin and development of tho various European States. From a gonial and appreciative Bketch of tho lifo and works of Leech, wo select this account of tho celebrated Punch dinner, tho delicious conviviality of which nobody enjoyed moro intensely than the artist : — ' When the history of the rise and progress of Punch comes to be written, it will bo found that tho \ieeiuy uiunur nas Dcen ono oi mo cniet iiungs which contributed to its sucoess. Almost from the foundation of that journal it has been the habit of the contributors evory Wednesday to dine together. In the winter months, the dinner is usually held in the front room of the first floor of No. 11 Bouverio street, Whitefriars — tho business offices of tho proprietors, Messrs Bradbury and Evans. Sometimes these dinners are held at tho Bedford Hotel, Covent Gardon. Dur ing tho summer months, it is customary to havo ten or twelve dinners at places in tho neighborhood ef Lon don, Greenwich, Richmond, Blackwall, &i.; And once a year they attend tho annual dinner of the firm, at which compositors, readers, printers, macliinemen, clerks, itc., dine. This dinnor is called the ' Way Goose,' and is often referred to in Punch. At tho weekly dinner, tho contents of the forthcoming uumbor of Punch are discussed. When tho cloth is removed, and dessert is laid on tho table, the fir3t question put by the editor is, ' What shall the cartoon be ?' During the lifetimes of Jerrold nnd Thackeray, the discussions aftor dinner ran very high, owing to tho constitutional antipathy existing between theso two. Jerrold being tho oldest, ns well as the noisiest, gonorally camo off victorious. Iu these rows it required all tho suavity of Mark Lemon (and ho lias a groat deal of that quality) to calm tho storm ; his award always being final. Tlio third edition of 'Wednesday's Sun is generally brought in to givo the latest intelligence, so as to bring the Car toon down to the latest date. On the Thursday morning following the editor calls at tho houses of the artists to see what is being done. On Friday night all copy is delivered and put into type, aud at two o'clock on Saturday proofs are revised, the forms made up, and with the last movement of tho ongine tho wholo of tho type is placed undor the press, which cannot bo moved until the Monday morning, when tho steam is again up. This precaution is taken to prevent waggish tricks on the nart of practical iokincr comnnsitnrs. Ak these dinners nono but those connected with tho staff proper aro permitted to attend j the only occasional exceptions, we believe, have been Sir Joseph Paxton, Mr Layard, tho present Under-Secretary, Charles Dickons, and Charles Dickens, junior. As an illustra tion of tho benefit arising from theso meetings, wo may mention that Jerrold always U3ed to say, ' It is no uso any of us quarrelling, because next Wednesday must como round with its dinner, when wo will all have to shako hands again.' By means of these meetings, tho discussions arising on all questions helped both caricaturist and wit to take a broad view of things, as well as enabled the oditor to got his team to draw well together, and give n uniformity of tono to all the con tributions.' The ' attractiveness ' of Fraxar is not much increased by the insertion of the Dean of St. Paul's homily upon the ' Clerical Subscription Commis sion.' ' Virginia, First nnd Last,' presents some agreeable anecdotes and reminiscences of the great Southern Stato, which poor Thackeray did so much to render classic ground. Here, for example, is something that will be new to many readera : — ' There is one portion of Virginia of which I cannot undertake to givo an account, — that which consists of tho comities Accomack and Northampton, and which is separated from tho mainland by the Chesapeake Bay. This is called ' tho Eastern Shore,' and not nearly so much is known' of tho people who dwell thera as of the Japanese. They aro said to represent tho lowest classes who come originally from England. Printing, books and newspapers nre unknown among them ; and they are said to still givo their annual pre sidential vote for General Jackson, boing ready to ii ob anyone who ventures to hint that the General is no longer a candidate for earthly honors. Some Jlunc hausens declare that they still imagine themselves living under George III. This was a part of the Congressional District which for many years returned Ilenry A. Wise to tb« United States Congress. Oneo in that bodv. when Wise liarl east snmn s!ur imnn flip ' Buckeyes,' — tho popular name for Ohioans — the Hon. Thomas Corwin, oi Ohio, amused the House with llie following story: — 'Sir, when on ono occa sion I was conducting a case in ? court, we had called as a witness an aged man, of a RipvauWink lian aspect^ who seemed tottering upon the verge of the grave, aud to bo ccrtainly more than a century old. On being asked by tho court how old ho was, he replied : ' Fifty years.' The Judge in astonishment, put the question ngain : ' Fifty years,' was the reply. ' Sir,' said tho Judge, 'it is evident to all that you are nearer twice fifty; it is only your extremo ngo that prevents my committing you for contempt. You are undo' oath,' sir, — how old aro you ?' The old man, with n tear upon his wrinkled check and with tremb ling, cracked voice, lepliod, — 'I did live a matter o' forty year on the Eastern shore o' Yirginny ; but I hopo tho Lord hezn't counted that agin me.' ' It is ono of the humors of tho present war that when Ge neral Dix invaded Accomack ho was unable to discover but ono man, who was very drunk. General Dix having carried with him from the President a procla mation, tho vanquished man was placed beforo tlio troops when he had recovered hi3 senses, and had the proclamation, — beginning solemnly, ' Citizen of Ac comack !' read to him.' Gilbert Rugge increases in interest with every chaptcr, a sturdy old Australian sheep farmer boing now added to tho dramatis personcc, with no small advantage. Mr Froude contributes somo materials for Irish history, . which would bo impugned if coming from any less relinblo source. The ' Law of Honor' is nn admirable commentary upon that fatal codo, so long upheld, even by wise and good men, as ' a kind of supplement to Christianity,' and it is illustrated by sketches of the most remark - ablo duels of tho past nnd prosont century. ' The Amulet,' a story, tho scene of which is Iaid'amid tho wilds of Spanish California, could hardly fail to bo replete with adventure and excitement. Far nnd away the beat nrticlo in the number (although it may find fewest readers) is tho roviowof ' Merivalo's Sermons on the Conversion of the Roman Empire.' Thero is also a thoughtful and encouraging papor on the progress of worlung men's clubs and institutes in England. Tho sooond part of on incisive, but obviously partisan, attack upon tho public career of Mr Glad stone is almo3t tho only noticeablo paper iu Black wood. According to the writer, tho classic Chan cellor of the Exchequer ha3 sinned hopelessly in tho direction of liberalism, botrayed the church ho was elected to defend, nnd drifted into democracy, William Blake introduces us iuto some curious scenes in the lifo ol that extraordinary artist and poet, nnd renders it rather difficult to decide whether ho was not influenced quite as much by insanity ns the inspiration of genius. Tho review of Bul wer's poem is a panegyric, not a criticism, and not even a judiciously bestowed eulogy cither. 'Guy Neville' is ono of thoso ghost stories in which thoro is no ghost, the plot boiug a clever practical joko ; but the trick is rapidly be coming stale. Of ' Piccadilly, an episode of contem. poraueous autobiography,' the less said the betteris With tho exceptions of the two stories — ' Who o tho Heir ?' and ' Gny Doverell,' both of which ar decidedly clevc-r, aud up to the ' sensational point of interest — thoro is generally something mono tonous about tho Dublin University of late. We have had thoatrical reminiscences ad nauncum al ready, yet hero is another re-hash, entitled ' Ros cins in Dublin.' As a counterpoise, however, we havo a thoughtful and scholarly essay on the 'Ethics of Macbeth.' Tho 'Night Adventuro ' is tho best of tho serie3 of ' Scene3 in the Transi tion Ago from Canar to Christ,' but this, to bo sure, is not extravagant praise. We have nl30 tho usual article ou Celtic literature — this timo ajnopos of 'LaMort d'Arthur.' In fact, thero is just so much of its old form nnd style about- tho University as to remind us of tho spirit which animated its pages in tho days of Lever, Mangan, Butt, Austen, Carleton and Ferguson. In Cornldll, tho now chapters of ' Armadalo' represont Allan Cuuningham settled as landed pro prietor in tho paradise of Rose-Thorpo, Major Milroy's pretty daughter representing Eve fairly enough, nnd tbo wily Maria Gwilt propnring assidu ou3ly to take tho role of the Old Serpent. ' Mon sier Babon,' is a touching littlo French story, which would bo croditablo oven to Thackeray's own pen — probably it ia from that of his gifted daughter. 'Wives and Dauglitors' continues to unfold vividly tho varied acenos and the tragio comody of English social life. Tho essay on tho position of landscape painting in England evi dently proceeds from ono whose passion for art aids instead of prejudicing his capacity aa a critic. ' A Midsummer Ride in South China,' will givo Ana tralian readers a moro favorable idoa of the Celes tial Empire than has been suggested by the manners and customs of the Tartar clement of our population. Tho number winds up with a spirited description of somo episodes iu the campaign through which Garibaldi conquered tho kingdom of Italy for a prince who nwnrded tho nchievemont with tho proverbial gratitude of princes. Temple Bar holds its ground as ono of tho most onjoyablo of our periodicals. ' Sir Jasper's Tonaut' has already gathered around him an intorest deeper than could bo excited by an ordinary sensation hero. Tho curtain has dropped on the lust sceno of ' Paid in Full,' all parties having had their accounts settled, Badly and merrily, much as such matters are dis posed of in the world of proge. A fine, healthy, old British spirit pervades tho paper on ' Royal Marriages and Subjects' — a topic requiring to be treatod with vigor aa woll as skill, and which baa here fallen into good hands. Of course, the article on ' Our Navy of tho Future,' ia well worthy of perusal in these portentous days. Macmi lan presents the usual melange of very ap petising and barely tolerable materials. No need to say in which of theso we includo ' Tho Hillyars and the Bnrtons.' A too brief biograph of Erasmus, uuu u-uiuwm oaiitu s paper uu un: proposeu consti tution for the now British- American stato of Acadia, are tho only other noticeable matters. This month the ' Sou of tho Soil' ia of tho earth — earthy. St. James's Magazine, this month, in addition to tho sensational story of ' Only a Clod,' has some very readable sketches aud tales — among others, one en titled ' Colonel Von Balen and the Widow,' a ro romarkablo story of tho great Peninsular war. The point of the story is that Colonel Von H-.ilen, a Spaniard of Flemish dcscont, who at first de3erted his own countrymen, nnd took service undor Joseph Bonaparte, again betrayed tho French, when ho found nn opportunity; and, iu conjunction with a young widow, whom ho bribed by a promise of marriage, outwitted two distinguished French generals, effected their unconditional surrender to gether with throo thousand vetoran soldiers, nnd tho discomfiture of Marshal Snchot, Duko of Albufera. Van Halen forged cipher despatches from Snchot ; the fair widow conveyed them to their destination, and thoy had the effect of luring a considerable por tiou of tho French army into au ambush. As Captain Light, ' afterwards Colonel Light, and Sur veyor-General of Australia,' is one of the heroes, wo must givo tho pith of the story. Here is the catastrophe : — ' The march of tlie French columns wa3 resumed at daybreak ; and whilst the sun was yet high in the heavens, tho sheen of tho English bayonets glittered in t.lin rliiitnnnn nn.1 n Tivilw'i innimtoi? ing up informed Lamarque that ho could proceed no further. General Sir W. Clinton, it wits added, re ferred liini for an explauatiou to tlio Spanish generals D'Erolles and Canipans. Resistance was out of the question, and the French surrendered to Cum pans ; Sir William Clinton obstinately refusing to have any thing to do with an affair which, but for him, might have had iv very different termination. This was un fortunate, as, had ho technically been a party to the terms of surrender agreed upon, ho would have had a right to intervene in prevention of tho scandalous violation of thoso terms by the Spaniards. Tho suc cess of the coup dc traitre was complete, aud General Campans, in a flaming order of tho day, boasted that he had captured a French corps of three thousand men, including two general officers, twenty pieces of cannon, a vast quantity of baggage and a rich military clic3t. The loss to the French commander-in-chief was a heavy ono at that juncture, particularly as Sir W. Clinton and his allies, having no longer to observe Tortoza, Lerida, Jleguinonza, Manzan, wero enabled to effectually prevent Suchet from joining his chief. Marshal Soult was in sore and pressing ueed, too, of such help as fifteen thousand soldiers d'elite might havo rendered him, and at no time more so during his harassed retreat upon France than about a fortnight after Lamarque's surrender, when, hotly pressed by Wellington, he was marching through the sandy plain nierous rear-guard. Ono corps was posted on a hill thickly covered with trees, the end of which abutted on a high road. It was of tho utmost importance that the English general should ascertain what force was on the other side in his immediate front. All who attempted to ascertain that fact were killed or driven back by the firo of skirmishers. At last Captain William Light dashed forward, ns if he would force his way through the tirailleurs, but had hardly readied the wood when he was seon to drop tho reins, nnd fall back in his saddle badly wounded, and scarcely able to sustain himself, lii3 liorse continuing to gallop onward. The skirmishers, believing him to bo mortally hit, ceased firing, anl, in the position described,' the daring soldier rode along the front of the French infantry on the other side, counting them as he passed. That ' done, Captain Light sprang upright iu his saddle,) grasped tho reins, and, spurring his liorse to his fullest speed, galloped, without being touched by thoir hasty fire, past the skirmishers, who thought they had killed him, and riding up to Wellington exclaimed, ' My lord, there aro but five battalions on the other side of tho hill.' The wood was consequently at oace formed, and Soult received the blow at Tsrbes, which he might olse havo avoided. But. for Van Halen nnd the widow it is quite clear that Captain Light might have had to report that there were thirty instead of five battalions on the other side of the lull.' 