THE MAGAZINES. The opening paper of the North British flevieur, entitled ' The Rise and Progress of ths- Scottish Tourist,' furnishes pleasant reading for zverybody, but it will be specially interesting both to thoso who have enjoyed, and who meditate, a ramble in search of the picturesque through the ' land of the mountain and the flood.' From the first strangers who traversed the heather, Julius Agricola and his1 followers, to rraainfc old Pali-ink frvnlmm tho ilia. coverer of the Trossacks, the writer seems tho roughly familiar with all the 'travellers' talea' worth the telling ; and he enlivens his own narra tive with snatches of poetry and tradition which realise tho impression, produced by tho scenery of Scotland upon many a remarkable mind since tho invading Romans confounded the Tiber with the Tay, and compared the Wicks of Beglie to the field of Mars. It was not always in search of the pic turesque that the illustrious strangers wjnt thither,, be it observed. Cromwell, for example, on visiting: the romantic ravines near St. Abb's Head, thought', less of their wild beauty than of the fact that there* was a place ' where ten men to hinder are better thant forty to make their way.' Before the natural! beauties of the country were revealed, and imuV dered illustrious by the genius of Scott, ordijAry visitors experienced somewhat less pleasure* ihaa peril, during their adventures. For example, this is an amusing account of a stranger's introduction, abGut a century and a half ago, to what is now one of the most charming watering-places in the British dominions : — 'Leaving Crawfordjohn.he says : — 'From this place I went over mighty hills, sometimes being amongst tho clouds and sometimes amongst bogs, I think with-, out seeing a house, or anybody but a poor shepherd'ar boy, to Elvinfoot, a poor sorry place of two or threa houses ; and here ia a rapid river . that tumbles over a VQCky bottom, tliWgh.it 18 OQt deep, , , , I slioul^ not have travelled this day, being Sunday, but I was willing to get out of this country as soon as I could; oh, the curse that attended it! I was far pastElvin foot, and the road or rather steep tracks — for since I left Douglas I hardly saw any other— were so obscure, I could hardly find a way, and the rocks were so thick and close that I had of ten much ado to get myself and horse . between them. Now I were on a vast precipice of a high rick, with the river roaring under me, and anon I was in a bog!' Poor man, this was far from the worst of it. Mist came on, anon, sound Scotch mist; He had the folly to enter on that ground without a pocket-compass— a folly no tourist should ever perpe trate. A dark cloud, he tells'us, came between him and the sun, ' and out of this cloud fell such a shower of rain, that I was wet through presently, and it grew so' suddenly dark that I could scarcely see my hands. I got down and groped with my hands for a path, but quickly found the sheep- tracks had misled me. I be gan to sink in' half way up' the leg, and iriy horse more, and now and then I tumbled, over a bank, but what sort of one I could not tell ; and now I came so near the river that I heard it roar dismally, and did not know but every step I went I might tumble down a steep cliff, or fall into the river Annan.' After wait ing for some time he fell to ' honoring,' but in vain, and he feared going up the hill, not knowing what company he might find there. Night came on him, and he tried to sleep in his saddle and horse-cloth, but he had to shif them over and over, as whenever he lay down he found himself sinking in the bog. 'As the day,' he continues, ' began to dawn, I hoped it fair, but feared a fog. Sometimes I thought I saw a bush at a distance, and sometimes a house ; but plainly dis cerned that if 4 1 had gone lower down the hill, I had gone into a deep bog by the river side. I went a mile one way, and then back again, and a' mile the other, but could see neither house or road.' He Came at last to a village. Belated travellers are proverbially unscrupulous in giving trouble, but this one's method of proceeding was quite original. 'My patience had served me almost all it would, and I threatened to break their windows, but could not find a pane of glass in the town. I then fell to unthatching a house, and pulled off some of the turf,, at which a fellow came an grily out, but when'he saw me was very humble, and directed me over the small river. Annan, and in the way toMoffat, for which I rewarded him;, and on this 17th of April, 1704, 1 got to Moffatt. ^Tbis is a small straggling town among high hills, and is the town of their wells, in summer time people coming here to drink of their waters ; but what sort of people they are, or where they get lodgings, I can't tell, for I did not like their Iodging3 well snough to go to bed.', ' The Rev. John Booth's book on Ancient and Mo dern Epigrams is treated more mercifully than such elaborate rubbiah deserves. The article on the Re cent History and Policy of Spain is both wellin formed and well-timed. Of course, the essay on 'Tests in the Universities ' is an eloquent argu ment for the abolition of a system which degrades the church,, defrauds a large section of the people, and hinders the Universities from again be coming, whafe they once were — the - intellectual trainers of the entire country. ' The Holy Roman Empire ' sheds light upon some of the most impor tant, and, at the same time, least perfectly under stood, chapters of mediaeval history, a true concep tion of which is indispensable to the student who, seeks to understand the origin and development of the various European States. From a genial and appreciative sketch of the life and works of Leech, we select this account of the celebrated Punch dinner, the delicious conviviality of which nobody enjoyed more intensely than the nrtist :— ' When the history of the rise and progress of Punch comes to be written, it will be found that the Weekly Dinner has been one of the chief things ?which contributed to its success. Almost from the foundation of that journal it has been the habit of the contributors every Wednesday to dine together. In the whiter months,' the dinner is usually held in the front room of the first floor of No. 11 Bouverie street, Whitefriars — the business offices of the proprietors, ' Messrs Bradbury and Evans. Sometimes these dinners are held at the Bedford Hotel, Covent Garden. Dur ing the summer months, it is customary to have ten or' twelve dinners at places in the neighborhood ef Lon don, Greenwich, Richmond, Blackwall, &c.; And once a year they attend the annual dinner of the firm, at which compositors, readers, printers, machinemen, clerks, &c;, dine. This dinner is called the ' Way Goose,' and is often referred to in Punch. At the Weekly dinner, the contents of the forthcoming number of Punch are discussed. When the cloth is removed. and dessert is laid on the table, the first question put by the editor is, ' What shall the cartoon be ?' During the lifetimes of Jerrold and Thackeray, the discussions after dinner ran very high, owing to the constitutional antipathy existing between these two. Jerrold being the oldest, as well as the ? noisiest, generally came off victorious. In these rows it required all the suavity of Mark Lemon (and he has a great deal of that quality) to calm the storm ; his awifd always being final; The third edition of Wednesday's San is generally brought in to give the latest intelligence, so as to bring the Car toon down to the latest date. On the Thursday morning following the editor calls at the houses of the artists to. eee what is being done. On Friday night all copy is delivered and put into type, and at two o'clock on Saturday proofs are revised, the forms made up, and with the last movement of the engine the whole of the type is placed under the press, which cannot bo moved until the Mondav moraine, when the steam ia again up. ; This precaution is taken to prevent waggish tricks on the part of practical joking compositors. At these dinners none but those connected with the staff proper are permitted to attend ; the only occasional exceptions, we believe, have been Sir Joseph Paxton, Mr Layard, the present Under-Secretary, Charles Dickens, and Charles Dickens, junior. As an illustra tion of the benefit arising from these meetings, we may mention that Jerrold alwaysused to say, ' It is no Use any of us quarrelling, because, next Wednesday must come round with its dinner, when we will all have to shake hands again.' By means of these meetings, the discussions arising on all questions helped both caricaturist and wit to take a broad view of things, as well as enabled the editor to get his team to draw well together, and give a uniformity of tone to all the con tributions.' The 'attractiveness' of Frdzer is not much increased by the insertion of the Dean oi St. Paul'B homily upon the 'Clerical Subscription Commis sion.' ' Virginia, First and Last,' presents some agreeable anecdotes and reminiscences of the great Southern State, which poor Thackeray did so much to render classic ground. Here, for example, is something that will be new to many readers : — ' There is one portion of Virginia of which I cannot undertake to give an account, — that which consists of the counties Accomack and Northampton, and which is separated from the mainland by the Chesapeake Bay. This is called 'the Eastern Shore,' and not nearly so much is known of the people who dwell there as of the Japanese. They are said to represent the lowest classes who came originally from England. Printing, books and newspapers are unknown among them ; and they are said to still give their annual pre sidential vote for General Jackson, being ready ton. ob any one who ventures to hint that the General is no longer a candidate for earthly honors. Some Munc hausens declare that they still imagine themselves Jiving under George III. This was a part of the GopgcessioBtiiPiatriot which, foe m.«py years returned. Henry A. Wise to the United States Congress. Once in that body, when Wise had cast some slur upon the ' Buckeyes,'— the popular name for Ohioans — the Hon. Thomas Corwin, of Ohio, amused the House with the following story :— ' Sir, when on one occa sion I was conducting a case in ? — court, we had called as a witness an aged man, of a Rip-van- Wink- lian aspect,' who seemed tottering upon the verge of the grave, and to be certainly more than a century old. On being asked by the court how old he was, he replied : ' Fifty years.' The Judge in astonishment, put the question again: 'Fifty years,' was the reply. ' Sir,' said the Judge, 'it is evident to all that you are nearer twice fifty ; it is only your extreme age that prevents my committing you for contempt; You are uide11 oath, shy — how old are you?' The old man, with a tear upon his wrinkled cheek and with tremb ling, cracked voice, replied, — 'I did live a matter o' forty year on the Eastern shore o' Virgiriny; but I hope the Lord hezh't counted that agin me.'' It is one of the humors 'of the present war that when Ge neral Dix invaded Accomack he was unable to discover but one man, who was very drunk. General Dix having carried with Mm from the President a procla mation, the vanquished man was placed before the troops when he had recovered his senses, and had the proclamation, — beginning solemnly, ', Citizen of Ac comack !', read to him.' Gilbert Rugge increases in interest with every chapter, a sturdy, old Australian sheep farmer being now added to the dramatis personce, with no small advantage. ' Mr Froude contributes some materials for Irish history, which would be impugned if coming from any less reliable source. The 'Law ! of Honor' is an admirable commentary upon that fatal code, so long upheld, even by wise and- good men, as 'a kind of . supplement to Christianity,' and it is illustrated by sketches of the most remark able duels of the past and present century. .' The Amulet,' a story, the scene of which is laid .amid the wilds of Spanish California, could hardly fail to be replete with adventure and excitement. Far and away the best article in the number (although it may find fewest readers) is the review of ' Merivale's Sermons on the Conversion of the Roman Empire.' There is also a thoughtful and encouraging paper oil the progress of working men's clubs and institutes inEnglond. ??' '. ' ?! '. ;. The second part of an incisive, but obviously partisan, attack upon the public career of Mr Glad stone is almost the only noticeable paper in Blaclc wood. According to the writer, the classic Chan cellor of the Exchequer has sinned hopelessly in the direction of liberalism, betrayed the church he was elected to defend, said drifted into democracy, pure and simple. The notice of Gilchrist's Life of William Blake introduces us into some curious scenes in the life of that extraordinary artist and poet, and renders it rather difficult to decide whether he was not influenced quite as much by insanity as the inspiration of genius. The review of Bul wer's poem is a panegyric, not a criticism, and not even a judiciously bestowed eulogy either. 'Guy Neville' is one of those ghost stories in which there is no ghost, the plot being a clever practical joke ; but the trick is rapidly be coming stale. Of ' Piccadilly, an episode of contem. poraneous autobiography,' the less said the betteris With the exceptions of the two stories — ' Who e the Heir ?' and ' Guy Deverell,' both of which ar decidedly clever, and up to the ' sensational point of interest — there is generally something mono tonous about the ZFublin University of late. We have had theatrical reminiscences ad nausenm al ready, yet here is another re-hash, entitled ' Ros cius in Dublin.' As a counterpoise, however, we have a thoughtful and scholarly essay on the 'Ethics of Macbeth.' The 'Night Adventure' is the best of the series of ' Scenes in the Transi tion Age from Cse3ar to Christ,' but this, to be sure, is not extravagant praise. We have also the usual article on Celtic literature — this time apropos of 'La Mort d'Arthur.'' In fact, there is just so much of its old form and style about the University as to remind us of the spirit which animated its pages in the days of Lever, Mangan, Butt, Austen, Carleton and Ferguson. In Oornhill, the new chapters of ' Armadale' represent Allan Cunningham settled as landed pro prietor in the paradise of Rose-Thorpe, Major Milroy's pretty daughter representing Eve fairly enough, and the wily Maria G-wilt preparing assidu ously to take the role of the Old Serpent. ' Mon sier Babon,' is a touching little French story, which would be creditable even to Thackeray's own pen — probably it is from that of his gifted daughter. ' Wives, and Daughters' continues to unfold vividly the varied scenes and the tragic comedy of English social life. The essay on the position of landscape painting in England evi dently proceeds from one whose passion for art aids instead of prejudicing his capacity as a critic. ' A Midsummer Ride in South China,' will give Aus tralian readers a more favorable idea of the Celes tial Empire than has been suggested by the manners and customs of the Tartar element of our population. The number winds up with a spirited description of some episodes in the campaign through, which Garibaldi conquered the kingdom of Italy for a prince who awarded the achievement with the proverbial gratitude of princes. Temple Bar holds its ground as one of the moat enjoyable of our periodicals. ' Sir Jasper's Tenant' has already gathered around him an interest deeper than could be excited by an ordinary sensation hero. The curtain has dropped on the last scene of ' Paid in Full,' all parties having had their accounts settled, sadly and merrily, much as such matters are dis posed of in the world of prose. A fine, healthy, old British spirit pervades the paper on ' Royal Marriages and Subjects'— a topic requiring to be treated with vigor as well as skill, and whioh has here fallen into good hands. Of course, the article on 'Our Navy of the Future,' ia well worthy of perusal in these portentous days. Macmi Ian presents the usual melange of very ap petising and barely tolerable materials. No need to say in which of these we include ' The Hillyars and the Burtons.' A too brief biograph of Erasmus,, and Goldwin Smith's paper on the proposed consti tution for the new British-American state of Acadia, are the only other noticeable matters. This month the ' Son of the Soil' is of the earth — earthy. St. James's Magazine, this month, in addition to the sensational story of ' Only a Clod,' has some very readable sketches and tales — among others, one en- . titled ' Colonel Von Balen and the Widow,' a re remarkable story of the great Peninsular war. The point of the story is that Colonel Von Halen, a Spaniard of Flemish descent, who at first deserted his own countrymen, and took service under Josoph Bonaparte, again betrayed the French, when he found aa opportunity ; and, in conjunction with a young widow, whom ho bribed by a promise of I marriage, outwitted two distinguished Frenoh I gCGprfllg, effected their twcpaiUtioiiftl surrender to. gether with three thousand veteran soldiers, and the discomfiture of Marshal Suchet, Duke of Albufera. Van Halen forged cipher despatches from Suchet ; the fair- widow conveyed them to their destination, and they had the effect of luring a considerable por tion of the. French army into an ambush. As Captain Light, 'afterwards Colonel Light, and Sur veyor-General of Australia,' is one of the heroes, we must give the pith of the story. Here is the catastrophe: — . ' The march of the French columns was resuiiied at daybreak ; and whilst the sun was yet high in the heavens, the sheen of the English bayonets glittered in the distance, and a British mounted officer gallop ing up informed Lamarque that he could proceed no further. General Sir W. Clinton, it was added, re ferred him for an explanation to the Spanish generals D'Erolles and Campans. ' Resistance was out of the question, and the French surrendered to.Campans; Sir William Clinton obstinately refusing to have any thing to do with an affair which, but for him, might have had a very different termination. This was un fortunate, as, had he technically been a party to the terms of surrender agreed upon, he would have had a right to intervene hi prevention of the scandalous violation of those terms by the' Spaniards. The suc cess of the coup de traitre was complete, and General Campans, in a naming order of the day, boasted that lie had captured a French corps of three thousand, men, including two general officers, twenty pieces of cannon, a vast quantity of baggage and a rich military chest. The loss to the French commander-ia-chief was a heavy one' at that juncture, particularly as Sir W. Clinton and his allies, having no longer to observe Tortoza, Lerida, Meguinenza, Manzan, were enabled to effectually prevent Suchet from joining his chief. Marshal Sqult was in sore and pressing need, top, of such help as fifteen thousand soldiers d' elite might have rendered him, and at no time more so during his harassed retreat upon France than about a fortnight afterLamarque's surrender, when, hotly pressed by Wellington, he was marching through the sandy plain of Ger,.covering and masking his movements by a nu merous rear-guard. One corps was posted on a hill thickly covered .with trees, the end of. which abutted on a high road. Tt!was of the utmost importance that the English general should ascertain what force was on the other side in his immediate front. AU'who attempted to ascertain that fact were killed or driven back by the fire of skirmishers. At last Captain William Light dashed forward, as if he would force his way through the tirailleurs, but had hardly reached the wood when he was seen to drop the reins, and fall back in his saddle badly wounded, and scarcely able to sustain himself, his horse continuing to gallop onward; The skirmishers, believing hi™ to be mortally hit, ceased firing, and, in the position described, the daring soldier rode along the front of the French infantry on the other, side, counting them as he passed. That done, Captain Light sprang upright in his saddle, grasped the reins, and, spurring his horse to his fullest speed, galloped, without being touched by their hasty fire, past the skirmishers, who thought they had killed him, and riding up to Wellington exclaimed, ' My lord, there are but five battalions on the other side of the hill.' i The wood was. consequently at once formed, and kSoult received the blow at Tarbes, which he might 'else have avoided. But for Van Halen and the widow it is quite clear that Captain Light might have had to report that there were thirty instead of five battalions on the other side of thehill.' 