FOREIGN MISCELLANY. The American papers complain of a lack of women in the new mining tsrriteries of the Far West,. Nearly the entire Population of Nevada and Colorado are of the mole sex, and now that they have got houses and cities, and wealth of slIver and gold, they are anxious beyond measure for the society and help of women. Neither wives nor servants can be had, though both have unequalled opportunities. The Rocky Mountain News Is very plaintive on the subject, and is also practical. It detlnres that women will find in that country the "Utopia of their dreams." if hasbands are desired, they can be had at leisire; and if women wish to engage in household em ployment, they can quickly acquire fortune. The men out there, moreover, are not only rich, but the editor assures us are otherwise deslrable, nod he proceeds to enlarge upon their virtues. A very common and rather carious error has been pointed out by a Neov York paper. This is the mistake of spelling the name of a well known Mexican port. " Matamoros" instead of " Matsn moros." The true name means "Death to the Moore;" but, as erroneously spelt in telegrams and reports, it signifies "Death to tho Moorish womeon"-an outrage to humunlty as well as orthography. The freedom of action allowed to Christiad womaenstill strikes the true Asiatic as Inoxplio. able..: The Dnynanprakash, a Marathi paper, publishes a letter caricaturing European ideus on this subjcct. T'e wmiter, who signs himself 1 Ghost," is made to cay that the Queen is going to issue the following commands regarding tho conduct of husband and aife towards each other': '-Every husband must bow 12 times to his wifh the first thing in the morniaD. Next hs should fetch water and bathe 'her, and, having i"washed iter clthes, must cook for the family.; After that, he should seat her in a becomlng manner,' acnd serve her food. He is then to give her Vid'an qd then etro for his own stomach.. 'The wife In hbr turn must kick him 12 times early every morning, make him work at thel suanidrndgncy, and go ,o his office. 1'omen are at perfect liberty ctoi .o hive as they like. Adpltery will not be reckend sinful, neither will the Government look upon It as penal. The women are to be ally authorised to use the ro4 towards their husbands. A flue piece of carpeting, measuring 14 feet by 20, the first of the kind manufactured in Austria, has just been placed intha museum of Viunia. It presents a map of the railways of Central Europe, and was produced at Prague. Sen Domingo.-The following are tha terms of the Convention cooeluded between the Spanish and Dominican Generalsprior. to the evacuation of the Italnd by the_ Spanish troops:-" 1. The Dominican Government recognises that it ts solely to an act of maguantinity on the part of the Spanish people. that they will owe the indepeo. dentce theynarenabout to enjoy. 2: 'I'he Dominl cans who. faithfal to Spain, may wish to remain in Sanlo.Domigo, will live under the protection of the laws, their. persons and interests being rec spected, and these who may leave the country will have the option' of returning thereto when they wikh, and' will enjoy the same idvantages during their absence. t. The Government of the Itepuhlio will pay to Spain an indemnity for the expenses ofa the war, the amount of which will be eubhequently determined by, treaty. 4 The Domiolaan Government, solemnly engaees ntt to alienate all or asty of their territory without the consent and authorisation of Spain. 6. Upon the abaedoamentt of the Island by Spain the sick of thabSpaaish armny now 1a. hospital will 'remain until their restoration .to hbath, belng tended and assisted with care, their expenses to be paid by I an officer of the Spanish Military Admialsetration who will remain on the island for that purpose. AM. Boudin has presented a report to tbe Academy of Sciences on the accidents caused by a lightning, from which it appears that there were 2238 persons killed instantaneously by ihatning tg in-France between the years 1835 and 1803. Theb report further remarks that when lightnlog falls on groups of persons of the two sexes, it strike. especially the meet, spariD mare or lees the woman., 1. Bouadin:adids that there are severalo examples of beech trees having been destroyed by lightning, and that consequently the statement made at the last acteatitlo meeting at Manochester' relative to the exemption from injury enJiyed by that tree is not co- rect. Of 34 persona killed by lightning fn,the open fields during the year 1853, 15 were struck while taking shelter under. trees, and of 107 persona' killed by lightning between 1841, and 1853,, 21 are reported to have been klilled under trees. . The pants of Alpine climbing have iately re caeved another painftl illustratlo. The .Tournal de Genere reports a fatal accident to q party of Englih tourists on their descent ot Mont Cervin, or Matterhorn, on the 14th of July.. The party consisted of four tourists-Messrs. E. Whimper. Charles Hudson, -and Mr. Haddo, and Lord Francie Douglas, and some go-des. -They per. formed the ascent successfully. While descend - ing, however, one of them made 'a false stop and fell and all being tied with the same cord, he drew two others of the party and one of the guides after him. All' four persons immediately rolled down tha side of the mountain, and fellt over a precipice 4000 feet deep. 'The names of the unfortunate gentlemen who have perished are Lord Francis Doaglas, 1i years old, Air. iladdo, and Mr. Charles Hudson, of the London Alpine , Club. The name of the guide is Cros. The -bodies have been recovered. A siagular story to reported from Stockholm, Captain Domhroski, who playeda very prominent part in the late Polish nsuurrection, and who oc cnpled an important post on the stall of the bRo alsan army, and was a great favorite withtte lin.s sian oficeors, many of whom tie induced to join the insnrtection, was arrested in Ansnat, 1tal, and there being no proofs against him he wao da tained for thirteen months in the citadel of War saw. At length In October, 1803, 'a Rosmian officar confessed (it is said under torture) that Dombrowski had been amember of the National Government. He was then tried by court mar. tial, and sentenced to dehib,' but Count Berg commated the sentence to Id years' hard labor It Siberia, and Dombrowski was sofet there in Oc' lobar, 1864. ' Meanwhile furtlher, frormstlion having been obtained, seutence of death was asain passed upon him, and on express was sent after him to bring him back;for execution; but Dom' hboweki succeeded in making hies escape in the disguise of a woman, and was received- with open arms by the Liberals at St. Peterhburg.- He might at that tine easily have crossed the frontier but he was unwilling to do so without his young wife, whom ho had married while in prison at Warsaw, and who had been banished to Ardatow, a village in the interior of Russia. Ile madee his way to Ardatow,'founn his wife, -and after num aroes advcntures returned with her to St. Peters burg, whence they escaped through Finland to Stockholm. - The Courrier de'Briltagne, a paper puilished at Lorient, France, gives an interesting account of an experiment made at hello Isle to isal at night by means of electria tight. 'rho light was n produced by a powerful clecronmagnetic machine onsatructed by M. Boain, the well-known engineer. I The experiment, which was conducted " by M. Bizin on board the Andaloose, in the presence ofa 1500 persons assembled on the pier, was camr pletely successful, and the quantity of fish taken very large. A person present states that nothing I can be more exciting than fishing at sea by nighci with the nld of this light. As snoon as tte sub. marine lantern was immersed, -shoals of ftabi of every kind came to sport in the illuminated circle, I while the fishermen outside it spread their netsa from their boats. The light illuminating the deeee sea, the fish arrivion in shoals, attracted by the fictitio.s sun, the ftoats at the edge of the lighted circle, the deep silence, interrtped only by thta - grating of the elec'roamagnetlc machine, is do" ecribed as an imposing sigiet. H. Basin is shortly to proceed to Bone, in Algaris, to establish ie coral eishery by the assistance at his electric light. He' proposes in the meantime to descend 400 feet into the sea, and explore what le calls "the depths of the ocean" with his submarine instruments; The Mlinieter of Marine has given orders for eI ship of war to be placed at tle disposal, and Admiral Chopport hits appointed a commission; composed of engineers and naval officers, to attend Al. Basin's experiments oficially. Mrs. Sigourney, the well-knonu American nathoress, died at her residence In Hartford, Con= necticat, onotht loth June, in her 74th year, She had been in failing health for some time, but had been confined to her room and bed only three t weeks. She was born in 1791. In 1819 she was f married to Mr. Signurnoy, a hardware dealer in C Hartford, and a man of much culture and literary a taste, and had by him two children-Mary, the eldest, nw 'the wife of the Rev. Francis T. Rus. e sell, of Geneve, New York; and Andrew, whose I deqth a few years ago, was- the subject ot one of I, her works, entitled "The 'Faded (lope.".. Her t, first volume, entitled " Moral Power, in Prose and ' Verse," appeared in 1815, and since that time site I has been one of the most prolific American r authors. ' Together, her publications number nearly d0 voluwes,- many' of .whleh attained a o_ erylarge circulation. ~ She is said to have made "It a paint to give et least one-tooth of her incomea A to charitable objects. i The Nazioneof Fiorence has the following re marks on oneaol aer English customs-" Every London himuse Is inhabited by one single family, y and as Itee onter doors are always shot, the knocks Is at the door, counted from within,,, indicate the e station in life of the 'person at the door; to give more or less knocks is-an act of iteolence or doa gradation. The milkman, sweep, beggar, the ocr vante knoick with one single knock, as if to o0e, I' ' allow me.to come in.' Two knocks denote ties a postman, tax gatherer, &n;, and seemto say, It a is my bhsiness to enter this house.. When three y knocks are given; they indicate the measter of the Is house or a friend of the family, and are give,, witll an air of comsmaod, as if to say 'openI' SFour knocks steadily given deoate a person of a consrquence, some aristocrat. arrived In a car n ringe. Theso.four knocks tlay be supposed to ex. 1 press, ' I intend to enter.' lie who gives four y knocks, and after a short pause repeats them with n s certain proud impetuosity, Is decidedly either a m stnlord or milady, or Indian nabob, a Rustils ae prince, German baron, or ttalian marquis. These ocu eem to soy 'Open .quickly; I wish to honor is yen with, a visit.' .e RulrcttscAax. - A correspondonk ef tho te Germnanoataw Teleraph eecommtte'tdo tit appt lea. ef tion of leeroesinetl Ist the 'parts affetted t y rhcu In mntism as an effetostn remedy icr- this psaifal Id complaini, ' 