COURT OP MINES. Thursday, 27th April. (Before His Honor Judge Kojjers.) Upon the application of Mr M'Dermott, Mr James Vernon Hitchins was admitted to sign the roll of the courta over which hia Honor presides. Ballarat Water Commission v Lai Lai Water Company-In this Stieglitz appeal case, Mr Trench, on the part of the appellants, notified that a motion for change of venue would be made, and asked when his Honor would be prepared to hear the motion. Hia Honor said, as the case would not come on till June, the motion might be held over for the present, and could be mentioned again. Graham (Kand-in-Hand Company) v Stack (Sir William Don Company)-Mr M'Dermott, in this case, read an affidavit setting forth certain matters of account and other details, which were accepted by the Court, and the sale under the order of the Court was confirmed. Fraser and others v tlie Essex Company-Mr M'Dermott for the plaintiff, Mr Trench lor the .Essex Company. This was a suit to recovcr ccrtain shares and for an account. The plaintiff Fmstr is thejwife of John M'Donald Fraser, #and wa9 late the widow of one Atkinson, a squatter of means, who left ber a portion of hia property with remainder to the children of the testator. Upon the second mar riage of the plaintiff Fraser, the bequests by Atkin son wero cancelled and Messrs Wtrn (or Worrell) and Lloyd, the other plaintiffs, were appointed trus tees for the children, the plaintiff Fraser having out of the trust property purchased the shares now sued for. The plaintiff Fraser had also signed the company's dead as executrix of ttie will of Atkinson, but her second husband, the defendant Fraser, hud ^ot hold of the scrip which, however, had been subse quently Bold under writ of the Supreme Court against the defendant Fraser, ana the trustees under Atkinson's will had purchased and had thus.it wa3 now alleged, acquired a double title and ought to have their suit as now brought by the plaintiffs Probate of Atkinson's will was put in showing that plaintiff was executing, Messrs Clough and Bueliar.it baviDg renounced as executors thereunder, and that her interest therein devolved to the children in the event of her ceasing to be the widow ot the testator. His Honor said the appointment of Worrell and Lloyd, as truatoes by the plaintiff, Fraser, as the re maining trustee uuder the will, appeared to be invalid, and, if so, the suit, as in the name ol tlu trustees, was bad. Mr M'Dermott held that the re maining trustee had the power, and that, at any rate, the trustees, Worrell and Lloyd, had become trustees as holders of the legal interest in the serin bv mir chaso nt the Sheriff's stile. All the parties, therefore, were before the Court, nnd tiio Court ought to protect the property. Mr Trench read a paper of the date of the 2Gth inst, purporting to be signed by the plaintiff Fraser, in structing her solicitors to withdraw the suit, as Bhe and her husband had made up their dispute. Mr M'Dermott said he knew nothing about the paper, and did not know how it could have got into the hands of Mr Trench. J. M'D. Fraser, the defend ant, informed the Court that he and his wife had amicably settled the dispute, but she felt a delicacy incoming into court, and he therefore, out of con sicl er at ion for court etiquette, had handed the docu ment to Mr Trench. The suit was then held over till nexl Tuesday for further mention. Critchley and o hers (late Volunteer Company) v United Extended Band of Hope Company-Mr M'Dermott for the plaintiffs; Mr Bunny, Mr Trench, and Mr Walsh for the defendants. This was a suit for discovery, and for an injunction. The case for the plaintiffs was, that they had be come registered on the 20th September, 1S59, for 44 men's ground. On the 8th July, 1861, the Volunteer Company, of 20 men, took up a block claim on the possible course of the Golden Point Lead, but the defendants objected, and the Warden ruled that the plaintiffs had not encroached, and the plaintiffs were registered, no appeal being made by the defendants. The plaintiff! shepherded the ground, and on the 31st January last they applied lor tho ground afresh, as abandoned ground, when the defendants again ob jected, but the Wardeu ruled tlv.it the plaintiffs wero entitled to possession as against the old Volunteer Company. The plaintiffs had begun to sink as legal holders, but the defendants nl«o claimed as frontage- \\. holders of the lead running through the ground, and the full width of the plaintiffs' claim as well. But the plaintiffs lield the defendants to be entitled to 200 feet only, a3 they had not applied for the lurgi'r area to which they might otherwise have been entitled. The plaintiffs had obtained a Warden's order to descend the defendants' shnfr, but it was refused execution-an order rather toenter upon the claim-and the order beiug resisted, there was DO power in existence to enable the Warden to en force his order. The plaintiffs then wrote to the defendauts' manager asking leave for Mr Surveyor Cowan to make a survey of the defendants workings within the plaintiffs claim, and ou'.Bide the Golden Point Lead. That application had not been granted by the defendants, and hence tho present suit lor discovery and for an injunction, the plaintiffs hold ing that the defendants were only entitled to 200 feet of the gutter there. The plaintiffs, it was sub * mittc-d, also might claim to fortify their title upon the grouud that iv registered claim could not be held to bo actually abandoned, but only constructively abandoned, so long as tho registration remaimed uncancelled. In any case, however, the defendants had not made appli cation for the ground under the 77 sec., or in any i other way as they might have done ai.d ivero bound | to do in order to acquire legal occupation under the bylaws. Mr Bunny said he could not understand the case at all as a suit in equity. Of all the eccen tric cases coming belore his Ilonor this was the most eccentric, for no privity was Bhown between the parties. If all was proved that had been alleged the suit wa3 still premature until all had been esta blished before the Warden whose jurisdiction was in fact being put aside for that of the Court of Mines. If the defendants had more ground than they were entitled to, tho plaintiff's remedy was before the Warden and they were clearly out of Court, liut the iilatntiffs had gone before the Warden who had refused to give the legal title sought by them, a l.ict tho plaintiffs couusel had omitted to state. The Volunteer Company had had only a sham possession, and had never doneunything at all. And lioiv could the Court entertain this suit? Llis Honor concurred, and said he thought that if he entertained this suit it would bo a great blow against the present system of registration and he must therefore dismiss the suit with costs. Sir M'Dermott submitted that the plaintifi3 had a registration, and the de fendants had cot upset it. His Honor dis missed the suit without prejudice to tho plaintiffs' rightB at law. Mr M'Dermott urged that the defendants were not entitled to costs, as the suit might have been unnecessary if they had con sented to the survey asked for by the plaintiffs, whose application, moreover, had not been answered. For Buch cavalier behaviour, the defendants then should be deprived of their cost3. Mr Trench stated that no evidence of refusal was given, and the defendants' title was anterior to the plaintifls'. Mr Walsh stated further that the Warden had, in his presence, refused the order to go down the de fendants' shaft, asked for by the plaintiffs. Mr M'Dermott said an order to go on the defendants' claim had been granted, and the Act made such an order to include the right of descent of the shaft. His Honor-But did you proceed against the de fendants for resistance ? Mr M'Dermott-No, as it would have been of no practical use: His Honor Then I cannot allow tins Court to be made a court of review. The costs were then taxed down from £112 15s lOd to £43 6s4il, as between party and party. United Extended Band of Hope Company v Hand io-Ilund Company-Mr WuWh in this suit informed the Court that the terms of tho consent decree were not yet agreed upon. Mr M'Dermott said the poiDt originally at issue was a very trilling one, but the plaintills now nished to exclude the defendants from 1 all rights withia the immense area swept by ths plaiutiff3' parallels. The suit was then held over till next Thursday. United Extended Band of Hope Company v St. George United Company-Mis Honor mentioned this appeal, and asked if there were many points of la* to be argued, as if bo, it might be desirable not to summon assessors till the law points had been dis posed of. As to going to the District Police Court to hear the ease he objected to that, as it was incoa venient to the police authorities. Ke had written to the Minister of Justice pointing out the need better Court accommodation and, if possible, thc Warden's Court should in the meantime be altered in its arrangements. Council ou both sides sniJ thero was not likely to be much time required for legal argument,and the case might be gone on with on the day appointed. The boa3ted array of counsel in the cftBe was declared by Mr M'Dermott to bo unknown to him. The Court thea adjourned till next Tuesday. A Hiveiuni; GHOST.-We have not many recorded iuataucea of suptrmitural visitations in the sliafe of ghosts in Australia. Some, however, have l>i'«n spoken of. Dr Lang, in his history of Ne«'South Wales, mentions oue, through the instrumentality of which a foul murder was discovered; bus occurrence took place many years ago, and has well nigh passed away from the memory of the oldest irihubicant. Most people have heard of that haunt-u spot, the Block Swamp, between Deniliquiii r.nd t»J Murrumbidgee, round which, it is said, at tho dead hour of night, a headli!S3 trooper ridca a grey cob at lull speed. We were assured the other day that # party of three men camped thero lately for tin-' night, were nearly scared out of their souses by the appearance in the lull moonligt of this mWotR" visitant. Our informant was positive that the oc currence had taken place, and we believe he sincere in his belief as to the appearance of the #P" parition. It doen not take much to impose on Benses of a certain class of btishmen, who are as 3,ui:erHtitiouj as their eea-going brethren, ins R»M\ 