police courts. CITY COURT. Thiirsdnv. 1i(h TVn.mliA. fBffforC . Mc.MIN. Sfltrl- Tltirtf ami ir-tot \ Va»rakt.— Alice Gialinui, churgod with having no visible lawful means of support, wns ent to gaol for three tnnnth. Pktty Tiibpt.— Mary A. Wood, on remand, charged with Mealing a brooch from u uiau named Rmhnrd tttirvl/ ntuu/.Ywt i.z. was disniLssetl for want of cvidcttce. ' Burglary. — iliintn Chambers, on remand, was charged witli burglariously entering the premises of the Glass House hotel, Colling wood, on tiie morning oi the Otli inst. Tlie cose had heen postponed for the purpose of Iinvlng n portion nftlie property recovered. He was now found to bo implicated In (mother otise of liurglnrv. rom- inltted at the house of Mrs. llayiics, Victoriu street, Hothnui. A gold wntelt which had been traced to tho prisoner, wns identified 03 baring been stolen from the Glaus House hotel. Cora'- m it ted for trial. Stealing »rom a Shop.- a Chinese named Ah IIou wns charged by .Intncs Stephenson, 13 liotirke street west, watchmaker, with stealing n watch valued nt LIS. It seems Hint tlto prisoner went iuto prosecut ji-'s shop, ami t(;ir the prtcc.i n iilverwntc.'i,':).iccaicdittj:.ii: / , , lis slecTe. Being followed,: 1 1 1 . i i (j w lite watcli into the road, nnd P. r u i : ( t0 pieces. The prisoner pleaded guilty, an 1 1. 1 1 a d- inittcd having stolen a diamond ring from tiie shop of Mr. Gaunt, jeweller, Little Bottrkc street He was sentenced to 12 months' Imnrisontucnt SUBURBAN COURTS. JIoTIIAM. — (Before Messrs. Lloyd, Davis Flanngan, Thomas, Warren, Carroll, and Itad- cliil'e.)— Henry limerson, n blacksmith, charged with wilfully breaking windows, damaging a con stable's cap, and assaulting tho police, wns fined Lit) with 12i. dnmages, or in default three months' imprisonment. The prisoner was described as n most brutal ciinrncter; he tore the constable's coat with his teelli, and damaged his clothes — James Kerby, Joseph Warner, Andrew Iladdow, John M'Namnra, nnd Peter Murray were fined hi sums varying from Is. to JOs. for breaches of the borough by-laws.— Matthew Moloney wns fined His. and His. (hi. costs for Assaulting a little boy named James Burke.— A few small debt cases were also on the list. Fitzroy.— (Before Messrs. Born. Falconer Curtain, and Howell.)— William Miller was brought up, charged with drunkenness and making use of obscene and abusive language For tlie first offence he was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment; nnd for the second, to three monttts- imprisonment with hard labour.— James Wuir was brought up charged with lunncv. Tho magistrates put some questions to him, the answers to which proved the charge, together with the evidence of a doctor. The prisoner thought that the ghost of n friend had been fol lowing him for years. He was sent to the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylunp— Ann Maltoncy sum moned John Greaves, of Palmer street, Filzroy for L22 10s. wages, for one year's work as n servant on nn up-cauntry farm. The defence set up was thnt tlie defendant was not tho person who was the owner of tlto farm, nnd that thetigh he had, it iippearcd, in some lnensure assisted at the drawing up of an agreement lietwcen the com plainant and the person whom he called her master— his brother, Thomas Greaves, then living on the form— lie had not taken upon himself to pity Iter. The cvldenco tor the defence was very conflicting nnd contra dictory, hut from thnt of both sides it appeared that Thomas Greaves, brother of the defendant, had come out from home and in some wav got settled on the up-country form, which tile de fendant' said was his in right of his wife Ann Greaves. A servant was to be taken to the farm the complainant was hired; and the defendant drew up nn agreement, in which Titos. Greaves promised lo pH.v the girl's wages monthly. Tho« Grcnves took tlto girl to tlie farm, and made her not his servant, but his niLstrcHi ; and, when site lind it child, went awny without giving iter any money. Site then summoned John Greaves, the brother of her master,— who had owned the farm iu right of his wife, and who said lie had himself been tlie original owner of the cattle at tlie snnie time that he received only farm produce lroiu the resident brother, nnd no money as rent— on the pica thnt he was the owner. This tlie defendant repudiated. The Bench gave a verdict of L10 17s. Cd., and L2 2s. costs. An appcnl was lodged. ptianran.— (Before Messrs. Templiton nnd Snowball )— Charles Carman summoned Mar garet Balcotnbe for using obsonco language. She did not appenr to answer the charge; and the Benclt ordered her to pay 40s., witli 2s. Cd, -'costs —Frederick Ileycroft, for maliciously threatening to tnke the life of Charles Notley with a knife was bound over to keep the pence, himself iu L50,' and two sureties of L25 each. Sandridge.— (Before Messrs. Call, Plqmmcr nnd Thomas,)— David Brown, who wits arrcsteii by Detective Kennedy, on board tbe steamship Wonga Wooga, on the 8th inst., an a charge or committing a rape on a lilltlo girl 10 years of age, in Sydney, was remanded to that place, the necessary warrant for his transmission having arrived.— Snreh Neeve summoned her husband Geo. King Neeve, for leaving her without menus of support. The complainant stated thnt she hnd only been married ahout eight weeks to the de fendant, out of which thoy hnd only lived together four weeks, tho greater part of which time he did not go toiii home until 3 or 4 o'clock in the morning. He left iter about three weeks age, and returned last Monday morning after she had taken out a summons for maintenance. He then struck her, nnd dragged her out ot bed, but she took up n candlestick to defend herself with. He hnd struck her on many occasions previous to Monday last when they were liviitg together Tbe defendant stated that bis wife was coutiaually rifltofr abcut h) cm ut niht-time, and attorn!! WlreU's dancd room, fillliougli Jie had toldjioe. not to do so, nnd routloned her tbnt he tvdulil not lire with her if she did. He was wiUinpr fo hva j j . ' 611 0eP 1'® would May n't lioine and do her duty. This Mntomnnt was tbnied by the complnhinut, and her mother tuid fishr, but Utrec carmen were called as witii&es; to suppwt it. The evidence of each however wiw oulv to tlie eilcct .that lie had driven her to town or.bacfc nlxHit onee. The complainant rdso Mated that the defendant laid been living with another woman three ww-k of the time riuw; their marriage, who had told her that she hail Jfved with him for two years previously. Tbo Bench said they considered it npient pity that tho compfnintont and defendant sliould dtaigree ho much before they hnd been married two xnontlw both parties had evidently mb-b.-hnvod themselves, nnd they would therefore order tli&ro; to. bo peparatod for two months,' the defendant to pay hiR nife 12. per week. If ut the end of that time he had behaved reputably, and kept a gooil home for her to return to, they would order her to do fo but, iffihe had iiol behaved propwly, or refused to j:o home, they would order that, tho rahintenance thou Id then he cancelled. They would, however, order its coutinu&ucc;, and confirm the reparation, if tho defendant did keep to the terms they had stated. —The romaioder of tho business coiimMh! of small debt case and umiiiouse against defaulting ratepayers. 