WHAT IS A CHURCH?. 2b the Editor qf the Launooston Examiner. Sn,--The words " Church," " Apostolic Church," '"Christian Church," &o.;, are in couistant use among us, yet they are frequently misunderstood, aidd strangely misapplied. They are often> connected with unfounded assumptions and absurd . pretensions. In manking, this remark I have no wish to follow in the wake of your correspondent who signs himself" Christian": my object in addressing you is to elicit truth, and direct the attention of my follow colonists and others to serious enquiry on an important subject. I shall not attempt to heap obloquy on any of the existing organisations which in common parlance are termed ',Churches," nor shall I attempt to eulogiso any which may be thought i to have certain accordances, with Apostolia i usages. My enquiry shall Nonfine itself to the I simple meaning of the, word "church" in its r primitive sense, and I'shall strive to lead r others to enquire wh etor we have Christian . churches on the Apetollt model extantamong I us, and wiethersnch churches are doing " rightly the work for which they were primarily instituted. The word "Church " in its primitive sense, meant a congregation assembled either for a good or had purpose. Wherever two or three met in the name of Christ, there they metfor a good purpose, and the Saviour promised to be in their midst The. noisy multitude who assembled at Ephesus met for 'a different purpose, yet they are tsrmed a church, while they exclaim "Great is Diana of the Ephesians." The word "church" was applied to any assembly of the followers of Christ who met in the house of a disciple to engage in the worship of the Most High, to offer up praise and prayer to a risen and glorified Redeemer, to commemorate His dying love, and to evince their love for each other. Hence we read of the church in the house of Stephanus, and also in the houses of other Christians. The Christian Churches of Jerusalem, An tioch, Ephesus, Rome, and Corinth were soda. lities or guilds of baptised believers. They were justified by faith and had peace with God, through their once crucified, but now risen and glorified Saviour. While they sa. knowledged the common brotherhood of man kind and felt a deep interest in its welfare, they were closely united to each other in the bonds of an affection arising from the nature of their union with Christ, their living Head, and from tho sanctifying influences of the Holy Ghost; Hence they were called saints, Souh sodalities were not influenced in their local arrangements by any foreign institution, nor was their internal management in any way affected by external influences. Each Church was independent of its neighboring one. In their aggregate stats they had no connection with the Civil powers extant, nor did they in their executive capacity seek their aid. Ma. gistrates and magnates might have united with them when they became the subjects of savieg grace, but in church-fellowship all worldly distinctions terminated. The Athenian, Arcopagite, and the Phillipian runaway slave, when converted to God, enjoyed equal rights in the christian commonwealth. When St. Paul appealed against his bitter enemies to Cinsor he did not do so because be was a christian teacher but because he was a Roman freeman. By this appeal he simply sought the protection to which he was entitled as a Roman subject. The members of Apostolic Churches ap pointed ofice.bharers as circumstances ren. dared them necessary. The:o is nothing, however, in the record, to point out the per petaity of such offices as those to which cer tain good men were appointed. The titles of some office-bearers in all likelihood have not come down to us. In the Church at Jerusa. lem, soon after the death of our blessed Lord, a description of communism obtained, and a general treasury was established, but we have no mention made of its management. This state of things soon terminated. The noees sity for its coatinuanc soon ceased. Shortly after deacons were appointed to look after the poor, and act as dispensers of the Church's willingbood. The faithful discharge of the duties which devolved upon them secured to them the commendation of their brethren. Deacons were not of necessity preachers or teachers-they were not pastors, but like any other gifted members of the guild, when opportunities offered they made known the un searchable riches of Christ to perishing sin nore around them, and were sometimes emi nently useful in doing so. The members of lthe Apostolic Churches by mutual consent appointed ministers as their representatives and teochers. The ministry arose from the Church's necessities, and in no wise from the Apostolic commission. There is nothing in that commission to war rant the assumption that they were to ap point successors or representatives. They were simply to indoctrinate mankind with the truths they had received from their Divine Master, and on persons boliuvitg those truths they were to baptisu them in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, as preparatory to their admission into the Christian common wealth. In apostoliu days the Christian mi ister, pastor, bishop, or preabytor enjoyed a real and not a meretricious honor. He pos seused a moral power, vastly more worthy of respect than that which in the present day arises from the artificial claims of an office which by many is doomed esotoric. This power never led to falso assumptions in men of the right stamp. They never affected to be magisterial, or superior to the ordinary members of the guild which they represented, and in which they faithfully and affectionately performed the duties of religious instructors. In churches thus constituted, discipline could be and was easily carried out. Here all the members were equal-hore there were no factitious distinctions; no differences of birth, wealth, and station; no ministerial absolutism, and no official caprice or overbearing. The wneak brother was warned and entreated, and the ofrending member robuked or dismissed in accordance with the collective judgment of a body of men who were constant in prayer to God for divine guidance and support. I cannot further attempt to trespass upon your attention at present, but with your kind permission I shall shortly do so again, asI am anxious to ascertain whether we have similar churches in this island, and, it so, to enquire what can be done to extend their influence. Iremain, Sir, Your ohodicnt servast, Anmous VzrOTA5. 