EDINBURGH FROM A SUMMER IN SKYE, BY ALEXANDER SMITH Every true Scotchman believes Edinburgh to be the most picturesque city in the world; and truly, stand- ing on the Calton-Hill at early morning, when the smoke of the fires newly kindled hangs in azure swathes and veils about the Old Town - which from that point resembles a large lizard, the Castle its head, church- spires spikes upon its scaly back, creeping up from its lair beneath the crags to out on the morning world -one is qute inclined to pardon the enthusiasm of the North Bridge. The finest view from the interior is obtained from the corner of St'Andrew-street, looking west. Straight before you .the Mound crosses .the valley, bearing the white Academy buildings; beyond, the Castle lifts, from grassy slopes and billows of sum- mer foliage; its weather stained towers and fortifica- tions, the Half-moon battery giving the folds of its, standard to the wind. Living in Edinburgh there .abides, above.all things, a sense of lts beauty. Hill, crag,' castle, rock, blue stretch of sea, the. picturesque ridge of the Old Town, the squares and terraces of the New - these things seen once are not to be forgotten, The quick life of to-day .sounding around the relics of antiquity, and overshadowed by the august traditions of a kingdom, makes residence in Edinburgh more impressive than residence in any other British city. I have just come in-surely it never looked so fair before? What a. poem is that Princes-streef.:. The puppets of the busy, many-coloured hour more about on its pavement, while across the ravine-Time has piled up the Oid town, ridge on ridge, gray, as a rocky. coast, washed and, worn by the foam of centuries, peaked and jaged by gable and roof windowed from basement to cope ; the whole, .surmounted by St. Giles's airy. crown., The New is there looking at the Old. Two fimes are brough face to face, and, are yet a parity by a thousand years. Wonderful' on winter nights, when the gully is filled .with darkness, and out of it rises against the sombre; blue and themfrosty stars, that mass and bulwark of gloom, pierced and quivering with innumerable lights There is nothing in Europe to match that,I think.. Could you but roll a river down the valley it would be sublime. Finer still, to place one's self near the Burn's 'Monument and look towards the Castle. It is more astonishing than Eastern dream. A city raised up before you painted by fire,on night. High above a bridge of lights leap the' chasm; a few emerald lamps, like; glow-worms, are moving" "silently about.in the railway station below; a solitary crimson is at rest. That ridged and chimneyed bulk of blackness with splendour. bursting' out at every pore, is the wonderful Old Town, where Scottish history mainly transacted itself; while opposite, the modern Princes-street is blazing through - out its length. During the day the' Castle looks down upon the city as if out of another world; stern with all its; peacefulness, its garneture of trees, its slopes of grass. The rock is dingy enough in colour, but after a shower its lichens laugh out greenly in the'refurning sun, while the rainbow is brightening on .thé lowering sky beyond. . How deep the shadow which ;the castle throws at noon over the gardens at its eet where the childen play! How grand when giant bulk and towery crown blacken against sunset! Fair, too, the New Town sloping to ,the sea. .From George-streeti which crowns the ridge, the eye is led down sweeping streets of stately architecture to the vallies and woods that fill the lower ground, and fringe the shore; to the bright, azure belt of the Forth, with its smoking steamer or its creeping sail; beyond, to the shores of Fife, soft- blue; and flecked with fleeting shadows in the keen-clear light of spring, dark purple in--the-'Summer -heat,' tarnished, .'gold , in the: autumn, haze ; and farther away still, just distinguishable on the paler sky,the crest of some distant peak, carrying the imagination into-the-illimitable world. Residence in Edinburgh ia an education, in. itself, . Its beauty re- fines one like, being, in.love... It is perenial, like a play of -Shakespere's.. Nothing, can state its infinite variety. From a historical and picturesque point of view, the Old Town :is the most interesting part of Edinburgh ; and the great street running from Holy- rood to the Castle: in Various, portions of its length called the Lawnmarket, the High street and the Canongate is the most interesting part of the Old Town. In that street the houses preserve their ancient appearance; they climb up heavenward, story upon story, with outside. stairs .and wooden panelings, all strangely peakd and gabled. With the exception of tthe inhabitants who exist amidst squalor and filth and evil smells undeniably. modern, everything in this long street breathes of the antique world. If you penetrate the narrow wynds that run at right angles from it, you see traces of ancient gardens. .Occasionally the original names are-.retained, and they touch the visitor., pathetically, like the scent of long-withered flowers. Old armorial bearings may yet be traced above the doorways. Two centuries ago fair, eyes looked down from yonder window, now in possession of a drunken Irish woman. If we but knew it, every crazy tenement has its tragic story; every crumbling wall, could its. tale-unfold;-The Canongate is Scottish history foss- .ilized.- 'What ghosts of kings and queens walk,there .What strifes of steel clad nobles! What wretches .borne along in the sight of peopled windows, to the grim embraoe of the "maiden!" Wat hurrying of bur- gesses to man the city wall's at tbe approach of the Southron! What lamentations over disastrous battle days! -James rode up this street on his way lo Flodden.. Montrose-was dragged up hither on a hurdle, and smote, with disdainful glance, his foes gathered together on tba balcony, ..Jenny Geddes flung her stool at the priest in the church yonder. John Knox carne up here to his house after his interview with Mary ot Holy rood grim and stern, and unmelted by the tears of a queen. ln later days the Pretender rode down the Canongate, his eyes dazzled by the glitter of his father's crown while bagpipes, skirled around, and Jacobite ladies, with white knots in their bosoms, looked.down .from loft .Windows.admiring the beauty of he young Ascanius, and his long yellow hair. Down here of an evening rode Dr. Johnson and. Boswell, and turned into ,the..White Horse.David Hume had his dwelling in this.street, and trod its pavements, much meditating the wars of the Roses and the Parlament, and the fates of English sovereigns. One day a burly ploughman from Ayrshire, with swarthy features and wonderful black eyes, came down here and turned into yonder churchyard to stand, with cloudy lids and forehead reverently bared, beside the grave of poor Fergusson. Down the street, too, often limped a little boy, Walter Scott by name, destined in after years to write its ."Chronicles".. The Canongate once seen is never to be forgotten. The visitor starts a ghost at every step.. Nobles, grave senators, jovial lawyers, had once their abodes here. In the old, low roofed rooms, half-way to the stars, .philosophers; talked, -wits, corruscated, and| ,galant young fellows, sowing wild oats in the middle of last century, worshipers and lace ruffles, and drank, claret jovialiy out of silver stoups. In every room a minuet has been walked, while chairmen and Iinkmen .cluttered on the pavement beneath. But theCanon-, gate has fallen from its high estate. Quite another race of people are its present inhabitants. The vices to be seen are not genteel. Whisky has supplanted claret. Nobility has fled, and squalor taken possession. Wild half-naked children swarm around every doorstep. Ruffian's loinge about the mouth's of the wynds. Female faces worthy of the "Inferno" look down from broken. windows. Riots are frequent; and drunken mothers reel past scolding white stomies of children that nestle wailing in their bosoms little wretches to whom Death were the gratest benefactor. The Canongate is avoided by respectable people and yet it has many visitors. The tourist is anxious to make acquaintance with it. Gentlemen of obtuse olefactory nerve, and of an antequarian turn of mond, go down its closes and climb its spiral stairs. Deep down these wynds the artist pitches his stool, and spends the day sketching some picturesque gable or doorway. The fever-van comes frequently here to convey some poor sufferer to the hospital. Hither comes the detective in plain clothes on the scent of a burglar. And when evening falls, and the lamps are lit, there is a sudden hubbub and crowd of people, and presently from its midst emerge a couple of policemen and a barrow with a poor half clad tipsy woman from the sister island crouching upon it, her hair hanging loose about her face, her hands quivering with impotent rage, and hr tounge wild with curses. Attended by small boys, who haft her with taunts and nicknames, and who appreciate the comic element which so strangekly underlies the horrible sight, she is conveyed to the police cell, and will be brought before the magistrate to-morrow-for the twentieth time perhaps - as a "drunk and disorderly," and dealt with accordingly. This is the kind of life the Canongate presents to-day- a contrast with the time when the tall buildings enclosed the high birch and beauty of a kingdom, and when the streets beneath rang to the horse-hoofs of a king.. 