THE WASTE LANDS COMMITTEE. The report of this Committee has been brought up, and forcibly recalls to memory the story of the mountain in labor. It is, indeed, a most lame and impotent conclusion to a most elaborate and (we fear) costly as well as pro tracted enquiry. But it is just what might have been expected, when a Committee was chosen almost to a man onnoaed to the nhienf; which the mover o£ the Committee had in view. The Chairman's draft report is said to have been mutilated beyond precedent: its main facts, arguments, and recommendations being wholly cutout, and the merest ghost of the original document retained. We will not, however, go more at length into the question at present, but merely give the following wretched remnant of a report, based upon a mass of evidence far exceeding the usual bulk of our too bulky ' minutes.' 'Your Committee having examined a large number of witnesses, more or less intimately acquainted with the Crown lands, and the mode of disposing of them, report as follows:— ?' 1. The faot that the land available for agricnltore is limited in extent, bag been brought prominently before your Committee. Most of the witnesses examined testify to the iaot, that from one-half to three-fifths of the available agricultural land has already been alienated— the quantity sold being about three million acres, and that remaining unsold being variously estimated at from two to three mil lions of acres. '2. Ihe evidence proves that parties freqaently combine in order to prevent fair competition at the land sales ; but it will be seen from the evidence why your Committee have been unable to bring the matter home to the parties con cerned. '3 The evidence also shows that individuals, not recog nised land agents, attend the sales Tor pj other purpose than to secure a bonus, by opposing intending purchasers. '2. It appears that it is customary for purchasers to give commissions to more than one land agent on lands pur chased, in order to prevent competition. '5. It appears from the evidence of agriculturists and others that it is desirable in some instances to survey larger sections, in order that those who wish to combine agriculture with grazing may have an opportunity of doing ' 6. Your Commute therefore recommend— 'First— That the demand should be carefully watched, and the (and only offered for sale as required. 'Secondly— That the plan for some time adopted of only surveying and selling land within hundreds should be strictly adhered to. ' Thirdly— That, in all future surveys of land, a con tinuous line of sections should be reserved adjaaent to main roads, in accordance with tbe plan occasionally adopted of late, for the purpose of enabling persons to biing stock to market. ' Fourthly— That, when It is decided to offer lands in any particular district, such a quantity should be offered at one sale as will ensure a larger attendance of buyers than would be secured if a small number of sections are offered for sale in different parts of the colony. 'C. H. Goodb, Chairman. 'Committee Boom, July 24, 18G5.' 