' ; ' THE GLASGOW" MURDERS. ? - / < j ("From tho Üome'Ñewt, July 2GJ . J Tho Trial and Confession, of Dr Pritchard. !AtIO o'clock on Monday morning, July 3rd, tho trial of Dr Tritchard, on, (thb,'chargé bf múruóriñg his wifq oiid mother-in law in .Glasgow, commopccd in tho High Court .pf,.Justiciary of .^Edinbdrglv before, tho" Lord Justice 'dork, Lord Ardmillon,' odd. Lord' Jeviswoodo. Tho.tQourt-room. was, .crowded, .and 'many .woro dis-, appointed in obtaining admission:' Tho , indictment ohorgod tho prisoner withi administering tartorised anti-' mony,, aconite, and ..opium to his mpthi-r-ia-lawj Juno; . Cpwpor Taylor, 'iii tapioca ' and in porter or beor, and iu a jmedioino- called Buttloy's. sedative,, solution, be'tweonj tho 10th "and'25th of Fbbruory, 18(151 «nd it also charged aim with, administering ¡on repeated pcoasions. in Febru- ary'and Mureil, 180^5," tarta'risod'aptiinouy ami aconite tb his.wifo, Mary jano.Toylor Pritbbard, in artiplospf .food and ofmedicino. . '.. . "'' ' 1 *.'.!' . (Tho prisóuor o'nterod tho dook at 10, o'clock oxactly, droasod in , deep .mourning-,,'. Ho waa ! calm 'and ,self-' possessed aud looked coolly round tho court",whon ho,had falcon his scut. . Hojs a stout, well-built.mán¿ prepossess- ing in appearance,' and' witl'i'sharply-defined features'." Ho] wears his .hair long, and has a,long busily beard, but ho I moustache.': Ibo'. prjsbher'a brotlior, '' Chorlos Augustus Pritchard, socrotary' to, tho naval ' commapd'er'-in-ohief, Pfymouth, by; permission of tho court" took" his boat bo sido, him in tho dock, and rcmainod with, him .-all day. Tho prosecution .'was ' conducted, in tlio absence of the Lord : Ad voca to in London, by '.tho Solicitor-.G.onbral, assisted by Mr , Gifford, àud . Mr Chriohton, advocate's' deputy ; tho defence was coil du ct od by Mr A. B. Clarke, Mr William Watson,: aud Mr David Brand," advocates. Tho. prisbnor's'counsol moved tho Court to sopàrato. tho .two charges of murdor, on tho ground that it embarrossod. tho dofonco to try'tho twp oriuios together. Tho Court unanimously refused ,'to grunt tho ïbquost.. Tho prisoner wns thbn called o~ii to plead' to tlio indictment, and in a icloar dUtiuctypioo ho, ploaded-.'' liotguilty,": and a jury i lmvpig boen empanelled, tho'ovidoncó for thóprosocution commonccd about, half-post ll o'clock. ' Tl)o remainder . of tlio'day was occupied' by ,'tlio; oxamiúaiion of five witnesses, throo pf whom,'wore mbroly formal, and occupied only a fow minutos.''' Tlio two important witnesses wore Catherine Latimor-and Mary M'Lood. : Tho jury rotircd to'considor their verdict about, twority minutos past I o'dook, and rot UL nod in about "nu hour with au unanimous vordict of Guilty" on both' charges. .. . . , .'. ,'". ." The Lord Jubtico Clork thon sentenced the prisoner fp, booxouutcd atr Glasgow on tho.28th. of July, and'in pass- ing sontenco said that tho vordict of tho jury- procoode'd upon ovidenco which coidd leuvo no roasonablo doubt on tho minds of thoso by whom it was considorad. \- ; Tho prisoner, who had maintained groat composure throughout tho iivo days of tho trial, scorned greatly' af- fected when tho verdict was pronounced, and leant slightly on tho policeman sitting besido him, but wliilo tho sontonco was boing rocorded ho coniplotoly rogainod his composure and aftor sontenco was passed upon him ho bowed to tho Judge, and also to tho jury, boforo loar- ing tho dock. .. ' . v I .. ' After Dr Pritchard's conviction ho was romoved from tho bar of tho Justiciary Court to tho coll below, whore ho partook of tea. immediately on roaching tho cell whore tho refreshments woro Bot, hoBaid to ono of tho policemen who had charge of him-"I'm innocont of this charge." That was tho only remark ho mudo. On going to toko his piuco in theVan, ho covered his faco with his hat to proyent tho Iorgo crowd through which ho had to pass gazing upon him. On tho ensuing night, July 7, 'tho prisonor was very 'restless, Uko a person in o fovor. Ho only slopt about an hour. Tliero worethroo wardors with'him all night who engaged in roliginus exoroisos, tho i prisoner joined willingly with thom. Ho frequently as- sorted his innocenco to those around him, and said ho had bcon convicted by mistake. It appears bo was so confident that tho vordict would bo in his favour that on tho Cth ho stated to thoso around bim that ho would immediately- go south, ? and afterwards to Italy to join Garibaldi. On Saturday morning, July 8, Dr Pritchard was rcmovod from tho Calton Gaol, Edinburgh, to Glas- gow, under tho eli argo of a criminal officer and throo assistants. The prisoner was attired in tho black dress suit which ho had on during tho trial. Boforo leaving tho gaol ho was shackled to tho officers, nnd ho remained fnatoncd in . this ?> way throughout tho journey. Ho np peurod quito composed and looked about him with-tho utmost coohioss. HÍB departure was witnoaied by a large number bf porsoris who had assomblcd on the platform. Tho following extracts aro' from Dr Pritchards diary: -"17th Fobruary, 1865.-Kiod boro nt 1 a.m., Mary Joño, my own beloved' wife, aged 38 years j : no torment surrounded her bedside,1 but, Uko a calm,' 'peaceful lamb of God, passed Minnie away. May God and Josue, Holy Ghost, ono in three, welcome Minnie. ¡Pr'ayor On.prayer, till mine be o'er, everlasting loro. ' Save us, Lord, for thy. dear Son." .. ;' CORimsaiON OP DH. IBITOirAn,D.. ..J:i. : , ; , I "Confession by Edward William Pritchard, and rondo in tho prosonco of-an- All-sooing God; and of the Rev. .Tv Watson Koid, my present spiritual adviser, on the 19th' day of July, 1863, at Glasgow prison; for communication to tho proper authorities. I, Edward "William Pritchard, in tho full possession of all my sonsos, and understanding tho awful position in .which I am placed, domako'frco and open confession that tho sontenco pronounced upon mo is just '; that Lam guilty of tho death of roy mother in-law, Mrs-Taylor,1 and ¡of my wife,¡Mary Jane:Prit- chard -that' I can assign. no motivo for tho conduct : whioh actuated mo, boyond a species bf terrible madnoss, and tho uso of ardent spirits. : I heroby freely and fully stato that tho confession mado to tho Bo v. B. 8. Oldham on the 11th day pf this month was not truo, and I heroby confess that I alono, not Mary M'Lood, poisoned my¿ wifo in tho-way brought out in evidence ht my trial) that Mrs Taylor's1 death was cansed according tb the wording of- ' tho indictment I further'state < to bo truo : ' and i tho main facts brought out', on my trial I'hereby, fully ac- knowledge, arid now plead wholly, and' "solely »guilty thereto, and may God havo morey on my soul I .-»I": pray parnostiy for repentance not tb bo repented of, 'and for fo'rgivono'ss from Almighty God,: through tho intercession" of our blessed Bedoomer,: Mediator,- and Advócate, Jesus' Christ tho Lord and; Saviour.- Follow oroatjircs, pray formo, and'lot-mo'add I am in charity with all mon. I havo now to record my humblo thanks to alt who havo takon part in any way for my. in tores t.. ^First, to their lordships tho judges- for thoir great patience, forbearance,! and careful'consideration of my; ease," and to tho- gontlo jnon'of the jury j to alltho officials;' Loannot helpimen tioning tho clork' of tho HiglirCourt of i Justiciary, tho (Governor (Mr Smith) of tho Edinburgh Gaol;, th» cbnp-l iain;'!Eov -Mr . Bussell,.Hoad-Warder Nolson^Warders. John ' Livingstone and ^Mackintosh ; the ? Governor, of Glaiigbw'Prison,' Mr Stirling ; Mr Armour; head-warderi chaplain,- Mr Doran ;- his assistante, Messrs-Hogg J and ¡Tro up!; Warders ? Miîtrio,-'Thomson;- &o.;¡?. tO'Drs Leish-'.' man and Dowar¿ surgeons' to Glasgow "ptriaon; * and Dr; Simpson; of Edinburgh gaol. ; ¡'Po tho: uon-oflloials ; my heartfelt thanks aro. especially duo ; to tho: Kev.' Dr. jMïl leiy of Frdo' St Mil ttliovfs's; < Glasgow '; ' and . to : other niinislors who havo writton tb mo, not adding thoir names; ,tb<Dr Norman Mnclood, may God bloss lrim ¡ nnd to. my' Own immediato faith:professors,' Hov; B. S. Oldham and iRovlflLV"Watson Reid ; . to' tho polico authorities- Supori iihto'ndoht M'Call. and polico-it tho control ofllcc, .Glas- gow ;' to Sbrgbont Stewart, of tliolîdinburgh:polico forfcoj 'and'tho BhorifPs officers, Wileon; of Glasgow,'and Fer-; IguBon, of.'Edinburghj and to many others'.whoBO cour-, [tosy nnd-'kiPdnosB ' -I' cannot forgot j -abovo oil to Sir.; Archibald' Alison, Sheriff,. &o.;,'for liiai humano, gohtlo. treatment whilo'undbrgoing his legal dutias.i'l May - each land all aooopt tho thanks of a dearly ponitent einnor, nnd May Hoavon'bo'thoir reward,'is tho last prayer of Edwnrdi William Pritohard.'.'? ??. ! .?' -' .;>.'...'-.. ...(.:... -:! v. -..-i j . There is also connected with Dr Pritchard anothor 'coso 'on which perhaps ho may bo nblo to' throw somo'light i ; .some'three or four yoars ago a fomalo serrant in his employ- was found buruod to death in his house. .< Sha 'was found lying on hor bnokon tho bod,-with tho lower' part' of hor .liorson much burnod. 'and tho door wiis looked, but tho key could not bo discovered. At tho time tho CUBO oxoitod gravo suspicion that alic did'.not oonib by hbr death fairly, and it saomod almost incredible that a woman' who was burnt'to douth should ,bd found lying ' on her back. Sho' naturally woutd havo cn f v. .» .{-L i ..^ a,t il (lotiTourtxl to savo hersolf.-and tho infcronco drawn.from ,thtj odi^cjrcumstqnco .was -fluit- tho. .unfortuptjto,young Avohiáú was already dead "bofqro (ho Çpd^took. br -wamset; on,Gre. In rel'erpnco to thia,.çirôums^'cfc^a .CJlnajjow' journal observes:- , '.',"t. I!,,' .!. ..".'j. . Some facts bavocomo to pürkiiowledgbjóóhuTOtcd with' .tho mysterious biwhif^^Vlio^sc'rv^niit.^in Ihis^h'ouao'^in J3orkcloy-torraoo,'cilgu¿íé¿^ deeper '^'a'do, bf auspioion ovor thp'opourronoo,.f li^n .of tt cqhtamod'in tho naxratiyp's.bf'th is quito tr'uo that tho^d¿(qr.ofltho. rp opa' ^viVo'rp'^hp. Servant' .waa Blooping was locked, But it Vus not quito, sb.^cbrlqui that' it. waa looked from tlio'.insido. ,;ïho','.kb^r .was,'nbt^ .in tho look, but wasfound by Dr.iEHtoii'ar'd^ñ'^ yoonií full of smoko, lyingori Ibo bc'dr,where thb'-sqr'vuy^ lj»y charred and lifeless.'"'Nbb'bdy(BW ^vósj ,in tho.dbofor's hand, aiidf.hby£ ho'coüld'linvV's^Vpndlly' found it "in ab un^^v'a^tpla^y4m'*4s^.ti>4 'doitsot'anil.' '.of», tjujsfc suffocating sa^bko,' ' romains a mystery tlíút wo fear.' points oiity'to piio sbliitibn."' On' uuqther 'niáttor^-vjz.^ .tho motivó for tho" doublo ihurdor bf .willoh' ho'.ho^'bqqu foúud guilty-oonsidorablo.lightis thrown by hu rotations ; with a wóólthy hoiross in ,GliWg'ow*..f' Tho young hi'dy iii qu'oatipn .had. somb "£Í4lOOO.iri ¡nor own'Tright.'.' Dr. Pritchard was bli visiting and.' gènoriflly.Vprotty familiar, terms vritl} tho heirosa, upon , whom,' simple'mid' unsiis pocting'to a degroo/úo blaíno irósli). AFaro^bt)ih'or'.''re,-]. 80uroea,'^tho'doctor sought a'loau bf !'mbüóy. lBprorb giving it, tho young lady consulted a'friond, who advisod that tho moiioy should not ^bo' g'iyeri.'./iTho ádyicb,r'wág acted upoii, and tho refusai broke- tip tho corrcs'pondonco. Tho.hiutus in tho intercourse' thus- oroatod roudo'red. it impossible' for.tho "prosecution to iht.roduco this opis'ody into'thb trial ; but.had mattors all gono right, it is pasy to' pbrooivo what.light it would havo,shod upon, tlip ono fioiut in tho cuso on which no light'foll in.court, 'and no ¡gilt has y et fidlen in his confoaaio'n.y' .! '.. ] < ,, Tho convict koops calm and comppBod, eponding 'tho. wholódáyiñ reading tljb'few books supplied out of , tho" prison library',' outing woll and sleeping, soundly; ' ."Ah 'application' has'-olrehdy ' boon 'received from a person ' bm-1 .bilious' of officiating on ' the'. morning bf - tho ' 'oxeoution.' .'This rival to Culoraft, '. although quito, unknown" on. tho "platform of tho British gallows, states that ho qualified , hirasolf for, t|ip task by, a short ' but. arduous. apprentice-' shipduriog tho mutiny inindia, whorb ho mado his first essay amongst "tlio rebel sepoys! ' Tho authorities, ' if is" stated, have agreed tb employ Oulcraft. ¡In porsonal appoaranco^thooo.nyiot.is a .tall, slightly built mun, about 5* foot ÍO mohos or ll inches in height, with sharp pointed foaturos, aquUiuo lioso, and doo« ' noir appear i oidor.. than.- tho; ago ., stated-viz.,. forty-ouo .years. ; ' ..'» .,- . -.«... yr. .-.,.» .? -, * ? : 