EUROPEAN MISCELLANY. Tjie Armstrong Gu;nb. — A return has been fur nished to Parliament by the Marquis of Harrington, showing that the expenses inclined on all classes of Armstrong guns, their fittings, projectiles, &c.;, in cluding the 100-pounder smoothbore guns, since the date of the return frimished to Mr. Monsell's Commit tee in May, 1863, amounted to £286,418 Os. 8d. The changes and alterations in the same period have cost £16,627 2s. 4d., while the extra cost in providing pro jectiles, &c.;, in consequence of alterations, has been £5032 4s. 2d. The return is made up to the date of the last balance sheet (March 31st, 1864); the expenses incurred during the present vear cannot be accurately shown until the next balance sheet, up to March 31st, 1865, is ready. This may be expected to be completed about July. Curious Discovery. — In the autumn of 1864, in an abbey of Italian Benedictines, was found a series of musical instruments, which belonged to the age of the Lower Empire. Many celebrated musicians repaired to this convent to examine these instruments, which were all found to be in a good state of preser vation, and several of them were most magnificently ornamented. Among others was a cythera, formed of ivory ; the chords of which were gold, mounted by rosettes of diamonds. Sunday in Stockholm. — About 9.30 on a very hot morning in July, we set out for the Storkyrkan, or great church, dedicated to St. Nicholas, which may be considered the cathedral of Stockholm. Externally, it is an unsightly building, of a mixed and debased style of architecture. The interior had much the appearance of a large English parish church in an unrestored state ; y. consisted of a nave and two aisles, the former filled with large, mean pews, and the lat ter disfigured by galleries. The whole church was thickly covered with whitewash. The organ is a magnificent one, but adorned with a great deal of gilding, not in the best taste. The pulpit is a huge ereetion, rich in gaudy decoration. There is no lectem or reading-desk in Swedish churches, the service being said either from the altar or the pulpit. On entering, we found the aisles full of people standing, while the pews were unoccupied, as were also a series of benches in the nave, answering to our free-seats, a barrier to obstruct admission to either being put across, guarded by a verger of unamiablc mien. A long psalm or hymn was being sung, dur ing which the priest advanced to, and took his station before, the altar, facing eastward. He was vested in a superb cope of crimson velvet, on the back of which was embroidered in gold a large Latin cross, beneath it a skull and cross-boncs, and the letters I. H. S. Under the cope he wore a surplice. The service commenced by the priest reading from the prayer hook an ascription of praise, in which, among other words, those of the Tersanctus and Gloria in Excclsis arc combined. This was followed by the confession, at which, though the people appeared very reverent and attentive, they did not kneel, neither did they join in. The priest then pronounced a short absolution, and the Kyne was chanted by priest and people. Thenfol lowed a hymn, very monotonous, of long- drawn notes, the priest standing all the while on the upper step of the altar, facing east. Some sentences (' The Lord be with you,' &c.;, the same as in our English Prayer-book) were then intoned by the priest in a magnificent voice, the organ and choir responding — the priest now facing east, now turning to the people. The epistle was next read, all standing. And now the barrier was removed, and a general and most un seemly rush took place to the seats in the nave, though the pews still remained closed, except to a select few, to whom evidently they belonged. The church had now become very full, the sermon seeming the great attraction ; for now a tall, thin man, of lugubrious aspect, habited in a gown and very small bands, ascended the pulpit, and commenced his discourse, which he read from a manuscript, his man ner and delivery being tame and uninteresting in the extreme. As in about a quarter of an hour he seemed to conclude, and all stood at the ascription, I con gratulated myself on the brevity of a sermon of which I could not understand a word. There wa6 now pro found silence throughout the church ; all leant for ward as if in prayer. This pause is, I afterwards heard, specially appointed, that the congregation may devote themselves to private prayer. It is a solemn period in the service ; till seem in earnest, and not a sound is heard throughout the church. A benediction intoned now followed ; then the Gospel was read, all standing ; then a short prayer from the preacher, still in the pulpit, who now apparently resumed his sermon — the first instalment, as I was afterwards informed, being a kind of exposition of the gospel. So now the real sermon, in all its slow length, dragged on for nearly an hour, during which the preacher showed no animation, and scarcely ever raised his eyes from his book. At the mention of the name of Jesus, which frequently occurred, all bowed the head with great Teverence. The sermon over, prayers frem the service-book followed, during which the majority of the congregation began to leave the church in a most irreverent manner, many of them appearing to forget that they were in a church at all. The preacher left the pulpit, and retired to the vestry, from which, after a short interval, he and the priest who had read the service, vested as before, advanced to the altar, and the celebration of the Holy Communion com menced. — Churchman's Family Magazine. It is well known that gases diffuse more rapidly through biscuit-ware than through indiarubher. Mr. An sell, however, whilst pursuing his interesting experiments on diffusion which we nave recently de scribed, has made the following curious observation, lie found that if a glass cylinder be intercepted in the middle by a plate -ef biscuit-ware, securely cemented in, and that then one end of the cylinder be covered with a thin sheet of indiarubber, and diffusion allowed to proceed through this body, the gag yvkich has diffused through iwtiarutyiSr remains between thst §UbeWⅇ hnd the biscuit-ware, exerting con sltlel'&ble; force, although the other end of the cylinder be perfectly open to the atmosphere. Coal gas shows this phenomena in a very marked degree. Mr. Ansell intends to investigate this fact when his other experi ments are finished, and at present merely gives the above statement in the Chemical News. A friend in South America writes that he is now spending a month with a farmer who owns a thousand miles of pasture, and a patch of com larger than Scotland, while he has got so many cattle that he had to boil the fodder for them in a volcano. A correspondent from the armv gives the following interesting item : — In this battle we lost the brave Captain Smith. A cannon ball took off his head. His lost words were, 'Bury me on the spot where I fell.' — American paper. As the moon, whether visible or invisible, has power over the tides of the ocean, so the face of the - loved ene, whether present or absent, controls the tides of the soul. Poetey m France.— This year's competition for the prize offered for the best French poem by the Academy produced such poor results that it has been decided not to award the prize at all. Tohacco and Madness in Fiiance. — From a Paris correspondent we learn that, according to the latest published returns, the increase of mental disease and the consumption of tobacco goes on yearly in the same ratio. It appears that from 1812 to 1832 the tohacco returns of Fkance were 38,000,000 francs, and the number of inmates in the public madhouses was 8000. Now tobacco pays to the Government some 180,000,000 francs, and there are 44,000 persons in asylums, some mad, more struck with weakness of intellect, softening of the brain, and other horrors of exhausted intellect. Male end female envelopes are being advertised in the United States. They are notthe articles so com monly used by our readers, hut the words are modest indications of garments usually worn next to the skin, the names of which are forbidden to be mentioned by our delicate Transatlantic couBins. A New' Bomrsiuxl. — The Cumberland Racquet save that Mr. Thcw, of the Whitehaven and Furness Rail way, has recently turned his attention to the construc tion of those fearful implements of warfare, bomb shells. lie has succeeded in working out an idea which has been pronounced by all who have seen the models, including several gentlemen in this locality w hose professions constitute them judges in such mat ters, as being eminently well adapted to the object in view. The new projectile consists of a perfectly glob ular shell — the shape to which Government has shown preference — containing a second smaller shell, of the same form ; this, again, contains a third shell, which in its turn contains a fourth. The idea may be most popularly explained by supposing one pillbox enclosed in another ; this, again by a third, and lastly, a fourth. The inner shells are about a quarter of an inch thick, and the outer is about an inch thick. The sizes arc so arranged that between each shell there is a clear chamber all round of about an inch. The smaller shell and the several chambers are tilled with gun powder by a very ingeneoua contrivance of the inven tor's, and the whole would be then closed up by the ordinary fuse. The enormous quantity of splinters which would he scattered about on the explosion of such a shell muBt be evident, and its destructive powers are something fearful to contemplate. At Preston, a few days ago, a young man, named Richard Dean, was killed through being cut with a scythe. A man named Thompson turned suddenly round, and his scythe, which he held in his hands, caught the deceased on the left thigh, gashed him shockingly, and severed the principal artery. The unfortunate man bled to death-almost immediately. The Australian Tkade.— The value of the exports of British products and manufactures to the Austra lian colonies showed a decided increase in the first quarter of this year, having amounted to £2,761,969, as compared with £2,232,272 in the first quarter of 1864, and £2,365,322 in the first quarter of 1863. The increase was shared in by all the colonies, with the exception of New Zealand. A Cuban Slave-dealer— Accounts from Havana state that a few months ago a slave vessel was seized and taken into a port of Cuba, of which Colonel Jose Augustin ArguellcB waB the governor. A part of the negroes were set free, but the greater number were re ported as dead, while they were in reality concealed and sold by Arguelles with the connivance of a priest. When he found that the transaction had been dis covered, Arguelles absconded to New York, where the Spanish authorities demanded and obtained his extradition. He has been lately tried at Havana, and sentenced to a fine of .50,00 O dollars (£10,000), to return to the several parties the sums he received for the negroes sold, nineteen years' penal servitude, and loss forever of all civil rights, with perpetual subjec tion to the surveillance of the authorities after the time of imprisonment has expired. It appears that Arguelles has appealed to Madrid against the sentence. Forfeiture foe Treason and Felonv. — The Attorney-General's bill proposes that property shall not be forfeited for treason or felony, but shall vest temporarily in tbe Treasury, and that the Treasurer may apply it in payment of the costs of the trial and the debts of the convict ; in making restitution or com pensation to those who have suffered through his cri minal or fraudulent acts ; in making an allowance for the support of his wife and children, or other rela tives ; and the balance or surplus is to revert and be restored to him on the expiration of bis sentence, or to his representatives. — Bell's Weekly Messenger. A Wise Judge.— A Massachusetts judg^has decided that a husband may open his wife's letters, on the ground (so often and so tersely stated by Mr. Theophilus Parsons, of Cambridge), that ' the husband and the wife are one, and the husband is that one! ' Rath Eii Seveiie. — Jcrroldand a company of literary friends were out in the country. In the course of their walk they stopped to notice the gambols of an ass's foal. A very sentimental poet present vowed that he should like to send the little thing as a present to his mother. ' Do,' Jerrold replied, ' and tie a piece of paper round its neck, bearing this motto — ' When this you see, remember me.' ' Coutts, the Banker. — Mr. Coutts was the son of a Dundee merchant. His first wife was a servant, a I-ancashire labourer's offspring. He had three daughters, one of whom became the wife of Sir . Francis Burdctt, a second Countess of Guildford, and a third Marchioness of Bute. On becoming acquainted with Miss Mellon, and inducing her to leave the stage to avoid perpetual insults, Mr. Coutts bought for her a small villa of Sir IV. Vane Tempest, called Holly Lodge, at the foot of Higligate Hill, for which he gave £25,000. His banking house strong rooms cost £10,000 building. The first deposit in the en larged house was the diamond aigrette that the Grand Seigneur had placed in Sir Horatio Nelson's hat. Mr. Coutts, though very charitable, was precise and exact. On one occasion, there being a deficit of 2s. lOd. in the day's accounts, the clerks were detained for hours, or, as I believe, all night. One of Coutts' 6 clerks, who took the Western walk, was discovered to be missing with £17,000. Rewards were offered, and the town placarded, but all in vain. The next day, however, the note-case arrived from Southamp ton. The clerk's story was, that on his way through Piccadilly, being seized with a stupor, lie had got into a coach in order to secure the money. He had remained insensible the whole journey, andhadawoke at Southampton. Mr. Coutts gave him a handsome sum from his private purse, but di-missed him. — Thornbury's Mounted London. The King of Portugal has presented the Earl of Sefton with the insignia of the Order of the Toiver and Sword, in diamonds of the value of £1000, in re cognition of the honour conferred upon the Crown of Portugal by her Majesty. Diary During a Trip to the Hague in 1827. — The most remarkable place about the environs of Amsterdam is the vfllage of Brook. This is unique in its kind. It is the prettiest, tbe most solitary, and the moBt melancholy place upon earth. The inhabi tants, who are all rich, are the same in maimers and customs as those who preceded them three centuries ago. They have intermarried with one another, and consider themselves almost a distinct people, encourag ing no society but that of their own village. It is no w entirely surrounded by water, and the houses, which are mostly built of wood, are tasteMly erected, and are frequently painted, which gives them a very pretty appearance, situated as they are in the midst of nice gardens. Brook boasts of no commerce, except that of agriculture ; there are some tine cheese dairies in the place, which are worth inspecting. .Every house has a suite of apartments which are kept constantly closed, as also the door which opens into the street from the suite, except on the occasion of a marriage, a christen ing, or a death. On suck events this part of the building is thrown open, and is the scene of the celebration of the ceremony. The custom gives to Brook a sombre appearance, one-half of every house bring closely shut up ; otherwise the streets ore clean beyond comparison, neither dog nor cat being kept in the place. A Ghost at a Tea Party. — The Hon. and Rev. R. L. M ? , a most exemplary and devoted clergy man, carried to an extreme length the idea that no priest of a parish ought to go into mixed society, and consequently refused all invitations to parties. A lady of fashion, and also of great benevolence, who also aided him moBt jo Ms ^rituiB ior me j benefit of the poor, and who was a parishioner and constant attendant at his church, had often invited, nav presmd him, to meet 'a few friends' at her splendid mansion. But he too well knew the meaning of 14 ia fiSVf friends and was not to be in veigled inCd joining her gay reunions, At length she called on biai in person and most earnestly solicited the plet&ure; ofhiscompanyata juvenile parity : 44 Just a few young people of the neighbourhood.' Again he politely refused. 41 But Mr. M ? ,' said tho lady, ' you really ought to come. Consider ; most of them young parishioners, members of your flock. How can you reconcile it to your conscience to lose such an opportunity of demy than goodt' The argument was unanswerable. He went; and in a splendid saloon met a large assembly of fashionables, with a considerable sprinkling of juveniles. After tea, enter two footmen ; each bearing a spacious silver tray, pyramidically piled with small packets elegantly done up in ornamental paper, which werehandedround. Each person present took a packet, and there was a general opening. Ah, it was too clear ! Mr. M ? had been inveigled to a Twelfth-night party ! They had drawn King and Queen ! His course was taken at once : he approached the lady of the heuse. ''I presume,' said he, 44 that now we have drawn jour characters, each individual is expected to maintain his own to the best of his ability ?' 'Oh yes,' said the lady delighted, 44 if you would only have the kindness. What character have you drawn.' 'I,' he replied, smiling, 44 have drawn The Ghost. Now it is the custom of ghosts to vanish; — so, Good night!' [Bows, and exit.]— Notes and Queries. Barnum, the keeper of the notorious museum in 1 New York, 'telegraphed, immediately on hearing of the capture of Jefferson Davis, on oiler of 500 dollars for the clothes in which he was dresBcd at the time of his capture. How to get bid or Troubms, — To shake off trouble, we must set about doing good to somebody. Put on year hat, and go and visit the poor ; inquire into their wants, and administer 'unto them ; seek out the desolate and oppressed, and tell them of the con solation of religion. The Uses of Ai.oes. — There arc a number of bpecies of the plant, the juice of which is used for the ' same medical purpose, although the Socotrine aloe is in the highest estimation. The genuine Socotrine aloes was originally brought from the island of Soeotra, in the Straits of Babelmandeb, but it is now cultivated in Jamaica and Barbadocs. Nearly aU species of aloes are natives of warm countries, and are found in arid soils where scarcely any other useful plant will grow. There is no doubt, therefore, that their cultivation might be profitably undertaken in this state ; as, in consequence of the great demand for the prepared article of commerce in veterinary practice in Great Britain, it hears a high price, although it is but little used in the United States. In the island of Soeotra, the leaves are plucked at any period of the year, and placed in skins, into which the juice is allowed to exude by exposure to the heat of the sun. Cape aloes is imported from the Cape of Good Hope, where it is collected by Dutch boors and Hottentots indiscriminately from different species of the plant, which grow wild in great abundance. The process which they adopt is verv simple. A hole is made in the ground, in which a sheep's skin is spread with the smooth side upward. The leaves are then cut off near the stem, and arranged round the hole, so that the juice which runs out may be received in the skin. The juice flows most freely in hot weather. AVhcn a sufficient quantity of the liquor is collected it is inspissated by artificial heat in iron cauldrons, care being taken to prevent its- burning by constant stirring. When sufficiently concentrated, it is poured into boxeB or skins, where it concretes upon cooling. The chief disadvantage of this process is said to be the conversion of a portion of the soluble active principle into an insoluble and comparatively inert substance, so that the drug prepared in this way is not equal to that obtained by exudation and subse quent inspissation by the sun. The system adopted in Borbadoes, for that reason, would be still more objectionable. There it is usual to form a decoction of the leaves, chopped and suspended in nets and baskets, and then evaporating the decoction by boiling it. The uses to which the plant has been applied are so varied, that while it may be elaimed as a valuable drug plant, its character as such having been recog nised since the times of Dioscorides and Celsus, who mention it in their works, it is haTd to say what it is not good for. In Spain and Portugal, and in the countries of the Southern American continent which they colonised, a specieB of the plant is used to make fences. The negroes of the western coast of Africa make ropes from them ; and in Jamaica there is a kind of aloe which fumiBhed the Indians with bow stringB and fishing materials, and from which they made stockings and hammocks. The Hottentots hollow out the stems of one of the largest kinds into quivers for their arrows. An aloe which grows in Mexico is applied by the inhabitants to almost every purpose of Hfe. It serves to make hedges for en closures, its trunk supplies beams for the roofs of houses, and its leaves are used instead of tiles. From tliis plant they make thread, needles, and various articles of clothing and cordage, and some parts of it they eat, and others they apply in medicine. In eastern countries the juice was formerly used in embalming. It has been used as a preservative against worms on ships bottoms, on account of its not being soluble in water, and in the East Indies as a varnish to prevent insects from eating into wood, for ordinary purposes. Besides all thiB, a beautiful colour is afforded by tbe leaves of the Socotrine aloe, which does not require the aid of any mordant to fix it. — Calijornian Agriculturist. Causes which affect Population.— It is a well known fact that there is a numerical decrease of the classes in possession of the advantages of wealth. M. Passy cites, as a proof of this, the gradual diminu tion in the number of aristocratic families of antiquity, the extinction of some of those who figured three centuries ago ; and he states that in 1789 the half at least of those men who under Louis XIV. occupied the highest posts at court — in the army, in Parlia ment, princes, marshals, ministers, and presidents — had no longer descendants. It is evident that the upper classes dread to leave behind them children who shall be less rich than they were themselves. Is it to be believed, then, that the same feeling in a less degree does not influence other classes ? It acts in all classes so as to prevent the popu lation from increasing as rapidly as the means for its subsistence. M. Passy also cites the depart ments of Normandy in illustration of this, where the rural population for the last thirty years has been cither stationary or on the decrease. 'Wealth abounds there, it has never ceased to accumulate ; but the love of comfort, the desire to save, and the dread of the burden of a great number of children arc such that the births have ceased to equal the deaths. In the Lure the decrease of the population averages nearly 1800 souls annually. The same occurs in the Orne, the Calvados, and La Manche. The cause rests entirely with themselves. The country people are ambitious of becoming rich, and fear the expenses of a large family will prevent their acquiring wealth. They have never heard of Malthus, yet in them he has disciples who surpass him practically to such a degree that, if they persist, the population will de crease so much that it will be insufficient for agricul tural purposes alone. — Social Scieiwe Review. The Bottle Conjures. — The following copy of the original advertisement of this celebrated hoax, taken from the Daily Advertiser oi Wednesday, January 11, 1749, may not be without interest at the present moment, -when the performances of the Davenport Brothers are exciting 60 much interest and contro versy : — 41 At the New Theatre in the Hay-market, on Monday next, the 16th instant, is to be seen, a Person who performs the several most surprising Things following, viz. First, He takes a common Walking Cane from any of the Spectators, and thereon plays the Musick of every Instrument now in use, and likewise sings to surprising Perfection. Secondly, He presents yon with a common Wine Bottle, which any of the . Spectators may first examine ; this Battle is placed on a Table in the Middle of the Stage, and he (without any Equivocation) goes into it in the Sight of all the Spectators, and sings in it ; during his Stay in the Bottle any Person may handle it, and see plainly that it docs not exceed a common Tavern Bottle. Those, on the Stage, or in the Boxes, may come in masked Habits (if agreeable to them) and the Perfor mer (if desired) will inform them who they are. Stage 7s. 6d., Boxes 5s., Pit 3s., Gallery 2s. Tickets to be had at the Theatre. To begin at half an Hour after six o'Clock. The Performance continues about two Hours and a half. Note, If any Gen tlemen or Ladies (after the above Perform ance) either single or in Company, in or out of Mask, are desirous of seeing a Representation of any deceased Person, sucb as Husband or Wife, Sister or Brother, or any intimate Friend of either Sex (upon making a Gratuity to the Perfenner) shall be gratified by seeing and conversing with £]hem f°r some Minutes as if alive ; likewise, if desire^ )ie will tell you your most secret Thoughts in your past Hfe, and give you a full View of Persons who have injured you, whether dead or alive. For those Gentlemen and Ladies who are desirous of seeing this Jast part, there is a private Room provided. These Performances have been seen by most of the crown'd Heads of Asia, Africa, and Europe, and never appeared publick any where bijt once, but will wait on any at their Houses, and perform as above foT five Pounds each time.'— Notes and Queries An ELoeement. — A somewhat improbable story of an elopement is current. A young gentleman, son of a church dignitary, and closely related to a royal per sonage, was being educated at a military academy on the borders of Hampshire, when he fell m love with a rustic beauty. The feeling was reciprocated, and an elopement arranged. He took a fly and drove in the direction of the railway. On the road he met the girl, apparently by accident, and offered to give her a lift ; she blushingly consented. On reaching the station they took passage for the north. The youngster's father was made acquainted with the circisnstance, and the couple were traced to a small cottage, report doesn't say where, where they were found sitting before a turf fire. The father was, of course, indignant, but ultimately consented to forgive them if they would exile themselves to Australia, which accordingly they have done. Not long ago, Dr. Clcghom, operating upon the ear of a gentleman in town, extracted a mass of wax, which was found on examination to have accumulated round a small ' wilk.' How the 44 buckie ' got in the party can give no explana tion, unless, like Topsy, he 44 'spects it growed thar.' At all events, he has no recollection of ever attempt ing (even when he was a hoy, and knew no better) to cram his head with 44 wilks;' and the 44 critter' could hardly have crawled in of itself. Its extraction, however, is a satisfactory explanation of the reason why he has been so long 41 deaf on one side of the head.' — John O' Groat Journal. RE-ArrEABANOE or an Old Fashion. — Shoes are again to be seen for out-door morning wear. In Brighton they are more geqeral even than in London ; they are made of patent leather, and are cut high — a sort of compromise between a boot and a shoe ; and in front they are ornamented with large cut steel buckles. A batch of twenty-four convicts arrived in the Morsey on Monday, from Jthe Government works at Malta and Gibralter. Their time of servitude has expired, and it is understood that they will be set at liberty in a few days. Larue Sehufnt.— One day, about the latter end or | May, a serpent of the blind worm species, measuring J 3 foot 6 inches in length, was seen crossing the road j near Ba. mac-can, in Glcn-Urnuhnrt and was immc- j dirtely attacked anil killed. This is the largest speci- f men that has been seen in the gicn for many years. — Inverness Courier. Provoking. — To dream that you have lots of money, and then wake up and find yourself an editor. — Yankee paper. _ E. P. Saunders, a coloured man, writes to t|^e Hartford Times that he cannot hire a state-room on the steamer Elm City, from New York. He does not know the reason, but guesses it is because he is not a white man. A Large Audience. — The manager of a country theatre looked into the house between the acts, and turned with a face of dismay to the prompter, with the question of 41 'Why, good gracious, whore's the audience — ' Sir,' replied the prompter, without meting a muscle, ' he is just now gone to get some beer.' Ike manager wiped the perspiration from his brow, and said, 'Will he return, do you think?' — 'Most certainly; he expresses himself highly satisfied with the play, and applauded as one man' — 'Then let the business proceed,' exclaimed the manager, proudly. Signs of Rain. — When the odour of flowers is unusually perceptible, rain may be expected, as the air when damp conveys the odour more effectively than when dry. Damp air being also a better con ductor of 'sound than dry, the sound of mills, railway trains, distant| bells, &c.;, may be heard more plainly just before rain. 