TO THE RIGHT REVEREND DOCTOR TUFNELL, BISHOP OF BRISBANE. PER FAVOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. MY LORD, Some time since I took the liberty of recalling to your memory the singular terms by which you had been pleased to stigmatise the " National System of Education in this colony, and asked if it was your intention to propose the Diocesan Training School System," as being superior and more godlike and in order that the latter system might be somewhat more known, I have placed a few scraps of its teach- ing before the public. Having done so, I wish to make some further observations on the matter in question. And here I beg to submit that your lordship is not competent to entertain the religious part of this question, because when at college you tied yourself hand and foot to the Thirty-nine Articles and all the doctrines contained in the Book of Common Prayer in use by the Church of England ; some of which are admitted by very many of the most learned and pious ministers in the Establishment, and others out side, to be quite at variance with the teachings of our Saviour and His Apostles as given in the Scriptures, and yet you have no alternative but adhesion to those doctrines for to deny them would bring any clergyman of the Establishment under the crushing weight of ecclesiastical law and the canons. The publication from which I selected those scraps is a sort of epitome of what is taught in the Prayer Book, and is to my mind an awful illustration of the dexterity with which some men will be dim the light of Divine Truth by the smoke from the incense of their own sectarianism. My lord, the advocates of the " National System" are actuated by an earnest desire that the mind of the rising generation should be trained according to the fundamental truths of the New Testament specially, leaving what is sectarian for after years' consideration. To teach that baptism is regeneration that simply being a clergyman of a particular church a man becomes a successor of the Apostles (how- ever with the inner man that the Holy Ghost can be given by the laying on of hands that all priests or clergymen have received from Saint Peter the mighty keys of the kingdom of Heaven such are among the successful delusions to ruin immortal souls ! Why, my lord, nothing can be more clear than this, that very many ecclesiastics of your Establishment (and I fear some not of it), if they possessed those keys the door would be bolted or the lock hampered to keep out all who could not pronounce the required Shibboleth. My lord the Establishment must have the knife applied to cut off its unsightly excrescences which refuse it, and enable it to fulfil its mission in the cause of the Redeemer ; fail to do this, and an awful retribution will ere long befall it. The signs of the times are not to be mistaken-the various systems of religion are already in the crucible-and the GREAT Artist intensely watch in the purifying process, and those that are unsound will become dross ? -I am, my lord, your lordship's most obedient servant, is Ipswich, January 14. LOOKER-ON. 11 