LOCAL AND PROVINCIAL. CHURCH OF ENGLAND CONFERENCE. THE members, lay and clerical, of the conference for the diocese of Goulburn, met in the hall of the mechanics' institute, on Wednesday, at four o'clock. The Bishop of Goulhurn presided. The clergymen present were:-The Raverends Wm. Sowerhy, Goulhurns; Jas. Allan, Braid wood; Thomaso Draitt, Cooma; E. B Procter,. Bungonia; A. D. Sonres, Queanbeyan; R. Leigh, Goulburn; J. L. Knight, Bega; P. Lamb, Collec tor; M. P. Brownrigg, Albury; D. P. Al. Hulbert, Gunning; F. A. C. Lillingston, Yass; J. M. Ware. Corowa; H. Ross; S. S Harper, Doniliquin; H. S. Seaborne, Gundagai; W. H. Pownall, Young; and S. Fox, Wagga Wagga. The representative lay members present were:-M-essrs. J. Chisholm and F. R. L. Rosai, Goulburn ; W. Conolly and O. Welby, Cooma; F. H. Wilson and R. Maddrell, Braid wood; W. E. Twynam and H. A. Turner, Danili quin; N. R. Besnard and A. Campbell, Yass; W. D. Campbell and H. Zouch, Young; A. D. Faunco and Z. Hawkins, St. Nicholas; W. A. Chisholm, Kippilaw ; James Medway, Jerrawa; J. H. Hassall. and C. S. J. Lowe, Gunning; A. Gibson, Tirranna; J. Longfield, Araluen; D. E. Jones, Moruya; S. H. Belcher and J. Bull, senior, Corowa; A. Chisholm and F. Horn, Queanbeyan; and James Manning, Panbula. O. Campbell, Esq., chancellor of the diocese, also was present The following clergymen and lay represen tatives were not in attendance:-Clergy: Reeds. J. Steel, Bombhala; C. J. Byng, Tumut; H. H. Britton, Moruya; A. Likely, Araluen: P. G. Smith, Can berra; and T. H. Goodwin, Wontworth. Lay members: Messrs. Faithfull, Thorn, Edwards, Bar. nett, J. W. Chisholm, J. Cropper, C. S. Alexander, T. J. Roberts, Broadhead, E. Payten, T. S. Mort, Rutledge, and Bray. The registrar, Mr. J. K. James, also was absent. The proceedings were opened by prayer by the Bishop; after which the lay members present signed a declaration to the effect that they were members of the Church of England in full communion. It was then moved by the Rev. WV. Sowerby, seconded by the Hon. J. Chisholm, and carried, that the chancellor and registrar be admitted mem bers of the conference, with the same powers and privileges as other members. Moved by the Rev. F. A. C. Lillingston, seconded by Mr. Rosei, and carried, that the Reeds. sMessrs. Lamb and Pownall, and Mr. S. H. Belcher be secro tnries to the conference. The Bishop then said :-My reverend brethren the clergy, my brethren the laity-I have sum moned you to this our first conference, not to gratify any impulse of my own heart, nor from any immediate expectation of benefit to ourselves in this early period of our existence as a diocese; but from a growing conviction that this is a duty demanded by the general interests of the United Church of England and Ireland in New South Wales. We are solemnly assembled in the name of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, and we have invoked the Holy Ghost to preside over our deliberations. May our conference be con ducted in the spirit of love and of power and of a sound mind: and may the results, in due time, con duce to the true welfare of the Church of. Christ in the diocese; and secure the cordial co-operation of the whole church in the colony for the common benefit of all its members. It is well known that for several years thoughtful minds, in the variout branches of the colonial church, hive boon directed to.the necessity of devising the hest means of attlin ing the end nroposed for our consideraltion to-day. In Canada, New Zealand, Sutth Africa, Tasmania, South Australia, Victoria, and New South Wales, the eshject has oceupied a large place in public atton tin ; and ncts of parliamont have been obtained in Canada, Victorin, Tasmania, and Now Zealand, tinder which legal synods are in full and satisfactory -porntion. Several conferences on thoe bIject of osnodical action have been held in the diocese of Newcastlo. In that of Sydney the first conference nssemhled in November and December, 1858; the socond in February last, when fundamental con stitutions for the dioceso were agreed upon, and a hill drawn up to legalize the same. This bill was inroduced into the Legislative Assembly by the honorable the premier; hut after havin beeoon examined by a select committee, and not unfavour hablyrecoived by the House, was wisely withdrawn, not so much on account of opposition wiihin the legislatroe, as because the dioedso of Newcastle strongly objected, by petition and otherwise, to 'the mode in which the proceedings of the metropolitan diocese had booen conducted in connection with it. Tho diocese of Sydney, under these circomstances. was obliged to take counsel as to its future course of notion in reference to the bill. Its position was also fitrther complicated by important resolutions of the conference of the diocese of Newcastle, which deter mined, on the 18th August, 1865 1\. That this synod is of opinion that it Is expedient and hltioy desirable tLBt a conference or general synod of the bis?tops clergy, and lay represesnttives of the church in the three dioceses in the eolony of New South Wales shouel ie lheld in Sydney for the purpose of considering and detlermining what form of constitution should be adopted for thie good government or the cIurchl in tle colony, and also on what points It would be destrable or necessary to apply for legislative sctton. 2\. That tihe uord Bishop of Sydney be respectfully requested as metropolitan to convene, nt as early a period as shalI to him nappear convenient, a conlorenee or general synod of the bishops, clerienal and lay representatves of the respective dioceses. 3\. That a commtte of four cleriecal and four Ilay representsn tlses of the preent synod lto elected by ballot to act itn con Junction with the Lord Bishop at such conference or general synod. it4 That the tey Canon CGreaves. the liar. Coles Child, thb Hlev R. Chapoman. tShRev. V. .. Whitie, tihe loea .. Deciker, C. Boton, Esq., E. C. Close, jun., E'q., and II. A. Thomas, st.. th ie t lericl oeil nlay represeatntives of theI synod of Niwvestle at tile proposed conference or general synod. l That a copy of these re-olutlous he transmitted to hlia L ,rdshlp the Metropolitan Bishop. Whereupon the conferenco of the dioceso of Sydney nisombled for the third time in the following month, nnd immediately proceeded to the diicusion of this new proposition. After careful deliberation they adopted these resolutions on the 27th September: 1\. That thi conference, desiring to maintain as a fundn mentnl principle ot chureh policy thie Inherent riplt of eacr diocese to manage its own afIairs, an.I also recooaleing tle Imn portance of unait action on the part of tile mmbers of the Church of England tn thit colony, in the establishment of a sound system of synodical government, respectfully joins in thle request which has been already made on tIe part of tlle dilocese of Newcastle to the Lord nisllop of Sydney. as nmetro polltan, to convene at as early a period as shcta to htl appiar convenient, a confuronce ofthe lshiopo, clerical nod lay reprc sontatives of tte re pectlvo dioceses of this coloeteny. 2\. That this econference proceed to elect four ec'lrgymen and four laymen whijointly with thile bisiop shall st the general confTrence represent ttie dlcilte In reference to all mantters not already determined by tile funamental constltutione passed by tile coneruence in Feruary lto. 3\. That tie ollowlnt geotlemen tte tne clerical and It members. together with tte Lord Itlitop f thl, incose. ap, t esuch general cosferece:--TLt tery Rlev. the Pien of Sydney, tlt lrev Canon Allwotd, tile Roe. Win. Stack, tile nRec. W. B. Clarkl!, [r. James Mcartthur, Sir. Alexander Gordon, MIr. Alexanier Stuart, and tie Hlon. ltRbort Johnson. In this manner the two dioceses conspired to throw upon us the onus of obstructing the progress of the synodical movement, which appears to be so much in favor in the colony. On this account I have ventured to assume the responsi bility of submitting this grave question to your free discussion and impartial decision. The object of the conference will be to afford to the diocese of Goulhurn an opportunity of uniting with the dioceses of Sydney and Newcastle for the general benefit of the church in the colony:-and more particularly-1. To agree to a church consti tution (of which a draft will be submitted for con sideration), for the.management and regulation of the nffirs of the United Church of England and Treland within the diocese of Goulburn. 2. To appoint a standing committe to oact in ioehnu of .e conference; and such other committees as may bn deemed necessary. 3. To elect clerical and lay representatives, who, with the hishop of the diocese, shall be authorised to confer with the bishops and clericol and lay representatives of the dioceses of Sydney and Newcastle on the following subjects: The propriety of making united application to the logislature for legal sanction to tho church constitu tiona nf the several dioceses: and, under the power of such legal sanction, of establishing diocesan synods for the church in the several dioceses, and a provincial synnd for the church in the colony. On an occasion lilke the present you will natu'rally expect some exposition of my views as well upon the general suhject of synodical action in the church as upon the principles of the proposed church constitu tions and Synod Bill, and 'upon some of the ques tions of detail, which will necessarily arise in the course of our proceedings. The origin and constitu tion of synods are explained by our occlesiastical historians in this manner:-When congregations of christian converts began to multiply, " all the christian churches were formed into one largo eccle siastical body, in which commissioners from the several churches consulted together, and enacted laws which were called 'canons.' The Greeks called this assembly a 'synod' and the Latins it ' nouncil."'" (Moshoim I. 131L. Tr the time of Tertullian "s ynods were held in Greece, composed of deputies from all the churches; who might boe considered as representing the whole body of christians dispersed throughout Greece. These meetings were always preceded by a solemn fast, and opened with praver. In them all the more important questions which arose from time to time were discussed, and thus the unity of doctrine and discipline was pro served." (Bishop Kaye's Tertellion, p. 245.) Aent of the cnon of ou r ch p Gre urias ila cerla t t c?the usacrles e s per qv's et natiorn qEngland) assemle itra thenar, et ip an reprsaaaliob t holes nomini Ching's i tn.nd vesratlinecelebraturl . Conveleits autelm illi, slaioaibis pris et jeunailaoiblts operati, dolore couo doleatiblsc, et its sdeenu conlalere--gaudere gaudentibus noruat.--De jejjuiis, e. 13. One of the canons of our church declaroes that " the sacred synod of this nation (England) assembled in tho numb of Christ and by the King's authority is the true Church of England by representation." (Canon 139.) National and provincial synods were originally convened by the authority of the motro politan, diocesan synods by the bishop of the diocese, in virtue of their spiritual'jurisdiction; nor was the royal sanction considered necessary until 1534, when the Act of Submission (25 Henry VIII. c. 19. § 1.) decreed that "the clergy shall not enact any consti tutions or ordinances without the King's assent." Diocesan synods were held twice a year, in summer and in winter; and continued for three days each. t the l hse nathe clergy of the dinecso were expected to attend on pain of suspension from the celebration of the Eucharist for Swnrhole yer The IL1i • rned tn be pinced In the middle of annient councils. (IlanrU Eccl'iasnticnl Recolrd. p. ) That tile bishop of every diocese had In England, as In all Chrlstion churches, I ower to convene the clergy of Iris diocese, and In a common synod or council with themo tro tansut such anllrsr as specially relted to the order and governmolt of the ehurcl.es under his jriasdiction Is not to hb questioned. Io the primitive church the latil were present at all synods. Ilut the canons of a council (lid not in Enogland] bind tihe laity ithout an oact of parliament. (Burn's Ecclesiastical Lawr, ed. 14?, p. 17.) A council is anmeeting of persons w. o consutt swith each otltcr, but In church history it alwanys Implies repr.?el,ettion : a meeting, where delegates are sent from different churches in a diocese. (I Iy's Leteures eo Dievinity, ed. 1801, I. 391,) P1'rovincial synods, teld trlenntldly, rnd dlorcesan synods every year, contributerd to bcrac up the decaying discIpline of the e ureh and togenerate afresh tlhe feellg of mltual confi dence." (Archdercon Ianrdwicek's Church Ilstory, p, :51.) It may be important to remind our colonial egis lative assemblies, and to conciliate their good will towards us in this movement, that they are them selves indebtel to the church for the very idea of a repre sentative govermaent, and consequently for the very existence of the Assemby to which we desire tocommit the synod bill for their legislative sanction. Chief justico Creasy asures us (in his Rise and Progress of the Constitution, p. 189) that " the church did much to diffueb the idea of representative action, by councils, synods, and other assemblies ;" and Hallam (in his Middle Ages, p. 11), adds " all of these were formed on the principle of a virtual or express representation, and had a tendency to render its application to national assemblies more familiar." And this is confirmed by Dean Stanley who (in his Lectures on the Eastern Church, p. 67), says of the Council of Nicœa, that it was "a large assemby pro fessing to represent the voice and the conscience of the whole Christian community :" and that such councils "are the first precedents of the principle of representative government." There were various kinds of councils or synods in the early church : Diocesan councils, consisting of bishops and clergy, assembled together to confer upon matters relating to the diocese, were frequently held in England until 1534; Provincial Councils, composed of the metropolitan and the bishops of his province; National Councils, composed of the bishops and clergy of one entire nation-the first in England was hold in A.D. 073, and the lust in 1555; General Councils, also called ecumenical and plenary, consisting of the prelates and clerey from all parts of the earth, and representing the universal church. "The canonists define a council (or synod) to he an assembly of prelates and doctors, to settle matters concerning religion and the discipline of the church." (Dr. Phillimore on Burn's Eccles. Law, I. 30 a.) The fundamental principle of colonial church legislation should be the conservation of the integrity of the Church of England and of the pervading ig/fluerre of her welrl-balanced inslitutions. A firm friend of the colonial church, one of the prohondarios of St. Paul's Cathedral, in a letter on colonial church logisla tion, recommends (p. 17) that "the bishops, clergy, and laity should meet to prepare such measures as, may seem necessary for adapting the laws of the church to local necessities, and for perfecting their church constitution. Lot the measures, so prepared, be proposed for adoption to the colonial legislature, and ultimately for the sanction of the authorities at horne." "This would claim for the united Church of England imd Ireland no exclusive legislative ad vantages but might be followed by other religious communities. Colonial legislatures will thus main tain their principle of treating the Churches of England and Scotland and other Christian pocieties. upon terms of civil equality." Thus wrote in 1856 the Rev. Prehendary Venn, the able and devoted secretary of the Churrch Missionary Society of Lon don. /'he special disadvantages which resutlt forn the absenece of legislation, are peculiear to the Chnurch of England ini this colony. And the denial of tho sanction of law to her proceedings and constitutions in synod assembled, would be an injustice, of which I cannot believe that any legislature will be guilty. Ever;y other religious body has obtained all the sanction of law which they can possibly desire, for the manage ment and regulation of their naftirs. Shall we euppose that the legislature will deny to us, that which they have granted to all others ? Thm dlsodvantageous position of the church in colony writes M r. Veonn) may be traced to the faot, that the constito [ions of other bodies aore easily adapted to thoe elroumstnor? of colooists, especially In respect of tho maintenance of dliscipline. Tile churci l of England in a colony ois no ecclesiastical coa ts: these are in Enland, Wheras, in tho Presbyterian Church and amoon the Wesleyans, their meoons of enforcing dlsciplino lie in eynods, presbyteries, and conloerences, which caOn e iheld wherever n fb mtinisters and laymen of their persuasion meeot together. They and other hodies hove secured their diselplino tby vesting their property in trust deeds which insert their dootrines and regulatlons of discipline toin declarations of trust. Thus, with local nets, tlhey ore able by an appeal to local courts to eject o minister if ho violates their established rules. The property of Wesleyans is vested by truslreslip, in all parts of the world, under provisions of a poll deed, executed by resley, 28th February, 178i, and arolled t tile hhighl Court of Chancery, recitillg the distlctitliee ir,?,lclle ?atd disciplile of Weslernnism. This is rendered applicable to their system in Now South Wales by the colonial statuto 5 Victoria No. 13; wherein trust property is brooght under the prin ciple of the model deed in London and under the sanction of the law of the colony. And no porwer is contemplated by the Synod Bill, proposed by the diocese of Sydney, which has not been already given in this omanner to the IVesleyans, the Independents, and the Baptists. The same is true in reference to the Pres byterian Church in the colony, which has obtained acts, more than once amended by the legislature, whereby they are enabled to conneect the tenure of pro perty in their body with the maintenance of their doctrine. And specially is this the case in the Act 28 'ict., passed on the 12th May, 1865, which etates that the various Presbyterian bodies in the colony are united, and the solent committee upon the bill recites certain "articles of basis of union"--thus giving legal sanction for the regulations by trhi4h they provide for the discipline of their mesmbers and the naintenance of their doctrine. The Synod. Bill of Sydney diocese would assume no greater power than that thus possessed by the Ohurch of Scotland in the Synod of the Presbyterian Church. It is true that the prin ciple of government in the Church of England differs from that of the bodies referred to. Until a bill is obtained, a hind of opiscopal autocracy ap parently prevails. What is needed is to substitute a constitutional government in the church, as has beon done in Victoria,I'Tasmania, Now Zealand, and Canada, without any departure from the standards of faith and worship, as sot forth in the articles and formularies, and without putting any authoritative interpretation upon the declared doctrines of the church. The members of the church might, no doubt without the sanction of law, adopt rules for enforcing discipline. But these will be binding only on those who expressly or by implication have assented unto them. Where any religious association has agreed upon terms of union and constituted a. tribunal to determine whether the rules have been violated, and what shall be the consequence, the decision of the tribunal woill be binding only oen those osho have accepted, and are willing to submit' to the rales of such tribunal. But such tribunals are not courts; and the courts estabitshed by late can only give effect to their decision upon those who have bound themselves to the association. Theose are important conclusions deducible from a recent judgmenont of the judicial committee of the privy council. Hence the great importance of urging upon the legislaturo the duty of placing the Church of England in the colony under the same principle of sell-government as other denominations. The judgment of the privy council in the case of Bishop of Natal v. Bishop of Capo Town appears to have surprisoe the mrjority of tihe mem. born of our church at home and abroad. Novorthe less the main principles of the decision wore well known to persons conversant with questions of eccle siastical law, and with the varying circumstances of the several churches in the different colonies. With respect to the subject of jurisdiction the law officers of the crown had given their opinion as long ago as 1850, that "her Majesty had no authority by letters patent to create ecclesiastical jurisdiction in a colony" beyond that allowed by the laws in force in that colony. Colonial bishops are created bishops by the Queen, as sovereign of the realm and head of the church; they are consecrated under a mandats from the Queen; they receive their titles from the Queen, as the fountain of honor; and they hold their dioceses under a grant from the crown. But in the case of a clergyman selected to be a bishop in England, though the crown has a right to command his consecration, the crown has no power to assign a dioceso to him uwithiae te United finsgdom which has already been occupied according to specific laws. The crown has a right to constitute a bishopric and also to confer jurisdiction [for jurisdiction was annexed to the imperial crown by 1 Eliz. c. 1. 16, 17] (1) in a crown colony, (2) and where it may be done pursuant to an act of parliament. But no such effect or operation follows in a colony posses sing an independent legislature. Since therefore there is no power of jurisdiction conferred by the letters patent in this colony, and no power in the crown to create a now tribunal [" The erection of a now court with now jurisdiction cannot be without an act of parliament."-Colko] it is evident that the power of discipline must be otherwise obtained; for the pastoral and spiritual authority which is incidental to the office of a bishop is insuffi cient for the maintenance of discipline, and the proper regulation of the affairs of the church. We must therefore recur to the primitive methods employed for the governance of the church, and seek to vest the required authority in the chllurch, represented by the bishop, clergy, and laity, in legal synod assembled. Our first duty will bo to consider the proposition adopted by the dioceses of Sydney and Newcastle, that we would unito with them: the terms of the church constitution to be adopted by the conference for the purpose of such union; the bill which we should recommend to the adoption of the three dioceses and the legislature; and the election of the committees and representatives re quired to give effect to the whole design. (1.) It has been evident, I think, in the course of these remarks, that my judgment is clearly in favour of the desired co-operation. I thereforo trust that resolutions to that eoffect will bhe agreed to, and that the next application to parliament will be mado under the sanction of the united church in tlis colony. (2.) WVith reference to the church consti tution, I am of opinion that we can justify the pre amble which states that-" It is expedient that further and better provision should be made for the manage ment and regulation of the afflirs of the United Church of England and Ireland within the diocese of Sydney. And whereas for the purpose of making such provision, and also with a view to promote thi united action of the members of the said church, it is desitable that the members thereof meet in synod and make such rules and ordinances as for the pur pose hereinbefore montiunod they may deem requi site." Because (1) it is the only mode in which a bishop can in this colony summon the clergy and laity to meet in synod ; (2) similar acts of parlia ment are working beneficially in nighhbouring colonies; (3) the majority, I presume, of tihe clergy and laity in the colony desire it; (4) the ehurch is at present without any defined code of laws; (5) legislation would secure united action, which would otherwise he impossible; (6) the Church of Scotland for similar pratoses obtained the aid of the legislature. Nay more, I am inclined to believe that legislation is a matter of necessity also; because (1) the colonial church stffoers from great disabilities, from which others are free, connected with the constitution and canons of the Church of England and with other nasociations;' (2) because a volhntary association, or a synod formed on the p'inciple " of conselnsal compact" woould be inoperativ and coulnd not bind the successors of the bishop, clergy, and laity; (3) there is no other modo of gaining the co-operation of parishes which neglected or' declined to join; (4) there can be no power over the property of the church, to securo the trusts for their rightful purposes, unless given by the logisloatro. Thoro is a largo amount of property involved which does not in any way come under the operation of the Church Temporalition Act. (3.) It is not intended to confer upon diocesan nynods power to deal with spiritual matters. (1) They are, in the words of a canonist of authority, "'assemblies to enforce, and put in execution, canons node btr povrincial synodrs, and to consult and agree upon rutes of discioineo for themselves."-(Johnson's Clergy mnan's Vanlocum.) (2.) The action of a diocesan synod is restricted to the management of the temporal nithirs of the church, and to the exorcise of disci plino over tihe clergy. It can claim no powers of logislation. (3) It is not expedient for diocesan synods to have power to interfere in spiritual mat ters. There is absolute need of the institution of some standing ecelesiastical machinery or tribunal" for the correction or removal of clergymon offonding against law or neglacting their duty. This would he in place of, and analogous to the coart of arches, London. Provincial synods alono-composed of the metropolitan and bishops of the province, within the colony, with clerical and lay representatives from each diocesoe--would be authorisod to deal with matters spiritual. (4.) It seems requisite in a coun try wherein constant changes are occurring in regard to the residence of the population, that oppor tunities should be afforded for filling up the vacan cies and renewing tile vigour of the synod-that a now election should be required periodically. Cnco in throe years seems to be a reasonable limit. Nevcrtheoless power to amend the regulation is reserved to the synod. If this regulation be con sidered wise, that for tihe annual session of the synod will bo its natural corollary. (6.) Standing orders for the regulation of the afflirs of thb synodl and the guidance of a standing committee will be of great value, to provent irregularities in the trans action of business. (6.) That tho' members of the synod should be attached members of the church, in full communion with her, will, I hope, be admitted as a wise regulation. (7.) The bishop's co-ordinate power with the clergy and laity has existed from the earliest times; and it appears to be an inherent principle of an episcopal church, and a fundamental one in the Church of England. In financial matters, however, the bishop would not be likely to interfere with the clergy and laity. At the same time, the proviso in clause 6 of the constitution, secures perhaps all that is required to prevent hasty legisla tion: "Provided also that any such rule orordi nanco to which the bishop shall not assent may be the subjact of reference to and determination by any provincial synod which may hereafter be holoden.' (8.) The clause relating to the license of a clergyman, and the power of withdrawing or revoking it, is one of a protective kind. It is designed to protect alike the bishop and the clergyman. In the Church Temporalities Act (which greatly needs amendment and will require early attention after the passing of tbohe Synod Bill), the power of '"withdrawing, can celling, and revolting the license of a clergyman," is left absolutely in the bishop's hand, "upon cause shown." Under such a clause the bishop maybe prosecutor, jury, and judgo--a most undesirablo position for any man, and more particularly for a bishop, whoso relations with his clergy ought to be of a very different charactor. The provisions of the bill are of the simplest character, the throo main principles being-(1) that it shall be lawful, when we are assembled in synod, to act upon the constitu tions; (2) that the rules of the constitutions shall be binding upon the Bishop of Goulburn and his snc cossors and all other members of the united Church of England and Ireland within the said diocesoe, &c.; (3) that no rule of any synod shall be made in con travontion of any law in force in the colohy; together with the requirement that a copy of the said constitutions shall be recorded in the Supreme Court within three months of the passing of the bill. To w,,lld hn dliflinllt to devisn a measuro more satis factory, more transparent, more innocuous in refer once to members of other Christian communions, and more successful in avoiding all interference with them, while placing the government of the Church of England in the colony and the regulation of her ofiirs upon a basis completely parallel with that assigned to other denominations. I thank you, my reverend brethren, for the great self-denial and zeal which have characterised your ministrations in the diocese, and specially for your attendance here to-day. May the Holy Ghost abundantly endow you with grace to glorify -our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, to win souls unto Him, and to build up His church. And.may you, my brethren of the laity, who are equally entitled to my gratitude and to the gratitude of the church at large, be endowed with wisdom from on High for the dischargo-of the important duties for which you have been convened. May you bire found supporting the clergy by your religious and material influence. And on this occa sion may you be found united, clergy and laity, for the common benefit of the church to which we are attached-the church which has been made of God the blessed instrument of conveying the knowledge of salvatiota to myriads of our countrymen and of men of other colors and tongues. May she continue a praise on Lho earth, and in this land a great means of morpl anid spiritual influence-bringing many souls unto glory ! It was then moved by MIr. Twynam, seconded by' the Rev. T. Druitt. and carried, that a committeo. consisting of thoe ovds. Roos, Harpor, Ware, Soaros, mnd Lillingston, the Hon. J. Chisholm, C. Campboll, A. Campbell, and the mover, be appointed for the purposo of framing rules for regulating the pro coodings of the conference. An adjournment for an hour then tookplaco. On the confoerenco re-assembling, the chancellor road the rules framed by the committeo, which were adopted by the conference. The Rov. S. S. Harper moved the following roso lotion:- 'That tih constitution for tbhe managoment of tho affairs of tho united Chuorch of England and Irebad in the dioceseo of Sydney be taken as tile basis of constitutions for slmilar par poses in tho diocese of Ooulbnurn, and that this conference do now resolve itself into a committee of the wholo house to con sider a report upon the same. The reverend gentleman said but little explanation was needed after the able address by the right reve rend president. Hoe ot forth the disadvantages under which the Church of England laboured com pared with other denominations, and suggested that they should adopt the same constitution as that of Sydney because unanimity was absolutely necessary. Other denominations had constitutions, and they should insist upon the same right. It would be lamentable indeed if Sydney, Newcastle, and Goul burn should divide, and therefore it would be advis able to adopt the rules of synod in Sydney. Mr. W. D. Campbell, seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. The right reverend president then loft the chair, and the conference went into committee of the whole, of which the chancellor was elected chairman. The Chairman said that he would offer a few remarks. He differed in some degree from the remarks of the president. The clergy could not be said to have been slaves to an autocrat. The statuLs of the church was only such as created by the colo nial legislature and rashly adopted by the lords of the privy council. The bishop could withdraw a clergyman's license only upon cause shown, and he must decide according to the canon law of the church. He then explained the naturo of this canon law and questioned how much of this had been brought to the colony. The difficulty of removing a clergyman was very great, and in one instance entailed an enormous expense on the Bishop of London. They should pause before they asked tihe legislaturo to repeal the old [ct, and pass another which might be worse. After some discussion upon the Roev. Mr. Harper's motion that the title of the constitutions be the same as that adopted in Sydney, it was agreed to postpone the consideration of this question, and the same resulted on the proposition to adopt the preamble. In supporting this latter proposition the Rev. T. Druitt said the normal law of the church was that bishops should draw together their synods when necessary. A dioresan synod could be called together but a provin cial one could not. In England several bishops had acted upon this, and the laity were being consulted in anfflira of the church. The object of a synod was to bring before the church its ditties and responsibilities. At present they had no bond of union. The laity as well ns clergy should look after church and church property, and not in concert. They had a great duty to perform, and he called upon them to do it. At present too largo an amount of responsibility was thrown upon the bishop, but overy member should bear his own burden. The speaker wont on at some length to lament the want of progress in the Church of England. The Bishop combated the latter assertion, showing that on the contrary the progress had been great. Clauso 1, declaring that members of the church shall meet in synod; clause 2, declaring that the bishop, or in his absnceo a commissary appointed by him, shall be president, with power to adjourn and prorogue the synod, and that a now synod shall bo convened at lonst onco in every three years; olause 3, defining the powers of the synod; and clause 4, respecting the making of rules for the conduct of business, were then agreed to without amendment. ' The conference then adjourned till the following day. 