'?jiiE'ivin:^ sllt.i-t. ? ,,.| , j.;,^. ,,,vb(.l[.m :n:y mentii] oiiilov. 8L .r't -vL^'.vc',' it is M'M thai Uumlilc one B&e;(',.-'ii'.it':i Suhfv. 1 l''c irfiat iscnllurj S ?'? ,'.' n.i.llLi.liiil people a conventional R-. ' i i,,hv i'.iy 1'l'W in tlic neipliboimiig K* '. /. .,„ ! -ii in it twice l-vcjv fc'.uidiiv. W ].,,u,v o;.a caj.-lain H- tli« lui'.iy — j ust ?urli \ iji-rso:'. :i^ ii-j s-iiftild 1jc — polished, K.i vc'Vi'i .imt.s, gentle to (he lad ice, but K'tliti-'iii--1'1-11'1 ll) t^ivilijiii ii::ilus, boastful Bf ]'u uiiil-t, ;iik? f;i^ i»t' ?'''' l's li'ist'i'e time, K'i Viii-- consul -raliif, lo liie - illivalion of E;!' iiimiBli'xlujs ; but otherwise I am ?L'inr;mt . nl'tlic- iiisiiiii.'iablu world, and all ?^ ..;iv ddiii^s- I 'i:'ve m«d|J no eudea Kiure t'» 'jrcitfc lliriniu.li the gilded pale that *..).-; !.:ti i= it from tlie steady-going middle K].' -s to which I btl-'iifi. I do not under Itiiiiu the feelings ivhicli prompts my bu triurs to be jiiihamcd of l.uing seeii in fin laniilnis. Once every clay I return from ?lie chv i» a y-'Hofl1 'no ; K'J if it is wot, ? use the sfino convcy.i.ice in the morning Ko rrafli my ul'ice. 1 pay my tradesmen ?rtckiv. Jjy kest sherry is 48s a dozen ; Li} v,-i:on the captain talks of vintage ?vines (as he will do by the hour at my ?[,'jlfV ' 1 cfteu wonder what lie thinks he wL iL-i'nUiiig. Ucwever, with true good EivJiii-i 'ie i^kibus ]!; m gTM* quantities, Es tlioiiili it were the best. ' I do not keep K in;uiseivrjit. Our cook cannot compass Eh oiiiddif wuj/ice My wife tritns her own Koimits. Vi't have eight children, who all Ki.uw i l-o chuvcii catechism by heart, except Bh-! baby and the hist but one. In short, E uioi-u ivhpectable and unfashionable Kiuiiiv t'i;i' our '''' does li0'; exis' i*» m\\\ 153VS-.vatcr. m Under these circumstances, it may be la-;iv iiaajiucd that we are as free from the fcicwof the Great as we are without their ?Yivilegao ; and this was, I liouestly be Roiv, the c;;se until a very recent period. K'licii I used to read in the papers that the ?.aily Lutetia Day Coltay (of Norraau an Kl-itry and bluest blood) Jiad left her hus Kaivl'd rouf, and fled with Major Flultcrby Wi' lias Lif'i Guards ; or that it was ru ?jnourud among wcll-iutoruied circles that ?tin; gentlemen of the long robe would soon Bud employment iu the domestic affairs of Kits Uvacu the Dake of Belgravia, I used to Eire a prolonged whistle, and remark : W Here they are again,' iu reference to the ?Labifcs of the liaul ton. I knew that our ihoreiitary aristocracy were given to these ?escapades, which iu my own rank of life ?would certainly be crimes, and I perused ?such details as the press could furnish Kvith an avidity unalloyed, I am afraid, By.ith much reprobation. I seemed to be ?jcadinu of a class of persons whose way of ?life was too far removed from iny own to ?afi'ect me, except as a spectator ; just as ? when I went to the play I found myself ? in an atmosphere of intrigue,' and mis I uudcretuudiiig, and jealousy altogether un I real, aud with which I had not the ghost I oi' an experience in cuminon. I Jealousy ! Why I have been married six I teen years without entertaining that pas I simi, so that it was not very iikely, however I wd. ,,cted, that that passion could entertain I »if. Misunderetanding ! The thing was I iiDj»'.-..sil-le, fijr whenever there promised to I be 'a ;;-w in the pantry ' — and every 'mar- I ricd man will understand me when I make I use of that metaphorical expression — I I brought it to a head, and had 'it out, aud | off we started again (speaking for myself I and Mrs. R.) ou the smooth current of our I lives, with the little fracas buried for ever I in its depths. As for the mother oi eight I falliug in love with another mail — it was I all very well on a stage-play, and particu I kriy (with all deference to Miss Annie I Dickenson) where the husband is a black j man, and as I have 'said,' befitting enough j among perst.rn ' of quality j but upon the Nottiug Hill' side of 'Bayswater any : such mischance would, I felt, be out of place, and ridiculous — a social presumption as 'well as a grave' domestic crime. Imagine, therefore, my astonishment when my op posite neighbour, Peabody, who also- calls himself my friend, did me the honour (a j call upon u e a few weeks ago, to speak, in confidence, of the alarming conduct of py wife. Hi. y Jig demanded and obtained a private interview, this scandalous old person, who was once an indigo merchant, aud yet retains the trace of ins calling upon his niKie, set before me in detail, a number j of curiuus circumstances connected with j the ' goings-on,' as he was pleased to call I them, of my wife, which he was not indeed | prepared to say, ' might sot possibly be | -w!y coincidences, after all,! but which he | felt it his duty, as a fellow-creature, and I «ae who had been a husband in his time — ! 'Me his lips made a dumb motion of gra titude to let me know. ' Even as a neigh bour, and an inhabitant of a common Crescent, hitherto remarkable for Us res pectability, and which, as I doubtless re membered, liad declined to permit Mw. i Jones to put up Apartments in her window, jest we should be confounded with the I 'aging-house localities ; nay, which, by f we mere force of its public opinion, had 1'reyented No. 484 from being let to a play-actor — even in this character, said fiabody, he would have felt it bis duty w have made me aware of what was being *»wl. though doubtless falsely, about the jonduct of Mrs. B. Here I should have locked the door, and informed Peabody Mat his last hour was certainly arrived, and Jfithehad better make his peace with providence before I cut his throat; but ™a ignorauce of the proper conduct to be wupted iu such exceptional circumstances, a*1 Miapsfrom-the knowledge that there was nothing butrja paper-knife in the room mtb ^hich to effiscj; this righteous punish raeot, I only bunrt out laughing, and «a«ed f® » meddling and impertinent old fooL ''Very true,' returned he, for he always made use of that form of words— 'very ln»c ; hot still the facts are worth investi ng even from iheir singularity. Do oVJ v^' for iustMICe. that at eleven oek, three days a week, your wife goes out mi & cab by -herself ?V : ' d.^°I'*aid ^ ' l do »?ot; ^oogh if she indi1 -V iM ^^ ^ette^ Uian U slle h*d *°y hmT ^iwnion. ' As a matter of fact, ofcSr?' eLeqdoes'n«t do so, for -I have **. aud she has declined, to accompany ^^poa U-e g^und of having a wrc .-'Va what days did she give this ex ' Jjiist Moncl.ty and Iiist Thursday,' re- I turni'd I. 'Well, here's a memorandum : id. Saw Mr?. U. elirf, as u filial, at 11/] Tit urstiay, lih. ditto, ditto. She could not be going to a morning concert, because sliu haJ no white gloves ou.' ' I will grant that much,' quoth I sar donicaly, and jet not by any means un moved by this unexpected intelligence. ' My wife doe3 not go to morning con certs.' ' Very true,' observed Peabody. ' Then the question arises, where dots she go to ? Now, as an inhabitant of the crescent' — ' Peabody,' interrupted I severely, ' I acknowledge the right of uo mail — no, not the man in the moou hinuelf — to meddle in my affairs upou llai grouucL I am obliged to you for the interest you have taken iu this matter, but the simple fact is, that it has been entirely misplaced. I have been perfectly wellaware of my wife's movements, and they have my fullest permission and approbation. I only wanted to see to what lengths your impertinence aud love of interference would carry you. That is 3'our hat, I believe ; your umbrella is the alpaca one; I wish you a very good morning.' I ushered my visitor out, aud then sat down in my private parlour with my elbows upon the table, and both my hands thrust into my hair. I had temporarily extinguished Peabody, but I was on fire with jealous apprehensions myself What could, it all mean ? For sixteen years my wife had never taken any excursion unless in my company, upon which, she had al ways given tuc to understand, Bue doted ; and yet, after refusing to go out with me upon Monday and Thursday last, on the plea of a sore throat, she had started, the instant my back was turned, in a Hansom ? or even supposing that it was a four wheeler— in a cab, without white gloves 0Bj an(i ? Confound it, here was a row in the pantry, and one which my peace of mind demanded to have cleared up at once. ' Anna Maria,' cried I huskily, from the bottom of the stairs — '.Anna M!aria, I wish to speak with you immediately.' 'Lor1 bless me,' answered my wife from the top story, ' it isn't one of the children, is it, John ? Pray tell me the worst at once.' ' No, madam, il is I,' replied I stiffly. 'Then' it's the kitchen chimney,' ex claimed she in a dogmatic tone. 'And didn't I tell Mary to have it swept a week ago; and now the fire engines will spoil everything, even if we are not burnt out of house and home.' Was it possible that this woman could have deceived me, as Peabody had said, and yet talk so simply of her children, and of house and home ? By the time Anna Maria had got down to the drawing-room flight, I began to be rather ashamed of myself- When the mother of eight reached my eitting-rooni door, with hpr honest face aglow with 'animation,' and lier voice so earnest about the soot, I did not dare to mention what I had in iny mind. cf I called yon down, dear, to say that I was going to give myself, a holiday to day, and to ask you to come with me to Hamstead Heath, and dine at Jack Straw's Castle this afternoon, it being such a beau tiful day.' A ray of joy passed for an instaut over her features, aud then, as if recollecting herself, she began to stammer that she was very, very sorry, but really she had so. much to do about the house just then ; if I would only wait till Friday week, which was my birthday, then we would go some where, aud she should enjoy it above all measure. This afternoon, however, the thing was impossible. 'Wei],' said I gravely, 'we have not many holidays together, and I am sorry. You had a sore throat on Monday and on Thursday, when I offered you a similar opportunity.' «0 yes,' answered she, shaking her little head, which is very prettily — could it be too prettily?— set apoa her shoulders ; ' it is quite impossible that I could go out with that throat.' ' Here,' thought I, for she could not have gone vntiiaut her throat, ' is some dreadful fidsehood ; but Peabody may have told it, aud not she. Perhaps she never went out at all. Should I not ra ther believe the wife of my bosom than that scandalous old retired indigo-merchant? Was it not base even to suspect Anna Maria of deception! Doubtless it was; but yet I would just satisfy myself with my own eyes. ' Very well,' observed J, quietly, ' since you cannot come with me to-day, I shall go to the City as usuaL I don't care for a holiday by myself.' ' Poor dear fellow,' said Anna Maria, coaxingly, as she helped me on with my greatcoat, ' I am quite grieved to disap point you. Good-bye, John. Mind you have a good luncheon ; it's very bad for you eating those buns and rubbish.' '? Ah, what a tangled web we weive,' saya somebody, ' when first wo practice to deceive,' though after but a little trying, there is nothing easier than a little lying. I protest I felt like a pickpocket, as I dodged and lurked about our crescent, watching in the distance my own door, to sec whether Mrs. R. would cross the threshold. I suppose I have none of the attributes necessary to the professiou of a detective, for whenever a passer- by cast his eyes on me, I felt myself blushing aU over, and hanging my head on one side, as a dog hangs his taiL I dared not, of course, stop in the crescent, but I loitered at the corner of a Btreetwhich commanded it, now trying to dig up the tops of the coal-cellars by inserting the nozzle of my umbrella in their circular holes, and now eliciting mournful music by dragging it against the area railings. Exhausted with, these exercises, I. had been leaning agamsi la lamppost for about ten minutes, when the door of a house opposite opened suddenly, and a widow lady of vast proportions came swiffly ont upon me with her cap-strings streaming in the wind. 'Now just go away, my gentleman, sad she in a menacing voice, 'before tie police inates you. I know who you re Hooking for, and ,1 can trilwu she am t a coming, for I've got her locked up ux the coal^elfar. / know you, although joa have not soa your red coat on to-day ; and S-tf&t; another slice of meatin 'Gracious heaven?, madam !' cried I, j 'do you t;ike me for a commoi: soldier '.-' j '? No, sir,' answered she, maliciously ; ' but for a tuppenny-ha'penny Life Guards man, who never saw a shot fired iu his life ; and if ever you come after my Jemima again ' — I turned, and fled — into the very arms of the abominable Feabody. ' Make haste !' exclaimed he ; ' there is not a moment to be lost. No ; the cab is coming this way ; you may see for yourself whether I am not right this time.' And sure enough, v-'ho should drive by, at a rapid rate, but Anua Maria, in a four wheeled cab, and without her bonnet, and with a flower in her hair ! This blow, coming so closely upon the attack, of the widow lady, was almost more than I could bear. 'Where can she be going to 1' gasped I half unconsciously. ' It's the most extraordinary thiiig I ever heard of.' ' 1 have hoard of similar things,' re turned Peabody quietly, ' although I never experienced anything of the sort my self. Of course, I don't know where she is going to ; but the direction she has taken is towards St. John's Wood.' I hastened back to my own house, and with the air of a man who has forgotten something, began to search in the pockets of a greatcoat hanging up in the hall. ' By the by,' said I, as the servant who had let me in was disappearing, ' I think your mistress must have got it after all. Just run up, and tell her I want to see her for a minute.' Emily Jane, who had been in our service ever since we were married, turned as scar let as her cap-ribbons. ' Sir,' said she, bolder than brass, ' missis has just stepped out ; she has taken two of the little girls for a morning walk.' ' Whinh two J' inquired I, looking this abandoned young person full in the face. Her subtle spirit was cowed by this course of procedure ; she replied that she did not b-nnvr — slip, rlirln't*. rppnllftri. — sllfi liaHn'ti paid particular attention, but she rather thought that it was the two youngest — all in a breath. 'Iu that case,' rejoined I, pointing with withering scorn to the perambu lator, ' how comes this here 1 No,. Emily Jane ; your mistress must have taken but with her to-day the same two children that she took on Monday and on Thursday, when her throat was so bad that she could not go out with me.' ' Yes, sir,' replied she ; ' it was the same two.' ' Einily Jane,' said I, solemnly, ' al ways tell the truth. / know aU. Where is your mistress gone to all by herself to day, with her hiir so neatly arranged, aud a flower stuck on the left-hand side of her head ? and that after telling me she was too busy to move out. - Concealment is worse than useless. Where is she V ' Wild horses shouldn't do it,' returned the domestic resolutely. 'I told her I would Jieep~it'iila*k, -and -I -wou*t betray uo confidence as has been tepoged in me. You must find it out all of your own head, sir ; oh dear, oh dear !' Here, to my confusion, Emily Jane cast her apron, by a sudden an dexterous move ment, oyer-her features, and in that blinded coadition rushed down the kitchen-stairs like a bull stung by bees. At that moment, the frontrdoor bell rang with a violence such as none of our visitors, except the captain, would ever dare to use. My wretched heart seemed to experience a little throb of joy. He at least then — and I confess my suspicions had been turned in his direction, for was it not his profession to guard us from foreign foss, arid' to destroy our domestic peace — he at least, I say, untest Oiere «ras more than one ? £ dared not trust myself to finish the reflection, bat opened the &out; door with my own hauds. It was somebody in uniform, but not the captain. ' Te\egrapht or Mra. R.,' squeaked the boy in his shrill voice ; ' please to sign on theright-'and. Bide.' Then dancing a double shuffle upon the. -door- step, in order to keep himself warm, he broke 'forth into ballad, 'There's somebody in the house with Dinah, there's somebody in the house, I know ; there's somebody iu the house with Dinah '. ? I didn't like his impudence, and I didn't like his song, but there was nothing for it but to submit. What could Anna Maria be doing with telegraphs i ' From Rupert Merrington, 6 Cupidon VMas, St. John's Wood, Pray, be punctual iliis time. I am engaged after iwdve. I trust you will be looking your best, not pale, at on Monday and Thursday.' . ' There's somedody in the house with Dinah, there's somebody iu the house I know'- ? I rushed out with the receipt in my hand, and the boy snatched it and took to flight, for he saw that I was dangerous. What could that dreadful message mean ? or rather what meaning could it have but one? Rupert Merring ton ! not at all a steady Bounding name, to begin with : the sender, too, was evidently no business man, or he would not have exceeded his twenty words bo foolishly. It had a military smack all over (and I didn't like tiiat notion— a military smack!). Merrington was of course an assumed name. The handwriting was good, and so far unlike the captain's ; but then people don't write their own telegraph messages. I felt that some immediate action was ne cessary, or that I should be suffocated. In a couple of minutes I was in a Hansom bound for Cupidon Villas, in a state, of mind much easir imagined than de scribed ; and yet I had often read de scriptions of it in novels which professed to describe aristocratic life, and often had seen upon the stage (although principally in farces) die husband racked with jealous pangs. What had there been to laugh at in that, I wonder sow ! Why should the lender est emotions of the human heart be made the subject of buffoon ? But trhafra wicked-looking set of houses were these which I was now passing ! If bricks and mortar — and especially stucco— can look vicious, certainly St John's Wood possesses a patent for ? ' What number, sir !' shouted my driver through the little hole in the roof. ' This is Cupid's Willas 'I am sorry to bear iV' passing my pocket-kandkerchief over my brow. 'Don't mind me, my good man (for his counten 1 am miserable. Please lo pull up at No. C.' Of all the wicked-looking houses iu Cupiduu Terrace, No. Oi was. it seemed to me, the wickedest. The round eye which formed its staircase window, winked viciously in the sunlight, and in the garden was a little grating to me. The drawing rooui shutters were closed. This latter circumstance gave me some satisfaction, since it might signify that Mr. Merrington was dead, but a glance at the gay attire of the servant- girl who answered my sum mons cut away this ground of consolation. ' Is Mrs. R within ?' inquired I, with a tone of assumed indifference. ' Well — yes, sir — but you can't see her just at present. Mr. Merringtou has a great objection to' ? 'Coufound Mr. Merrington !' cried I, pushing my way in. ' I wan't to see my wife.' ' Oh, your wife is it, sir V replied the maid with a giggle. ' Then of course you can go up, if you please, although it's as much as my place is wortli. You will find them in the drawing-room.' ' What ! tlwre ?' exclaimed I passion ately, pointing to the closed windows. ' Yes, of course, sir ! That's the room they always sit in.'' They always sit in ? Then this sort of thing must have been going on for years. I cleared the two little flights of stairs in a couple of bounds, and hurled open the drawing-room door like a catapult. I found myself in a large apartment, darkened, indeed, upon one side, but well lit by a huge window (invisible from the front of the house) at its northern end. In the centre of the room was a raised structure', hung with purple, and rather re sembling a scaffold decorated for the ex ecution of royalty, and upon the scaffold sat my wife in an uncomfortable attitude, and with an expression of countenance that she only wears iiposj those ceremonious oc casions which demand what are called j ' oompa ly manners.' Between her and the window stood a gentleman with moustaches, and in a velvet coat — at an easel, and evidently painting her portrait. He elevated his eyebrows at my peculiar mode of. entering the room, and looked towards my wife, as if for an explanation of the phenomenon. ' It is only my husband, Mr. Merring ton,' returned she ' O John, I am so sorry that you found me out, for I had meant my picture to be a pleasant surprise to you upon your birthday next week. This was to be my last sitting but one ; and nobody knows the trouble I have taken to keep you ignorant of my coming here. That stupid Emily Jane must have let it out.' 'No, my dear,' said I, 'I discovered the £ict for myself, through the telegraph ;' and really I — I couldn't help comiug down to see how the picture was getting on. It was .so very kind of you. And, dear me, Mr. Merrington, what a charming likeness.' 'Well, it's in a very good lighff, you see,' rejoined he depreciatingly. 'Not having a room with a skylight, I'm obliged to block up those front windows, and manage how I can. It makes the house dark, and, I am afraid, caused you to stumble at the drawing-room door.' ' Yes,' said I, ' that was just it ; I very nearly came in head first. I— I only thought I'd look in on my way to the City. I won't interrupt you another moment ; and, indepd, I have myself no time to lose.' I gave the maid five shillings, aud — thinking it would be more likely to insure her silence — a chuck under the chin. Then I wrote to Peabody from Bunhill Row (where my place of business is situated), to tell him that I would not make a fool of him any longer ; but the fact was, that I had been making my wife sit for her picture, which lie was to come and pass his judgment on as soon as it was finished: there was a question as to whether the flower iu her hair was an improvement or not. . ? But I knew that Emily Jane would tell Anna Maria all about it. However, no thing was said until my birthday arrived, and with it the portrait, for which the dear little creature had saved up her pin money, and put herself to the greatest inconveni ence, I declare my heart smote me for my base suspicions when I looked upon that -Jionest fiice, which had never worn paint before.- Upon that day she said: 'By the by, John, when' that telegraph arrived for me from Mr.' ^Merrington, it didn't make yon jealous at all, did it ?' ' Oh, dear no, my darling ! Jealous of you 1 Impossible! INoti of course, that you are not beautiful enough to make all the world . fall in love with yon ; but I never dreamed of suet a Wing.' ' That's all right, John,' said she, kiss ing me ; but there was a wicked twinkle in her kind eyes as she added drily : ' I am glad to hear you .say that, for, do you know, my dear, I almost thought you were. a little jealous.' 