I The Champion Race. j Writing boforo tho last payment was made, Argot has the following as his opinion, in the Auttralatian: ! The excitoment which precoded the Cup meeting is wanting as tho Champion draws nigh. Instead of the Various training grounds being crowded with horses, daily scrutinised by the peering eyes of these intorested in tl)o issue of the race, horses now are few and far between. The groat Tarragon lias the park almost to him- self;-true it is lie makes his' appearance at such un- earthly timos, before the ghosts,-if ghosts there are in this-part'of the .world,- have retired, that - hisdesired privacy is not likely to be' disturbed. Long before daylight he may he seen entering the park gates opposite the Grammar School,- making his way down to the swamp, Johnny Higgerson, like a wizard as he is, guiding his steps. Long before the sun has rison Tarragon is doing work, taking his gallops, or long swinging walks, from twelve to fifteen miles at a time. And Tarragon is a beauty to look at ; and no horse in this part of tho world can walk like Mr Towns* bay. ; ? Tarragon looks fresh and well, in good condition too good in fact, ; and is roportod to bo short of work too big. ' I believe bim tb be as sound as a bell, and that, if required, lie cari strip a model of perfect con- dition on the 1st.* I regret, that a halo of suspicion surrounds this' celebrated performer. There ¡B no doubt bf its being the case, ' and not only will the horse's outward condition be' closely scrutinised, but every yard he moves in tho raco will be noted. Higgerson can plead no excuse this time for bis favourite on the score of bad quarters or unsuitable training ground. No horse engaged in tho Champion can look better now than Tarragon, and those who,know the animal, ?ind are alive to his merits, would back hun for every farthing they possess if they knew but one thing.. These suspicions may be unfounded. I hope they are. I morely state that they do. exist.- Out of twonty-eight. noriiiuatipna for this rich stake, no less than titree are dead-and' such a trio,-Illumination, Druid, and Frolic. Tho absentees will be Corvus, Talleyrand,. Musidora, The Hose, Poet, Oriflamme, Songster, Lan-, cer, Victoria, Miranda, Kerosene, and Commodorb ; leaving ss starters-Tarragon, Ebor, VoIunteer;"Panio, Shepherdess, O.K.,. Cudland, Cora (perhaps), tho best of Fisher's, bo it Angler or the Lady Heron ; ' Clove, Sraugglor, (perhaps),; ond Day and Martin. Probably, ten at tho post, and that number may' bo curtailod oro the eventful dsy, for'neither Cora nor Smuggler havo! arrived, and as I am. writing before tho night, ol general entry, I am somewhat in the dark as to what number will nay up. It is not my intention 'at present to analyse the dunces which the above lot may narr, beyond a few general remarks oh their present form. Mr Dowling, of course, relies. on tho great Panio, who bas beon doing good work, and is in excellent trim. Mr Tait has Volunteer and tho filly Clovo, but tho latter has been short of, work for somo time, and it is doubtful if she oin comb round again in tho time, so that Mr Tait must probably roly on his game Volunteer} who will not disgrace his colours. His string aro quartered at Flemington. O.K., by. Figaro, stands at the Racecourse Hotol, and is undor tho caro of Nouli Beal; ho is a magnificent horse, and will strip ai well as any animal 'on the day. It is doubtful which', will bo tho boat of '.Fisher's brace, Angler or Lady Heron j most likely tho ipair will go, win . which can or cannot,' as it ? inay bb. iEbor I hare not yet seen, but .am told he is well. I 'doubt, howevor, if ho can win such a race, with Tarragon 'and Panio against him.' Thon Sam' Waldock has Cad lland, who is a fino horse indeed, can carry tho weight, land has a -good outsido chanoo. I fancy, from prosont (appearances, the rich stake lies entirely between Tarra gon, Panic,, and: O.K. If Clovo could come round, she imight co»ry Mr Tait's colours to tho fore, but boing jstoppod .in her work at so critical a time-must jeopardise iher chance...: < : I «ball maso it ray especial business to note the doings and condition of ull tho candidates between now and ¡your last appearance prior to the new year ; and in a I subsequent cdmmunication favour you with tho result. But I cannot resist coming to tho following conclusion, 'knowing what Tarragon lins done, and Panic's running in tho Cup :-Panic and Tarragon, both well, both run Ito win (nnd we know ono will do so),-what's to heat thom ? Upon my word I cannot at present find anything j in, the shapp of horseflesh, capable of so doing. And j what a grand sight it would bo, the pair coming horne ; neok and neck from the distance, with two euell jockeys up as Higgoraon and Morrison ! I most sincerely hopo,, then, that these rumours are as unjust to Higgoraon as they are unworthy of tho man who is fortunate cnougli.tó possess such a horse SB Tarragon ; and that tho great interest oentred in the meeting of the pair may not be destroyed by one of them making it a forcgono conclu- sion. .' ' A PATniABon AMONG GÜNB.-A troublesome bear was shot at North Elsworth, Maine, the other day, , with a gun that was surrendered by the French to the British at lipuisberg, Nova Scotia, in 1756. It was used;in tho battles of Concord, Lexington, and Bunkers Hill j also'the siego of Castine, and in the war of . 1812 within . Great Britain.-New Xbrh Times. , i,r A shoemaker was, the othor day, fitting a customer with a pair of boots, when the buyor observed that ho hud but one. objection to them, winch was that tho soles wara o little too thick. "If that ia all," replied Crispin, "put on tho boots, and tho objection will gradually wear | away." I 