THE MURDER OF HENRY KINDER. The S.M. Herald, of Dec. 7th, contains a very lengthy report of the Police Court examination of Henry Bertrand, Jane Bertrand, and Maria Kin- der, for the murder of the last named prisoner's husband. The chief feature of this most extraor- dinary case appeared briefly in our issue of yester- day voluminous evidence now before us does not ma- terially add to or alter the romantic sensational story as already placed before our readers. Our space does not permit making lengthy extracts, especially from the documentary evidence which is very bulky, but which will it is thought, place the mo- tive for the crime on the part of Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder beyond doubt : — Detective Elliott apprehended Jane Bertrand on the 28th ultimo at her residence in Wynyard- square. She was conveyed to the female watch- house, where he read to her the warrant by virtue of which she was arrested, and to the charge therein contained she made no answer. He received from her a gold watch, chain, locket, and two rings, and a portemonnaie containing £6 18s 6d In the portemonnaie there were two cards bearing the name of Kinder. Henry Wager, resident clerk in the detective department proved the arrest of Maria Kinder, at Bathurst on Monday, the 25th ult. She was, by warrant under the hand of the police magistrate, remanded to Syd- ney. Witness escorted her from Bathurst. She made no answer to the charge. Henry Louis Bertrand who had been removed under writ of habeas corpus from Darlinghurst Goal, (where he was undergoing a sen- tence — in default of sureties to keep the peace— for using threatening language to a Mrs. Robert- son,) was, on the morning of the 29th, arrested at the Darlihghurst Police- station, by De- tective Elliott, on the present charge. When the warrant was read to him, he said "It's rather a heavy charge." Elliott asked, "Am I to take that as your answer to the charge?" Bertrand rejoined, " Am on my trial now?" Elliott said," No, I am only stating to you the charge." Bertrand added, " My reply to it is — Not Guilty." The detective produced a packet of letters which on the 24th of last month, whilst Bertrand was in Darlinghurst Gaol, he found in a secretary in pri- soner's house, Wynyard-square. One of the letters bore the name of Mrs Kinder ; the others appeared to be without signature, but they appeared to be in the same handwriting as that bearing the name of Mrs Kinder. He produced a diary found at the same time in one of the drawers in Bertrand's bed room; this drawer was not locked when found. He also produced a small bottle labelled " tincture of belladonna," a large phial containing a white powder, and two pieces of dry substances, which were now folded up and sealed. The assistant (Alfred Burne) on the same day handed to witness a phial, labelled " chloride of zinc." He also pro- duced a pistol, powder- flask, and a box containing caps, all which he found in the same secretary. The tomahawk he produced he received from the assis- tant the same day. He also produced a diary, which was found in the drawer in Bertrand's bed- room by the assistant, and handed to Inspector Read in witness's presence. He also produced a bottle he had received, from the clerk of Inspector Read . It had the word "poison" written on what appeared to be the label of Wilkinson, chemist, Hunter-street. Henry Wager, recalled :— I arrested Mrs Kinder at Bathurst, at her mother's. I said to her "I have a number of your letters addressed to Mr Bertrand, at Wynyard-square ; and I thank you to let me have any letters you have received from Mr Ber- trand." She replied, " I have none ; I always burn them." I made a search, and found a letter dated 7 Wynyard- square, October 28, 1865, and signed "Louis Bertrnd, 7 Wynyard-square!". I pointed to an open box in the bedroom, and asked her what that contained. She replied "It con- tains nothing but my children's clothing and the pistol with which my husband shot himself. " I searched the box, and found the pistol which I now produce. (This was a common pistol, with a trig- guard — the other pistol, produced by Elliott, having a secret trigger. ) Eight-letters addressed by Mrs Kinder to the prisoner Bertrand were then read. They were very lengthy and we make the following extracts in chronological order. The first was dated Oct. 31st and the last Nov. 21st. A glimpse of you — oh ! dearest, dearest, what would I not give to be taken to your heart ; if only for a moment, I think it would content me. It is no use, dear. Your love is food — nourishment to me. I cannot do without it. I tried to advise for the best, but I cannot. I cry out in very bit- terness. If I can only be near you — only see you at a distance once again — I think I could bear my- self. — I believe, darling, if our separation, is for long shall go out of my mind. I cannot live without seeing you sometimes ; but if we live any- where near, Sydney, we could have this occasion- ally, which would have kept us up so all this long time of waiting here I might as well be at the end of the world. If you can imagine to do so without risk, darling come up at Christmas. Tell me all about yourself — your goings, sayings, and doings. I really must finish now. My own love, better, fondest love, ever yours. Good bye, lovely, pleasant dream s— NELLY. I kiss you every night, dear one, before sleeping, and cry God to bless you, and let me dream of you. I cry oh, oh, oh, my heart, and ache with longing to see you. * * * I scarcely know where to begin. I am most grateful, dear one, for your thought of me. I have been considering your advice, and have ar- rived at a sort of conclusion ; but to mature mat- ters, dearest, I think I had better explain exactly how we are situated. Oh, darling, darling, if I could only but see the old surgery there, and lean- ing my head against yours as I have so often done, and tell you all and everything, what a comfort it would be to me; but no, that can never be, perhaps never again. * * * I have no news to tell you about myself, except that my whole thoughts are given to you. Oh! I do feel so very desolate, and and have such a craving to see you at times, and then, again,I bow my head in utter humiliation of spirits when I think of my utter unworthiness, and to bring a blight on all that I love and care for me. Oh ! if I could only be a true Christian ; but my thoughts and desires are so terribly wicked. I am myself terrified at them. * * * Oh, dear, dear love, what can you mean about mamma's secret? I know none. Do, do tell me. I have tortured myself dreadful since your letter came. Darling, that must be some mistake ; what secret can she have. Oh, my love, have pity and tell me. She has said nothing further about our letters ; but I do not think she likes our writing much. Oh, dar- ling, you preach patience, but how can I be patient, I cannot be. I won't be. I have no fear about your getting on, lovey. It is the uncertainty of our meeting is to me terrible. I have every faith in you as far as you are concerned ; but others, that is the thing. I am always well when I get a letter to strengthen me. You are right in saying I want you. Try to help me, oh, dear, dear life, now. I look forward for you. My heart fairly jumps at the thought. I must finish now, love, in a hurry as I hear mamma coming. God bless you. Good night, darling love, and plenty kisses from your own darling CHILD. * * * Mamma has already commented on my getting letters from you and says the injury I am doing you and Jane by encouraging your love. She also advises me to be careful what we write, as she says there are many reports with regard to us in Sydney, and that the detectives have power, and might use it if they thought to find anything out by opening our letters. I was not aware they had that power; it is only in case of there being anything suspicious with re- gard to people. Dear one, I do not ask advice so much with regard to ourselves, but mine is real necessity for something to be done. I hope your sister will like her new house. Give her my kindest regards; I think had she known me under more favorable circumstances she would have liked me; but that cannot be helped — the good or ill opinion of others, after all, does not alter one for better or worse — does it, deary? I am what I am. Trusting you will have good news for me next time you write; and oh, dar- ding, fancy, fancy, each other to be always near each other. Dear love, I shall die with pleasure if it comes about. Good bye, and good night dear, dear kind love. God forever bless you. Ever yours, most affectionately." After the death of Kinder, and when Mrs. Kinder had gone to reside at Bathurst, what was called a journal or diary was kept by Ber- trand, it being an understanding between them that he should jot down his thoughts, feelings, and the events of the day for her perusal when they should meet again. From entries in this diary (said the learned counsel who conduc- the prosecution) it would be clearly seen that it was his intention to procure a divorce from his present wife, and to marry Mrs Kinder, first entry was in the most impassioned strain. We talked of her as his wife, and of " sweeping away with a scimitar, his enemies," or those who should "step between her love and him." "Think kindly of me — of my great failings ," it proceeded — '' see what I have done for thee — for my, for our love ;— think of that, and you may doubt me if you can." In reference to the prosecution of Jackson, and his committal to prison for sending a threatening letter, there was an entry to the following effect: "It pleased me — I am satisfied — thus once more perish my enemies. He is disposed of for the present — are you sorry? Came home. The first thing Jane did was to tell me that after all our quarrel with regard to your laughing at Jackson, you, while I was in court laughed openly at him. Did you do so? if so, you will be his ruin, for I have not done with him yet. Why will you enrage me?" It might be necessary to explain that grounds would be found for imputing to Jackson an inti- macy with Mrs Kinder, and that Bertrand, hav- an affection for the woman, became jealous of this man on account of his antecedent relations with Mrs Kinder whilst they were living in New Zealand. In another entry he said, "I am now by my agonies paying a debt to retributive justice; or what I have made others suffer God only knows; but if I have I richly deserve: all I feel, and you, my love, have you not done the same?" In reference to the intention of getting a divorce, he said, " Dream of the future for do not we both look forward to repent our and make peace with our God, I am sure He will help us to be good if we try with all our heart and strength," &c.; Then he said, "Thinking of the time, when we shall meet to only in death — when will that time arrive ? It approaches slowly, but with slow steps; but it will; come, believe me, as surely as you believe there is a God — I have said it." He said further, "What would life be without thee, or even the hope of possessing thee." In another passage this occurred :— " I look back at the past, and I am almost astonished at what I have dared and successfully executed. Can you after that, say you have not faith in me — that I am changed, and that I could care, for others beside thee ?" Then, in reference to her future conduct, he advised her to be good, as it was not too late to pray to God with a true repentant heart adding, "I dare not yet lift up my voice to him — I feel I dare not yet ask his forgiveness — my dear wife, pray for thy hus- band." The following would be incredible, ex- cept on the supposition that Mrs Bertrand was perfectly cognizant of his intimacy with Mrs Kinder:— "I speak a great deal of my affairs to my dear sister ; she loves me, and is much con- cerned about our future ; she is favorable to our divorce, and this, under the circumstances, is the most kind thing I can do for Jane and all concerned." Then with reference to the suppo- sition of antecedent intimacy, he said, " Do you, my Ellen, (sic) ever dream that we are locked in each other's arms once more ?" In another part, he said, in reference to a person named Bellhouse having to stop at his. house, "After that, Mrs Robertson was taken very ill, and is sleeping with my sister. Jane is obliged to sleep with me, it feels so strange, as I have not slept with her for a long time — it seems like sleeping with some one else's wife." Writing in reference to his worldly prospects, he said, "My heart gets sick and faint when I look into the future. Did I flatter myself that God would let a wretch like me go unpunished ? But I tell thee, fate, I defy thee." Speaking of the object of the diary, he wrote , "This diary is for thee, my Helen." Then he had a memorandum in which he in- formed the father of Mrs Kinder of this feeling he had about his daughter, and it, seemed in- credible that his sister and her father should without any expression of dissent, be aware of this attachment. There was, however, it ap- peared, disapprobation on the mother's part. In another entry, he spoke of being in a boat in the harbor, standing on the deck, his " face turned towards the little house with two chimneys, and thinking of the time when on the wings of love he flew to the arms of my beloved ; oh, my heart sinks when I recall those happy meetings now gone by." This referred to the time when Mrs Kinder was living with her husband. "When none were by to interrupt us. These were happy moments alloyed with bitter thought. How horribly jealous I was; how could I bear that Helen, my love, belonged to some one who had a legal right to do and say anything he liked with her. It drove me raving mad, and I am what I am. I looked around me, and saw the people coming and going as they used to do, and racked by my thoughts, surely there can be no worse hell than our own conscience." In another entry he said : — " The more they oppose us, the more will be my power of resistance. Poor fools, to try and thwart my will — I who value human life so little, and value weapons to be used when required, and then thrown away or destroyed, some, of course, being kept for future use, if necessary. From the evidence adduced at the examina- tion we select the following passages :— Alexander Bellhouse : I am employed in the telegraphic department, and have known Ber- rand three or four years, but until three or four weeks ago I had not seen him for two years. I then met him on board the Manly Beach steamer, and he invited me to his house. I went there the following evening, remaining there two or three hours. He introduced me to his wife and sister, Mrs. Kerr, and we played at cards. When I was going away he wanted to tell me something and walked out of the house with me. He then volunteered a statement about the death of Kinder. He said he went in the garb of a woman, and purchased a pistol. That he shaved off his moustache entirely. He said he was sorry for Kinder, but he wanted him out of the way. He he was going to get a divorce from his wife in less than twelve months. He said he was a powerful mesmerist, and had great power over people that way. That he had had great, influence over his his wife, and could do what he liked with her. He said his wife knew about his attachment for Mrs. Kinder — that she was very fond of him, and would do anything he wished. I think he said he put the pistols in Kinder's way, would not swear to it. He did not say anything particular as to his influence over Mrs. Kinder. He went out to a cafe about eleven o'clock, and I suppose I was with him for am hour. We separated about two o'clock that morning. Bertrand volunteered the statement without any introduction or any question on my part. His statement was so singular that I could not sleep much that night for thinking it. Alfred Burne, cross-examined: " I took three letters to Mrs Kinder. Two I received from Mr. Bertrand, and one from Mrs Bertrand. There was to be secrecy. I cannot say when Mrs. Kinder first visited Bertrand's establish- ment, but it was before the month of August last. I took no notice of it; it did not interest me. I am an amateur theatrical, and used to do the juvenile business at the Victoria Theatre before it closed. I guessed they had a liking for each other, and that the first letter was for an appointment. It was about week after that he told me Mrs. Kinder had taken a violent fancy to him; but the day previous to giving me the letter he said Mrs. Kinder was a remark- ably fine woman, at the same time winking. Bertrand told me Kinder had insulted him, and for that reason he was going to knock his brains out, and I believe the sme night he said he had drugged him; in fact, I understood him to say that he had drugged him every night he went over there except the first; he said he had drugged the beer, I have broken confidence now. It was because I was afraid of being im- plicated in the death of Kinder. Previous to getting into difficulties he stated his intention to put me out of the way; and his sister, Mrs. Kerr, and Mr. Deffries, told me that I had better give evidence. I read about a page of the diary before the detectives came — the first page — whilst Bertrand was in gaol. I received the keys from Mrs. Bertrand when Mr Bertrand went to gaol. My reason for opening the diary was to see if there was anything in it against Mr Bertrand. He has some years previously dressed himself in the character of a woman. He did so about three years back as a joke. I once remonstrated him about talking of knocking Kinder's brains out. I said how would it benefit you, because Mrs Kinder can be no more to you than she is already. Harriet Kerr: l am a married woman, and sister to Bertrand, the prisoner. I arrived from Melbourne about six weeks ago, and went to live in his house in Wynard- square. Shortly after I arrived he spoke of Mrs Kinder, and said he wished to make her his wife — that he wished a divorce from his present wife. He said he was very much in love with this person, Mrs Kinder. I said I was very much surprised, as in his letters to me he said he was living hap- pily with his wife. I argued with him, and said that after being married for three years he should think of better things. I only had one conversation with him on the subject of the divorce. About a week afterwards, or five or six days, early in the morning, just before breakfast and before leaving my bedroom, Ber- trand came into my room whilst I was washing the baby. He said, "Stay a minute, I have something to say to you." He told me to sit down on the side of the bed, and asked me if I had read about the death of Kinder. I said I had. He paused a little and then said, "Kinder did not shoot himself," He said, " I shot him." I replied, "You must be mad to say such a thing." He said, " No, I am not mad — I tell you I did shoot him." I said, " But how cruel of you to do so," and I put up my hands to my face. He pulled them down again. I was cry- ing, and he said, "Don't cry; I don't regret have done." He said Kinder was in his way. He said he would do the same thing to any man who stood in his way. He warned me not to tell his wife what he had told me. He said he was jealous of Kinder, and that he loved Mrs Kinder very dearly. When he said he shot him, he said he put the pistol in his hand, and a pipe in his mouth, and that afterwards he threw the pistol that he shot him with into the harbor. He did not say to me that he put a card into Kinder's hand before he shot him. I was told so, but not by Mr Bertrand. When I remon- strated with him, he said, " You need not be so hard upon me — Kinder was going to shoot me, and had bought a gun to do so." * * * He (Bertrand) used to beat his wife most brutally. This I observed whilst staying in the house. Speaking of the divorce, I told him how wrong his conduct was. His treatment of his wife was everything that was bad, wicked, and cruel. He attempted her life two or three times whilst I was in the house. He said he must marry Mrs Kinder. He said, " I don't want to kill Jane," meaning his wife, " but if I cannot get a di- vorce I shall get up an adultery case with some respectable married woman, and then Jane can sue me for a divorce." I asked him why he did not give up his thoughts of marrying that wo- man. He said he could not give her up. I said, " She must be a bad woman, to be cogni- zant of the death of her husband ; she could not make you a good wife." I said she must be a bad woman. He answered, "Yes, I know she is a bad woman." He said that was why he must marry her — because she was a wicked woman. He said he would make a second Lucretia of her. He then paused, and, leaning over me, whispered, "Kinder did not die by the shot, we poisoned him." He said she (pointing to his wife on the sofa) she gave him the poison. He said the poison would never be dis- covered, and that he had enough poison in the house to kill half the people in Sydney. He said it was very likely that before I went to Bris- bane I should see his wife's funeral. Several times he has has spoken about Kinder, about seeing his ghost, and when he saw the color of liquors on the table, referred to it as blood. In cross- examination the witness said -— " Mrs Bertrand mentioned to me by way of complaint, that on one occasion Mrs Kinder slept in the same bed with Bertrand and herself. She said that Bertrand made her lie in bed ; that Mrs Kinder then came in, and that they had im- proper intercourse. On another occasion, she said that she would not stay in bed, and that rather than do so, she took a mattress and slept on the floor. At another, time, Mrs Ber- trand told me that her husband, wished her to go and buy strychnine, and that she refused to go. Mrs.Bertrand said she would not be such a fool. Bertraud often told me that he had a great mind to murder Mrs Bertrand, and say I had done it. I know that Mrs Bertrand has been to the Inspector-General's office and given information respecting this matter. I never saw Mrs Bertrand interfere in her hus- band's business as to the poisons used, and as far as I am aware she had no knowledge of poisons, Mrs Bertrand, as well as my brother, fold me that Kinder was poisoned. She said Henry forced her to mix the poison, and Mrs Kinder gave it him. She never told me for what purpose it was mixed, and that she knew fur what purpose it was intended. When I spoke of not being on friendly terms with my brother, I mean to say I differed with him as to the course he took with regard to Mrs Kinder, and what be wanted me to do in the matter. It will be seen by our telegram in yesterday's issue that the three prisoners have been com- mitted to take their trial on the charge of wilful murder. We hope to find room in our next issue for further extracts from the evidence taken in this extraordinary case. — ED. M. A. Mail.] A PUBLIC ASSASSIN. — Judgment has been pro- nounced upon Alexander Nichitchcnkoff, a Russian subject, accused of an attempt to assassinate with a poniard Count de Balche, attache to the Russian Embassy in Paris. The young man showed the greatest sang froid during the trial, and after listen- ing to the reading of his sentence, which was im- prisonment with hard labour for life, bowed politely to his judges, and retired with a firm step, after having warmly thanked his interpreter for the trouble he had taken. M. de Balche, who is under the care of the skilful and it wold almost seem omnipresent Dr Nelaton, did not appear in court, his wounds, it was alleged, preventing him. The assasin made no attempt to defend his crime or deny its premeditation; all his endeavour was to ex- culpate himself from any want of politeness! "I certainly wished to kill the person who, having it in his power to satisfy my demand, refused to do so ; but I believe that I never ceased to be decorous in my conduct and polite to M. de Balche." The perfect gentleman, in fact ! Alluding to this po- liteness, a correspondent says :— "I remember see- ing a droll sketch; I think by Tom Hood, entitled. 'Civil War.' in which one military Chesterfield is introducing his sword into the breast of another, de- manding at the same time 'a thousand pardons,' while the other, with the sweetest of all possible smiles, desires he 'wont mention it !' Lieutenant Nichitchenkoff's politeness strikes me as being some what after the same fashion." On Thursday morning the premises of Mr Banko, a farmer, residing near Kyneton, on the eastern Boundary-road, had a narrow escape from being en- tirely destroyed by fire, it appears, says the Kyneton Guardian, that during his absence from home a cow shed in the rear of the dwelling house, caught fire, and were it not for the timely assistance, of some neighbours, and an ample supply of water from an adjoining pond, the whole place must have been burnt down. The amount of damage done, however, as but trifling and was confined to the cow-shed, in which the fire first broke out. The origin of the fire is entirely unknown, as there was no person working near the shed at the time, and it would in all probability have extended to the main building before being discovered, only for a little girl who was playing about and gave the alarm on noticing the flames. The Geelong Advertiser states that on Thursday evening a man named Bull, a resident at Suther- land's Creek, was admitted into the Geelong Hos- pital suffering from a very severe injury about the right elbow joint. It appears that a horse bolted with him and he was violently thrown against a tree and then dragged along the ground. All the bones composing the elbow joint were broken and the soft parts so severely lacerated that the only course that could properly be pursued was primary amputation. This was accordingly done. The patient is an old man, and states that he came to this colony in the year 1835. 