POLITICAL INTELLIGENCE AXi) CLUB GOSSIP. The ' Times' BSJ-B it is calculated that the ticees« sary busings of the country may now be finishe'l iti less tlian four weeks, and Hie lOili of July will probably be the day when the session will be brought to an end. The Conservatives, says a contemporary writer of political grssip, menn lo MI nice a desperate elt'ort io gain a majority in the next Parliament. Every city, borouch, and comity, wlurever Conservation lias the ghost of a cinuce, is to he contested. The lime is come, they fuel, when tiny must win the prize of office or give up all hope ot it f'ir years io enine. and no labor nor iimney will be spared to gain their object. But it is confidently asserted hy the Govcrnment election agents that the next Parliament will be very much like this, and if any change t.,ke place it will be in favor of the Government. It i-| not improbable, however, that. Conservatism wil gain sunn ivhat. The Conservative agents are more active than those of the Government, and more experienced. Moreover, ii is observable that in few eases ilo Conservatives fight Conservatives , whereas, for thrie Liberal ciudidatis lo try for two seats is a very common occurrence. But compact us the Conservatives seem io be, tiny are not really so. An Opposition Ids but one o'tjeet—to defeat the Government—and always seems to be united, nn-I is united, to gain that olject; but, that object gained, it not untiequcntiy ha;,pens that the party becomes disorganised. Tl.o Cnnsirvative parly very suon showed sinus of splitting in I8:">8. The Government wns pledged lo t-ring forward a reform bill. It proposed a reform bill, and at once two of its most impnrtMit members, Mr Walpolo and Mr Henley, needed, and toolc thuir pi ices below the gangway. The country cannot be governed upon strictly Conservative principles. The tVmservativo parly cannot govern it upon Liberal principles. The word Conservative is a veiy expansive woid j it can be ms.de to cover wi.lily different piinciples. Lord Stanley calls himself a Conservative, and so does Mr George liraitick and Lord Hubert Cecil. But, really, Lord Stanley and these two gentlemen, are wide as the poles asunder. The 'Post' observes: —" A pan.graph has recently ap|ieure.l in 11 cuntenipuruiy announcing Lord l'alinns'on's approaching retnetnent from public life. This stmemcnt. which in some quarters nmy have found credence, is totally dev. id of foundation, and wo trust, that the day is far distant when such an annonnei mcnt will lie necessary." The Inlawing elections lisve just taken place:— Sir Arthur Buller has : ecu returned without uppnsiii»ii for l.iskcar<l,in the room <f ;Ur Bernal Osborne, who repigiud.— At Devonian, which Sir Atil.ur Wealed ililt he miRln sit f.r Liskend, there was a kien io iti st between Mr Fleming, Conservative, mid Mr BraEtey, Liheral, which resulted in the return uf the latter by a majority of Sti votes.— \t Oovcnliy there was a contest between Mr Eaton, Conservative, and Mr ..lores, Liberal. At the clncc »f Ihe I oiling Mr Eaton had a majority of 254 vote. Mr Bernal Osborne lias issued an address to the eleclois ot L'skeani, in which lie savs:—"It lias traii6| ired at the elevebth ln-ur that an influential pjrlion of the conpiimenc; , acting in secret conclave nave *ilh<Jr*wii their support MI the grounds that 1 uu not w 4w)t*tl • loUtmr of U>ti falwssiun es they could desire or wonld direct. . Therefore, as it does not suit my ideas of a representative to be either a Treasury dependant or provincial delegate, and as I am informed for tbe first time in this day's public papers that yon have been provided with a candidate by those who affect to manage roar political concerns; I have the less scrapie in making application for the Chiltero Hundreds," Mr W. H. Gladstone, the son of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, has become a candidate for the city of Chester. A few days ago Mr Gladstone attended a public meeting at Chester. After defending bis son from the charge of dividing the Liberal party, though he was last of the three Liberals in the field, he went on to pronounce an eulogy on himself and his colleagues, and assured the constituents that if they elected his son he would be sure to vote for his father's continuance in office. For himself he was in favor of a liberal extension of the franchise, and he liad advised his son, he said, not to be stingy in the extent of his adherence to Liberal opinions. On a motion this evening, June 26, in tbe House of Lords for the second reading of the Soman Catholic Oath Bill, the Earl of Derby will move that the bill be read that day three months. Tbe extraordinary amount of patronage of all kinds which lias fallen into Lord Palmerston's bands by the occurrence of vacancies in tbe various public establishments since his accession to office, has frequently been remarked. Among other privileges, be has had the appointment of more than half tbe 116 Lord-Lieutenants of the United Kingdom. One more yet of these valued offices fails into his hands by tbe death of Viscount M&ymrd;, Lord-Lieutenant of the county of Essex. Lord Maynard was BD old man, and bis death, though much regretted, has hardly er. cited surprise. Yet it is an older man than be who has the duty of appointing his successor. 