OW MUTUAL FRIEND. (Continued.) nr-GIUBIiB« DICKENS. .' _ In reference- to that ab uri) and irreverent omven» lionnl ibm-*, the meek man said, for which Mr. Podsnop voa HO', responsible ho the mi ek nun hud no fear: ol doing atiytfciDi; t.0 impossible) but- j But Hr. I'odsnap {At lhat the tim» hid come for floabioR and flourishing this meek mau down fur good. t"o he paid : I "I roust declino to purBao thia painful d;scnsaion. j It ls' no* picas int to my feelings ; ic is reutt^uunt ti my feelings. I have said that I do not ad m ii, these things J have siso tad lb ,t if they do occur (not I ha-. I adpit it), the f»ult lies wiih the sufTsrera lliB.ns-lvia. It» U not for »'«' Mr. Podsnap pointed " ma ? forcibly.' a» adding by implication though it may be all very well for you -'it is not for me to impugn ttín workings' of Provideni-e I know better than tint. 1 trust a-.d 1 h.ve mentioned what the intent! ma o''Providenca are. Besides,' said Mr. Podsnap, uush'-ng high up among lit hair-trushes, with a slrjnj conBcioui-no s o' personal affront, " rho bubjoot isa verv di.njrcenbleooe I will Êosi fur as to say it is an c dione one. lt U not ono to 9 introduced omocg our wives and yiunz porto-s, and -" He finbhîd with that flmUh o'' hi» njrm which aldnj moro expressively than any word*, And I \- rimovo it from tho taco of tho earth. j Simultaneously with this qu<nahing of ibo meek mia's inofTeotual fire, Geo g'aoa having left the ambler up a lane of sofa, in a No 'Ihorougbf.ieof back draging room, to find bia own way enr, came back to Mrs. L'jmmle. And who shorild bs with Mrs. Laramie, 'but Mr. Inmmle. So fond of her i | " Alfred, wy love, here is my friend. Georgiana, dearest girl, TOO inuit like my bashan 1 next to ne.'. Air. Lamnilo waa proud to bo so soon distinguished by this special commendation to Misa Poisiiaps favour. But il Air. Lammte were prone to Ve jealous of bU dear Sophronia's frien'tabips, he would be jealous of her feel ng towards Miss Podsn&p.; "Say Georgiana darling' interposed his wife ¡ , " Towards-shall J ? - Georgiana.' Mr. Lammle uttered the nam», with a delicate curve of hi< right hand, from his li, s outward. .' For never have I known ' fc'opbro iia (who ia not a:t to take sudden likings) eo uttrao'ed and so otptivated as the ts by-shall I ones more ? - Georgiana." 1 Thu object of tbis homage sat uneasily enough in receipt of it, and then said, turning to Mrs. Lammle, inuoh embarrassed: " I wonder what you like me for I I am sure I oin't «hink.« j " DaareBt Georgiana, fir yourself. For your difference from all around you." " Well ! That may be For I think I like you for jour difference from all around me," said Georgiana with a smile of relief. " We must be going with tho rest," observed Mrs. Lammle, rising witb a show ot unwillingness, am'dat a general dispersal. " We ore real friends, Georgiana, dior." «Real.« ; 'i Good night, dear girl 1" She had established an attraction orar the shrinking nature npnn which her Emiting eyes were fixed, for Georgiana held lier hand while she answered ia a secret and.half-fiightcned tone : " Don't forget me when you are gone away. And coma nguiu soon'. Gool night i > I , Cbarm'ng to ree Mr. and Mr). Laramie taking leave BO gracefully, and going down the ataira so lovingly and sweetly. Rot quite so chnrming to see their smiling fooes fall and brood as the* dropped mooJIy in to senarnte corners of their little carriage. But to bs sure tba wis st sigh« behind the scenes, which nobody saw, andwbioh , nobody was meant to soe. > ' Oertain big, heavy vebioles, built on the model of the Fpdsnnp plate, took away tho hsavy ar'ieles of guests weighing over so much :" and tho leas valuable artioles got away after their various manners ; and th« Podsnap plato was pnt to bed. As Mr. Podsnap stood with his tack to the drawing-room fire, nulling np his shirt collar, like à veritable cock of tbs walk literally pluming him- self ia the midst of his possessions, nothing would have astonished him more than an intimation that Miss Pod- snap or any other young perssm proparly born and bred, could not bc oxaotly put away like tbo (late brought oat like the plate, polished like tbo plate, counted weighed, and valutd like the plate. That such a young psrson oculd possibly have a morbid vaoanoy in the heart JOT anything younger than tho plate, or leas monotonies than tbs plate ; or that such a young person s thought could try to soa'o the region bounded on the north Boutti eist, and weBt, by the plate ; was a monstrous imigi liat.cn wbiob he wou'd on the ^pot have flourished into apace. This perhaps in aomo sort arose from Mr. Pod snap s blushing young person being, so to speak, all chees; : wbereas there is a poisibility t'.at there may bo young persons of a rather maro oomplox or6'ani have beard himself called ''that follow ' ina oortain abott dialogue, tihioh passed b-twoan Mr. and Vn. Jj*rnmle in their opposite corner* of their little carriage rollin; home ! . ¡ j pany. Attend to what I am going to siy. ' j " I hare attended to what you have already ¿aid hare I not T What ciao have I bien doing all tu» night?' '?? -\ '.: . V ; "Attend, I tell yon,'' in a raised voioe " to what I èsn going to say Keep close to ihit idiot girlr <£esp Jier ander your thumb. Yon have her fast, and you are not to let her go.. Do you hear?-' . "I bear yon.' " I forseo thore is money to be mada out of th's,' he- j aidas' taking that fellow .down a peg. We owe each other ' money, you know " Hrs. Lammle winaed a littlo at tbs rotninder, bat only J . enough to shako hor coenU and essences wtew io to the ' atmosphère of the little onrriagp, as sba settled herself nfreuh in her own dark coner. GnAPTBR XII, introduces "Mr. Hoger Ridorhood" io . tho capacity of an informer. He bad walked to the window with his cigar in hi» month, to exhale its flavour by comparing the fireside with .the outnüo, when he Btopped midway on his return iobiâ arm chair, and said : ? " Apparently ono of the ghosts tmvlost ita way, and ?dropped'in to be diieated. Look at this phantom 1 ' lightwood, whoto back was towards tho door, turned Ids head, and lhere, in the dorknoss of the entry! stood asomethinir in tho I koness of a man : o whom ho addressed the not irrelevant iuquiiy, " Who tbe dovil Bro } on J" " I ask your pardons Governors," replied the ghost, in » hoarse doublo- barrol'ed whisper, ' but might either of you be Lawyer Lightwood T1 ( " What do you mein by not knocking at the door ? ' demanded, Mortimer. . '.' I ask your pardons Governors," replied the ghost, As before, but probably you was not aware your do jr stood open " ' What do you want Î . Hereunto the ghost again hoarsely rep'ied, in Its double barrelled m sn nor, "I ask: your pardons, Governors, but might one of you ba Law« or Li J ht woodt" " Ono of os ia " said tho owner of that ñamo. ' " Ail right, QoTorBora Doth,' returned the ghost, carefully closing tho roon door ; " 'tickler busi- ness." Mortimer lighted the oandloi. They showed tho Visitar to bo an ill-looking visitor with a'squintiog Uer, who aa ho spoke, fumbled at an old Bodd<m for cup, formless and mangoy that looked like a furry animal, dog or oit, pupoy or kitton, drowned . and. deosy ing. ' ? Now," said Mortimer " what is it t * " Qoro-nora Both " returned tho man, in what he meant to be a wheedling tono, " whioh on j ou mi¿ht bo Lawvor Lightwood I" .'1 om." _ "Lawyor L'ghlwood, ' ducking at him with a servite air. 1 I Hm a man os gota mr living, and aa seeks to got ruy living, by Ibo sweat of my brow. Kot to risk being done out ot the swoat of my brow, by any ehanoes, 1 should wish afore going further to be aworo in.'* .' I am nit a swearer id of people, man." Tho visitor, clsarly anything but reliant on tbis nsiuranoe, doggedly mutterod " Alfred David." " Is that your name t' nskod Lightwood. " My narnu 1" re.urned the mau. " Ko ; I want to toko a Al fi od David.' (Whioh JSugeue, smoking and conlompUtinghim, .interpreted as meaning Affidavit.) '* I toll yon, my good fellow" soid Ligbtwoid with his indolent laugh, " that I lmvo nothiug to do with BV»o.ring,'' " Do 0'in swear at you," Eugono explained ¡ " and to oau 1. lint wetau'r. do moro for you." Much discomQU'd by this information, tho visitor turned the drowued do« or cat, puppy or kittoo, about J and abott, «nd looked from one of wo Gortirnora Uutli ta the other of the Governor* Both, while he deeply considered «¡thin hirasolf, _At length^he dooU'od i ''Then 1 m7i70i3Tö^~3owiF.,~ "" "Wneret* : naked Lightwood. ! ? " Here, ' »aid «lie man. " ID pen and ink." j " First, let UH know what your bnsicoas is about.". It's aban said the man, taking u step forward, 'ropp ng his hoarse Vi.iei, acd shading it with his hand. " It'i about from five to ton thous ind pound reward. That's what it's about. It's abiut Murder. Tnat's what it's ftbauc." j " Come nearer the table.- Sit down. Will you have a glass of wino T . "Y> s, I will," said tba mang 'and 1 don't deoaivo you Governors." j It was givon bim Making a ftiiT arm to thu elbow, he poured tho wino into his mouth, tilted it into bis right cluck, aa savin"-, ' What do you think of it ?" t l'»d it into his left oheck. as saying " What do you think of it?'j-rkei it into his stomaoh, as suing, ' What do you think of ir?" To carilinda smacked bia lipa, as if all three replied, " Wo think well of it. * " Will you have another ?" "Yea I will," he repeated, 'and I don't deoeive von Oovsrnora." And alto ron sa ted the ot:er proceed inga. " Now," beg.in Lightwood. " what's your name ?'' ' Why there you're rather fast. Lawyer Lightwood," lie replied, in a remonstrant imnnor. " Don't you sie L iwyer Lightwood Î There yoa're a little bit fast. I'm going ti earn from fitre to ten thonsind pour.d br the Bweat of mv brow ; and as a p"H>r man doing j igtio» totbes*eatof oy bro", is it likely I can afford; to pirt with aa much ns my name without it hoing look down?' 1 Deferring to the man's some of the binding po verá of poa and ink and paper, Lightwood nodded acceptance of Eugene B nodded proposal to take tho» spells in hand. Eugene, bringing them to the table, cat down as derk or notary. ¡ " Now," said Lightwood, ** what's your name! ' ; Dut further precaution was still duo to the sweat of this honest fellow's bmw. "1 should wi.h Liwver Lightwood," ho stipulated, ?' (o hare that TMt'ier uorernorarmy witness that whit I tald I said.- Consequent, will the T'other Governor be so good as to ohiiok ms bis samo acd whore he lires V Kugene, oigar in mouth and pea iu hand, tossed him hisoird. After spelling it out slowly, the maa made it into a little roll and tied it up in aa end of his necker- chief still more slowly, I " Now," eaid Lightwood for the third time, "if you have quite completed yoar vari us preparations, j my friend, and have frilly aa-ortsined that your spirits are cool and not in »ny way hurried, what's your name?' . ' Roger Biderhood." . "Dvelling-nlaoo?" "Lime'us Hole." " Galling or occupation 1" Not quite so glib with this answer as with the pre- vious two, Mr. RlderhooJ gave in the definition, " Water- side character." ' Anything against you?*' Eugene quietly pot io, as ho wrote. Rather banlkod, Mr. Biderhood evasively remarked with aa innocent air, that he belived the T'other Gover- nor hod asked him anraraa't "Ever in trouble? ' said Eugene. ! " Once." (Might happen to »ny man, Mr, Biderhood added incidenttllr.) " On suspicion of- ! » " Of seaman's pocket," «aid Hiderhood. " Whereby 1 «ros in reality tho man's best friend, and tried to takn oars of him." " With the sweat of year brow?1' asked Engene, "Till it poured down like rain," said Boger Rider hood. Eugene leaned back in his chair, and smoked with his oyes negligently tamed on the informer, and hid pen ready to rednoe him to more writing. Lightwood also smoked, with his eyes negligently turned on tho informer. ; " Now. let me be took down agata, ' said Riderhood, when lie had turned the drowned oap over and ander, and had brushed it tho wroug way (if it had a right ,way with his sloeve. " I give information that tbs nan thut done tho Harmon Murder is Gafier Hexam, th) m in that found the body. Tae band of Jesse Hexam, com- monly called GiftVr on the river and along shore, ia thé hand that done that deed. Hia han i and no other." Thu two friends glanced at one another with mora serious faces th n they hsd shown yet. Tell na on what i-rounds jou mike thia salutation, ' raid Mortimer Lightwood. ' On the grounds,'1 answered Riderhood, wiping his fsce with his sleeve, " that I was Gaffer's pardner, and suspected of him many a long day and many a dark night. On the grounds that I kno*ed his ways. , On the grounds that I broke the pardnership booamo I see the dinger ; which I warn you his daughter may tell you anothor story about that, for anythink I can sty, hut you know wh-»t it ll be worth, for she'd tell you lies, tho world round and the heavens broad, to save her fi th er. On the grounds that it's well understood along tba cause'ays and the stairs that he done it. On the gronnds that hw's fell off from, because be done it. - On the grounds that I will swear he done it. On the, grounds that you may take me where jon will, and get me sworn to it. I don t want to bick out of the cshae quonocs. I have made up my. mind. Take me any where " * All tbii is nothing,'' said Lightwood, < Nothingf' repeated Riderhocd, indignantly and amazedly. 1 " Merely nothing. It goes to no more than that yon suspect this man of the crime You may do so »itt some reason, or jon may do so with no reason, bat he cannot bo convicted on your suipieion." " Haven't I said-I appeal to the T*othor Governor os my witness-haven't I eaid from the first minute ' hat I opened ray mouth in this here world-without-end overlasting chair" (he evidently used that form of words as next in force ta an nih davit), "that I was willing to swear that ho done it? Haveu 11 said, Take me and get me sworn to it T Don't I say so now? You won't deny it Lawyer Lightwood ?" j "Surely not ¡ but you only offer to swear to your suspicion, and I tell you it is not onoogh to swear to yoar suspicion.' . ' Not onnBgb, ain't if, Lawjnr Lightwood!" ? Le cautiously demanded. ' '' Po.-itively not." .i And did I say it mai enough? Now, I appeal to the T'other Gorcmor. Now, fa'r ! Did I say so?" ! " Be certainly hos not said that he had no more to tell ' Engone observed in a low voice without looking at him, " whatever he seemed to imply.*' " dab t' ' cried the informer, triumphantly perceiv- ing that the remark was generally in his favour, though apparently not closely understanding it, " Fort'rmtt) for me I had a witness !" _ ! " Go on, then,' said Lightwood. " Say out what yon havo to say. No after- thought." " Let me bo took down then 1" cried the informer, eagerly and anxiously. "Let mo be toole down, for by George and tho Draggin I'm a coming to it now I Don't do nothing to keep back: from a honest man tbs fruits of the s »eat of bis brow! I give information, then, that ho told me that lie done it. is that enough I" "Take caro whit yon say, my friend," returned Mortimer. " Lawyer Lightwood, take care, you, what I say ; ; for I Judge you'll be answerable for following it np!" Thon, slowly and omphatiatlly boating it all out with his open right bund on the palm of hit loft;!" I, linger Kidcrhuod, Lime as Hole, Waterside character, tell you Lawyer Lightwood that the man Jesse Hexam commonly dilled upon the river and along-shore Gatter, told me that he done the deed, Whats more, ho told me with his own Uns that be done the deed. Wha '» moro, he said that he done tho dead. And I'll swear ¡tl' ' . "Where did he tell you sol" ! "Outsido,' replied Riderhood a'ways beating out, I with his head determinedly sot askew, and hi ? eye« watchfully dividing their attention between bis two auditor», "outside the door of the Six Jolly Fellowships towards a quarter arter twelve o'otook at midnight but I trill not in my consoidico undertake tí swear toso fine a mitter as five minutes-on tba night when \ ho pioked up tho body. Tho Six Jolly Fellowships stands on the Bpot still The Six Jolly ÜVlowshipa won't run away. If it turns out that ho waru't at the Six Jolly Pell jwahips that night at midnight, I'm a liar " " What did he say ?. "I'll tell you (toko me down. T'other Governor, I ask nobottei). He come out first ¡ I come oat last. I mlcbt be a minuto arter him ; 1 might be haifa minute 1 might bo a quarter of a minuto ; I cannot swear to chut, and therefore I won t. That's knowing tho obli- gations of a Alfred David, ain't itt ' "Go on, ' 1 found him awaiting to «noak to me. He says to mc, ltoguo Kiderhotd '-lor ti nt's tho nama I'm mostly c Hod by-not for any menning in it, for monning it has none, but boauuaj of its bun g similar to Hoger." ' Never mind that" " 'Seuss tn«, Lawyer Lightwood, it s a ptrt of tho truth, and aa suoh I do mind it, nod I must mind it und pasan!Jietwiituirn tho mer io-nigh't.'_ Which they 1i"dl'a<krhlá"d*üifhtar I'"« t'th eirá è71~y6iC''ho said,"" .io chop you over the flojera with ray haifa atretoKa er take a aim at. yow brain-i with my bomhook. I did art on na oant vt. Tour looking too hard at what I hi ? ia tow, aa if yon waa suspioinu«, and on account« of. Tour Inldingon to tho gunwale or mt boat.' I saja, to bim ' GifF-r, I know it.' ' Hi says t- me, ' Ro^uo Rtdorhood, you a-e a man in a i'or'n .-I think ho raid in a s tore, hot of that I am not po8itive, an take the lowest fig iro, far precious be tbe obligations of a Alf'Ol David. ' And, he aar«, ' when .tour fallow-nen ia up bo it their lives or he "lt their watob-s, sharp ia ever tba word with you Had you suspicion* f Is ivs, < Gaffer, I hod ; and what's mire, I luve.' He Mia a shaking, and ha says 'Of what ?. I says ' Of foul p'av.* Hs falls a shaking worse, and he says, ' There to is foul play then. I done it for his money. Don't betray mo !" Toese were tho words »s orer li« used.;' There waa a silenoe, broken only by the fall of tl» ashes in the grate. An opportnnitv which the informer improved by smearing himself allover tba head and neok and face ni h his drowned cap, and not ab all im- proving bis own appearance. " What more?" asked Lightwood. " Of him, d'ye mein, Lawyer Lightwood ?'' " Of anything to thepnrposo." "Now, I'm blest if t understand yon, Governors Both," said tho informer, ina creeping manner: pro- pitiating both, though only one had spoken. 'Aint that euaagh ?" Did yo'i ask him hoff he did it, where he did it, when he did it?' " Far he it from me. Lawyer Lightwood ! I was ao troubled in my mind, that I wouldn't have knowed moro no, net for the sum as I oireot to earn from you by the <weat of my brow, twioa told ! I.had ¡ut au end to the pirdncrahip. I had out the connexion. I o.'ulln't nndo what was done ; and when he begs and (rays, 'Old panlnor on my kneea, don't split upon met I only makes answer ' Never speak nnoth- r wo-d to Hoger rtidtrhood, nor look him in the face 1' and 1 shuns that man.'' ' ' Having given these words a swing to make them mount the higher and go the further, Koguo Itidorhood poured himself out another »loss of wine unbidden, an I seemol to chew it, as, with the half-emptud glass ia Iiis hand, he srared at tho oanoles. Mortimer tlanced at Engen«, bnt ^ugeno Bat glower in at his paper and would give him no responsive glance. Mortimer again turned to the informer, to whom he said : '?You have boen troubled in your mind a long timo, man t" Giving bis wino a final obew, and swallowing it, the informer answered in a single word : " Hage« !" [ " Wheo all that stir was made, when the Government re »ard was offered, wheo the polios were on the alert, when the whole oountry rang with the crime I"., «sid Mortimer, impatiently. ' " Hah I" Mr. KiJerhood very slowly and hoarsely j ohimed in, with several retrospective neda of his head. I " Worn'tl troabled in my mind then 1" [ j " When sonjecture ran wild, when the most |ox ; travagant suspicions were afloat, when half a deiran j innocent people might hare boen laid by tho heels [ any hour in the day !" said Mortimer, almost warming. ' ¡ " Hah I" Mr. Riderhood chimed ia, as before. " Wara't I troubled io my mind through it all J" ' " But he hadn't," said Eugene, orawing a lady's head npon bis writing-paper, and touohing it at inér- vala, *'the opportunity then of earning si muoh money, you see." " The T'other Governor hits the nail, Lawyer Light- wood ! It was that as turned 'me. I had taaoy times and again straggled to relieve myself of the trouble on «ny mind, but 1 couldn't get it off. I had once very nigh got it off to Miss ÁbbBy Fotterson which keeps the Six Jolly Fellowships -there is the 'ouse, it won t ron away,-th re lives the lady, she ain't likely to bo struok dead afore you get there ask her ! - but 1 couldn't do it. At last, ont comes tho now bill with your own lawful name, Lawier L'ghtwooi, printed to it, and then I asks the question of my o*n intellects, Am 1 to have this trouble on my mind for ever f Am I never to throw it off? Am I always to think more of Gafier than of my own self? Jf hes got a daughter, ain't I got a donghter?' ' " Aud echo answered--?? Eogene suggested. " Voa have," said Mr. Iiderhood, in a firm tone, "Incidentally mentioning, at the same time, her age?" inquired Eugene. " Yes, Governor. -Two-and-twenty last Ootobsr. And thea I put it to myself, 'Regarding the money. It ia a pot of money.' For it is a pot," aaid Mr. Rider hood with candour, " and why deny it ?" ' . " Bear ! ' from, Eugene as ho touched lita drawing. " It is a pot of money ; bat is it a sin for a labouring man that meisten« ovory crust bf bread he earns with his tears - or if not with them, with the colds lie oatchos in his bead-is it a sin for that man to earn it? Hay there is anything again earning it. - This I put to my- self strong, aa in duty bound ; how can it bo said with- out blaming Lawyer Lightwood for offering it to be «arned V And was it for me to blame Lawyer Light- wood? Ko." "No,''said Eugene. 1 " Certainly not, Governor," Mr. Riderhood acquiesced. '< So I made'up my mind to get my troabLj off my mind, and to earn by tho sweat of my brow what was held out to me. And whats more,' be added, snddenly (arning bloodthirsty, '' I mean tohive it ! And now I tell you, once and away, Lawyer Lightwood, that Jessie Hexam commonly called Gaffer, bis band and no other, done the deed, On his owa confession to me. And I give him np to yon, and I want him took. Thia night !" Ciur-TEE XIII, desoribos tho adventures of ITcsBrs. Lightwood und Wrayhurn ai aocompaniod by an in- spector of rxilice andRague Riderhood, they plucked td to Gaffer's residence-for the purpose of arresting him, On the shelving bank of the river, amone the slimy stones of a causeway-not the special causeway of tho Six Jolly. Fellowships, which bod a landing-place of its o«n, but another, a little removed, and very near to the old windmill which , was tho denounced man's dwelling placo-wore a few boats ; some, moored and already beginning to float ; others, h anted up above the reach of the tide. Under ono of these latter,'Eugene's companion disappeared. And when Eugene had observed ! its position with reference to the other boats, aud had modo sore'that he aould sot miss it, fae turned his eyes upon tho building where, as he had been told, thd lonely girl with the dark hair »at by the fire. '. ' . . He oould see the light of the fire shining thronjjh the windo*. Perhaps it drew him on to look in, Pfrfcap ho had come out with the express intention. That part j of tho bank having rank grass growing on it, there was no difficulty in getting do e, without any noise of foot- steps : it was but to sor.imble up a ragged taco of pretty hard mud some three or four feet high and come upon the grass and to the window. Ho came to the window hy that means. : 61)0 hod no other light than tho light of tho fir«. Tho nnkindled lamp stood on tho table. Sho sat on the ground, looking at the brazier, with ber fane leaning oa er band. There was a' kind of film or flicker an 1er faoe, whioh'at first he took to be the fitful firelight; bat, OH a second look, he saw that she was weeping, j A sad and soli'ary spoataolo, aa shown him by the rising and the falling of the fire. ; It was a little window of but four pieces of glass, and was not curtained; he chose it bcoiuse tbe larger window near io was. lt showed bim the room¿ and tho bills upon the wall respecting the drowned people start- ing ont mid receding by turns. But he glanced slightly at them, though ho looked long and Btes lily at her. A deep rion piece of colour, with the brown liush of her obeeu and the shining lustre of her bair, though sad and solitary, weeping by, tho rising and tho.falliug of the fire. " ; She started up. He had seen bor so very still, that be felt sure it ros not he who had disturbed her, so morely withdrew from tho window and stood near it in the shadow of tho wal). She opened tho door, and said in au alarmed tone, "Fathor, was that you calling met" And again. "Father I" Andonee again after liston- ] tog, " Father ; 1 thought I heard you call me twice before I ' Mo response. As ehe re-entered at the door, he dropped over tb» bank and tanda Iiis way book, among the oote and near tho hiding-place, to Murtimor Light- wood ; to whom he told what bo had «eon of the girl, and iiow this was becoming v*ry grim, indeed. " If the real mun feels at guilty as I do," said Eugono "hois remarkably uncomfortable." " i nflutnee of searesy '' suggested Lightwood. " I om not at all obliged to it for making my Guy Fawkes in tbo vault > nd a Knoik lu tba aroa both' at once," said Eugene: " Give me some »oro of that siutr." ; ? Lightwood holpod bira to nomo moro of that staff, hut it had boen cooling, und didn't nnswer uow. ! " Pooh," auld Eugene, spitting it out anung tbo adíes. " Tustes like tho wash of thu liver." ; j " Aro you familiar with tito flavour ,of tho wash' of tho river I?, > ' X'fëwîem t\boïo£oigM7Tx telas Iffiïii^eèa half drowned, and á ^allowing a gallon of it. ' "'''Tiiflaêrïoebf looalfty," anggo«ted Lightwood. <'Ton ars mighty loirnod to-night, you and yoor' influenoas.* relorne 1 Engaso. " How long sball we atay foro?'' "HOT loner do y n think?" "If / o-uld choose I should say a minnie," replied Eugeno, " for the Jolly Fellowship Pi rters ore not the Jolliest doga I hai-e known. But I supposa we riVo heat here until they turn us out with the other auapicloui characters, at midi ¡gilt." TtiTeuponlho stirred tho Uro, and sat down on one side of it. It strnok eleven, and he mad* believe to rom poa 3 himself pntienfy. Ru', eradu »liv he took the fidgets in ono leg, and hen in the other leg, and then in one arm, a d then in the othor arm, and than ia his chin, and then <n his b ck, and then in his forehead, and thon in bis ha'r, and then in his nos«; and then he a'retobed himself recumbent on two ohaira, and groaned ; and then ho started up. "Invisible insects of diabolical activity swarm in this place. I ara tiokled and t«itobod all over. Mentally I bavé now committed a burglary under the nieine-t oircumstinccs and tho myrmidons of justice B'O at my heels.' "lam quite as bad,' said Lightwood, sitting up facing him, with a tumbled hetd, after going through sims wonderful evolutions in which his head had been th" lowest part of him. "This restlessness beian with me, long ago. All tho timo you were ant, I felt like Gulliver with tho Lilliputians firing upon him." ' It won t do. Mortimer. Wo must get into th« air ; wo mu t join our dear Mend and brother, Riderhood. And let ua tranquillise onrcölves by making a'compaot. Next lim» (with a view to our peaee of mind) we'll commit the orimo, instead of taking the criminal. You awear it? ' '; "Certainly." , . "S Torn! Les Tippies lsolc to it. Her life's in dancer,". ' Mortimer rang the bell to pay. tho sonre, and Hob appeared to transnot that business wi'h him; whom Ku/ene. in bU careless extravagance, asked if he would like a'situation in the lime trade? .« Thankee sir, na sir," said Bob.. "Ive a good eitiwation bore, sir." "If rou change yoor mind at any time" returned Eugene, 'coma to me nt my works, and you'll alwaya find nn opening in the lirae-kila." "Thankee sir," sa'd Bob. " This is my partner," said Engene, " who keeps the books and attends to the wages. A fair day's wages for a fair day's work is eyer my partner's motto.'' "Anda very good un ¡tis gentlemen," said Bob receiving his f?e, and drawing à bow out of his head with his right hand, very much as he would hare drawn a pint of beor out of the beer en gi re, "Eugene," Mortimor apostrophised him, laughing quite heartily when they were alone again, " how can you be so ridiculous ?" "I am In a ridioulous humour,'' quoth Engene ; " 1 am a ridioulous fellow. Everything is ridiculous. Come along !" It passed into Mortimer Lightwoods mind that a change of some sort, beat expressed perhaps ns an in- tensification of all that waa wildest and mast negligent and reckless in his friend, had. come upon,him in tho last half-hour or so. Thoroughly used to him as he was, ho found something new and strained in him that was for the moment perplexing.. This passed ¡ato h's mind, and passed ont again; but ho remembered it afterwards. " Theres where she sits, yon see,'* said Eugene, when they were standing under tue bank, roared and riven at by the wind. " There's the light of her fire." 'Ill take a peep through the window," said Mortimer. ..No don't!' Eugene caught him by the arm. " Best not make a show of her. Come to our honest friend." He led him to the post of wa tah, and they both dropped down and crept under the lee of the bott ; a better shelter than it had seemed before, being directly contrasted with the blowing wind and the bare night " Mr. Inspeotor at home ?" whisperod Eugene. ' Here I am, Bir. ' I " And our friend of the perspiring brow is at the far corner there ? Good. Anything bapponf d T " His daughter has boen out, thinking she heard him calling, unless it was a sign to him to beep out of the way. It might have been. ' 'It might h »ve beon Rulo Britannia," mu', toro i Eogene, " but it wasn't» Mortimer ?'. " Hero !' (OR tho other sido of Mr. Inspector.). " Two burglaries now, and a forgery ! ' i With this indication of his depressed state of mind, Eurone foll silent. They were all silent for a long while. As it cot to bo flood lido, and the water came nearer to them, noises ou the river became moro frequent, and they listened m ire. To tho turning of steam paddles to tho clinking of iron chain to tho creating of block', t > the mea*uied working of oars, to the ooonstonal violent bilking of som« passing dog on shipboard, who seemed to scout them hing in their biding place. The night was not BJ dark but that, besidos the lights at bows and mastheads gliding to and fro, thoy oould discern some shadowy balk attached ; and now and then a ghostly lichter with a large dark sai1, like a warning arm, would start up vory near them, pass on, and vanish. At this time of their watch ,the water close to them would be eften agitated by some impulsion given it from a distaice. Often they believed this boat and plash to be the bast they lay in wait for, running ia ashore; and again and ag.in they would have started up, but for the immobility with which the informer, well used to the river, kept quiet in his place. i a Tba wind carried away the striking of the great mul- titude of city obnrob clockB, for those lay to leeward of them ; but thiro were bell ito windward that told them of its being One-Two-Three; Withoat that aid they would have known how the night wore, by the falling of the titi'*, recorded in the appcarascb of an ever-widen- ing black wet ttrip of shore, and the emeigenae of ¡the paved causeway from the river, foot by foot. j AB the time so passed, this slinking business became a more and more precarious one. It would seom as if the man had bad some intimation of what was in hand against bim, or hud taken fright ? His movements might have been planned to gain for him, in getting beyond their roach, twelve, houra* advantage? The boncBt man who had expended tho swoat of hi« brow Re- camo uneasy, and bedail to complain with'bitterness of the proneness of mankind to cheat him-bim investod with tho dignity of Labour ! j Their retreat was so chosen that while they oould watch the river, they could watch tho bouse. Ko ono bad passed ia or out, ainoo the daughter thought she heard the f.tthor oalliog. Ko one oould pass in or out without being seen. "Butit will be light at five," slid Ur. Inspector " and then tee shall be seen." " Look here,'1 said Riderhood, " what do you say to this ? Ho may haTc boen lurking in and out, and jost holding his own betwixt two or three bridges, for hours back.*' 1 What do you make of that !" said Mr. Inspector, sto'cal, bat contradioiory. ' He may be doing so at this present tim»." " What do you make of that?" said Mr. Inspector. " My boat s among them boats hore at the canse .ay." "And what do you mako of your boat ?" said Mr. Inspector. '. VVbat if I put off in ber aud take a look round ? I know bu w ITS, and tbo likely nooks bo favours. I know where he'd bj at suob a time of the tide and where he d baut snob another _time. Ain't I boen his pardner; None of you need show. None of you need stir.. I can shove har off with jut help ; and as to me being seen, I'm about at all times." " You might have given a worse opinion " said Hr. Inspector, after brief consideration. " Try it.'' "Stop a bit. Let's work it out. If 1 want yon, I'll drop round under the - Fellowships and tip you a whistle.'! , "If I might so far presume aa to offer a suggestion to my.honourable and gallant friend, whoso knowledge of naval nutters far be it from mo to impoaoh," Eugene struok io with grèttt deliberation, " it would be, that to tip a whittle ia to advertise mystery and invito spéculation. My ; honourable and gallant1 friend will, I trust, excuse" mo as - au independent member, for tbtowing out a remark which I feel to ba due to this bouse and the oountry. . > " * Was tlut the T'other Governor, or Lawyer Light- wood ?" usktd Kiderhoid. For, they spoke as they crouched or lay, without seeing ono anotbers faces. " Ia reply tb the quetti n pat by my honourable and gallant tiiond," said Eugen«*, who was lying on his buck « i th his ha' on his face, as an nttitudo highly expressive of watchfuhiosr, " 1 can have no be>itatton in replying it no-, hoing inconsistent with the pul lio sundae) that tlicBO accents wera tte accoutB of tba T'other Governor ' " You're tolerable go:d eyeor, ain't you, Governor ? You'vo all tolerable good ej«a, ain't you?" demanded tho former. All. "Then if I row up ander tho Fellowships sud lay there«, no ned to whietK "You'll tralca ont that thore'a st spe'kof something or another there, and you'll know it'« me, and you'll como down that o.me'ay to me. Undera'ood a'iî" I Und ratood all. - " Oft* she goes then I" j In a moment, with tim wind catting keaoly at him sideways he was staggering; down to hi t host ; in a few mo'i. cn rs ho was olear, and creeping up the tiver under their i wn shore. Eugene had raised himself on his elbow lo loo't into the darkness after him. "I wish the boat of my honourable and gallant friend,'' ho murmured, lying down again and Bpoukin^ ino his hat, '-may be endowed with philanthropy enough t> turn bottom upward and extinguish ltira ?-Mortimer." "My honou abb) friend. ' "Three burglaries two for¿ories, and a miduight assasainnt'on.' \- Yet in spite of having those weights on his con soience, Eugene was some*h t enlivened by the lat» slight change in the eircumstinceB of affairs. So were his two companions. Its being a change was every- thing. Toe anapen-e roomed to have take a new lease, and to have bt'gun afresh from a roo nt date. There was aoraobhin? additional to look for. They wore all i bree more sbaroly on the alert, und less deaicned by tba rai orab'e influence) of tho place and t imo. More than an hour had passed, and they were oren dozing, when one of the three - each said it was he, and he bad not dozed- raaHe ont Riderhood i i his boat ai the spat agreed on. Tbey sprang up. ca no ont from their shelter, and went down to him. When he saw them coming, he dripped alongside the eaureway ; so that they, standing on the eau e»ay, could a, oak witb him in whispers, under the shadowy mus of the Six Jolly Fellorrsbip Porters fast asleep. " Blest if I can make it out 1' said he staring at them. < Make what out ? Hate you seen him !" "No." " What h-ve you BOJD Î" asked Lightwood. For, he was staring at them in the strangest way. "Ive seen his toat." i " Not empty I" " Tts, empty. And what's more-adrift. And what's more-with one scull gone. Ami «hats more-with t other scull jammed in tho ihiwls and broke short off And what's more the beat's drove tight ty the tide 'atwiit two tiers of barges. And what'd more - ho's in luok again, by George if he ain t ?" {Ta he continued,) 