TIIE CRISIS. To the Editor of Tho Herald. Sir,— I, unlike my Iricnd "Villiers," am a quiet domesticated civil servant. I am not at ell anxious to show myself in Collins street, being naturally not a very sliony man. My perquisites as a Government servnnt lmvo n»«. been sufficient to justify my tailor in turning me out respectably. Nevertheless, I liavo a just cause of complaint. Unfortunately, eome lour months hack I took it into my head to live at St. Kilda to keep away from the noise nnd hustle of a town life, and to take advan tage while there of soa- bathing, thinking that I would every month draw my usunl allowance, nnd by procuring a monthly ticket iu the St. Kilfln 11 nllrvnv tvmilit — <-<4- t. „ i it.. iivutu IU UIIIL'U Ul lilts proper time. How have my hopes been blasted ? I went last month to tlio gentleman who is in the habit of giving me my monthly, and asked him if lie would he kind enough to give it to me this month, and I would pay him nfter tlie crisis. What was the consequence ? . This gentleman, who on every other occasion was so civil and unassuming, actually laughed in my face, nud put this simple question — Do you think I'm inadz Not cxoctly, said I. very much affected, and walked away. 1, Sir, from the fact of having been n long time in tlie Government— employed at sedentary work — have become a pale, thin, weak, and — ia point of fact — nn emaciated object — a fit subject for public sympathy — went to St. Kilda to benefit my health. Have I done so '! There is no doubt, Sir, that I would have been nearly convalescent by this time did I get my nllowancc. But every morning and evening, iu consequence of tlio " crisis," I em to be seen walkiug over Prince's Bridge, to and from St. Kiidn. Yes, Sir, my poor emaciated half self, looking more dead then niive. I think that you will agree witli tne in believing that I am in a mess. Yes, Sir, iu a mess through poli tics, although I havo never dabbled in tlieui. I asked my landlady yesterday morning if I might go and live iu town with some friend till after the dcad-lcek," iu order to save the walk into Jlclbournc, and also to save my life. She said my life was very deer to her until after tiiat time — that she would look after me — tiiat if I ieic in the meantime, she would get n warrant that would soon bring me hack — or safely lodge mo in n first-elass hotel, called " Wintle's." I thought that was very, kind of her, and a tear stole down my cheek aud I walked away. Now that I have made you acquainted with my mise ries, I hope those noodles at the liclm will devise some means to alleviate them ; or- resign, and allow some more competent persons to do so ; otherwise my ghost will haunt them on tho St. Ivilda road on which they daily travel home. Yours, usque ad mortem, M. T. M. 