MARRIAGE NOT A LA MODE. [ FROM ONCE A WEEK ]. Not very long ago, whilst engaged in making some genealogical inquiries, I had occasion to search the registers of St. George's, Hanover-square. Among them I found three dingy volumes, marked A, B, and C, respectively, containing such records as exist of about 7000 marriages which were performed by the Rev. Mr Keith and other clergymen, not in that highly fashionable and aristocratic church, but at a little chapel in May Fair, where the marriage law of the land was as regularly and effectually evaded as it has ever been defied at Gretna Green, or within the precincts of the King's Bench and the Fleet Prisons. The entries in these volumes extend over nearly twenty years ; and although there is a dupli- cate set in the Bishop of London's Registry covering, we believe, a somewhat longer period yet, as these are not readily accessible to the public, a few words upon the subject of their contents, and on the irregular marriages which marked the earlier half of the " Georgian era," may not be wholly void of interest ; at all events in the eyes of our fair readers, to whom marriages, whether a la mode or not, are thought to be matters of some concern, however lightly they may be thought of by the " lords of the creation." It was not until the Council of Trent that the presence of a clergyman was held to be necessary to the performance of a marriage ; but the practical evils which were found to result from secret unions were so great, that it was then resolved by the Western Church that they should not be performed but by a priest, and in the presence of two witnesses. The canon law, how- ever, not being received in this country, all matters matrimonial were regulated by the common law, under which, " whilst in virtue of domestic institu- tions, a form was enjoined for the more solemn ce- lebration of matrimony, and persons departing from these regulations were liable to ecclesiastical cen- sure ; still other and more private modes of con- tracting a marriage were tolerated by the law." Fieri non oportebat ; facta valebant. Hence mar- riages per verba de præsenti, and even per verba de futuro, though informal and irregular, if fol- lowed by cohabitation were regarded as valid, and the ecclesiastical courts refused to annul them. But in spite of all efforts on the part of the Church and the State to prevent clan- destine unions, these informal marriages con- tinued to take place in London under the Tudors and Stuarts. Within a few years pre- vious to 1686, many thousands of such unions were celebrated in London alone, many of them in churches and chapels exempt from the visitation of the Bishop as ordinary. These were called " lawless churches," and the clergy who performed there " lawless parsons ;" but, in spite of hard names and censures, it appears that they drove a thriving trade, and amassed large fortunes. In the Bishop of London's Registry there is an entry showing that the Commissioners for Ecclesiastical Causes, in February, 1686, suspended for three years ab officio et beneficio, one Adam Elliott, Rec- tor of St. James's, Duke's Place, for solemnising marriages without banns or license. This suspen- sion, however, was withdrawn in the following May (on the technical ground, it would seem, that his church was extra-parochial, and not subject to the ordinary), on which the rector resumed his friendly offices, and married, on an average, at the rate of sixteen couples a day. It appears from the register of this chapel that, between 1664 and 1691, there are nearly 40,000 entries, and that on special days the worthy high- priest of Hymen made happy—or miserable—between thirty and forty couples. The old chapel in May Fair, however, is that with which we have more particularly to deal just now ; so let us return a nos moutons. This chapel, which earned the reputation of being second only to that in the Fleet, in respect of what we may be pardoned for styling " Crypto gamia," was built about the year 1730, in conse- quence of the increase of new streets and squares on the north of Piccadilly. The person chosen to offi- ciate there was the Rev. Alexander Keith, who is described by Horace Walpole as having " construc ted a very bishopric of revenue" by his weddings at May Fair, which he had the impudence to advertise in the public papers. His practices, however, gave offence, not without good cause, to Dr. Trebeck, then rector of St. George's, Hanover- square, who, in 1743, instituted against him proceedings in the Ecclesiastical Court, the result of which was his excommunication and committal to the Fleet, or to Newgate—it is not certain which ; though he certainly died in the Fleet Prison, in 1758, after fifteen years' imprisonment. The secret weddings, however, did not cease at May Fair, where Keith fitted up a house as a chapel, and continued to work by deputy, as appears from the following advertisement :— " To prevent mistakes, the little new chapel in May Fair, near Hyde Park Corner, is in the corner house opposite to the city side of the great chapel, and within ten yards of it ; and the minister and clerk live in the same corner house where the little chapel is ; and the license on a crown stamp, minister and clerk's fees, together with the certifi- cate, amount to one guinea, as heretofore, at any hour till four in the afternoon. And that it may be the better known, there is a porch at the door, like a country church porch."—Daily Post, 20th July, 1744. The author of an interesting and scarce work on the " Fleet Registers," states that Dr. Keith's curates here, after his imprisonment, e the Rev. Peter Symson, the Rev. Francis Denevan (both "Fleet Parsons"), the Rev. John Grierson, and a Rev. Mr Walker. While in prison Keith seems to have had a keen eye to lucre, having kept his wife's corpse embalmed and unburied for many months ; a circumstance which he ingeniously contrived to turn into an advertisement of his trade. At all events we read the following in the Daily Advertiser, 23rd January, 1750 :— " We e informed that Mrs Keith's corpse was removed from her husband's house in May Fair the middle of October last to an apothecary's in South Audley-street, where she lies in a room hung with mourning, and is to continue there till Mr Keith can attend the funeral. The way to Mr Keith's chapel is through Piccadilly, by the end of St. James's-street, and down Clarges-street, and turn on the left hand. The marriages (together with a license on a five shilling stamp and certifi- cate) are carried on for a guinea as usual, any time till four in the afternoon by another regular clergy- man at Mr Keith's little chapel in May Fair, near Hyde Park Corner, opposite the great chapel, and within ten yards of it ; there is a porch at the door like a country church porch." The Craftsman for 6th August, 1748, tells us that he turned to a like good account the death of his son, whose corpse " he had carried on a bier by two men from the Fleet to Covent Garden Churchyard. In their progress," says the writer, " they made several halts, and crowds of people assembled to read the inscription, which referred to the father's persecution." In 1753, while a prisoner in the Fleet, Keith had the hardihood to publish a pamphlet styled " Observations on the Act for pre- venting Clandestine Marriages," with a portrait of himself prefixed. The following extracts from the pamphlet, which is now extremely scarce, will serve to amuse, our readers :— " Happy is the wooing that is not long a-doing, in an old proverb and a very true one, but we shall have no occasion for it after the 25th day of March next, when we are commanded to read it backwards, and from that period (fatal indeed to Old England !) we must date the declension of the numbers of the inhabitants of England."—" As I have married many thousands, and consequently have on those occasions seen the humor of the lower class of people, I have often asked the married pair how long they had been acquainted ; they would roply, some more, some less, but the generality did not exceed the acquaintance of a week, some only of a day, half a day," &c.;— " Another inconveniency which will arise from this act will be, that the expense of being married will be so great, that few of the lower class of people can afford ; for I have often heard a Flete-parson say that many have coeo to be married when they have had but half-a-crown in their pockets, and sixpence to buy a pot of beer, and for which they have pawned their cloathes." —" I remember once on a time, I was at a public house at Radcliff, which then was full of sailors and their girls, there there was fiddling, piping, jigging and eating : at length, one of the tars starts up, and says 'D—m ye, Jack, I'll be mar- ried just, now ; I will have my partner, and . . .' the joke took, and in less than two hours ten couple set out for the Flete. I staid their return. They returned in coaches ; five women in each coach ; the tars, some running before, others riding on the coach-box, and others behind. The cavalcade being over, the couples went up into an upper room, where they continued the evening with great jollity. The next time I went that way, I called on my landlord and asked him concerning this marriage-adventure ; he at first stared at me, but recollecting, he said that those things were so frequent that he hardly took any notice of them ; ' for,' added he, ' it is a common thing when a fleet comes in, to have two or three hundred marriages in a week's time, among the sailors.' " He humorously concludes :—" If the present act in the form it now stands should (which I am sure is impossible) be of service to my country, I shall then have the satisfaction of having been the occasion of it, because the compilers thereof have done it with a pure design of sup- pressing my Chapel, which makes me the most celebrated man in this kingdom, though not the reatest." It was not until 1753 that the subject of these clandestine marriages was taken up seriously by the Parliament, when Lord Hardwicke brought in a bill (26 Geo. II. c. 33), enacting that any parson solemnising matrimony in any other than a church or public chapel without banns or license, should, on conviction, be adjudged guilty of felony, and be transported for fourteen years, and that such marriages should be void. It did not pass into law, however, without the most violent oppo- sition. Mr Fox, afterwards Lord Holland, who had himself found a wife in the Fleet, gained such popularity from his fierce resistance to the bill, that (if we may believe Wilkinson's Memoirs) his chariot was dragged along for many days by the populace. He was sup- ported by Nugent and Charles Townshend in the Lower House, and by the Duke of Bedford in the Upper, as we learn from Horace Walpole (Correspondence, vol. i. p. 284.) At length, when he found that all further open resistance was in vain, Fox changed his tactics, upheld the bill with all the additions, alterations and erasures which had been made to it and in it, and, to the infinite amusement of the House, pronounced over it a parody of An- thony's oration over the mangled body of Julius Cæsar. " It appears," says tho compiler of the Fleet Registers, " that the alterations made in the bill were made in order to defeat it when returned for the Lords." Be this, however, as it may, the tactics of Fox and his friends failed ; as, in order to out-manœuvre the oppo- sition in the House of Commons, the House of Lords consented to pass the bill, even though it appeared before them like Banquo's ghost, " with twenty mortal murders on its head." It appears that, while the bill was under debate, it created great popular excitement, and our regret is great that we have no contemporary Punch to refer to, in order to show the actual state of fooling in town and and country. Handbills, however, on the subject were distributed both pro and con, those in favor of the bill urging that secret marriages had been the ruin of many families, that the religious respect for marriage was entirely subverted by them, and that the legal evidence of them was imperilled ; while those on the other side con- tended that Lord Hardwicke's bill would discou- rage marriage altogether, and that it was brought in for the protection of the fortunes of noble and rich persons against alliances with the middle classes. These latter hand-bills endeavored, like Lord John Russell, to make political capital out of the heredi- ditary national hatred of Popery, declaring that it was the Council of Trent which had first annulled clandestine marriages, and made the presence of a priest a necessary condition of every marriage, and that it was " after that excellent precedent" that the bill in question was drawn. As may be easily imagined, the Act for preventing Clandestine Marriages gave no quarter to the marriages at May Fair, which were effectually stopped from that day forward. It is clear, how- ever, that " marriage not a la mode" did not die without a struggle, and that Hymen's high priest was " game to the last ;" for it is on record that on the very day before the act came into force, (24th March, 1754), no less than sixty-one couples were married in the little unpretending chapel. We learn from more than one allusion in Horace Walpole's Letters that this Marriage Bill was the subject of common talk in West End circles for many months before it arrived at the dignity of becoming actual law. Thus in a letter to George Montagu, under date 17th July, 1753, he writes :— " Lady Anne Paulett's daughter is eloped with a country clergyman. The Duchess of Argyle har- rangues against the Marriage Bill not taking place [effect] immediately, and is persuaded that all the girls will go off before next Lady Day.'" In another letter, Horace Walpole relates the following bon not of Dr. Keith, the marriage-broker—who, to do his me- mory justice, appears in his anger to have spoken words prophetic of the future glories of Kensal Green, and the cemeteries of Highgate, Nunhead and Norwood : —" ' God d—n the bishops,' said he (I beg Miss Montagu's pardon) ; ' so they will hinder my mar- rying [trade]. Well, let 'em. But I'll be revenged : I'll buy two or three acres of ground, and, by God, I'll underbury them all !" In the Connoisseur for October, 1754, we find the following witty and satirical remarks upon the effects of the recent Act on Dr. Keith's chapel :— " I received a scheme from my good friend Mr Keith, whose chapel the late Marriage Act has rendered useless on its original principles. The reverend gentleman, seeing that all husbands and wives are henceforth to be put up on sale, proposes shortly to open his chapel on a more new and fashionable plan. As the inge- nious Messrs Houson and Bever bave lately opened in different quarters of the town repositories for all horses be sold by auction, Mr Keith intends set- ting up a repository for all young males and females to be disposed of in marriage. From these studs (as the doctor himself expresses it), a lady of beauty may he coupled to a man of fortune, and an old gentleman who has a colt's tooth remaining, may match himself with a tight young filly. The doctor makes no doubt but his chapel will turn out even more to his advantage on this new plan than on its first institution, provided he can secure his scheme to himself, and reap the benefits of it without in- terlopers from the fleet. To prevent his design being pirated, he intends petitioning the Parliament, that, as he has been so great a sufferer by the Marriage Act, the sole right of opening a repository of this sort may be vested in him, and that his place of residence in May Fair may still con- tinue the grand mart for marriages." Then follows a " Catalogue of Males and Females to be disposed of in Marriage to the best bidder, at Mr Keith's repository, in May Fair" :— " A young lady of £100,000 fortune.—to be bid for by none under the degree of peers, or a com- moner of at least treble the income." " A homely thing who can read, write, cast accounts, and make an excellent pudding—this lot to be bid for by none but country parsons." " A very pretty young woman, but a good deal in debt—would be glad to marry a member of Par- liament or a Jew." " A blood of the first- rate, very wild, and has run loose all his life, but is now broke, and will prove very tractable." " Five Templars—all Irish;—No one to bid for these lots of less than £10,000 fortune." And the article concludes with the following ad- vertisement :— " Wanted four dozen of young fellows, and one dozen of young women, willing to marry to ad- vantage—to go to Nova Scotia." It is as well known that the first Lord Holland, (his wife was Lady Georgiana Caroline Lennox, eldest daughter of Charles, second Duke of Rich- mond), was married in the Fleet, as that Lord Brougham and Lord Eldon were married at Gretna Green. But the following random extracts from the May Fair register-books at St. George's, Hanover-square, will serve to show that, at all events, a private marriage in the little chapel at the corner, with a porch like that of a small country church, was not the low and plebeian thing which at the first blush it might appear to be :— 1753, 20th June.—Lord George Bentinck and Mary Davies, Hanwell. 1748, 23rd March.—Hon. George Carpenter and Frances Clifton. 1749, 14th September.—William, Earl of Ken- sington, and Rachel Hill, Hampstead. 1751, 21st July.—Edward Wortley Montagu and Elizabeth Ashe, St. Martin's Fields. 1752, 30th June.—Bysshe Shelley and Mary Catherine Michell, Horsham. 1752, June 15.—Henry Trelawney, Esq., and Mary Dormer, St. Margaret's. 1751, 25th May.—Hon. Sewallis Shirley, and Margaret, Countess of Oxford. 1753, 7th March.—William Shirley, Esq., and Madalane Julie Le Blanc, St. Margaret's. 1753, 15th March.—James Stewart Stewart, Esq., and Catharine Holloway, of St. Matthew's, Friday-street. 1753, 31st August.—George Montague Martin, Esq., and Elizabeth Berkeley, St. George's, Hano- ver-square. 1752, 15th February.—James, Duke of Hamil- ton, and Elizabeth Gunning. Of e above, it may be remarked that the fifth entry refers to the grandfather of Percy Bysshe Shelley, and that the last entry records an event with which Horace Walpole has made all the world familiar. He writes to Mr (afterwards Sir Horace) Mann, under date 27th February, 1752 :— " The event which has made most noise since my last is the extensive wedding of the youngest of the two Gunnings ;" then describes an assembly at Lord Chesterfield's, where the Duke of Hamilton made love to Miss Gunning ; and procoeds to give an ac- count of the whole transaction in terms which we quote below. That Miss Elizabeth Gunning was the second of three fair sisters, of Irish extrac- tion, without fortune, but nearly related to the first baronet of the same name. Two out of the three were far-famed beauties in their day—twin stars in the world of fashion and rank, as every reader of Horace Walpole will remember. He says that they e generally declared to be " the hand- somest women alive," and is willing to admit the truth of the statement if they are regarded as a pair, though he adds, " singly, I have seen much hand- somer women than either." They could not walk in the park or go to Vauxhall without being followed by such mobs, that they were generally driven away. e day, when the sisters went to Hampton Court, the housekeeper showed the company into the room where the Miss Gunnings' were, instead of into the Beauty Room. Mary, the eldest of the sistrrs, became Countess of Coventry. The story of the second, Elizabeth, shall be told in Horace Walpole's own words :— " About six weeks ago, Duke Hamilton, the very reverse of the earl, but debauched, extravagant, and equally damaged in his fortune and person, fell im love with e youngest at a masquerade, and deter- mined to marry her in the spring. About a fort- night since, at an immense assembly at Lord Chesterfield's, made to show the house, which is really most magnificent, Duke Hamilton made violent love at one end of e room, while he was playing at pharoah with the other ; that is, he saw neither the bank nor his own cards, which were of £300 each ; he soon lost a thousand. I said I was so little a professor in love, that I thought that his parade looked ill for the poor girl ; and could not conceive, if he was so much engaged with his mis- tress as to disregard such sums, why he played at all. However, two nights afterwards, being left alone with her, while her mother and sister were at Bedford, he found himself so impatient that he sent for Mr Keith. The doctor refused to perform the ceremony without license or ring. At last, they were married with the ring of the bed-curtain, at half an hour after twelve at night, at Mayfair Chapel. The Scotch are enraged ; the woman mad that so much beauty has had its effect ; and, what is more silly, my Lord Coventry declares that now he will marry the other. The Duchess was presented on Friday. The crowd was so great, that even the noble mob in the draw- ingroom clambered into chairs and tables to look at her. There are mobs at their doors to see them get into their chairs, and people go early to get places at e theatres, when it is known they will be there. Such crowds flock to see the Duchess pass, that seven hundred people sat up all night in and about an inn in Yorkshire, to see her get into her post-chaise tho next morning." Miss Elizabeth Gunning was not content with a single dukedom, but after the death of the Duke of Hamilton, married John Duke of Argyll, and was eventually created a peeress of Great Britain in her own right, as Baroness Sandridge and Hamilton. An interesting Account of e Miss Gunnings, given verbatim et literatim, as written by the parish clerk of Hemingford Grey, in Huntingdonshire, to the late Mr James Madden, of Cole House, Fulham, will be found in the pages of " Sylvanus Urban ;" and those of our readers who wish for further information about them will find it in Burke's " Anecdotes of the Aristocracy." In a future paper we may possibly place before our readers some interesting matrimonial reminiscences of the old chapel in the Savoy, the Mint, the King's Bench, and the Fleet, our chief authority being Mr J. S. Burns' curious and now very scarce book on " The Fleet Registers," from which we have gleaned a large portion of the facts which we have placed upon record in these columns. SERIOUS ACCIDENT.—A miner at work in the Clunes United Company's claim, was severely injured on Saturday, while incautiously passing irom one division of the shaft to the other, at the No. 5 level, in consequence of the cage which was at work descending upon him. Dr. Robinson, who was promptly on the spot, at first believed the case to be fatal, the chest being crushed and the lungs injured, but he has now hopes of recovery.— Ballaarat Star, June 12. RAILWAY ACCIDENT.—Yesterday morning, at five o'clock, a special train, leaving Sandhurst for Echuca with empty trucks for the conveyance of sheep, dashed through the gate at the crossing at Mundy-street, which, through some inadvertence or misunderstanding, was closed at the time. No damage was done beyond smashing through the half of the gate on the line, but had the engine got off the rails, the probability is that we should have had to record a distressing if not fatal accident. —Bendigo Advertiser, June 12. MODERATE LAW COSTS.—A good idea of the cost of law has been prominently brought under our notice lately. Mr Medley informs us that Mr Fen- ton's bill for preparing the conveyance of the Odd fellows' hall to the borough council was £23 16s, which he succeeded in squaring for £15. At the meeting of the council on Wednesday evening, Mr M'Dermott's bill for examining the title was pre- sented, the amount being £35 9s, which the council, we believe, intend to have taxed. But taking the two bills as presented, it seems that the cost of transferring a building ? such as the Oddfellows,' hall amounts to the very moderate sum of £59 5s. —Talbot Leader. AN ACCIDENT, that was near being attended with consequences of a fatal nature, happened to a man named Richard McLellan, in the forest, on Thurs- day afternoon. He was employed as engine-driver at King's mills, and was driving the engine while a loaded waggon was being hauled up the tramway to the mill, when, thinking the waggon was suffi- ciently high to e discharged of its freightf he shut off the steam. The handle by which this is done, when reversed for shutting off the steam, is caught by a projecting nut or knob ; and, by some means, instead of being caught by this, the bundle slipped over it and into its former position. The engine at once started off again at full speed, and the loaded waggon was rapidly brought up to the tramway, where M'Lellan was standing. Fortunately, at this juncture, the rope by which the waggon was being hauled up broke, so that the waggon lost some of the speed with which it was being hauled up. It had, however, sufficient impetus to complete the distance, and jammed the man up against the rope drum before he could get out of the way. The poor fellow got his hip injured, and his legs and arms hurt, and the left hand jammed badly, the thumb being smashed and the tops of the fingers crushed. He was brought to the hospital, and his thumb had to be amputated. Had it not been for the breaking of the rope, there is no doubt his life would have been sacrificed. He is now doing well, —Kyneton Observer, June 10. 