THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 1865.' In the Legislative Council yesterday, . Mr. Miller brought up a report from! the Standing Orders Committee. Tho ¿report stated that the commUteo did notihjrik if advisable that any alteration should jamada in the «landing order relating to tho absence of membore. The Mining Law Amondmenfc Bill was re- ceived from the Legislative Assembly, and» on the motion of Mr.HisiiVEY, was road a first time. The Hawkers and Pedlars Law Amend- ment Bill was also brought up from the 'Iiowor HouBe, but, after ¿orne discussion, the consideration of tbo message accompanying the measure waa postponed until Wednesday next. Mr. IIeuveï moved the second reading of the Constitution Law Consolidation Bill. Mr. Fellows proposed, as an amondment, that the Eecond reading be taken that day six months. The bon. member contended at some length that tho measure was anything but a consolidation bill. After remarks from Sir. Fawknor, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Sladen, and Mr. Hull,' the amendment was carried by 15 to 4. On tho motion of Mr. Hervey, the Public Works Law Amendment and Consolidation Bill was read a second time. Some piogress was aft« wards made with, the measure in committee. The County Courts Law Amendment Bill waa read a third time. The House adjourned at twenty-live minutes to seven o'clock. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Hioimjotham stated (in reply to Mr. Snodgrass) that the Government intonded to refuse a leaee under the new Land Act ia every case where satisfactory proof could be given of tho parting with the interest of the selector. Mr. M'Coilocii ohtained leave to introduce a hill to authorise the taking of an account of the population in 1800 ¡ and the bill was brought in, and read a first time. ThoHousehaving gone into committee, Mr. Veudox moved a resolution, declaring the expediency of raising a loan, not exceed- ing £600,000, for the purposo of supplying the countiy with water. Mi. Suuivan submitted the details of the Government scheme, which he said embraced the whole of the colony, with the excoption of Gipps Land, Tho works projected would cost about £1,200,000. Of this sum, £160,000 would bo appropriated to the town of Gee- long, £320,000 to the Castlemaine and Sand- hurst district, £120,000 to Maryborough, £100,000 to the Ovens district, £80,000 to Ararat, ¿40,000 to Heathcote, and £40,000 to Daylesford. He proposed that the works should le executed by the state, and that the local jiodies should, levy rates'that would produce kufficient to pay the interest on the outlay] maintain the works, andi reserve a cettnin.suin annually with a view to the extinction of the loan-say, in twenty rho years-wheh the works would b:oome the property o| the localities which they ben (.fitted. An arrangement of that kind, he held, would bl not only satisfactory to all , parties, butwoull ba the means of increasing the wealth of thojeouutry and the comfort of the peoplo. The principle of water supply intended to be alopted was that of storage. The beds of the ¡ivers would be made use of as gathering grounds, and dams would bo constructed in inmediato proximity. With regard to tho water supply to the Castle- maine and Sandhurst district, he intendod to adopt the reclmmcndation of the select committeo onthoCöliban schemes, with one exception, viz., thj dam on tho Loddon, which ho thought could remain in abeyance. The Government protosed to borrow £500,000, and for tho fiat pi! the money to carry out the works they would have* to depend on the Yan Yean revenue, or the autctlnt which the sale of those works would realise. Mr. Sullivan added, that the scheme included the planting of European and other forest trees around the reservoirs aid along the lines of the aqueducts. Mr. O'SiiAKAssij intimated that he should not oppose tho mition,' but should reserve to himself the rlgbl of criticising the Govern- ment bill when itenmo before the House. Mr. Gillies suggested that the loan should be for the full amount which the Government contemplated expending. The revenue de- rivable from the Yan Yean did not exceed £02,000 per amiuM. Ho did not see how the Government coulä, with tbatrovenue, proceed with the construction of works which would cost £TCO,0C0. Ho questioned whether many of the localities would bo ablo to pay eight per cent, on the cost of the works giren to tbem. j Mr. Gbeeves considered the Government Echume a good one in the main, but was afraid that tho expense was considerably under-estimated, ile remarked that caution should bo exercised with regard to ' tree planting, or the water might be polluted with decomposed vegetable matter. Mr, G. Y. Smith expressed the fear that Geelong and the Coliban district would be the first places to benefit by tho scheme, and that tho " hope deferred" under which the Ovens district had Bickened, would have to bo deferred a little longer. Mr. Verdon remarked that it would tako two or threo years to spend £500,000, and when that was accomplished, £160,000 would bo accumulated from the Yan Yean revenue. Under these circumstances, hon. membors woio not justified in assuming that thcro would not bo sufficient funds to go on with tbo works without any pauso., Mr. Verdon added, that hitherto the revenue from tho Yan Yean had gone to the extension of tho workB. Mr. Moose urged that the time was inop- portune for adding to the indebtedness of tho colony. He suggested that the State should do something towards supplementing tho efforts of privato individuals in the direction of water supply. Mr. IticiuitDSON espreBEcd his approval of tho Écheme, so far as Geolong was Con- cerned. Mr. Habker contended that the proposed expenditure should be limitod to the amount expected to bo realised by the sale of the Yan Yean works. Mr. Obb asked how the Government pro pobed to expend the £600,000? Mr. Fit ahcis admitted that it would not be wiso for the rJolony to increase its loan with- out proper cause, But the expenditure now proposed was for reproductive purposes. With regard to private enterprise, he held that that ] could not be relied upon any longer. The bon. member expressed his conviction that by the close of next year the revenue from the Ytin Yean would be £70,000, and thÍB without any increase in the rates. In the discuBBioTi which followed, Mr, M'Lellan, Mr. Zeal, Mr. Kyto, Mr. Vale, Mr. Bindon, Mt. Crews, Mr. L. L. Smith, Mr, Tucker, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Wheeler, and Mr. Levey took part. Mr. Gillies proposed, as an amendment, that the amount of the loan be £1,000,000. Mr. M'CtiLLOon intimated that, if the amendment vrero carried, the Government would abandon the scheme. After some further discussion, the amend- ment was withdrawn, and the motion was »greed to. Mr. Gbkeves moved the third readiug of the FibherieB and Game Statute Amendment Bill. The motion was carried by thiity-one to thhteen. The House adjourned at fivo minutes past twelve o'clock. History, it lias been tiitely said, re- peats itself. Events boaiing a striking resemblance to eacli other do cer- tainly occur again and again, and the paiaílelisnis are so remarkable as to need but little aid from the imagination in tracing them. The historic muse is not, indeed, so poverty stricken and so hopelessly insolvent as to be able to introduce no variety in lier resem- blances ; but tho demi-goddess, true to her design, introduces no more diversity in her revolving cycles than is sufficient to impart fieshness and piquancy to her dramas. It is our distinguishing privi- lege to see repioduced before us, with becoming variations in the actors and events, as aforesaid, the agrarian pro- jects and experiments of ancient Home. As the pride, insolence, and rapacity of the patricians led to the secession of the plebeian tribes, unable longer to bear the insults and injuries which were heaped upon thom, so the blood has been made to boil in the veins of tho chivalrous Don, as ho has observed the solh'sbness, greed, and pride of our bloated squattocracy. As, too, the plebs of Home never wanted a bold tribune to plead their causo, so our "down-trod " den," " horny-handed" sons of toil have never yet failed of a Bekey or a Kytu to plead their causo in our Senate house. And to refer to one grand parallel, which, for the present, throws all others into the shade : as the luckless and landless commonalty of Rome ultimately found themselves under the protection of the illus- trious Gracchi, so have ours found themselves championed and protected by a James Macpherson Grant. As " comparisons are odorous," it would not be discreet to trace a parallel between the moral excellences of either of the noble Romans and those of our illus- trious contemporary statesman-we must leave it to be imagined. Who can doubt, however, that as the daughter of the great Scipio gloried in her sons as her richest jewels, so may the mother of our great Land Minister have predicted with pride the splendid future which was before her "promising boy," when he should unmake a squatter with one stroke of his pen, and tenify the whole race of them by his exploits at Hamil- ton and Camperdown ? "We can pursue the parallel no further. Heio, indeed, is one of the diversities of which we have -spoken. Unlike the Gracchi, our great Gkant has nothing to fear from the vengeance of the squatter lords. They aie too completely at his mercy to effect anything in the way of (revenge. The most that any of them |can do is by means of "dummies" and "mediums," to endeavour to se Íie themselves, in some degree, against o wholesale confiscation of their tate's with which they aro threatened, ljut if we may, with bated breath, utter arword of remonstrance to so august a parsonage as our Minister of Lands, we w^uld ask, was he invested with the seals ofi office that he should put up to a scramble our national domaiii ia such pojtions and localities as it might happen to'please him, although it should be to fhe injury of ono of the great pro- ducing interests of the country, and al- though itmight fauto secure .any counter- balancing advantage ] It will be said by the Minister of Lands and the Minis- try that the land is passing into the linds of lona fide agriculturists. Mr. (Vrant stated in the Assembly, that Itbree-fourths of the selectors are of\ this character. "We challenge the frith of the statement, and aver our imjressions to tho contrary. Moro probaby three-fouiths of the lotteriedlots are takln up by speculators. One fact, it is sail, is worth a thousand arguments. Here, tien, is a fact for Mr. Gkant and the Cabiiet. More than twenty bona fide cultivate« of the soil went up to Cam- perdown! with the hope of obtaining farms upln which to settle. These men were in eVery case possessed of pioperty in faimiur implements, and sufficient in cash to mabie them to cultivate and fence tho lots which they might obtain. Of thowhae number-exceeding twenty, as we havi said-only one succeeded in drawing a Jrize. After lying in a field at night, belausBunable to obtain shelter, the rest retvrned, haggard and careworn, a distance ol moro than a hundred and fifty miles, w their former homesteads. Admitting nat this is an exceptional and extraordiiary case, what guarantee does the Land Act give that it shall not recur again Ind again j and what se- curity does itWfer that tricky and un- scrupulous lanl gamblers shall not gain possession of tie most valuable portions of the national estate, not only to the injury of the squatter, who may have been gratuitously and wantonly ousted, but als) to the dissipation of a sourco of iublic revenue, which, rightly husbandld, would have been all but inexhaustible? The reply which will bo given to this question will bo the same as that gitan in the Assembly : " that tho Government will not bo com " pelled to issue leases where the condi " tiona have not ijeen complied with." It may be predicted, however, that the Government will fiad themselves power- less to withhold t&em.; The ingenuity which has been so successfully exorcised already in taking up xreas for speculative purposes will not be less successful in evading the intentions of the act after the preliminary conditions have been complied with, and it will be beyond the power of any Government, and perhaps be contrary to the disposition of the Government which may succeed the pre sent, to enforce compliance with the re- quirements of tho act before a permanent title is given. Other attorneys are to be found as astute as Mr. Gbant, who will doubtless discover the means of defeating all his plans for enforcing the provisions of the act upon which, ho has founded his claim to immortality in the history ©f the country ; and if the present system is not speedily altered, the department over which Mr. Giiant pre- sides will require a machinery for the inspection and management of the lands under lease so complicated and involved, and so cumbrous and expensive, that to endure it would be fouud as great an evil as to allow the lessees of the areas who have failed to fulfil the conditions upon which they obtained them to profit by their ^default. Our recent attempts at land legisla- tion have been moat unfortunate. The obligation to frame a Land Act was no doubt imposed upon the present Go- vernment by the failures of their predecessors, and it was scarcely at their option whether they would adopt the present system or some other resembling it. Perhaps we might go further, and admit that they did their utmost to frame an act which would facilitate the Lona fide cultivation of the soil. 'In the face of all the ex- periments which have been made, how- ever, they must be moro obtuse than other mortals if they do not perceive, and moro obstinate than others it they do not acknowledge, that their efforts have proved abortive. Any further ox periments of a like kind would prove ¡ as unsuccessful as those which have been already made. Wo shall be shut up at last to the auction system as the only one which is fair and un- objectionable in securing to the state an equivalent for the land perma- nently alienated. It has been shown, clearly enough, that the desire to become agriculturists does not so gene- rally prevail among our population as was thought. It has been found, too, that farming is not that profitable occu- pation which many havo believed it to be. Any attempt, therefore, to offer a premium for agriculture by delusive offers of land for the purpose, is not only directly at variance with the public interests, but in most' cases with the interests of those also who may be tempted to rush into the pursuit without possessing the requisite training and capital. The auction system could be so managed-as a correspondent in to-day's issue shows-as to admit of the purchase of land by those desirous of obtaining it for bona fide cultivation, and would not, like the present plan offer a premium for chicanery anc fraud. The auction system, too, would save our Minister of Lands noa exhibiting so publicly to view hu private virtuest and the Governmeni, of which lie is a member, from tie odium attaching to them for setting m a demoralising state lottery. Pendirg the sale of the public lands by aui tion, the Government might secure fron the squatters a fair rental by pubic competition, at stated periods, for tie lands which they occupy. By the opcrt tion of the present system, a cruel injts tice has been inflicted upon many, wlo, if rich, are certainly as entitled to yro tection against gratuitous injury as the poorest labourer who handles the uck and spade or breaks stones in our thoroughfares. The progress report of the Comiritee on the Defences is a very harmless ¡flair, and should be exceedingly gratifyig to those miserable newspaper- penny-a-lners who cautioned Mr. O'SHANASSY a/iinst putting too much confidence in such aids to legislation. The documot, as such documents generally are, is angu- larly successful in evading tho main object of the dispute ; and altgether the committee has avoided comiitting itself in a very masterly tanner. So far, every ingenuityjias beenshown in leaving untouched the moot- pints of the lund and the location of Ihe de- fences, whether they are io be iloating or .stationary, whetlir they shall be at the Heads, or conçntrated in the neighbourhood of Willitnstown. The chief disadvantage of tl¿ exces- sive caution is, that the pwpect of the benefit to be derived j'om. the combined wisdom of Mr. O'Ecanassy and his colleagues is not ver reassur- ing, and the progress report ja left so sadly in rear of the general dbate that at the present rate of progresan it will take considerable time befo3 it over- takes the foremost speakers o the sub- ject. On the other handj there is some satisfaction in feelinj that the committee, if as yet they d not offer any original advice to le House, formally recommend it to.'adopt the result of its own delibeition. The House is urged to do tho only thing which it had evidently mdo up its mind from the very first todo, namely, to send home without delà.' for ammu- nition, and to enlist tho'co-operation of the home authorities ii the general system of defence. A dpoet silence is maintained for the pisent on the subject of a central p, and the only intimation given tat the sub- ject of fixed batten* had been mentioned at all in ka committee room, is a mysteriös hint about future boring operatiop in the va- rious channels. But nough nothing I specific is said of the'construction of I fortifications, the commice aro wonder- fully unanimous iii misting upon the necessity of importing j ltoyal engineer to superintend thom, [ajor Schatcii ley's hint in this rest 3t has not been lost, and if Major Sen, 'CULEy's scheme is to be adopted, prob )ly there will be some poetic justice n making him watch over its executi 1. The proposal that a member of the pisent Government should go home to fe}h him, suggests altogether another cite of reflections. That we should hap a representa- tive in England, and that that repre- sentative should be j member of the English Parliament,] duly accredited, to act in our iorest,' and hold- ing a position, iujfact, somewhere between an agent and an ambas- sador, has been so offen insisted upon in these columns, that ve cannot credit the committee with thl discovery. But the question is, would 1 be necessary to make a personal selectan of the candi date for the office ? Or, having selected him, would it be necessary to stimulate his efforts by the presence of a mem- ber of the present Government at his elbow? Would the War-office be likely to pay more attention to Mr VtRDON than to Major Soratchley if the country determined upon fitting out an embassy for him 1 Or, in fact would there be any occasion for Mr! Verdon or any other member of the present Governmenfto make a sacrifico of himself 1 Of the justice and equity of an appeal for assistance to the mother country, there can be no question. It is only fair that if she creates enemies for us, that she should help us to defend ourselves from them. But the danger of relying solely or mainly upon such an appeal, we confess, seems more imminent to us than it apparently did to the committee. If this is all the advice they have to give us if this is to be the net result of their'de- liberations, then all wo can say is, the progress reports are in a fair way of de- feating their object, and promise to be- come an easy method of shelving the de- fence question, instead of solving it. The policy of merging the perplexities of the problem in an application to England for aid may satisfy the committee j but wo suspect the Parliament will require to be convinced of the propriety of leaving ourselves defenceless till we can ascertain how much the War-office will undertake to contribute to our defences. If we accept the proposal to get the guns, the recommendation of the com- mittee to make our own gunpowder is so far the only practical feature in their report, and if their efforts in this direc- tion are attended. with success, it will help to remove the impression of in conclusiveness which attaches to the rest of their deliberations. As it is, we can afford -to be content with the present instalment, with (the prospect of the mail bringing us a despatch to pre- cipitate legislation on the subject. Indeed, not the least advantage to be derived from a more punctual packet system will bo the settlement of such international difficulties as this. Tho Constitution Law Consolidation Bill was rejected by the Legislative Council la3t evening, on the motion for second readi ng, by fifteen to four. Seven petitions against the sewerage and water clauses of the Public Works Law Con- solidation and Amendment Bill wore pre- sented to the Legislative Council yesterday. The queation of the independence of the judges will be discussed in tho Legislative, Council this evening, in connexion with the motion for the second reading of the Supremo Court Law Consolidation Bill. A motion affirming the expediency of raising a loan of £500,000 for water- supply to the country districts, was carried in com- mittee of the Legislative Assombly last evening. The two bills to amend the law relating to -imprisonment for debt-the one a Govern measnre and the other introduced by Mr Frazer-arc to be amalgamated ; and the Attomoy-General proposes to accomplish the amalgamation, this evening, in committee of the Legislative Assembly. The select committee ot the Legislative As- sembly, appointed on the 31st March last, to examino and report upon the capabilities of the Cope Patterson coal-fields for supplying the colony, and the best means of rendering the fields available, brought un a nrorrrp?« report last evening. The report statsd: "Your committee has had evidence given to them that the parties now in possession of a part of the Cape Patterson coal-fields have stopped their works, in consequence of the great cost and almost impossibility of ship- ping coal at Cape Patterson. An excellent shipping place for vessels drawing not more than fifteen feet of water, available at all seasons of the year, exists in Western Port Bay, at a distance of about seventeen miles and three quarters from the present coal workings, a3 shown by the plana and report of the engineer. A railway could bo con- structed between the two points for locomo- tives for a sum varying from £70,000 to £100,000, and for horse-power for from £30,030 to £80,000. From the evidence before your committee as to the coal-seams already dis- covered, and the strong reasons adduced by various witnesses that larger and more valu- able deposits of coal may be expected to be found by further research, your committee is of opinion that further assistance should be given by the Government. This assistance might he best rendered by aiding prl vato enter- prise in constructing a lino of railway to the above-indicated shipping place at Griffiths' Point, as some of the present lessees declaro their willingness to woik the present seams of coal if they had a railway. Your com- mittee thereforo recommend that one-third of the cost of a lino of railway and shipping place, in addition to any Crown lands re- quired for the construction of such Uno, should be guaranteed to a private company constructing the same to the satisfaction of the Government." The treasurer of the Ladies' Leichhardt Search Committee begs to acknowledge tho receipt of subscriptions amounting to £102 11s. 7d. Jurors summoned to attend trials before his Honour Chief Justice Stawell must attend in the New Court-house to-day. In tho Old Court-house, the Criminal Sittings begin to- day. In the Supreme Court yesterday, before his ITonour Chief Justice Stawell, the actions of Thain v. Bodgionaiià Thain v. Howie neve dis- posed of, and that of De La Chapelle v. 'Downie partly heard. The first was an action on a bill of exchange accepted by Miss Frances Hodgson. She proved that hor acceptance was an accommodation acceptance, given to secure payment of another person's promissory-note, since paid. The verdict was in her favour. The second case involved similar facts to those in the first, and tho record in it was withdrawn, lo the third case, the late occu- pant of the Alhambra " assembly rooms" sued his landlord for n wrongful eviction from those rooms, and proved Iosb of large profits, thoreby. A nonsuit point was raised, which threatens to be fatal. The case was nott finished yesterday. Mr. Langton, the secretary of the Freo-trado League, lectured at Cheltenham, on Tuesday evening. There was a good audience, consist- ing largely of market- gardoners. Amongst this class protectionist opinions appear to pre- vail. Nevertheless, a most patient hearing was given to the lecturer, and a great many ques- tions were proposed to him, including, of course, the stock inquiry, " What is to ha done with the boys?" These having boon .answered to tho satisfaction of a majority of those present, a hearty vota of thanks waa given to Mr. Langton, anú the proceedings terminated. A very encouraging and successful meeting in connexion with the Molbourne and Sub- urban City Mission was held In the St. Kilda, Town-hall on Tuesday night. The hall was crowded to excess. Tho chair was taken by Mr. J. M'Bain, M.L. A. The four missionaries were present, and addressed the mooting, giving a short account of their labours in the various districts in which tboy aro employed. The plain unvarnished mattete oí fact which they brought forward were such as to show the urgent need of the mission. Tho various denominations wore well repiesentod, and the speakers strongly advocated the claims of the mission on the sympathy and liberality of the community. A concert will be given this ovoning in St. George'e-hnll, in aid of St. Mark's School builf-ftg fund. Tik^'neral of the late Mr. Brabazon Parc3.% sok place yesterday. His remains were intoned in tho Kew Cemetery. Tho deceased was n colonist of twenty-four years standing, and was much respected. A large -concourse of friends assembled to accompany his remains to the grave. It will be learned with much regret that Mr. Hurtle Fisher's great horse, Fisherman, died jesterday morning, between three and four o'clock. The loss of such au animal ia doubtless very hard upon his owner, but it .will be generally considered that it is no less a loss to Australia, in our hopes of improving, hy means of imported sires of high quality, the character of the thoroughbred horse in the Southern Hemisphorc. A coirespondoDt mentions an instance of tho gross injustice too often perpetrated on our local philanthropic institutions. On Thursday last a decrepid old woman (Margaret Coffeo), aged seventy, was brought from the Kilmore Hospital, whero Bhe had been an inmate, suffering from blindness and debility, for ad- mission to the Benevolent Asylum. The old woman, when brought before the committee, being unable to stand, had to be accommo- dated with a scat, and tho house steward of the Kilmore Hospital, who accompanied hor, Btated that, he liad been ordered to bring her down, and could not take her back, although ho had been written to by the superintendent informing him that there was no vacancy, and that for fivo weeks past, on an average, fifteen applicants were obliged to bo refused for want of room. On his being asked by the committee to wait until thoy could seo if any arrangements could bo made, ho left tho institution and the woman, for whom accom- modation had poi force to be rando. Wo may mention that tho application-paper was signed " J. K. Trainor, life governor." By tho Lincolnshire, a number of singing birds have arrived, consisting of skylarks, thrushes, blackbirds, and canarios; as well as Dorking and bantam fowls, threo dogs, seve- ral ferrets, and some grey parrots. Most of these havo been selected by Mr. Thatcher. The woman Honora Hooten, who attempted to commit suicido at Emerald-hill, on the 1th inst., by cutting her throat with a razor, , died on Tuesday at the hospital, from tbo eflccts of the wound, and an inqueBt was held on the body yesterday by tho city coroner. John Kcesham, a storeman, said that tho deceased was sister of his wife, and was aged thirty-nine years. She was a widow, and worked as a laundress. Her house was next io that occupied by witness at Emerald-hill On the night of the Gth inst. he bailed her ont of the Emerald-hill watchhouso, where she was locked up on the charge of dronkcnue6s. She was a determined drunkard, and bo had several times bailed her out when locked up on this charge. He had known her to suffer from delirium tremens from drink. On the morning of the 7th ho tailed her at nbout seven o'clock, but received ' no answer. The door was fastened on the inside. He went again in a quarter of nu hour, hut could get no reply to his call. | {shortly afterwards deceased came into his howe, and sat down by the fire. Sho was / dressed as usuol, but held hor apron up to her threat. It wa3 not very light in the room, and at first witness did not notice any- thing amiss ; but the window blinds being' drawn up, and more light admitted, ho could seo that there was blood upon her arm. He called the attention of his wife to de- ceased, when it was found that blood was flowing fast from u wound in her throat, He ran for a doctor; tho wound was dressed ¡ and deceased was eventually taken to the Hospital. On his asking her who had cut her throat, she replied that she had dono it her- self. The razor produced belonged to hor late j iuBband. It was found beneath her pillow. The sister of deceased also stated that de I ceased had told her that tho wound was in I flicted by herself. She drank whenever she I could get money ; and witness had several times seen her in " the horrors" from drink. The jury found that deceased died from the effects of a self-inflicted wound. The business at the Eichmond Police Court jesterday was of a very light nature. Louisa Blight summoned Bose Tucnett, to show ?cause why she should not bo bound over to ieep the peace. It seemed that some dispute had arisen touching the marriage of defen- dant's daughtor, and this led to au alterca- tion, in which strong language was used ; but the Bench did not think it necessary to bind the defendant to keep the peace, and the caso was dismissed. Tho presiding magistrates vero Messrs. Templeton, BosiBto, and M'Crae. Tho Brunswick Bench were engaged nearly ile hours yesterday in disposing of a num- ber of small debt cuseä and minor offences. The only one of interest was that in which Mr. Williumi Pender charged Daniel Brady, dhs Bradley, with absconding from his hired service. This case had been remanded from last court day, to obtain the opinion of the Minister of Justice on some moot point, having referenco to the action of the Fitzroy, Bench in adjudicating upon a case in which Brady had obtained from that court a sum- mons for wages due, subsequent to receiving odo for absconding from the service of fender, and which was arranged by Mr. IBuigan, the clerk of the court, to bs heard before the summons iBsuod by the Brunswick Court waa returnable Mr, Bead appeared for Mr. Pender, and stoted that he had asked the Fitzroy Bench to havo the case remanded to Brunswick to bo heard M a cross-summons, and produced documents in Bupport of the truth of his representations. His application was refused, and Brady got a Verdict, No reply to the question submitted for the opinion of the Minister of Justice having been received, and the Bench being «Peed, Mr. Pender came off victorious, und ?Brady was sentenced to one month's imprison I merit, l The ararat Advertiser supplies the foliow j Jug -" On Friday last the revolutions of the loltiry.be ; at the Land-office cast to the Bur «U' the > .tmo of a gentleman called Alex « ¡»dufte 'ù, who had made his Bignature by »«ino r Mt stenographic symbol which is Wpnhrl >posed to represent allpatro iytuu u,v.-. Mr. Keith was called at i At lou ll>-, next vehemently, and then fhnattiiinsiy. ThewftHing selectors ban °M tliu name about, and curiously «umlud tho movements of the ex Pet tant "iowd, to learn who the fa ^unt,. of fortune was who was now in- ' «ted to take possession of 610 acres, and be como a yeoman and a stay to his adopted country. ' No appearance' was on the lips of the impatient officer, when a gentleman, who I «erned to have but just awoke to find him 11 famous, staggered through tho crowd, ?W declared himself the veritable pro prietor of the cognomen. Mr. Keith wore a blue sergo shirt and billycock hat, mole- skin trousers, and laceless laceups; the collar of the shirt was unbuttoned, and displayed to the best advantage a muscular throat, which, with his face, gavo evidences of having been browned under Tasmanian suns, as well as by ours of Victoria. Having rolled into the office with a disdainful glanco at the constable, he informed the clerk that he wanted an ' arey,' but being told that an area was rather too much of a monopoly, the ambitious selector became wishful to know if the land was on the Geelong side, patheti- cally and confidentially remarking that he wanted a slice of old --'s run, ' you know.' Mr. Keith was told that tho areas open for selection were not on the Geelong side, and one of the obliging officials placed a plan before him, showing tbo lands on which he was free to choose a future home. The selector looked vacantly nt the map, but at length became attracted by a bright (¿reen allotment, I which at once won his capricious fancy, in- dicating as it did such luxuriant herbage; but much to his disgust he found that 'tho green lot ' had been already selected. At length he fixed on a yellow section, and de- clared his intention of resting satisfied with tbo choice. The description and area of tho land chosen were called out, and Mr. Keith waa requested to move further over and pay his money. 'Pay?' queried the fuddled but startled bona fide, ' I got no money (hie), old un ; thought it was free selection, you know.' Mr. Keith was immediately shown the door, towards which Mr. Keith very leisurely retired; and through which he called to know if the ' coves ' would just keep him that 'ere lot till ho relumed." Surely (says the Riverine Berala) the good times have not passed away yet ! We were much amused yesterday at being shown by a squatter an account against n workman em- ployed by him, furnished by a publican in Echuca, for a two-days' spree. From this uniquo document it would appear that in that short space he had been provided with 128 nobblers, one gallon of ale, one bottle of the same beverage, and ono bottle and half pint of gin ! With all this " intolerable quantity of sack," we find that in the same space of time, goodness only knows how, he managed to consumo seven breakfasts, four dinners, and three teas, and, as he chose to go home royally, he is further debited with cab hire to the amount of 25s., and 5s. toll, which had also been liberally paid for him. The following is from the Kyneton Guardian :-"The district coroner held an inquest at the Carlsruhe Hotel, on Monday last, on the body of a man, name unknown. It ap- pears that on Monday morning Mr. James Black, farmer, at Carlsruhe, saw the dead and naked body of a man lying on the ground, with his blankets rolled up by his side, and his clothes lying at his feet. The man ap- peared to be a perfect stranger, and was about five feet seven inches in height, thirty-five years of age, and of light complexion. His clothes consisted of a drab reversible coat, dark woollen trousers, flannel vest, woollen comforter, blucher boots, and worsted stock- ings. A little girl named Mary Ann James had seen what was probably the body about eight o'clock on the previous morning, al- though a dog posted near the clothes had barked at her, and prevented her seeing accurately by frightening her away. The Rev. B. Scott also gave evidence that, at two o'clock on Sunday afternoon, while riding near the spot, his horse shied at the bare legs of a man lying on tho ground, and threw him. There was some covering over the re- mainder of the body ; but witness, thinking that it was some person in drink, took no further notice. He saw a shepherd's dog, without a collar, near the body. Dr. Smith gave it as his opinion that death had re suited from exposure and starvation, Friday night being extremely cold and frosty. The man had probably been suffering from delirium tremens. There were no marks of violence on the body. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the evidence." The following is from tho Portland Chronicle: -"By the Edina, this morning, Franz Zim- merman, a tradesmtm of this town, waB re- moved to Mtlbourno as a dangerous lunatic. It appeals that on the opon in of the first agricultural areas at Hamilton, Zimmerman was among those who must needs go and try their luck. The lottery to him was a moBt unfortunate ono; not only did he fail in securing land, but the excitement of the occasion, acting on a system predisposed thereto, brought on a violont attack of in- sanity. He waa conveyed in thiB state from Hamilton to Portland, and placed in the keeping of his wife and frionds, who have u6ed every means to restore him to his right mind, but without effect. About threo years ago he suffered from a similar attack, and what is somewhat remarkable, it was brought on by a visit to Hamilton during the excitement of a contested election." The Mount Alexander Mail says ¡-'"Writing on the subject of ghosts, a correspondent sends us the following mysterious para- graph :-' If a lal gc number of persons aro to be believed, there is a noted '" bleak " honso situate not a hundred miles from tho junc- tion of the Campbell's Creok and Tarrengower roads, which for some months past has been the sceno of nightly visitations of rostlesB souls who have re-ciossed the Styx. The tenant of the house is a brawny blacksmith, not likely to be easily scared ; but both ho and his family maintain that, in a certain room of tho house there are nightly Buch strange goings on-such unearthly noises, such jumping about of chairs and tables, accompanied by strange moans and groans that it is impossible for any of them to sleep ; yet, on entering tho room, all is as quiet and still SB tho air when the winds are hushed. No sooner, however, is the door of tho apartment closed than the pranks and frolics are resumed with redoubled vigour, nor ceaBo till daylight does appear. It is currently reported that incredulous neighbours have passed portions of the night in the house, and that the ex- perience of all verifies the statement of the blacksmith, Among tho number of persons alluded to is an energetic member of the borough council and a well-known Bonifaco, bom of no pale-faced fear. It is further stated that an appeal haB been made to a celebrated nautical captain of the district, whoso long acquaintancn with Father Nep- tune, it is supposed, may have made him sufficiently knowing as to enablo bim to exorcise these airy visitants 'from the abode of their present midnight revelries. In the meantime, it 1b a fact that the blacksmith is about to seek other quarters, whore, it ¡b to be hoped, his slumbers may be as calm as an infant's upon its mother's breast.' " "Many of our readers," says the Geelong Adverliier,'"took an active part in raising the ' Jane Duff Testimonial Fund,' and they will be pleased to leam that the total amount of donations, with some accruing interest, which has been invested at six per cent, in the names of the trustees (Messrs. G. F. Belcher and J. Guthrie, of Geelong, and Alex. Wil- son, of Vectis), is now £304, the appropria- tion of which as decided at the public meet- ing being this-two-thirds to tho eldest, and the remainder divided between the younger children. Jane has been placed at a board- ing-school in Hexham, and the thirty pounds chaTged for her board and edu- cation in made up of the £12 of yearly intorest, and tho very liberal contrlbu tion of £18 from Mr. Wilson; and steps are now being taften to place the others at a school. Tho movement for the recognition and reward of an act of self devotion, raro at any age, and especially noticeable in ono so young, originated in a spirit of genuine kind heartedness, was carried out with energy that nover dreamed of failure, and its success has been worthy of its promoters and supporters, many of the latter being children like the heroine, and to whom tbo very act of giving in such a causo baa boen a lesson for life, and possibly a stimulus to urtue that in similar trying circumstances may guide to a like happy result." " The following," Bays the ararat Advertiser, " is a copy of a telegram forwarded to the Government yesterday by the Ararat Mining Board, in refere- neo to the withdiawal of cer- tain lots in tho area of Tatyoon, which is advertised for selection this morning :-' Tho Mining Board has not inspected tho area of Tatyoon, and is unable to determine what allotments should be withdrawn, and recom- mends that the whole area should 08 reserved from sale foi a short period, till such inspec- tion shall havo been made, and till the result of the boring operations now in progress bo known. The board is the more compelled to recommend such withdrawal as tho Land Act is being ovaded here-nearly all the land is passing into the hands of speculators and mediums.'" Tho Warrnambool Examiner of Tuesday, furnishes the following particulars of the cold-blooded murder at RuBsell's Creek: "One of the most atrocious murders ever committed in this district, and equalling that of poor Constable O'Boyle, took place on Saturday evening last, at Russell's Creek. The victim, James Sweeney, died at the hos- pital yesterday morning, and an inquest was held on his body at that institution, boforo the police magistrate and a jury of twelve, last evening. It appears that James Sweeney, his murderer (a man named Thomas Mey naid, or 'Yankee Tom'), John Haw, and John Wales, were all in tho employ of Mr. John EvanB, the contractor, and slept In separate bunks in a house close to their employer's residonce. On Saturday oven ing, Wales, Sweeney, and Haw went to bed about tho usual time. Meynard was lying 'on his bunk, undressod. Between eleven and twelve o'clock Haw was awoke from his sleep by hearing two shots fired, and a scream, and on looking around he saw Meynard pointing a pistol at him. Meynard told him to bo quiet, that he did not want to hurt him, and then fired .at poor Sweeney, who was lying on his bed wounded, and who then evidently received the third shot. Haw and Wales then went outside after Meynard, but returned to dress themselves, and whilst doing so Meynard seems tohave returned, and fired a fourth shot, but without effect, after which no further trace has been seen of him. Sweeney was then assisted to Mr. Evans's residence. Dr. Boyd found Sweeney Buffering from three distinct wounds, from one of which he extracted a conical bullet. Sweeney was as speedily as possible conveyed to the hos- pital, where he died in great agony. The only cause assigned for the murder is, that Sweeney and Meynard had a quarrel whilst at woik on Saturday, when Meynard took up a pick to strike the other, but was prevented. It is supposed that Meynard then waited until Sweeney was asleep, when he deliberately shot him. Tho parties appear to have been perfectly sober during tho evening. Tho de- ceased was a single man, and aged about twenty-six. A verdict of 'Wilful murder' has been returned." Tho Lytlelton Times has tho following: " Tho problem of preparing the nativo flax ' plant, bo that it can be utilised as an article of general employment, seems, after so many trials, all more or less resulting in failure, to be in a fair way of being solved. A similar difficulty has often been experienced with re- gard to articles which are now brought into universal use, and even form a considerable portion of manufacture and of exportation. When the wool of the alpaca was first in- troduced into England, it was a drug in the market, and the manufacturers refused to entertain the notion that it could ever bo turned to any useful account. A merchant in Leeds imported a quantity of it, and it lay upon his premises for months, if not years, altogether untouched. At length Mr. Salt imagined that it might be manu- factured into an article of clothing ; ho pur- chased tho lot, and the manufacture .in- creased to such an extent that an nrmense range of buildings, almost amounting to a small town, is devoted to tho works, and thtf once- deEpised article has become- one of the staple manufactures of England. So with the flax of Now Zealand. In many instances it has been looked upon almost as a nuisance. Yet many persons believe, and apparently with some reason, that it moy be considered as one of the most voluable productions of our colony. Many schemes have been tried in order to discover some method of freeing tho flax from the tenacious gum without destroying tho fibre. Mr. Donaldson has established a manufactory in the narewood-road, near Papanui, and re- cently invited the public to witness the pro- cess. He believes he has hit upon the right plan for bringing the question of the utilisa- tion of flax to a successful issue. His process is appaiently avery simple one; the flax is cut, and then put into a solution, the ingre- dients of which are, of courso, his secret. The flax remains in this solution for thrco! hours, after which it 1b passed between two iron rollers, Bet in motion by a small calorie engine. This effectually squoezes out the/ gum, which has been thoroughly dissolved by the solution. It is then passed througl cold water, and hung out to diy. Another procesB is to cut the flax, put it in its greei stato through tho rollers, immerse it in tis solution when boiling, und then hang it ott to dry. The process wa=i witnessed by sevenl personB, who seemed convinced that Mr. Donaldson's procesB would be productive ,of the desired effect Mr. W. Wilson waB jre sent, and read the prospectus of tho compniy which the inventor ia endeavouring to fcfni, and wo believe that It will shortly be priAed and published." j Tho following telegram, addressed to lady Bowen by theLadles'Leichhardt Search <lom mittee, íb published In the Brisbane j ourlais : -" The Victorian Government will bW a share of the expenditure which may le in- curred in prosecuting a search for Leichhardt if other Governments will assist. If Queens- land will contributo liberally-say JE^OOO tho expedition can be organised immedhtely ; otherwise, tho sorvices of Mr. Mïntyrf) and I the advantages of instituting the setrch a year earlier will be lost. Private contribu- tions will 'soon amount to £1,000. Pr»y send soon an answer ; surety to bo givm that no squatting interest will be pursued. .Signed) E. S. Bbomhy, president, 2Í llen Tibuïeï, hon. Bec." On the theSrdinst., LadyBowonreceived a further telegram;-"South Australian Go- vernment announces its decision to recom- mend unconditionally a vote for the Leich- hardt Search to Parliament. (Signed) Eliza Bbomby, President of the Leichhardt Search Committee. Ellen Tierney, Hon. Sec." To which Lady Bowen replied, on tho 3rd inst, as follows:-"The Queensland Government will recommend to Parliament a vote for the Leichhardt Search. I will form n ladies' committee, to receive contributions." The Brisbane Courier states, | " after her ra< j turn from Ipswich, Lady Bowon will call a public meeting of ladies, with the object of forming the committee referred to. Mean- while, contributions in aid of the 'Leich- hardt Search Fund ' will be received by Cap- tain Pitt, R.A., Government-house. Subscrip- tions already rtceivod :-Sir Georgo'and Lady Bowen, £5; Hon. B. G. W. Herbert, £2; 0\. Fltzsimmons, Esq., M.L.A., £5." ' Wo (Queensland Guardian) understand that tho Hon. "\V. Landsborough has jost received infcrmaiion from Mr. Millar, of Molbourne, to the etftct that should our Government enter promptly into the matter of the search for Leichhardt, Mr.D. M'Intyre will start with- out delay from the Darling for the Leichhardt Biver, Carpentaria. Instead of horses, drome- daries will be used. From Leichhardt River tho expedition will make for tho locality whero the horsee were somo timo since found, and tbo last traeos of Leichhardts presence wero obstrved. Mr. Landsborough thinks it possible that some at least of Leichbnrdt's party may be found with the blacks in those farlinterior regions whither they went, ac- cording to the indications of tho marks on tho trecB. A meeting of tho St. Kilda Volunteer Arti! lery Company was held last evening, at the Court-house, for the purpose of deciding on thq erection of an orderly- room. Captain Balfour presided, and opened the business by stating that a site for the proposed building, in Chapel-street, near Mr. Gregory's church, had already been obtained from Government, and also a gift of the necessary mater ¡als from the old barracks in Spencer-street; and that tenders had been received for the erec- tion, the four lowest ranging from £333 to £349 10s. Lieut. Sargood laid the plans before tbo membärs, and succinctly oxpluined the financial position of the company. Tho proposed building was intended to contain a drill-room, 80s 40; onoach Bide would bo gun sheds, and in the rear apartments for the drill instructor. These plans represented an expen- diture of about £750. They had, however, the land and material to begin with; and this, with the balance in hand and sumB pro- mised, together with prospective receipts for efiectives-say altogotber about £120 would bo equal to £500 of that amount. This would leave tho sum of ¿200 to be raised ; and he proposed that debentures, at 63. per share, bo issued to the company-2a. 6d. pay- able on allotment, and 2s. Gd, within a month-bealing intorest at ten por cent, per annum ; adding that, if necessary, he would himself subscribe for an equal number of shares to that taken up by the company. The members entered into the spirit oc the project, and in a few minutes scrip repre presenting 803 shares was handed up, being three over the number required. The com- mittee intend building fortnwitb. Next Saturday tho South Ynrra Club enters the lists against tho Melbourne Football Club. The match will bo played for the chal- lenge cup given by tho Athletic Spoitä Com- mittee, and an exciting game is anticipated. The Melbourne hounds will meet on Satur- day next, at ono p m, at Marsh's Campbell- field racecouise, on tho Sydney-road, to hunt a red deer, instead of at Pascoevale, as origi nally intended. 