NEW SOUTH WALES. GILBERT, HALL, AND DUNN'S RAID ON THE NUBRIGGAN.- A correspondent reports that on the evening of Sunday, as Mr. Brazier, landlord of the Nubriggan Inn, with some other gentlemen, were en- joying their pipes, four horsemen, well mounted, three of them with every appearance of wealthy gen tlemen, dashed up to the door. The stoutest imme diately dismounted, entered the inn, and walking up to Mr. Brazier, ordered him to turn out his pockets. Mr. Brazier, thinking it was mating rather free, asked him sternly what he meant, and ordered him from behind the bar, but the sight of a revolver in hand and a number round his waist caused him to unbend his brow, and submit with as good a grace as possible. Gilbert turned the pockets of Mr. Brazier inside out, and threw the few shillings they contained on the counter, and demanded to know where he kept his cash. He was told generally in (he pockets of his pants. In the meantime Gilbert and Dunn placed all the men, women, and children that were about the house in one room, locking every door. Dunn went over to Mr. Peter's house, and the house of Mr. Cousin's shepherd, bringing all the in mates, and turning them in with the rest. Mr. G. West had just arrived from Wellington, and was putting his horse in the stables, when Gilbert walked in and asked if he was the groom ? Not giving a satisfactory reply, Mr. West was requested to walk into the parlour. The fourth party had his face masked and muffled, and walked as sentry on the out side of the house, nor did he once come in or allow his face to be seen during the night; he was armed with the revolving rifle and a revolver. All were now in the room, and Gilbert said he would be under the painful necessity of finding the cash. He looked over some drawers, and disturbed the things in them but very slightly. He then opened a little workbox, and taking ont a parcel, he said, " Ah! here is what I want;" on opening it there were six pounds in silver, some half-sovereigns and notes—in all abbut £14. He was proceeding to examine the other boxes, when Mrs. Brazier told him they contained nothing but receipts and letters; he immediately desisted, and said he would take her word for it. He then turned to the men in the room, and said, " Now, my lade, Fm going to shout; but I wish to say a few words to you—Generally when we go to a public-house we are in the habit of making ourselves agreeable; but those we meet with, after they get liquor in, get Dutch courage, and talk about mobbing us. Now, if we hear anything of that kind, somebody is apt to get hurt, and I don't think it will be us; and another thing, I will not allow any swearing, black guard language, or obscene songs, before the females; and now, as we understand each other, let us liquor." So the drink was called in fast and furious. Before one round was drank another was called on. Dunn wanted music and a dance, having found an accordeon. Mr. Brazier objected on account of its being Sunday. In a short time 12 o'clock struck "Now," said Gilbert, " it's Monday morning; let*s have a dance." A gentleman named Mr. Charles Gardiner was compelled to exert his talents in the music Une, and the bushrangers had such a persuasive way with them, between brandy and bullets, they soon had nearly all hands dancing. The. dance and song went round, Gilbert and Dunn taking the principal parts, Hall remaining as a spec tator, and the ranger incog, still continuing to guard outside. Two of the parties confined had words and peeled to decide it with fists, but Gilbert instantly interfered, and threatened to tie up any one who at-' tempted to interrupt th*e harmony of the evening. Jh vinum Cattiae veritas began to show itself; one gentleman was silenced in a peremptory manner. In the midst of the hilarity they never for a moment relaxed their vigilance. Any person leaving the room for a moment was missed and brought back; and the sentinel at the door drove back with his rifle any person showing his head. Mr. Thomas Stephens, a contractor, spoke seriously to Gilbert on bis course of life, pointing out to him not only the einfulness, but the certain end sooner or later. After talking in a religious strain to him some time longer, Mr. Stephens said, " You have never had Morgan with you?" "No," said Gilbert, "we would not allow such a bloodythirsty wretch to have remained with us; we would have shot him long since." The bushrangers paid for all the liquor they called for, also tea, sugar, tobacco, &c.; They handed back a cheque for £1 which they had taken from Mr. Brazier, and told him not to take pay out of that, handing him a note at the same time. Hall asked Brazier if he had a horse named Brandy ? and was answered in the affirmative. He said he must have it, but that Brazier would get it back. They "shouted" back nearly all the money they took; and, at daybreak, mounted their horses and started towards Shepherd's Creek. They tried hard before leaving to persuade Mr. Stephens to accompany them-as chaplain; but he found his ex hortations were of no avail, so declined having any thing to do with them. They threatened vengeance if any one left before two hours. They have stuck up Mookerawa and Junction, and are hourly expected at the Barks.— Western Examiner. A Hem)t.i?3 Trooper!—The Riverine Herald saye;—" We have not many recorded instances of supernatural visitations in the shape of ghosts in Australia. Some, however, have been spoken of. Dr. Lang, in his history of New South Wales, mentions one, through the instrumentality of which a foul murder was discovered; but that occur rence took place many years ago, and has well nigh passed away from the memory of the oldest inhabitant Most people have heard of that haunted spot, the Black Swamp, between Deniliqnin and the Murrumbidgee, round which, it is eaid, at the dead hour of the night, a headless trooper rides a grey cob at full speed. We were assured the other day that a party of three men camped there lately for the night were nearly scared oat of their Benses by the appearance in the full moonlight of this mid night visitant. Oar informant was positive that the occurrence had taken place, and we believe he was sincere in his belief as to the appearance of the appa rition. It does not take much to impose on the senses of a certain class of bushmen, who are quite as superstitious as then? seagoing brethren." A Fmght of Imagination !—The Riverine Herald says:—"A few days ago four hawks were observed to be engaged in a conflict at a considerable height dose to the township. After the battle had been \ waged for some time, a substance of considerable size was seen to fall from among them, which on being examined was fonnd to be a whole shin of beef that one of the marauders had no doubt filched from some butchering establishment in the town. The weight was considerable, and it was a matter of amazement to the parties who picked it up that it could have been carried into the air by a bud of the size of a brown hawk." Is our contemporary sure that ie was not a leg instead of a shin of beef that was dropped P 