LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The foundation-stone of a new sanctuary to be erected in memory of the Rev. Thomas Quinton Stow, was laid on Tuesday, February 7, 1865. There are so many sweet and pleasant associations clos- terlng around the name of Mr. Stow, that without the aid of any memorial chnrch or monumental tablet, it would lire for ages yet to come; for Mate ** One of the few, the immortal names That are not born to die." It is. however, necessary and fitting at times to sire prac tical expression to the feelings of the heart; and in rearing the Btow Memorial Church the friends of Mr. Stow are only testifying, tangibly and substantially, the esteem which they entertained towards him doting his liietime, and the reference and affection which they still feel for the memory crone who was so prominently great, and good, and useful. It may not perhaps be Inappropriate to give some few brief particulars of the life of him, whose name is bo inti mately connected with the present Interesting erent. Mr Stow was born at Hadlelgb, in Suffolk, on the tth day of July, 1801, and must therefore have just passed his 6ist year mx the time of bis death, which occurred on the 19th of July, 186 i. Nothing or very little is known of him before the age of 17. when he commenced preaching the Gospel. Se after wards entered the Missionary College, at Gosport, with a vies of studying for and devoting his life to the ministry. jLSt this institution he was under the training of Dr. Bogus, U able and experienced theologian. The first church he had ?oder his pastoral care was at HunUngfbrd, in Hertford shire, and he afterwards accepted a charge at Halstead, in Essex, where he bad a ehutoh and congregation as Urge as those which used to assemble at Freeman-street In the year 1831 he was selected by the Colonial Missionary Society Jo establish the principles of Congregationalism, or rather of religion. In this colony; and be would not hare been chosen for the position bad not bis talents, hU consistency, and his liberal Christian views, have marked him as the man most fitted for the new sphere of labor which had just opened up. He arrived here in October 1837, in the ship Hartley, accompanied by the late Mr. \f. Giles and his family. He had brought out with him a tent, which he pitched on the Park Lands, and in which he preached bis Ant sermons. Subsequently a structure of pine and reeds, which Mr. Stow himself helped to build, was ereotedon Bortfa-tenace, and here for a long time the subject of our ?ketch imparted religious instruction to a small but devoted band of followers. As yean progressed the congregation Increased, and the humble little sanctuary on North-terrace fr—""?too inadequate for itspurposea. Accordingly In the year IBM the large edifice In Freeman-street was ballt, and at that time was regarded as a magnificent specimen of colonial architecture. In this place Mr. Stow labored for eereral yearn with the greatest zeal and earnestness, and Us devoted exertions were rewarded by a numerous and taring flock. At length, however, he was prostrated by iUnest, and in 1855 the Rev. C. W. Evan arrived lm the colony with a view of acting as bis oo pattor. He did not; though weak and feeble, sire up •erring the cause of religion, for he gratuitously officiated at Clayton Chapel, Kensington, and at Glenelg. when those places were without a settled pastor. The people at Clayton Chapel and GLenelg could not accept his services without some recognition, and they generously subscribed and pre sented Mr. Stow with a most handsome expression of "their regard and Indebtedness to him. In February. 1862, Mr. Btow, being better in health, left the colony to fulfil a temporary engagement at Pitt-street Chapel, Sydney ; and after fulfilling it ha was attacked by an illness more severe than he had previously suffered from. Alarm was soon awakened PmnT?g bifi friends, and much anxiety was felt about bis recovery. After a lingering affliction, during which feelinga of hope and apprehension were alter nately dominant In the breasts of Mr. Stow's numerous •equamtanees, Mr. Btow calmly fell asleep on the uth of July, 1882. In this hurried obituary notice no reference has been made to Mr. Stow's great and successful efforts in rela tion to the abolition of State aid to religion, nor to the llbe ?ality of principle, which actuated him In his conduct towards other denominations; but it is chiefly, perhaps, for ? these characteristics that his name will be more generally mad gratefully remembered. It was originally intended to erect some building of a less ?entartin nature than a church for one particular denomina tion—a monument. In fact, towards which people of all creeds could contribute. Bat many of Mr. Stow's most In timate blends did not think this would be in harmony with bU life and character; hence the idea of erecting' an elabo rate monument, or national Institution, was allowed to lapaa, and the proposal to build a Memorial Church met with more general favor. Efforts were then set on foot to eoQeet subaeriptlons towards the obtest, and the result of these exertions were consummated on ruesdar. by the lay- Ing of the chief comer-stone. THE LAYING OF THE STONE. The ceremony of laying the stone took place at 3 o'clock. in the afternoon, in the presence of a large concourse of persons, composed of friends connected with nearly if not all the religious bodies in tbe colony. The Rev. F. W. Cox commenced the engagements by giving out a hymn from the Congregational Hvmn Book the first verses of which was as follows: - " O Thou to whom, in ancient time, The lyre of Hebrew bards was strong Whom Kings adored in songs sublime. And Prophets praised with glowing tongue " After ?he hymn bad been song, the Rev. M. H. Hodge •sad toe ftuagtt of Scripture contained in Ist Chronicles. Si ?I0 Id',- ??? U>e >? CorinthUM, Hi, 9 17. The Rev. John Graham, of Sydney, then offered an Impressive and earnest dedicatory prayer. Mr. Thomas Graves then read the following list of articles deposited in ?> bottle, hermetically sealS, to be Sued to taeetvlty of t£? toondatton_ atone .-Begidar and SStoertber newspapers of UkJ?* d?7'? date, the Telegraph ot the oar DtecedlnaToopy of five programme ot this day'sjpro- Missionary Society, report of the proceedings of the 16th yearly meeting;, and of the 15th half-yearly meeting of the Congregational Union of South Australia, a cqpv of Mr. Stow'g dedicatory discourse on the opening of Freeman street Chapel, and ot his address on-laying the foundation stone, oopy of Mr. Binney's sermon in aid of Stow Memorial Church, and the following statement printed, on parch- I ment:— "This document Is placed in the foundation stone of an edifice to be erected for the worship of God, and to be called the Stow Memorial Charoh, in memory of the late Bev. Thomas Quinton Stow, tbe first pastor of the congre gation, for whose Immediate use the building is raised, and the father and founder of the Congregational Denomination of South Australia. "The stone i? laid by Alexander Hay, Esq., on this seventh day of February, 180S. in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria; His Exoellenoy Sir Dominick Daly being Governor of the province, the Bevs. John Graham, of Sydney, M. H. Hodge, G. Stonehouse. C. W. Evan, and F. W. Cox taking part in the servioe held on tbe occasion. "The erection of this plaoe of worship is undertaken by the Church now assembling in Freeman-street Chapel, the Bev. C W- Evan being pastor, and Henry Giles, Matthew Goode, Carrington Smedley, and Alexander Hay, Deaoona. "The order and discipline of the Church U Congregational or Independent, as set forth in the Declaration of Faith. Church Order, and Discipline Issued by tbe Congregational Union of England and Wales. "-Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost* "The Committee under whose supervision the Memorial Church is erected consists of the Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A.; R. D. Hanson. Chief Justice; Thomas Graves. Treasurer; John Brown, Secretary; John Davis. Horace Dean, Robert Davenport, William Parkin, Thomas Barlow, William Berry. Samuel Davenport, William Hanson, Henry Giles, Matthew Goode, Carrington Smedley, Clement Sabine, Robert Stuckey, Charles Todd, George White, Alexander Hay. "Architect, R. G. Thomas. Builders, English and Brown. Mrs. Evan then, on behalf of the ladle* of Freeman street Congregation, presented Mr. A. Hay, who was about to lay the Btone, with an elegant silver trowel, with which to perform the ceremonial. On the trowel, which was manufactured by Mr. Davis, the following inscription was engraven:— Presented to Alexander Hay, Esq., By the Ladies of the Congregation at Freeman-street. * On the occasion of laying the feundation-atone of the Stow Memorial Church, ? Adelaide. February 1. 1865. Mr. Hat then performed the ceremonial, and addressed the assembly as follows:— Dear Friends—Engaged as we now are ia laying the foundation-stone of a new building intended to be used as a place of meeting for the public worship of God, we are not situated as those colonists were who took an active part in laying the foundation-stone and in bnilding Freeman-street ChapeL At that time nearly everything connected with the permanent progress and stability of our colonial institutions was comparatively un tried. In the year IBio productive industry had scarcely made a beginning. Only very few persons were thea en gaged in pastoral pursuits. Farmers had not had time to prove the soil and climate to know if corn could be profit ably produced. Our rioh mines bad not then been dis covered, our commerce was bat small, as we bad little or no produce to export, our manufactories were few, little had been done towards forming' educational institutions. Under thope circumstances Mr. Stow, and those who acted with him in laying the foundation-stone' of Freeman-street Chapel, nee-led to exercise much faith regarding the success of what was then a great undertaking. I thank oar Heavenly Father that they exercised each faith, that they build oar chapel, for thereby they have been the instrument of doing muoh good. I am sure yon will agree with me that we are alto gether in a much more encouraging position now. Since then oar progress has been gradual and prosperous. During the last 25 years our squatters liave prospered, and our flocks and herds have largely increased; our farmers hare proved that there are few countries where corn can be grown to greater perfection and more profitably than this; rich mines have been dis covered and profitably worked; onr commerce has largely increased; educational Institutions have grownup amongst us; we hive a number of manufactories; and oar exports are counted by millions sterling. Looking at these things we have much to encourage as ia the work we have began of building a new and oommodioas church that will be somewhat in unison with the improved buildings in the city and snrronnding country. God baa blessed us as a colony and people. Many from their increased means are enlarging and beautifying their dwellings and places of business; large and substantial publio buildings are being erected; the House of God ought certainly not to be left behind, bat should share in the general improvement In my opinion it ought to be one of tbe best buildings in the city, lam glad, therefore, the people belonging to the original Congregational Churoh In Adelaide have determined to build this new sanctuary. I trust the blessing ot God may rest on those engaged in this work—that many shall yet come to worship here, and thereby be led to see the evils of sin, ana to seek righteousness through Jesus Christ our Saviour. Respecting tbe name by which this place of worship is to be known-the Stow Churob—it is a just tribute to the memory of one whose nama is universally and justly respected throughout this colony, in all the Australian Colonies, and by those to whom he is known in England. In connecting tbe name of our late respected pastor with this building we sre following the example of other Churches, both in Britain and this colony. In Scotland the Presbyterian Church has its Erskine Churches, its Gillespy Churches, and on "North Terrace, Adelaide, we have the Chalmers Church—names that tLose Churches delight to honor. IngivingthenameofStowtothi* Church we are handing down to posterity tbe name of one whose labours are worthy to be remembered, and whose example is worthy of relmitation. It was well for the Christian Church here that Mr. Stow came so early to this colony. He was the Instrument in the hand of God in lay ing the foundation of much that has tended to the prospe rity of the cause of Christ in this country. I bad the pleasure of listening to his teaching in the primitive build ing on North- terrace ]26 yeirsaeo. I have often listened to his teaching in our present place of worship, and I am satisfied no man was ever more anxious to do his great Master's work, and to build up tbe Kingdompf Christ Mr. Stow was au|earnestand devoted servantof God. He was ever ready to take an active part in any movement that he be lieved would forward tbe interests of religion or education. For a number of years after his arrival he labored chiefly amongst the people in and around Adelaide. When the population Increased and extended into the country districts lie took an active part in the formation and working of our Home Missionary Society, with the view of extending the preaching of the Gospel io the outer districts of the colony. He was zealous in the cause of the British and Foreign Bible Society. He did not interfere mush in politics; but when tbe politician forgot his mission and sought to meddle with religion Mr. Stow came forward and did good service in retaining to the colony the religious liberty on which it was originally founded. But leaving- all his other labours oat of Bight, and looking at the good he did as a Christian minister, I believe we are fulfilling a duty in associating his name with the Church we ara now building. I trust many young ministers will follow the example he has set t em of devotedness to the cause of their Great Master. I would only add that I hope our present pastor, Mr. Evan, may long enjoy health and strength to labour With great success in the church of which we have just laid the foun dation-stone. The Bev. Wbl Bhows, Wesleyan Minister, gave out th? hymn commencing: — " This stone to Thee in faith we lay. We build the temple, Lord, to Thee; Thine eyes be open night and day To guard this house and sanctuary-" Two verses havingbeen sung. The Bev. C. w. Evan, pastor of Freeman-street, delivered the subjoined address :— "Christian friends—The present hour is tons a solemn and a joyful one. We are assembled to lay the foundation of a house which we have purposed to build unto the name of the Lord our God. and to invoke Hie blessing on the work of our hands. Memories of the past, and anticipations of the future, crowd upon our minds. It Is now folly a quarter of a century since the first stone of the old sanctuary in Freeman-street was laid. Some who were present on that occasion, having received continued help of God, ore here this day; and they will scarcely fail to bring together in their minds the two spectacles, with their material adjunots and surroundings, and to be impressed and instructed by the contrast Bat some, and we imagine no small pro portion of those who witnessed with peculiar interest the proceedings of that day with their revered pislor, who spoke to them words of truth and wisdom happily preserved to us, have passed into a world where there is no more laying of foundations, nor need of' temples made with hands.' It Is a reason for devout satisfaction and thankfulness that the 28 years which have elapsed since that day have ao largely fulfilled the hopes which were then indulged and expressed, not only in relation to the particular Christian work in which oar friends and fathers were engaged, but also in relation to the general interests of this province, which, at the time, was only in the third year of its existence. And on the present occasion, which has a commemorative as well as a prospective aspect, most fitting Is it that we should devoutly praise the God ot Heaven for the blessings whioh he has poured on this land, for the development of its rioh material resources, the growth and extension of its com merce, the progress and the general prosperity of its popu lation, the diffusion of knowledge, the advancement of true religion, the hopeful measure of unity and brotherhood that has marked the churches of Christ, and the happy immunity we enjoy from religious imposts and restrictions, which, in other lands, are a source of painful irritation and estrange ment. Most fitting is it, too. that we should render onto God hearty thanks for all that was achieved by our sainted friend, whose memory is so clO?ely associated with this service, and by men likemlnded with him, who so manfully did their part in laying the foundations of the varied interests of this community. We associate Mr.Stow's name with the edifice which is thus began, believing the act to be in every way appropriate, in harmony with Bacred usage, and pleasing to God. No one acquainted with our principles and practices as a denomination will lay hero worship to our charge, or impute to as any tendency to the adoration of saints. We worship only the one living God, the Saviour of mankind; but we de?ire, after the example of' tbe churches in Judea,' to glorify God in his servants, and by raising thin sacred edifice as a memorial to Mr. Stow, we express our esteem and reverence for his character as that of an eminent servant of Christ, who. in a position peculiarly trying and responsible, firmly and faithfully did his Master's work, and served his generation. We acknow ledge the obligations under which we ore laid to his Ufe and teaching, and we seek to transmit his name to our posterity in this land asanameprominentiyas?ochitedwlthallthatwas good and true, and sacred la the early history of tbe colony. With respect to the architecture of tbe memorial oburch. It is intended in aooordanoe with the progress of events, the better cireumstanoes of our people, and the Improved taste of the times, to present a goodlier form and more attractive features than its venerable predecessor in Freeman-street In this good land into which God hath brought us—a land abounding with material* of wealth—" a land of wheat and barley, and vines, and flg trees, and pomegranates-a land of oil, olive, and honey, wherein we eat bread wlthrat scarce ness, nor lack anything inlt"—in this good land, wherelt may be said of us as a people that" oarflocksahdherdsaremulti plied. and oar silver and gold are multiplied, and all that we have is multiplied" surrounded as we are on every hand t>y signs of social prosperity and growing wealth, it were bnnuuating indeed if the house of God stood forth the type of poverty and meanness. It is gratifying to observe tbe growth of our city and its Improved architectural develop menu, and shall we not desire that among its better edifices our sanctuaries may stand forth graceful and comely, aa well as prominent witnesses for those higher Interests and purer enjoyments which amid the absorbing pursuits of secularism all are too prone to forget 1 * e think It no sign of degene racy in our Congregational churches that in the matter of architecture they should elect to depart from the enforced simplicity and plainness of their Puritan ancestors. All honor to those noble men, who.oppressed and Impoverished by unrighteous enactments, raised onto God their humble sanctuary in any bye-lane or alley where they could find an asylum I Would we had more of their fidelity to conscience and to Christ, we honor them, bat we congratulate our selves, and thank God that the persecuting demon whioh harassed them has been chained if not exorcised from the land of our fathers, and devoutly do we trust that Its polluted breath may never contaminate the free atmosphere of this land, AsCongregattonaUsts we are no longer very poor, and we are unwilling that mean and unsightly sanctuaries should proclaim our poverty of taste, and a more deplorable deficiency inlthe grace of liberality. There Is a growing, and, as we believe, a healthy desire that the Christian sanc tuary should exhibit in its structure and arrangementi some worthiness of the purpose to which it is consecrated. It is our hope and belief that in the building to be erected here, though no shekinal splendour may glow within its walls, things beautiful and glorious, as well as true, will be pre sented to the eye of the soul; and is it not meet that the material should be in some sort of harmony with the aplritaral, typical and suggestive of those higher and fairer things, and not painfully incongruous with them. We sympathise In the opinion expressed by one 'that God may be praised by the spirit of sacrifice and the material beauty and the expressions of thoughts and alms with which our sanctuary buildings may be in?tlnct It is not my inten tion to follow tbe practice sometimes observed on occasions like the present ofgMng a statement of our denominational principles. We have our distinctive tenets and usages, but it is more In harmony with our feelings at this moment to confess and to endeavor more fully to realise onr unity with all who love the Lord Jesus Chriatfn sincerity, than to dwell on those minor matters wherein we differ from them. We tejofee that we may claim eabftmtW ommm Witt ?U who believe In God the Father, in Jeeua Christ the Saviour, and In the Holy Ghost the Comforter. We can point to no creed as toe exact embodiment of onr theology- That theology may indeed be found for the most part In the three creeds of tbe ancient Church, the Apostles' Creed, the Nipenc and the Athanaslan Creeds, and In the thirty-nine article* of the Churoh of England, bat we uooept nine of these as authoritative. They are Interesting to us, bat chiefly as ex pressions of opinion on the part of those who framed them written indeed for oar learning, bat not for onr law. The declaration of faith issued by the English Congregational Union may fairly Bet forth the things which are commonly believed among us, bat it is not-binding on onr consciences, for we have not endorsed it with oar hands. We acknow ledge as authoritative only the Divine teaching of tbe Scrip tures, bat we do not admit that oar theology Is therefore vague and uncertain. There prevails among as a substan tial agreement as to the great verities of Christianity, an agreement, we venture to think, not the les? real or marked than exists in other Churches wbioh think fit to adhere to certain formularies of faith as the authoritative standards. And it is our oonfldent hope that whoever may be spared to witness the completion of this" building, and whoever may; worship ana teach within its walls, prominence will be given hereto those'greatoentral verities to which we oire our history ; and position as a denomination, that the everlasting Gospel, the Gospel for all times and generations, will be preached here . in Its Divine fullness.and thatinoonnscUon with Its ministry, I and by the power of the Divine Spirit there shall be omit! op within the material stxuctureaspirittial house camposed of j lively stones, and resting on no other foundation than jiat i of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ being the corner- I stone. And my earnest prayer is that all who, witness and participate in the laying of this foundation-stone, and those who shall hereafter assemble in the building, may. through the grace of God, be found resting on the foundation of the Lord, which standeth sore, and be built into that living temple that shall never crumble or decay. Our mate rial sanctuaries, however firmly-founded and strongly-built, are doomed to fall and pcrish,and in their perlshablenesa they are fitting types of our ecclesiastical systems. Eplseopa lianism however venerable, Presbyterianiam however strong, Methodism however mighty, Congregationalism, and kindred forms of polity, whatever their pretensions, are temporal and perishable things; bat the true Church of God, composed of adherents of all these systems, shall live and abide for ever and ever, for it is founded on the Rock of Ages, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against It. Be it our ambition to be true and worthy members of that glorious Church I Bot to condone. As we contemplate the engagements of this hoar in their probable issues, we cannot better express our thoughts and emotions than in the earnest and appropriate words used by Mr. Stow when tbe old sanctuary was tiegun, ' Memorable and aaspioions hoar in whioh we lay the first stone of an edifice for God, an edifice for the Gospel, an edifice for the Church, an edifice for sonls 1 Here shall be proclaimed ? the glorious Gospel of the blessed God.' Here the praises and prayers of tbe Church shall asoend to God. Here God shall fulfil his condescending promise to be with his assembled people and manifest his glory. Here believers shall receive gracious visitations—• Seasons of refreshing from the Lord.' all chimerical and visionary to the worldling, but all reality, and substance, and giory to those who have seen, and tasted, and handled the word of life. Here the tears of tbe penitent shall flow—the hard heart ?hall break and poor forth its deep stream of godly sorrow before the Lord. Here the burtneued and agitated con science shall find peace at the sight of -the cross. Here many an aching sorrowing spirit shall be made to rejoice with Joy unspeakable and full of glory. Here oar families shall resort, and be trained for God and for immortality. Here the youth of our city shall Imbibe principles which shall be their guard amongst the vile and hateful corruptions of the world. And here the aged Christian shall bend his heavy steps, and his firied eye shall be lighted op with tbe hopes of that 'temple not made with hands eternal in the heavens,' which he is so soon to enter. Though we thus speak it is not in the spirit of boasting or self-oonfidence. We believe in God; we believe also in His Son, Jesns Christ; we believe in the Holy Ghost Henoe we expect these things.- 'The God of Heaven He will prosper as; therefore we -His servants will arise and build.' " Offerings to a considerable sum were then collected and laid on the stone. The Bev. G. Storehouse, Baptist Minister, next offered a fervent payer, supplicating the bies?ing of the Host High on the undertaking. The Bev. J. Graham pronounced the benediction, and the proceedings connected with the laying of the ceremonial atone ended. DESCBTfTON OF THE BDItDtNC. The site of the Charoh, of which the foundation stone has now' been laid, is situated la Victoria-square, next to the publio offices. The Church will be erected in tbe Gotblo style, bom tbe designs of Mr. B. G. Thomas, and the builder* ore Messrs. English & Brown of this city. The principal feature to the entrance front in Victoria-square will be a projecting portico formed of freestone columns sup porting'pointed arches, and an open parapet of freestone. Above the portico in the main building will be a four-light window in freestone, with geometrical tracery. Fronting east and west the transepts will have wheel windows with tracery of similar description. Tbe total length of the build ing will be 142 feet, and the breadth across the nave 62 feet, and across the transepts 83 feet. Adjoining the eastern transept a tower and spire will rise directly from the ground to a height of 170 feet from the pavement. The foundations of the tower will be 8 feet wide, end formed of concrete made with Portland cement, and the walls of the tower will be nowhere less than four feet thick. Tbe ground storey of tbe tower will form another principal entrance to the Church and will hare a doorway in freestone The interior of the Church will be divided into nave and aisles by columns sap porting arches and a lofty clerestory, with windows of geometrical pattern, from which the Church will be princi pally lighted. Tbe aisles lwill be very narrow, as they ore merely intended to serve as passages, and will only have occasional sittings placed in them. The columns therefore will not form obstructions to the view of the platform. Including tbe occasional sittings, the Church will accommodate nearly 850 persons on the ground floor. Provision la made in the building for adding to the accommodation by galleries over the entrance lobby, and over the transepts, ana over the platform of the orchestra. These when constructed will extend the accommo dation to over 1,160, bat the gallery for the orchestra and organ will be the only one Included at present ihe interior of the church will be lofty, the celling is of hexagonal shape, and the centre portion will be 43 feet high from the floor. There will be a lotty pointed arch at the end, opposite the entrance, under which will be a projecting platform for the Minister enclosed with railings, above which are the organ gallery and orchestra. Communicating with the platform will be three vestnes and also spaces for staircases leading to tbe proposed transept, galleries, and to the organ gallery. The buildings will be entirely constructed of Glen Osmond atone and Glen Ewln freestone, the front portico and the spire being wholly of freestone,-and will be of the most sub stantial anddorable character. The present contract, which does not include tbe upper portion of the tower and spire, is £7,660. THE rEA AND PUBLIC MEETING. At 5 o'clock in the evening the tea meeting took plaoe. AU the tables which were laid, both la the chapel and sosoolroom, were at once oooopied, and were to a consider able extent relaid. It was estimatedathat there were nearly 600 persons present. The provision was elegant and ample, and the chapel was^nloaly decorated with foliage and flowers besides a number of Scripture mottoes whioh hang round the walls. The tea equipage having been cleared away, the chapel was soon again refilled for the public meeting. After a voluntary on the harmonium,:" Cujus Animum," from the Stebat Mater, by Mr. James Shakespeare, His Honor the Chief Justice took the chair, and the proceedings were com menced by singing the 229th hymn, commending, "Let us with a gladsome mind," after which the Kev. C. Manthorpe offered the opening prayer. The Chairman then addressed the meeting. He said the occasion for which they had met was an anfrequent one in connection with any charoh. There might be those present who had attended similar meetings in connection with other churches; but in the ordinary course of nature it was to be hoped that those present would not again be called on to take part in a similar occasion. This being the case he might be allowed to say a few words before he called on the speakers who had been appointed to address them. The occasion for which they bad met—to lay the foundation stone pf a new Church— was an occasion which under every aspect was hopeful and encouraging. The work in which they were engaged testi fied the success of tbe preaching of their late lamented pastor, as will as the progress of the colony. Looking back to the time when tbe stone of the building in which they were met was laid, he thought there was sufficient to in dicate the progress which had since been made. At the time when the foundation stone of that building was laid it was the only charoh in the colony, and of which their late respected pastor was tbe founder. From time to time the members separated from the one general Church and formed Christian bodies to the localities where they located, whioh Churches in their turn presented many signs of pro gress. The Church in Freeman-street had now taken a step to secure a more beautiful edifice and to conned with It tbe name of their late pastor. They did not take the position of the old man at the building of the second temple, who looked baok with regret and sorrow at the magnificence of the fiist temple; but they occupied rather the position of those who at the erection of the first temple felt that they were laying the foundation of a building where the service of those who had gone before should be perpetuated, and as a proof of the religious feel ing of the,nation and the growth of that principle among the people. In all aspects but one that occasion was en couraging. No doubt in one aspect there was something of sorrow mingled with it. They could not fail to remember that he who had founded the Congregational Church in the colony, he who had in so nuny ways ministered to and fostered it, hud now passed from among them, and this remembrance would cause something of moornfulness to mingle with the otherwise Joyful anticipations of that meeting. (Hear, bear.) Bat though it was not without sorrow, he did not think that occasion should be one of sorrow. Measured by years, undoubtedly their late pastor left them before the appointed term of human life; but measured by bis works, measured by what he attempted, and what he achieved, he left them full of labors. He did not leave them, however, without seeing many of the results of his toll accomplished, and being assured that the Church which he had built up was safe from storms and accidents. (Cheers ) He therefore thought that while they could not in one sense but feel sorrowful, under another condition they ought not to do so. Tbe end of their late pastor was one which they might wish to be secured by all who, having attained the aim of their life, passed from their midst to receive the reward of their labors, mowing that their works should follow them. (Hear, leer.) He could not but forget that on that occasion they had been laying the foundation-stone of an Independent Churoh, and although the matters in which they differed from other religious bodies were of comparatively trifling impor tanoe-although those on which they agreed were tbe great essentials of faltyet there were occasions when into prominence some of the distinctive features of their organization and government. All Christian Churches bad had their work to do, and had done it well for the cause of God. That was not atime to speak of others, but while he said a few words about the denomination to which he belonged, be should be sorry to pass ov-r other denomi nations. His Church had their share of truth, but he would be sorry to oiaim the whole truth -{hear, hear)- to say that there was no truth beyond themselves, and they had nothing to learn from others. The Independents had rendered two great services to Christianity. They had given full develop ment to the principle of toleration, and had asserted more emphatically than any others the right of liberty of oon sotenoe. It was said by some that the Independents preached toleration, because they could not persecute; but he considered it was inherent in the organisation of Independents that persons should have the right of forming a Church whioh should have the power of Individual self-government, and free from the interfeience of any external government (Cheers.) In this respect Congregationalism he thought differed from every previous organisation, because all others claimed to have a union of churches, or rather to be bound by tbe opinion of mem ben who had the right to be considered authorities amongst them. All Churches, nodoabt.badsomeUUagtoperfonn,and Congregationalism had perhaps profited Oy what other Churches had done. It had been quaintly said by some writer that what with right hand defections and left hand failings only one person besides himself had kept unimpaired the faith of their fathers. Wet], there was nothing in Con gregational organization to prevent even tho?e two persons forming a Church of their own. This principle ot Indepen dency had been more or less accepted by every Christian church in countries where discussion was free, and where not a word was whispered as to the right of any person to Interfere with the faith or discipline of another church, or of any State to interfere with the faith or worship of a single individual. This had been the function of the Congregational bedy. to which be might be permitted to refer with allowable self-congratulation on tbat oooasion. He had occupied their time longer than he Intended, and in ooncla elon would say that while he had called attention to what he considered to be toe special claim of that Churob, he would always with it to be remembered that with all Christian bodies the points of difference were very small, as compared to the infinitely important points in which they agreed. (Hear, hear.) He remembered days in England when it was difficult to overcome the feeling of the denominational pecu liarity. But in this colony they did not experience this feel ing. All sects were on the same level—no one claimed aught but what resulted from the purity, simplicity, and fervor with whioh the truths of Christianity were preaohed. They had been led to attach less significance to each other's organization!-, while they recognised the overwhelming Im portance of the common principles of their belief; (Cheers. The Bev. C. W. Evan. Pastor of the Church, was then called on, and made tbe following report:—The Committee of the Stow Memorial Church nave thought It desirable that a few facts relative to the origin and progress of the movement should be laid, before this meeting. This I will eadMYor to do M briefly oj ponlbie. Shortly ttttt tua I lamented death of Mr. Stow tbe idea was entertained of 1 erecting a monument to his memory of a somewhat costly ? character, and which shonld be simply and exclusively a i memento of bis worth. With that Idea In that form some ;of as did not sympathise. We felt that sooh a monument i would Jack coogroity with bis life and character aa a i minister. When, however, the idea was modified, and it waa , resolved to erect a monument of a simpler kind at the grave, and to which the maximum of subscription should be half a I i guinea, weaneed to the proposal; feeling that that would j I not impoverish oar frieuds and prevent tbe erection of a 1 more important memorial which should have a visible j , relation to the aims and objeots of his life, and oantribute ' to the furtherance of the great work to whioh his energies . were consecrated. It was our conviction that there could i not be amors fitting memorial of Mr. Stow than a sacred edifice where the cdnrerj, whUh daring a pastorate of nearly ao years, had been the object of bis deepest solloitude, should worship—where the trotb? and principles which be . bad so ably advocated should be maintained and propagated. This conviction was strengthened by our knowledge of the fact that the erection of a new sanctuary In connection with tbe old church, waa with Mr. Stow, for some time before his : death, a matter of earnest desire and hope. The proposal to ! erect suoh a memorial edifice was therefore brought before tbe church and congregation, and there prevailed a happy ! degree of unanimity respecting it. Persona connected with I other churches and denominations expressed their sympathy ! with the movement and their readiness to assist In tortber j log it A Committee was formed and contributions solicited, iAn acre of land was secured In a very eligible situation, and :at a very reasonable prloe. Designs for the building were called for, and that of Mr. B. G. rhomas was selected aa being, on the whole, mostin accordance with the views of the Committee. The style is Gothic, of the early period of Eng land, with forms adapted from French, Italian, Gothic, modified to suit tbe olfmatfl and our Protestant worship. The ceiling will be hexagonal, and the upper portion will be nearly flat. The height of the celling from the floor at tbe nave will be 43 feet. There will be a rise in the floor of 18 inches. The platform will be at the north end opposite the entrance, and from the arrangements of the Chorch there will be no seats without a view of tbe minister. There will be three vestries attached. On the eastern side, where the foundation stone has been laid, a tower and spire of cut freestone will rise to tbe height of 170 feet, the lower part of the tower forming an additional entree. Tbe contract for the building, by English & Brown, is £7.650, which inolndea the lower portion of the tower to the springing of the roof. The internal flttJng?. architect's commission, and other neces sary expenses, will increase that sum to about £8,800. The earns received and promised towards the object up to the present time amount In round numbers to £4,300 Of this we have paid £1,000 for the land, reducing the amount to £3.300. We require, therefore, at least £5,000 to render the bnildingfltforoccupation. From this we may perhaps deduot the value of the present property, which would reduce that com to about £3,600. To finish tbe spire about £l,wo more will be required, and without the spire the memorial would look very incomplete. (Hear, hear.) And again, school rooms must be provided, so that I havesoarcely the courage to express in figures the total amount that will be required to complete the undertaking:. But I have great faith In onr generous friends. who?e hearts are in the work, that with a little brotherly help from members of other churches they will fully accomplish what they have begun, and that they will not snffer such a bnilding to groan under a heavy debt We hare received a noble contribution of £530 from Mr. Binney, which he ot.talned for as by his personal exertions. (Cheers). Our excellent friend, Mr. Hopkins, of Hobart Town, has sent as £100. Oar Sydney friends at Pitt-street, whose p-aiae for liberality is in all oar churches, in all Aus tralia and Britain, sent us a very handsome contribution for our bazaar, the Sydney stall being one of the chief attractions on the occasion. There Is another gentleman who deserves mention on this occasion—one of the most excellent of the good—and under whose hospitable roof Mr. Stow fell asleep. John Fairfax, whom I refer to, is on oor list of subscribers. Some gentlemen in this colony from whom we expected aid withhold as yet their sympathy from the movement. Occa sionally a remark appearing to as unkind and uncharitable has been made to the effect, for instance, that we are seeking to get other people to build a Church for as. We certainly seek the help of others, as we have rendered help to others in times past (Cheers.) But when I state that the mem bers of the Committee alone, numbering about 20 gentlemen, Immediately connected with this Church and congregation, have subscribed £2,000 toward? this object—nearly one half of the entire amount obtained—and that they have it tn their hearts to do still more, I think the not ia sufficient to dear as from any unfriendly Imputations of that kind. We ear nestly hope that this meeting will not be allowed to pass without some considerable progress being made towards the attainment of onr object The Bev. J. Garoneb said he had listened with pleasure to tbe remarks of tbe Chairman upon toleration, and he thought that principle was well demonstrated by a Presby terian being the first called upon to address them. He had always looked upon Presbytery as the scaffold necessary for the erection of the building, and never since landing in the colony had he attempted to prove that it was tbe building itself. He was a Free Preabyterian, and they would see that he made good use of his freedom. (Lingbter.) He was delighted to hear that the spire waa to be eo high, although It entirely threw his own into the shade His tower, how ever, could boast of the mo*t oeeml object in the city, telling whioh way the wind blew. (Laughter.) He would, however, now come to the resolution whioh he had to propose, and which was—"That this meeting would de voutly acknowledge the measure of Divine blessing roneh safed to the labors of this Church in past years, and would cherish the hope that the sanctuary about to be erected fur its use will prove the means of extending its usefulness, and of advancing the interests of our common Christianity." He expressed his pleasure in being asked to move anything whioh bore upon it the stamp of orthodoxy, and he was sure that resolution did. In the first place it acknowledged the Divine blesilng which had hithertoattended tbe church. He waa sare that the framers of tbe motion did not underrate the church organisation, although that waa but of eeoondary importance to the goodness vouchsafed by God. The aot of that day showed bat they did not overlook the fact that to God tbe praise waa due, but were anxious to extend his cause. The experience of that church had, he supposed, been similar to that of others. There had no doubt been times of sunshine and oload, storm and calm, and although they might hare been called on to lament f.j backsliders and lukewarm believers, they still had the proof that God had been and waa with them. That building was certainly a very plain one, and though it bad not the dim religions light of some of the old ecclesi astical structures, it had a better light—the light of Gad oid It had been recorded of it that this and that man weie born there. A building might become a thing of the past, and the edifice In which they then stood was a monument of tbe poverty and the piety of its founders. At the time when all connected with it were saddened by the blow which came upon them, it was a happy thought which struck them, not to build a monument to their pastor in brass or in stone, but to erect a church which should bear the name of one whose labors had been so osefnl and euooeFSful, and al-o afford an opportunity for persons to worship and to seek the Lord. Tbe second part of the resolution expressed a hope that the new sanctuary wonld be osefol in advancing the Interests of Christianity. Tbe church worshipping in that building would, he hoped, be more blessed by the King of the Church, and he trusted that in the new building many would be enquiring their way Zionward, and have their faces turnea thither. He could not forget that there were other gentle men to follow him, and especially one who had come from a distanoe. He was pleased that bis presence indicated that the churches were becoming more alive to the wants of these colonies, and instead of sending out little men suoh as the one who was speaking to them —(laughter) —they dispatched men of a commanding appearance, who at any rate would occupy a large space in the pnblio eye. (Load laughter and cheers.) Mr. C. Todd seconded the resolution, and in doing so he was glad to think It was not necessary to occupy their time to any length, as he was a man rather of action than of words, and tbe motion had been so ably placed before the meeting. They all looked with interest to the remarks of their friend who had come so far to address them, and he shonld therefore not detain them. That the Divine blessing bad been pou-ed out upon that Church waa testified by the act they had done that day, for they had commenced a work which would require zeal and perseverance, and liberality to complete, and the Divine blessing would attend them If they only obeyed the teaohinga and precepts of tbe gentleman whose name they revered, and who, if he could look down upon the proceeding of tbe day. wonld rejoice at tbe consummxtiou of a good work so far as to lay the foundation stone of a new Church. While walking to the meeting Out evening a singular coincidence occurred to - him. In earlier days when the philosophy of the skies waa not so well understood, oomets were understood by some to portend danger, land by others to foretel some happy event. In tbe year of our Lord 65 a comet like a sword upp*<ared over Jerusalem, and the enemy outside thought it portended tbe destruction of tbe temple and of Jerusalem, while the Jews looked upon it as the harbinger of God foretelling their deliverance. That comet was Identified with the destruction of Jerusalem, but they had a comet this year, and let them hope that it portended future success to the Stow Memorial Church and those associated with it. They desired to show an example to their friends at North Adelaide, who had built their church by piecemeal, aod this would require a long pull, and a strong pull, aud a pull all together; but if they zealously gave their hearts to the work they would be sure to suc ceed. The Choir, under the direction of Mr. James Shakespeare, sang in an effective style the well-known but beautiful anthem "Blessed be Thou." The Bev. John Graham of Sydney, who was warmly cheered on rising, was called upon to move the second resolution. He said he did not know how it was. but be felt a very solemn tender feeling steal over bis heart as he thought of the proceedings of that day, and of the meeting in which they were engaged. When he stood that day on the spot where tbe foundation stone was laid, and saw such a number of brethren of different denominations met together to manifest their union with each other as members of Christ's great body—the Church-and to do honor to the memory of that noble man whomGod had taken from among them, he felt it a very tender and subduing scene; and as he looked around him and saw the folds of Old England's flag floating over them, his heart leaped op with gratitude to God that they were under the banner of Queen Victoria— under the symbol of the greatest power at present on tbe earth, and the best-the friend of liberty and the friend of man. (Cheera) He tuought how happy it waa to be under that flag compared with being under tnose of Borne otber nations. Tbe tricolor of France occurred to him, and when he thought of the scenes enacted on the Loyalty Islands; the atrocities perpetrated on the missionaries; the closing of the chapels and the turning of them Into restaurants for the officers; tbe uaiog of bells which had been presented by Christian friends in England to announce the hour of worship, for calling the soldiers to mesa—when he thought of all this sacrilege and desecration which had been perpetrated by the French, his heart gave gratitude to God that tuU mighty continent of New Holland was onder the flag of Britain, and not of France. (Plaudits.) And when he thought of New Zealand and Tasmania being onder the same flas. he felt glad thit there were few islands tor other nations to lay huld of; but here the Anglo-Saxons had liberty, knowledge, and religion, and if they did not develop themselves nobly it was their own fault He was glad to see the exhibition of Christian union he saw that evening. For his own part he should be very much ashamed to took with an invidious eye upon Presbyterians when he remembered the grandeur of their history and their present proportions, lest he should catch the eagle-like glance of Knox and the Covenanters as they said—'Shame upon you if you despise tbe sy?tem whioh we defended and whioh, by tbe grace of God, made us what we are." He dared not look with unkindly eye upon the Episcopalians, with their magnificent cathedrals. Did he do so he should hear the upbratdlng echoes if Kidley, Latimer, and Cranmer, aa they sang through the grand old strains—" Thon art the Else of Glory, oh Christ; thou art the Sou of the Everlast ing Father." He dared not look with an invidious eye upon Wesleyanism, Methodism, or whatever name that great out burst of religions revival was called, or he should hear the voioe of Wesley saying in his ears— " Let party names and sections fall, And Jesus Christ be all in all." (Cheers.) If he dared to look at his Baptist brothers nnoharitably the words of Banyan would be brought against him: " Pilgrims walk In the straight way. aod don't fall out of it till you reach the Celestial City." (Cheers.) But they all had noble iaots in their history, and noble principles to aot upon; and, as the Chairman had so truly said, the great matters In whioh Christians agreed were so overwhelming in impor tance that the little minor matters shrank into insignifi cance. (Applause.) When they looked at the work to be done In that country—when they looked upon the work God had before them In the islands of the Pacific, he felt that there was no time for party sqa ibbles—little controversies about minor matters. Nelson, on one occasion, when one of bis captains had had a dispute with his commander, told him that there was no time for Britons to squabble when the enemy were drawn op in line in front of them; and so it might be said of them. When they looked at the lines of the enemy drawn up them, and remembered that they were tbe soldiers of Jesus Christ who had to oppose and overcome that enemy, there was no time for party conflicts, when toe great consolidated foe was before them. He then referred to a deeply interesting meeting which had been held in Sydney, when the Ministers of most of the religious denominations met together in united fellowship at the Lord's table; and he remarked that although he had attended many meetings in London, he had never attended a meeting which he thought was more in advance of the past than that gathering. He had never been in a meeting where the spirit of Christ seemed to prevail more, and where parties felt it good to be there. Some of them even remarked that if ever they were to be suddenly called away they euould like to be summoned after such a meeting as that. It was pat into their hearts to contribute to the niiitonvy ibip JJ?y?pring, whioh had jut arrived from the '{Islands, and £*3 was raised amongst them. He recom mended tile (Mends in Adelaide to bare united communions, I when brethren of the Cfanreh ooold meet around the ! emblems of the broken body and shed blood of Christ. Bat he wss not going to preach to them as to what they should do. He bid been asked to say a few words on a subject which man; would think he waa forgetting. The resolution he had to more was as follows :—"That this meeting re- I sards with satisfaction and thankfulness the provision made for religions worship and teaching in this city, and would earnestly Bolioit co-operation for the erection of a sanctuary lin association with the memory of one who labored so faith [ folly and successfully lor the beat interests of the colony." Sow there were two points that they might dwell on for a moment. The first was the satisfaction at the provision made for religious worship, and teaching in the city. Well, certainly, he bad been in no city In the Anstraliaa where each provision was made far religions worship and teaching as in Adelaide. He bad been in cities where he saw more theatres, more public-houses, more literary institutions; but for the population he had been in no town where he saw eo many and each respectable hou?eg of God. He thought that waa a tribute which they paid to themselves. He considered that these bore testi mony to the natural religiousness of the human eouL There was a natural religiousness of the human soul. Some persona eaid that the whole of religion waa a tramped up thing, and asked with ridicule— what are these priests and these artificial thing*? But he maintained that to leave ont the philosophy of the human eonl and Its religious elements would not be a greater mistake than for a geographer to leave oat of his man a continent, or the intellectual faoulties in the psy chology of the religious man. The first relation man sus tained waa that to his Creator, and the principal relation which he could sustain. Preeminently it was with God they bad to do, and they had to do for ever. The greatest struc tures ever built in the world had been religious edifices; the greatest books ever written had been religious books —from the religious books of the East to the Bible now in their pulpits; the greatest wars in the world had been concerning religion; the greatest men God had ever sent into the earth had been animated by religion as their mainspring of action—Milton and Newton bowed before God with profoundest reverence, and they were not the least among earth's greatest men. And if it was a good thing to see an Exchange where men transacted their temporal busi ness, it was a better thing to see a Church where men en gaged In their eternal interests. It was a good thing to see stores and granaries, but it was a better thing to gee the House of God where the bread of life was broken. If it was a good thing to see the institutes for secular instruc tion, it waa better to see the house of wor ship where that knowledge which was eternal life was :communicated to the soaL The religious aspect of man waa the brighest and best It was something like the sunflower. In the morning, when the disc of the flower was turned to the sun, all was opaque and dark be hind ; bat if they went to the other side they would see the brightness and beauty unfolded there. And so it was with the human soul. It was a good thing to meet men in the halls of commerce; bnt there they were only citizens of the earth. When they came into the House of God they ceased to be citizens of the earth and became citizens of Heaven - the light of the San of Blghteoasnese beamed upon them, and every heart wonld unfold itself to His gracious influences. They should rejoice, therefore, in seeing snob Christian structures in that city. Bat let them make a right use of their Houses of God. If there was anything from the Episcopalian form of worship he should like to borrow it was the silence, the reverence, and the response in the Honee of God. (Cheers.) He abominated the sight of people talking at the porches. Let there be no whispering in God's House; no irreverence, or irregu larities Worship was the supreme privilege of the soul, and let eye, heart, and voioe and spirit be concentrated in that worship. He also enjeined punctuality in the attend ance of hearers at places of worship, and expressed pleasure that the resolution referred to those sanctuaries as houses of instruction. He did not believe the House of God was only for worship. Worship might be a dark and blind thing if it was not guided by Christian troth. Scotland stood pre eminent in the intelligence of its Inhabitants, because the ministers there combined Instruction with worship. This taught ministers a lesson. If they were idle and sleepy in tbe study—it they oared more for their vineyards than for their congregation—the people wonld snrely find it ont and go elsewhere—seek -teachers who would Instruct them with greater power. It became them as teachers to keep in the van of the Intelligence of the people, and to beckon them to follow rather than tbe people should precede them. The latter part of tbe resolution solicited coopera tion for the erection of a sanctuary to the memory of their late pastor, and be was ghrf to bear air. Even's remark of the unwilling-ness of tbe congregation to appeal toothers. The thought, however, bad struclthim— what most become of that place of worship when the new sanctuary was completed? Sorely it would not be tamed into mercantile stores. He thought the Christian public bad here an opportunity of doing a noble thing—that was to save effectually that building for the purposes of Christian instruction, either by means of the Sabbath school, lectures on religious subjects, or other similar means or usefulness. He then proceeded to remark that they wonld ail have to pot their hands into their pockets to build their new ohurofa. It must be done perso nally and self-denylngly. and as .in the eight of fesus Christ their Blaster, or it would linger aa a drag on their wheels, a discouragement to their minister, and a public attestation to tbe folly which began to build, and waa not able to finish. He hoped they would enter into the work heartily, and that it would be effectually done. He gave some particulars Illustrative of the liberality of hta congre gation in Sydney on a recent proposal to enlarge P.tt street chapel, and stated that the sum of £3.600 was sub scribed and paid for the land alone, one of the donations being £1,600. If such a spirit of liberality as this was shown by the Mends of the present oau-e the Stow Memorial Church would soon be erected free from indebtedness. He threw out the suggestion that there waa sufficient onion no J catholicity of spirit among tbe various Churcqes to induce them to give one Sabbath's collection towards a eanotaary whioh was to be erected aa a memorial to one whom they all 10 loved and esteemed. The reverend gentleman pro ceeded in happy and vigorous language to enforce upon his audience tbe principle of working earnestly on behalf of the undertaking they had that day commences, reminding them that It would stir their life's blood and souls more than mere doctrines wonld ever do. He would urge them all to work tor God. It was something with man as it was in nature—everything had something to give and diffuse : and if they did not do thi? they sustained injury and denied good. In the words of Wilcox— " Would'et thou from sorrow find a sweet relief. Or ia thy heart oppressed with woes untold ; Balm would'st thou gather from corroding grief— Pour blessings round thee like a shower of gold ; 'Tis when the rose Is wrapped in many a fold Clo?e to its heart the worm is wasting there its life and beauty, Not when all unrolled its bosom rich and fair. Pours fully its perfumes throughout the ambient air." He deprecated selfishness, and said it would never make a man nappy, but would shut up his heart against the breath of heaven which wonld kill the worm that sacked ont the life-blood of his happiness. But let him open bis heart to God and man and like the expanded rose there wonld be beauty and fragrance where otherwise there would be death and decay. He expected the congregation to do their duty nobly. If every member worked heart and hand—prayerfully and liberally, unitedly and affectionately—they would see the Stow Memorial Church rise in its beauty, and with free and glad hearts they wonld worship God within its fair propor tions, feelingthat they owed no man anything, and that all they bad to do was to love one another. In the meantime, he trusted the other Christian brethren of other denominations would show their respect for the memory of one of their noblest colonists -the friend of freedom, the friend of God, and the friend of man. (Loud and prolonged cheers.) Mr. B. A. Tablton eeoonded the motion, and remarked, that many of them had witnessed with no. ordinary joy the oeremony of that afternoon—a ceremony to which memory wonld gladly flee, as it wonld prove a sunny spot that none would be willing to forget. (Hear, bear.) lie maintained that he who honored a great and good man did honor to himself. (Sear, hear.) It was like mercy, blessing both him who gave, and he who received. He (Mr. Tarlton) should be doing violence to his better nature if he refused publicly to express the profound admiration with which he regarded the memory of Thomas Qnlnton Stow. (Cheera.) He came to the colony—after having gone to the other provinces — a man broken down- in health, and there waa a physician present who would not give him a certificate for twelve months. But on known to anybody one of the greatest and best men of the colony—Mr. Stow—found him out, and came to him In a time of surging trial and sorrow, and spoke words nto his eare which his memory would never forget—words whioh he always associated with his noble heart and his equally noble countenanoe. (Applause.) The ultimate fruits of such a life as Mr. Stow lived would require generations to unfold to maturity. Par down In the blue waters of tbe Paoulc Ocean there were little workers that were constantly making deposits and building calls. One died and another succeeded, and millions even perished without any visible result The foundation was surely and certainly being laid. Invisible to the human eye—imperceptible tn them—the coral reef gradually rose until It stood erect above the ocean, and hurled back with giant-force the waves that lashed against it In process of time the winds wafted, and birds carried seeds across tbe ocean and dropped them opon this rock, where upsprung grass, the banana, the cocoanut tree, and other tropical vegetation. At length man sought bis home there, and planted himself beneath the grateful shade of the luxuriant trees, so that on that very spot where at times the ocean was laahed into a tempest, or at other moments slept like a burnished mirror, reflecting objects of exquisite beauty—there, on that very spot, at this hour, there were hundreds of Christian homes sendingup an audible voioe of praise daily Into the ear of GodTvast as was this change In tbe physical economy of nature, be held that it was no greater than the change which Mr. Stow had wit nessed from the time of bis arrival in the colony to the period when he died a successful minister of tbe truth. The forest bad given place to the -vineyard, tbe fruitful field, and tbe thronged city. Temples of worship met the eye, and senates, warehouses, and banks bore their testi mony to the progress which bad been made. The very sands upon which their departed friend trod, and which for ages had only been marked by the ripple of the ocean and the occasional footprints of the wild sea-bird, now formed the promenade where Invalids delighted to drink in health, and where the little child loved to build its mimic castle of sand. These things were but the types and symbols of the matured spiritual changes which Mr. Stow looked upon. H-> had laid In the heart of South Australia the principles ot freedom and righteousness whioh it would require ages yet unborn to work Into beauty and give them exquisite finish. (Applause.) If he had done deeds like this ought they not to honor him ? Kgypt Persia, and Paris had raised magnificent monuments to the memory of their illustrious dead. They, however, did not ask them to erect a column or arehe de triumph* ; bnt s temple to the living God. A column would be useless, and an arehe de triumph* would not serve tbe purpose they bad tn view; they asked for a temple in whioh there should be the. true Betbsalda, where tbe halt, and tht blind, and the maimed could receive a heavenly healing. Now they asked that night for their hearty and cheerful co-operation in the work. They did not ask a bankrupt to give, bat only those who had abundance, and who would give cheerfully out of that abundance. In conclusion, he asked that they would make their previous promises and contributions appear as brass and Iron—using the words of propheoy—compared with the gold and silver which they were willing to pour Into the House of God (Plaudits.) The collection was then made, and the-anthem " The Lord is King" was very excellently sung. Mr.K. A Tarltoh eaid be had been requested by tbe Committee to state that the sale of tickets had realized £20. the trays £11, and tbe collection that night £68-making a total of £101, which they regarded only a drop compared with the ocean which they expected to get lie then an nounced that as that was a favorable opportunity, collectors would pass down the aisles to obtain promises of sums whioh any persons might wish to give After some interruption, occasioned by the collection, the Chairman announced that the third resolution, which it waa Intended the Rev. J. Jefferis should move, and the Bev. J. Lyall second, waa allowed.to elapse. The motion whioh they were to have spoken to ;was as fol lows:—"That this meeting would rejoice in any existing indications of a closer union and more cordial fellowship between different 16011008 of the Church of Christ, and earnestly prays that the progress of troth and charity may destroy the evils of sectarianism, and that In this favored oommunlty may be seen the goodly spectacle of ' brethren dwelling together in unity.'" The Bev. J. Maugban then moved the fourth resolution, as follows—"That the thaoks of this mee'ing are doe. and are hereby cordially presented to the ladies for their exer tions In providing the tea, to His Honor the Chief Justice for presiding, and to the choir for their services." He ex pressed regret that the meeting had lost the speeches of Mr. Jefferis and Mr. Lyall, but said be felt glad at being present, because it gave him the opportunity of doing homage to tbe memory of one whom he had not the pleasure of knowing, but who?e praise was in all the Churches, and whose name wonld live In connection with the eoclesiastioal history of the colony when they had passed into eternity. He was also pleased In attending that meeting, because It gave him an opportunity of associating (himself with tbe festivities connected with one of the oldest and most Important churches of the colony. Another source or pleasure in being present was to evince bis sympathy for that Church, and with every other Christian effort which had for its object the extension of the Church of Christ. Mr. Tarlton had said they did not wish to erect an arehe de triumphe; bnt as the roof was] to be hexagons' they woold at any rate have a hexagon de triumphs. He trusted that the friends of the cause would oonuaut to contribute towards Hit building, rf"ilnfl' ng them that In so doing: they were doing honor to themselves. He humorously alluded to tbe ?esistanoe of the ladies, and referred to the honor which was conferred npon the Church by their having the Chief Justice as one of the members o | tbe congregation, so able and so willing to preside at meetings i like that. He wished that he and the Wealeyang had a Chief JosUoe in each of their congregations. Th? Choir had discoursed to them delicious dmmYo and deserved equally with tbe others a vote of thanks. Ur. G. A. Llotd. of Sydney, in a few appropriate words, secjnded the motion, but before sitting down said be should not like to leave the oolony without doing something for the proposed Memorial Church. If, therefore, nine gentlemen would subscribe £20 each by next Thursday, when he would leave, he would oonaent to make the tenth. (Cheers.) The motion was carried, and suitably acknowledged by His Honor the Chief Justice. • rhe Bev. C. W. Evan mentioned that he had received that evening a cheqae of £10 as a thank offering from a person belonging to another Church, and added that If any others wished to signify their gratitude in a similar way the Committee would be happy to afford them a channel through which that gratitu le might flow. The Doxoloiy was sang, after which the Bev. J. Graham pronounced the Benediction, and tbe proceedings, which were moit auspicious from beginning to end, terminated. The total receipts in connection with these interesting ser vices were as follows:—Collections after sermons on Sunday, by Bev. John Graham, £66; offerings at the Stone, £65 ; collection at public meeting. £68; prooeeds of tea meeting, £6G; and £200 contributed by ten gentlemen In response to an offer made by Mr. Lloyd, of Sydney. Total, £176. 