.. INTRODUCTION. ABTEHTTS WAUD was born away down east in the town of Waterford, Me., in 1836. When quite young he entered a printingoffice, and in a short time was considered a first-rate type-sticker, but getting tired of seeing the same old faces every day, he determined to start on a travelling tour. He did so, and visited all the principal towns in New England, stopping at eaoh place for a brief period, working at his trade. He finally settled down in Boston, where he worked with "stick and rale" until his genius soared above the " case," and he was soon ensconced in the editorial chair, revelling in the flowery paths of literature. Comic stories and comic essays were his " fortos," as a celebrated divine onoeremarked. Hie effusions were read far and wide, andgainedfor him ina short timea very enviable reputation. Boston proving too small for the development of his ambitious ideas, he packed up his oarpet-bag and steered for the West. On the shores of Lake Erie, and on the bauks of the Ohio and Mississippi, he picked up that knowledge of WeBtern life, and acquired that acute insight into the comic side of Western oharacter, which have stood out so conspicuously in his humorous sketches. In.Toledo, Ohio, Mr. Brown gained much oredit as a writer. From Toledo he wended his steps to Cleveland, and took up his quarters in the editoral department of the Plaindealer. Up "to this p'int in bis eventful life" he was known 8S plain Charles F. Brown, but as eoon as he commenced operations in Cleveland he baptised himself " Artemus Ward." Assuming the management of his celebrated " wax figgers," his fame waxed higher ^d higher. Cleveland, like all other places that he had visited, became in its turn too small to hold him any longer, and he came to New York in the fall of 1860, -and became enrolled among the corps editorial of Vanity Fair. His first attempt at lecturing was at Norwich, Conn., since which time be has been well known as a lecturer and comic author. His chief sub- jects are "The Babes-in the Wood," "-Sixty Minutes in 'Af/tca* " An Hour with President Lincoln," "Artemus Ward'B Struggle with the Ghost," and Life amoug the Mor-> mons." His lectures have been among the most popular of any delivered in this couhtry. He has received from literary societies very high sums for lecturing, and we have also heard it reliably ^tated that," recognising the debt of. gratitude he owes to his country, he lias contributed nearly. 5,000 dollars to the Union cause by lectures delivered withirf the past two years. On the 13th of October, 1863, he sailed for California, preceded a month previous by Mr. HiDgston as business manager. He gave his first comic oration at Piatt's Music Hall, San Erancisco, November 13th. The tickets were one dollar each, and the hall was filled to its utmost capacity- The receipts amounted to 1,465 dollars. His subject was " The Babes in the Wood." His second oration was delivered November 17th, at the same place, when the hall was not near large enough to hold the crowd. He then started on a tour through the country, appearing at Stockton, Marysville, and Sacramento. He repeated his " Babes the Wood" at the Metropolitan Theatre, San Erancisco, to a 900-dollar house. At a little town called Folsom, in a little mining theatre of rough boards, he had 150 dollars. The joke of the lecture did not seem to be verywell understood, however, for in the midst of it the gentlemen with short pipes in the orchestra stalls requested Artemus to favor them with a song, persisting in their call till he gave them a new version of " Billy Barlow," after which they treated him to " can oysters" and Californian wine. In Oroville and Nevada City he lectured in a church. In Auburn he expatiated in a billiard-saloon. At Jackson, the new theatre not being built, he appeared in the basement of the gaol for one night only. The murderer's cells opened into it all the way round, and throwing open the iron doors the cells could be turned into private boxes. At San Jose they illuminated the city with tar- barrels, which blazed in every thoroughfare on the night of his arrival. At Santa Clara, the building not being large enough, the entire audience adjourned to the open air, while Artemus, supported by Hingston, his agent, holding two wax candles, " spoke his piece" beneath the canopy of the starry skies. While on his way to Salt Lake City he was captured by the Indians, who threatened to scalp him and carry him into captivity unless he danced the " Essence of Virginny." It was torture sufficient when miners in California made him sing a comic song, but the idea of dancing a nigger schottische was ten times worse. Brigham Young being " in" with the Injuns, succeeded in having the showman restored to liberty and the Mormon women. The change, however wasn't much better. After beiug caught by the Indians (and liberated), he in turn caught the typhoid fever, which was running loose in those parts, and it was given out that he was " sick unto death." On the 24th of February he leotured at Denver City. On the next evening be "spoke a piece*' in Central City among the gold-miners—admission one dollar. Most of the tickets were bought up by speculators, and retailed by them at three, four, and five dollars each Artemus and Hingston had a third capsize on the summit of the Rocky Mountains, at Bridger's Pass. The sleigh waB broken, and they had to walk four miles through the snow at midnight. Both wore attacked by a troop of hungry wolves, and they had to beat back the beasts with revolvers. Returned to New York, April 3rd, 1864. On the 17th of October he opened Dodworth Hall with his representation on canvas of his travels in California and Salt Lake City. He opened to a very crowded auditory, and has continued up to the present writing to appear each night to the Site of the city. His speculation, thus far, has proved a great success. During the representation of the " picters," Artemus is on hand, and desoribes in his own happy style everything that is interesting to his auditors, and more too. He is exceedingly funny, and keeps his hearers in a continual roar of laughter from the moment he first opens his muth until the audience are dismissed for. the night. In appearance Artemus Ward is tall, slender, and lightoomplexioned, with prominent features, fair hair, and vetr mirthful eyes. The following are samples •' of Artemus Ward's peculiar style of advertising;:—" RTEMUS WARD ! ARTEMUS WARD! A •IS AT HOME EVERY EVENING. AND ARTEMUS WARD RECEIVES CALLS AT D0DSW0BTH HALT,, 806, BBOADWAY, ' where he has positively NO OBJECTIONS TO SEEING YOU. N.B.—The Hall is bounded on the northwest by Broadway and the head of Eleventhstreet, on the south-east by a yard, ou the north-east by a vacant lot, and on the southwest by Grace Church. ArtemuB Ward as speaks at Dodworth Hall and shows his Paintings the Evening of Every Day at 8 o'clock. Opening his Portals at 7J o'clock. Gates of Ticket Bureau thrown wide to the public from 9 till 5. 806, Broadway, handy to Grace Churoh. 