MR. BAGEHOÏ ON TENNYSON. (From the Spectator, November 2G.) Mn. WAT.TJJR BAGEHOT is one of the very best of our English literary critics, and his recent Essay on " The Pure, Ornale, and Grotesque Schools of Poetry," is one of thc ablest of his many masterly and easy criticisms. It would bc far beyond the limits of a newspaper article to follow him through thc thread of his reasoning, but as he aims at modifying one very im- portant literary estimate of the present genera- tion, thc esteem, wc mean, in which our only great living poet, Tennyson, is generally held, as we think, at modifying it, in great measure at least, erroneously, it is worth while explain- ing and discussing his doctrine. Mr. Bagehot's teaching is, that poetry should delineate types, classes, objects of more or less universal in- terest, rnd not descend to mere individual life, that the individualizing touches should be such, and such only, as bring out the universal features with greater force, that Tennyson's bias, the bias to which at least he too frequently yields, is towards " ornate " art, which smothers these universal or typical characteristics in accidental beauties, and'that thc most perfect example of this fault is to be found in his recent poem of "Enoch Arden," as the most perfect example of his purest style is to be found in the poem on " Thc Northern Farmer." We suspect the theory of this criticism is wrong, although many of its | practical applications may be partially right; ¡ that thc critic, able as he is, has given a false reason for a correct general taste ; and that the 1 tendency of that theory, if it be admitted, is to condemn many of the poet Laureate's most characteristic poems, not only " Enoch Arden," still less, such traces only, of excessive luxu- riance as may no doubt be detected in many of the poems of Tennyson. Miv Bagehot's theory seems indeed almost to ignore that field of poetry in which Tennyson's power is most sin- gular and most perfect. In the first place, we cannot believe it to bc, as Mr. Bagehot evidently considers it, the cha- racteristic of either art or poetry to "explain" to us our own experience. That, we should say, was rather the characteristic of philosophy than of poetry; and though it may be an incidental diann which some fine art and some fine poetry has that it does so, it is in the expressive rather than the " explanatory " power that the essential worth of both art and poetry consists. The powerful expression of tho most vital and therefore generally the most latent character- istics of either nature, or man, or what lies par- tially above man,-that we take to be of the essence of the various fine arts, not the exposi- tion or explanation of typical qualities, to which, indeed, either art or- poetry may contribute much, and not perhaps accidentally, but which is by no means its first aim. Mr. Bagehot says a true picture is that which catches most per- fectly the general character of the scenery it de- lineates, so as to embody it in an individual scene. But this reference back to the number of particular experiences embodied and gene- ralized, cannot surely be of the essence of a fine picture. It is quite conceivable that a scene such as had never been beheld would make the noblest of pictures. Mr. Bagehot may say, " Yes, be- cause it would be itself a type, though it were the only individual of that type." Then how is it known to be a type ? Surely he is substitut- ing the philosophical idea for the artistic ? That which tells us that a scene to which wc have never beheld anything analogous is a great subject for a picture, is not its explaining or interpreting power, but that deep sense of vital harmony in the artist's mind which measures' almost instantaneously the quantity, if we may so call it, of concordant living expression which any particular scene contains. It is not* be- cause it is a typical scene, but because it is full , of mutually enhancing effects, because it has a capacity for bringing out living features which are elsewhere latent, that thc artist knows it to bc a great subject for his art. Itmay.no doubt, also be typical-but it is not its capacity as a type, it is not its universality, but Usefulness of qualities which agree with and set off each other, that recommends it to thc artist. Raphael's " Madonna di San Sisto " is probably the greatest picture of its kind in the world, and yet does much less to interpret any man's past experience than to give him one wholly new. lt expresses a combination of infantine innocence and divine depth of nature,-it gathers into the baby's eye tho gleam of the eternal world, the novel wonder of life, the fore- boding of victorious passion, and the perfect rest of love, which we should say it was simply idle for ai^artist to attempt if thc artist had not first shown us that tho attempt could suc- ceed. Well, surely thc characteristic of this picture is not that it represents a type of which it is the only specimen, but that it gathers together for thc first time a combination of harmonious expressions which only thc greatest of artists could conceive and realise to others. It is in thc individualising power that (he artist shows himself. Of course thc larger thc num- ber of harmonious effects which he brings to a focus, the wider is thc field of intellectual memory to which he appeals, but it is not thc I characteristic test of his success that he clears i and deepens your understanding of the past, but that he thrills you with a sense of living ¡power and harmony, ol'latent life brought to the ,'surfnce, of new creation such as nature in her highest and happiest moments produces. : Precisely the same remark seems to us to .apply to Mr. Bagehot's theory of poetry. He ¡objects to " ornate " poetry because it drowns "thc type" in overgrowths of individualising ?effect. We should object to ornate poetry simply because it docs not individualise, be- cause it fnils to connect together the many touches into a living whole. If it does this, we should deny that it could bc ornate, and should care nothing about the typo. If it fails lo do this, whether through exuberance in detail, or through any other cause, it fails in art, because all art aims at life-like unity, and poetry especially aims at expressing the deepest unity of life. So far wc are agreed with Mr. Bagehot in objecting to ornate poetry, though for a different reason. But his "typical" theory mis- leads him, we think, in his estimate of Tennyson. Thinking of a type as the true object of poetic delineation, he asks himself if Enoch Arden is a typical sailor. He discovers that Enoch Arden is not a typical sailor, that his feelings arc too fine for a sailor's, his perceptions too delicate, his appearance too clean, and his fish-basket too ornamental. By thc way, we may just observe that Enoch Arden is not pro- perly a sailor at all, but a ^fisherman-a very different class of man indeed, one much more trained lo self-denial, and overgenerous heroism (han .sailors-and not liable to many of the influences which have a peculiar effect in making thc sailors as a class coarse, loose, and untidy. But to criticise "Enoch Arden" fairly, we do not think wc have any business with the ques- tion of type at all, but only with the poet's con- ception. We do not think Mr. Tennyson had tlie slightest intention of describing the class . even of fishermen,-still less of describing this fisherman dramatically, and from his own point of view. The whole idea of the poem seems to us to be, to describe an act of heroism from the poet's own centre of thought-to describe it in thc unity of its effect on his own imagination. And it seems at least as irrelevant to say that Enoch Arden, being a poor fisherman, would never have noticed (he beauties of the tropical scenery in his desert Island as it was in Lord Jeffrey, for instance, to describe Words- worth's poem on " Thc Thorn" by saying that a woman in a red cloak went up to thc top of a hill, said " Oh misery !" and came down again. Thc whole perspective of Wordsworth's poem is false if you do not recognise thc me- ditative centre of it in the poet's own mind, and thc whole perspective of Mr. Tennyson's poem is also false if you transfer yourself to linoel] Arden's own point of view, except so far as a poet fashioning for himself the details ol' thc story, and following his hero in imagination through every step of it, would identify himseli with it. You must grant a poet his own point of view as much as you would a painter. Mr Bagehot looks through thc fisherman's eyes and says Mr. Tennyson's picture is false. Bu¡ I Mr. Tennyson did not attempt for a moment tt look through the fisherman's eyes, but to loo! i through his own at the story of thc fisherman'! I heroism. And surely it is artistically as justl fiable to reflect thc impressions which a grca action produces on a poetic imagination, as i confessedly is to paint a landscape, as Words worth almost always does, through the sub jeetive impressions it awakens rather than {< paint its mere external features. We admi that Mr. Tennyson throws fow meditativi touches into thc picture, but still everythinj seen and everything suffered is, without dis guise, described as it would appear to tin poet's narrating imagination, not dramatically But further, to view Mr. Tennyson's luxu riance as due to the love of ornament is, w< think, to ignore Ids greatest power as a poet It seems to us that his special genius is showi in delineating the highly complex moods o mind,-half observation, half thought, half feel ing, half humour,-so characteristic of moder) reflection. His finest moods are all higlil composite. We find in most of them a relax ation and a nervous strength, a strong fibre c thought and a languor of sentiment, a flash c faith, a vivid piclorial instinct, and then a dynv away of impulse which represents the strangel mixcd'clements of our modern life making it first effort to combine in earnest the materir and spiritual worlds, and scarcely knowing hoi to weave its science and its faith, its melanchol and its earnestness together, with doing ir justice to something else in which it carncstl believes, or believes that it believes. Look, fo instance, at such a poem as " Will Waterproof Lyrical Monologue,"-the wonderful ease wit ! \vhich it passes through the various moods < slight vinous exaltation, tender memory, wistfi hopes, humourous observation on kindling th fancy, freaks of conception dying away int bantering melancholy, half grave, half gay : " No vain libation to tho Muso, Bul may sho Brill bo kind, And whisper lovely words, and uso Her influence on tho mind, To niako me write my random rhymes, Ero thoy bo half-forgotten ¡ Nor add and alter, many times, Till all be ripe and rotten. " I pledgo her, and sho comes and dips Her laurel in tho wine, And lays it thrice upon my lips, Thcso favour* d lips of mino; Until the charm have power to make New lifeblood warm tho bosom, And barren commonplaces break In full and kindly blossom. " I pledgo her silent at tho board j Her gradual Angers steal And touch upon tho master-chord Of all I folt and feel. » Old wishos, ghosts of broken plans, I ' And phantom hopes assomblo ; jftjid that child's heart within tho mau » i - Begins to move aftd kcmllo, " Thro' many nu hour of summer sims, Hy many pleasant ways, Agninst ¡ls tonnlnin upward runs '1'ho current of my days : I kiss tho lips I once havo kissed ; Tho gas-light wavers dimmer; And softly, thro' ii vinous mist, My collège friendships glimmer." If Mr. Tennyson .sometimes falls into over-lux- uriance, it is not usually through any tendency to adorn, but through the press of complex, moods,-observing, thoughtful, religious, scien- tific, humorous, imaginative,-which cry for de- lineation in thc same reverie. Sometimes, no doubt, he ma}- fail tu give the perfect unity to this complexity, and then Mr. Bagehot would call him ornate. But it is not due to thc love of studding a bright picture with brilliant orna- ments, but to thc number of flying threads of feeling, fancy, and faith which he feels to be really wanting to thc unity of his own concep- tion. It is not that bc is trying to beautify a " type" with a crowd of harmonious associa- tions, but that he has not truly individualised his own conception till he has introduced the complex delicacies of expression all of which are ot' its very essence. Mr. Bagehot may say that a poet should choose simpler subjects. But if he did, he would fail to express thc most characteristic life of the day,-which is not simple, but full of flickering lights and flying shadows. With a simple subject like " Thc Northern Fanner (Old Style)" Mr. Tennyson can bc simple and direct enough. But "The Northern Farmer" is pf the "old style," nor would Mr. Tennyson be the great poet he is if lie had limited himself to poems on subjects so simple , and massive, while hp can paint so powerfully an inward life by no means simple and massive, but, on thc contrary, various, fitful, involved, eager, speculative-yet still the life of our time, thc best life wc have-our own. Classical and typical poetry may be good in its way; but it is not in classical and typical poetry that you can delineate thc involutions of modem thought and feeling. 