ORIGINAL POETRY. "THE NERVII." BY OXONIAN. A Roman camp frowns o'er the frozen Rhine, Rude snow-capp'd huts in many an even line; Dark woods around, heavy with hardened snow, Stars glimmering red above, shrill winds below, Hordes of gaunt wolves about the vallum prowling, Filling the air with dismal uncouth howling-- Limn on these outlines each one as ye will, Give Fancy scope--I trow she lacks not skill:-- Within the huts, or sleep, or some rude tale, Or homespun ditty, or the loud wassail, Draws on the night. Here, step aside with me, Hear with my ears awhile, awhile with my eyes see. "Where got I this deep gash?" say'st thou; well, an' ye list to hear, The tale may while away an hour, and help the night to cheer; Here, Ambact, bring some pine-logs in, and drive those wolves from the door, I think they be damnèd German ghosts, they make so much uproar. So, so, my boys! a cheery blaze; how these pine logs do glow, Rare physic this for whistling winds and clouds of driving snow. Now, Marcus, pass that loitering stoup--aha! right well he sings Who says, "Wine doth sharpen a man's dull wits, and slacken his tied tongue-strings." Now to my tale. 'Tis, let me see, some fifteen years or so-- It seems as 'twere but yesterday; Jove! how the time does go— The Belgian host were scattered all, each tribe to its own land, And now they all must feel in turn great Cæsar's vengeful hand. The woods were green with summer leaves, the fields were thick with corn, The startled cattle scoured in herds before the winded horn; Of forage and of provender no lack, I trow, had we, And like some train of holidays we marched right merrily. Ere long our merry march was marred, for soon before our eyes For miles on miles to left and right the Nervian hedges rise; So matted all with briar and thorn, so thick, so tall they grew, Small chance for rieving Gallic horse to ride that country through. Secure within the Nervii dwelt, the fiercest tribe of all Of German blood that fattened on the teeming fields of Gaul; They would no wine nor trader bring his wares to traffic there, Their drink the stream, their home-raised food their sole and hardy fare. We wheeled, and marched, and countermarched--ne'er saw I such ado; At last 'twas ''Take your axes men, and cut a road right through." "Burn it?" sayst thou--why man 'twas all as green and full of juices As Mantua's plain of a summer's eve when they've opened all the sluices. "Burn it?" Ha! ha! methinks I see great Cæsar standing by A-waiting till the toiling fire smoked out his enemy: By Pollux! no, 'twas never so, but "Soldiers, there's your foe." If Hell's black gulf yawned wide between, straight o'er it we must go. Full fain were we at last to see the chosen camping- ground-- An open ridge, with clumps of copse and hedges dotted round; In front it fell with even slope to where a broad deep stream Shone here and there amid the trees with many a silvery gleam. Beyond, the little river plain swelled up into a hill Just o'er against us, topped with woods in the sunshine sleeping still; Along the vale the Numidæ at gallop shouting go, And hold in chase (for so they seemed) some stragglers from the foe. Our arms are piled, and pick and spade right busily are plied, And soon the vallum 'gins to creep along the broad hill side; From out the echoing woods behind ever and anon we hear The teamster's lash, the teamster's cries, as the baggage train drew near Man's thought it is the strangest thing, it flits just like the wind; As in the trench I toiled apace old times thronged through my mind-- The laugh and jest, and flout and gibe, fell idly on my ears As step by step I seemed to go back on the track of years. Thou, Sextus, saw'st that avalanche break from dark Jura's crown, How loosened rocks and shattered pines before it thundered down; Methought somehow I heard again that very self-same roar That smote our ears as we lay camped on Leman's neighbouring shore. And as I raised my head, great gods! I saw a mighty flood Of living men, no stocks and stones, pour from the treacherous wood. Their huge shields clashed, their broadswords flashed, their wild cries rent the air As down the slope, across the stream, and up the hill they tear; Across the stream and up the hill at headlong speed they come, Their giant forms have crowned the brow, yet we stand still and dumb; I' the slant sunbeam their fierce eyes glare, their long locks tossing all behind-- Ah! many a time in the lonely watch that charge comes to my mind. From our trance we start, to our arms we dart, small time our ranks to form— Small time, my mates, to roof your house when o'er ye drives the storm-- But snatching shield and pilum up we stood as best we might, Unhelmed half, unready all, more ripe for rest than fight I bore the eagle of the Twelfth, and I drove 't into the ground, And soon a ring of Roman swords had fenced it all around; Leftward a space the Seventh was ranged, and, far as I might see, Our legions seemed like sea-banks burst and torn by a tawny sea. I marked the Nervian chief--his frame, his limbs of mighty mould, His blazoned shield, his golden torque, and eke his bearing bold; Thrice with his chosen vassals girt to me he cleared his way, And thrice our bravest swords went down, nor mote his onslaught stay. 'Twas he that seamed my forehead thus, and, but I turned the blow, I were not here to tell ye now who 'twas that laid me low; But dizzy, reeling, blind with blood, to the eagle still I clave, And o'er me, as I fell, swept on the angry battle- wave; Yet through my deadly swoon I heard, as trodden down I lay Beneath the feet of struggling men, the turmoil of the fray, The curse, the groan, the yell, the crash of riven mail and shield; And for the eagle sore I quaked, if that our men should yield. But suddenly upon my btain there fell, as 'twere, a spell, "Be steady, men, be steady!" and I felt that all was well, I knew the gallant ringing voice, and I held me there at rest As calmly, aye, as e'er I hung upon my mother's breast. Jeer, an' ye will, that my worn face with bitter brine is wet When I think how our great Captain fell, snared in a traitor's net: Had I been there, ye murdering hounds--Well, well, let be, let be, The day may come when these old hands may wreak their spite on ye. Whenever fellest danger frowned, did ever he shrink back? Wherever hardest toil was found, was ever he found slack? Whenever surest need arose, saw ye him ever fail? When every heart was faint and dead, did ever his heart quail? I cannot choose but think of him, I cannot choose but speak, I cannot check the unbidden tears that trickle down my cheek-- Bear with me, men, for he is dead that held the world in play, In peace or war without a peer--and who shall say me nay? Long I was stretched in that dull faint, and when at length I rose, All chill and sore, the sun was down, the fight was at the close; Piled like a rampart all in front the fallen warriors lay, And from that ghastly vantage-ground the remnant fought at bay. No longer huddled all in heaps, cooped in by circling foes, Ta'en unawares, half-armed, our men were changing desperate blows; Like a triple chain the serried lines were sweeping down the hill, And the Roman sword of Nervian gore was drinking deep its fill. "How came 't to pass?" I know not, I; Cæsar would have it so; Some say the Tenth had saved the fight; but what I know, I know; And had the Tenth been where we were they had no better fared, 'Twas no great feat, I trow, to beat those whom our swords had spared. Let Ambact tell how it befell, for he went through it all, From the first wild charge till when he saw his latest kinsman fall; Some of the Twelfth had saved his life, and since then he has been Where'er in any nook o' earth their eagle has been seen. 