THE PAI MAEIRE MOVEMENT ES' NEW ZEALAND. Among the intercolonial papers, recently to hand, is a report from the Assistant Native Secretary oE New Zealand on the origin and history of the Pai Marire movement. These words are the name of the new religion or fanaticism which has sprung up among the New Zealand Natives, and it appears to have commenced at the time of the wreck of the Lord Worsley. The following is the very interesting re port of the Native Secretary : — Horopapara Te Ua, the originator, is a Taranaki native, and was for rears a teacher (Kai KaraKiaj. Utt me occasion in. the Lord Worsley being wrecked, he tried very hard to induce the tribe not to interfere with the wrecks further than to render assistance, and desired them, to cllow us free access to the wreck ; but having been opposed by the tribe, he was said to have taken their stubborn opposition very much to heart, and went wrong in his mind in consequence. ' A few weeks after the wreck of the Lord Worsley, Horopapara To TJaeame from theTaranakidistrictwitlianothernative teacher named Totaia, to Poutoko, Ropato Ngarongo mate'a place, where he sent for me. I went to them* and had a long conversation with them. Totaia was a strong Kingite, and wanted peace on their own terms, ?which required considerable concessions on the part of (Government. Horopapara wanted peace, and would consent to any terms the Government might pro pose. He said he was a Government man, and did not want a Maori King ; and on being crossed by Totaia he became very much excited, and showed tm mistakeable signs of insanity and madness. Nothing would satisfy him but for me to walk a circle with, him, which I did to quiet him, and during the whole time we were doing so lie was repeating tlie words — ' Atua pai marire, Hohou i te rongo pai marire, Tihapga pai marire, mabi pai mafire.' At that time nothing bad been said of the new religion by that name, and the tribe regarded Horopapara as a mad man, and kept watch over him. A short time after this he used violence towards the wife of Xe Meiha (Big Jack) ; and in retaliation Te Meiha punished Te Ua severely by beating him, and tied him hand and foot. From this time the superstitious part of the tradition as regards their Fai Marire commenced. Horopapara states that the Archangel ' Michael and the Archangel Gabriel, together with an innumerable host of ministering spirits, came ashore from the Lord Worsley, and that whilst he waB tied hand and foot, as before mentioned, the angel Gabriel appeared before him the first time, and told him to release himself from hie bonds, which with the slightest effort he did. That on Meiha seeing him released, he again seized him and chained him, and pnt a lock upon the chain. That Te Ua then said — ' What is this to me ? ' and with the slightest effort again burst asunder the chain, and every line. wag,, broken and scattered upon the ground, and Horopa para set at liberty. The spectators then began to say among themselves — 'Can he have done this of his own strength, or is it some supernatural influence ? x and from that time they began to be afraid of him. Te Ua then went to his own place in Upper Taranaki, and on a certain day he was in his own house, and fell asleep, and was in a trance, when a great light descended from Heaven, and a voice called to him — ' To rise and stand on his feet,' when he saw a great multitude of every race upon earth. A voice then, said to him — ' Horopapara, go out of your house, taka yonr eon and kill him.' Horopapara took his son, and twiBted the legs until the bone broke in several places. A voice then cried — 'Horopapara, spare, yonr eon.' The angel Gabriel then said — ' Take your son, and wash him with water.' He took his eon to ^ a river, called Wairau (in the Upper Taranaki dis-* trict), and washed him, and the leg was restored whole as the other. The angel Gabriel then said to him — ' Go back to yonr house, and erect a new niu.* Horopapara enquired of the angel what a niu was.. The angel replied ' A poet.' Horopapara inquired for what purpose. The angel replied, ' Work for you for the acquirement of the languages of all races upon the earth.' Horopapara enquired of the angel who was to impart to him the gift of languages. The angel replied, 'The spirit of God, passing with the* winds, will teach you.' Horopapara then asked the angel, « What of the winds ?* Tke angel replied, 'As the winds of Heaven proceed to all quarters of the globe, so from the niu proceeded all the different forms of religion upon earth.' The angel Gabriel then sang tbe following hymn ': — ' ? Gabriel's song of love to his people standing naked. '' llotn Hawke. God pai marire, God pai marire, rire, rire. God tbe Son, pai marire, God the Son pai marire; rire, rire. God the Holy Gbost pal marire, God the Holy Ghost pai marire, rire, rire. Glory be to thee. O Jehovah, in this world. And the Throne ! and the Throne l and the Throne 1* This is all I know of tbe origin of the Pai Marire/ which no doubt was set on foot by Horopapara Te Ua. The hymn of tbe angel is now used in their daily religious service, and tke sign of the descent of the Holy Ghost upon any of them, is a cold shivering „ at the time they are performing the circle marching round the ' niu.' After the cold shivering has passed off, they are inspired with the gift of languages, some of which I have heard attempted. A perfectly un intelligible jargon to themselves and to others. Same- . timeB may be beard a word of Maori intermixed.- It is due to Horopapara to state that, from every report which I hear of him, he constantly urges the insur gents to discontinue aggressive movements, and to sue for peace, but on what conditions I have never heard. . . ' I have, &c.;, ' E. Paeeis, Assistant Native See.' Ceremonial at a Jewish Wsodtss — At the wedding of Baron Ferdinand Rothschild with his cousin, Miss Evelina Rothschild, lately, we read that tbe service was partially chanted by the choristers of the Great Synagogue, the choir being conducted by Mr. Moniback. It commenced with an address from the Chief Rabbi, who exhorted the bride and bride groom to lead a pure and holy life. A solemn prayer and blessing' followed, after which the bridal pair partook of the contents of a wine-cap, and the bride groom placed the ring on the finger of the bride in testimony of his being wedded to her according to tbe law of Moses and Israel. The marriage contract, setting forth its duties, was then read, and a second wine-cup was presented to the pair, and then the Chief Rabbi invoked npon them the seven blessings. The invocation ended, the Chief Rabbi congratulated the pair, and offered up a supplication for the poor of the Land of Promise. The wine-cup was then taken by the bridegroom, who, after tasting tbe con tents, dashed the glass to the ground, to denote the precarious nature of life and joy, and to commemorate that great sorrow of the Jews, the destruction of the Temple ; and thus the service ended. Mr. Disraeli gave the health of the bride and bridegroom, and Chief Justice Gockborn ' the bridesmaids.*' A wonderful result of gunpowder blasting was wit nessed tbe other day at tbe Colcerrow Granite Works, situate about one mile from Par Station. The granite rock operated upon was of vast dimensions, measuring 56ft. in length, 55ft. in width, and 16ft. in height. The hole was bored near the centre of the rock, about' 16ft. in depth, and charged with about 301bs. of the ' patent safety blasting powder,' from South Down. The result was that the quantity of rock fairly disengaged is of the immense weight of. 3,520 .tons. Scarcely any noisi was made by the blast, although the rook was Tent in the form of T, from top to bottom, and lifted as by a lever from its bed. — English Paper. Hoesibeb TsAGia-r nr Canada. — The Quebec Chronicle reports a dreadful crime which was re cently committed at a place called Laprairie. On Sunday, the 30th April, while tbe family of Alexis Moysa were at church, a man, named Barreau, who had been living in the family for several years, and but lately returned from the American army, entered the house. In the house at the time there were two servant girls, one about the age of 27 and the other 13, and also -two children. When the man entered, the elder of the girls expressed her surprise and at the same time her delight at seeing him. Breakfast was prepared for him by Marie Sanvage, the elder servant, and after he had eaten it, he said, ' I am master here.' He then drewarevolver,and fired at Sauvage. The ball entered the left cheek. She instantly made for a bed, in the adjoining room, taking one of the children with her. On reaching the bed she threw herself npon it, covered with blood. The murderer followed her, and fired another shot at the child, the ball entering Us mouth. During all this time the other girl, with a baby in her arms, became confused. She followed the mur dered girl into tbe room, taking the baby with her, and took refuge beneath a table at the foot of the bed. The murderer, after having finished his work with the servant and the child, the latter aged only two years, then fired at the girl beneath the table, but the ball passed her and entered thewalL She never spoke, and the murderer, taking it for granted that he had put - to death all who contd tell anything of him, went into the kitchen, took some fire from the stove, and, carrying it into the room in which the murdered servant and child were, put it under the bed. This being done, he went to the place where Moyan kept his money, and took a bos made of tin, and broke it with the heel of his shoe, taking about 550 dollars in silver, c After some time, the girl who could not remain in. the room on account of the smoke, hearing no more noise^ quietly opened the door to see if he was gone. Coming out, she found that he had crossed the field. She immediately ran to the next bouse and told them what bad occurred, when they came and extinguished the fire. The murderer made good his escape. Dr. Tweedie, of Westminster, a member of Captain GroBvenor't Election Committee, has retired from the Committee, because the gallant captain is a believer in homoeopathy ; the Lancet backs up the doctor, and says, *' The question admits of as clear an answer as one which relates to the extension of the suffrage or the vote by ballot.' The sum of $100,000 is about to be subscribed ia Boston, to be presented to Mrs. Lincoln, the widow of tbe late President. 