GENERAL MISCELLANY. It is officially anoonnoed that the National j Portrait Exhibition at Keniingtonia to be j opened In April next. A Socixtt of Padi booksellers b shortly to be formed for the purpose of establishing in the French capital a book fair similar to that of Leipalc. Eum hsi this year been obliged to have reconise to Odessa for large supplies of wheat, i The export trade from Odessa to Alexandria has accordingly been nnusnaily animated, ■ One of the St. Petersburg papers announce j the death of a venerable hermit, who had lived { for half a sectary in a desert spot In thedia- i trictof Tlkhvine. Tax Carlitle Journal sinter that Sir W. Lawson, of Bray ton-ball, has contributed £2^100 to the fond which the United Kingdom Alliance is raising lor lb five years of special j agitation. Fran akd 8pici acles— On Wednesday r, a cod fish, weighing 14 stones, having in stomach a pair of spectacles with brass frames, was caught about three miles off Flambro' Bead. Tbkbb are six or eight regular female physi cians in Philadelphia, whose daily practice is eqnal to that of the average of male physi cians. One of them keeps three horses in constant ase. It appears from statements made by Mr. p. S. Hamilton, Chief Commissioner of Mines in Nova Scotia, that there are gold-fields in that colony eqnal, if not superior, to those of I California or Australia. Tn> Atlantic Cable Boors.—The Ship ping Gsiitti says that i! toe position of tins buoy in the Atlantic, observed by the ship I Madras on August 29, is correctly given, it had drifted 166 miles from the spot where it was originally placed twenty-one days before. A CBAKOts has lately been bom in the Zoo logical Garden at Dresden. This is the second time that such an event has occurred in a Zoological Garden, the firat_having taken j place at Chambery in 1655. The young cha ' at Dresden is In good health and v mole at Dresden is In good health and very ] lively. It is stated on good authority that the I regular army (U.S.) will hereafter consist of 50,000 men. At least 800 men, meetly dis charged soldiers of the volunteer army, arc daily joining the regular army, which will within a few months be increased to the maximum mentioned. Thb 'Value op Human Lips.—Three per sons have been rescued during the bathing \ season from positions of danger while I bathing from the gentlemen's machines at I the Wish, Eastbourne, who respectively ten dered to their rescuer the sum of 5s., A. fid., and 84—Sums Standard. A Heatt iNsuBiscx Claim.—By the death ! of the Earl of Strathmore, the insuranoe com panies have to meet a claim amounting to nearly £200,000. The Scotch offices are those principally concerned, though eevend policies were tfleeted with English companies.—in surance Beard The scheme for the construction of a ship canal between the St. Lawrence and Hudson rivers is again being pressed on public atten tion. It is contended that the proposed means of transportation are so necessary to the prosperity of both countries that the re- { tpcctive Governments ought to take them up. Tee C-onfedebate Loan.—Mr. M. B. Samp- ' eon, the city editor of The Timet, writes to the Star'.—" You have published my name In a list of alleged holdeis of Confederate stock. 1 beg to say. not only that I have never held any Confederate stock, but that I declined to accept an allotment oflered to me at the time of its introduction." Geobcx Howei, aged fifteen, errand-boy to a London Bilveramith, was reading the J'kbmei Papert, when the servant went and look the candle bom him. This made him very angry; and instead of taking part in the usual family prayers, he hung himself behind the wash-house door. Tax town of Fondo, in the Tyrol, has been . almost entirely destroyed by fire. A hun dred and fifty nouses have bwn burned, and 3d) families are without shelter. The town ball, the church, and a few houses situated on an deration, escaped the flames. The j poor peasants have also lost nearly all the forage for their cattle. Tex Prince of Wales and Prinoe Alfred were out riding together, when the former began to talk about what he should do when b«^became king. "King!" said the latter. You will never be Unp. When your turn comet the Crown wilt go by competitive examination, and then you will have a very poor chanoe. — Liverpool Albion. "Ax Ibibb Peer" in Tie Timet says, that If the office of Lord-Lieutenant. " that last vestige of Ireland's degrading vassalage," " " Ifthe Print - — ■ were abolished, and " If Ore Prinoe of Wales could be induced to come ever every year for a lew weeks' hunting," "Ireland would become as loyal end true as the good old town of Windsor itself." Mr. Bbicbt's Visit to Axebica.—Whilst our newspapers are teeming with paragraphs on Mr. Bright's proposed visit, we have just ascertained, on good authority, that, up to this date, Mr. Bright himBelf has received no | invitation, and knows nothing yet of his going to the States.— Weekly Sail and Tele graph. Science and the navy have lost a distin guished man in Admiral William Henry Smyth, the eminent liydrographer. who has died iu his seveuty-eewuth year. Oao of bis tons, Mr. Warrington Smyth, is well known for bis connexion with the Mining Institute In Jerrayn-etreet, and another. Mr. Piozzi Smyth, is astronomer royal for Scotland. The unveiling of the Clare statue to O'Connell took place at Ennis, on Tuesday last. Sir Colman O'Loghlen. M.P., the Roman Catholic Bishop of Killaloe, and others, took part in the ceremony. The monument Is seventy-four feet high, with Mr, Cabiil's colossal statue of the Liberator on the top. Tee Knselan Government is beginning to j be alarmed at Hie extent to which its notes are counterfeited. Several bands of J forgers are engaged In this manufacture, and a number of suspected persons have been arrested. It is said that at Nijnl Novgorod an immense quantity of false notes bat been found rolled up in cigars. Tee following works have been oondemned by the Congregation of the Index at Borne:— j £««W. a/a Golan aj J'hilatephp (in German), by Scwanl; idea of Humanity for lilt (in Spanish), by Sat*; The Pritithood, the Chronic j Evil of the Human Baa (in Italian), by Zitnl riai; JJtttory and Examination of the kncycUcal and Syltabui (iu Italian), by Antonio Isala; Papal Bonu (in Italian), by Dtaanctns. Guano Islands. —A Paris nuwtp»p«r (the j Memorial Diplomatique) affirm! that a French frigate, the Dorado, has in the name of the French Government taken poaoeeslon of an Island in the Pacific In which there are about I 600,000 tone of guano. The island Is situated tout. 8.18 &, long. 3&<60W„ from Parti. The Paris oorretpondontfif the shipping Qa crtte says there are other gna&e; islands in the same vicinity, and that the French Govern ment contemplate! taking poesearton of them all Iron Savia—The late conflagration in Richmond developed a cartons fact. Some week or ten day* after the fire the Iron sale of the Aaftrfreromoa wa* opened, whan imme diately on the admission of the air the bock* ant[papersware ignited andocmsuuieii, and such ttu toi «m -were not in briok vault*. In them tha con tent* wete uninjured. The the time it ww rotopehed, was cold, cater* wJly.fo tee touch. ■■ inrtferr of thelMdol oomppuad-iotareet BOtSsTTbU is, nndoabtedIjr»« most dan gerous counterfeit whicbha* yet apyoarol The face of thb note, la a most accurate imitation of (ha grantee. white Ah# 'mSt ■ is either the genuine Government ptete, or an electrotype from it It seems settled thst either tee original plotre, engraved hr the American Bank Note Company, have beak slloeai to get into improper (Minds or this fiac-Mmlle was obtained by tee tieetmtype prooeas—A«w Fori IVf&wu;, 8ept. 2a Ajub went toon insurance-officeinFVil mid Insured a quantity of olgSra watnst flra. Bnee time afterwards he nde a claim ee tee company for compensation, tee pigaa having been bant. He admitted test he had smoked them; bat claimed teat as they bad been destroyed by fire ho was entitled to claim far them. The parties went to law, and a verdict was given for tee plaintiff; whereupon the detendaahr Immediately threatened to indict theman for anon, be having set fire to property which he had insured. Theecampwasooly too glad to let tee matter drop. Faoroeaarns a Paumx'O Is*,—Mr. John Pouncy, of Dorchester, reoently performed some experiments at King's College, London, In his process of printing photographs. Hit method la founded on the fact that light harden* transmitted through the negative ink on the surface of the paper, so that, white it is fixed on the portions representing tea picture. It may be removed by turpentine nam all the others. The pictures teas pro doced can be transferred to paper or any other suhstanoe. Mr. Pdnncy has been awarded a stiver medal and 460 franca by tee Photographic Society of France, and asilver medal by the Photographic Society of Scot tend, for his invention. Skabt Capture or a Dar acltiho Railwat Cab hike.—GeonreWoodrnff, a cashier in tea aervke of tee London and Northwestern Railway at the Park4nne goods station. 14 verpool, having embezzled various soma of money, had obtained a iinnsasn by the City of Baltimore for New York, under the name of George Longfellow, when just as the vessel was Laving the river yesterday morning, a Liverpool detective officer (Skaife) came on board and arrested blm. The officer bad only been in receipt of his instructions ae to Wood ruff's being missed about twenty mlnutea before the arrest. About £40 was found upon the prisoner. He was brought up before tea magistrates yesterday and remanded, Railwat Dminsms.—A railway director writes to the DaSy Hob*, showing that white the traffics of English railways give evidence of continued prosperity, the dividends lately declared point in a different direction. CRT the eleven principal linee only one gives an increase of one-quarter per cent, four yield the same dividend, and six give diminished dividends to the extent of from one-quarter to one and three quartets per cent. There is an average decline of nearly half per cent. The writer attribntes this to the barge outlay on extensions, being mostly uncreative of new traffic, but rather com peting with neighbor] ring evstema. or designed to prevent encroachment. ~ Aaoxe the new works in preparation in Paris are three volumes on Family, by 1L Eugene PeliAtan. The first volume, the "Mother," has appeared; the "Father" and the "Child" are is tee press. M. Louis Blanc has five volumes in the press—Btudiet about bngland, in two volumo, will shortly appear; bis Draiciryrooat cf the Eighteenth Century will not be published before next winter. M. Edgard Quinet has in preparation Rewdutitm, in two volumes. M. Gustave Dore will bring out bis illustrated Bible during tee coming winter; after which the Purgatory and Para due of Dante will engage his attention, to be followed by his greatest work—so he hopes— an illustrated Shaberpeart, It. Ernest Picard, the deputy so famous tor repartee, is said to have written a comedy for the Gymnaae. X. Glais-Bizoio, another deputy, is reported to have written a three-act drama, Byron't Youth. England add America.—In order to guard against any misunderstanding, we are re quested to re-state that tee proposal 0f Earl ftuseeii to the American Government was conveyed in the following words"Her Ma jesty's Government are ready to consent to the appointment of a commission, to white shall be referred all claims arising during tea late civil war white the two powers shall agree to refer to.the commissioners." These concluding words limit tee subject of refer ence, since it would be inconsistent with the position taken up by Her Majesty'e Govern ment, and with the arguments which induced it to decline arbitration, to permit tec claims for losses by the Alabama and other vessels of the same character to be brought before a commission for decision. It must be under stood, therefore, that if any such commission were agreed on, those cases would be excluded from Its jurisdiction. Ax Unexpected Prize.—At an agricultural dinner, held in Lincolnshire a few days since, . V. ur VnrtL u-V,il£» »Tk. TV.— a Mr. W. North, whilst proposing " The Town and Trade of Boston," begged permission of tee chairman to exercise a privilege conceded to him by the stewards—that of awaiding a judge's prise, which tee official judges bad overlooked, (Laughter.) It would be fresh in tee recollection of many present (said Mr. North) that at the last annual meeting he had the distinguished honour to receive a white hat—(roars of laughter)—as a prize for the worst stacking and the most slovenly Stackyard. He had carefully preserved the prize— (laughter)—and having made an in spection of a great many farmsteads, he bad met with one teat he considered fairly en titled its owner to'be tee holder of tee hat for the ensuing twelve months, and having brought the hat with him to tee meeting, be had very great pleasure iu awarding It to the gentleman be had just alluded to, and that was tee vice-chairman, Mr. W. Welsh. (Roars of langbter.) Mr. North said the hat had never fitted him—(laughter)— and therefore he could very cheerfully part from it He then, amid the oonvuuiso laughter of the company, handod the hat and box over to Mr. Welsh, and resumed his seat Louis Napoleon and Mb. lions.—Whan . spirit-rapping became fashionable, it found a protectress in the Gonntess Eugenie de Alontijo. Even at teat eatly date she had an eye on Louis Napoleon, and took every op portunity of confirming herself in bet lovers favour. She won over thered-baired ghost- seer. Home, and induced him to perform a hocus pocus before tee President which could not ■ail in its eff ect owing to his fatalistic ten dencies, Louis Napoleon once aeut for Home, and asked him whether he could evoke the spirit of th* Emperor? Home set bis instrument in motion, and soon said teat the Emperor's spirit was ready to answer. Louis Napoleon iuvltod it to toll him some thing about his future. Home twitled ibs peychcgrapb, and the diek sent forth lettos, out of which Home composed the two wstda " Je monfe." This bad bw-n Louis Napobon's motto in earlier years. But the peycbfgrapk produoed two additional letters—au ' i and sn"o." This apparently was noawose: lot " montio" had no meaning. Loub Napoleon, however, arranged the letters In Ms way, and they produced the won) "Montijo"— and that was the name of bis lady love. . The fatalist had sufficient mutter for refrac tion, and felt more attached than ever to Eugenie; for it seemed to faim an omen that her family name contained bis_ motto of "Je mnnto,"—F'apelecn Ou Third and hit Court. By a Retired Diplomatist. A Female Medical PnAOrrrroNEa.—Kiel Garrett, whose endeavours to be permitted to study and offer herself for a medical degres at St. Andrews, warn fmsfaatedhjtbe opposi tion of some members of tee Senates or that university,'has succeeded in attaining bar purpose in another mode. Ou Thursday last, ebe passed her final examination, aud re* ccived a llotnoe to practise medicine from the Apothecaries' Hail, London, having g< rogh the entire coutie of study prerenl tbroogh the entire coutie of study proscribed by that body. The oonrae includes five years* apprenticeship, a preAiminaiy rxamiaatinn in arte and two professional « Amlnatione. The first of these is on anatomy, physiology, chemistry, botany, and materia medico. The second is on tee practloe of medicine, patho logy, toxicology, medical juriaprudence, and midwifery. A certificate of attendance eg lecturecon thch subject is required. Thiffi - certificate* cria only be .fflren by, regular lecturers in recognised menioal schools, (to tificafes of boepltel practlOs aud -nf oiiiricai instruction are also required... All these con ditions were fulfilled by Kiss Gamdt, Hsr oce no has been complete, miraini wr*3i' fyll OOQtlO CS fttwy, JIW# tafttlbns, sbe &M; now etitutos the legal qualifications «f' usually takelwlda a dfidwDA la but teisis not at prevent open tow* ^Vfiera&afitUd; «mT nBtfc pin*mtUaihali»>p' IMiV 