J THEATRE ROYAL. An actor, we should imagine, plays those characters best, with which he sympathises most warmly, and into the spirit of which he enters most heartily. His identification with the part he assumes is necessarily more complete in such a case ; he throws himself into it with greater abandon and his own enjoyment of it enhances that of the audience. We suspect that this is the reason why Mr. Jefferson's Rip Van Winkle stands at the head of all his histrionic impersonations. We have a sort of theory that there are many points of resemblance between the comedian and the Dutchman of the legend. We do not suppose that Mr. Jefferson is so ultra-convivial as Rip, or that his propensities are so erratic and eccentric ; but we hold it to be a very plausible conjecture that Our American Cousin " would sit on a wet rock, as Washington Irving informs us Rip did, " with a rod as long and heavy as a Tartar's lance, and fish all day without a murmur, even though he should not be encouraged by a single nibble ; he would carry a fowling-piece on his shoulder for hours together, trudging through woods and swamps, and up hill and down dale, to shoot a few squirrels or wild rabbits. He would never refuse to assist a neighbor, even in the roughest toil, and was a foremost man at all country frolics, for husking Indian corn, or building stone fences." We should imagine that he is as fond of children, as Mr. Irving describes Rip Van Winkle to be, and equally capable of " assisting at their sports, making their play things, teaching them to fly kites and shoot marbles, and telling them long stories of ghosts, witches, and Indians." Thus then, we take it for granted that Mr. Jefferson is enabled to apprehend the character of this charming old vagabond by sympathy ; but he is also qualified to represent it dramatically, by his keen perception of the ludicrous aspects of human life, by his early observation of the habits and feelings, the oddities of manner and the quaint nesses of expression, peculiar to the descendants of the Dutch settlers in his native state and by that knowledge of artistic effect, to which we owe the striking contrasts and delicate gradations of light and shade, which he exhibits in this admir- able portrait. Strictly speaking, there are two portraits, the Rip Van Winkle of the first and second, and the Rip Van Winkle of the third acts. The former reminds us, by its high finish and rare fidelity, of a painting by Mctzu, or Brauwer, or Jan Steen, or Dow : the latter has the venerable grace and tender charm of Stot Lord's old men. And while the external features of the two pictures differ so essentially the speech and manner of the younger and the older Rip are also discriminated with graphic force and nicest skill. In the earlier portions of the play, Mr. Jefferson shows us the incorrigible Rip, overflowing with good humor, eager for enjoyment, irresolute, wayward, and bibulous. You forgive his thriftlessness for the sake of his kind heart, his ready wit, his fondness for his children, and the invincible bonhommie with which he submits to the objurgations of his shrill tongued wife, and catches her at the very moment he professes to be most amenable to her reproof. He is not a model husband, certainly ; but great allowances must be made for his domestic infelicities. There have been many Xantippes,but only one Socrates. One great merit of Mr. Jefferson's acting is, that he conveys to the audience as much by the play of features, as by the tones of his voice, and the language he has to deliver. When, for example, he is importuned by his boon companion to drink, directly after he has " sworn off, the emotions of his mind are legible on the actor's face. You see the wavering resolution of the tippler, the coy resistance, the regret that that resistance should have been so promptly acquiesced in by the assailants of his virtue, the secret hope that the assault may be renewed, the ample gratification when it is, and the facile adoption of a plausible excuse for succumbing to temptation. So, too, when in the second act, Von Klaus succeeds in obtaining Rip's signature to the marriage contract, under the influence of liquor, you may discern a flicker of intelligence upon his fuddled countenance, and may perceive its conflict with the stupe- faction of his senses. His mind, sneaking through his features, seems to say I know I am a sad old reprobate. I am conscious that I am very far gone in liquor ; but I am also convinced that You Claus is a great rascal and wishes to get the better of me. Therefore I must employ the little cunning and caution I can collect in circumventing and feeling the old fox ;" which Rip does, by procuring the insertion of the proviso in the contract. It is no mean tribute to the power of an actor, when he can succeed in conveying all this, by the varying expression of his countenance, to the majority of his audience ; and when he effects it so unobtrusively that it does not thrust itself upon the attention of his interlocutor on the scene. And in thus making his countenance the camera, as it were, of his mind, and printing off photographs of its operations upon his impressionable and expressive features, Mr. Jefferson appears to be unaware of the presence of spectators. The entirelyignoresthera,hcnever soliloquizes,as most actors do, to the audience; he never discharges his " asides," with a confidential wink, at the pit. To a do so, is destructive of all stage illusion, and is i opposed alike to the principles of art and the ' dictates of good taste. Yet the practice is so common, that any deviation from it, as in the instance under notice, challenges special notice and eulogium. The third act of Rip Van Winkle the one in which Mr. Jefferson's highest qualities as an artist are brought into play. A new character has to be built up, as it were, on the old foundations. Time has mellowed the humor, tempered the vivacity, and enfeebled the frame of the vagrant sports- man and the strangely altered circumstances in which he finds himself placed, develop the latent tenderness and pathos of his nature. He presents himself to us in a comparatively unfamiliar aspect; and the fresh traits which are brought out, have to maintain harmonious relations with those for which he was distinguished in the two first acts. The identity of the earlier, with the later, Rip has to be carefully established and those who have seen Air. Jefferson in this part will not need to be reminded, how completely this is effected. Rip's awakening from his protracted sleep is charmingly portrayed, the dawn of returning consciousness, the dim sense of exchange in his feelings and his frame, the uncertainty as to the reality of the familiar yet unfamiliar objects by which he is sur- rounded, the doubt whether he is yet awake, and the unintelligible mystery of his enfeebled limbs, are all made known to us by a few natural gestures, by an inflection of the voice, and by the actor's gait and manner. There is a touch of quaint humor in Rip's placid submission to the popular dictum that he is dead, that is full of quiet drollery. You see that he almost begins to think of himself as some other person, and to pass judgment on Rip Van Winkle, the " ruin sucker," with the impartiality and indifference of a perfect stranger. Note, likewise, the mingled humor and pathos The one shading off into the other, of the way in which he receives intelligence of the death of his wife. Her shrewish tongue is silenced, at length, and has he not cause for thankfulness ? Wonderful is the power which could have worked such a miracle. But then well up the old household remembrances, associated with the names of wife and mother, and the old man's heart warms, and his voice trembled, and his eye moistens, as he thinks, tenderly and forgiving of the maiden he wooed and the matron he lost. An inferior artist would fail to depict these delicate lights and shades of emotion. Some would he exaggerated and others overlooked. Mr. Jefferson gives to each its positive and relative importance, as well as its befitting amount and intensity of color, and no more. His own critical judgment must be satisfied and he wisely prefers subordi- nating his acting to this, instead of courting factitious applause or undiscriminating laughter, by straining at " points," or aiming at extravagant effects. With nature for his guide, and a well-disciplined judgment for his monitor, Mr. Jefferson succeeds in delighting his audience, and in investing even undramatic characters with great dramatic interest. The audience lose sight of the fact that it is acting, and regard what is passing as a reality. They forget the actor in the character he assumes and this is an achievement of which the performer may well be proud. The length to which this notice has extended, precludes a detailed criticism of the acting of the rest of the camp ; each of whom zealously co-operate'" promote the success of a piece, the progress of which was watched with the deepest interest by a crowded house, and frequently interrupted by vehement applause, which was renewed at the fall of the curtain. This evening Mr. Jefferson will appear in his world renowned impersonation of Our American Cousin. 