SEYMOUR. .. Zo3z o;i ow? conzssohns1.i The usual quiet and orderly repose of the people of this quarter have been suddenly disturbed to-day (Tuesday) by the merest chance, viz., seeing the name of an ex-mem ber of a road board as applicant for some of the finest land in the district, under a lease, to the professional BO.ARD, to sit on the 1st prox, No time was lost in signing a memn orial to the Hon. the President of the Board of Land and Works on the subject, which was eagerly responded to, by the inhabitants, and in no measired terms, for what they con. sider the most daring attempt to: .deprive them of ode' of their most vrluable reser ves. The bend, modestly stated in the notice as a swamp, is the place of all othersImost used and useful for carriers, cattle dealers, drovers and squatters in their journeys up and down country with sheep and cattle, and is of in calculable advantage to the inhabitants, par ticularly in dry seasons such as the last. and present ones. There is nothing like a swamp in it, but it is well watered by la goons. The ex. whose services have been happily dispensed with, and his assistant ex. the late civil engineer, who so quietly and unosten. tatiously surveyed and mapped it, get great cREDIT for attempting their "little gaine,' and rumour is busy sa ing that something more will soon prove to the ratepayers how WELL they have been served by these very worthy gentlemen when enjoying their offi. cial dignity and emoluments. Seymour is becoming of too great import. ance to be hoodwinked and deprived of its best valued rights by the very men in whom the people lately placed confidence. Every effort has been made to draw the attention of the representatives of the borough and ad adjoining country, to this most nefarious attempt, and no doubt but that excellent member, Mr. Sands I.L.A, will be all alive and active-as he has ever been since his return--to protect the people and their rights. The Road Board should at once, as the organ of theratepayers, have the land made over to them by the government. As this is no'.ghost story" but a real tangible one, you will hear the remult. 