PARIS KASril'iNS l'Oll ffiPTHMIiKK. [From the in-i-'r-iud /.??ihIuh AYum, t»\\.te,nl»-r 2. ) Something like a tendency to a return to modes of a more simple de^ription characterises the Paris fashions For the month of September. Whether this gratifying symptom be owing to the severe omtigutinu of the eccentricities aud extravagance of ladies' toilets inflicted by M. Dupin (who has been vigorously seconded by many of the French jou-nolists), or to the absence of the Court and aristocrauv from l'aris, ia n question that i-au wtty ue resuiveii arter me return 01 me nigu-iiie folks to their habitual quarters. Whatever may be the solution, it. is to U; remarked at this season that the dresses at least, have returned to a style of simplicity that cannot fail to be approved by the paymastersgene ral of the ili-es^uuker d ;partiuent. Plain' materials, the employment ut little or no ornament, a iliinunition in the ampli'iir uf the r.d,cs, indicate, at any rate, a short interval of sobriety in the taste of the' Parisians who etill remain in I'aris, which, liy-the-way, has benn in vaded during the past month by distinguished foreigner* from all parts nf Kuropc, ei|iceinlly attiurU-.l bv the splendour of the fC-to de I1 I!iii|iereur' Apropos de nCinuire, the cha|ieaiix so rwlled are pain ing much favour for the form, if not altogether for th- size. The latt'-r quality may be judgi.-.! of I.y the cir cumstanw that on« of Cham's recent caricatures repre sent h lady lryi,,L. u li.nl her bonnet in the plait* nf her veil, thelati'T article l.eiu^ jusi now of Kruud dimen sion. For hits, properly so-called, grey Htraw in no ImiB-sr adopted, yellow or Mack being worn in preference. The black straw hats should bo ornamented with white or blue feathers ; the yellow with blaek feathers. Th«y are both distingucs, anil the choice should lie ma le to defend entirely upon the complexiun and toilet of the wearer, Lilae and rose erape are the iii:it.™U mostly employed for ordinary bonnets, usually ornamented behind with :i small bouquet -le plume*. A great vnriuty uf new buttons hnvn just been intro duced for dress fa.-t.-niu?-. Sin ? f the larger descrip tions are flat, but the round on.-a iu cbuny or lighter wood, rtui'l, ileal (j'il.1, bnne, or ivory, are preferred as feTasT Orney. Savivbb Havkh. -Cmmm-in-iiii; in Sep tember, lSlil, with Slid banks, the post-.iffi.-e ailtliori til.ies have extended the number ho rapidlv that iu July I*:.1:, no less than aiilt of th.'w .1np-niiories for tho savings of the people were open fur hiuincss. Tlure were I it this latter date SJI),2il:! accounts oiien, and the iinount stiiiiilin; -o the credit of tli' .leuositnrs was I i-.1i,Sii4,5o3. The banks had revived 3,331, Mi de- ' posits, amounting to £10,2*1, 3Hi, and (lie withdrawals liad numbered Ml, 75'», and amounted t.i i.'4,.r.sH,!U:t. Xo less than 747,948 persons h:tl opened ncmimts with Ihe post nlli.ii hanks and as many as 2- -1, OS'S persons lad closed their accounts. The averairi amount to the credit of each account npnn was lint £1) Us '.Id nt the rinse of the year IS-il ; in July, lSiW, it was £10 14s lid. The sums transferred from the older savins* hank* to the pnsi-omee haiiksliavcnnlyninoun ted tonbout£l,.r.n,nni) nf the whole i'liViSI/mo ; nnd inure than imc-third of the entire amount transf.-rred caw from the Hiriiiiiigliam savings bank, which closed voluntarily. Considerable sums were also transferred in coiis;-,pieneo of other '.11 ?miiijW banks relinquishing LiKiiies-i. The recent, eloaiiu nf t!..- .m-ingi bank at Canterbu.y has resulted in Ihe transferor about A'l-.»7,0inl to thu post office Lank'. These banks, as Mr. Tid.l Pratt rcmnrku, in noticing the returns in his rYi.w.lly Societies' report just issued, have interfered to a very limited extent with the business of the older saving Im.ks still kept open. The business acquired has been almost entirely new business. L*MiHNfi-l)uHX.— The n.ilranuU eorrospnn.L-nt of the /?i:.if.HYi. Times says -Shearin? is almost finished on the neighbouring st-ilious, nnd the town already exhibits the usual signs of the gentlemen nf this profession. They will assure you themselves, with all the eloquent*- of inebriated oratory, and n clenching thump, that they are gentlemen, meet tlicin »liere you will ; their calling isa profession, iiia-niueh as they will not .lci.-n thut it should be uaiael iu tile same breath with a common trade, and they will only ondescjndiiiyly bestow the favour uf their presence, when possessed of a rhuqiie, on the other wand.-.iii',' gentry like tlii- uis»lr(-s e;ndi laics for a job. When shearim; U finished, ami the cheques diniiirMiins in cni;nne, this is the time they are shorn over tlii? ,)ot, an.) an occasional talk of what they could do ; others refer to their rich relations at home -all aiwunie the consequential nir. What a subject fur a physiologist ! lint the nuisance of their pre.sem.-e after their mo derate libations, when a ilrop of good singing from sonorous tones, producing all the octaves between a biilloi-k-linrn and a languishing croak — when occasion ally forced to hear of lnn,j-|«ut woes, t«ld with many ' flic's' borne on hyperborean breath — when for inti mating your desire to be rid nf his presence, you are hea|K*l with nil the epithets nf a filthy timgiie'— «hcn you are threatened with a ceutlemanly application from extremities unable to support a carcass powerless 11s a child, and to which helplessness he owes liis safety from j an earnest tnueh — when security of person or property is I no longer a distinguished nicety -then this U a slat* of being, fitting for the contemplation uf police mugistrates, justices, an I the |*i]ioi'. Again, at. the expiration of a few days, when the cheques are swamped iu the stimu lating hevcrajc of nennesyaud Muriel, with the cheques disapjiear the dignity supported a shnrt time before with such riot -the gentleman becomes a loafer -his dignity becomes humiliation — he is no lo;i;er outrageous to sne'etv, certain feelings common to the abusers of stimu lating beverages overtake him —lie is no longer his former self, and he most thankfully receives the nobblcrs he was so lavish of before ; in fact, the man is brought to his senses, and with a knowledge nf the value of a hard earned ehei|ve ciinos a respect for Ills betters. This anil those are lit subjects for the moralist. At a late niwting nf the Acclimatisation Society of Victoria the following extract from a letter addressed to Dr. Mack from the linn. Colonial O'ConnolI, of Bris bane, was read : — 'In reply to yours of 12th Sept., 1 can tell you that since its receipt I have twice brought the subject nf ' the cmbs' under the consideration of the council of our Acclimatisation Society. There was one attempt made to send you down a supply of thes; Crustacea, but they all died, I fancy before reaching Sydney ; and our secretary tells ine the difficulty is to get them fresh just when n steamer is leaving this and likely to hit the one for Melbourne at Sydney. How ever, I have no doubt these difficulties will be overcome, now that the season for crabs has come round again, and I hape crc long you will be in receipt of these very edible fish. I am myself goin? to Port Curtis next week, and will endeavour tn send you down a few from there, where they are very large and fine.' A conversa tion tnik place as to the best locality in which to plans these crabs when they arrive ; and the secretary was directed to make enquiries, and to report to the council at the next meeting. Christian v. tup. (J'.-cevdlivd Steam JTavjoatiox Compakv —The following o\triet from the proceed ings at the Supreme Court, Sydney, on the 27th ult., is taken from the S. M. Herald :— This was an action for breach of agreement. Damages were laid at £171 7s. 9.1. Mr. Salomons, instructed by Mr. Rolin, appeared for tbe plaintiff ; Mr. Nntler, instructed by Mr. Shade, appeared for the defendants. The action was to recover the value of a large pot and other articles intended for a Iwiling-rlown established at liroadsounil, and for damages arising from non-delivery of the same. It appeared that the plaintiff, by his agent, Mr. W. Pritchard, shipped by a lrfi.it, the property of the defendants, the pot in ques tion, and the defendants undertook to deliver it at j liroadsound. Upon the arrival of the steamer at Rock- , hampton the goods were put into the store of defendants' ; agent, and there sold under an execution bv order of the Sheriff. It wok stated by Mr. Pritchard that the manager of the Company, Mr. Westgarth, had several times offered to settle the matter by paying £21 7s. 9d., but this being insufficient to cover the loss he refuse! to accept it. Mr. Butler did not call any evidence, hut argued that there was no proof that the Company was in corporated ; and he further contended that the Company should have been sued by one or more of its members. He also maintained that the receipt of the goods did not make oat such a contract as that set up by the plaintiff. Further objections were taken ; but his Honor found for the plaintiff, damages £i% 7s. 9i. The ' Hummums,' in Covent Garden - so wcl' known as the resort of literary and political celebrities of past generations where Hogarth's ' Parson Ford' died, and an account of whose ghost appearing to one of tbe waiters, and delivering him a message to be con veyed to some women of Ford's acquaintance, is given by Boswell in Dr. Johnson's words, as a kind of accre dited ghost story -is doomed to destruction. The lease, it appears, have expired, and the Duke of Bedford will not renew it, as he thinks it will be better to extend Covent Garden Market, in consequence of the rapid in crease ot itt trade. I The Government steamship Victoria has returned to Qobson's Bay, having been unsuccessful in finding any survivors fnai wrwti or from the burning of tbe Fiery Star. It is contemplated to bring onl another AII-KngUmd j Eleven to Sydney, consisting of the risiug criketers in j I!iigi,'!iii uLo did not visit Australia oil tbe late oceozioi , Ar.rEMUs W'aiip. — Tbi* American humourist 13 nciv ou his way to 15n-;laild to lecture. He bits |.ubUsb=d Ihe following erit,iri*int- nu his ability A\ a lertww : - (IVoiiilhe ' .-Itoaiuvilli: !Lli- clu:iric.') ' rs « lustinvr -if iiiib'ut seven comic bor.^e ,-ov.erf and call eii^i*} auli..-n.v.'-(]'rom th ? ?? .North Ainere-.ni .\nv,' N':-'w Haven.) ' Must be »ou.- for the chol-.-u We sluuM like to ace him properly applied.'- (l-roai the Kheltuv pau (M!h.) ' Ungle of Liberty.') ' Artimius Ward.— This great lecturer cilled -.n us to-day and ordered quite a lot of job-printers. We consider \n\\-.\ one nf tiie ttreateit lecturers in this country.'— (I'ruin the ' Rkow hegan (Maine) Clarison.') ' Although his style is ilif ereut trom Washington Irviugs, we cannot. M iilinu 10 , he fact that Mr. Irving's style is different from his.' - From tbe ' Koilway (iazette.') ' Not a ilry eye in bis lu.liencc. Many could have Lorrowcl nioiiev of him (in ,he s|«.t.' -d'Vom the ' Hol.okeii KM ? id'er.') ' Xo 'araily should lie without him.' -'? l'.oni the ' Koc iuk (Iowa) Tanner.') ' We d.mt kuu.v »!i-n we huve , been inure so.' i Absimiik.— This liquor, on the pernicious qiriliiies | if uhich so much has been sail, basal leu-lh found au ulvnciite in Dr. D.w!li»niiu of Avail..:,, wlm, in a paper ; (dih-essed to the Academy (if Science, s..-i ?jntia.-.i'.l.v ex- 1 unines tlie numerous charges brou.-ht against it. Dr. I Deseliaiups has nlialysed several absinthe, lliat of Swit icrlan.l, that of Lyons, that 01 Avail. m, and ~i-. dilfcreut j kinds bought at various wine-bhops. uud it appear.- f i;n bis researches that this compound does not contain any really Jangernus inmeilieut. AlmiutliK in anale..l-pU!.c, joloured with the juice of tipiiiach, netilc;, ,tc., but the plant called absinthe, or wormwood i* ii.-vcr used fur this j been employed to colour it, are utterly innncuuii.'. The ! traces of rapper sometimes found in It dii only be attri- ! liulc-d to the action of the liquid on thu brass utnp-eockis ! tixed to the barrels, or eke tu iIil- v.-.-.irds used I.y sonic j dealers and manufacturer*, but not u the. inlrolu..tiou | of uulpbale of copper into the liqui,!. There is no ab siilthc of enppLT in it, nor could it have any injurious effect on the constitution. The action which this liquor .?\ereisps nu ordinary drinkers can only U- attributed Iu ihe alcohol it. contains, and under equal event it d...-s not cniiKe more intoxication than other al.-oii.ilii; drinks. The heat which the alwiiitliu-drinkrr feels on the iim..-ous meuil.nuio of the stomach is due tu the insl:niUDcou« aetinD of the alcohol whicii the liquor iMii'uiius ; uud if the individual is not immediately intoxicated, it is because the nnWhtion is reUrde 1 by that vciy a.-:-o!i._ A glav nui-iiTO 011 the mental slate of tlie .innker. The re:il dan ger it onerx li.K iu its sugary tasle, which is due t-i III. essences uf aniseed mid illieuin which it cuatalim, and dues not leave behind it th.it disa^m-al I.- paMy sensation peculiar to liquids enntainiiig wij.'.ir. llcvli'o has the [.nwer toiesist the temjitation, and nnly take one plais nf absinthe per day, is nnt more e:;|.oscd tn danger than if he were tu d:ink other nl.-.li..!ic drinks, th..- fatal etfeet noticed in the ease of tbe lover* ..f this .liink can not in any way be altriLuted to nl..sin;he (worm«u3il), since aliHiithe dims not ninL-iin any ; and it is very ca«y to aer-ount for the brutalisiiig eff- i-t of the latter when it is considered that he who drinks 2'i or D:i vlassei nf it places himself under the influence uf liml ur H-m cntilne tre* of alcohol of from li/i to tin ci-utii-iiial degrees. -- (.\ilhiuiui. A Si-E-ino for C'lioLrni- -Thn following is Dr. Bnni'.s recipe for the treatment of Clmlcra bv copper, which he considers a specific, l«-:iu-n, as mir loaders are aware, he his siiem-odnl iu establisliini; the fact that workmen who constantly hsii-'le e..]..,ur or brass are uni versally taeui;t from the .lis-i..;.' Ou.j a day, an-1 twice if necessary, from 2 to in .Imps, according to age, fliouhl he token of the follow inu' mixture as a preserva tive : -Crystallised aeetnk- uf l.-ad, S gins. ; Kossean'a laudanum, 1 do. ; romnuili water, in ditto. Always wear thin copper tinsel, cut into round bits, here and there on the abdomen mid ch.-st ; or else apply the fol lowing ointment :-Cr.vH'allisi-.| acute of lead, 4 gins. : extract of belladonna, 4 Ho. ; puriliel lion's lard, »fl do. 1 »r else take a bath of sulphate of copper, 500 pin?. ; and sub-carbonate of soda, 2W pus. ; every second day. In rase of an ntUck uf cliolerj, administer the vsolution, and if 110 enpper tinsel be at ha:id lay all the kitchen copper* niiout tlie patients person. 11 a lavouranie reaction does not speedily tilt-.- |il:iee, put :i ra;; saiurati-il with khU water between the inelnl und the skin, and repeat the dose 01 the aneUle solution. li the jiatieut eannot take anything, rub th; ointment over the whole body ; or else introduce ,ths solution under the skin by means of Pravcz's svringe. l-r. liurq doe:: not consider the local irritation 'of tlie skill subsequent to this oprra tion of any couseqnen.e in such a raxc. Tub O.vsir.ix Coxvextios.— ThePiess nf F.urope is still busy with the (Jostcin Ooiiventioii, which the Au.s trians criticise with great bitterness, roganling as disgraceful the condu?t of their Government, in consent iug to receive a pecuniary indemnity in return for its complaisance on the score nf Luienburg. The rumoured intention of the 'Coiidoningatoi-s' to make over the throne of Kehleswig- Holsteiii io the grand Duke of Oldenburg has not In-on ollicially contirmed ; but the people of those prnvinces have little hope of being con sulted as to their ehnice of a sovereign. It appears that Lauenlmrg, at the conclusion of the treaties of Vienna, belonged to Hanover, which latter, by a secret conven tion, ceiled to Prussia the portion of' the little Duchy, and situated on the right bank nf (he l'lbe, with some annexes. When tlie question of the Scandinavian Kingdoms was settled. Norway was taken from Den mark, to punish her for liaving remained faithful to the First Empire, and was given to Sweden, which had abandoned (he UiiipKi-iu- Napoleon in his adversity. In nrder that Denmark mi^ht not appear tn be too openlv des|»iled, she was pr. raise 1 Swedish Pomerania'. Sweden had accepted Norway very willingly, but was less eager to give up her (share of Pomnrania, and the pro mise seemed in danger of remaining a project only. At the moment when all hope for Deumark seemed lost, Prussia, who wished to unite Swedish l'ouieniuia tu Prussian lVnnerania, interposed her pood offices on con dition of an exchange nf Swedish l'omerania for that part of Laiienburg ceded to Prussia by Hanover. Swedish Pomerania was consequently maJc over to Den mark, who at once male it over, as ngrecd upon, and received Luienburg in exchange. Prussia uow takes back Liuenburg, but does not return Pomerania, so that as she has both the province she sold and the price paid for it. In regard to this re-absorptio-.i of Lauenburg, there is, at least, the pretext that the House of Nobles of that Duchy has solemnly voted for the annexation to the domain of the powerful neigbliour who U so anxious to Becond the wish thus formerly cxpressel. Hut the separation of Schlcswig and llolstein is regarded by both those provinces as contrary to their traditional nnd historic rights, and prejudicial to their interests. As for the question of their future Sovereign, there seems little doubt that the majority of the people are warmly in favour of the Duke of Aug'istvnburg. At all events, they loudly demand to he allowed to declare there pre ference by a national vote. Iiut Prussia ignores these facts. She is willing to let Tjauenburg decide her own destiny, because she knnwns that her vote will lie for annexation, but being fully aware of the repngnance of Schleswig and Holstein for her yoke, she will not tolerate tbe proposition to allow them a voice iu deciding their destiny. According to the census taken last December, these two Duchies contain a population of 058,57!* in habitants, and a territorial mi r face of 318 German square miles. Holstein has fia3,210 souls, Schlcsvtig 405,309. The chief towis are, in Holstein, Altona, 52.7S1 inhabitants. Kiel, lS.OO.fi; Rendsburg, 9412; and Keumunster, 77H7 ; in Sehleswist, Flenshurg, 20, 13S; Schleswig, 10.WU; fladersleben, 8293; and Apenrale, 5444. Prussia's offer to nuke Kendsburg a Federal fortress, Kiel a Federal port, and to promote tbe creation of Herman fleet, is treated with angry dis dain by the Austrian journals, which declare that Prussia, under the influence of M. Von liisraarck, will never recognise any other German fleet than one com manded by herself, any other Federal port than that in which her ships keep guard, nor any other Federal for tress than the 0113 of which she keeps tbe key in ber own hand. The state of affairs in the Duchies appears to lie deplorable ; and the people have abundant oppor tunity of regretting the light yoke they were so anxious to shake off. Denmark, meantime, is busy with the modification of her Constitution, which she is trying to bring into harmony with the altered state of her posses sions, and is moreover engaged in divising means of relief for the pirtion of her remaining territory that has Buffered most severely from the ravages of the late cam paign. Tbe existence of ' secret articles ' in the Gas tein Convention is alternately asserted and denied- The Prussian Press scouts the idea of any guarantee of her non-German Provinces having been given to Austria ; and the Austrian Press asserts that any such pledge, if given, would prove utterly worthless in tbe hour of trial. Whatever may be tbe sentiments of the two sovereigns, there is certainly very little friendliness between their respective subject*. The Kaiser, meantime, pursues his project of conciliation. An Imperial Ordinance has dissolved the Traneylranian Diet, whicii is to be elected anew in accordance with the Transylvmnian Electoral law of June Srd, 184S, and which will at once proceed to the consideration of the union between Transylvania and Hungary, a mbjrrt which win also occupy Uw attention of the Hungarian Diet as soon at it shall have a-aem'M.— v. M. lltraii torrtap—dem. . IIatcrbiti- OrcETisicRD. — A woman, in one of the rensus districts pn Long Iidand, gave to the enumerator* the names of twenty uf her children, and then said &W; lielieved there wtre two or three luore, but abc couldn't just thcu remember their names. At the late liooiburn (X. S. W.I Abates Mr. Loefc !. art, ( «,!iiuit Inner of C'r.i-n Lands, and Mr. Lynch, Ai-si.-iauL liul.l C.iiiiiuusi.iuvr, were convicted of aasau'.t in^ e.tHi n-.lii'r, tl:c cause of their quarrel being a difler ri:--' (-f opiiiidu n* i-. t*ie 1 i -.ht to occupy certain Govern ment ('iliw-s. 'i'li* C'rk-f Justice reserved judgment, iu nr.ier tu cw.wiltwkh liis ralleiguts. On Uie 27th inst. Sir Alfred StcpLtn delivered judgment in the Supreme Court, Sydney, deelaring Iiclh to be iu the faulty auJ fining Mr. Wkhart £Sti, and Mr. I.y nob jC20 ; both jiarties to lie bound over in £205 to beep the pc^oc for twelve months. Tumcco isiutsProdccis. — 'i'bf&msunrptiou; of to liaecii in Kruuee is annually 27,000 to 2S,-r-0 tons, or about Mhi Kiii-in-ues (1 Ib il[ ox) per luatd of the popu lation. In linglaiid thsauuu.:! ci-iiniiu:iiti(m was ill 1S.7.', 1S,OUO tins, or iibniit 700 graiumes (1 Ib 8J -tf) JK-f he.ulun an average. The quantity aunildlr crnrtu j.-j.i by Ihe whole worid is actually 27.'»,'l'») tons. fe-tweei- I-Veii'.ii and Kn-IMi, a cloud of carbonic a-:i-l U geuer-iUj ulil.-b wei^lis nearly llKl.OiKl tuns; and all count rto-; united piuducc, according to the calculation of l'ru fu.,-.,r Sehleijcu, a quantity of c.irl.ouic a::d from tbii source weishiii^ no less than 5--0,0-» 1 tuns auiiuully, Tlie prn|it.rtiuii ut° nicotine or poisoiiuus e-«in-e of the plant, varies from 2 to In |.er cent, nccn. din;; to tbe ciixum Ht-iiice of its sroinh. In Prince, that uf the department uf hut is richest of all in the i»-ison, having 8 |-er cent. ; in the Nerd it U lit , iu tbe I'h* de (.'u'.&is; nearly h per cent ; in Aliice, tliu tolucco grown contains only 3.' p-.-r cent; that of Virginia, 0» per cent; ilarvlaud, :ii j HavHiiuah, only i per cent of pouon. A few d.iy« Inu-k the police fouud t'oc eoqaes of three yuuiig cir!- who hal tenuiuaied their existuuee with chaicial in 0111: uf the.ilil houses of the Itue lleautreillis, I'aris. It appeared that the family to which tb.-y !.ebii.'. 1 had a luunomania for suiei.le ; that the father, i:i ci.iiM'rf,iencj of eojninercnl misfoiiunes had thrown liiui-'-lf 1K.111 t!i- to;. .11 ihe Tour St Janpies ; that the sin had enlistel as u soldier, and the.u blo-.vn out bit bi-.iins: 1,h.|v. that Kujeiiie, ? of tha lliroe (tirli, h.vl umdo s.:,erjl utieupts tu roaniit suicide, and lial beiu confined at iJiiaienton. It w,i-.in!y a. fortnight a^- that her mother, thinking her entirely cuivd, withdrcv h.r from lhat inyluui and look her hour-. Jiujenie, bcinj left alone with her two sisters, took the op[iortunity of converting them to h.;r own ideas of life und death, tha ci.u.-puu'Mice (if wbie'i wn-i l.but tli^v u-ei.t nut. Imuffht harcoal, an.l then re-entered the room. The mother, 111 returning home, found her three -'aughters dead in a lii.eeliug jiosture, and all attired iu their best drcsaes. Oki.v a Cook. A Berlin letter in the Rhine iazillt thus deseril.es tbe feelin^c\cite.l in the Prussian Limy by the recent niurdcr at llonu. ''Satisfaction ia Jemaoded,' ex-dai.-n the olicers, fr.1111 whnin, and for iiboui ! Ik it I.) be expected tliat an cuiinent member jf ihe society, which furnis an estate in the Government, -hould be di-.i^t'ed before the judges for a cook ! That *ould be a bad example, and the more so if there is a desire to prevent foreigners from interfering iu the ad ministration of .lust ice in Prussia. It would be au attack on the honour of the nobles, and an encourage uieiil lo tlie pride of the middle classic, and must lead Iu the most nerious dangers for the traiiquilily ami t!i* '.afety of the country.' The oflicers naturally conclude iu divluriKi: that the l-'oreiji Pftwcrs have in nowise thu intent ion to inl-f-rr- in this 'ubscurc anW,' and that no iiinbassa.b.r l.\s ^'ive:i bi.m.'lf the trouble to speak to M. vuu Hiwnarek about such a liagitelle. ? Tlie offi cial account at last, and upgiareutly reluctantly, given nut by the Prussian unt.lio.-itie-, concerning the niunlor , of M. Ott, is that Count Kulenburg and other students met a noisv partv ; that one of the students was at tacked, and'a scufi'le ensued, when Count Kulcnburg fell for his s\tord, fouud it guiie, ami then kid uliout him with the sral.harii. It is also slated that the medical evidence is to the effect that the wound on M. Otl'j head was inflicted by a blunt instrument. Thu in the tirst official version of thealKiir thit luti been vouchsafed us. Dkatii of ifHS. Moor.i:. -'On September 4th, at Hloperton Cottage, Mm. Mnnre, widow of the late Thomas .Moore, lisq. author of lalht Ho.,kh, aged 08.' Tin, is an ii:in/iunccment that one of the last roses of a glorious summer ll is at length disappeared. Few are now left of the brilliant company who ftdomel the early part nf 1 lie nineteenth century, mid whose na:ne3 arc famous in our literature. Among these names none is orwill be lirf.l iu mure kindly remembrance than that of the lady to whom the poet Mooic gnve his heart, lloorfl not only loved her— be was proud of her, and it is delightful to ki- in his letters and in his diaries with nh-it eagerness he sounded her praises. He writes to his mother ii» 1S13 -' You cannot imagine what a sensation Uce f excited at the ball the other night. She was very prettily dressed, nnd certainly looked very beautiful. 1 never saw so much admiration excited. It strikes everybody almost tint sees her how like the form and expreesion of her face arc to Catalini's !' And so through all his letters and journals be is never tired of referring to ber — quoting what rIic said, telling what she did, describ hit; how slip looked, and recording how shewas admired. He married her in 1R11, and her history is uumiued up in this one phrase — that she was the delight of his life. She does not appear tn occupy a great place in his poetry ; but it is one of the euriouf traits of many a jwet that he is excited to sing less by the real mistress of his heart than by soiac imaginary heroine, or by Kouie beauty that kindles & passing flame. Mrs. Moore was not a Lesb'a nor a lieatri.-e, nor a Laura., nor a Highland Mary, destined in song to live for ever ; but as much as ivny of these, if not more, she was a poet's idol. She died ut three o'clock on the morning of the 4th . She was sensible to the end ; flic knew that she was dying, and said that she was quite happy. She was th? last that remained to us of the Moore family, and now that she has departed we begin to count with some sadness bow many links are there left to connect the present genera tion of letters with the jnst ! —Tiims. Wholesale Poisoxiso. — Under thin headingtbc ftl lowing extraordinary circumstance is recorded in the Jfamilion SjucUttor :— ' Our readers will, hardly have forgotten how, at a station near Dunkeld, called Devon Park, the pro|ierty of Mr. Silas Harding, a steady, hard working man, by trade a carpenter, met a frightful death by drinking frotn a cask of arsenic water, placed in a shr.de adjoining a shepherd's hut. It will aW be recollected that both tlie coroner and the jury were most severe iu their comments on the recklessness and care Iw3ness disregard of consequence in leaving so danger ous a poison iu a positiou so exposed, so fraught wilh danger to everyone, especially strangers, who might ap proach the spot. All this happened only a few weeks ago, and it will scarcely be believed that, so little effect did the dreadful catastrophe have on those in charge of the station the ars'-nic water has been again used by mis take, and nearly fifty persons poisoned in consequence, hut fortunately, although serious, the result was not in any instance fatal. Our information is obtained from one of the men who partook of the poison, who for (our days was extremely ill and quite unable to work, anl even yet is far f ora recovered from the effects of the ar senic. Tbe occurrence took place on Sunday, the 6th instant. There were at the time, including the shearers, forty-eight men in the men's hut, the food for the whole was provided by the cook on the Btalion. Tho arsenic water was quite unprotected in an open cask, about fifty yards from tlis building, and the only way of accounting for the catastrophe is by supposing that through ne gligence some of this water got mixed with the drinking water furnished for the men's hut. However it hap pened, there is no doubt that the water of which the tea was made was poisoned with arsenic to a considerable extent. The fact, however, was not discovered durlig tea, but within a quarter of an hour after tbe whole of the men were taken ill to a greater or less extent, and it can readily be imagined the dreadful state of alarm which prevailed. The rapid death which bad followed poor Lea's drinking of the arsenic water impressed itself on every mind, for not a doubt existed of the oaflw of the common malady. Upon the first alarm the nearest me dical assistance was sent for, and Dr. Dickinson ooon arrived, and rendered all the aid that ejrald be effected. It was soon found that about ten of the men were far more seriously Ul than the others. ApprehennaQt were' entertained that these would die during Sunday or tie' following day, but it would aeem that the quantity of arsenic was not sufficient to destroy life, although suffi cient to provoke most serious temporary proitratior. None of the men were able to work for .tin two fbllowii g days, and our informant tells as that tor forty-eight hours he himself and most of the men could cat aotfcing. The head was swollen and the eyes seriously inlaaed. That no death should have happened ia, iodmd, a fort)*' nate circumstance, for had life been aacrifieed ftaertau* responsibility would have rested with Uoee- wfcB, after so dreadful a waning, staimlpabty left tin aonan bat position to endanger ti*l!fet-fe?errmtt«tta*UiotL' As showing Uie depneiatio* wMcb 1ms taleia elaea b the market value of V* t of the- Prm* ftaparV* Bitioin de Jmk* Ctur, the feUo*** l1nHIiiiiaa» from tin Jmuwd* Ores torn been «|lri»to4 :—?*/? Tiedt f*la Ctmr, par WtpOtaa D£- ~tzf»ayfct volume and alias, Utra. Twfities h# ftmBZ- PorAatera *M4BM*a U far ft tfeM tt --*F^hm mdritiM?, aftnau'tUrd tt -*?«?* «f* tj and tin la* patttaf^OttBdottn *»-!?' ' ' .....^ 