LA.W £ND CRIMINAL COtPUTS SUPREME-COURT—CRIMINAL SITTINGS. ,f! (Concluded from yesterday.) STEALING TREES. Frederick Laycock, a little boy 10 years of age, was indicted for stealing three trees, .value £1, the property of P. D. Prankerd, at Hackney, on the 5th August. The little fellow, whose head did not reach the top of the boxi when called upon to plead, rose on tiptoe, and said he was guilty, but his father told him to steal the.trees. Another indictment was read, charging him with stealing an orange tree, value 7s. 6d., the property of Mr. Prankerd, on the isth August. The prisoner made the same answer to this indictment. :; His Honor asked him if his father was in Court. - ; 1 Prisoner replied no. ' His Honor asked where his father lived, , -Prisoner replied that his father lived in Norwood. " His Honor called the police who were in charge of the case. - • , Constable Brennan came forward, and in answer to His Honor, said he had not seen the prisoner's father, and he was not in attendance at the Polioe Court when the charge was heard. Mr. Parkerlhad the defence of the prisoner there, and had advised'the father not to appear. ' His Honor told Brennan to go to Norwood and tell, the father that if he- wished to take care of his child, he had better come to the Court. Brennan left to bring the prisoner's father as directed At a later period of the day His Honor asked Mr. Prankerd, who was in Court, whether he knew the lad. Mr. Prankerd said he was at first mistaken in his Earentage, thinking he belonged to some other persons; ut the boy on former occasions had asked him for trees, and he had told him he could take some; but he did not tell him to go and take those which were planted. He was taxed with taking the trees, and at first denied it. His Honor said the boy told the Court that his father told him to take the trees. He was a boy of very tender age,' and he did not wish to send him to gaol. His Honor asked Mr. Prankerd if he knew his father. Mr. Prankerd said he did, not, but he considered the father was the most to blame. His Honor said he had sent for the father. Just before the Court closed Mr. Laycock, the father of the lad, oame into Court, His Honor told him his son was charged with stealing the trees, and asked what sort of a lad he. was. Mr. Laycock said he always found him a very good lad.: His Honor asked if he sent him to school. Mr. Laycook said he did; but at present he was working for him in his shed, which he used as a stonecutter; but with respect to the trees, Mr. Prankerd was having his garden dug up to make a road through it, and as the men employed there and others took any of the trees that were dug up, he sent his boy to ask the gardener if he oould have some. He bad seen as many as 50 a day taken away by the men. and they were lying about by the side of the holes and in all directions. When the boy came back he said he oould have as many as he wanted, and he then told him to be sharp and to lose no time, to be there before the men came, who would take them. He told him, jokingly, that if he was not sharp he would lose the shilling, which he was in the habit of giving him. His Honor asked Mr. Laycock if he bad talked to the man whom the boy said gave him permission. Mr. Laycock said he had not. His Honor asked if the trees were taken up in";the course of making the road. . Mr. Laycock said they were. His Honor said if the boy told an untruth he deserved a good whipping, and if he (Mr. Laycock) felt himself satis fied that no authority had been given to him to take the trees he should give him a good whipping, because if he had passed a sentence it would have been to have him whipped, because lads of his age thought more of a whip ping than any other punishment. It was a serious charge, and he (Mr. Laycock) should take care to give him domestic punishment if he found that he bad not told the truth, but not otherwise. Mr. Laycock promised to make enquiries, and act as advised l y His Honor. His Honor then addressed the little boy, telling him he should give a very slight punishment, and that he had requested his father to enquire whether he had liberty given to him to take the trees, and that if that was the case he would be exoused; but if it was found that he took them without leave, his father was to give him a good whipping, and the only sentenoe tnat he would pass upon him was that he be imprisoned till the rising of the Court. FALSE PRETENCES. George Price was indicted for obtaining a pair of blankets and a shirt, the property of J. Bevilqua, at Lyndooh Yalley on the 16th August instant, by false pretences. This indiotment was quashed, as from the evidence of the prosecutor's assistant, the prisoner obtained the goods, re presenting that he was at work under one of .the road con tractors, and that he would pay for the goods on next pay day. His Honor held that it was a mere promise, and in dis charging the prisoner told him if ha was an honest man he would pay the prosecutor the value of • the property. Prisoner said he had no intention to steal the things, and that he would pay him in a fortnight. STEALING FROM THE PERSON. - William Henry was indicted for stealing a silver watch guard the property of Wm. Howe, at Port Wallaroo, on 7th August inst. William Rowe, proseoutor,-identified the chain produced, and stated that in the afternoon of the 9th he was in the Cornucopia Hotel. The prisoner sat down on the same sent with him. He fell asleep with the ohain round his neck attached to a watch in his waistooat pocket. He was woke up by his mate, named Percy, the prisoner still sitting by him, and he then found that the watch and chain had been taken from him. * Mr. Percy gave evidence of his being at the Cornucopia about 4 o'clock in the afternoon. He left Rowe asleep in the bar, and went into the taproom, and at he oame back again into the bar he saw the prisoner draw his hand from the prosecutor's pooket. He accused the prisoner of having his hand in his mate's pooket, and then woke up Rowe, telling the prisoner to let him alone, and not put hi3 hand in his pocket. The prisoner made no reply, and he then told' Rowe, and leit the hotel followed by the prisoner, who was protesting that he was an honest man. On his return he discovered that Rowe had lost hig watch aftd chain. ; Bv His Honor—When the prisoner followed, him outside he did not observe which way lie went. . Corporal Beasly slated that after the prisoner was arrested a search was made, and the chain was lound under a porter oask outside the door. ' The Jury found the prisoner guilty. His Honor asked Beasley if,he knew the prisoner. Beasley said he was quite a stranger, and had only been In Wallaroo a few days. : ,r , r His Honor, in passing sentence, told the prisoner it was well for him he: was not known to the: police. The amount of stealing which was carried on in public-houses was really frightful. A large'number of persons were obliged to go to those places in going to and from home,'but he was afraid a large number attended them for the purposes of dishonesty. His offence was the more serious, .as, he .robbed the prose cutor while'he was asleep. He did riot get the watch. That was no fault of his, because if he had been able he would bare taken that also. There was no charge in reference to the: watch, but there was no doubt be attempted to commit a felony with regard to that.! " . : . . The prisoner'was sentenced to eight months" imprison ment with hard labor. • LAHCENV.' ■; '!!y Thomas Meagher was indicted for stealing! a blue cuernaey shirt, value three.Bhillings, the property of George Evans, "at Adelaide, oh the 2tth July last. Mr. Ingleby defended the prisoner. . . . . The prosecutor in this case was a city stationman, and the shirt in question was hanging on a fence in Chatham street, where the prosecutor and some other men were-at work. The prisoner, who was in a state of quasi intoxication, was seen to remove the article and stagger forward in a futile effort to run off with it, when some of the men ran up and detained him. : The only defence set up was that the prisoner was drunk. The prisoner was found guilty, bnt recommended; to meroy, A witness was called and gave the prisoner a previous good character. _ His Honor, in passing sentence, said there was no donbt the'prisoner had taken the shirt under ;the influence of drink, and recommended him to become a teetotaller, to keep him from further mischief. As the Jury had recommended, him to mercy, and he had received a good character; he would'take those circumstances into consideration in passing sentence. ; The prisoner was sentenced to four months' imprisonment in the Adelaide Gaol. LARCENY. . Sarah Tucker was indicted for stealing two hair nets, the property of J, Daniels, at Mount Pleasant. Mr. Bruce defended the prisoner. In this case, as there was an expectation that the case would not come on till the following day, arid in consequence the witnesses were not in attendance, His Honor said that if it was adjourned the Jury would hare to attend for that one case alone, and he did not think it was worth whiie to do so, and he therefore recommended her acquittal. The Jury, under His Honor's direction, acquitted the prisoner. His Honor, In dismissing the prisoner, said that the deposition showed a strong case, and if the trial had gone on no doubt she would have been found guilty, but he hoped it would be a caution to her, for shopkeepers must be pro tected and the law put in force when property was stolen from them. •. - The prisoner was discharged. STEALING IS A DWELT.INGH0USE. Thomas Pick was Indicted for stealing from the dwelling house ot Robert Buck one pair of boots, value 14s., the pro perty of B. Bligh, at Wallaroo, on the 3rd August instant. The prosecutor in this case was a lodger in the house of Mrs. Buck, at Clare, and on the evening of the day named the prisoner was seen by Mrs- Buck's little daughter to come out of the prosecutor's room with the boots in his hand. The girl told her mother of what she had seen, and Mrs. Buck came lor ward, and caught hold of the prisoner, just as he had left the house. Mrs. Buck said the prisoner . was drunk at the time. The Jury found the prisoner guilty. His Honor, in passing sentence, said the plea o drunkenness could never be allowed to prevail in a Court of Justice, and he would advise the prisoner not to get drunk again, because the present case would be recorded against him', and if he oame before him again it would be used against him. His Honor told him that his case differed from the previous one, because that was a theft not from a dwellinghouse, but the property that he had stolen_was under the protection of a house, and, therefore, he must pass a heavier sentence than he did in that case. The prisoner was sentenced to six calendar months' im prisonment with hard labor. ATTEMPT AT FRAUD. . Thomas Thomas was brought np to answer a charge of attempting to defraud Susan Dumbleton, at Clare,' on the 5th July, but there was no information in Court. His Honor direoted the prisoner's discharge, and told him that he was very properly committed for trial by the Magis trate, hut there being no information, all he had to do was to order his discharge. . The accused was discharged. . ' • SENTENCES. ' :' George Richardson, who pleaded guilty to stealing abottle of ginger wine, came np for sentence. His Honor told the prisoner that he found he.was com mitted to gaolfor six months for deserting and ill-using his wife, and in 1861 he was imprisoned for an assault.. -He only alluded to those facts as a caution to him ; but being anch a long time ago, he should not aliow them to influence him in passing sentence. He had pleaded drunkenness. Publicans were liable to be fined lor giving drink to drunken men. He was afraid the prisoner had given him self np to drink; but he advised him to save up all the money he spent iu drink, and no doubt be would then soon become a rich inan. The prisoner was sentenced to four months' imprison ment. ' Edioard Stumbles, who pleaded guilty to stealing two casks of butter from a ship at the Port, now bound for India, came up for sentence. His Honor, in passing sentence, told the prisoner it was a serious orime for seamen to rob a ship, because their duty was to proteot all property on board. There were two casks of butter, and in the interests of society he must pass "a severe sentence to convlrice seamen that they could not rob a ship with impunity. The prisoner was sentenced to eight months' imprison ment with hard labor. There being no other case on the calendar, the Jury were discharged. - -- -' His Honor, in discharging the Jury, mentioned that there had been 65 prisoners disposed of daring the Sittings. - An Agricultural Society offered a premium for-the best mode of irrigation, which was printed irritation by mistake; whereupon Mr. Caudle, an honest farmer, strongly recommended Mrs. C. to show her* self for the prize. Mr. C. received his reward.: An Exchange oe Compliments.—Two men of fashion, meeting a beautiful lady in a narrow street in Qlasgow, her ear caught the following observa tions:—" I protest, Jack, this place is as narrow as Balaam's passage" (the lane so- called in Q-lasgow). " Yes," said his companion, "and like Balaam I'm stopped by an angel." " And-1,"' retorted the lady, "by the ass!" A wine merchant once left a suspected assistant in his cellar, and said to him, " Now, lest you should drink the wine while I am away, I will chalk your mouth so that I may know it." He then rubbed his nail across the man's lips, and pretended to leave the mark of chalk on them. The man drank of the wine, and to deceive his master, chalked his mouth, and thus discovered himself. "I always sing to please myself," said-a tiniber toned canticulus, humming a tune in company in his usual distressing style. "Then you're not at all difficult to please," "remarked a gratified beau. Answered,—" Lassie," said a Cockney tourist in Scotland to a barefooted peasant girl, " do all the people in these parts go barefooted ? " " Part of them do, and the rest mind their own business." True to"a Hair.—A juvenile dandy said to a fair partner at ball, "Don't you think my moustachois are becoming ?"—To which she replied, " Well, sir, they may be coming, but they have not yet arrived." It is said that an ingenious Yankee has invented a machine with which he intends to transport" the Emerald Isle to America. Sir Walter Scott declared that the only men he had ever known who assserted they had seen a ghost had all ended by committing suicide. A dealer in ready-made linen advertises his Bhirts and chemises under the mellifluous * appellation of "male and female envelopes." Why are birds in spring- like a banking esta blishment?—Because they are promissory notes; and rejoice when the branches are flourishing/ : : A horse-dealer, describing a used-up horse, said he looked as if he had been editing a newspaper. The oldest piece of furniture is the multiplication 14 table." It was constructed more than two thousand years ago, and is as good as new,-.., v. 