THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 1865. In the Legislative Council, yesterday, Mr. Hull asked whether the Government intended to re-commisB¡on the Victoria as a ship of war, in accordance with tho report of Commodore Sir W. Wiseman of September last? Mr. Hervey replied, that the Government had come to no decision on the subject. The message of the Legislative Assembly with regard to the amendments of the Coun- cil in the Hospital Law Consolidation Bill wes then taken into consideration. On the motion of Mr. Sladen, the House insisted upon its amendments as to plurality of votes, and the continuance to life-go- vernors under former acts of the privilege of voting by proxy. The Public Moneys and Audit Law Con- solidation Bill, and the Electoral Act Con- solidation Bill, were each read a third time. On the motion of Mr. Hervey, the Jastices Law Consolidation Bill was read a second time, and passed through committee, Mr. Hull moved for the production of any despatch received from the Imperial Govern- ment in reference to the Treasurer's memo- randum, dated March 23,1864, relative to the defence of the colony. The hon. member reviewed at length the action taken by the Government with regard to colonial defence, and condemned them for placiDg the Victoria out of commission, for allowing batteries to fa]l into disrepair, for placing so small a sum as £15,000 for defences on the Estimates, and for not sending home for more useful im- plements of warfare than Armstrong guns. Mr. Cole seconded the motion. Mr. Hervey said the only communication received from the Imperial Government with regard to the Treasurer's memorandum was a simple acknowledgement. He added that the Victoria had been repaired, and could De placed in commission at any moment; and that the Government were about to ask Par- liament to sanction the raising of a loan for defensive woiks. After a reply from. Mr. Hull, the motion was withdrawn, On the motion of Mr. Slades, tho report of the committee on the Cemeteries Law Amend- ment Bill was adopted, and the measure was lead a third time, and passed. The House adjourned at six o'clock until four p.m. to-day. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Gram stated, in reply to Mr. Long- more, that the Government were taking every precaution againEt the perpetration of frauds similar to those which occurred under the Land Act of 1802, and with this view the local officers would bo assisted in tho admi- nistration of the new land law by officers from Melbourne. In reply to Mr. M'Lellan, Mr. Michie said the Government intended to revise the magisterial roll. On the motion of Mr. Sherwin, the report of the Select Committee on the St. Kilda and Brighton Railway Sale Bill was considered, and adopted. Mr. Howard moved that the report from the Select Committee on the Hobson'a Bay »nd Melbourne (late Suburban) Railway Companies Amalgamation Bill, with the amendments made by the committee therein, be taken into consideration. Mr. Higinbotham called attention to a statement made to him that day on behalf of thoEmerald-hill Borough Council, to the effect that an understanding was arrived at in com- mittee that the report should not be con sideied until after the Easter recess. Mr. Snodgrass, on the part of the com- mittee, denied any such understanding, The only understanding was, that a bill defining the liability of the Hobson's Bay Company should be introduced and carried at the same time as this bill. That measure was now before tho examiners. After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Lalor proposed, as an amendment, that the bill be committed to a committee of the whole House. At half-past six o'clock-the usual time for doting the consideration of private bill busi- ness-the House divided, when the amend- ment was rejected by thirty-nine to sixteen. On the motion of Mr. Snodgrass, the re- port of the board appointed to inquire into the claims of Mr. Maxwell, in reference to the Spencer-street dock, was ordered to be laid on the table. The House went iuto Committee of Supply, when the following votes for salaries and wages were agreed to ¡-County Courts, Courts of Mines, and General Sessions, £12,270 ; clerks of courts and interpreters, £28,987 10s. ; intestate estates office, £1,100 ; Treasurer's office, £10,520 13a. 4d. ; receivers and pay- masters, £13,073 6s. 8d. ; gold receivers, £760; Government printing office, £33,892 10a.; mil itaiy-troops in garrison, £3,000; local military department, £6,513 15j. ; naval training'and.block ship, £2,375 7a. Gd. ; survey, sale, and management of Crown lands, £24321 ; geological survey, £3,785; observa- tory, £1,486 13s. 4d. ; public works depart- ment, £9,143 Gs. 8J. : customs, £46,032 0j. lid. ; ports and harbours, £58,CG0 19j. 9J. ; light- houses, £1,530 l63. ; horbour light?, £2,353 10e. ; light vessels, £2,041 15s. ; distilleries, £2,000; immigration, £935; powder maga- zines, £407 103. ; General Post-office7 Mel- bourne, £27A283 16a. 8d. ; all other post-offices, £12,058 11s.; country postmasters (allow- ances) £14,000; electric telegraphs, £32,359 6s. 8d. ; railways, £33,350; department of mines, £6,631 13a. 4d. ; roads and bridges, £4,98G 13s. 4d. In reply to Mr. Longmore, Mr. Verdon said the block-ship wob fitted up for the reception of boys, and 200 youths from the Industrial School would shortly be placed on boatd temporarily. It was the in- tention of tho Government to introduce a bill which would enable magistrates to Bond boys to the ship, with a view to their being trained for tho sea. In answer to Mr. Greeves, Mr. Vbrdon observed that a map showing the results of the geodetic survey was in the Chamber. In-1809, the cost of survey by salaried ^officers was Is. Id. per acre, and by the contract system, 2}d. per acre. In 1863, the cost was, by salaried officers, 2s, 7d., and by contract, a little over 10d. per acre. Mr. Grant explained that the increase in cost was attributable chiefly to the survey of a vast number of small allotments on the gold-fields on which improvements had been made. Mr. Zr al contended that the contract sur vejs would not compare with the work done under the salaried tj-ttem. Ho waa afraid tl-at, at eome future day, Government would bo called opon to pay large sums by way of compensation for errors committed by con- tract surveyors. Mr. Ghans stated that 5,000,000 acres of agricultural lands were already surveyed; and he proposed, before the cloie of the se ? eion, to ask for a supplementary vote, in order that a large extent of land might be constantly kept open for selection, Mr. Gillies asked that tho geological sur- veyors should ha directed to apply them Eelves to thoso parts of the country which were likely to bo beneficial to the miniiig community. Mr. Grant promised that the subject should'j'" receive confideration. £r In reply to Mr. Blackwood, ' Mr. Verdon said it was not at present the intention of the Government to Bubmit any proposal for resuming telegraphic communi- cation between Victoria and Tasmania. Among the other votes agreed to were the following:-Advertising in the public journals, £5,000 : expenses of colonial agency, £2,441 ; expenses of prosecutions under the revenue lawn, £1,000; to meet unforeseen and acci- dental expenditure, £10,000 ; grant in aid of the funds of the Jewish community, £500 ; expenses of pounds, £500 ; to enable the Trea- surer to make advances to public officers and others, £60,000 ; contract surveye, £15,000 ; survey of runs, £2,500 ; foncing and improving public parks and gardens, £1,200; main- tenance of wharf and jetty lights, £1,100; maintenance of Kent's Group and King's Island lighthouses, £950 ; conveyance of in- land mails, £50,000 ; survey of water supply areas, £5,000 ; rewards io discoverers of gold- fields, £16,150. In reply to Mr. Vale, Mr. Verdon said the colonial agency in England at present consisted partly of an office created some time ago in connexion with the railway department, the holder of which did much miscellaneous work for the Government, and partly of an office filled by the Crown agent, who performed the com- mercial wprk for this and other colonies of the British empire. Mr. Levey expressed the opinion that the present colonial agent had taken the office only with the view of advancing his interests in the Imperial military service. Mr. Verdon stated that Major Pasley, who held office only until the Government could make other arrangements, on accepting the appointment, intimated his opinion that a person of greater influence in London should be the agent general for the colony. The following voteB for departmental con- tingencies were also passed ¡-Department of Minister of Justice, £26,650 ; Treasurer's de- partment, £47,000 ; Lands and Survey £49,468; Public Works. £4.200; Trade and Customs, £18,620; Post-office and Electric Telegraphs, £24,949 ás. ; Railways, £220,371 12a. (id. ; department of Mines, £14,471 lOi. ; Bonds and Biidges, £7,160. At half-past eleven o'clock, progress was reported. Mr. IIab.keii moved that the House will, on Friday, rtsolve itself into committee, to con- sider the Governor's message on the subject of compensation to members of Parliament. The motion was agreed to. The repoit on the Lien on Crops Bill was adopted, and on the motion of Mr. Casey, was read a third time and paused. The IIousb adjourned at ten minutes to twelve o'clock. " We are to relinquish, the controlling check of the Upper IIouso ; wo are to constitute one over-ruling, privileged, democratic body, and to trust it with an authority, not only unlimited, not only irresponsible, but secret and unBeen. No, never will such a tyranny be borne I"-Sir R. Peel's Speech at the Ghigow Banquet, January 13, 1837. When the Chief Secretary laid his head upon his pillow on Tuesday night, reflecting upon the incidents of the pre- ceding day, and endeavouring to balance the bitterness with the sweets of office, he would be able to console himself with the assurance that his Ministry still pos- sessed the confidence of Mr. Graham Beery. That great tribunus plebis had assured him that his confidence in the Ministry was unimpaired, notwith- standing the sinister rumours which were afloat that the Cabinet had changed their intention in reference to the tacking of the Tariff to the Appro- priation Act. Mr. M'Culloch may reckon upon the support-at least for the nonce-of the East Collingwood patriot. If the class to which he belongs, and the community generally, look upon the Minister as recreant from the principles of free trade, and cast him from them, the advocates of protection will open to him their arms. When, moreover, the hour of trial and retribu- tion shall come, Mr. Graham Berry will throw over him and his colleagues the ogis of his protection, under which he and they may boldly confront the world in arms ! And so our fond illusion has evanished, " like the airy nothing of a dream !" Ministers, although they must perceive that they have committed a great mis- take in their policy, have not the honesty, the manliness, or the courage to confess it. It is a mistake, we fear, to have expected that they would acknow- ledge their error and retrace their steps. The law officers will have ad- vised them that there is no precedent for such a course. Conscious though, they may be of inconsistency, and even ashamed of it, they must not confess it. Alarmed, perhaps, at the mischief which they have foolishly done, and at the opposition which they have evoked, they dare not retreat. Diplomacy and Minis- terial pride do not allow of frankness, or of the ingenuousness which can acknowledge á fault. The descendus -Averni admits of no pause and certainly of no recovery. Down, down to the yawning gulf Mr. M'Culloch and his col- leagues must go. Sic fata decrevcruni. When their miserable ghosts shall wander by the banks of the gloomy Styx, perhaps they will remember that, had they listened to our warn- ings and followed our counsels, they might have achieved an honourable name. And if in their disembodied condition they shall be able to confabu- late, their mutual reproaches and re- criminations may be imagined. Wc will not attempt to give them utter- ance. Meanwhile, however, since the M'Cul , loch Ministry, if accessible to compun^' tion, are not brave enough to make a~ public recantation of their error, we have to deal with the impending con- flict with the Upper House, This is no longer doubtful. We must regard the issue as definitely declared. The Ministry have thrown down the gauntlet, and issued their challenge to the Council. Wc are curious to ascertain in what way the» Council will accept the challenge, and join issue with the Ministry and with their majority in the Assembly, More than one course ia open to the Upper House. They -may desire thus early in tbeir'history to protest once and for ever against the attempt to rob them of their rightful influence in the state, and, after the example of the House of. Lords, adopt a standing order which shall prohibit the introduction of any bill which shall be sent up from the Lower House which involves such an unwar- rantable assumption of dictatorial power, and such a gratuitous insult to their order. Or they may bo willing to await th^attack upon them, and determine to «u^attlo for the constitution, by employ- ing "all tlie weapons made ready to their hands. "We are not greatly concerned as to the method which the Council may adopt to vindicate their own privi- leges and to save the community from the injury which the new Tariff is al- ready working amongst us. We wish the Upper House to know that wo look now to them alone. They only can save the-state at the present juncture. Let them prepare themselves for the conflict which has been forced ¿ípon them. The country will expect them to display a prudence and a judgment which can never hereafter bo impugned, and a calmness and dignity which may afford a suitable contrast to the prejudice and passion, the ignorance and the folly, which have been manifested elsewhere. The present is a crisis in our colonial history which calls for high statesman- ship as well as for unflinching determi- nation on the part of the senators of our Upper House. We trust that it may be said of them when they shall have performed the part to which they are now called, Bene meriti aunt de republicâ. While calling upon the Council to do their duty wisely and well in the pre- sent political emergency, we must also call upon the people to do theirs. As the occasion of the threatened conflict between the two powers in the state is a money bill, one which touches the inte- rests of the people directly, because it touches their pockets, it is for the people to speak out. We are free to acknow- ledge that they have already done so in a suitable manner, whenever the oppor- tunity has been afforded them. They must remember, however, that the battle is not yet won, and that it will never be won by proxy. Every man must engage in the contest as of inte- rest to himself, to his children (if he have any), and to the country. This wretched protection farce must never be repeated. Let us unfurl the standard of free trade, and bear it for- ward, in spite of all opposition. The League appears to be doing its work faithfully, but it must not relax in its efforts. If Ministers and the Pro- tectionists have expected the public en- thusiasm to die out-if they have counted upon carrying their object when the vigilance of the people might, in weariness from the protracted conflict, be taken by surprise, they must be un- deceived. Agitate, agitate ! Petition, petition ! This fair country shall never be given over to the crude theories and suicidal policy of Protectionists. The report laid before Parliament by the Minister of Mines on the mineral statistics of Victoria for the year 1864, is, we hope, the first of a series to bo produced annually. It is a valuable contribution to the history of the pro- gress of the colony. It presents at a glance the state of mining matters at the close of the year, and affords mate- rials which help us to form conclu- sions as to the future prospects of one of the most important industries in which the people aro engaged. It forms an excellent addition to the great folio of statistics which we owe periodically to Mr. Archer, and if. some of the other departments of the public service would go and do likewise, little room would be left for complaint on the part of the student of local history. The great point in all documents such as this, is, of course, the accuracy of the figures supplied. When the statistics were collected monthly, by officers over whom the control exercised by the depart- ment was little more than nominal, and who drew their remuneration from other sources than the public treasury, we re- ceived the information they furnished with considerable doubts as to its entire trustworthiness. Some of the mining surveyors, there is no doubt, conscien- tiously endeavoured to discharge in tlie best manner the trust reposed in them. But it was notorious that in many cases their time was too valu- able to permit of the necessary atten- tion to the collection of these statis- tics for the sum which the depart- ment was able to assign to them for the work. It was equally well known that others made little or no pretence even of supplying the latest information, and took not the smallest trouble to bo accurate in their statements, or intelligent and informing in their reports. Statistics so leavened with error could not be ac- cepted as other than of doubtful utility ; and we hear with satisfaction of changes adopted by the Mining department, which now collects information less fre- quently, pays more reasonably for it, and takes additional precautions that the returns furnished to it shall be less open to question. "We may accept the return before us, therefore, as being sufficiently accurate to base comparisons on hereafter, although we may have less faith in the figures for past years with which we may contrast those now pre- sented. The first remarkable fact which wo find authenticated by the return is, that, since 1SÖ9, the number of miners has decreased from 125,764 to 83,397, or about one-third. The decrease has been steady, year after year. It is curious, ?also, that the average earnings per man, in so fluctuating a pursuit, should be so very steady as they havo been, having ?varied only from £67 '17s. lOd. in 18G2, to £70 9s. in I860; while in 1859 they were £72, and in 1864, £72 -n. 6d. The great decrease in the number of miners has been among those of European descent, the Chinese still numbering 21,097, as against 25,173 in IMS). Deducting those Eastern tub and civile men, we find that only 61,800 uni opean miners were at work at the .closeof 1864. Of these againsome 1.6,160 were engaged in quartz-mining, while .only eight ?Chinamen (and these in the Ballarat district) were reported to be at work in "stone-holes." That steady labour on the quartz-reefs is much more profit- able to the miner than digging in the alluvia], is shown by the calculation that duriDg the past year the quartz-miner averaged .£130 13s. 9£d., while his brother of the alluvial netted only £61 Gs. We find that 441 engines of 6,891-horse powor, were engaged in alluvial workings, and 4 47 engines of 7,746-horse power in quartz mines. The total value of the machinery is set down at £1,49G,699. This large sum, how- ever, does not represent the cost of the apparatus, but its present worth. The workings, which in 1S60 covered G43 square miles, now extend over nearly 900 square miles, and the almost daily discoveries in Gipps Land will rapidly extend the measure of the area of land known to be auriferous. It does not appear that the yield of all the quartz crushed has been accurately ascertained . but the surveyors report quantities as passed through the mills which make an aggregate of 843,5151 tons of quartz, the average yield from which was lOdwt. and nearly 7gr. per ton. This result harmonizes not unsatisfac- torily with a calculation which shows that, from the beginning of 1859 to the close of 1SG4, the quantity of quartz crushed has been 2,409,987 tons, the average yield from which was 12dwt. and over 10gr. The Beechworth dis- trict-where few nuggets have been found in the alluvial, and those few of very small size-gives an average of 23dwt. and nearly 17gr. per ton ; while that of Ballarat-where the alluvial has been rich and nuggetty-gives an average of only4dwt. and less than 17gr. Attention is now being given in many localities to the recrushing of tailings, and we find that from 257,778 tons of refuse of this kind, an average yield of 4dwt. and nearly 12gr. was obtained. We were scarcely prepared to be informed that only 5,129 acres of auriferous lands were held under lease at the close of the year, while 5G5,804 acres were occupied by holders of miners' rights. The fact will probably strengthen the hands of the Minister of Mines in reducing the rent of auriferous land, while it justifies us in the hope that some distinc- tion will be drawn between miner's rights held by individuals and those taken out wholesale by mining compa- nies. Maryborougli continues to head the list of mining districts as regards the numberof miners itfurnishes employment for. The numbers in December stood thus:-Maryborough, 17,991 ; Ballarat, 17,330; Castlemaine, 10,657 ; Beech- worth, 15,865 . Sandhurst, 12,32S . and Ararat, 4,815. Beechworth, however, has more quartz-miners than any of the others, and Ballarat the greatest number of workers in alluvial claims. The number of distinct reefs of quartz proved to be auriferous is 1,700, extending over an area of 892 square miles. Mary- borough has the largest number (531), and Ararat the smallest (39). In Bal- larat there are 136, in Beechworth 354, in Sandhurst 300, and in Castlemaine 334. It is remarkable that, in Sandhurst dis- trict, where there are so many rich reefs, the average yield is only 9dwt. IG 13-14gr., while in Maryborough, where the reefs are less remarkable for their occasionally rich returns of gold, the average is 12dwt. 5 4-5gr. In Wood's Point subdivision, the average yield has been over 3oz. Gdwt. per ton, from 13,0G2 tons. We regret to notice that only 62 leases for " minerals other " than gold " have been taken out. Of these, 26 were for antimony, 24 for silver, 3 for coal, 3 for lignite, 2 for kaolin and other clays, 2 for slate, and 1 for copper. Fifty-five licences to search for various minerals were issued, covering 27,572 acres of land. Of silver, over 4,207oz. were exported during 1864 ; of tin ore, 9 3 A- tons ; and of antimony over 400 tons. Forty diamonds had been found in Beechworth district up to the end of the past year ; and it will be remembered that a small one, of excel- lent water, was found a year or two ago at Jim Crow. These figures will convey to the reader some idea of the contents of the first report of the Minister of Mines to Par- liament. They will bear out our re- marks as to the value of the document, and the wish that in each succeeding year we may find the department ready with a similar return. The after-dinner portion of last night's sitting of the Legislative Assembly was con- sumed in voting supplies. Although some lengthy discussions took place witli regard to small items, hon. members managed, in the space of four hours, to pass votes amounting in the aggregate to nearly a million of money. Of the Estimates for 1865, the education vote and a few other debateable items only remain to be considered. In the Supremo Court yesterday, the cause of Franchi and another v, Chaj>j>le came on for trial again. The jury at the last trial were locked up u night, could not agree, and were discharged without verdict. The parties ob- tained an opportunity to go to trial a second time on an early day, instead of at the next niii prius sittings, and yesterday was fixed. But when tho Court met yeBterday, and the jury were impannelled, tho defendant ob- tained a postponement until nest Tuesday* on the ground.of the temporary absence, in the colonial ship Trio, of a material witness, the former captain of the Souchays. The monthly meeting of the Medical Society of Victoria was held at the Board- room of the Melbourne flospital last evening, Dr. Martin, president, in the chair. The presentation of two volumes by Dr. Mneller, viz,, Plants Indigenous to Victoria, and Frag- menta Phytographix Australia, vol. iv., waB acknowledged, anda vote of thanks passed to Dr. Mueller, who was present, A paper was then read by Mr, Ralph upon " The parasitic nature of the disease in cattle termed pleuro pneumonia,, and tho prob&blo; relation of some obscure diseases of the human economy to a parasitic origin." This contained a detailed account of the result of some elaborate investigations of the writer, by means of chemical experi- ments and. microscopic observations, into the nature of some abnormal appearances found in the blood and tissues of animals affected with pleuro-pneumonia, and sought to establish an analogy between these appear- ances and some observable in the human subject in connexion with some diseases at present very imperfectly comprehended, and which the writer believed had a parasitic origin. Mr. Ralph stated that- ho did not entertain the subject from a veteri- nary but from a medical point of view. The paper concluded with urging the im portaiico of close microscopic observations of the abnormal appuaiauces treated of, a merely chemical examination of them being very ill calculated to throw light on the j rature of the organisms producing them. Some discussion aroso upon tho papor, in which the importance of tho subject as a field of medical inquiry was remarked upon. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Ralph foi his paper. Dr. Mueller then addressed the meeting, giving an exposition of tho grounds on which another expedition in search of Leichhardt had been pro- jected, and contending that the probabilities involved were, not so hostile to tho likelihood of a successful isBue as was currently pre- sumed. Ho also thought that, as a medical man, Leichhardt had some claims to the at- tention of the society respecting this move- ment. Upon this subject it was considered advisable that a general meeting of the pro ¡ fession should bo called to hear Dr. Mueller's appeal and to take such action as should seem advisable. The weekly meeting of the Council of the Acclimatisation Society was held on Tues- day- present, Dr. Mueller, Piofe3sor M'Coy, Messrs. G. S. Lang, D. S. Campbell, A. Pur chas, J. Steavenson, and Thomas Loader. A letter was read from Mr. Green, of Badger Creek, reporting that the salmon were all doing well and growing fast. The secretary reported that a copy of the paper read by Mr G. S. Lang at the last meeting had been forwarded to tho salmon commissioners of Tasmania, but no reply had yet been re- ceived. The diECUBsion upon it was there- fore adjourned until next week. Dr. Mueller having a week or two back re- quested that twelvo or fourteen of the camels in charge of the society should bo placed at the Bcrvice of the Ladies' Leichardt search party, the secretary was directed to communicate with Mr. Hugh Jamieson upon the subjects as the camels had been placed under offer to him. A reply from Mr. Jamieson had been received, to tlie effect, that although ho was making arrangements to purchase tho camels for the purpose of uti lihing them as carriers, he would not for a moment wish to stand in the way of such a public undertaking as the search for Leichardt, and would, therefore, of course, withdraw his claim. This being the case, the council de- cided to recommend that fourteen of these animals should bo entrusted to Dr. Mueller, on behalf of the Bearch party. An influential public meeting was held at Scott's Hotel yesterday, to consider the de- sirability of obtaining better communication with Sale and the GippB Land gold-fields. It was decided to appoint a committee to wait on the Government and endeavour to obtain a daily mail and an extension of the telegraph to Sale to Donnelly's Creek, Crooked Uiver, and Stringer's Creek. The Sale line, it was stated, had turned out to be one of the most remuneJative in the colony. At a meeting of tho Victoria Deep-sea Fishery Company, held at the Freemasons' Hotel, Swauston-street, on Tuesday, the depu- tation appointed to wait on the bon. the Commissioner of Customs on the 21th ult. brought up their reportof the interview. After the passing of various resolutions, it was de- termined that a further meeting Bhould be called for Monday next, of which due notice will be given. During the meeting, it trans- pired that the subscription to the scheme bad already amounted to some £300. Among the passengers who have arrived by the ship Florence Nightingale are thirty Italians, chiefly from the vineyards of Palermo. The usual monthly meeting of the Horti- cultural Society was held yesterday, at the Mechanics' Institute ; Dr. Mueller, vice-presi- dent, in the chair. Amongst the correspond- ence was a letter from the Messrs. Rivera, of England, intimating that a case of plants for the society had been shipped in the Surprise, which is now daily expected. It was decided in reference to the last exhibition, that the amount of prizes be fixed at 2s. 6d. each part ; that special prizes be awarded in the form of first-class certificates, except in the case of Messrs. Lecroisette and Bates, for crystallized fruits, whose exhibit was considered worthy of a more special mark of approval, and to whom was awarded a silver medal ; and that at the next meeting of the committee the advisability of holding the exhibition for two days in succession should be considered. A sub committee was appointed, consisting of Messrs. Clarson, Hammond, T. C. Cole, Purchae, Sangster, and Toon, to bring up a , report as to the best plan for erecting a per- manent building in the Botanical Gardens. Amongst the exhibits laid upon the table were some fine onions, measuring seventeen inches in circumference, sent by Mr. Stutt, grown at Indented Heads. Mr. Whatmough exhibited a late seedling peach, which was pronounced a valuable addition to the late varieties. Mr. J. C. Cole also exhibited two varieties of apples;- " Cornish gilliflower" and " Cole's ever-bearing." Dr. Mueller took samples of the whole exhibited, for the purpose of modelling and forwarding the same to the Dublin Exhibition. Messrs. Hamel and Ferguson have sent us two numbers of the Australian Sketch- Book, representing a native sepulchre and a bush funeral, printed in colours. The entries for the Amateur Athletic Sports will be received this evening (Thursday), at the Port Phillip Club Hotel, between the hours of seven and nine. A copy [oi Clarke's Commentary on the Bible, in six volumes, handsomely bound, was pre- sented to the Eev. A. Rigg, on the 4th inst., on tho occasion of his removal from the Brighton to the Williamstown circuit. The execution of John Stacey, for the murder of a child named Daniel Macdonnell, at Emerald-hill, on the 28th of February, took place at the gaol yesterday morning, in presence of a small number of spectators. Since the last execution a new "drop" has been constructed at the gaol, and the general arrangements materially altered. On a level with the gallery, in front of the middle tier of cells, a small platform, part of which is composed of a trap- door, has been erected, stretching across from the gallery on one side of one of the corridors to that on the other side. Above this platform a beam has been fixed, reaching from wall to wall, and to this the rope is suspended. The prisoners under sentence of death will be placed in the cells on a level with and immediately contiguous to this platform; the long distance which the convict had formerly to be conducted and the ascent of a ladder being by these arrange- ments avoided. The Rev. D. Lordon, by whom the convict Stacey has been constantly attended, visited him at an early hour yes- terday morning; and at the time of the execution the Rev. Dr. Bleasdale read the prayers of the church (Roman Catholic) to which the prisoner belonged. Punctually at ten o'clock the sheriff, accompanied by the governor of the gaol, had the door of the cell opened, and the unhappy man was in- formed that the hour had arrived. He stepped outside the cell, preceded by an at- tendant with a crucifix, and accompanied by the clergyman. The pinioning was done on the gallery in front of the cell, the prisoner the while keeping his eyes fixed upon the emblem before him. Not more than two or three short steps were required to bring him upon the centre of the trap-door before men- tioned, and the prisoner stepped to the place indicated without any visible sign of trepida- tion. He was very pale, but had the expres- sion of steady resolve, and his nerves did not fail him in the least while the rope was being adjusted. The only words spoken by him were now and then the repetition, in a low- tone, of portions of the sentences recited by Dr. Bleasdale. The executioner, having com- pleted the adjustment of the noose, stepped back to a lever handle, and releasing the bolt, allowed the drop to fall. Death must have been instantaneous; no struggling took place, and one or two slight movements, which lasted for perhaps a minute and a-half after the drop, were evidently but the effects of a spasmodic action of the muscles after life had departed. Not more than about eighteen or twenty persons were present, of whom the greater number were officials. The prisoner stated at the trial that his true name was Michael Casey. He is entered in the gaol books as of thirty-one years of age, born at Bristol. He arrived in this colony in 1852, free, his calling that of a stoker. He made no dis- tinct confession of having committed the deed for which he was sentenced, unless he did so to the clergyman by whom he was attended. At the General Sessions yesterday, Tho- mas Vine, a gunner, in the Royal Artillery, was found guilty of firing at a gardener named Brown, with intent to do grievous bodily barm, at Toorak, on the 12th March last, but was strongly recommended to mercy by the jury on account of his previous good conduct. Ho was remanded for sentence unlil this morning. Several other prisoners were sentenced for offencos of which they had been convicted, and amongst them John Holman received two sentences each of three years' hard labour on the roads for committing assaults upon young children. The cases which had not been disposed of when the Court rose were ordered to stand over until the next Criminal Sessions, and this morning the appeals will bo proceeded with. The body of a man, which appeared to have been ten or twelve dayB in the water, was found in the river yesterday morning, near Dight's mills, and was removed to a publichouse in Hoddle-Btreet, for purposes of inquest. Deceased is described as aged fifty years, five feet six inches in height, with sandy hair and whiskers. Ho wore light tweed trousers, black cloth vest, and white calico shirt. The man who was found dead and floating in the Tiver at Richmond on Tuesday has been identified as a young man named Dan can M'Dotigall, who was reported to the police on Saturday as missing from his home in Lennox-street, Richmond. Deceased was aged twenty-five years, and was last seen at his home oh Thursday last. He was in his UBual heolth that day, but appealed in low spirits. It was statod by his brother that deceased was rather odd in his ways, but he had never threatened to commit suicido, and his friends had no reason to apprehend that he would do so. Nothing was thought of his absence at firs!, but, as nothing could bo loomed of him the next doy, his friends became alarmed. On Saturday, his brother gave information of the absence of deceased at the Detective-office. On Tuesday the body was found by a man named Fre- derick Buiton, floating in the river, and was taken down to Richmond punt, where it was taken possession of by the police. On post- mortem examination Dr. Graham found tho tody much decomposed. There were two wounds in the neck of deceased, one of them being of about three inches in length. They wore both superficial, only extending through the skin and integu- ments. The brain of deceased was quito soft. The skull was of a peculiar for- mation. There wero several large pro- minences behind, which must have pressed on the cerebellum. The cause of death the doctor found to be asphyxia, from drowning. The wounds in the neck were evidently caused by some sharp instrument. They were in such a position that they could havo been inflicted by deceased himself. He be- lieved that this was tho case, and from the evidence and post-mortem examination he was of opinion that deceased wos of unsound mind. Tho verdict wos, " That deceased was found drowned, with two slight self-inflicted wounds in the neck," A man named Michael Lacy reported to the police last evening, at half-past seven o'clock, that he had been assaulted a few minutes before by three men, in a passage turning from Bourke-street, near the Post-office, and robbed of a silver watch and gold chain and a silver card-case. Soon after four o'clock yesterday, a young girl, under ten years of age, named Alexan- drina Macdonald, daughter of a road con- tractor now engaged on a contract in Gipps Land, was run over in Napier-street, Fitzroy, by a baker'6 cart, which was being driven at a moderate pace. The girl was going home from school, and, in running acroBS the road, stumbled and fell before the cart, the wheel of which passed over her head, seriously frac- turing her skull. The poor little 6ufferer was conveyed to the hospital, where, at a lots hour last night, serious fears were entertained as to her recovery. An association has been formed in Gipps Land, ond monoy subscribed, for tbo clear- ance of the bar of the River La Trobe. ThiB will be a very useful work. The last escort from the upper diggings to Sale brought down 2,080o;-. of gold. Of this quantity, Donelly's Creek contributed S70oz,, and Stringer's Creek furnished the re- mainder. These figures speak well for the Gipps Land gold-fields. A very numerously attended meeting was held al Jamieson on the 29th ult, to take into consideration the Ministerial propo- sition as regards the tariff. The mayor, Mr. B. Rappiport, occupied the chair. He pro- fessed himself to be a thorough free-trader, and spoke strongly against the new tariff, which,. \o said, would destroy the prestige of the colony, and damage its commercial interests. Mr. Webb proposed the following resolu- tion :-" That this meeting is of opinion that the alteration of the tariff proposed by the Government must seriously injure trade, in- crease the cOBt of living and the burden of taxation, and ba very prejudicial to the hast interests of thecommuuity, and that this meet- ing therefore hopes that the Upper House will not be intimidated by the acts of tbo Ministry, but will assert ita clear responsibility of reject- ing the measure." He remarked that tho new tariff was nothing more nor leBS than a proposition to place money in the pockets of some of those composing the present Ministry -men who were not certain of retaining their seats from week to week, and who were willing to follow the old adago of " making hay while the sun shines." Mr. R. H. Bake seconded the motion, and, as a miner, thoroughly condemned the tariff. An amend- ment was proposed, but negatived, and the original motion, ond various other resolu- tions, were cordially adopted. It came out in evidence in the County Court at Geelong, on Tuesday, that a duck shooter, using a punt-gun, on Lako Conne- warre, can earn £10 a week on an average duiing the shooting season. The destruction of game, to givo returns such as this, must be immense. At Footscray Court of Petty Sessions, before Mr. Call, the borough council summoned a number of ratepayers for rates, A letter was banded up, stating that the defendants' soil citor, Mr. Gell, could notattond, and asking for a postponement; which was granted, on the payment of 10s. Cd. costs in each case. Mr C. J. Harrison's application for a licence to the Ship Inn was granted, after the usual forms had been complied with. At the Williamstown Police Court yester- day, two lads, named William Redding and Joseph Mouldß, were brought before Mr. Call, and fined 53. each, for discharging firearms along the Sandridge beach. Yesterday, at Richmond Police Court, Michael Higgins, who had been remanded from a former day for committing an aggra- vated assault on William Anderson, by frac- turing his skull with a tumbler, was brought up and discharged, the prosecutor declining to press the matter further. Several small debt cases were also dealt with. A licence was refused to Joseph Murray, for a house boasting the singularly inappropriate desig- nation of " The Happy nomo," the sergeant of police concluding a number of detailed objections to the licence being granted by (¡tuting that not one of the rooms was in a fit state to be occupied by the public. The proceed ings ut Emerald-hill Police Court yesterday were comparatively unim- portant. George and Ellen Jackson, com- plained against by Bridget Dunning for using obsceno language, were fined 20s., and 2s. Gd. costs, or fourteen days' imprisonment ; and Julia Stone, charged with unlawfully assault- ing Bridget Provinzono, was fined fia., and 2s. Cd. costs. E. P. Mackenzie, sued by Thomas Noble for £8 11s. Od., for work and labour done, was ordered to pay the amount, together with 12s. Od. costs ; and a second summons, taken out by plaintiff agaiust the same defendant, for illegal detention of pro- perty, was dismissed. Several trifling small debt cases were also adjudicated on. A deputation from the Kyneton committee formed for the relief of the sufferers by bush fires in that district will visit Melbourne to- day, to canvass for subscriptions. A meeting to further free-trado principles is to bo held in Kyneton on Friday evening. It is expected that Mr. J. D. Wood and Mr. E. Langton will speak. A branch of the Melbourne League will probably be formed. We havo been shown an excellent map of tho mining district of Taradole, which has just been published. It is very clearly printed. It is now stated that the blood-stained clothes lately found near Daylesford were not discovered in a water-hole, but rolled up under a log. Tho evidence, it is added, does not trace them to the possession of the man who is in custody for the murder of Mrs. Graham. If this is the case, the evidence ogainBt the pri- soner would appear to bo very small. A subscription is being raised in the Ovens district for Mr. G. V. Smith, one of its repre- sentatives in the Legislative Assembly, whoso exertions to promote the interests of Bsech w ortb, Chiltern, and other localities in the wide-spread district embraced in the limits of the Ovens electoral division, seem to have given much satisfaction to his constituents. The Castlemaine Daily News says:-"A pair of conaries, apparentlj' as happy as in their own native clime, have taken up their abode in a wattle bush on the road to Chinv man's Creek. In all probability, they hove escaped from some 'gilded captivity,' as they show comparatively little fear of man, and pay frequent visits to the garden of a house near by. The greatest risk they run is apparently from the magpies and hawks, the smaller birds being on amicable terms-even the quarrelsome little water wagtails being hail fellow well met with their diminutive visitors. Wo trust no cockney sportsman will destroy these pleasant little songsters, and that the cold weather will not harm them, as there seems ot present every probability of their acclimatising thomsolves. Wo have re- frained from intimating the locality more exactly for fear they should be disturbed by visitors." From Hobart Town we have files to the 3rd inst. The papers contain no later in- formation with reference to tho young salmon and trout. The Mercury concludes an article condemnatory of the proposed now tariff, in this colony with the following remarks : " If the new tariff should ba adopted, we shall, so long as New South Wales abides by its present policy, transfer the chief of our intercolonial trade from Melbourne to Sydney. That may not be thought much. But such as it ip, it is too much for any country to think of wantonly losing. Our exports to Vic- toria in 1803 amounted to £ 101,370, and our importB thence to £240,110, and tbero is every reason for supposing that they were more last year, owing to the state of the breadstuffs markets. That is something, and it would, under proper management, go on yearly in- creasing. Such at all events is the general belief, and it is much to be regretted that this state of things should bo disturbed in any way. But there can be no help for it, if the new Victorian tariff be finally adopted. It must lead to our trade with Melbourne boing cut off." From the Launceston papers we learn that a company is about to be formed, with a considerable capital, locally sub- scribed, to test the Fingal gold-field thoroughly. Mr. Hargreaves is at Circular Headf ________ 