EOUAU ( j K N R J I A i., I N T K I , I i I ( J K N C E AlARENGO. FROM .-OUR OOllttk.SI'ONDENT.l June 12.— I anil others were much amused in reading thoaccount of Mr. Cowper's speech in the Assembly Inst Wednesday upon the extra taxation he suggests. He is reported to have said that he himself did not see any great objection to duties on tea. sugar, nnd flour. Nobody doubts your sin cerity, Mr. 0. You. with your "pleasant little screw" of 40/. a weolc. of course can see nnd feel no objection to extra duties upon our necessaries of'iifo ; but just chnngo places with ii. few I could name, men who have to support a wife' and family, and present a respectable appearance upon the twentieth' part of your income, vinced that you would have a very great objection. How easy it is for those men " to jest at scars who nevbr felt "a wound Junk 13.— A friend just arrived from Cowra informs me, that the principal topic discussed in that town last week was the re- nppenranco of Mr. ' Bushranger Dunn, with a mate, in that neighbour hood. It. appears that last Thursday Dunn and nnother rode hastily up to a settler's house between Cowra and Onnowindrn. nnd demanded a few articles thnt wore left there sdmo time previous by himself, Gilbert, and Hall. Upon receiving tho same he and his mate immediately galloped olf towards the river. People aro beginning to won der if this yo'Urig ruffian will bo permitted to or ganise another gang of highwaymen ero he is slict down. Beautiful weather for flic time of year— quite mild. Under its genial influence the sufferers from catarrh, sore throat, &c.;, caused by last week's nipping winds, are rapidly becoming convalescent. .Junk 10.— In reading your yesterday's issue I see that an error has crept into my notice respectin"" th e Rev. IV. II. Pownall's future weekly services here viz., that the word second ought to have been written first, thereby causing tho clause of the sentence to rend thus—" To hold services, also on tho Fridays before the first nnd third Sundays in every month." _®y the by it is decided that our church shall be built of stone, and not wood as at first suggested. It will cost about -150/. I cannot say whether a 'small community liko burs will bo able to raise such a .sum. However, the first tea-meeting in aid of the building fund will come off in Mr.Wost's largo room on Friday. July 7th, whon, after tho feast, the matter will be fully discussed. I may hero state that Messrs. Pring and Kelly have headed tho list with 50/. and 20/. respectively, also the b'shop has promised Us 50/.— but further par ticulars anon. Junk 10. Iho other day a child, belonging to a married couple named Dortney, in the employ of \- — Oronker, Esq., Bland, was ae'cidently burnt to death. I nm very much afraid, from rumows constantly current, that the present lull in hushranging is but temporary. It is a thousand pities that tho mur derer lJunn was not shot along with Gilbert. I could fill half a column with " rumours," but ro- frain. considering none of tbom sufficiently au thentic for your journal. Junk 17. As an illustration of the pecuniary "fix" of our nerveless Government (Robertson excepted), they have not yet supplio'd the Board of Education with the usual monthly quota of the voto for national school purposes, consequently all the inspectors, and about thrcehundred teachers, many of- thorn -men with largo families, have not been paid their last month's salary —disgraceful ! We are now enjoying lovely weather. With the exception of a few small patches of oats, all the grain sowing around i)ere ;s concluded. A little rain vrould bo very acceptable. ..Painful Cask. — A enso of heartless desertion of a family by its natural guardian has been men tioned to us as having occurred not a hundred mile's from town, within the last few days. A person who endeavoured to assume the position of a gentleman, but who was bettor known as a loafer about bars pf public-houses and tho intorior of billiard-rooms, after expending all, his brass and effrontery and exhausting the charity of the nob bier-givers, has made tracks, leaving a .wife and helpless family to shift for themselves. It is only -from delicacy to tho injured that we withhold the name of this unmanly scamp, who has so remorse lessly abandoned all that should bo dear to him to tlio i cha'rity of strangers ; but we earnestly hope that some means will be adopted for punishing this, despicable thing. Violent Assault,— Between pight and nine o'clock on Saturday evening, as Sir. Plunkett, re cently wardsman of the hospital, wiis returning home from North Yass, and when opposite tho late Mr.' Godfrey's residence, lie hoard two persons approach him from behind. One of them suddenly 'came up. arid saying "You , you shall not live to enjoy it," struck him a violent blow on the back of the head with sonic blunt implement, in flicting, a wound of considerable length, and from which .blood copiously flowed. Mr. Plunkett fell to" the ground, wlioro he lay for some, miuutcs in sensible. His moanings brought to his assistance . Mr.' Bucklo, who resides in the premises spoken of. The injury would no doubt have been far more gevcro had it not been that Air. Plunkett was in tho act of turning round his head when he hoard tho approach of 'footsteps, and thus prevented the full force of the blow on his skull. On Monday morn ing a summons was issued for tlio appearance of Patrick O'Donnell this day, to answer a charge preferred against him for this assault. Sale of Cattle to-day. — Particular attention is called "to the sale of cattle this day, at Mr. T. Coil's yards, tho whole of the cows being broke in to bail.— AOV; Health of the District.—' We are told that considerable sickness is prevalent amongst - tho Children in litis district. Several cases of scarlatina, and some few we believe of scarlet fever, have oc- curo'd during the month. Consequently the medical then have had their hands pretty full. ,> - Tub Enolisii Mail, n(ow eleven days due. had not been signalled at Adelnide when the telegraph offico closed yesterday evening. The Good_ Hope Coffer AIine. — Oapt. McOal- lutn has disposed of his interest in this mine to the Scottish and Australian Copper Alining Com pany, for about 1200/. It is expected that the works will bo resumed immediately. The Hospital Management.— At a committee meeting held the other day. Mr. Allman, who has for so many years most creditably filled the office of president, and upon whose" recent re-election it was distinctly understood chat the acceptance oft the honobr by him was Cohditional oh a constant! attendance at committee meetings not being re quired. announced that he proposed sending in his resignation, nnd that probnbiy both his and tho wardsman's would be re'ceivcd'by the secretary at the one time. We liavo since heard thnt Air. Stiles, tho treasurer, nnd his son, Mr. II. T. Stiles, the secretary, intend adopting the 'same courso as that, taken by Air. Allintm, and purpose to give up offi cial lifo in connection with the institution. We aro sure -that these resignations will bo heard of with regret, more especially as tlio working com mittee will thus be reduced below eligible propor tions nnd quality. But there are occasions when the post of honour is tho private station. The Weather. — During tlio last few mornings heavy fogs have settled over tlio town for some hours, and from their damp nature, coupled with tho warmth 'Uf the sun at mid-dnv, wo may expect rain, shortly to fall. It will bo welcomed 'wherever .it arrives, ns thero aro still some farmers who havo been unable to got in their entire sowing. Tiie Enquiry into Sub-inspector O'Neill's Conduct.— We mentioned in our lust.issue that it was rumoured that . a further investigation was about to take place into the conduct of. Mr. sub-in spector O'Neill at the time of the encounter with the police when scrgcnnt Parry was shot. It may now be stated that the rumour is perfectly correct, hut as yet noithor the place nor time for holding this further enquiry nor the names of tlie person or persons bcfoVe whom it is to be held lias transpired. All we can state about the affair witli any degree of positiveness is that Daley, a carrier who was Rtuck up by Hall's party shortly before tlio en counter between the bushrangers and tlio polico, and Air. Dee, an ex-sergeant of police, who was at tiro Jugiong station thosamc day, will be examined. Whatever may bo the decision at which tli'e Go vernment may arrivo, it is very unlikely to satisfy tlio public. Already we hear complaints that the evidenco taken the other day was not the whole truth, and the manner in which at least one of the witnesses was examined, was pot calculated to elicit the entire facts. It would havo been much more judicious, and at tho same timo morn equitable to the parlies concerned had at least tlio reporters to the press been admitted during the investigation, for no matter howTairly the examination lriighthave been conducted, an accusation of favouritism will rest somewhere when the decision of the Govern ment is made knoWrr. Fiat Justitia, h'c. We know no good roason why publicity' should bo so much shunhed, when it is most calculated to saddle the blame, if there be any blame, on the right party, arid relieve the innocent from the aspersions cast upon their conduct. Lands OffkJb Correspondence.— Wo have been requested to state that letters from the Surveyor- Goirerul'3 Office addressed tO'tho following persons aro lying at tho Crown Lands Office, Yass:— Wil liam Gannon, Alexander AIcGillivrny, T. Ahirtin, John Reid, Joseph Sully, Patrick Sullivan, Alichael Galvin, and Georgo .Smith. New Journal. — The district of Forbes is again represented by a local press. A new weekly paper lias been started there under tiio title of the Lach- lan Reporter, nnd judging from the first number it is likely to prove a very respectable addition to tire ranks of the fourth estate. The late Libel Case at Albury.— Tho Wagga Wagga Express says it hears that Air. W. M. Aliller, the attorney, is about to prosecute Captain Brown- rigg, for a malicious persecution. New Insolvents.— Edward Walters. ofLnmbing Flat, late of tho Lacblan. digger. Liabilities, 131/. Assets, 40/.jl4s. 9d. Mr. Humphrey, official assignee. Edward Petit Smith, of Wagga Wagga, auctioneer. Liabilities, 338/. 19s. 3d., of which 100/. 10s. 9d. is secured. Assets, 85/. lis. 3d. Mr. Humpliery, official assignee. Mrs. Oallagiian. — Air. Fnucott, as chairman of tho select committee of tho Legislative Assembly, appointed on tlio 1 0th May last, to consider and report upon the petition of Airs. E. M. Callaglian, yesterday brought up a report. This document sets forth the duties performed by the late Air. Callaglian. It states that ,on the 28th November, 1803\. Mr. Callaglian, while on circuit at Braid- wood, as District Court Judge, met witli an acci dent which resulted in his death, in the forty-ninth year of his ago ; and that tho deceased gentleman had been in the public service of the colony, with out intermission, for a period of more than twenty- two years. The report concludes thus : — Your committco also find that, by the 1 9th section of tho Superannuation Act, 27 Vict., No. II, upon the death of any officer while in tho sorvioe of the Go vernment, his widow shall be entitled to receive a gratuity of ono month's salary for each year of servioo. If this act had been in force at the timo of the denth of the late Judge Callaglian, the peti tioner would have been entitled to tlio benefit of this provision. Such a gratuity, if calculated at tlio rate of salary which the late Judge Oallagiian bad been receiving for the last five years before bis death, would amount to the sum of 1833/. Gs. 8d. Considering, then, tho long services of the late Judge Callaghau, and tho circumstances in which, in consequence of his untimely and unex pected death, the petitioner has been left, your committee beg earnestly to recommend tho peti tioner's caso to the favourable consideration of tho Government.— S. M. Herald. J. he tiEAitcn for LiEloiniARDT. — The Brisbane Guardian says : — Tho following hns boen handed to lis for publication : — "Lady Bowen invites the ladies of Queensland to attend a meeting, to be held on Alonday next, the 19th instant, at four p.m., at tho Armoury, for the purpose of forming a com mittee of Indies to co-operate with the committee of the ladies of Victoria already formed in Mel bourne. to aid in instituting and organising an expeditionary party to search for traces of the lamented Dr. Lciclihnrdt. Gentlemen who feel an interest in tho object sought to be attained are likewise requested to give their attendance. The honourable Colonel O'Connell has kindly consented to preside.'1 Wo hope that thero will be a largo attendance, not of ladies only, but of gentlemen who have, in many respects, reaped considerable benefits from the energies, tho porscvcranco; and the indomitable eouragb of the pioneers of this vast continent. The cause has boen nobly taken up and supported in other colonies ; we trust Queensland will not bo backward in evincing her sympathy in it.'' TnE CuRitowANQ Copper AIine near Goul burn.- -Air. Alanton and Air. J. do V. Lamb, two of the proprietors of tho Currowang copper mine, arrived in Goulburn on Friday and intend visiting the mine to-day (Saturday). Air. Manton informs us that at a depth of forty-five feet the miners have come upon gossen which 1ms been analysed by Air. Farmer witli Wheeler's patent machine and found to yield J oz. of gold and G ozs. of silver to the ton. He reports the prospects of the mino to have been spoken of very highly after examination liy prac tical men. and adds that several very high, "offers for shares in tlio mine have been made. An addi tion to the number of miners is daily cxneCted. — Goulburn Herald. A Victorian GnoST. — A ghost story, from the Mount Alexander Mail: — ' If a large numbor of porsons aro to bo believed, there is a noted ' bleak' liouso, situate not a hundred miles from the junc tion of the Campbell's Creek and Tarrcrigowcr roads, which for some months, past has been the scene of nightly, visitations of restless souls' who have recrosseil the Styx. The tenant of tlio hotise is a brawny blacksmith, not likely to bo easily scared, Jjut both he and his family maintain that, in a certain room of the house, there aro nightly such strange goings-on, such unearthly noises, such jumping about of chairs and tiiblcs, accompanied by strange moons and groans, that it is impossible for jmy of them to slecp..yet on entering tho room all Is as quiet and still as tlio air whon tho winds nre hushed. No sooner, however, is the door of tho apartment closed, than tho pranks and frolics are resumed with redoubled vigour, nor censo till daylight does appear. It is currently reported that iricreduloas neighbours have passed poriio'ris of tho night in the house, and that tlio ekperierico of all verifies tiie statement of, the blacksmith. Among the number of persons alluded, to is an energetic member of the Borough Council, and a well-known Boniface, born of no pale-faced fear. 1c is further stated that an appeal has been made to a celebrated nautical captain of tiie district, whoso long ac quaintance witli Father Neptune, it is supposed, may have made hiin sufficiently knowing ns to enable him to exorcise these airy visitants from the abode of their present midnight 'revelries. In the inenntimo, it is a fact that the blaeksrfiith is' about to seek other quarters, where it is to bo hoped bis slumbers may bo as enlin as nn' infant's upon its mother's breast.'' Chinese Treatment of Opium Poisoning. — A day ur.two.qgo, -says the M. A. Mail, a Chinaman was found lying buiiind tlio Woslc'yan Chapel at Vftuglinri, and apparently in n dying condition. Dr. Malcolm was sent for to attend him. hut ho being from homo, a Chinese disciple of Eseulapius was then called to render assistance. On seem" his Mongolian brother the doctor proceeded to turn him about- arid smell him, after which lie said, " Me savee, him eat em too riiuchy opium." He then ran away and obtained a duck, from which, on returning, bo cut oft' the head, and placed tho neck in the op:uin-eater's mouth, which became full of warm blood. This being accomplished, the duck's head was removed. andCtho doctor then proceeded to stir the blood in the month with one of the bird's feathers. In a short time tho patient began to vomit, nnd, judging from appearaliee. about 'Is. worth of opium was ejected. Being in a weak nnd ''exhausted state, lie was taken euro of by the police, and afterwards brought before Mr. Heron, P.M., at tlio Fryorstoivn Police Court, and remanded to Oastleimiino gaol for medical treat ment. Tun Pipe Fish. — A very curious fish, popularly known us tho great pipe fish, was taken by some fishermen on Sunday, and is now in the possession 'of Air. Rodgers, tho fruiterer, of Watt-street, who intends to exhibit it for the gratification of tlio curious. I he pipe fish is of tho same natural order ns tlio hippocampus, or soil liorse as it is commonly called, but is much more rarely taken. Its appearance and habits are thus accurately do- scribed in Cassell's Popular Natural History, pp. 146-117 The gills present tlio appearance of little rounded tufts, disposed in pairs along the bronchial arches. They are covered by a large gill-ilap attached all round, leaving only a small portion for tho passage of tho water. These fishes besides have the whole body invested in a sort .of cuirass or tesselated armour, producing ridges and angularities. Tho males of, some of tlio species have an elongated pouch under tho tail, closed by two folding membranes, and in which the eggs do- posited by tlio female are hatched, although the tiirio and mode in which they are transferred to the receptacle aro unknown. Unlike most fish, the pipe fish aro strongly attached to their young, and when danger threatens tho pouch serves them as a place of retreat. The groat pipe fish is often kept by fishermen in a dried state to sell as a curiosity. Its size is from ono to two feet long." " This spocies," says Air. Couch, " may be seen slowly moving about in a singular manner, horizontally or perpendicularly, with the head downwards or upwards, and in every attitude of contortion, in search of food, which seems chiefly to ho water insects."' — Newcastle Chronicle. Female AIedical Practitioners. — Writing in reference to the application of Airs. Ferguson, a legally qualified practitioner, for admission to prac tice in Victoria, tho Adelaide Telegraph says : — "The question of recognising female medicalprac- titioners can, however, he considered almost apart from tho genoral ' women's rights ' question, Wo men in tlio middle ages, if history is to bo be lieved (though now it seems generally that it isn't), wero amongst the most skilled physician's of tho time. Evon if \\\ o adhere to the old- fashioned ad miration for " distinctive womanhood,'' wo need not ' wish to put down female doctors ; for it seems to have-been recognised at a period when geniiino modesty was particularly prized, and when prinoline and women's rights conventions were alike 'Un dreamt of, that the office oi healing caine peculiarly within the class of occupations that women coiil'd follow without prejudice to distinctive womanhood. Every mother must he to some small extent a doctor. The better oducated nurses are, ttio better nurses they are apt to he : and wo sco.no reason whatever for preventing women from acquiring what mcdi- cal knowledge they can— having it duly accredited —and using it professionally. What difficulty there is lies in the educational part of tho business. The dissecting-room and hospital ward are awkward places lor medical studonts of opposito sokes to study in together, and we do not say that it would lead to a halanco of advantages if the doors of hospitals were generally opened to female students. But whore the preliminary diffi'oulty lias been got rid of somehow — and where a woman can show that she lias gone through the needful courso of study and has obtnincd the needful knowledge, wo cannot conceivo any valid ground for forbidding her to fnakc use of it, or declining officially to re cognise it ; and we have little doubt that Mrs. Fer guson ought to bo. and will be, adriiitted to prac tise i.n Alcihourne.1' OiiVld AIuudeu at Fort Bourke. — Alfred Nieholl.s and Mary Ann Murray, a man and woman lately residing on the -Began River, passed through the town on Wednesday last under escort, for Ba- thurst gaol, whither they have been committed", to stand their trial at the ensuing assizes for child murder. For some timo they have been carrying on a sly-grog shanty in the above locality, nr.d have bdrne a no'tnr.ioUs character. Tho child, the fruit's of an illicit intercourse, was killed by one ot other of them. According to the woman's state ment, the male prisoner came home intoxicated, and finding that the house had been robbed, ho in a fit of passion wreaked his vengoanco on the un happy child. Tho pair have been committed, with out any police court proceedings. — Western Exam iner. Capture. — A man nnmcd diaries Sims was, on Thdrsdny last, arrested by detectives Campin anil Broomfield, on a charge of highway robbery and attempt to murder. It appeared that Sims, who was travelling in eompiiny with Riggings, on tho 0th instant, robbed him of till the money ho had — about 12/. —and fired at him, inflicting a very dangerous wound. Sitns has also been identified ns a deserter from H. M. S. Salamander.— S. M. Herald. Imprisonment for Dbbt.— A hill to abolish im prisonment for debt, except in cases of fraud, has paSsed its third roading in the Victorian Council." .Derivation of tiiii Word Kerosene.— Wo (S, M. Herald ) havo received a numbor of letters in answer to Air. Rodd's inquiry as to tho derivation of the word kerosene. They aro unanimous as to the Greek word keros hoing tho origin. A corre spondent from Goulburn, signing himself " Obey Orkins,": however, goes more fully into the matter. He says — Kerosene is a Greek word, and in miner alogy signifies 'horny,' 'corneous.' It is generully wrongly'spelt, as kerosene is proper — not kerosene, Petroleum is also a Greek word, and signifies a stone and oil. Tho two aro so nearly alike that they may be considered the same thing, kerosene being ono of tlie compounds from which nature 1ms distilled tlio petroleum oil, which chiefly flows from hods associated with coal strata. It would seem that petroleum might bo more properly termed kerate, that being tlio name of the third order of earthy and metalliferous minerals, .according to Mops. They resemble horn outwardly they aro not metallic, havo a white streak, and no distinct clonvnge. I would take tho liberty of mentioning hero that, althoiigh petroleum has only of late years become a greiit article of commerco (for various uses) by discoveries in America, it was known to tlie anuients for centuries back. Thero are powerful springs producing petroleum on the Irrawaddy, in tho Birraan empire ; and it has becu long known in Persia. At Rangoon pctrolino is ' distilled from petroleum, .which is analogous to. paruffine. It is gratifying to know 'that we are likely to find abundance of -matter from whioli petroleum may be distilled in tho colony, and no doubt in duo courso we shall find valuablo oil springs. I would veqturo an opinion that our unctuous fatty black soils have received their so- ponaccoiis properties from tlio evolvings of gas and smoke, produced by the burnings oT the shales, &c.;, beneath them or in their immediate lo'Cality, which wero charged witli tlio nil ; or may it not he that tlio earths themselves have been derived from tho decomposed liorriblendic rricks containing this valuable oleaginout matter. This theory, offered with some diffidence, I should liko the gentlemen now distilling rock. coal, and earth to think over. . Lost in the Bush. — A person liariiod Henry Tcrrold, claiming lo ho a brother of the late Douglas Jcrrolil, in travelling from Air. OO'onnnll's station, Dunindur, to Maryborough, missed tho track, and was lost among tlie mountains from the 28th April until tho 1 9th May. lie was during that period without food, blankets, or even riia'clics, und sub sisted merely upon grass, leaves, and water. Ho was found .by some, men employed upon Kilcoy station, and takon thero, and is now recovering strength, through the kindness and constant at tention of 'Captain and Airs. Talbot.— Queensland Times. Tub Late John Gilbert, tiie Bushranger's Father. — A letter signed AV. J. Gilbert, and dated Lauriston, 1 2th June. 18G5, purporting to liavo been written by tlie lather of the unhappy youth, Gilbert the bushranger, appears in the Kyne.ton Observer ( Victoria), in which a statement to tho effect that Gilbert had sent ii valuablo present of jewellery to his father, tlie booty of some robberies, and that it was handed o'vert'd tho polico magistrate at Kynoton, is denied. .The letter proceeds as. fol lows:— But whatever may be tlie nature and extent of his (John Gilbert's) lawless aggressions on society, he nhstained from the least solicitation of his parent to participate in his ill-acquired gains, the acceptance of which would have raado mo tho abettor of his crimes. I have the melancholy consolation of holding him guiltless of this atro city. I shall only ask your further indulgence for thu correction of an error in your ow.n very kind' remarks. I allude to the military character witli which you arc pleased to invest me. I should feel extremely proud could I lay claim to such distinc tion but I think I owe it to the good nature of my friends in recognition of tlio part I acted at tho outbreak of the rebellion in Canada, in 1837-33. At that tin\o I was engaged as a contractor on tho public works of the Upper Province, and though at considerable loss to myself, I entered as a volunteer in support of law, order, and British supremacy, and induced almost every man I had in my employment, as well as many others, to fol low my 'example. Tub Lath Horsewhippiso Case in Dunedin Theatre— Prolific in notions at law has been the forcible ejection from Dunedin theatre, and sub sequent hustling and horsewhipping of Alexander "George M'Cnmbe, accountant, who, as. the author of a shameful and libellous attack on tlie "charac ters of some ladies and gentlemen in Dunedin, published in a scurrilous print, since dead, made hirnaolf obnoxious 'to the public of the city, some of whom, took the strong arm of the law into their own hands, and showed their opinionof the writer by, turning him out of the theatre, after he was well hoOfed and hissed. APOomho has just ob tained a verdict in his favour in an action claim ing damages of 1000/. from Mr. Charles. D. Terche- maker,-who inflicted punishment on Al'Oombe, struck him on the head with the flap of a riding whip, and krlocked him down. 15/. was paid into court as b'oing full coriApensittion. Tho dcfenco was that plaintiff had insulted and libelled friends of the defendant; but tlie judge held that an as sault committed on a man's friend on a former qcc'usion did not warrant another assault, other wise there Would he no end to breaches of the peace and pers'onal violence. The remedy lay in the law, and riot in tlie hands of individuals. Tho jury found a verdict for tho plaintiff, damagos 235/.-, in addition to 'tlio 15/." paid into court. Thisdfcourse is besides costs, which will, no doubt, be at least 100/. more. — Nelson Colonist. Tiili Police ATagistkat'e at Forbes.— It will be remembered that, a few weeks since, a violent attack .was ma'd'e upon the police magistrate at Forbes by certain residents of that town. If we reinemhor aright, two of tho gentlemen who took ii prpiriinqnt part in this agitation were named Alorris and Gplding. These very energetic indi viduals have since contrived.to implicate themselves in a'cattlo duffing scrape, tin Saturday liiHt Morris was charged with stealing eight head of cattle, he- l.irtging to Air. Parks, of Mulguthorie, and Golding was charged with receiving thein. Tho case was postponed until Monday next, whon they will again appear heforo the Forbos bench. — 'Rurrangong Argus. They have since been committed for trial. J Government Enquiry at Gundaoai.— We havo been unable to ascertain tlio result of the enquiry which has been held at Gundagai into the conduct of Mr. sub- inspoctor O'Neill, at the time of theen- dounter between tlie pdlico nnd the bushrangers, neiir Jugiong, in November, 18G1. Tho Board, as is usual in these Government investigations, held its sittings with closed doors, the press was ex cluded, and tlie public wero kept in profound ig norance of tho naturo of the evidenco adduced. There appears to liavo been an attempt, on tho part of tho local press to fasten an undue share of blame, for tlio miscarringe of the polico at this un fortunate encounter upon " that contemptible speck of hdmanity— cowardly constable Roche." "While the hoard of enquiry was sitting, and in the ab sence at the evidence then produced, tho expression of such strong opinions upon tho conduct of any of the parties concerned was exceedingly ill-judged. Jt is not usual to comment upon any case during its hearing, and it would have been in much bettor taste if all remarks upon it had been deferred until it was over. This enquiry will create a great deal of ill-feeling, it can do no possible good, and at this distaneo of timo it ought never to have been undertaken. — Burangong Argus. The Late Mr. O. K. ' Murray. — Air. Charles Knight Alurrny, senior member of the Bar of New South- Wales, died on Wednesday evening, at his residerlce, Hunter's Hill. Ho had been for a long time ill, and was considerably advanced in years, so that his decease was less a . matter, of surpriso than regret. Air. Alurray was called to tho English Bar so far hack as 1825. He has been in this colony some ten or twelve years, during which time lie has earned for himself tho rospect.and esteem of all who knetfr hirti. The announcement of his death drew forth an expression of strong regret from the judges bfifore whom he lias-practiced, 'and the members of the Bar whose colloaguo he has been. Air. Alurray 'a practice was chiefly in Equity. Latterly, however, lie his practiced hut little, his time having been chiefly tnken up in attending to his duties as parlia mentary draftsman — a post which he has held for several years. During this period, nevertheless, ho has frequently presided as commissioner over inquiries as to tho mental condition ofpersonswho wero alleged to be lunatics. In fact, no inquiries on writs -de lunatico inquirendo have of late been entrusted to any other commissioner. — S. M. Herald. The raoenorse Fisherman. — Tho Melbourne Herald of the lGth has tho following: — Tho cele brated stud horso Fisherman, tho property of Air. Hurtle Fisher, which died on Wednesday, was bred by the lato Air. Fowler, of Erdington, in 1853, and was by Heron, out of Alainbraco, by Shoet Anchor. In 1855, Fisherman, then a two-year-old, made his first appearance on the turf, and ran second in a field of seven, at Newton. In 185G, Fisherman ran in thirty-four rnoes. In 1858, ho also fulfilled a very successful onreer, carrying off mnny valu able prizes. In all, Fisherman started tor 120 races, of which ho won -70, -ani.l..uettod the hand some sum in stakes alono of 11,602/. In tho winter of 1859-00, Fisherman was placed to the stud, and ho was afterwards purchased by Air. Hurtle Fisher for 3000/., aud brought to Adelaide in 1801, where he was employed. at the stud until 1803, when his ownor removed to Aleihourrie. Fisherman during his residence at Alaribyrnong, continued to be used for stud purposes, and.thero aro at present about CO valuable colts' now in the oolony owing to thoir paternal parentage to this celebrated horse. The loss which has boon sustained by Air. Fisher is a very serious one in a pecuniary point of view, hut it is hoped that some of tho young stock now owned by hiiri win turn out profitably. The post-mortem examination . on Fisherman was made yesterday morning at Maribyrnong, Saltwater River, by Mr. Howell, veterinary surgeon. It was shown that the liorse died of malignant sore throat, wiiich nearly npproanhes diphtheria in tho human species. Tho tup portion of the throat was in astnte of acute in flammation" and ulceration, so that the poor animal must havo suffered the greatest ngouy, as Air. Rowell states that for the last fourteen days the horse could not have swallowed an ounco of food as tiie windpipe was completely stopped up, so muoh so that if his head had been held in a certain posi tion in order to feed him ho would have be'ett at once suffocated. '" Tire N Angus" Steamboat. —This vessel, tlio property of Mr. Jenkins, wo havo been infoririod, will start from Nangus station, on Alonduy next, tlio 19th instant, on her maiden trip down stream to Hay, laden with' produce. We wish the Nangus bon voyage. — tfagga Wagga Express. Shocking AIurder near Warrnambool. — Ono of the most atrocious murders ever committed in this district, and equalling that of poor Constable OTJoylii, took place on Saturday evening last, at ! Russell's Creek. The unlortunate victim, James Sweeney, died at tho hospital yesterday morning ; and an inquest was held on his body at that in stitution. From the statement of the. principnl witness it appears that James Sweeney, his murderor, a man named Thomas Meynard or ' Yankee Torn,' John Haw, and John Wales wero all in the employ of Mr. John R. Evans, the con tractor, nnd slept in four soparato bunks in a house close to their employer's residence. Qn Saturday ovening Wales. Swecnoy, arid Haw, went to bed nbout tho usual_ timo, iind at that timo Aleynard was lying in his hunk undressed. Between eleven and twelve o'clock. Haw was awoke from his sleep by hearing two shots fired and .a scream, and on looking ai-unnd he saw Meynurd pointing a pistol nt him. Altynard told him (o be quiet, that ho (lid not want to hurt him, and then fired at poor Sweenoy, wliii was lying on his bed wounded, and who then evidently received the third shot. Haw and Sweeniy then went outsido after Meynard. but returned to dress themselves, arid' whilst doing so Aleynard seems to have returned, and fired a fourth siiot, but without effect, after which no further trace_ has been seen of him. Sweeney was then assisted to Air. Evans's residence, when Dr. Boyd was sont for at once, and also tho police. Dr. Boyd found Swcenoy suffering from three dis tinct wounds, from ono of which he extracted a conical bullet. Sweeney was as . speedily as pos sible conveyed to the hospital, whore ho was well attended to, but without avail, for the poor man died in great agony. The only cause assigned for tlio murder is that Sweeney and Aleynard had a quarrel whilst at work "on Saturday, when Aleynard took up a pick to strike the other, but was pre vented. It is supposed thilt Aleyhard then waited until Sweeney was asleep, when he deliberately shot him. The parties appear to have been perfectly sober, (hiring tho evening. The jury iound a verdict of wilful riiurder. — Examiner. Unlawful Using of Cattle.— A very largo number of persons in this district, and no doubtTn many others, appear to bo ignorant of the law touching the use of other people's cattle ; nnd wo not unfrequeiitly seo in th.e advertising columns of our own and contemporary journals notices to tlie effect that Air. So-nnd-so has picked up a stray horse, or working bullock, as tlie case may be, on or near his property, aud obligingly informs th>< owner that he can have the same by puying tho cost of the advertisement, .such notice usually finishing with the following agreeable pioco of in formation : " the animal wiU be gently worked ' " till claimed. There can be no doubt that -this is done with tho best of intentions, as tho animal is all the better for a little gentle exercise, which it would not get if sent to the pound. The very host " of intontions, however, are w.oofully misinterpreted at times. For the information of tho publio in general and that clnss in particular who havo a weakness for gentlo working,'1 wo reprint the Gth clause of the Cntt.e Stealing Prevention Act of 1853, which provides that:— " If uny person shall take, use, or in nny manner work any cattle the property of any other person without the consent of the owner or other person in jawful possession thereof ; such person so offending shall be guilty of a inisdemoaqolir, and on being convicted thereof by any two Justices of tho Peace in Petty Sessions assembled and in opon court, shall forfeit and pay for every head of cattle so used, any sum not ex ceeding twenty pounds together with . tho costs, to he assessed by such justices ; or, at tho, discretion of such justices, to be imprisoned in any gaol or liouso of correction, with or without hard labour, for any period not exceeding twelve months." — Wagga Wagga Express. "V iotori an Divorce Court.— It is notified in tho Government Gazette of Victoria, published on tho 13th instant, that " The Alarriiige and AlatrimoninI Causes Statute, 18G4," which. was resorvod.for iho signification of hor Majosty's pleasure, has received the royal assent. ... SUGAR GROWING ION QUEENSLAND.—A company is about to be formed at Maryhorough for the pur- pose of growing sugar. The capital is to be 10,000l, M. Thomy de Keating, who has been visiting this district, reports most favourably upon its adapt- ability for sugar cultivation, and has stated that it is his intention to settle here.—Maryborough paper. Credit Given. — We have a good deal of tho evils of tlio credit system in the Ovens district, b"t a rather new illustration wiis given by one of tho speakers at tho Independent tea meeting, at Beech- worth, on Tuesday evening. . The Rev. Mr. Stoker, of Ruthergien, made a pathetic complaint that ho was often now obliged to give peoplo orodit for their marri.nge fee, tind that lie had several bad debts in this way. Surely tho reverend gentleman could sue for work and litborir done, and in default of sufficient distress, attach the brido. — Ovens Con stitution. Sporting. — The Attorney-General has declined to file an indictment against Miss Dickson, who (with others) was a vyeejk. or two since committed to take her trial for stealing the racehorBes Kildaro and Zenobin. . Stock Reports.— Goulburn, June 16. — Alossrs. Finlny and Co. roport :— Fat stock ; We have dis posed of a small draft of medium cattle, on account of Mr. McLean, Taralga, at, first yard, Mr. Maguire, 4/. 7s. Gd. ; second yard, Mr. Eggo, 41. 7s. 6d. third yard, very plhiri, 21. ils. The de mand at present is little beyond the requirements of the trade. Prime from 41. 10s. to 51. 5b. The latter price is only obtainable for very superior cattle, weight and quality being primary objects. Fat sheep : Tho trade are open to purohase from three to four hundred prime wethers, quality up to 56 lbs. will command from 13s. to 14s. Store sheep: We have sold a small flook of wethers, at 8s. 2d. Alixed weaners are very saleable. Two or three thousand would meet with ready sale. Wo have placed 3000 ewes under offer, at 14s,, lis., and 9s., 8 tooth, and full mouth. Store oattle : Nothing offering. Mixed cattle are saleable. Horses. — Good colts and staunch draft stock are inquired for. Braidwood, June 10.- Mr. R. Oraig reports : — The butchers are now oleared out of fat cattle. Prime worth 5 /. to 51. 10s., to average 750 lbs. Cattle of that weight will realise 6/. to 6/. 10s. in a f6w weeks. Those who havo good oattlo had better hold on, as the prices must rise to 1/. per 100 lbs. Fat sheep : 1 have placed 600 undor offer, and another lot of 500 wethers. Store shoep : Demand increasing. I could dispose of 20,000 mixed. Horses : I sold Mr. RadclifPs horses, &c.;, &c.;, at high rates. Sydney, June 16. — Alessrs.' Pitt and Sullivan report : — We have few transac tions to report. Best bullocks are in demand, and would command from 41. 10s. to 51. each ; best cows, from 31. 16s. to 41. 10s. Our salos. have been' — 108, Whitford'-s", mixed, dt 4/. 4s. 6d.; i08," Henley's, .ditto, at 4i. 3s. 6d. ; IOG'.'Qorrick's, cows," at 31. 12s. 6d. Fat sheep : Alarket about thesanio as last week. . We have no sales to report. Wagga Wagga, June 16.— Messrs. F. A. Tompson and Go. report : The Btock market very aotive, and supply not by any means up to the demand, either for ' store or fat stock. Tho very cold weather we have "sustained latterly, following so closely on a long Eeriod of drought and scarcity of feed,, is telling eavily on cattle having any condition upon thorn, and totally precludes the possibility of medium stook laying on adipose. Wo must look for very high prices ruling in the batcher's market up to Novembor at any rate, and longer, should tho winter .be protracted and tho spring dry. We fear from Various appearances we aro on tho evo of nnother dry summor. The finest lot of fat cattlo which have changed hands in this neighbourhood during tho season, wero purchased by Mr. John Smith, jun on Wednesday. They wevo purchased of a Mr. Blurton, and aro for Melbourne. A high price was paid for the lot consisting of 405 head. A herd of stores consisting of 731, head purchased by Messrs. Lavonder and Wilkinson from Mr. Russell, crossed tho bridge on Monday for Victoria. A mob of storo cattle consisting of 3G0 head are now approaching from tho neighbourhood of Goulburn, and will.be here on Monday. They are under offer to Mr. ' Gyrus Smith of Urana. Messrs. Rand Brothers Rave delivered their fat stock, 150 head, to Rowan and Jones, who are now taking delivery of Mr, F. Jenkins's draft. Mr. Macltay of Wallenbeen has effected some good sales of wethers and ewesdnring tho weok. Wo have sold Messrs. Howell Brothers "herd of storo stock at a good prico to Messrs. Rowan and Jones, and 1300 wethers at 10s. to Messrs. Rasch and Coffin on approval. We are in treaty for tho salo of Jellingroo Station, tho pro perty of John Smith, Esq., of Kyumbii, and have no placed his "American Yard" Station under offer. We hnvo also partly sold tho entire blood horse " Young Magus." Wool, _ Tallow, and Hides-Markets.— The public sales ot wool wero held as usual on Thursday, and were well attended. In the absence, however, of 'arrivals from the north, -and the- continued wet weather (which has. for the time being, closed the washing establishments), there has been little wool in the market for sale, -The total quantity offered on Thursday did not exceed 113 bales; but for these there was active competition at tho prices lately ru iug. and 107 bales wero disposed of. Tho parcels offered were exclusively small and insigni ficant lots, not in any way calculated to affurd a test of tho markets, and we cannot quoto tho prices obtained as any indication of a change either for better or worse. Messrs. Mort and Go. catalogued 08 hales, arid sold 00. - Of these D, 8 bales fleece, realised 15Jd. ; JO, 7 hales ditto, lSd. ; JA, 0 hales ditto, 15d. ; and TH over Namoi, 12 bales ditto, 12jd. porlh. About 2500 sheepskins wore disposed of at 5d.'to 7Jd. per lb. Messrs. Irwin and lufner offered 41 bales -of wool, and sold 37. The only lot worth mention was A &S;, 10 bales of country scoured, which realised 17d. per lb. Tho other lots wore almost exclusively odd bales, and small lots of rol'uso wools. About 5000 sheepskins were offered, and sold at '5(1. to 7d per lb. Mr. James Graham sold 10 bales of wool, all small lots not worth notice ; and alsp several lots of sheep skins at 5 Id. to 7 id. per lb. Mr. O. B. Ebsworth sold 4 bales of refuso wools at Gjd. to 8i'd. per lb. nnd two parcels of sheepskins at 4d. and 7d. per ;ll. respectively. The usual public sales of tallow and hides were bejel on Friday. -Tho market for tallow exhibited considerable firmness, and tho «alea oflecied were at about last week's prices ; but .lndes wero very dull of sale, and the prices ob tained show a decline of fully Is. Gd. per hido on last week s current rates. This is mainly attribu- .tahlo to the absence of competition by the local trade. Messrs. Mort and Co. offered ,i(3 casks of tallow, nnd_ 12 1 hides. The tallow was all sold at prices ranging from 28/. 5s. to 31/. !5s. per ton ; and 353 hides at !)s. 3d. to I2.s. each. Mr. J Graham catalogued 19 casks of tallow, and sold ,30. o cusks only of Ncwington No. 1 beef were . ,lt.3'L "s-s 3 casks ditto mutton at 31/. 5s.; W in circle, 15 oasks of -beef at 30/. 17s. Cd.: and other qualities at 27/. 5s. to 2!)/. por ton. 176 £<ewington hides sold at 12s. Gd. to 13s.; and W in circle, 79 at 13s. each. Messrs. Irwin and Tur ner catalogued 92 casks of tallow, of which 50 passed tho hammer. Of these 1 5 casks of Oollin"- lv"od- realised 31/. 12s. Gd. ; 2 ditto mutton, 0d\: 0,her s'l'up'es. chiefly station tallow, sold lor 28/. 15s. to 29/. 15s; per ton. Tho same hrm also offored 597 hides, and sold 487 at prices ranging from 8s. 3d. to 12s. id. each. , Hoppoway's Pir.i.s. — Excellent Revivers. — The resources ot medicine and chemistry were Ion" and fruitlessly tried before they yielded a romedy which could overcome disorders of thp stomach and nerves,-, till Professor liolloway discovered his purifying und tonic pills. They are the safest and surest correctives i of indigestion, heartburn, flatu lency, torpidity, of tho- liver, twitcliings, nervous lancics, despondency, low spirits, and declin.in" strength. Ilolloway's pills supersede all erroneous actions in tho body; and so. strengthen and support the system, that disease departs,- and leaves tho patient-little, if at all, shaken. This is the grand nun and object of modical art— to regulate disor dered functions without damaging .the constitution by the remedy ; and admirably is this end attained by Holloway's'pills. 