A LADY ON THE PEAK OF TxNEaIwrx. "Yes," says Mr. Piazzi Smyth-he who has gone to photograph by the light of mag nesium wire the inner chambers of the great pyramid-" Yes, my wife and I, and the great telescope, the Pattinson equatorial, all lived upon the Peak, nearly 11,000 feet above the sea level, for over 20 days, not to speak of more than a month previously spent. by the same party, minus that particular telescope, on a sister peak at a smaller height of 000 feet. And my wife was under canvas too, with nothing but a wall of rough stones to keep tent and all from being carried down into the cloud- sea, that lay some 5000 feet below us." "She must have been a woman in a million," says Joblings. But thoen Joblings is an heretical old bachelor. Every one of us married men knows one wife at least who would have gone up with liher husband, if it was only to see that he didn't get into mischief; but not many, we fancy, would, like Mrs. Piazzi Smyth, have themselves proposed to take neither table nor chair, and endured to sit on boxes, and eat off packing-cases. ' Here are they, then, packing-cases and all, ten paces from the edge of a precipice of fifteen hundred feet, forming the inner wall of the great crater. After tea they sleep comfortably, and next day a breastworkof stones is raised round the tents, the lady's tent being of the. kind commended in Galton's Art of Travel, with canvas floor to keep out dust,. and hinder the wind from getting in underneath. Then begins the unpacking: barometers of all kinds; thermometers, wet and dry bulb; the smaller (or Sheepshanks) equatorial, four mules' loads in itself; photographic apparatus; magnetometors, &c.; all with framework lamentably shrunk and cracked, owing to the intense atmospheric dryness, which, acting just like its opposite, damp, (as heat acts like intense cold,) had entirely destroyed the adhesive power of the glue.' Thus, when Mr. Smyth carefully lifts a box by its two handles, he raises only its lid and slides; several glass vessels are imprisoned by the shrinking of their wooden cases, a few broken by the unwonted pressure; and so forth. When next we send an astronomer up to this height, we must, like careful tailors, allow for s~hrinkinr in the instru ments with which we furnish him. Of course the effects of such an atmosphere are far from pleasant-lips crack, hair frizzles, nails become brittle and split to the quick, faces turn scarlet; our astronomer preserves an ominous silence as to how Mrs. Smyth likes these phenomena. However, even this was not high enough to satisfy the demands of science. Though far above the clouds, which lay in a compact ocean about halfway down, broken (as we have said) by gaps over the several islands, and though a magnifying power of one hundred and fifty gives results never seen in this climate, still our observer is occasionally much troubled with dust haze, which visited them in great banks whenever there was any commotion in the air-currents below. Fancy what our air must be down here, when even at nine thousand feet the atmosphere gets full of finely-divided par ticles of solid matter. The haze never rises above ten thousand feet; so Mr. Smyth's mind is soon made up to observe what he can here; above all, to note the extraor dinary difference between the temperature in the sun and in the shade, and in the readings from the wet and dry bulb thermometers; and then to go up the real Peak above the line of haze. So down they all go, after ex periencing several instances of fine old Spanish hospitality from rich and poor; one Don brings them a sumptuous breakfast of partridges, and honey-cake, and cheese, and goat's milk; so much, indeed, of this rich, nourishing drink, that the two sailors make themselves quite ill, and then, in a penitent fit, vow they'll never touch the stuff again while they are on the island. ' Very hard it is to persuade their native friends, and above all the mule-drivers, that the huge Pattinson equatorial can ever be carried up the moun tain; it has to be taken to pieces, the con tents of its three clumsy cases being distri buted into thirteen; in this work a German watchmaker, Herr Kreitz-where is there not a German watchmaker ?-is of immense service. He can even lend a few screws for fastening the cases-nails there are plenty of, but good screws have scarcely got beyond the limits of Teutonic civilisation. At last, with no greater mishap than the roll over of two or three baggage-horses, the great telescope is got up to Alta Vista, and observations begin in good earnest and continue (only broken by a trip to the summit of the Peak) until the 19th of September. So hearty is the work, term days, i.e. days of incessant observation, being frequently kept on dates previously arranged (for the sake of com paring notes) with the captain of the yacht, that wo lose eight of Mrs. Smyth altogether, until recalled to the fact that there is a lady in the party by some such phrase as "my wife exclaimed, 'oil! there is smoke coming out of the ground;' " or reminded by the account of some savoury meal that the culinary department is well looked after. Mrs. Smyth is an excellent manager. Some of the goat's milk gets so shaken on a journey that it is pronounced undrinkable, sour and thick. She examines it before letting it be thrown away, and finds it churned into ex cellent butter, a thing scarcely ever seen in Teneriffo before; and which, by means of a lump of snow brought down for her by one of the native lads, she manages to keep sound and hard for along time. Wonderful. fellows these native lads; when Mr. Smytli is gathering specimens, he picks up one after another, obsidians, trachytes, &o.;, in lumps as big as a man's head. All of which the Canarian boy, already loaded with a box of chemnicals and a photographic tent, insists on carrying; whereupon Mr. Smyth is very angry with Humboldt for calling the native guides listless and disobliging. Pos sibly the difference may have been in the two employers, rather than in those who served them. Our author's book is abun dantly illustrated with photographs. We may be quite sure his wife cleaned the plates, and otherwise helped him in the more delicate manipulations. He tells us that she sketched a great deal; the colours of sky and rock he speaks of as something marvellous. Did she sing? Some have said the voice is thin and ghost-like at these elevations. Of course she would help in keeping his meteorological accounts. Finally, her presence aloft doubtless touched the chord of Spanish chivalry in the natives, and won for the party far more consideration than they would else have had. As to the more commonplace matter of buttons, the sailors would have kept all tolerably ship shape without her; but we can well fancy that when the party finally came down and marched into Orotova, they looked far less neglected and uncouth than they would have done had she not been with them. On the whole, Mr. Smyth's reminiscences seem to have been so pleasant that his example is likely to find imitators. His wife is the first lady who has ever lived over ten thousand feet above the sea- level. -It is not likely that many would do precisely what she did, for astronomical stations on Teneriffe are not things of every day; but we should not be surprised to see it become the correct thing for professora' wives to accompany their lords on distant and exciting expeditions. All wme would suggest is, that they should first pause and reflect, unless they are proof against sea-sickness. We trust that Mrs. Smyth is. The bare idea of a sea-sick lady, with the Titania rolling three hundred and tweinty degrees per minute, is something too terrible to contemplate.-All the Year Rlound. FoD.on- Potatoes, which are a dearer food than meat for the supply of flesh, are far cheaper as a source of heat to the body, so with this view we associate them in our meals. Cheese gives us cheap flesh but dear fuel, so we take it with bread, which sup plies the latter economically. Potatoes lay on flesh at an extravagant rate, so with potato soup we mix peas, which add to its nutritive value and to their economy. The making of palatable mixtures of various kinds of food forms the art of cookery. It is a maxim as old asHippocrates, that "what ever pleases the palate nourishes," and it is only when taste becomes depraved by indul gence that the pleasure of eating becomes contemptible. Many dishes of the cook are full of scientific significance. As an illustra tion; let us ask, why are small square pieces of bread, fried inlard, sent up with vegetable soup ? Because starch requires to be mixed with saliva before it is converted into sugar inthe act of digestion, and as the soup would pass to the stomach without mastica tion, fried or hard bread protected from the water by fat, so as to prevent its softehing, is taken along with the soup, and compels mIastication and a flow of saliva. But if cooks exhibit important scientific applica tions, they often ierr from ignorance of science. All the sapid or tasting ingredi ents of flesh reside in its juciss and not in the solid substance. If the flesh of a deer, at ox, a pig, a cat, or a foxbe well squeezed, so as to express their jucies, what remains has the same vapid taste for all of them. For this reason roast or stewed meat is generally better flavoum'ed than boiled, and the cook protects the juices by pouring melted fat over the joint during its roasting. In boiling meat for soup, cold water should be used at first, so as to extract as much of the nutritive juices as possible, and the heat be raised'gradually. But if the meat be wanted in a boiled state for itself, and not for its soup, then it should be plunged at once into boiling water, and kept boiling for a few minutes, so that all outer albumen may be coagulated, in order to imprison the sapid and nutritive juices; then cold water should be added till the temperature is re duced to 160 degrees, at which it should be kept till the cooking is completed, because that heat is necessary for the coagulation of the colouring matter of the blood. In all cases, no more heat than is sufficient should be employed in cooking. Thus, in making soup, all the fire in the world will not make the water hotter than its boiling tempera titre, at which point it can be retained by a very moderate expenditure of fuel. Violent ebullition, such as we cooks often practice, while it does no good, does much harm, not only by wasting coal, but also by carrying off in the steam much of the aromatic and volatile ingredients of the food.-Good Words. LATE DINNERS AND HIEARTY U1UPPERS. Eating heartily in an exhausted or in a greatly debilitated bodily condition, is dan gerous at any hour. M]any a man has fallen apoplectio at the close of a hearty dinner; but the danger is greatly increased by going to bed soon after---for the weight of the meat, a pound or two, rests steadily on the great veins of the body, arrests the flow of blood, as a continuous pressure of the foot on the hose-pipe will more or less stop the flow of water along it. This arrestment causes a damming up of the blood in the vessels of the brain, which at length cannot longer bear the distension, and bursts, caus ing effusion there, which is instant some times, and certain death always. There is scarcely a reader of middle age who has not more than once been nearer death than he imagined, from this very cause. A man feels in his sleep as if some terrible calamity was impending-some horrible beast is after him-or some fearful flood is about to over whelm him; but, in spite of every effort, he cannot remove himself fast enough; the enemy behind is increasing upon him; and at length, in agony of sweat, he is able, after a desperate effort, to set the streams of life in motion by uttering some sound, fearful to be heard, or only to save himself from falling into some fathomles's abyss by a convulsive and desperate effort. In cases where there is no power to cry out, or no effort can be made, the person is overtaken, or falls and dies! Eanting a hearty meal at the close of the day is like giving a labour ing man a full day's work to do just as night sets in, although he has been toiling all day. The whole body is fatigued when night comes, and thIe stomach takes its due share; and to eat heartily at supper, and then go to bed, is giving all thie other por tions and functions of the body repose, while the stomach has thrown on itself five hours more labour, after having worked five hours to dispose of breakfast, and a still longer time for dinner. This ten or twelve hours of incessant labour has nearly exhausted its power, it cannot promptly digest another full meal, but labours for hours together, like an exhausted galley-slave at a newly imposed task. The result is, that by the unnatural length of time in which the food is kept in the stomach, and the imperfect manner in which the exhausted organ manages it, it becomes more or less acid; this generates wind; this distends the stomach; this presses itself against the more yielding lungs, confining them to a greatly diminished space; hence every breath taken is insufficient for the wants of the system, the blood becomes foul, black, and thick, refuses to flow, and the man dies, or in delirium or fright leaps from a window or commits suicide, as did Hugh Miller and multitudes of others. Let any reader who follows an inactive lifo for the most part, try the experiment for a week of eating abso lutely nothing after a two o'clock dinner, and see if a sounder sleep and a more vigorous appetite for breakfast and a hearty dinner are not the pleasurable results, to say nothing of the happy deliverance from that disagreeable fulness, weight, oppres sion, or acidity which attends over- eating. Hall's Journal of Health. WmoICc ws WImou.-I don't know what they call those men who inspect the lunatic asylums-whether commissioners, inspectors, or lunatic officers, or what; but I heard a good story about one the other day. He, the government inspector (let us say govern ment inspector, or I shall not be able to get on), went down to a lunatic asylum to inspect, report, or whatever may be the term for it. He was a very tall fellow, with sandy whiskers, this official. He saw the medical superintendent, and said, "I don't wish to go over the asylum in the usual way; but to mingle with the patients as if I were a-an officer, a surgeon, or even one of themselves. By so doing I shall be better enabled to judge of their intellectual state, and of their progress in the direction of sanity." "With pleasure," said tihe doctor ; "it is Saturday, and we usually have a dance on Saturday night. If you go into the ball-room, as we call it, you will see them dancing and talking without reserve." "WVould it be objectionable if I-a danced with them?" asked the official. "Not at all," was the reply. The official walked into the ball-room, and, selecting the prettiest girl he saw for a partner, was soon keeping up a very animated conversation with her. In the course of the evening he said to the doctor: "Do you know that that girl in the white dress with the blue spots, is a very curious case ? I've been talking to her and I cannot, for the life and soul of me, discover in what direction her mental malady lies. Of course, I saw at once she was mad-saw it in the odd look of her eyes. She kept looking at me so oddly. I asked her if she did not think she was the Queen of England, or whether she had not been robbed of a large fortune by the volunteer movement, or jilted by the Prince of Wales; and tried to find out the cause of her lunacy; but I couldn't, she was too artful." "Very likely," answered the doctor. "You see, she is not a patient; she is one of the house maids, and as sane as you are!" Mean time, the pretty housemaid went to one of her. fellow-servants and said, "have you seen the new patient ? He's been dancing with me. A fine tall man, and beautiful whiskers; but as mad as a March hare. He asked me if I was'nt the Queen of England; if a volunteer had'nt robbed me of a large fortune; and whether the Prince of Wales did'nt want to marry me. He is mad. Is'nt it a pity-such afine young man ? "-fIllustrated Times. A~e ExOcISEMA FLoonEnD.--Coesar Otway tells a story of a courageous little dapper exciseman, who entered Connemara single handed, to seize a fat lady who did a good business in French silks and laces. He met the contrabandist in a narrow pass, and came upon her, if I recollect aright, unex pectedly, from behind a rock. The lady, who was very large and fat, was riding on a pillion behind a servant boy. Although taken by surprise, she proved herself more than a match for the excise officer. "I shall thank you, ma'am," said he, taking the horse by the bridle, "to dismount." "Dismount! Arrah, what for, sir?" asked the lady.. " I am an officer in His Majesty's service, ma'am, and have reason to believe that you have contraband property about your person, or beneath the saddle of the horse.'" Fortunately for the contrabandist, she had'none of the goods about her person; they' iwere all stowed away beneath the pillion, or saddle, on which she sat. "I really cannot come down," said the large fat woman. "But really, ma'am, you must," said the courageous little man, look ing up to the mountain. "Then, if I do, sir, you must help me." "With the greatest pleasure, ma'am," said the minia ture exciseman, holding up his hands to assist her. The lady, who came "down at a run," plopped into his arms with a weight and velocity which threw him on his back in the road, where she held him pinned beneath her. "Ride away, ma bochal," said she in Irish, turning round her head to the servant boy; "its me the gentleman wants and not you." 'Let me up, madam," roared the exciseman. "Oh, dear me, sir, what a fright you gave me ! " said the lady, rolling herself leisurely off; "and I declare that boy has rode off with the horse."-Once a Week. ExrTACTS Rno I WIATrLY's ArPIIOnISs. -Four kinds of bad example do us harm: -1. Those we imitate; 2. Those we proudly exult over; 3. Those which drive us into an opposite extreme; and 4, those which lower our standard. A man is always in danger of being satisfied, and perhaps more than satisfied, if he does but excel; and excellence is relative. Whence it comes that bad examples do much the greatest amount of evil among those who do not follow them. For one who is corrupted by becoming as bad as bad example, there are ten that are debased by becoming content with being better. An honest man has, cceteris paribaus, a b'etter knowledgo of human nature than a knave, because he knows that thero are mknaves; while the other personally dis believes tihe existence of honest men. In ferior motives, self-interest, love of ease, &c.;, are understood by all, because they exist in all. The higher motives do not exist in the baser part of mankind, who consequently are apt not to bolieovo in them. It is to this Miss Edgeworth alludes, when she speaks of the persons who divide all mankind into knaves and fools, and when they meet with an honest man do not know what to make of him. How much better the world would go on if people could but do now and then what Lord Castlereagh used to deprlocate-turn their backcs upon themselves. Mon of the world hold that it is impossible to do a disinterested action, except from an interested motive-for the sako of admiration, if for no grossor, moro tangible gain. Doubtless they are also convinced, thlat when the sun is showoring light from the sky hlie is only standing there to be stared at. The Lancet contains the results of the analysis for copper of forty-two samples of peas, beans, and mixed vegetables preserved in air-tight cases, of bottled fruits, and of various pickles. Of the thirty samples of peas, beans, and other green vegetables, copper was found in twenty-fivo, while five only were free from that metal. Of the bottled fruits examined, as greengages and gooseberries, all contained copper, which was also found in five of the nine picklers tested. In the peas, beans, and other vegetables contained in hermetically sealed cases, the metal existed in the form of sul phato of copper, or blue- stone, which had been purposely introduced with a view of imparting to them a bright green colour, whilst in tie pickles it existed in the form of acetate of copper. In many of thie sam ples the quantity of copper was large, the solution of the ash when treated with ammonia furnishing a liquid of a deep blue colour. The same solution properly acidu hated also afforded an abundant deposition of the metal in a pure state on a polished rod of iron. Indeed, in the case of pickles and other vegetables, when the quantity of copper is considerable, this last method affords a ready means of detocting it, it being only necessary to immerse in the sus pected article the polished blade of a knife, allowing it to remain for twenty-four or forty-oight hours, as the case may be, when it will become distinctly coated with the metal in question, which is at once recog nised by the unaided eye. ANNUITIES TO THE Poon.-Mr. Gladstone's tables for granting annuities to the poor have been published. The main fact is this:-A. working man, by paying a shilling a weeklr, from thirty to sixty, will secure himself an annuity from that date of 6s. a week for life, and with two shillings, of course, twice that amount. The figures have been settled on mathematical calcu lation; but as regards this one item Mr. Gladstone might have been a little less exact, might at least have knocked off the 20 per cent. he is going to charge for the trouble of receiving money in small sums. Still the tables will enable any employer who wishes to provide pensions for his older hands, and to make strikes difoicult or impossible, to subscribe for them under the state guarantee. The only object now remaining is to see that the boards of guardians treat these annuities as they do annuities from sick clubs, i.e., as non existent. If they threaten to refuse relief to any person who possesses one, the pooer may consider the annuity a bad investment, compared with the riskful but cheap club. Spectator. A GoD, on A DEMoN ?P-We read in the Friend of India:-" A lusus naturco in the shape of a giant has made his appear ance at Nagpore. The man is seven feet fosut inches high; his head is not particularly large, but his aspect is described as 'hideously repulsive. At first the people thought he was a demon, and stoned accord ingly; but five peculiar marks having boeen discovered upon his head he was immedi ately declared to be a god, and divine honours paid him. He is on his way to a shrine at Indore, and makes the most of his natural advantages by exhibiting himself at a pice a head. The difference between deity and demonism is very slight in India." Ax ArT EXPLANATION.--As the surgeon was going his rounds, examining the patients, he came to a sergeant of a New York regiment, who had been struck by a bullet in the left breast, right over the region of the heart. The doctor surprised at the narrow escape of the man, ejaculated, "why, my man, where in the name of goodness, could your heart have been?" The poor fellow, with a faint and sickly Mmile, replied, "I guess it must have been in my mouth just then, doctor." You will be gratified to learn that he subsequently escaped, and arrived quite safe in our lines. -Editor's Drawer, in Harper's New Montbly Magazine. The Spanish journals state that two young men sentenced to death for murder under went the punishment of the garotte during the ldite severe weather at Bonetillo de la Sierra, in the province of Madrid. The Queen had spared the life of one of them, but the quantity of snow which had fallen having interrupted the communications, even by electric telegraph, the order for suspend ing the execution did not arrive until two hours after the man was dead. NEw Yo?K EDITonaLs ACCOUNTED FOn. -At a trial in January last, before the city court of Brooklyn, New York, in which the plaintiff claimed a verdict and damages against her brother and nephew for talking her to Bloomingdale Lunatic Asylum, though she was (she alleged) really of sound mind, Dr. Brown, the principal physician of the asylum, was asked whether it was possible that a person of insane mind could write such poems as this lady had written, one of which had become very popular. The doctor's answer was, "certainly. I suppose the best reply I can give to that question is to state that ' Adler's German and English Dictionary,' which is used as a standard text-book in the principal colleges in the country, was written in the Bloomingdale Asylum by a person of insane mind. I might also mention a number of standard text-books which were written in that insti tion; and I will also state, as a conclusive fact, that one of the loading newspapers in New York is principally edited in the Bloomingdalo Lunatic Asylum, and the leading editorial is written three or four times a week by a person of unsound mind confined in that institution." NEwsPaPras.-W. 0. Bryant, speaking of newspapers, said:-Boolks are the precious metals in masses --newspapers coin them for general use, put them in the most convenient forms, and pass them from hand to hand! "Noewspapers, he said, "are the ushers of books. W~Io would know when a book is published, but for the friendly information of the newspapers?" He added, that he liad been sometimes tempted to regret that the wise, witty, or elegant things which ap peared in theso "folios of four pages," as they were called by Cowper, should not be in scribed on more durable tablets, instead of going next morning to wrap parcels or light kitchen fires; but he was fully satisfied with their fate, when he reflected that they had first boon read by thousands, and whatever was good in them had passed into the gono ral mind. A R?EADv PrcroE-On.-" Vhat time is it, Tom?" "Just time enough to pay that little account you owe me." Oh, indeed I Well I did not think it was half so late." Probably there are no two words which moro distinctly point out cause and conso quence than these-gin and bitters. The following is hard to boat for depth of pathos and soul-stirring sentiment: Hero Pizo and kakes and Bior I sell, And Oistors stood & in thie shell, And frido wuns tow for thoen that chows, And with dispatch blacks butos & shows. The planet Uranus, whlich was discovered by Herschel on the 13th ~March, 1781, com pleted its first revolution round the sun on the 20th March; that is to say in 84 years and seven hours it came back to that position in the Heavens in which it was first soon. A clergyman in Connecticut was reading to his congregation the beautiful and poeti cal psalm of David, where he says, " M~rcy and Truth are mot together; Righlteousness and Peace have kissed each other." At this passage a little girl in the assembly mani fested a great interest and whispered to her mother-" that's just as true as you live; I see Righteous Hill a kissing Peace Peabody behind the smoke-house-but· how did the minister know it ?" A magistrate, living not far away, having doubted whethoer a little boy, who was offered as a witness, understood the nature and obligations of an oath, proposed to ex amine him on that point. " My boy, can you repeat the Lord's prayer!" "Yes, sir," was the instant answer, "can you?" A story is going the rounds, of a man living out west who completes eight pairs of large-sized boots every day. The editor of the New York Globe says, it would be con siderod small doings in this city. "There is a ladies' shoemaker down in the swamps, who, as fast as he finishes a gaiter, throws it over his shoulder into a box behind him. He keeps one in the air all the time, and don't half try ! " A Scotchman who was at mortal enmity with one of his neighbours, fell sick, and being given over, sent for his enemy that he might be reconciled. "Oh!" said he, when the man entered the room, "I'm very bad, very bad indeed-do you think I shall dio ?" "I hope not," replied the visitor. "Yes I shall, I know I shall die, so I sent for you to be friends, that I may not go out of this world at enmity with any one!" This token of reconciliation was granted; but when his visitor was about to leave, the sick man cried out, "stop! if I should not die this time, all this goes for nothing-mind now, its to be just as it was before, if I don't die." Some years ago a well-known hunting character was met by a friend whom he had not seen for a long time, who apostrophisod him thus:-" Why, you are married at last, old boy! What made you marry? you were so determined a bachelor!" "True, my dear fellow," replied the Nimrod. "The fact is, my wife is a charming woman with a good fortune, and she is so like a foX! " TAxmne CAnE or No. 1.-A negro having purchased a hat was observed to take it from his head on the fall of a shower of rain, and to manifest particular anxiety to pro serve it from the wet. On being remons trated with for his supposed stupidity, in thus leaving his head exposed, he wittily observed, "hat belong to me-head belong to massa." 