T~ier. Select Committee appointed to enquire, into the internal organisation and general management of the Peat-office and MKoney' Order department have, after reijiiring theo Government Printer to publish forty-seven pages of evidence, arrived at the astounding concluoion "that a knowledge of the duties to be performed is as essential in tho Post-office as in any other departmnent." The Committee ought to have hald more regard for thle nerves of the public than thus suddenly to make so startling an announcement--one calculated to take away the breath of every man, woman, and child that hears it, and make us dumb with admiration ancl astonishment at tlis original ability and extraordinary wisdom dis playedby the hen. members, Messrs. WATTs", AcKE?zlE, BEL.L, FaOnas, acid Wnasu, who I served on the committee, and brought to boar en the investigation so much genins and skill. It was, of course, notorious before that, in the Government departments generally, the so-, vareat teat was always applied before any gentleman received an appointment--that a,: thorough knowledge of the duties to be per-' formed was regarded as absolutely essential, and that industry and self-denial in the per-. formance of them were equally indispensable. But the Post-office! why, the thing is absord. To say that the mere sorting and dslivery of a few private manuscripts necessitated anything like knowledge how to do it, would, of course, until now have been looked upon as preposte rous and absurd. What did it really matter either whether the transmission of the few pounds of a poor man was effected safely~or not? and, as for newspalpers, are they not a nuisance to the department, and wonl not a helocanet of thousands have been regarded as ameritorious sacrifice at the shrine of barns cledom P But this model committee eat cheepSg tent cdaf. N?o more in'competence in,, the Post- offce henceforwvard for ever--no more" ladies to rule over us--no more -defalcations in. the Money Order ofi~ce- We may ; look for-? ward now to a state of efficiency in the depart menteuch as had never previously been dreamt. of, and, if a letter should ever happen to .go' astray or be delayed in the delivery, we. sha~ll have at least for our consolation the certain; k?nowledge that the department 'is iiot to" b~lame. 'To have secured auch a consuinmation, how trifling were the labour~and cost, involtedL in printing :forty-seven pages of evidence I But we must' not be so Unjust to th' oem-' mittes as, to represent them as. having "a#4y4'??' at no 'other copelusion than this, thoughi jno doubt it alone would entitle them to a scalp tar's group in the Capitol. Their report con tains other opinions and other recommenda-' tionn. Perhap~s the most singular of these, looked at in connection with the other, is that con tained in the first denuse ot the report, wherein' the Committee express their belief that the? Post-office is not, and has never been, in a state'. of inefficiency from the want of an adeqnate' staff of offiials. "An adequate atstff" :must. mean, we' presume, an efficient stisif:, if the' Committee had meant a sufficiently numerous: staff, they would no dbubt have expressed] themselves to that effect. If then the staff has always heen efficient, and. the staff of the department consequently efficient also, at as hard to understand some of the Committee's: recommendations, and especially the .third, which seems to have been intended to restore efficiency. Why, again, should they "call attention to thise scattered and limited accom modation," and ' "recommend the erection of a new General Post Office at as early a period as may be found practicable I'" Does net this look like entertaining optimist views, and enconraging a wasteful expenditere of the public money at .is time when the revenue is feand insufficient to meet wvhat are considered absolute requirements P The Committee recommend an amalgamation of thin Pest-office cud Telegraph departments, founding 'their recomibendation, as it appears to us, solely oni a very vague sort of opiiiion expressed by M[r. MxcKENzIE, and Without taking the trouble to consult the heads of either department. M[r. M?Acx?.czcx, in reply to Mfr. We.LsiI, states that he thinks soch amalgamatioin would be desirable-that it would certsiiily be beneficial in an economical point of view-that he thinks' the duties of postal inspector and line inspector couldl' be combined in one person-and that the amalga mation of the two departments would'be des?ir able on economical grounds certainly, and ons other grounids probably. Evidence so scanty and bald as this is by. the Committee. thought safficient to justify them in recommending what "mighit'afterwarde lead to an amalgama= tion of two offices so 'closely*conne'cted-? meaning the Post-office and thoe?lectric Tele graph office. We confess ourselves mlite at'a less to perceive the desirability of such amal-: gamation, either on economical or other grounds, and we think the House wvas entitled to expect frunm the Committee something like a reason for their recommendation, seeing that there is so very little in the evidence to hear it out. It is gratifying to find that tbe Committee, "on examination, believe the M?oney. Order branch of the Post-office to be now in an effiective state, with a better system of cheeks and a more efficient staff than etisted at the time M~rs. Bliarar 'hbad charge of the office2l It is gratifying, but it is .not. conclusively s?atisfactory, because no select .commtittee ceuld, by inspection and enquiry, prondunce asthoritetirely on such, a point, and. also h~ecauso this particular comamittee displgyed us special fitness for the work. After. such irregularities as :have occurred in this branch of the office, and tihe smandal to which they Fgave rise, MJr. Pusson must indeed be an incompetent officer if he has not thoroughly re-organised his department, and placed it on en efficient footing. We derive more con fidence from this view of the subject than any mere assertion of the Committee. "Withs the recommendation for the erection of a noew General Post-office, no fault certainly can he foond, although the idea immediately soggests itself that it needed "no ghost come from the gravo"-no forty-seven closely printed pages of evidence--" to tell us this." As to the appointment of a Postal Inspector and a chief clerk to obviate the necessity of a Postmaster, these are mere departmental or Irangemente which would be thr better left, as of course they ;vill be, to the .judgment of the :Executive. A systenm of promotion, with efficiency* for its basis, as recomnmended, Icannot possibly be objected to. It will be remembered that the Government required Mr,. Piston and Mlrs. BARmY? to make goad the defaleations that occurred lately in the Moeney Order office, en the ground that scant of proper care had been evinced by both of them. The .Committee, ~lwwpver, "believe there are circomstances which will render it advisable not to" hold .the ' Oscee~aSTR GoEflcLa or Mfrs. BARNE¢Y responsible." What 'those circumstances are tho Com mittee do not vouchsafe to state, nor .do they even essert that they are disclosed in the evidence. We do not pretend tcsixythat we have 'perused. the whole'foi't-seven pages, but we, have glanced..through~hto, and o'ur, eyehas lihte, o. othing .whichrtend.:to showhs lighe exfne -of a?uch c ircuiestances:/ We fear that per~sonal' frieniship;.-end the good-nature of niembei's of the.'dotintntte0, had' more to do than rireuinsta'cces inth? ?ation' of this charitable belief; and, unless very, good reason~be shown for a change of determination,. we trust the Government~will not? deprive the country of the good effect likely~to arise from the wholesome lesson lately taught.. ___._ 