i ? i MURDER UNDER THE MICROSCOPE. / [AUTOBIOGRAPHY 01? AN ENGLISH DETECTIVE.] ?' (Concluded.) i It has been stated that Mr Joseph Gibson was arid had been long separated from his wife, a person of remarkable personal attractions. Neither her maiden name nor that which she has since her separation passed under need be printed in these pages. It is sufficient to say that she was an prphan girl and a milliner's assistant when Gibson follishly fell in love with and married her. As often happens in such cases, the disappointment was mutual. Gibson at the time had quite a splendid fehop, was in the first flush of a year's promising business, kept two servants ; which items summed up meant, of course, nothing to do, a well-furnished iable, silk and satin dresses, cabs to theatres, &o.; In short, the life of a ladyship, minus only the title. And tho bridegroom, no doubt,' expected to be imparadised in the smiles and endearments of the entrancing milliner's assistant to the full end and term of his natural life. Well, the business did not answer so well as might have been reason ably expected — one servant was first lopped off, omnibus must serve for a cab, with the rest of such disagreeftble ^olinea in life, The husband (time and familiarity are such disenchanters) discovered that his wife was not quite tho angel he had sup posed, and — and the young lady was frail. A sep aration took place, and the guilty one had since oon tinued to live in splendid sin. Twenty year3 ago only a rich man could obtain a divorce — the matrimonial chain yielded only to a golden file— and Mr and Mr3 Gibson were still, of course, in legal parlance, man and wife. The woman, however, was not all bad ; few are — neither man nor woman, none, that I have known ; and having read the report, copied into the London papers from the Poole Herald, of the pro ceedings at the inquest on Blagden's death, she for warded to her daughter Catherine a draft, in a feigned name, for one hundred pounds ; and, at the same time, so influenced — not directly, of course — in- fluential persons, that: I was commanded to proceed to Poole and Stape Hill, and minutely investigate the case. A letter from ' the friend' who had for warded the one hundred pound draft, addressed to. Miss Gibson, preceded me, and I was welcomed with tears of trembling hope. I think Catherine Gibson - guessed that ' the friend' was her fallen mother, but she hinted nothing of the kind, and indeed it was not till all was over that I myself had any notion . — a matter, after all, of supreme indifference — as to who pulled the Btrings by which I was aet ia motion. It was a very, very ugly affair. Before going . into the business with Miss Gibson, I, inaoooraanoe with my invariable tactics, made myself thoroughly acquainted with the case against us — in this instance the case for the Crown. A sight of your adver sary's cards is a good step towards the whining tha game. The sight, however, of the formidable . cards held by ihe Crown in ' Begins v. Gibson' did not at all reassure me. The Poole police had not only deposed that the prisoner, when surprised in his bed on the morn* ing of the murder, so late as eleven o'clock — he that usually rose by six at latest—exclaimed when . he saw the officers, who had not spoken' a syllable respecting the murder of Blagden, not even men tioned that gentleman's name, opening his bureau, 'Ah! it's all over with me. . I shall be hanged, I suppose, for that devil Blagden. Take me away at once.' After that betraying avowal, he assumed tho mask of sullen silence — not speak ing another word except when, as they were going ; along the road with him, in a chaise cart, towards Poole, one of them, when passing or nearing thai spot where the crime had been committed, said, ' I can't but think Blagden fought bard for his life, whoever murdered him.' ' Who- ; ever murdered Blagden!' exclaimed Gibson; ? with a fearful start, ' what are you talking of? Robbed him perhaps ?' ' Murdered and robbed ...-.-; him,' said the officer ; ' but, mind, no one asks yoa ? to tell about it.' At hearing which, the prisoner gave a loud cry, and fainted, or pretended to faint away. . . : Since then he had not said a word upon the aub» ject; the attorney who appeared for him when ha was examined before the magistrates having 'reserved his client's defence.' Since then there .. had been found at Stape Hill, in. an outhouse, a sharp hillock, the blade and handle of which were stained with blood. It was such an instrument aa , might, the surgeon who had examined the body, da posed, have inflicted the wound which deprived the . deceased Blagden of life ; and, thrnst away amongst . ' old rags and other lumber, in a place which Miss Gibson admitted her father could only have access to, was an old apron, just such a one as the prisoner sometimes wore, covered with blood-stainB. These evidences — dumb, yet endowed with miracu lous voice— had been carefully sealed up, and re mained in possession of the local police. Catherine Gibson endeavored to account for the blood upon the finely-sharpened bill-hook, by saying that her father had a few days before the death of Mr Blagden chopped off the head of a gander, which bled very much. Gibson did not, however, she ad mitted,, wear the bloody apron upon that occasion. None of the money belonging to Mr Blagden, neither notes nor coin — he had a small canvas bag full, or nearly so, of sovereigns — had been found, nor had the gold watch. It had all, no doubt, been cunningly concealed; but he (the officer with whom I waa conversing) had little doubt that with patience and perseverance they should discover tho hiding hole. ' Does it not strike you as somewhat remark able,' said I,. ' that Gibson did not also cunningly conceal the stamped receipt, the most damning piece of evidence against him ? It might be legally impossible to prove that the notes and gold, even the watoh, belonged to Mr Blagden ; might be, I say — though that, as regards ,the wtitch, is a violent supposition. But the receipt, about which thera can be no mistake — the man must have lost his head not to have concealed or destroyed that.' ' He, no doubt, intended to produce it in bar of the claim for rent whioh would be made by the deceased's representatives 1' ' Although Somers could prove that he had not paid the rent, and Mrs Finch that she had refused t* Catherine Gibson the means of doing so ! Queer to my mind that ! Still the easily discoverable pos« session of the receipt is, however looked at, unao* countable. It can only be explained by the axiom that whom God determines to destroy he first de prives of reason. Did I understand you to say that the prisoner had been fully coinmitted for trial by the magistrates as well as by tho coroner ?' ' Yes ; fully committed in reality, not formally. The magistrates, having no doubt whatever of tha prisoner's guilt, declared their intention of fully committing'him for wilful murder ; but he will be again brought before them the day after to-morrow, for the completion of the depositions. At present he remains in Poole Gaol.' ' The day after to-morrow ! Oh, by-the-bye, is the clothes-lino, or half of a clothes-line, scratched out by a hen from under a hedge, handy?' ' Yes, it is here. I will show it you. But I really do not see what possible connection that can have with the murder.' ' I do not say it has ; still I should like to MO it.' It was shown me. 'Humph! Anew line— one of the beat maluh A now line spoiled to no purpose. This piece i| not above six yards long ; sharply severed, too ; and there is a slip-noose at one end !' ' True enough ; but what use could have beett made of it in effecting the murder ?' 'Well, a very efficient use ; but we will speak of that hereafter. Keep it safe if you ploase. Tha hedge where it was scratched up was not road-gravel I suppose ; and there are many particles of road* gravel stfolring to this line or X am ' mistaken* ? '???! i* ? ' ' ' , Have you leisure to go with me to the scene of the inurder?' ?:?: . 'Yes,' replied the officer, ' I will go with much pleasure.' The notion which had struck me ahout the clothes line was derived from a former police experience near Hereford. - How the horse had been thrown down with such violence as to break one of its legs . ? a singularly sure-footed animal too — had puzzled the natives. ? Now, it had come out in the Hereford business— which ended in nothing, the person robbed having refused to prosecute — that the robbers had, in that case, thrown the gentleman's horse (he also. drovea gig) down by a very simple expedient. A line was dropped in the dark across the road, attaohed by a running noose atone end to the stump of a tree, at about two feet from the ground, which, suddenly tightened as 'the horse came swiftly up, would- bring down the surest-footed beast in the world, with terrible violence. The same trick might have been played upon this occasion. I was pretty sure it had been ; and the other portion of the clothes-line might suffice to hang whoever could be proved to have had it in his possession on the night of the murder. . ' The place where the horse must have fallen was jns{: the Bpot where such a device might be resorted ? to with success.' The road was narrow, level ; the -? horse -would be going at its swiftest pace ; and there - was an oak-sapling on one side, round which the running noose could he slipt, . and fixed at any. height. One man, having the other end in his hand, and seizing the exact moment for raising it, could thrdw^any swift horse' down.' Yes ; but to do so was :8carcely40;be expected of a Cockney oil and color ??.?' man— one; too, prematurely feeble, aged. No, no; if that trick hadbeen played, it was by some one whose eyes could see in thedark as well as by daylight; one possessed of nerve* :quickness, decision, which wouldbringdo'wn a partridge before it had fluttered its wings thrice. ; . '. ''Clever poachers about here?' I carelessly re marked, speaking to my brother- officer. ' I- Bhould think so. Bum fellows to meet with of a dark night too !' '??.??' ?? Mr Gibson, the prisoner, can hardly be one of that sort, I should think?' ' God bless youl no. I should hardly think he bnows a Bnipe from a partridge, except wfien they ? are cooked;' nor how to so much as load a , gun.' ..?:??:?:?? ' Have you any first-rats moenlight fellowa about ?: '' ?? here?'' . : ?? .? .. ' ? ' . ? ' YeB ; but the cleverest, by a long chalk, is gone out of that line^ Jem Somers, as lives at Stape Hill. He used to be an out-and-outer. He's not exactly ?'? snch ai bad sort,' continued the efficer, ' as everyr bodyj or almost everybody (Mr Blagden liked him very much), says he is. He's very sorry, seems; almost: heart-broken about this horrible affair —Mr GibBon and his daughter having been, he says, bo kind to' him. He thinks, if he cain't get ' a tolerable situation, which he can hardly ex . pecf now*9' Mr Blagden is dead, of going to America.' ' America ! Well, he'll have plenty of sport there. I suppose such a tender-hearted gentleman would be most grieved for the fate of his oldest friend, Mr V Blagden.' x : ? ' No', really, no. He is most distressed about . Gibson and his daughter. Tears come into his eyes every time he speaks about them. ' Why,' con tinued the greenly-guileless officer, 'Why, to get out of ? him before the coroner and magistrates, about what passed at Stape Hill between Gibson arid Blagden, when there was sucia a row beeause Gib son could not pay his rent, was like pulling the very teeth out of his head.' 'But it came out, as the teeth would, at last. He's a 'cute chap^too, I am pretty sure, as well as Boft-hearted ???' ' 'Cute, I should think ! Catch a weasel asleep, and you may chance to drop upon Jim Somers When he's got one eye shut.' ' He lives, you say, in the same honte with the Gibsons?' ; 'Yes; but not exactly. They have a place to themselves that joins on like to the farmhouse, but yet separated from it.' - 'I understand. They have their own castle. r' Every Englishman— the humblest— likes that, if the castle is a wooden one, the roof thatched with furze. Their own poultry, pig, and washing-yard alsoj !-I suppose?' ? 'Yes ; quite distinct from the farm- house. Jim's wife' showed me over it the other day.' ''I was pleased at that; for it had occurred to mo that I should like to see Jim Somers1 last new clotfies-line, or what remained of it. I had a long conference with Catherine GibBon ; but it was far from a heartening one. When she had done, I said : ''There is one circumstance I should be glad to hear from your own lips, if you choose to honor me with your confidence. I mean, of course, if you can throw any light upon the seeming mystery. It is this: How came the receipt for the rent due (fifty pounds) in your father's possession ?' The young woman's face flushed — the flush, I was sure, of shame. She cast down her eyes, and remained silent. 'If I am to be of any service, I must know all' eaid I, gently, but fiiimly. ^ 'I understand that,' said Catherine Gibson, not uplifting her eyes. ' I will tell you. Mr Blagden, in his hurry and passion, did not observe that it had dropped on the floor; and left, supposing^ no doubt, that he had replaced it in his pocket-book. After he. was some time gone, my father saw the piece of paper, picked it' up, and — and ? ?'' 'Appropriated it, you mean to say ; or had some indistinct notion—a very foolish notion — that it might be a bar to the execution to be put in on the' morrow. And when the police called on the morrow, the still wilder notion arose in his mind, that an intention, if he reaUy intended such a crime, of stealing the receipt, was equivalent, under the circumstances, of having really done so. Absurd! but I can readily understand such a feeling. Your father, perhaps, drank more than usual that night, after Mr Blagden's departure ?' '.Oh! more, much more. My father is a very abstemious man.' M So I have been told. The receipt stumbling block, as far as I am concerned, is removed. The man Somers and his wife axe, I am told, very kind and serviceable to you in this sad crisis ? ?'Very kind and attentive ; more so than ever they were.' ' I should much like to see Somers, Perhaps I could glean something from him or his wife which, though deemed unimportant by you and him, might in my eyes be of significance. Is be Within?*; o ' His wife is not, but he is — in the next building which adjoins this. Shall I say who you are?' ? ' Not that I am a detective officer, if you please. It would not, perhaps, so much matter that Somers thould know my vocation ; but ifl am to Serve your father, I must work, like a mole, in the dark. Say simply, and which is the truth, that I am a friend from London, anxious to assist your father in his, I trust, passing trouble.' 'I will do so. He will be here in three minutes.' 'Not of the least use, James' Somers, to fence with me with that smoothly- loose tongue of yours ; to look modestly, sorrowfully upon . the floor with those catlike eyes. I knoio you, and that you are the murderer of Mr Blagden !' ' A moment after Miss Gibson passed out at the front, I left by the back door, making a trivial ^ex cuse to the servant, and saying I would return in a moment. You came out of your house with Miss Gibson, and I took the liberty ^of walking in. Had I seen either of you, it would have been easy to say that I would prefer seeing you and Mrs Somers (she not being then in the way) on the morrow. . Neither of you did see me. But 1 saw in. a ? large table drawer, which I- took the liberty of inspecting, the longest half of a clothes-line, sharply cut, of the newness, color, and, I think, rather peculiar twist of that found under the hedge. It's not likely you'll miss it before it has answered the present purpose I 'shall put it to ; and if you do, the last thought that will enter that cunning— but, as I can S6e plainly enough through that flat-crowned, animally-shaped skull — uneasy, palpitating brain of yours, that it is now in the coat-pocket of a London detective officer. Though of itself Hardly strong enough to -make a halter for that bull-neck of yours, it will perhaps enable me to find something that will. Oh ! you have nothing more to say except to repeat how 1 mortal sorry ' you be for the young missus, and for Mr Gibson too ! I have no doubt, Somers, you are a feeling man, and especially jnst now you must feel very strongly. I am sure you do. I have nothing more to ask. Miss Gibson is positive that her father is innocent, and we must trust to provi dence to; make the truth manifest. To-morrow I may, or may not, call to see your wife. Good day, Miss Gibson. I have promised to dine with an acquaintance in Poole, and must be gone.' The end of clothes-line which I had brought away from Somers's place precisely matched with that in possession of the Poole police: color, size, twist were identical, and both pieces made up in length that of an ordinary clothes-line. If the country magistrate — to whom the officer I had previously spoken with, whose name I, forget, volunteered to introduce me — had any brains in his head, he would, in a oase involving such issues, grant a warrant to search homers' premises. The magistrate fortunately had brainB in his head. I mentioned the Hereford affair, showed him the sundered clothes-cord, and declared my willingness to make oath that I had sufficient grounds for suspecting James Somers of having murdered and robbed Mr Arthur Blagden, to justify the issuing of a search-warrant. I had brought written testimony as to my detective acumen, signed, ' Richard Mayne ;' and it is probable that as much, if not more, than the evidence of the clothes line, decided him to grant the warrant, whioh was placed at once in the hands of the police. officer, whose name I have forgotten, andoff we both set without delay for Stape Hill. : _ - Somers and his wife were greatly scared by our , visit, the manespecially-flo, upon finding that Miss Gibson's friend was a London detective. Our search was ineffectual, so fat as that no property of the murdered man could 'be found ; neither notes, gold, or watch; but a veryvsharply-ground hand-axe, put away in a. corner-cupboard, attracted my attention. 'This is your husband's axe?' ' 0 yes; our axe.' I examined it minutely. First with the naked eye, then with a strong magnifier, which I was seldom or never without. The axe had been washed, not so very long ago; and, though there was nothing visible to the naked eye, my magnifier discovered upon the blade, not only spots of fed rust which might or might not be stains of blood, but a number of what looked to be minute fibres of fur sticking to the stains. .On removing the wooden haudle, we saw distinct marks of blood, which I concluded had been washed, as it were, into the socket. The man saw those marks' and turning cadaverously white, exclaimed that he had killed a snared rabbit with it not long before. . 'A rabbit?' 'Yes, a snared rabbit.' ' You have killed nothing else with it ?' 'Oh.no!' 'You had better take this axe with you, at all events,' said I to the local offioer. ' It may be of no consequence ; still you had better take posses-; sion of the instrument.' Once when I attended a leoture by a celebrated man, he had stated that every animal had in its blood globules differing in size from tho3e of any other kind. This knowledge had been arrived at by very slow steps. There was no doubt, however, of its pcientfic accuracy, or that with the aid ef a powerful microscope a professional man of skill and experience could decide, without chance of com mitting a mistake, from the slightest stain, whether the blood, if blood, had flowed in the veins of a human being or other animal. It was the same with minute fibres of fur, hair, &c.; This he had said was a most valuable discovery, and he instanced the fact that in France an innocent man might have been convicted of murder owing to a knife having been found in his possession stained with what had every appearance of blood, which stains, ex amined by a skilled gentleman through the micros cope, were proved to be lime juice. The leoture had made a great impression on me at the time, and it occurred to me that here was a casein which such a discovery, such a power, would prove invaluable? The fur cloak collar of the murdered man, it will be remembered, had been cut through ; the skull had also been split by the assassin. Were those minute fibres of fur sticking on the blade of the axe, fibres of rabbit fur, or of that, -whatever it might be, of whioh the cloak collar was made ? and were there any, the slightest shreds of human hair mingled with those particles of fur ? Then as to the blood upon Gibson's billhdok, and upon the old rag of an apron ; waa that human blood ? In the scientific replies to these questions lay the issue of life and death as regarded tlie prisoner Gib son ; and as, although not knowing who 'the friend' was that sent Miss Gibson the one hundred pound draft, I knew how to communicate with him or her, I determined to do so without delay, and I started in a gig for Dorchester ten minutes after I had so decided, there not being a moment to spave — reached. London by train, and, with the potent, agency of ' A Friend's' purse, engaged the services of the most eminent professor of th'at special branch of anatomical science in the metropolis, with whom I returned to Poole. The court was crowded on the day when it had been expected that Joseph Gibson would be finally committed for trial— a rumor having got afloat, that owing to the detective who bad been sent down from London, strange discoveries had been made. Poor Gibson looked more like a ghost than a man. He believed himself to be the doomed victim of a. relentless fate — that nothing, no ac . cident could — that God would not reveal the truth. The billhook, the apron, the axe were placed upon the table, and Professor Ansted (by whom they had been carefully examined) gave his evidence : it was clear, decisive. The blood upon the billhook was not human blood; of tbat he said there could be no possible doubt. The stains upon the apron were red paint, containing peroxide of iron. (Gibson, when oil and colorman, no doubt, had to grind his own paints, and when so occupied used the apron.) The stains upon the axe, found in the house of Somera, were human blood (there were human hairs sticking on them) ; and the particles of f ur were not rabbit but squirrel fur— the fur of which the murdered man's cloak collar was made. Seldom has evidence— almost supernatural it seemed to the astounded audience— produced a deeper impression than did Professor ^nsted'a. The finger of God appeared to be visible in it! 'William,' who had provedjhimself a true lover, burst into tears, as he pressed forward and shook the prisoner, and his daughter, standing close to herfather, warmly by the hands. The magistrates, who appeared to be somewhat mystified, bewildered, retired to consult with each other. Returned into court, the chairman an nounced that, ? relying upon the evidence of so dis tinguished a gentleman as;. Professor Ansted, a wairant for the apprehension of James Somers would be immediately issued ; but that for the present it waa not ' thought prudent to discharge the prisoner Joseph Gibson. The case would be adjourned for three days. The magistrates were saved any further trouble in the matter by the murderer himself. An ac quaintance in court, especially employed for that purpose, had ridden off to Stape Hill directly the decision of the magistrates was declared; who, of coiirse, apprised Somers' that a warrant was out against him for wilful murder, and that the officers would be there almost immediately to arrest him. The despairing felon heard the news with a savage growl, and a moment or so afterwards desired to be left alone. The door of the room in which his wife (weeping, sobbing, wringing her hands the while) said we snoud find him, was fastened on the inside. We burst it open, and a shooking spectacle presented itself. Samers was lying dead on the floor, in a pool of blood, self-murdered ; he had cut his throat with a razor. On a small table we found a scrap of writing in his hand: — ' It was I, not Gibson, that killed Blagdea. I had owed him a bitter grudge'' along time, though he didn't think it. D— n him, he ruined me body and soul when he sold trie up eight years ago. What I wish particularly to say is, that my wife is as innocent as a babe in' the busi ness. She don't even know where the money and watch is, or that I have such things. They are hidden away in a box under the flagstones of one of my pig-styes— the right hand one going out. That is, all I have to say. - I thought pf going to America, and now I'm going to ? , 'if there is such a place, which I don't believe. The peeler was right about the clothes-line; that was just how it was done.— J.S.' The money, watch, &c.;,.we found as indicated. All doubt respecting the terrible business being at an end, Joseph Gibson was forthwith discharged from prison. His case excited much sympathy. The executors of Arthur Blagden allowed him to throw up his farm, forgiving him the arrears of rent ; and he, with the help, I believe anonymously conveyed through the daughter, of ' A Friend,' took a smaller and culturable one not very far off from Stape Hill, and has since, I have been told, prospered tolerably. His daughter, I saw by the local paper which some of them sent me now and then, married 'William.' , 