HOME CORRESPONDENCE. [From our London Correspondent. 1 London, July 26,1865. The Parliament, which was in existence when I last wrote, has ceased to be, and another reigns in its place. That is the leading fact of the month, but, before making any further reference to it, I must advert to some events which take precedence of it in respect to time,.if not in importance and in terest. A notable event occurred in the House of Commons before the dissolution—bo less than the virtual expulsion of Lord Chancellor West bury from office. The report of the House of Commons Committee on the Leeds Bank ruDtcv Hegistrarship was published juBt before the departure of the last mail, and, without waiting for the evidence, Mr. Longfield, then, but not now, M.P. for Mallon, proceeded to make a severe attack upon the Lord Chan cellor. That, however, only brought a castiga tion upon himself; the House preferring to wait until the whole case was before it. On the 3rd of July—iuet three days' before the dissolution—Mr. Hunt, one of the Conserva tive members for Northamptonshire, proposed the following resolution :— "That the evidence taken before the Committee of this House on the Leeds Bankruptcy Court dis closes that a meat facility exists for obtaining public appointments by corrupt means; that such evidence, and also that taken before a Committee of the House of Lords in the case of Leonard Edmunds, and laid before this House, showsalaxity of practice and want of caution on the part of the Lord Chancellor, in sanctioning the grant of retiring pensions to public officers over whose head grave charges are impending, and in filling up the vacancies made by the retirement of such officers, whereby great encouragement has been given to corrupt practices; and that such laxity and want of caution, even in the absence of any improper motive, are, in the opinion of this House, highly reprehensible, and calculated to throw discredit on the administration on the high officers of the State."' This he did in a temperate if not in an effective speech, in which he expressly exonorated His Lordship from the charge of corruption. The Lord Advocate, who had conducted the case of the Lord Chancellor in the Committee, and Mr. Denman replied to Mr. Hunt; and the Lord Advocate moved as an amendment:— "That this House, having considered the report of the Select Committee en the Leeds Bankruptcy Court and the evidence taken by it, agrees in opinion with the Committee that the facts which are established acquit the Lord Chancellor of all charge in the matter except haste and want of caution in granting the pension to Mr. Wilde, and that this House is of opinion that some further check should be placed by law on the granting of pensions to legal officers." This amendment, it will be observed, carries its sting in the tail, and, in fact, amounted to a vote of censure; but, to the surprise of those on the Liberal side, Mr. Bouverie gave notice that if Mr. Hunt's motion were nega tived he should move the following amendment to that of the Lord Advocate:— "That this House, having considered the report i of the Select Committee on the Leeds Bankruptcy Court, is of opinion that whilst the evidence dis closed corrupt pradices with regard to the appoint ment of Mr. Welch to the Leeds Bankruptcy Court, no imputation could be made against the Lord Chancellor; on this point the proceedings shew laxity and want of caution which tend to throw discredit on the administration of the high officera of State." This made matters look serious for the Lord Chancellor; for it was taking the matter out of I the ordinary party-groove, and indicated that j the case was becoming hojriess, ""BwywMly when Mr. Hunt Etati d that Mr. Bouverie'fl amendment so expressed h's ovra views that h should accept it in lieu of his own motion. Thereupon Lord Palmerston declared that the matter stood on a new footing, and pro posed an adjournment for farther discussion. Now, considering that most of the member* were in the country electioneering, a wonderfully large Houbb had been got to gether; but it was perhaps thought that twenty-four more hours whipping would bring up more men, or possibly the Premier scented what was coming, and wished to give Lord Westbury the opportunity of resigning; but Mr. Disraeli resisted the proposal, and, on a division, the Government was beaten, the adjournment being negatived by a majority of 14 (163 to 177). Then, with great adroitness, Lord Palmerston said ha would not trouble the House to divide on the Lord Advocate's proposition, but would accept the division as indicative of the feeling of the House on Mr. Bouverie's amendment, which was then' carried. I call this adroit, because it has enabled those of the Ministerialists who have been censured at the hustings for their vote to say that they voted, not for the Lord Chancellor, but only for a day's adjourn ment. There could bo no doubt as to the complete ness of the Lord Chancellor's condemnation, thiB carrying of the vote of censure being the result of the support given to it by some 14 or 15 Liberals who voted with Mr. Bouverie. Of course it could be followed but by one result, and accordingly it was on the following night announced to both Houses that His Lordship's resignation had been tendered to the Queen, and would be accepted immediately that the business connected with the dissolution would permit. Subsequently the Lord Chancellor himsel adverted to the fact of bis resignation in a brief speech, admirable for its grace, reticence, and dignity, and delivered with as much calm ness as though it were a judgment in a law suit. He bowed to the verdict of the House of Commons, and said that he had wished to resign so soon as the charges were made, but that Lord Palmerston objected to bis doing bo. He adverted to the services he had been able to render to the cause of law reform, and ex pressed a hope that iD that and other respects he might stiu be able to render service to his country. And so has fallen one of the ablest Lord Chancellors of modern times—fallen less for his own faults than for those of a scape-grace son and his unprincipled associates—fallen, too, it may be added, without having been guilty of offences any greater than have marked the official career of not a few of our public officials. The lawyers probably rejoice at it, for they thought him to be no friend to their craft. High and orthodox Churchmen had been shocked by hie Privy Council judgments and by his treatment of the Bench of Bishops and of Convocation; while some people of all classes, who had felt the sharpness of his, at times, too keen and reckless tongu^ were perhaps not ill pleased at an indignity put upon himself. But while the public at large feel that the sacrifice was needful, they regret its necessity; having cause to believe that Lord Westbuiy could cleanse the Augean stable of our judicial system as no Other man of his class can. His Lordship's place has been taken by Lord Cran worth, who has already sat upon the wool sack, and has a good reputation as a lawyer, but more as a law reformer. It is supposed that the appointment is due to the fact that the Ministry were Unwilling that under the circumstances, another Chancellor should be put upon the pension-list; while it is supposed that Sir Boandell Palmer wishes to make more money at the Bar before he acquires a peerage and tak6B his seat, as he is sure ultimately to do, on the woolsack. I must pass over Sir Chae. Wood's " Tnflnm budget," delivered with great difficulty from, the state of bis health, and delivered to some seven members—that 1 may refer to one of the last acts of the House of Lords, viz., the rejection of the fiomaa Catholic Oath BilL This was done at the instance of Lord Derby— the numbers being 84 to 63. His Lordship's speech was one of the weakest I have heard from him ; its chief arguments bring that the present oath taken by Soman Catholic members was the result of a compact, and that, when Roman Catholic Emancipation was conceded, Catholics were quite satisfied with it. Hi« Lordship's speech on the occasion has done both him and his party some disservice, while Lord Grey's Bpeecli is ominouB in regard to the future fate of the Irieh Church. I suppose that nobody woald thank me for summarizing the speech of the Queen's Com missioners proroging Parliament, and enumer ating rhe few measures of importance which the session has produced. Nor will I attempt to do, what most of the public journals have done—write an elaborate history of the deceased Parliament. According to the estimate of the Times it has been a model Parliament, and it haB, at least, the distinction of having been the longest of modern times. The opinions formed of its deeds and misdeeds will very according to the stand-point of the historian or the critic; but there can be no doubt that while it has existed the country haB immensely pro gressed. I think, too, I may predict that the next Parliament will be neither as long- lived nor bo apathetic as its predecessor. Coming now to the main topic of the month —the general election—I may, btfore describing the result, advert to certain general fcetures of the conflict just concluded. It was nearly as short as it could be. Parliament wee pro rogued on the 6th instant and dissolved the same day. By that night's pest the writs were dispatched; on the 11th first election took place; on the 12th the greater portion of the borough elections took place; and on the 24th the new House of Commons was complete. Next, I think I may say that it was one ofthe quietest elections we have had in recent times. Not- that there was any apathy; on the con trary, public interest in the event wonderfully quickened as the event drew near, end in many cases the number of votes polled was unprece dented. There were also riots—on a not very serious scale—at Botterbam, Chippenham, Grantham, Nottingham, Maidenhead, and some other places, and much uproar at many of the nominations. But there was less of personal bitterueBS and rancorons hate, and greater moderation of tone and gentleness of demeanour than have been witnessed at some previous dissolutions. I however fear that the expenditure haB been on an injuriously large scale; for the number of contests has been very great, and there have never been so many monied men seeking for seats. As regards the principal topics disscussed, they have been almost -exclusively domestic; for the peaceful etate of the Continent and the close of the American war have left politicians no excuse for talking about foreign affairs to the npglect of matters concerning home. As the result, the Beforin question has everywhere cropped up, and that ghost has evidently riot yet been laid. Ecclesiastical questions have also been rife, and notably the Church-rate question, which ought to be settled by the new Parliament after such an expression of opinion on the point as has been elicited at this election. Tbe chief rallying cry of the Liberals has been—" Look at the prosperity of the nation under a Liberal regime!" Mr. Gladstone, on the strength of his financial measures, having been the hero of the hour, rather than Lord Palmerston, whom nobody expects to be able to follow all through the next Parliament. All the political sections have fought bard and well; the Conservatives making up for their want of a policy by good organization, excellent party discipline, and the skilful selection of candidates to meet local wants and weaknesses. The general political result of the election may be summed up in a sentence.- The Con servative party has been decisively defeated. The reckoning of the Times is that the Liberals have gained 23 seats, while the Daily Netcs sets it down at 25.. That may seem to be a small change, following on such a struggle; but let it be remembered that it involves a gain of 46 or 50 votes on a division—that that is an addi tion to the strength which kept the Liberals in and tbe Tories out, and that it destroys all hope of an early return to office on tbe part of the latter. Tbe victory, moreover, is all the greater because it has been won in every part of tbe electoral field—in England, Wales, Ire land, and Scotland; in counties as well as in boroughs. The Conservatives expected to Iobc in the counties but to win in the boroughs. They have lost in the counties, and to an extent surpassing all Liberal expectations—in Bute shire, Cardiganshire, East SuBBex, Hertford shire, Kincardineshire, Linlithgowshire, Limerick County, North Essex, North Staf fordshire, North Yorkshire; South Lancashire, South Shropshire, South Wilts, Stirlingshire, and South Derbyshire ; while the new county constituency— the South-West Biding of Yorkshire — has returned two Liberals, while, on the other hand, the Liberal county losses .have' been confined to Berkshire (two seats), East Norfolk, West Norfolk, and King's County.- But they have not, on the whole, euooeeded in the boroughs, their only matter lor rejoicing in respect to them bring that they have carried such towns t as Blackburn, Carlisle, Cheltenham, Derby, I Devonrort, Liverpool, Preston, and Sunder land, In tba metropolitan boroughaillthcK attempts to wrest seats from their opponents failed. In Ireland the successes of the Government have been as significant as they have been great. " Three boroughs," bbvs the Timet* Dublin correspondent—" Portarlington, Mal low, and ciligo—have been won from the Con servatives. During the last Parliament there was no law officer of the Crown from Ireland in the House of Commons, except during the brief period that Mr. Q'Hagan represented Tralee. Now the Attorney-General, the Soli citor-General, and the Law Adviser will all have seate in Partial ;r.t. Mr. Lawson has not only been returned—he has displaced a Conservative, and has opened a family borough, which has now, for the first time, returned a Liberal. This is a great moral victory. Mr. Sullivan has beaten a Conservative, Mr. Longfield, at Mal low, his native town ; and though he is a Protestant and a member of the Government, and was opposed by the parish priest, he con quered all opposition, and his carriage was drawn in triumph through the town by the people. Mr. Barry, the low adviser, was opposed by a Conservative belonging to a family of great local influence in the county, but he won by a large maj irity. Serjeant Armstrong, a Liberal, who is next on the line for promotion at the Irish bar, has displaced a Conservative, Mr. McDonaglt,at Sligo. These four members will be equal to eisht on a division. In fact there never was a Parliament since the passing of the Emancipation Act in which the Irish Government stood so well, or was so strong, as it will he in the next." This was written before the close of the elections, and matters have improved since. Mr. Pope Hennessy has lost his seat, and Alderman Dillon, who is officially connected with the new National Association, has been returned, together with Mr. Whit-worth, a Manchester deserter, and Mr. S'ock, a London merchant— all three pledged to a disendowmeut policy. The fact is that the junction of the Irish Catholic with the Conservative party, which had already become, weaker, has been nearly destroyed by the oppo sition of the latter to the Roman Catholic Oath Bill, and more especially by Lord Derby's ill-judged declaration of his unwilling ness to take the " muzzle" off the Roman Catholic members. I am told that it was the Government who put Mr. Monsell up to bringing in the Oath Bill, with a view to a breach between the parties; and if so, the 6tratagem has Eucceided admirably. The personal results of the election have excited even more interest than the general results. There were several candidates on the Liberal side whose success was ardently de sired elsewhere than in- the constituencies to which they appealed. Mr. John Stuart Mill's appearance among the Westminster electors and his admirable speeches created a feeling of enthusiasm in his favour which made Captain Grosvenor glad to coalesce with him, and placed him within a few votes of the top of the poll. Tom Hughes," as he has come to be called,' took Lambeth by storm, to the ex clusion of Alderman Lawrence, who had taken the seat unopposed only a few weeks before. Mr. Torrens, the most cultivated of the Fiusbury candidates, had more votes than any other citndid&e; throughout the kingdom, end was returned with Alderman Lusk, to the striking otlt of " little Cox." Professor Faweetf, " the blind candidate," won easily at Brighton. Mr. Morley has been returned for Nottingham, asd Sir Morton Peto for Bristol. Mr. Duncan McLaren, the Badical, best Mr. Adam Black, the Whig, at Edinburgh, to the great delight of Scottish Voluntaries. Several other men of great promise, intellectually and politically, nave been returned, and, notwithstanding the audacious assertions of the Times to the con trary, the Badical and Independent party have gained both in numbers and moral power. Very few Liberals of rank and power have been defeated; while the Government officials who have been rejected—Mr. Frederick Peel, Lord Bury, Lord Alfred Paget, and Colonel White—will certainly not be mourned over by those who will sit below the gangway. Mr. Gladstone's son has succeeded at Chester, and Lord Derby's second son has gone in un opposed at Preston; but to the great disappoint ment of the Leeds Liberals, and indeed of advanced Liberals everywhere^ Lord Amberley failed at Leeds, where the Conservative (Mr. Beecroft) headed the poll. Mr. Lawson, the Parliamentary leader of the " Permissive Bill'' party, is no longer representative of Carlisle; while Sir John Trelawny, formerly the anti- Church-rate leader; and the indefatigable religious-liberty " whip," Sir Charles DouglaB, are also without seats. The clever Mr. Leatham has been ousted at Huddersfield. Lord Fernoy was at the eleventh hour displaced at Maiylebone by the Common Serjeant of London, Mr. Chambers. The Hon. George Denman was (politically) killed at Lord Palmerston's Bide at Tiverton. Sir John Shelly, who fled from Westminster, hsa found refuge in Bridgewatcr; while Mr. Brassey, who won at Devonport just before the dissolution, has lost immediately after it. The Tories have lost one of their forensic advocates in Mr. Matins, one of their naval speakers in Sir John Elphinstone, and their man or* all-work, especially in relation to foreign affairs, in Mr. Seymour Fitzgerald. Sheffield has, however, refused to abandon Boebuck, who found his match in sharp torguedness in Mr. Campbell ForBter, the barrister. Stroud Btill clings to Horsman, and Woodstock did not q'ute succeed in throw ing off the ducal domination againBt which Mr. Henry so gallantly struggled. I wish I could congratulate the Australian .colonists on the election of so representative a .man as Colonel Torrens. He stood as one of the two Liberal candidates for Cambridge. He .made a good iapression, and showed a spirit of unselfishness which contrasted with that of . his colleague; and aB Mr. Macaolay, one of the Conservative candidates, fell ill and .retired just before the election, Mr.Torrens's chance, at least, was thought to be good. But the Tories put up another barrister imme diately, and showed that their strength in Cambridge is undiminished by returning both their men. The numbers were—Forsyth, 762 ; Powell, 760; Torrens, 726; Christie, 725. It is an interesting, if not an important feet, that this election has given to the English Soman . Catholics three representatives. Hitherto Lord Edward Howard has been the cole representative of their creed, and he sits *or. a family borough 3 but now Sir John Acton, who formerly eat for an Irish com . etitueney, sits for Bridgnorth; and Sir John Simeon for. the Isle r.' Wight. Both belong to the. more liberal-minded and independent Catholic section, and Sir John Simeon w»b actually opposed by his brother-pervert Mr. Ward, on the ground that he was not suffi ciently devoted to Papal interests. I have not referred to Manchester, which has given the public an electoral surprise, and which, so far as the Liberal party is concerned, is as disorganized as it was at the election of 1859\. The leaders of the party first asked Mr. Phillips, Mr. GibsoB, and Mr. Wilson to stand in conjunction with Mr. Bayley, but they de clined. Mr. Miall was next applied to, and he would "have stood but -for the candidature of Mr. Abel Hey wood, a Badical bookseller, who, because he had once polled 5,000 votes, thought he had a good claim for a seat. Then Mr. Jacob Bright was requested to stand, and he consented to do so; when two or three days before the election Mr. Edward James, the leading counsel on that -circuit—no connection of the notorious Edwin —made his appearance as a moderate Liberal, and, to everybody's astonishment, beat Jacob Bright by some hundreds; Hey wood being -nowhere. It is now thought that if Mr. Miall Nad stood he could have defeated both James and Heywood, inasmuch as he would have kindled a degree of enthusiasm in hw favour of .which Mr. Bright certainly had not the benefit. Mr. Gladstone is too important a man to be -herded with the general ran of candidates,land therefore I place him-last in my electoral notes, that he may have that distinctive notice which -is certainly his due. Well, Oxford University 'has at length treated Mr. Gladstone as she did Peel, and his rejection is the greatest triumph which the Tory patty has achieved during the -election. - The contest had been looked forward to with the' utmost interest—partly because it was understood that this was likely to be a final attempt to oust 'the University's brilliant but \- too liberal representative, and partly because the election was to be conducted for the first time by means of proxy voting (as well as by per sonal voting) under Mr. Dodson'e Act. That Act has undoubtedly been a great success, in that it hasalkrwed a greater number of mem bers of Convocation to vote than have pelled at ally previous University election, but it has proved fatal to Mr. Gladstone". The great majority of the resident members were strongly iu his favour; bat the' non-resident members, and especially the clergy, were largely against him. The election lasted five days, and Mr. Hardy took the lead at first and kept it throughout. It was not, however, until the fourth day that the Gladstone party lost all hope; bat the majority against him was then 230, thongh that was reduced to 180 on the last day, the numbers being—Heathoote, 3,236; Hardy, 1,904; Gladstone, 1,724. The electoral history of that day was, so far as the Chanotllor of the Exchequer was con* cerned, of quite a dramatic character. First issuing an address to bis late constituents, respectfully bidding them farewell, and fxores sing his " profound and lasting gratitude for indulgence as generous and for support as warm and enthusiastic" as bad ever been accorded by asy constituency to any represen tative. Mr. Gladstone issued an address to the electors of South Lancashire, to whom—though he had been nominated with Messrs. Hey wood and Thompson—he had previously been but " the ghost of a candidate," and confidently asked whether that which had been regarded as a disqualification at Oxford would be a barrier to his acceptance as a representative of the Liberalism of the north. But he did more than write heart-stirring addresses. On the same day he reached Manchester and addressed an overwhelming audience in the Freo 1 ride TT«11, and in the evening an equally vast gathering in hie native town, Liverpool. The next day was similarly spent, for time was precious, and there were but two days to undo in Lancashire the work which had,been a whole year doing at Oxford. Not even the political opponents of the Chancellor can have helped admiring the wonderful dash, breadth, and power of these memorable electioneering speeches. The orator seemed to leap into the arena with a fetrliog of joy, which etrugglcd with passionate regret, as he declared that he was at length " unmuzzled" aud able to take that part in the electoral struggle which University etiquette had previously denied him. There must, I imagine, have been some Oxford men who had already begun to regret the votes given for Mr. Hardy when they saw how unreservedly Mr. Gladstone threw himself into the stream of popular feeling in favour of both political and ecclesiastical reform. As might have been expected he won the Beat he sought, but, to the disappointment of the South Lancashire Liberals, he did net carry in his two colleagues, and himself came in below Messrs, Egerton and Turner, the two successful Conservative candidates. It, in fact, cannot be concealed that he owes his return to the Bupport of the Liverpool Con servatives, whose pride in him as a fellow townsman was stronger than their political feelings, and also to the clergy of the division, a large number of them voting for him. Nevertheless, the fact remains that Mr. Gladstone is now member for a great po pular constituency, and is no longer hampered by the ecclesiastics and the traditions of Oxford. Throughout all Radical circles there is an expression of satisfaction at such results, it being believed that Mr. Gladstone will now be free to follow the bent of his own generous instincts. There is. however, I must add, a small minority of his admirers who doubt thst the effect will be of so favourable a kind, and who believe that while great things may still be looked for from him in matters of fiuance, lie is so incurably lt churchified" that he will still refuse to march in the direction of religious equality. I have as yet said nothing as to the de meanour of the Conservative party in the ad verse circumstances in which they have unex pectedly found themselves. They confesa to a lecling of disappointment: but assert that matters are not as bid as they seem, and that! they shall still be able to exercise a controlling influence over the proceedings of Parliament. Mr. Disraeli, in particular, in a speech at an election dinner, has displayed the utmost ingenuity in attempting to prove that his party have suffered no actual loss, inasmuch i as several of the beaten men commonly deserted their party in critical divisions; while he also hopes that some of the lost seats will be gained when the present occupants are uneeated by Com mittees of the House of Commons. These movements are, however, not sustained^ by facts ; while the facts have become worse since the delivery of Mr. Disraeli's speech. The simple truth is that he and his friends hoped and expected to take possession of the Treasury bench as the result of this election, and now they are further off than ever, aud can only exercise the moderating but unremunerative influence of an opposition. It is too early to speculate on the probable effects of the election on the future course of the Government. Remembering the proceed ings of the last House of Commons,! should fear that, being once more firmly seated, they would forget their vowb and still pursue a do-nothing policy ; but there is a general expectation that there must be a movement in some direction, and as certain an expectation that a recon struction of the Cabinet will involve some change of policy. Usually the Cabinet does not sit until the autumn; but it has already met—two day6 ago—to reckon up its gains and losses, and no doubt to come to some agreement as to the kind of preparation to be made for the work of next session. The rumours of change con tinue, and everything concurs to make it likely that they have beneath them a sub stratum of truth. It is asserted by some that Lord Palmereton will not wait till Parliament meets, but will resign previously, and that Lords Granville, Bussell, or Clarendon will take his place, with Mr. Gladstone as leader in the Commons. On all bands it is felt that Mr. Gladstone is the pivot on which onr future movements will turn, and that very ex pectancy will produce a feeling of preparedness calculated to bring about the event. The horrible newB lately received from New Zealand has quickened public interest in the affairs of that country; though the Times declares that it cannot understand or nnravel the state of things which it presents. " If," it says, "New Zealand does us no ether service, it is destined to illustrate in the fullest and most striking manner the impassibility of go verning, negotiating, or commanding at the distance of the diameter of the earth." It disbelieves the statements made relative to the discord alleged to exist between Sir George Grey and General Cameron, believing that they know their duty too well to act in the manner ascribed to them, while it asserts that nothing has happened to disturb the impression " that there never was a wiser or sounder policy than that of calling upon the colony to bear a considerable portion of the expense of the imperial troops empl yed in New Zealand on its behalf. It has worked wonders in bringing the mind of the colonists to a sound and practical view of the question "between them and the natives on a subject on which all parties are agreed. . . Onr correspondent seems to apprehend that this force is too small for the purpose which it is intended to answer, to doubt whether England will suffer all her troops to be removed, and to incline to the opinion that they will be re tained with only a nominal payment for their support from the colouy. V?e cannot agree in any of these opinions. It see me to ub that New Zealand may very well defend herself: with such a force as is here contemplated, j if she will only adopt a policy- con formable to her altered situation." The writer deprecates any aggressive policy, and recommends one of "temporizing pro- i "crastination and delay." " Time fights for us. i "Without the aid of the bayonet and the rifle, dark and ill understood causes, over which we apparently have no control, are working out the gradual disappearance and destruction of the Maori race. For some reason or another the children are not brought up to supply the waste of the present generation. When the existing race of young warriors is gone, there will not, according to all appearance^ be another to replace tbem. Without the stain of blood-guiltiness, we are certain, if we will .only have a little patience, to see our present -difficulties disappear of themselves." Finally, the Times advises the colonists not to deceive themselves by supposing that any change will be made in the terms on which English troops will be left in New Zealand. The Daily News hopes that the despatches of Mr. Cardwell will put an end to the existing confusion and recrimination, but assures the Auckland people that it is useless for them to think of separating from the other provinces with a view of securing the retention of the imperial troops:—"The British Government has too mueh regard for the present and future welfare of the colony to encourage any project of secession. We may hope that when the irre vocable character of its resolution to withdraw its trsops has become known, all parties in New Zealand will unite to strengthen the Go vernment of the colony, which will then be far better aoalified than the Imperial Government to deal with the native difficulty and with every other question raised by this war. It will be for the interests of the colonists to treat the natives as neighbours, and in case of dis putes to we them as well as they deserve, and this is all that the best friends of the Maori can desire." During a recent trip to Scotland I saw in all the booksellers' windows photographs of the handsome face of Dr. Pntchard, who has during the month been toed and condemned lor the murder of hiB .wife and mother-in-law bv poison. There, has been podoubtin the publio mind as to his guilt, n0' 18 sympathy felt for the culprit, who has led a selfish and unscrupulous career, which will fitlv end on the gallows. He has made two confessions, but the man's restless vanity would not let him tell the whole truth at once, so he acknowledged to the murder of lus wife, but declared before God, as a dying man that be was innocent of the death of Mm- Taylor; yhifo foft jflpp made etatenafisate .intenflefe .to abate the heinousnees of tbe crime. Tet a few days later be makeB a second confession, and this time, it is to be hoped, tells the whole truth. In a few hours after these lines are written he will be in tbe presence of his angered Maker. The trial of Constance Kent, for the murder of her little brother, has also taken place, but those who expected to feast on all the details of a horrid crime have been disappointed. So, to% hare those who wished the Etev. Mr. Wagner and Miss dream to be badgered inte breaking i: the seal of confession." The un happy girl again pleaded guilty, deliberately and persistently, and the plea was received by the learned Judge, Mr. Justice Willes, who, in in a voice disturbed by the vio'eaee of his emotions, sentenced her to death. No one, however, supposed that the sentence would be executed.; nor, indeed, desired it. The fact that the crime was committed years ago, that she was then very young, and that she is condemned solely on licr own con fession, tcld in her favour; and as I write the announcement is made that the Home Secre tary has recommended that her sentence be commuted to one of penal servitude for life. There will be found in the newspapers letter of Inspector Whicher, written at the time of the abortive enquiries, which shows how accurate was the view taken of the case by that sagacious detective. I shall not lengthen this letter by describing the progress made in the laying down of the Atlantic telegraph; for the details will be read with interest all over the civilized world. Nor is there anything in relation to foreign polities which requires remark; and if I say the same tiling in respect to America it is because I speak relatively only, bearing in mind i the events of tremendous interest which I have hud to chronicle in former letters. The -con viction and execution of the men and the woman who were parties to the assassination of President Lincoln is not a small fact, and yet it is nothing in comparison with the destruc tion of armies. On the whole the American news leads one to look forward to the future with unabated bopefulnees. 