ELECTION" MEETINGS. V'MBl SULLIVAN AND MR. CASEY. AT " " EAGLEHAWK. A U 1 '. (BY OUR OWN REPORTER.) The Hon Mr Sullivan, Minister of Mines, and Mr. J. J. Casey, both the late representatives of Mandurang in the Legislative Assembly, met the electors on Wednesday evening last, at the Town hall, Eaglehawk. '- There were nearly 400 persons present, and \- these being in the main of opposite opinions respecting the candidates, the proceedings were noisy in the extreme ; nor could any of the speakers address the audience in any con J nected form. Mr. Charles Letheby, mayor of the borough, occupied the chair. The Chairman, in opening the proceedings, mentioned that he was a staunch supporter of the present Ministry. He hoped the most ing would not allow the bunkum of free trade, e, protection, and such nonsense, to divert their attention from the real question. , Mr. Sullivan (who was received with cheering said this was the sixth time within four and a half years that he had asked the electors of Mandurang to give him their confidence, and five times out of the six they had elected him, \- On an average, he had come before them every nine months, so that he had given the x electors ample opportunity to learn his views on the leading questions affecting the government of the country. To use a common a phrase, the electors had got the run of him. When last before them he had pretty distinctly enunciated the policy on which, in his opinion, the country should be governed, and by returning him to Parliament the electors had pretty distinctly endorsed those views as the correct ones. He had acted according to those views, and now appealed to the electors, confident that they would again endorse his own and his colleagues' acts. He appeared now under a most extraordinary concatenation of circumstances, which never 1 before occurred in any colony, and might never occur again for a lengthened period. Every man should pause and weigh the matter well; and on the electors devolved the very serious responsibility of saying how the country should be governed for the future, The Government now presented plain, distinct, and intelligible issues to the country and people should not therefore be led away by minor or secondary considerations, but look at the broad political question, and not at what a man might have done in building a bridge or making a road. What were these circumstances and why, after being elected for three years, only twelve months since, had he come again to ask for their suffrages so soon ? He had come as one of the Ministry, quite of his own accord, and without any pres sure, within or without. He came there because the Ministry thought the only course left , open to them to pursue was to come to the country for their verdict. That which had brought this about was the outrageous conduct of the Legislative Council-the unprecedented, scandalous, and senseless proceed kings of that body in rejecting the Appropria- tion Bill. (Uproar, cheering, and groaning ) Some gentlemen, it seemed, did not like to hear truth. This senseless throwing out of the Appropriation Bill was a thing un- heard of in all constitutional government (groans and cheers) and groaning would not alter the fact. It was one of the most revolutionary acts ever heard of in any colony and the wildest radical that ever gave utterance to his views in Victoria -in the Eastern Market 01 elsewhere-never propounded a doctrine so dangerous as that which the Legislative Council-that so-called conservative body-had put into practice. What was the consequence of that act? | (Uproar, and cries of .? Don't run down the Council, who are not here." He intended to run down the Council as much as he liked, and would not be deterred by these partial interruptions. (Uproar.) The Council had rejected the Appropriation Bill by laying it aside for several months, and then intimat- ing that they meant to reject it though he doubted much if they had so meant to reject it, for if they had wanted to reject It they might have done so. After that, what course could the Government take? After careful consideration and debate, they decided that there was only one which was honourable and not cowardly. To resign would have been cowardly. (Groans and cheers.) It was Im- material what small men might say, and there were men so mean, contemptible, and dishonest that in their view the Government could do nothing well. With the best and most disinterested majority any Government ever had at their backs, it would have been cowardly to abandon their position to a lot of men whom they felt in their souls were inimical to the best interests of the country. There were certain measures which the Ministry did not feel justified in trusting to a Government formed out of the Opposi- tion. That would be giving over to the enemy the power held in trust for the people. The only course was to appeal to the country and notwithstanding the flunkeyism of many, he had faith that the Ministry would be returned with a majority. He supposed there were men who could defend the action of the Legislative Coun- cil-some through Ignorance, some through a want of knowledge of constitutional practice, and some through an innate spirit of flunkeyism. Nobody would pretend to say that the House of Lords was not a body very superior to the Legislative Council of Victoria. The House of Lords consisted of highly-cultivated gentlemen, scholars, and men of the finest minds, and trained as statesmen. All that was grafted on that body came from the best men of the House of Commons. The Lords were the grandest body in the world-the House of Lords was the most august body of legislators on the earth; and so they; would never attempt to do what the Legislative Council had done. They would not attempt to throw the country into confusion by rejecting an Appropriation Act (A voice.-" The question is, did they do so ? ' It was a mere revolutionary proceeding (Uproar.) These were facts, and the country could draw the inference. What were the motives of the Council? It could not be believed that they would have acted so i they had not calculated on the support of a class of men outside. Just contrast the conduct of the House of Commons and certain members of the Legislative Assembly under somewhat similar circumstances. (Voices. "There is no comparison.") On one occasion Mr. Gladstone sent up a bill to the Lords to reduce the paper duty. The Lords rejected that bill. There was a powerful minority in the Commons opposed to that reduction of duties; but when the Lords ventured to reject that bill, man ob t every man in the Commons rallied round the Ministry in defence of the privileges of the Common! Those high-minded English gentlemen felt that it was not a question of free trade or protection, but of the privileges of the people as represented in the Commons Not more than half a dozen sustained the action of the Lords and it was surprising and incomprehensible to him that any ran in the colony, except those immediately into rested in the Upper House, could not attempt to sustain the action of the Legislative Council. For his part, in office or out of office, he should oppose such conduct utterly This insolent assumption of power should find in him the most determined antagonism and he-mistook the people of Victoria if the did not resent it. The action of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, except ing in the case of one man, whom he should name, was very different. This gentleman -was opposed to the tariff on conviction, but as soon as the Legislative Council rejected the bill he saw the question in its proper aspect and though opposed to the tariff, he also opposed the action of the Council. This was Mr. G. V. Smith, of -Beechworth. Why do not the others do the same ? Because the were a lot of bringing, time serving waite on Providence, and were always willing to su] i port anything that would bring them ml power. Why did the Council reject the tariff (Uproar.) Great stress had been laid on the power given to the Council to reject money bills; but let the question be dealt with as principle (Here the speech was interrupted for several minutes by an altercation in a body of the hall, and an abortive attempt I get up a ring for a fight.) It was very we known that, when that power was given, was to be a power to be held, but not used The abstract power was with the Lords I England, but when did they use it? M Gladstone, when the Paper Duties Bill was rejected, sent it back again in the budget the year; but the Lords did not venture I reject that budget, as the Legislative Count did. It was only intended that that power i rejection should be used in case of great emergency, and not as the Legislative Connc had used it. The best evidence of this was that given by one of their own body, the Hon Henry Miller, who in a conference on the Water Works Bill gave utterance to certain sentiments - which entirely governed the whole case-as to the use to be made of this power, viz., that if any bill passed the Assembly in such a shape as to be so outrageous and injurious that the whole feeling of the country was against it, then the Council should use that power. To quote Mr. Millar's words, it was when the salvation of the state required the exercise of this power." Was the tariff one of those cases on which the salvation of the country depended ? (Cries of "Yes," and "No.") Were these things to be measured -by unmeaning, stupid, senseless interruptions? (Groans and uproar.) He wanted to give reasons, and any man who would not listen to them was a pitiful slave, unworthy the franchise. It was this case with the Legislative Council that was the whole question at issue. (Interruption and a voice "We know all about that.") He would call that individual out. He would as soon address the poorest cur that crawled along the channels. (Uproar.) Here the Chairman, who had several times called for order before, did so again, but now had to wait several minutes before he could get a hearing. When moderate order was restored, he said (which was the fact) that for every one interruption from those opposed to Mr. Sullivan there were five or six from the other side. Mr. Sullivan resumed, and said that the opinion he had quoted had been also the opinion of Mr O'Shanassy, Mr. Fellows, and many others who now took part with the Legislative Council, and who had stated that the Legislative Council had decidedly ru right or power to deal with money bills. Such, indeed, had been asserted by every one. It must be so and if the people of Victoria expected to live as freemen, and exercise their suffrage, they must resist this assumption of power by the Council. What was the action of the Council? The action of that body heretofore in rejecting money bills had been a departure from the recognised constitutional practice. (Uproar, and cries of " No," and "Yes.") The man who said "No" was no doubt, a fine judge of constitutional law; Now, two or three years ago, when the late Government were in office they sent up a bill imposing a tax on bank-notes. If there was a legitimate subject for taxation it was bank- notes, which gave a large profit to a banking proprietary, who received all the benefits of police protection and of the laws, for which they did not pay one penny; and yet when they were asked to contribute a small portion to the revenue, the Council were, he (Mr. Sullivan) supposed, told by them that they must not pass the hill, and they did not pass it. What was the constitutional view of that? That was the charge he brought against the Council, that, instead of being actuated by a desire for the public good (Interruption and uproar. A voice "Turn him out.") Here Mr. Sullivan appeared to get excited, and said What do you say? Shut up. What are you talking about? Here's a lot of unmeaning gabble-I never heard the like. (Cries of " Keep your temper.") The Council rejected the Bank Notes Bill because (Here a prolonged interruption ensued.) Mr. Sullivan then proceeded to say that the interruption proceeded from about half-a-dozen persons who should be termed rather flunkeys than conservatives. They had the real flunkey disposition, and would worship anything that had wealth at the bottom of it. The desire of the flunkey mind was to bow down and worship Mammon. (Cheers, groans, and cries of "Rip it into them, Sullivan.") This was the class who supported the Legislative Council. They wore a flunkoy-minaed lot, that was what they were. (there followed uproar for several minutes ; two persons in the crowd, just under the platform, gesticulating wildly, but unheard in the din.) He had now dealt with that part of the subject and would simply draw attention to one a fact. It had been sedulously circulated by the Opposition, with the usual amount of truth that characterised them, that the Government were compelled to resort to a dissolution of Parliament. He gave that the most unqualified contradiction. It was the voluntary act of the Ministry, without any pressure from within or without. It had also been proved and howled against the Ministry that they were unconstitutional and revolutionary. This was said by a certain party who called themselves lovers of law and order. What were they? (interruption) Who were the men banded against the Ministry ? All that were opposed to the Ministry in 1801 -the squatters, bankers, and monopolists. How were they entitled to be called the lovers of law and order? Did they not remember the Mornington election, when all the tag-rag and bobtail were sent down, in the interest of Mr. Chapman, to overawe the electors? The "lovers of law and order were the same lot as that, and a few who had wriggled themselves into notoriety by that cry. They wore the employers of mediums and dummies, and would overawe the electors and buy members of Parliament if they could. He wished the country joy of the lot. They had reviled Sir Henry Barkly, traduced and insulted him, and ended by making him the most popular Governor the country had had, He (Mr. Sul- livan) despised their opposition. It was the miserable lot who called themselves lovers of law and order who now reviled Her Majesty's representative here there three feeble cheers were given for Sir Charles Darling) and the result would only he to make Sir Charles Darling as popular as his predecessor. They would always be in a minority, for the in all acts of the people would Bat them light. The people were not to be led away by the flunkeyism of conservatism. What the Ministry wanted was the opinion of the people. (Uproar.) Let the other side do their best ; he defied the lot of them. As he had said before he would not take up too much of their time, but would address them again What the Government intended to do was for the first time in the annals of history, to submit their fiscal scheme to the people. There was no vagueness about that; and then was not the ghost of a fear that the tariff would not be sanctioned by the people. (Cries of "Three cheers for the tariff." Cheers and groans ) No man need Bay, " I am in favour of the tariff with its incidental protection to native industry ;" the question at issue was " Are you in favour of that tariff ? " Having received the sanction of the people, the tariff would be sent up to the Council with out blotting a line or crossing a " t " more. the people were men with souls and bodies they would fight for that measure, and no be led away by the pretended lovers of law and order, who grudged the people everything they got. There were a lot of men in the country who called themselves free-traders but they had to hold their meetings with' closed doors. They had not the courage t face the people. They let people in by back ways, and then had the impudence to call the assemblages public meetings. Had any one a those meetings defined what he meant by the trade ? (Cries of " Yes!") Could any one point to an instance? (Cries of "Yes!") That was merely said like a parrot. (Groans and interruption.) He had expected those free-trader would lay down a platform, and say fairly tim they meant to make Melbourne a free port au abolish all Customs duties. Had these prefer any notion at all? of voice.-" Will you tell us what it is s") If they were against Our toms' duties, he would be glad to meet them There was something in saying that on they talked about England being a free-trade country, and he was astonished at their ages range in saying so. Was England, with it taxes on seventy-five articles, and everything the shape of breadstuffs subject to duty, free-trade country ? (Interruption.) He was speaking facts. It was only touters for pope larity who went to these meetings. The dared not admit the people, but only cowardly lot that got in at back doors. There was one little remark he would make. Those lovers of law and order and the Legislative Council quoted the case of the United State of America, where there were two legislative bodies the Assembly and the Senate, the Upper House, the Senate, having co ordinate powers, like those of the Council here. But they were ignorant of those days. They either did not know or would not tell that in And rica the power of taxing the people was give to those who were elected by the people and not by an insignificant portion b 10,000 out of the whole body of population in the United States the double Chamber were elected by the same constituency, an Whence came their right to regulate taxation If they wanted both Houses to regulate taxi tion, let them adopt the same system here but taxation without representation was win he held in detestation. He should not refer to any other subject. As their represented and the representative of the miners in Vi toria, called on to preside over that depar ment the most important in the state had attempted to do the best he could. I did not want their votes, however, for an; thing he had done and anything they Dalgi expect It was sufficient that during two and a half years in office he had effected some thing which the country had recognise (cheers; and calls of "Time, and "dosey. He wanted the people to be true to them selves, to fight their own battles, and the consequences, would be felt by themselves an their children for evermore. He had not so halfcrhat he wished to say, but would lead the rest for a future occasion. a Thflttmcloslon of Mr Sullivan's speech which had lasted, interruptions and all, nearly two hours was greeted with much cheering. Mr. Casey (who was received with cheers, ; but who was for many minutes inaudible because of the numerous interjected remarks of the crowd) than briefly addressed -the meeting. He asked for the support of the electors as a supporter of the Ministerial action in the matter of the tariff. That tariff was not altogether what he could wish, but he would not swerve one inch from the action he had taken in its support. In reply to a question. Mr. Casey said he did not consider the tariff as protective-, but he believed many of its items would have that effect. A large number of questions were also put to Mr. Sullivan, but most were of a trifling or local character. In reference to the water- works, he sold that surveys were going on for that purpose In most parts of the colony, and he hoped to be able to call for tenders for some of the heaviest works by the middle of ; next month. As to the six per cent, interest ; chargeable on the money advanced on their account, he had originally advocated eight per cent., leaving two per cent, as a sinking fund ; but finding that would press heavily on certain districts, he got the amount altered to six per cent., which was what the Government would have to pay for the money.' He denied that the credit of the Waterworks Bill belonged to any but the Ministry, and claimed to be himself the author of all that' was good in the new Mining 'Act. It was only an audacious and mendacious person who stated that all the liberal provisions in the Mining Bill were put in by the Opposition. As for the benefit the working miner could not from protection-Buppo»e he got none, fe did not work for himself alone, but he had children to look after, and no miner would think of bringing up his children to' follow that line of work. He (Mr. Sullivan) ; had gone through every phase of mining, from' fossicking with a Knife to being a' Mining Minister. (A voice "Where?") What was that to the speaker? (Ironical' cheers.) He was sure the miners were generous enough to support that which would benefit the rising generation. It would show how worthless was the complaint that the Government had interfered with the independence of the judges, when the Imperial Government had, in reply to those judges, endorsed the action taken by the Ministry. While the questions were being put the attention of the meeting was diverted for some minutes by a pitched battle in the centre of the room, between two persons well known in the locality. One party being vanquished, business was proceeded with Councillor H. Ayers proposed, and Mr. Shepherd, M.M.B., seconded, a motion pledging the meeting to support Messrs. Sul van and Casey. Councillor J. W. Williams, J.P., proposed, and Mr. J. T. Caldwell seconded, the following amendment "That this meeting is of opinion that the tariff proposed by the Government, and which Messrs. Sullivan and Casey state their determination to support, is opposed to the interests of the mining community and therefore, that those gentlemen are not competent to represent this consti- urgency." The question was put and, amid in- describable confusion, the motion was carried by a barely appreciable majority. The chairman said it was his belief that some had voted for both motions. The proceedings then terminated. Mr. J. D. WOOD FOR VILLIERS AND HEYTESBURY. (from the belfast gazette, dec 26.) Mr. Wood addressed a meeting of the electors at Noonan's Hotel, Dennington, on Wednesday evening last. He commenced by referring to certain charges which Mr. Smyth had that day made against him, at a meeting at the Victoria Hotel, Warrnambool. That gentleman had said that he (Mr. Wood) had been publicly accused of having, in conjunction with Mr. Ireland, caused the failure of Mr. Duffy's Land Act, by drafting it in a negligent manner, and that he never made any answer to this accusation. He (Mr. Wood) would not say that Mr. Smyth had made a statement which he knew to be false, but he had at all events made one which, if he had taken any trouble to inquire, he might have learned was false. When he (Mr. Wood), in October last year, addressed the electors of Warrnambool he spoke for nearly an hour, showing that he, as a lawyer, was not to blame for the failure of Mr. Duffy's Land Act ; his speech was reported at some length in the Warrnambool Examiner. The report was copied into The Argus, and on the 1st of November a leading article on the subject appeared in that journal, which was copied into the Examiner. Mr. Wood then referred to Mr. Smyth's complaint, that the nomina- tion had taken place at Caramut, instead of Warrnambool. Mr. Stevens had asked his opinion whether the nomination could take place at Warrnambool, and upon referring to the electoral Act he found that it could not, as it must be at some place within the electoral district. Mr. Stevens then telegraphed to Mr. Burke, the returning officer, referring him to the section of the act, and accordingly the nomination took place at Caramut, where it took place last year. Mr Smyth had also accused him of getting up a meeting, to prevent people attending his (Mr. Smyth's) at the Victoria Hotel. He had been told that a number of persons were anxious that he should address them ; he accordingly, shortly before four o'clock, spoke to them from one of the windows of the Commercial Hotel for a period of less than five minutes, expressly stating, as a reason for the brevity of his remarks, that he did not wish to interfere with the meeting which Mr Smyth was about to hold. He found that Mr. Plummer was the chairman of Mr. Smyth's meeting, and, he was told, had brought him forward, Last year, when he (Mr. Wood) was doubtful whether he should not stand for the Ovens, Mr. Plummer called upon him at his own house, and urged him to stand for Warrnambool. As he (Sir. Wood) had not changed his principles, he left the meeting to pronounce its opinion of the conduct of a man who was now opposing the very candidate whom last year he had induced to come forward. Mr. Wood then said that various issues were presented to the electors ; but the one great question was whether or not the law and the constitution should be broken by the Ministry with impunity. The electors were invited to support the Ministry as being a protectionist Ministry ; but in his address to the electors of East Melbourne Mr. M'Culloch had used these words, "I regret that an agitation for the imposition of protective duties has been raised here. Such a policy should meet with my uncom- promising opposition. The repeal of the Corn Laws in England has always appeared to me a death-blow to that system, which for so many years hung as a dead-weight upon the country and I thoroughly believe in the doctrine that the true policy for any country is to buy in the cheapest and sell in the dearest markets." Mr. Michie, in his celebrated lecture at the Exhibition-building, had declared himself so much a free-trader as not to approve of the exceptional case put by Mr. Mill and Mr. Higinbotham had said last year at Brighton, that if the Ministry abandoned free trade he for one would cease to belong to it. It was, therefore, merely attempting to hoodwink the protectionists to call on them to support a protectionist Ministry. Mr. Wood then pointed out that the tariff would not have encouraged colonial industries, referring to the duty on salt, which operated as a direct discouragement to the trade of salting meat. Although not a protectionist himself, if protection was to be given to other classes he would give it to the farmer also. He then referred to the question of reform of the Legislative Council, point- ing out that a majority of the members present voted in favour of the bill introduced by the Government, but that it had not become law, since it contained, in addition to the provisions for reducing the qualifica- tions for members and electors, a clause shortening the term for which members are elected from ten years to five. This clause required, according to the Constitution Act, to be assented to by an absolute majority of the whole number of members and as there were not sixteen members in favour of the bill, it had fallen to the ground. If a bill were introduced without the clause, it would be carried. Mr. Wood denied that his object in seeking a seat in the Assembly was to endeavour to effect a repeal of the Land Act. Whether the people of the country were in favour of free trade or protection, they should unite in condemning any violation of the law. British subjects had always been able to obtain whatever they desired by lawful means. He illustrated this argument by a reference to Roman Catholic Emancipa- tion, the Reform Bill, and the repeal of the Corn Laws. The leaders of the Legislative Council had declared that if the people were in favour of protection the Council must give way. From the 20th January to the 28th November certain duties had been imposed and other duties had not been collected without j any legal authority for collecting the one class or omitting to collect the other. The Supreme Court had decided that the resolutions of the Legislative Assembly could not legalise the collection of duties, but the Ministry collected them notwithstanding. if the Ministry had sent the Tariff Bill to the Council as rapidly as possible it might probably have been assented to, 83 there were many members in favour of it. If so, all would have been well. If, on the other hand, the Council had rejected the bill, the Ministry, if it had thought the bill of great importance, might have done at the beginning of the year what it had done at the end of it dissolved Parliament, and taken the opinion of the country. What had been the consequence of the illegal conduct of the Ministry The duties on tea, sugar, opium, &c;, not collected amounted to £96.871 12. The importers, knowing they were legally liable to pay the balance, had no doubt taken care to indemnify themselves, and these articles, as they all knew, were not sold cheaper, while the revenue had suffered to a great amount. Of the £96,87112s" £35,071 Os. 2d. had been secured by boude, but no attempt had been made to enforce payment of the bonds. The Chief Secretary's firm, M'Culloch, Sellar, and Co., owed the people of this country £1,952 17s. upon these bonds The firm of James Henty and Co. owed £2,178 5s. 3d. upon these bonds, and It was a curious fact that two members of that firm, Mr. James Balfour and Mr. Henry Henty, who had never until the present cases taken any prominent part in political movements, were now candidates for the Assembly, and spoke loudly in favour of its privileges.. If they were returned, and the Ministry retained office, then patriotism would be rewarded by their not being called upon to pay to the state the money they owed it. It was said that the Council should not reject a money bill, but the Constitution Act expressly gave it the power to do so, although it was prohibited from amending one. The House of Lords had the power, and had lately exercised it, of rejecting a money bill in the United States, and in the separate states of the Union, the Senate or Upper House could not only respect but also amend a money bill. It would be very unfortunate if the Council could not reject a money bill. If the Assembly chose to pass a bill giving each of its member a salary of £1,008 a year, or any higher amount that might be named, would it not be monstrous if the Council could not reject it? If a majority of the Assembly passed a bill imposing a tax of 10s. an acre upon all lands, would not the farmers petition the Council to reject it? Might not money bills be passed as hastily as other bills? And why was not the power of exercising a veto upon such bills to be exercised The use of an Upper House was to prevent all kinds of hasty legislation. "The Ministry had also acted illegally in spending the public money without the authority of an act of Parliament. If such a power were conferred upon the present Ministry, it could be exercised by any succeeding Ministry. The present Ministry had no doubt spent the money for purposes which Parliament would have sanctioned; but another Ministry might spend it in a way Parliament would be very much opposed to. If the Ministry had power to borrow money from a bank and charge the revenue with the amount, it could do so in direct opposition to the wishes of the Assembly. Under pretence of asking the people to support the Assembly against the Council, the Ministry was really asking that powers might be given it which might be hereafter used against the Assembly. Mr. Wood then referred to his having been for three years member for Warrnambool, and to no complaints having ever been made of his having neglected to attend to the local interests of that town and promised that, if elected, he would equally attend to the local interests of Villiers and Heytesbury. After he had concluded, a vote of confidence in him was carried, and the meeting dissolved, after passing the usual vote of thanks to the chairman. MR. KERFERD AT YACKANDANDAH. (FROM THE OVENS AND MURRAY ADVERTISER.) According to public notice, Mr. G. B. Kerferd met the electors of Yackandandah on Friday evening last, The meeting took place in the assembly-room, and was well attended, there being about 200 persons present, some of whom, however, arrived rather late. Mr. Kelly, of Twist's Creek, was called to the chair, and introduced Mr. Kerferd to the meeting. Mr. Kerferd, who was very warmly received said Mr. Chairman and gentlemen, I have great pleasure in appearing before you, the electors of Yackandandah, to- night, to render an account of my conduct whilst I held office as a member of Parliament for the Ovens district. I came up to spend my holidays in the district, and whilst I was here the Governor, under the advice of the Ministers of the Crown, dissolved the House ; so that the trust you were pleased to place in my hands just a year ago now reverts back to you. I am, therefore, called upon now at this stage to render an account of my stewardship. I believe this district has never been more faithfully served than by Mr. Smith, in a local point of view. (Cheers.) I have received letters from various quarters in reference to various local matters that required attention, and you will know whether I attended to them, This district has never received a fair share from the revenue of the colony, to which you had contributed be largely and when I took my seat I became fully impressed with the consciousness that the important position which this district has attained was entirely unknown and unrecognised. It is, therefore, all the more gratifying to me, and I am sure to my colleague also, to find that we have given considerable satisfaction to the electors of this district. (Cheers,) With regard to the political questions of the day, I have certainly \- sat on one side of the House and Mr. Smith on the other ; but I Bay this, that until we have a fair share of representation in Parliament we are practically excluded from exercising our political rights and whilst I feel strongly on the present political crisis, I am still compelled to admit that to obtain a recognition of thorequirementsof this district is what we mainly/want in a representative. I stated to you a year ago my opinions on the various questions then at issue, and I am happy to say that these opinions were formed after mature deliberation, and, with one exception, I have since found no solid reason to change them. With this one exception, the opinions I held their I hold now. The point on which I feel some doubt is with regard to the payment of members. If by payment of members it is possible to get a better class of members, I would have no hesitation in voting for it. If it could be shown me that the system would give us a better class than were returned at the last election ; or, if I have the honour of being returned, I find in the next Parliament men of ob low a standard as some of the late members, I would support it. I think this stop would be justified, if, after repeated trials, we find the proper men will not come forward. The House, as it assembled a year ago, was so constituted that it was impossible for any reasonable man to doubt that Parliament would soon have to be dissolved, and distinct issues put to the country. The revision of the tariff, for instance, meant anything or nothing. It was almost impossible for any Government to exist under such circumstances, except by compromise. They had one section of the House protectionists, another free-traders, and both ready to go all lengths in favour of these doctrines. The Government was not strong enough without one of these parties, and it became a question whether they should ally themselves with the free-traders and in order to do this they must resign and allow the protectionists to form a Government-or effect a compromise with the protectionists. They preferred the latter, and you know with what success. The first measure of the Government was the Land Act. I stated to you various objections to it; but I said I would support the Government on certain modifications being made, and I did support them, as you will see by Hansard, except on one or two occasions and you will see by Mr. Higtn hotham's speeches that the principal amendments were made by members of the Opposi- tion side of the House. I am not prepared to say how far the Land Bill has proved a success, or how far it has succeeded in placing the people on the lands of this country. It would perhaps be premature to give a decided opinion on these points. A year ago I said, if returned, I would endeavour to obtain the rental to be part payment of the purchase money ; an attempt was made, but without success, to carry out that view during the passage of the bill. It is plain that the price of the land was in the first instance but a small portion of the cost of bringing the land under cultlvation;anditbecomosa grave question whether many of the persons who have lately taken up land will be able to find suffer silent capital to- fence in, clear, crop, and Supply themselves with farming implements, and wait three years before they can obtain a title to the land. Many persons wish to obtain a loan and to give the farm as security, I _ to tide them over a bad harvest till they have a chance of retrieving themselves by the next ; but their lease offers no such security. Another difficulty is, how few persons who really want land can got it. At Wangaratta, for instance, the other day, I heard that 600 persons attended to select land, but only about sixty persons got a chance of selecting, and several of these were not bona-fide selectors. If we could defeat those speculators, it would be a great thing. The Gold-fields Act fell to the lot almost exclusively of the mining members. It occupied a long and weary time in passing through the House, and I was doubtful if it would pass at all. The Minister of Mines abandoned in this bill his idea of a central board, although several members from the gold fields were prepared to support it. It was proposed to strike out the payment of members of the mining board. I resisted this, on the ground that the class of persons who serve on the mining boards are practical miners, and cannot afford to lose their time. Another proposition in the original bill was, that no person should be entitled to reside on the gold-fields unless actually engaged in gold mining. 'I put this question in the House, "What will the miners themselves do if you do not permit butchers and bakers and storekeepers to settle among them?" The Minister of Mines admitted that it would be unwise to exclude these persons, and the clause was altered. I > fear the new bill will give rise to a great litigation. It is doubtful whether an equitable jurisdiction to the Courts of Mines will be of much use in this district, as the system of mining will scarcely require it. This equity machinery is taken from Ballarat and Sandhurst; in fact, the bill seems to have been framed from a Ballarat, Sandhurst, and Castlemaine point of view, and no doubt the Minister of Mines thought that what was suitable for these places was suitable for all the gold-fields. This district has distinct peculiarities in mining from many others, such as ground sluicing, and ground washed away by hydraulic pressure. The next important matter to which I wish to refer, and perhaps the most important question for this district, is water supply A measure wnsbrought in by the Government for this purpose, and several of the provisions were carried against the mining members who did not represent the district of the Coliban, although some of their suggestions were embodied in the bill. Their first attempt was to carry out the Coliban scheme for the supply of Sandhurst and Castlemaine; but they know quite well that a loan must be raised, and to carry this it would be necessary to make a show of supplying the other gold-fields. Wo resisted, and were determined to oppose it unless every other portion of the colony received its share. Under the pressure we brought to bear upon the Ministry they came down withascaedule ; £100,000 was set aside for the Ovens district, and it was rendered impossible for the Minister of Mines to appropriate that sum to any other portion of the general scheme. But we are asked to guarantee six or eight persons. in the first instance, to secure our water scheme. It was pointed out that men who had costly vineyards, using little or no water, and upon whom the rates would fall heavily, would not allow themselves to be rated while a man with a larga ground sluice, living in a hut worth ten shillings a year, was getting all the benefit of the water. The gold duty would, if set aside and landed, he more than sufficient to carry out a water scheme, and gradually pay off both the principal and interest on the outlay, It would have been an equitable way of effecting the object, and but for the members of Ballarat and Sandhurst we should have been able to carry it through. The reduction of 6d. an ounce did not actually benefit the miner at all, but the companies, and in that respect the abolition of the export duty on gold was a mistake. Another very important matter is railway communication. Now I proposed that a committee should be appointed to inquire into the matter ; but the Government opposed the committee-why, I know not. In fact, that committee has only cost the country £9 for witnesses, and £80 or £40 for printing. Well, we got the committee, in spite of the Government, and we reported favourably to the construction of the line ; but although we got no further, on account of the dead-lock, yet I look forward to being able to follow the matter up to a successful issue if you do me the honour to return me. I believe that at the end of this year the existing railways will, after clearing off all expenses-in spite of the extravagant cost of construction and, to some extent, mismanagement which distinguishes them-pay something like five and a quarter per cent, on the loan ; so that the country will only lose about half per cent, for so great a boon as railway communication. I come now to another question of considerable im- portance-the question of the tariff. I brought with me a copy of Hansard, in order to read to you that portion of the Governor's speech which has reference to this point, and I would request your paying particular attention to what I am about to read Extract from the Governor's speech, November 29, 1894 :-" Your early attention will also be called to a measure having for its purpose the re- adjustment of the tariff. It is proposed by my advisers that the revenue to be collected through the medium of the Custom-house shall be levied partly by reduced duties upon objects already chargeable, and partly by duties moderate in amount on various com- modities which as yet have been altogether exempt from taxation. The effect, it is conceived, of this proposed measure will be to decrease the burdens of taxation hitherto borne by the mining and other industrious classes, and to distribute it more equally among all classes of society." I hesitate not to say that, if the tariff had been for that purpose, it would have been law at this day. But how far has it reduced your burdens ? The reductions proposed were 3s. a cwt. on sugar, 3d. per lb. on tea, Gd. an ounce on gold, and 10s. a lb. on opium which I don't suppose you consume. With regard to the reduction on sugar, it would amount to just one- third of a penny per lb. and can any one show how the consumer will receive the benefit? It will be felt by those who purchase in large quantities, but certainly not by the consumer; and yet that alone lost the revenue £50,000. No doubt the consumer might be benefited by the reduction on tea in towns like Melbourne where a copper currency existed; but such would not he the case here and throughout the country generally, where tea was either 2s. 6d. or 3s. a lb. Well, the reductions on these items cost the revenue £100,000. And that loss was to be met by a duty on every single article the miner uses or consumes, on everything he wears, from the top of his head to the sole of his foot his boots, his pick, his shovel, his clothes and those of his family, all were taxed, and I, therefore, felt it to be my duty to oppose that tariff to the utter- most. (Cheers.) It was stated at the last general election that the object of the reduc- tions was to prevent the loss to the revenue which would accrue from goods coming through by Adelaide and New South Wales at a less duty. That argument would scarcely hold good so long as the goods had to make the journey from Melbourne to Adelaide, and thence by the Murray to Victoria, before they could get the benefit of the lessor duty. But admitting the full force of the argument that it was possible to bring a chest of tea, and evade 10s. of duty by that route, does it not at once strike you as an utter absurdity to use it as a ground for increasing the number of articles upon which an evasion of duty could take place? Whilst we have border line drawn arbitrarily across the map, it will be impossible for us to adjust our tariff so as to meet the other colonies. For my own part, I am glad we have no protection. I believe in the principle of free trade. Why should we have a shoe manufactory, where men would be confined for eight or ten hours a day, while that very labour could be employed in vineyards, in cultivating the hill-sides, in developing our quartz reefs and working at the sluice box, and other industries? While we have plenty of employment for Bach men ready to hand in all parts of the colony, why should we raise a shoe manufactory to provide work for them? I cannot understand it, and until I can I will never agree to foster any industry while we can employ men on the natural resources of the country, and while have the world as a market for our produce. [The Ovens and Murray Advertiser states it has been compelled to hold over a portion of Mr. Kerferd speech until its next issue.] A Sabbatabian.-Some time ago a young man when travelling on a border moor one Sunday, saw a fine salmon lying in a shallow stream. Owing to the sanctity of the day, conscientious scruples would not permit him to kill the lonely and helpless fish, although he was exceedingly anxious to get it into his possession. His ingenuity, however, hit upon what he seemed to consider a very safe compromise. Seizing the salmon, he carried it away to a retired pool, and there built a dry stone dyke around it, so that it might remain secure and unmolested until he found a convenient opportunity during the week to return for his fine prize. His scheme succeeded in a few days he returned, and, free from all Sabbatarian pangs, took possession of the much-coveted salmon, which he found safe and sound.-Ktln Mail, . 