Last night's proceedings in tho Assembly exhibited tho Ministry in what is OTen for them a strango and humiliating light. Moeling tho Legislature for tho first time after their unparalleled proceedings in overreaching nnd overstraining tho Cus toms laws within tho last few days, they had not ono word of explanation to offer to Parliament either in extenuation of their misconduct or in rcfcrcnco to tho courso they mean to take in tho future. They have resuscitated an obsolete and all but defunct law — tho Units of Entry Act — for the purpose of enforcing oppres sive Customs charges which haro not been contemplated, or approved of by tho present Parliament. And they have omittod to collect tho full duties, viz., those on tea, sugar, opium, etc., which are prescribed by the existing law, and which form proper and legitimate brnnchcs of tho public revenue. They hnvo dono all these things in the course of two or threo days, which havo elapsed siuco tho Houso last met, and solely by tho mere fiat of Ministers themselves and without any reference whatovcr to tho will of Parlia ment. Indeed, although the two Houses are in session, tho Parliament was as com pletely ignored by the Ministry in these high-handed irregularities, as if theroworo no such institution in the country, as a Legislature. Nevertheless, when askod what they had to say in reference to this most unheard of way of oonducting'the pub lic affairs of a constitutional country, tho Ministry had to he prossed over and over again before they would vouchsafe nn ex planation to our_ " Commons- House of Parliament." Ministers in fact seemed to resent being questioned 'in tho Assem bly on tho subject. Either their ignorance of tho usages of Parliament nnd of tho Tirtlita nrt/1 nVlicrnf Jrm Vtnfrli nf "iVfinicf nia and members of tho Legislature, as repre sentatives of tho pcoplo, or their belief that they may safely do as they like just now, ia the most important matters of public concern and constitutional law, or perhaps both these together, scorn to make Mr. M'Cutx,ocn and his colleagues treat all their responsibility to Parliament as nn absurdity, and regard all who try to enforco that responsibility as guilty of an impertinence. There was no othor moan ing to be got out of Mr. M'Cullocii's snappish refusals nt explanation last even ing. And when at last tho pertinacity of some hon. members on tho Opposition Benches did unearth Mr. Francis, and that gentleman was fairly sot a-going ia his explanations, what did they amount to? Why that he (Mr. Francis) regarded the resolution of the Assembly upon which the rrduccd tca- nnd-sugai! duties in tho rejected tariff were originally based, as still in force, notwithstanding that the bill ombodying that resolution had been thrown out bv the Legislative Council ! W as there over beforo so much ignorance and pro- sumption couched in so few words ? Tho ground of tho assumption too was not loss extraordinary, namely that whilst the ses sion lasted tho resolution" remained in foroc. Thero is in this something so il- logicnl, und such an utter want of per ception, as tho nature, force, and neces sity of the different, observances practised by Parliament in onacting a law of finance,' whether of revenue, or expenditure, that it would be a wholly hopeless task to try and educate, within tho compass of a newspapor articlo, tho Commissioner of Customs or those of his followers who ac cepted his statomont, into a correct know ledge of tho legitimate action of Parlia ment in such matters. Suffice it to say that it is a gross error to suppose that the resolutions of the Assembly, upon which the rejected tariff was founded, possess any longer any force or efficacy whatever, after tho hill of which thoy formed the foundation has been rejected by Parlia- liamont and lias bcoomo numbered with tho dead. And such resolutions, now effete and of no avail, eon no more authorise a Minister to levy tho .rejected duties. «rjginnlly spooiflod in them, than tho ropcflled and forgotten ciiniinal law of former days, can now authoriso a judgo to hang a man for shoop stealing. However, .this useless and exploded resolution of tho Logialativo Assembly, which is now " doad nnd gono," is cited as tho authority which empowers Mr. Francis to colioct tho reducod dutio's on tea, sugar, opium, dried fruits, and gold exports. Wo can scarsoly bring ourselves to, boliovc that ho roally imagines thoro is any officaoy whatevor in this ghost of a resolution. Ho cannot possibly bo so ignorant, so dulj in his perceptions, so wrong-hoadod and illogioal in hia views and opinions. It is more to tho point to supposo that ho has not tho pluck, and does not know how to bring himsolf to reimposo tho old and legal duties, and -thus confess himself and his colloaguos beaton, notwithstanding all their inflated protensions. Aud for want of any better excuse for maintaining the reduced dutios, ho was obliged to havo recourso to tho assumption that tho Assembly's resolution was still in force. " 'Twas pitiful, 'twas wondrous pitiful," this exhibition of Ministerial blunder, bewilderment, and bungling misstutemout. But, as a low words of explanation will show, tho cause is not far to soek. . The Ministry aro at last brought to n stand-still in their schemes. Thoy find they cannot go on any longer in tlio old groove of defying and threatening tho Council and breaking tho law under pro- tenco of carrying on tlio Government. Thoy feol thoy hare come to the end in that direction. And tlicy are anxious to turn into a now path, where thoy may con tinue successfully to follow up the gama of retaining thoir woll-paid offices and amusing thoir followors in tho Assembly at tho samo time with tho show of working hard for liberal progress. But their fol lowors in tho Assombly — tho hitherto obsequious majority — aro not prccisoly struck with admiration at, or filled with approval of, tho now path which Ministers proposo to ontor upon. Indood, thoy differ with Ministors altogether upon tho matter. This split in tho camp, it appears irom tno statements matte in tne ussomoiy last ovening, bocamo oonspicuon3 for tho first time at tho caucus brought togethor in tlie Chief Secretary's Office yesterday, to discuss tho naturo of tho now move which tho rojootion of the tariff rondera necessary. Tho Ministry aro tired, as well thoy may bo, of failuros over follow ing upon their desperate efforts aftor " stunning " effects in tho demonstration style of Government ; and thoy soo that they must soon give up all hope of pro longing thoir tenure of place and pny, if they do not introduco a change of per formance. In fact, thoy percciro tho necessity for coming out in a now sot of characters, altogether different from the Rovolutionary-Frotectionist Ministerial role, and thoy want " tho majority to pay the oxpense of mounting and bringing out the now pioco in public. Thoy dosiro, in a word, to send up the Appropriation Bill to the Council for immediate onactmont, then to closo tho session, dissolve Parlia ment, and appeal to the country in a general oleotion, on tho newly-adopted party question of Protootioa v. Free- trade, as tho futuro basis of the fiscal policy of tho oonntry. " Tho majority," who havo gone through tho trouble and oxpenso ot an eleotion only twelve or fourteen months ago, and many of whom are doubtful of being again roturnedj ex press themselves averse to this new move of the Ministry. And thoir dissent caused the caucus of yesterday to breakup "in fclm mosf. ndmirf»d diQnrilAr." without ivnv- thing definite being docided on. A second gathering, which it is said is to take place to-day, may lead to somo more settled conclusions. And tho Ministry are evi dently not without hope on this score. They have got the Assembly adjourned to Thursday, when doubtless thoy expect to havo cajoled " the majority" into giving thoir permission to tho introduction of the Appropriation Bill, as tlio first stop towards tho dissolution. However they have been baulked so far in their schemes hy the refusal of tho members of tho caucus to consent to their own self-sacrifice for tho Ministerial benefit. And this made them sulky and unprepared to meet the strictures of tho Oppo sition. Thoy had oxpected to bo able to drown all oensure by tho startling an nouncement that they had brought in tho Appropriation Bill, as tho first step to wards a dissolution and a general olootion. And though thoy hope still to be able to announce this courso in a day or two, still tho first 'show of an independent judgment on the part of their supporters, and tho reluctanoo of the lattor to ho offored up as a propitiatory sacrifice for tho Ministerial solvation, threw their schemes into suoh confusion, that thoy had to take refuge in a surly display of mysterious silonco upon thoir lato fiscal doiugs, and, as a desperate resort, to put up Mr. Francis, as tho scape-goat to bear all the ridicule and scorn attaching to their misconduot. Tito revolutionary manoeuvres, howovcr, it is clear aro nt an end. Hioinbotham is used-up. And tho M'Culbocii Ministry forced_ in spito of themselves to walk in a straightforward path, will be suro, from tho fact of their having to nbandon their crooked courses, to terminato thoir wriggling career in dis graceful failure. Conshlerabla excitement prevailed in Mel bourne yesterday, In consequence ot n report that the Ministry had resigned. As will be seen from our report of the Legislative Assembly, there was no truth in tho rumour, although the position of the Government ia, no doubt, ex tremely critical. A Cabinet Council was held yesterday morning, end nt its oioae a caucus of the Ministerial supporters took placo at the Chief Secretary's office. The Ministry appeared anxious to dissolve Parliament, but to this tbelr supporters, who de natoppenr at all -anxious to meet their cenatltuouts, demurred, and the meriting broke up without any conclusion be'ng nrrived et. It is understood that the Governor is anxious that the Appropriation BUI should be passed without any further delay, hut that neither the Ministry nor their supporters feel inclined to carry out his Excellency's wishes. Another caucus is, we understand, to bo held to-day. The Legislative Assembly yesterday adjourned until to-mofrow, upon which dsy also tlie Council will meet. Tho Assembly lias now been in first met on the28tli of November last. Tho lion, the Speaker of tlio Legislative Assembly lias been suffering, from n sevore attack of sciatica. It was with difficulty that he wa3abls to walk across the House yesterday- to assume his place in the chair. In -the Legislative Assembly yestordsy, on attempt wos made, but without success, to extort from the Government a statement as to the course which they intended to pursue with reference to tlio collcctipn of Customs duties. A short debate took place, but the , Information upon the. point afforded by the Commissioner of Customs was very meagre Indeed. It seems that the great case of Cornish and Bruce against the Queen, on account of the railway contract, is not to be tried " at bar;" but to be submitted to arbitration. A state ment to that effect was made by Mr. Higin- botham in the Legislative Assembly yesterday. The withdrawal of certain allotments in agricultural areas situate in the parishes of Wyuna, Taripta, Ravenswood, Mandurang, and Shelburne is proclaimed in yesterday's Gazette. The reason assigned is that in each case more than one-half of the run had been proclaimed open for selection. Surely, after the promise made by Mr. Grant in Parliament, no more than one-half of any run should have been thrown open. Should Mr. Randall resign his seat for North Grenville there will be a very keen contest for the honour of filling it. We have already an- nounced that Mr. Embling will come forward as candidate, and the Geelong Register now states " that in anticipation of the retirement of Mr. Randall, an active canvass is already being made on behalf of Mr. Service, who, in the event of the vacancy occurring, will be opposed to an old Geelong resident, and a thorough Pro tectionist, Mr. N. Gilbert." The last of the Customs actions involving the legality of the collection of duties under the tariff resolutions of the Assembly, was tried yes terday in the Supreme Court ; the plaintiffs being W. Watson and Sons. The Jury gave a verdict for the sum sued for. Mr. Justice Williams at the close of the trial congratulated Mr. Billing on the wonderful vitality he had manifested during the hearing of the cases in supporting tho position taken up by the Crown. A reward of L100 is offered for such informa- tion as shall lead to the conviction of the person or persons guilty of setting fire to a quantity of straw in the yard of Messrs. John end Thomas Ogilvie, at Ascot, about 11 o'clock on the night of the 24th ult. Half the reward is offered by the Messrs. Ogilvie and half by the Govern- ment. By the Alexandra we have Sydney papers to the 18th inst., but this news bas been anticipated by telegraph. The Bank of Victoria were defendants in an action tried yesterday in the Supreme Court, in which they were charged with having unlawfully caused Mr. A. M'Kersie, a squatter, to be ar- rested. Mr. M'Kersie owned a station in New South Wales, but being in embarrassed circum- stances in August last, he came to Melbourne to arrange his affairs. Tne bank and Messrs. Dal. Campbell and Co. required him to execute a deed of assignment, which he refused unless upon certain stipulations in favour of other cre ditors, which the bank declined to permit. Mr. M'Kersie was then served with a writ at the suit of the bank, and arrested under a writ of capias till he found bail to answer the action. The capias was issued by the Chief Justice on affadavits that Mr. M'Kersie intended to leave the colony, but it was afterwards discharged as contrary affadavits were made by him. The question tried yesterday was whether the bank authorities really believed that plaintiff intended to depart from the colony. A verdict was given for the plaintiff for L750. A deputation from the Melbourne and Hob- son's Bay United Railway Company and the Emerald Hill Borough Council yesterday at tended at the Land Office, and submitted the plans for the construction of the culvert in a line with Moray street. The plans had been agreed to by the council, and they had also consented to pay any expense that might be incurred beyond the L1500 set apart for the purpose. The meeting of subscriber to the Melbourne Hospital, convened for yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of confirming alterations in a by-law, lapsed let want of a quorum. Considerable annoyance, is (the Star is in formed) expressed by the farmers of the Lear- month and surrounding districts at the deter mination of the Lands Department not to alter the day appointed for the next selections of land, viz., the 20th December next, notwithstanding tbe strenuous protests made in that behalf by farmers all over the colony, who at the time named will be just in the busiest time of the harvest, and in many instances will be unable to leave home to attend the land offices. Under such circumstances it is probable that the dummy system may come into vogue among farmers as well as among squatters, as a farmer unable to attend himself may not improbably send a ser vant in his place rather than forego his, chance in the scramble. A case involving the reputation of a Mr. Thomas Craig, a retired ironmonger, was tried at the St. Kilda Police Court yesterday. He was charged, on the information of a nurse-girl, with exposing his person in the local Botanic Gardens. Ths magistrates sentenced him to one month's imprisonment, An appeal was lodged by Mr. Aspinall, who was the counsel for tbe defendant. The particulars will be seen by our report. Another miner has lost his life through ex treme recklessness in blasting. The Ballaarat Star says: — "An inquest was held by the dis trict coroner, on Monday, at the Creswick Dis trict Hospital, on the body of Richard Jeffrey Vivian, aged 23 years. From the evidence of James Roberts it appeared that the deceased and witness were working in the No. 5 level of the Clunes United Company, and had on Thursday night, 3rd November, set fire to two blasts; one of these having missed fire, deceased went in to relight it and then came out. After having waited about half an hour they both went in to see why the blast had not exploded, and seeing no appearance of the fuse being on fire proceeded to redrill the hole. Deceased was holding the drill, while Roberts was at his side striking it. They had gone through the tamping, and on to the powder, when deceased exclaimed, " I am not afraid of it now, mate." He had no sooner said so than the blast went off, knocking down Roberts and blowing out tbe candles, thereby leaving them in total darkness. Roberts was, with the exception of a few scratches about the face, uninjured, and after recovering from the momentary alarm called to the deceased. Re- ceiving no answer, he went into the next level and told the men there of the accident, where upon the deceased was speedily removed to the surface, and the attendance of Dr. Robinson procured. Roberts said that in his opinion the fuse was burning while they were drilling the tamping, as owing to the hole being in slate and sandstone reef no sparks were likely to be caused by the operation of drilling, and the hole was also kept wet all the time. Stephen Richards, the mining manager, said in his evidence that so far from the men being justified in going to drill out a hole within half an hour after it missing fire, they had no right to be near it within at least six hours, and that he had frequently warned the men in the mine about doing so. It was also much safer to pick out a hole than to drill it out. The jury returned a verdict — ' That the deceased had died of exhaustion from the injuries received hy the explosion of a blast, on 3rd November, while at work in the claim of the Clunes United Company, Clunes.' " "The lambing in the north of New South Wales," says the Pastoral Times, "has been favourable. On the vast pastoral country abut ting the Queensland boundary, or northern Riverine, on the Condamine, it has been equal to past seasons, and there can be little doubt that we shall be compelled to have recourse to those highly favoured districts for a supply of young ewes to fill the places of those lost in southern Riverine from drought. At Cogoon, near Condamine, the lambing was on the average 96½ to 98½." " The late rains seem," remnrks the Star, " to have caused a great improvement in wheat and oat crops; the latter, "however, except in some few instances, look anything but promising. At Newlyn — where, by the way, very few oats have been sown — the wheat is looking very well indeed, and particularly be on the farms of Messrs. Yelland and Prendergast. Of. fruit there is good promise, and in the garden of Mr. Pascoe, at the Belle Vue hotel, the trees, par ticularly gooseberries and currants, are breaking down with fruit, and have to be supported by forks. At Bullarook the wheat looks very well, but the oats, except in some few instances, are decidedly light. At Mount Prospect sowing of wheat seems to have been the rule, and oats the exception, and the former crop looks particularly fine; the potatoes seem healthy, but the carrots and mangolds are very indifferent. On Smeaton plains the hot wind on Saturday week caused a great deal of harm, tbe wheat in various in stances, particularly on the farm of Mr. R. Kemp, having been completely withered from the upper part of the ear downwards. The oats seem, since the last rains, to have received some additional vitality, but are still very short. Potatoes without more rain will be a complete failure. . At Tourello, both wheat and oats are, on ths average, looking well ; but the potatoes very badly. At Glendonald the wheat and oats are both looking very healthy and promising, but the root crops just the reverse." A man named John M'Kensie, well known to the police as a most accomplished thief, was brought before the Emerald Hill Bench yester day morning, and sentenced to three months' imprisonment, for stealing a pair of boots from J. Street, a local storekeeper. A correspondent from the Western District informs us that since the dry weather set in an unusually large number of ibis and white cranes, rarely seen, have been observed in the neigh- bourhood of the swampy grounds. By advices brought to Melbourne by the last mail it appears that a " Colonial Club" has been established in the west end of London for the use of gentlemen connected with the colonies, or interested in questions affecting them. It has been decided that every person proposed as a member shall satisfy the club committee of his connection with, or interest in, some colonial British possession. The entrance fee for the first 300 members is to be 20 guineas, and for all future members 30 guineas. The annual subscription is five guineas, but gentlemen absent from Europe are exempt from the latter payment. A meeting of the Colonial Club was held at 70, Brook street, Hanover square, in August, and the following gentlemen were an nounced as having consented to act as members of an ad interim committee; — The Marquis of Normanby, Sir Arthur Rumbold, Sir Daniel Cooper, Arthur Hodgson, Esq., General Brooke, R.A., C.B. ; Mr. H. Lobb, Mr. Antonio Gabrielli, Captain A. W. Pixley, Mr. A. K. Dyer, and Mr. James Thomson. A full com mittee was to assemble in October, ond it is re quested that all applications for membership may bo forwarded to Captain Urquhart, who was requested to act as secretary, 70 Brooke street, Hanover square. About noon yesterday, a man named William Clarke, residing at Errol street, Hotham, found the body of a boy, whoso name is unknown, floating in the Yarra near Jolimont. Deceased is described as being about 12 years old, medium height and build, and dark brown hair. He wns dressed in a blue cloth jumper, which had two hooks end eyes in front, grey tweed vest with brass buttons, blue cloth trousers, patched other white calico, lace-up boots, bound with copper, and white tape laces were in the eyelet- holes. There were no marks of violence on the deceased, with the exception of a black mark on the left eye and a cut on the lid. The body appears to have been about five days in the water, and has been removed to the morgue, awaiting identification. Already there is a prospect of a heavy crop of difficulties arising out of the administration of the tariff proclaimed under the provisions of the Units of Entry Statute. As an instance of the bud working of the tariff, and the want of confi- dence that certain members of the Ministry have in their own sets, we are informed that yesterday morning a gentleman, connected with a leading soft-goods house in Flinders lane, had an interview with the hon. the Com missioner of Customs in reference to a quantity of articles which he wished to take out of bond. He was told that he would have to pay the Unit of Entry rate as laid down by the Government. Ths gentleman representing the soft-goods interest asked if rolls of ribbon, including the wooden rollers, were to be charged as silk, and if the steel buckles used by ladies on sashes would come under the head of "jewellery," it being evi dently absurd to charge for the timber upon which the ribbon was rolled, or to levy on such ornaments as steel buckles the same duty as on diamonds or on other precious stones mounted in gold. This argument was evidently too strong for the honourable gentleman, and two ot the leading Customs officials were called into the room and informed, no doubt to their delectation that they were not overcoming the difficulties in the manner that they should. Those gentlemen explained that they could not act upon their own responsibility, and the matter was ulti mately disposed of by the Commissioner order- ing that the package containing the goods should be passed on a few pence instead of over one hundred pounds being paid. Cheap jewel lery will be completely shut out of the market if the present scale of charges is maintained. Upon an invoice of 12 gross of nugget rings amounting to L28 16s., no less a sum than L144 is demanded according to the new scale of charges. These rings, which fetch a very good price when sold by retail dealers, are, it will bo seen, imported at a cost of 4d. each. The St. Mark's schoolroom, Fitzroy, was well filled last evening, on the occasion of a lecture on "The Wonders of Chemistry," delivered by Mr. W. V. Simons. The address was illustrated with a number of very beautiful experiments, which were remarkably successfiul. Mr. Simons, in the course of his remarks, alluded to the manufacture of paper, which is about to become one of the staple industries of the colony, and also referred to the probability that other manu factures would be established as soon as a greater knowledge of chemistry was disseminated in Victoria. A vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer. The lecture was the third of a series in aid of the Sunday schools of the district. We have received a return of the prizes granted to Victorian exhibitors at the Dublin Exhibition. By it we see that a considerable number have been successful with the articles they sent home. Messrs Latham and Watson, of Sandhurst, have received the medal for 18 specimens of quartz, associated with galena, blende, aud various forms of sulphides of iron. Messrs. Beardman and Pierce obtained the same for a sample of essential oils; also Mr. Joseph Bosisto, of Richmond. Messrs. Hood and Co., of Melbourne, obtained a medal for a collection of chemicals ; and the Hobson's Bay Soap and Candle Company, for a box of soap. Mr. W. H. Slater for essential oils also received a medal. One was awarded to Messrs. Allan and Baldry, for a sample of silk-dressed flour. Messrs. A. Clarke and Co. and Mr. Jeremiah Coffey, both were successful, receiving medals for the exhibition of samples of wheat, and one was also taken for the same kind of exhibit by the Ovens and Murray Agricultural Society. Several cases of mess beef, sent by Melbourne firms, were awarded medals. Wines, spirits, and ales were also successively exhibited. The Acclimatisation Society of Victoria got a medal for Alpaca and Angora goats' wools ; and medals were taken by private individuals for wools and silk in cocoons. Colonial woods showed very favourably. A medal was awarded to Mr. Osborne as the exhibitor of specimens of his process of photo- lithograph. A progress geological map of the colony of Victoria, by A. R. C. Selwyn, received a medal. The exhibits which had honourable mention were very nu merous. The number of visitors to the National Mu seums of Natural History, Geology, and Eco- nomic Geology, applied to mining, agriculture, and the arts, for the week ending 18th November, was 1032, The museums are open, to the public daily (Sundays executed) from 10 a.m. till 5 p m., in the north side of the University, and in the un- finished portion of the National Museum build ing, at the back of the University. " Corio Bay," says the Geelong Advertiser, " has not been to full of fish for many seasons as at present. Some splendid takes were made yesterday of whiting, many of which weighed 2lb. each. Some four baskets of flathead were also secured." Writing with reference to the crops, the Gee- long Advertiser has the following : — " The cry for more rain is general, though it is admitted that the wheat and barley crops may be con- sidered safe. The early oat crops are gone beyond retrieval, even if heavy rains come. Harvesting has commenced in many parts. The grub, con currently with the aphis, still goes on increasing, multiplying, and devastating. Having destroyed the onion crops, attacked the vines, eaten down the potato stalks, and eaten into the potatoes, where they may be seen half-a-dozen together, the grubs, after a slight depasture on the wheat crops, have turned with avidity to the beet and mangold wurtzel crops, and are making sad havoc with these latter, which had hitherto had an immunity from aphis or other blights. Still, despite of those drawbacks, and lacking the rain fall, garden crops of vegetables ore very satis- factory, and though there will be a comparatively limited supply of apricots, nectarines, nnd peaches, there is promise of abundance of othor fruits, more especially grapes, for we are assured that never were the prospects of the vignerons more brilliant than at this season. The vines are beautiful, and denote a luxuriant crop,"-- One of those cases which aro unfortunately but too common in the agricultural districts during harvest time, namely, a cave of unlaw fully and malicously wounding, arising from a drunken squabble at a publichouse, took place, says the Ballaarat Star, on Sunday night last, at the Mount Cavern hotel, near Coghill's Crock. Mounted Conatable Kennedy having received information late in the evening, went to the hotel and saw the landlady, Mrs. Larre, who most positively denied that any affray had taken place there that day, or that anything, was known of any wounded man being on the pre- mises. Subsequently, however, the constable discovered a wounded man named Michael Devereux, in one of the rooms of the hotel, suffering from several dangerous wounds. Dr. Creelman was sent for, and gave a certificate as to the dangerous nature of the wounds and as to the man's inability, for the present, to attend the police court without danger to his life. Constable Kennedy subsequently, after a long search, discovered the offender, one Charles Gerrard, concealed in an old tree in a neigh- bouring paddock, and also found a knife with which the assault is said to have been committed. The prisoner was brought on Monday before the Learmonth Bench, and was remanded till the 27th inst. The scarcity of fish in the River Yarra has of late attracted the attention both of the Acclima tisation Socloty and of anglers generally, and from their researches it has been found to arise from the large number of cormorants which abound around Melbourne and the Bay, and devour the fish. The Acclimatisation Society have invited sportsmen to shoot these birds, in answer to which several gentlemen who are well- known shots have proceeded up the Yarra towards night time during the last week, for the express purpose of shooting these useless destroyers of our valuable fish. Yesterday the party left Skarratt's hotel, and taking a boat from the Sir Henry Barkly hotel, rowed up and down the river between the hotel and the Survey Paddock. They brought home nine birds, but shot more than that number, having left some behind. The party have been out three times altogether, and have shot 40 of these birds of prey, some of which they opened, and in every case found them to contain fish in different stages of digestion. In one they found four fishes, and in another the re- mains of a flathead, 9in. long without the head and shoulders. How the cormorants manage to swallow fish of such large size as are found in them is a mystery to the persons who have shot and dissected them. It is to be hoped that the gentlemen who have succeeded in destroying so many of these birds will persevere in their laud- able object, and that other recognised careful shots will be added to their number, as unless such a course is adopted it seems probable that these birds will not only exhaust our present river fish, but will also destroy the salmon when ever they are allowed to come down the river on their way from Badger Creek to the ocean. By way of Sydney we have Auckland papers containing particulars of war news, but the principal items have already, appeared very fully in our telegraphic columns. The treasurer of the Deaf and Dumb Institu tion acknowledges the receipt of L5 from His Excellency Sir Charles Darling, being his annual subscription in aid of the funds of this charity. - " The long- continued dry and hot weather will, it is feared by some of our district farmers," says the "Ballaarat Star, " have a very inju- rious effect on many of the wheat crops that were lately, and are even now, apparently in a state of comparative vigour. On many farms the stalks of the wheat are said to be ex- hibiting signs of decay near the ground owing to the want of rain, and this will, it is feared by some, have the effect of preventing the ears now in bloom from filling out properly. In some instances, we have been informed, the stalks are quite dry and withered at the bottom, and the decay is rapidly rising to the ear, to the great danger of the whole crop. We trust that these rumours are only applicable to very ex- ceptional cases, as even the partial failure of the wheat crop in this usually favoured district would be attended with very serious conse- quences, and especially as the oat crop will, in the majority of cases, yield very poorly." The Rev. Francis Neale, from Albury, who laboured for two years in connection with the Wesleyan Church, Prahran, is announced to deliver a lecture on " Luther and his Times" in that church this evening. The proceeds in aid of the Tract Society and Sabbath school. A change of performance is announced at the Haymarket Theatre to-night. The pieces to be played are " Sweethearts and Wives," with the burlesque of " Kenilworth," in both of which Lady Don will appear. 