It appears not unlikely that the question of a^ilwa^ to:ChB4Iurra3 T *t Baiechiwqrth, -ftim the lijfmnwiijg^ wiHprATe- s ttM^gfilra^jHiiggg^jy^ti*- to the varioui local noaies in this district. Already There are as many aspii^nts for tile advantage. oTfaaving^tte there are towns »long=tbeiiire <witlim 'a coriraiieht distance, and fwted'to jfliscover some 6pecM*BM»n'-Wly- Aeir'town shauld be selected in (ugfeg^pe stotSlV"^wain7*st3i icH tfiii miBlushing as-' surance of amateur engineers,-ttat- ibeldiBculiies in each case ex cepVtbrn ^GurmouataUe, and^atp^gaq^Sdro^^by 'a special decree ofTrJmence, uie fefecbonjof ;tlie line Xbus uKvneton oo iobntndiMii*end4tliu?Ae^l-: way commiu.ee made a opecOCTrtjjiong; "" c 11 « —- - " —^"'"'iDiipSvuf tliftt it was a still better starting }.omt", and ! Malmsbnrj and "Woo'dt-nd follows in the wak«. jljpMitlSiint Carlsrniie, Lancefield and Gieoiine,^® tidvance~£lmilar claims to tnalce the pottiiBi3ona!jplete,and present aljqatsas ^jr^at San olSiple§o»ny chance of chan^i^.t^pro^ could well he conceived.. '. ^ We EmSfao objection to all ^jEhese®veljr idaf-^of ours ad vocatingVrife^lg&b; of their respective towns; nay mora. It will afford us unqualified pleasure, as they are no doubt aware, to assist them at all times in the development and furtherance of any 'Soheme for their advancementButatthepr^eaEmoment Tjrer fSnSvSy-^qnestio'n, they either'i3o not understand the jDositipn of affairSj oribey - are like the fox with the g-rapes, *hey will prevent if they can any other place having the "fttl^MtaSe tbey cannot possess it themselves. Malmehniy-rpoii-poohed the idea of Ejneton being -the starting point even more ihan it advocated its pwn cliaons,. "Its ohject, "to'judge bv its action, was less to secure the ad vantage-toitself ihwniimBp ildVom Kyneton. Woadend moderately assertsthat-ft -will advocate the Kyneton 'memorial if Woodend be considered to, be ; in Xhe neighborhood. ofEynetdn ; 'or, in other'words—thoujrh this meaning is very artfully concealed—if Woodend'be selected instead of Cyoeton. Taradale .advances its own jpecnliar. claims without j-eierence to ^either, ^forgetting, like each of its rivals m the race, that 4fte battle lias jet to be fousht between the district and a distant one. This fact, forgotten by each of our sister townships, i6 in reality the very essence of the cause we are at present advocating. It is no question as .yet whether .the line shall start from Woodend, Eyneton, Malmsbury, or Taradale, bat "whether it shall start from Goornong or some other place, to be hereafter -chosen-nut of those above named. It most not be forgotten that a Parliamentary committee has sat, and taken evidence upon this question, and -decided in favour of Goomong as a -starring- point, after both Woodend and Kjneton -were suggested in.evidence. It is, therefore, no light struggle the district—and by this word we distincriy wish it understood we comprise all the rivalsf or the advantage— has engaged in, in endeavoring even to get it -away from Goomong. If.advantages«aifbe shown by each of theaewJy suggested routes, it is clear the accepted one is not without its claims to favour, or it : would iiot, hare been adopted the committee. To" win may .possibly—req«ire -united -strength, and ~the after-battle should be set aside til] the more important is won. - As we stated in a previous issue, the plan " for the "district" to pursue is to* demonstrate to the Commissioner of Sailways that a wrong decision has been come to in selecting Goomong as a starting point for the proposed line-It will take something more than en assertion, or a mere reference .to the evidence taken by the committee, to effect this object. Mr Francis will very naturally point to the fact, that a Parliamentary committee having decided, after'mature consideration, on the proposed route, and having had the best obtainable engineering advice, it is a .delicate task for him ; to- re-open' the question. He will want something tangible placed before him to .warrant his interfering, and this should be supplied him. In the case of the proposed tramway -from. Malmsbury iDajlesford, a flying -snrvey was made to show to the "Govepment the proposed route, "and now" "a -practical-eurvey of the line is being made by Government engineers. The -plan,.then,' Jor .the various bodies to adopt is jointly to incur the expense of such- a. survey as we indicate, and in order that they might meet on common ground, without interfering with one anothei's fanciei advantages, take a certain point" for diverging, from which .point to their own town each -body might make its own flying survey. It would then resolve itself .into the question of -which offered the greatest advantages, even while all were worMngibrthe common good. . The deputation that is to go down might then unitedly and energetically .urge the one request, advocate the -tone cause, with the distinct reservation-lliat-each candidate fbrthe-favor of being the terminus wouldihereafter Advocate its own lesuse; fiatfor a deputation to godown tothe Commissionerof Kail way8,coni posed ofparties fighting each" one against the other, would bnt ensure irretrievable defeat. We urge tbis-matter opon the serions consideration-of .each of the bodies in thisidis^trict .interested in the result. If- they hope for-success, if they desire that the line shall start from any part of -this'district they most resolve on de ermined and "united action. A house divided against itself-must-fall, and in a public matter of this kind success cannot be obtained while disunion exists. It may be that either Maltnibury or Woodend has superior advantages to Kyneton, can offer greater inducements than the central town, but even so, this portion of the question should be set at rest till the greater one is solved. It will benefit ilalmsbury -or -Woodend but little to eee thejil istant line decided on in preference to Kyneton. jior.jcili it advantage J£yne=tun,on the otherihand, to see Goorpong chosen in order "that Woodend or Malmsbury may not enjoy a benefit it csinriiit possess itself. The first effort—and it should be a strong and united '• one—should be directed to. pointing out that some .one point betweenjthe dividing ranges must' teTar "better than Goornong as a starting f oint ibr thE:proposed Jine railway. Grain from the Commissioner of Sailways the concefiBion that asurvey of the suggested \-- KipteBhonld.be made, and demonstrate - its ^practicability and 'greater'advantages, and then go into the question as.to which would be the better terminus. But pursue the plan they hBye4nitiateiL'iDf ~«bch town advocating its own claims, aud it wrill , effectually secure to Goornong th'e advantage this district might, by united and earnest effort, gun for itself.- .cu'uS jiij" .t-r. t: . -J .i. ^"''' • : The return match of fkittles between Woodei^^ud- Eyiieton-^tBdgniii^we&Undedsomefew; weAs ago—pame ifi oiiTCulhesday^Lt-the skittle grog^d attafiiedjtO-JilrJitmes-JClfiaryle jCourt- House hotel! A cgnaderabl^umtJejof parties interested i^BUe^imeXarere? present. The ana-o<«D{>rifiingMessr8 -Buttonrliayrv.Cannor, and Harris, were pitted .^Mnjst Mee^s Hobbs, Gregory, JarretB '-Peny^aiid 'G ;Dn^', fin . the aye^-tf'JtrOy&^ai captained by Mr A Hoh^v.^Woodend won the toss, and took the first fiaine, and were saccess- Win'esltiik A the Ky^etUii's'fiie'lraSmes. At^ffilijo^ge^t.^B, game any odds would have been taisn inlavour of -Woodend - -winning. "Hre-nert-five -frames" were won by Eyneton; "^Ugim l&e; eleventh iand last frame a conadS^le..amount of money. .hwfidSjaB.to thehlrucBedon wzthjthetftetennisKtiflBttbmnrj ^ut mffartamat^r tfi«T.gw*tacfaim|ftai TCntcfffs « r liiti compeeis went for two, and the remaining : p two unfortUiKii.es four each—thus giving the I game to JSlyneton by "one li.irse." It waBfrom the ^pmmeiicement a really well-coutested ame, aad ant ns.^cloae an^celteit rj^, d^ie antple judnB^ tdl^y the ghosts. Mesara Sati^son iand Lticliaxdain.ofiiciited ias scorers—the !i»rmerfor J ahe-5Voodend aud pQiie latter fiir the' Kyneton j \- to v hoiajthe J cffi^nerii% matcfi'-'for the champi^^u,p~at Woodend, in about three weeks. The district coroner, Dr Geary, heW'an inqueBt on Thursday last at Middle Gully, on the body of George Edwin Brown, a 'ittle boy twoygars of age, who was -drowned 4n>a-water«» i^e *TO^"Tnesday last, the Slst instant, in the Blac^ Forest.. From the ^evidence adduced.it appeared - that -the -deoeased -was the son of a man named Brown, who resides at the Black jiy^^iMii Midrtitr-fjiiily 'OaTnesdav a^tier-" : noon jre-went aiut about thrae b'olock to play, batween"±hiTUohseanda Jarge water- hole-situ ated about 80^ards iramit,tbe greater ^jartrof which is Government iground, and the porticm that is not has been purchased since the hole was made, which was done by the Government contcactois at ^le-time the main-road- was -being made, In about 85 minutes or half-an-hour after deceased 'had left ihe house, his little sister, a girl about -11 years of age, came running in' orying and said " mother, baby is in the water- 1 : hole." On rnnning-tothe spot, his mother found the deceased- lying on his ba<& in the water with, his face not quite covered. She took him out immediately bnt be was quite dead. Thomas ;Cr(»ak,-a : bnllack driver, gave -evidence toiisving assisted in gettingthe deceased put of the wateriiole^ whiclT he considered was "very dangerous, as it had only about' 18 inches of water, with » muddy bottom of 20 feet deep. Dr W O'Reilly of Woodend, held a post mortem, examination, and gave it as his opinion that drowning was the cause of death, as the body presented no appearance of violence of any Mnd. The jury returned a J verdict accordingly, adding as a rider, that they considered the attention of .the Government should be directed to the dangerous - state of the water-hole in question, and recommending that some steps be taken to have it fenced in, so as to .prevent a similar occurrence. On Wednesday afternoon, a woman named Tirrill, was admitted into the district hospital in a fearfully weak state frnman attack-of fever, almost immediately after her confinement. It appears that the-- unfortunate creature who rerides at Mount Blackwood, has now been bedridden for over-40-weeks,-and her -state was so bad as to render it necessary to convey her from Blackwood on a litter, the journey occupying two days. She was recommended to come in by Dr M'Kenzie, under whose care she'had previously been. We were shown on Thursday last two very fine specimens of gold-dust and small nuggets, washed-from the claim of "the Hercynia Alluvial Gold Mining Company, who struck gold in the gutter on Saturday last. The first sample,; which contained 4j dwts, was washed from four buckets of stuff; whilst the second, containing 12 dwts 14 grs, was obtained from a very small: truck load. The Wellington Company—whose claim is situated in Glass's paddock, adjoining the General Wyndham—have at present 116 tons of quartz in course of crushing by Messrs Russell and Co, Lauriston, and the yield of some already crushed is quite equal to their expectations. "The Campaspe "Gold Mining Company held their quarterly meeting-on Saturday last, the 16th instant, at French's National hotel, Malmsbury. for the purpose of receiving tenders for sinking the shaft, appointing .directors, aud the transaction of the general business of the company. Messrs French, of Malmsbury, James HilC Ralph Sill, H D "Eddy, T Goldsworthy, and Wren, of Lanriston, with Mr James Kendall, of Ghewton, were -unanimously elected as directors, and Messrs Metcalfe and Hyndman, auditors. After the termination -of the general meeting, a meeting of the directors was held,, when the tender of Messrs Walton and Co was accepted, at £6103 .per foot, for sinking the shaft through the rook and finding timber and all materials for the same. As far as the shaft is at present down, the manager informs us, the water is not very-heavy,-bnt it -still requires constant work to keep it from gaining. It is anticipated that the pipe-clay will be reached in aboutfonnn- five moHths." The Lanriston Company, we .understand, have accepted the tender . of Mr J Matthews for the removal, from Daylesford to Lauriston, of an engine^nrchased by them, and supply-of timber for the same,-and wiH immediately proceed to its re.erection.v The drive, of the company's claim is" "tiow on good dirt, and gold can be seen as the dirt is broken up. The gutter will, in all probability,"be fniVy definedlii a lew days, and good payable dirt is now being raised. The Pemberly Company bottomed their shaft onfEHdaya-mghtata depth of BO'feiei^fhe gutter dipping rapid iy. Bong night the nature df the gntteruponid not be well ascertained, but an -excellent .prospect was washed from a bucketful of stuff. Tins long-expected-result will give an impetus to the other- claims on this line, and well warrant the confidence felt in the claim by the shareholders. We shall probably bB in possession of fuller particulars by our next issue. "'..-•:: j- In the present temper of Woodend, Malmsbury will evidently have, to look to its laurels, as the former township is bent on distancing its rivalif possible. A scheme is understood to be on foot in which several - Daylesford as well as Woodend residents are- interested, for surveying a line of railway from Woodend to Daylestord, as a rival to -the proposed line from Malmsbnry. The ihief advantages of "this ronte, are understood .to be,'first, lie distance saved, as between Malmsbury and Woodend in theline, and secondly the Tact that Crown Lands would be traversed the jvhole way. It is possible more may be learnt of tlie Echeme hereafter. Whichever of the two townshipsgets the line brought to it will "have a. great impetus given.to its proeperity, and whichever d^ires to win must not let the grass ^row jmderit3 feet A quartz reef,supposed to bench, has-been discovered near ..-the Boundaiy Flat Creek, near Lancefield, iand just above -Jarretfe ^paddock. The ixeef was ^discoveped, we ^mderstand," by a bullock-driver, who, with one -or two'others, worked at it 4<sr: a 1 few daySj^and got gctld ilrom nearly all the stone taken., Fifty mrai s ground and a prospector's-claim -^ias beeri-secured oy the puties. whoare jiow going rapidly to work to prove tbe reef. E D Byrne, hae been committed to take.his trial for /the libel oa'.'MriJ.D Wiood.i lasserted to be contained in "ah "article" receniiy published in &a;± jouinal.^ft.^^&> stated that Mr tiodfr^-, The Dayletforrd ^rpnswhas^o been^wOT^ witha lawyeri letter from the samegentleman. Many -admirers oftthe indignant that such an attempt fhould 'be .made to -soppress the strictores of thatjoucnal inpan the recent sction of sFree Trade advocates, bwm 'subscribed towards ^heriefpiireiofMr^Tne^and- dontLtiona for that purpose have -been Already Bent from A «icent GazetU contains the ji roclafflration oF •the Weight® r»pd. Measures Uxdbii fbr^iie Shire of Kynetbh; Woodend -aha Malmsbiiry fio- Aongbs, and the Woodend, Newiiam ^nd 4&chford; Road Distriflt 1.'. -1UC ? J a f 3iU At *the Bmd^' ; A5itcultirial on Wednesday last, the. Jbllpw^g j ediibits om . tip oldained..a:{ilaeeini -the jmze jist.; ^^^'jthi^grear.old filly, Jiiiaibr i raty "certificate io' Mr Andrew .J^iwan, £<Mr| "Rowanprotested againsOhB £rst prize brine j awarded to A^ Wiihams, ,on1theigropnd that thejwinner-wgs ^ pvex Lfnree ^years »ld- ) Best J two-year colt argeldihg, One entry. Xiist prize, "J ixy OldJlonnt Welllington^mt of a stnall Anb^ msre. BeBfbull any hreed. aged, Firrt-priz^f sovs, hon W Degiave's Iiard Sale. Best two- j | i M J rize, 2 sitvs, bon W Dm rave s Lord ralmerston, fcao»ud prize, honorary certificjite, li»n W « J^j^B^g^' BeSt yearling bull, anj breed, iirst prike, S! "sovs, hon W Uegrave's Orat'jjr. Best, mQ'((<!ng woolied), First W W Degraves. "Best two ewes (Iwig first prize, 3 sbvs, hon W Degravffl lrize, 1 fiov do. Best ram (short woolt priw^^ra, hon W Degraves. B^^ewffl ShortVlwilea). First pnae, 3 sov,T&fa; W DK graces. [Mr jSCrosby entered a protest against the "aectstwi of the judges for short woolled sheep]. Best reaper and mower, Pnze, 3 sovs, Hutchinson and Walker, Kyneton. Best Cochin China cook andnajrofhens, pnae, i sov,-«,-«aarpt:i, bjiki™. VV , First prize, 30s. J Crawford, Kyneton,-Mr-Lewis a Thomson, of Kyneton, was..one pf-f^e judges for machinery and -implements. Tfota lias^oncuuied to attract-a large number of visitors. 'Th^^yribition will "remain to-night, being,-it-is- announced, -positively the lasL night., adhere;wiirba an afternoon paforniaiice to-day l t for children and families. Jt will.lje Been by our advertiang cDlnmnB that'Kyueton is about being favored with a visit from an old favorite, Mr J King, .who, in company-with Miss Annie Hat1; -and Mi J M Foans, a well-known tenor, is to give a grand vocal Mid instrumental concert at the Theatre -Royal on Thursday and Saturday -nertr Mr -ft Gosson ; being "the musical conductor. The pro-- ^mmmE offered is a most attractive i>ae/'and will no doubt induce, a .large attendance. Besides the musical part of the entertainment,-Mr Foans "will-give " an hour with the -Cbrystys," and-a " Female Lecture, in which the 'Eights of Women will be vindicated." The performance will conclnde WLth-ji musical. burletta, entitled "A Double Dilemma." The company have been playing at Heathcote with great success, and-no doubt they will receive an equally gratifying welcome to Kyneton. At the Sunbury -police court, before Mr Thomson. PM, and Mr W Clarke, J P, the murder case was again investigated, but adjourned again till Wednesday next. One of the witnesses alleged that she and Mrs Heaney slept together at tbe farm shortly after the murder, and that une night she was woke up by Mrs Heaney exclaiming " that she was a poor miserable siuner, and that she had struck Junod an unhappy blow with a bottle on the night of the murder. She also called upon the Almighty to have mercy upon her. and declared that'-she should not live to see another day. This witness-also stated that Mrs Heaney gave vent-to a series of invectives against her son-in-law Bobt Hutchinson, and stigmatised him as a "nibbling, murdering dog." It is understood the Crown have still 13or 14 witnesses to call. We-have -received by the last mail, from the t publishers, _,tlie August numbers of: " Good Words" ano "The Sunday Magazine?' Both -works possess tbe usual interesting matter, and " Good Words" has a very -fine engraving of Jerusalem -from the Golden Gate. Both'these works will be read with interest " By the Gazette of Tuesday, we perceive that James Aldridge Devenish, John Chanter, Thos Finnamore, Thos Anderson Kwiug, Joseph Harper,. William McUlusky, Patrick Lyons, John Glenn, and John Joseph Walsh, are appointed trustees for the land set aside as a site for racecourse -and recreation purposes at Tylden. Title deeds for the undermentioned parties are awaiting them at the Receipt and Pay office, Melbourne :- -J W H Austin, Sunbury ; Hubert Beasley,.Lancefield ; John Huggins, Jika-Jtka j John Hugjius, Lancefield; Rhodes and Bniufoey, Lancefield ; Moss Thompson, Lancefield. In the Ga2etU of Tuesday site for a pound at Tea is temporarily reserved. The -amount of tolls received for the Koilor Plains toll gate has been ordered by the-Governor in Council to be distributed as under— To the Keilor Road Board, Ss 7£d in each -li ; tothe Melton Road Board, 6s -6d ; and tothe 3ulla Road: Board. 3s 10fd. v '' " The Woodend council -chamber was -the ^cene of a display of eloquence over-the qnestion of a railway to Beechworth, the committee appearing to take the deepest interest in tbe matter, evidently with the desire to make Woodend the terminus. After some discussion, : it was resolved to support the memorial of the Kyneton Shire . Council 'provided' Woodend'wis "deemed by:the Council to be in! the neighborhood of Kyneton, the object being to secure a recognition of the claims of Woodend. Crs Muiuz and Patterson were appointed to represent the Council on the deputation. An officer from" the Survey department, Taradale, was in Woodendtm Thnrsday, making the finalisurveys for applicants for -land under the' 42nd clause of the land act, in-preparation for tbe Commission on , Monday. - - It jnay be as well to remind all parties who have made application underthis-clanse of the act,tha.t tliey will reqiire to attend.it 'the Orderly 'Rnani on Monday next, to bave their applications investigated. 