CIVIL SIDE. BEFORE his Honor the Chief-justice, and juries of four. BYRNE V. HAYLEY. This action was brought to recover £42 8s., the balance due for rent of premises at Queanbeyan, occupied by the defendant from the plaintiff. The defence was that the premises were let to Mr. Free- stone, a solicitor of Queanbeyan and the defendant's son-in-law. Messrs. Blake and Butler instructed by Mr. Walsh, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Windeyer, attorney Mr. Gannon, for the defendant. The amount of rent was admitted, and the only dispute was whether the defendant or Mr. Freestone, was tenant to plaintiff and liable for the rent. The plaintiff swore that the premises were let to Dr. Hayley, who paid him the rent up to 1862, and that afterwards he received rent occasionally from Freestone, but that the bills and receipts were always made out in defendant's name. This evi dence was corroborated by the production of several bills and receipts up to 1862. Dr. Hayley was examined on his own behalf, and proved that he did take the premises, but acted only as the friend of Mr. Freestone, and that although he did pay rent to plaintiff, he first obtained the money from Freestone. Mr. Freestone also proved that he acted with plaintiff after 1862, paid rent to him, and also made arrangements with him for any repairs or alterations that were necessary; and that he occupied the premises as a residence, although defendant had an office there. 'After hearing the addresses of Mr. Blake and Mr. Windeyer and his Honor's charge, the jury found a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed. GIBSON v. McGEORGE. This was an action for trespass brought by Alice Gibson of Tiranna against John McGeorge of the Veterans Flats. The alleged trespass consisted of the use by the defendant of a road running through land the property of plaintiff. Damages were laid at £100. The defendant pleaded first that the land alleged to be trespassed over was soil and freehold of the crown; second, right of way of necessity; third, * ?ight of way of non-existent grant ; and fourth pub lic highway. . Mr. Blake appeared for the plaintiff; attorney, Mr. Walsh. Mr. Butler for defendant; attorneys, Messrs. Gurner and Robberds. The case lasted all the afternoon, and will be resumed to-day. It was arranged that the jury, accompanied by the witnesses who had been sworn, should examine the locality early this morning. GOULBURN POLICE COURT.-The business at the police office has been unimportant during the week. On Wednesday Thomas Coghlan was fined five shillings for making use of obscene language. There was a second charge against him for resisting the police for which he was mulct in a fine of 40s. The summons cases were then disposed of. Mary Durkin appeared to answer a complaint upon the information of Sergeant Fenton, for illegally selling liquor, which was dismissed. The case of Richard Byrne against Joseph Carroll for making use of obscene language, was adjourned until the 6th of November.-On Thursday Lawrence Sullivan, brought up for drunkenness was discharged.-On Friday John Murphy was brought up charged with having stolen a cow the property of the Rev. D. P. M. Hulbert. A mass of evidence was collected, but it failed to establish the identity of the beast alleged to have been stolen as being the property of the prosecutor, and the case was dismissed. Matthew Pennington sought to recover possession of a bed stead and mat, valued at £2 10s., from John Scott. Defendant stated that complainant gave him the arti cles in question, but upon his demanding them he said Pennington could have them by paying the lien upon them amounting to 32s. This was denied by the coniplainant. The property was ordered to be given up within seven days upon tender by complainant to defendant of 256s. John Ryan, of Ryan's Vale, was ordered to pay Ss. a week for twelve months to Ellen Donovan for the maintenance of his illegiti mate offspring, to be made in monthly payments. Mr. Gannon appeared on behalf of the defendant Ryan, who was not present. INQUEST.—On Thursday Dr. Waugh held an inquest at the Goulburn hospital on the body of Henry Jaques who expired from the effects of an explosion of gunpowder on the railway works two miles below Marulan. The particulars of the acci- dent were given in the last issue of this paper. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. CONCERT. — On Wednesday night an amateur concert was given in the hall of the mechanics' institution in aid of the funds of the Goulburn Rifle Club. There was a very large attendance, and all seemed very much pleased with the entertain- ment. For the first time at a concert in Goulburn there was a band consisting of amateurs ; and not- withstanding that they can have had but a short time to practice together their performances were very creditable. In the first part, the duet Love and War, the Satanella Waltz, the buffo song Macbeth, and the comic song Roger Ruff, or I Likes a Drop of Good Beer, wero exceedingly well received, the latter being ancored. The solo on the harmonium was also very well rendered, though the incessant noise made by the opening and shutting .of the door of the hall prevented its being heard to advantage. The same remark applies to the song of the Blue Tailed Fly given at a later stage, the effect of which Sdepends entirely on silence being observed. It may here be wiell to suggest to the committee of the mechanics' institution that some steps should be taken to prevent a continuance of this nuisance: The accompaniments throughout wore very well executed. The second or Christy Minstrels portion of the entertainment followed, causing very great amusement. The third part, the Blue Tailed Fly, already referred to, and the Ghost, undertaken at a moment's notice by one of the company in the absence of the gentleman to whom the part had been allotted, was very well received. The Nervous Cures, owing to the absence of the same gentleman, had to be omitted. Then followed a new local song, the Goulburn Rifles, written for the occasion and sung in character with accoutrements. In this the peculiarities of some of the more prominent members of the club were funnily alluded to in a manner that provoked roars of laughter and led to a most vociferous encore. God Save the Queen brought the proceedings to a close. The performers had evidently devoted much care and attention to their several parts, and deserve the best thanks of the club for the large addition which they have been the means of bringing to the funds, as well as of the public for providing a very pleasant evening's enter- tainment. SUDDEN DEATH.—A telegram was received in town on Wednesday announcing the death of Mr. Joseph Kirwan, of Cooma, at ten o'clock on Tuesday night. Mr. Kirwan was a brother of Mr. James Kirwan, who met his death at the hands of Senior-sergeant O'Donohue about eighteen months ago. Teen INesncrroNs NTO POUNnKEnPEns.-For the information of the public we quote the following from the printed instructions to poundkeopere issued from the Department of Lands in July last:-" 7. In advertising the impounding of any animal in a local paper the poundkeeper will do so in the local paper most frequently published, and where two or more are equal in regard, than alternately in each." -Braidwood Dispatch.-[This rogulation, as well as the provisions of the Impounding Act, are too plain to be misunderstood; yet it appears that some ooundkeepers have chosen to disregard them, either y refusing to advertise at all or by confining their advertisements to one paper. In the former case it is well that the delinqucents should understand that their sales are illegal, and that the full value of any snimal sold without being advertized can be re covered from them by the owner by suit in any court of law, irrespective of the amount for which tieo animal may have been sold, or that they may be fined £10 under the 17th clauso of the Act. In the latter case the government have in at least one instance been complained to, and will, no doubt, see that their regulations are enforced.] DEATH OF MR. DENIEHY.—A magisterial inquiry was held at the Bathurst hospital on Monday last, before Dr. Palmer, P.M., touching the death of Mr. Daniel Henry Deniehy. Robert William Waters, senior- sergeant of police, deposed: I have viewed that he had fallen in a fit in Barrack Lane and had been carried into the house of a man name Chick; I went there and saw him; he was bleeding from the nose and mouth, and had a large bruise and swelling on the right cheek bone; immediately after I went in he had a fit and screamed out as if for protection, and put out both his hands; Dr. Connell was with him and saw him in the fit; I then had him conveyed to the hospital; when I got him there he motioned me to go to him and asked me "where did I fall ?" those were the only words I heard him speak; he seemed to breathe with great difficulty; I had him searched and found the papers produced, consisting of one cheque dated 10th September, 1865, on the Joint Stock Bank, Bathurst, signed E Hart; also a few letters and memoran dums; I sent a constable for Dr. Busby, surgeon to the hospital; I have known deceased for some con siderable time; he was much addicted to drinking. John Chick deposed: I reside in Barrack Lane; on Sunday evening last, between four and five o'clock, I was walking in front of my door when my at tention was called by hearing a heavy fall; I looked round and saw Mr. Deniehy lying on the ground; he was lying upon his face; I turned him over upon his back; he was bleeding profusely from his mouth and nose; I got his face washed and put a cushion under his head; I then sent off a boy to fetch Dr. Connell; the doctor was there in about five minutes; deceased was not moved until the doctor came ; after that he was moved into my house, and then taken to the hospital; I did not hear him speak while in my house; there was no one near him when he fell; he fell within about six paces of my fence; he was much addicted to drinking and often used to come into my house and eat a hard boiled egg.—J. J. Connell deposed: I am a legally qualified medical practitioner; I have viewed the body of the deceased; on Sunday last I was called to a lodging-house in George-street to see Mr. Deniehy; this was about eleven o'clock in the morning; he was lying on a sofa in the kitchen; I was shown a quantity of blood he had thrown up, and a few minutes after he vomited a large quantity of blood; he told me it came from the nose and that he had swallowed it, that he was frequently subject to an attack of the kind, and that he had applied styptics to the nose and plugged it; he had no styptics left in the bottle so I went and got some, applied it, and plugged the nostrils ; I then left him, advising him what to do; afterwards I met him in George-street, about four o'clock the same day; I told him he had acted wrong in coming out; the sun was very hot at the time; he said he was restless, and his head was very giddy, that he was always subject to a superfluity of blood to the head, and had been since he was a child; about an hour after that a boy came to my house and said there was a man dying in Barrack Lane; I went immediately and found deceased lying on his back in the middle of the road; he was breathing heavily; the right side of the face was swollen as if from a fall; blood was oozing from his mouth; I got him removed into the nearest house, and sent to the police; after that he had a fit; I did everything I considered necessary, and had him removed to the hospital; he was quite sensible, and breathed stertoriously; I thought he seemed a little better when he was going to the hospital; the cool air appeared to revive him.—Dr. Busby deposed: On Sunday evening a little after six o'clock, a constable reported to me that Mr. Deniehy had been taken to the hospital in a dying state; I immediately went to the hospital and saw him; I found he had a severe contusion over the right cheek; he was sensible; I asked him how he had received the injury; he said from a fall; I asked him if he know how he had fallen; he said no; I directed what was to be done for him, and as he had been placed in a room by himself, I directed that one of the attendants should remain with him during the night; on visiting the hospital on the following morning the attendant reported to me that between 11 and 12 o'clock the deceased had a slight fit and before he could report it to the overseer he was dead; my opinion is, from the history of the case, that the deceased died from loss of blood and from fits in duced by habits of intemperance.—Bathurst Free Press. TESTIMONIAL.—We are glad to perceive that Mrs. Maria Badgery, on retiring from the management of the Doncaster Hotel, will receive a fitting testimonial to the worth of her character. A subscription list is in circulation, limited to a certain sum from each subscriber, to defray the cost of a tea service for the lady, and there is no doubt it will be speedily filled up. No words of ours can assist the movement ; the virtues of Mrs. Badgery as a lady, as a townswoman, and friend, are too well-known to need editorial comment.—Braidwood Dispatch. [It is stated that Mr. Solomon Moses, formerly of Goulburn, has rented the Doncaster Inn.] THE BtnIDWOOD EscosT.-The Braidwood escort which left town yesterday morning for Nelligen took down 350 ozs. 2 dwts. of gold; and £970 in cash. Of this amount 152 ozes. only was the produce of the Braidwoo.d gold-fields, the remainder being the quantity brought down from Kiandra. In ad dition to the stoppage of the gold purchased by Mr. Blatchford, of Araluon, and the Oriental Bank, for transmission by private escort, the quantity that has been purchased by the Joint Stock Bank has also been held back. It is a great pity that the govern ment escort, which has hitherto been the safest and most reliable means of ascertaining the produce and comparing the prosperity of the various gold-fields, should in this district have become so ineffective for this purpose. Certainly no blame can be attached to those parties who find it to their interest to convey their own gold for the short distance of land carriage to Nelligen, instead of paying the exorbitant charge of Sd. per ounce extracted by the government alike for this short distance as for the longest journeys of hundreds of miles. But we are afraid this sudden, and to the generality of people, unaccountable diminution of our returns by the usual government escort service will exert a prejudicial effect in respect to the chardcter which this district has always hitherto maiintained as being the chief gold pro ducing portion of the colony.-Braidwood Dispatch. TirE BRAIDWOOD DISTRICT COURT AND SESSIONS. At the sessions which commence on Monday next, there are twelve cases to be tried, viz.:-The three Browns,for stealing a bullock the property of William Hickey, Terence Gillogely, for shooting a horse the property of John McMahon ; Caroline Hurley, for stealing a ring from a Chinaman named Ah Boo; Betsy Harding, stealing a horse from John Menzie, Bungendore; Simon Cory, stealing pigs from Wil liam Campbell; Ah Ling, stealing pigs the property of James O'Brien; William Cooper, stealing money; J. Perry and T. Edlington, cattle-stealing; A. Wilson, stealing monies from post-office. There are one or two other Chinese cases also. There are for the district court forty-nine cases set down for hearing. -Braidwood Dispatch. ABANDONMENT OF THE BOMBALA DISTRICT HOSPITAL.—We wish to draw the attention of our readers to an advertisement which appears in another column, announcing that the subscribers towards the establishment of the Bombala hospital can have their donations returned on application. Though natur- ally very sorry to have to record the absolute death (after a lingering, fluctuating indisposition of somewhat upwards of eighteen months) of this charitable movement, it has only verified a pre- diction we heard some six months back. However, we hope that should ever another attempt be made, it will meet with more success.—Monaro Star. MAIL CoNTnaecr.-The tender of' Mr. James Roberts, for the mail between Yass and Young, has been accepted by the governmont.-Yass Courier. PRISONERS' ESCORT.—Yesterday morning the gold escort to Sydney had charge of John Hoare, who had been committed by the police-magistrate of Gundagai, to take his trial at the Goulburn circuit court, for the wilful murder of Nathaniel Gorth, at Reedy Creek. By the same escort two of the chil- dren of the woman Burnett, convicted at last sessions on a charge of stealing watches and money, wore sent to the orphan school at Parramatta.—Yass Courier. Tnre BURrnOWA MAIL.-The tender of Mr. Myles, of Yass, for the conveyance of the mail between that town and "urrows, three times a weekl via Limestone Crcai, has been accepted by the govern ment.-Yase Courier, STEALING MONEY BY A CONSTABLE.—On last Monday evening, Constable John Bright, who for a considerable time past has been stationed at Binalong, was received into Yass gaol, having been committed for trial on a charge of stealing money, the property of Sergeant Hales. The accused is one of the party of police between whom a moiety of the reward offered for the apprehension or shooting of Gilbert, the bushranger, was divided. We understand he received the next largest amount to Sergeant Hales. The reward was paid only some three or four weeks ago, and Hales was in the habit of keeping a considerable portion of his share of it in the barracks. Some loans had taken place be- tween him and the accused, and during their currency Hales missed money on several occasions from the place where he usually deposited it. On [... ... ... ... ... ] belonging to him of which he had taken particular observation when his suspicions were aroused. He immediately communicated with Sub-inspector Stephenson, at Burrowa, who came over to Binalong and searched the trunks of the accused, when more notes belonging to Sergeant Hales were found. Bright was brought before the magistrates and com- mitted for trial.—Yass Courier. Tise Il,\rInwoon PosTratnSTea.-A petition is in course of signature amongst the residents of the dis trict requesting the unthoritie? to makle the officesof: Braidwood postmaster an official office and eoxpres sing the confidence of the petitioners in the gentle man who at present fills it. The petition has already been very numerously signed, and will, we under stand, be forwarded in a few days to Sydney, when there is every reason to believe that the prayer of the petitioners will be immediately acceded to.. This manifestation of the unimpaired confidence of the public in Mr. Harrison, has been considered neces sary in order that it may be shown that, whatever irregularities have taken place in the conduct of the Braidwood post-office by the regretted occurrence of the late defalcations on the part of the former assistant, the postmaster himself is considered en tirely free from blame in the matter. We are very glad that a movement of this sort has been made, not so much on account of any need of it in the dis trict itself, where the correct and punctual perform ance by 1r. Harrison of his duties are fully known and acknowledged, as to take away any doubts in the matter that may have been engendered in the minds of persons in other parts of the colony from not being in full possession of the whole of the cir cumstances of the irregularities which have been referred to.-Braidwood Dispatch. IMPOUNDED AT BUNGENDnoec, On the 12th October, from Briars estate, by order of Thos. Shanahan; driving, 2s. Gd.:-Baey mare, broken, pulled tail, white face, deformed near fore log, gW over cross near shoulder, aged, 16 hands high.-- Also, from Sand Hills, by Bowen and McAlister; driving, 2s. Gd.:-Chesnut Pony, star, docked tail, like 5 over A near shoulder, A near thigh, A off shoulder, 4 years old, 14 hands high. Driving, 3s. ld. each: Bay horse, star, docked tail, JD over RH near shoulder, like R near cheek, 4 years old, 15 hands high; bay horse, pulled tail, star, like OIT or GM off shoulder, 5 years old, 15 hands high.-J. A. Wil liams, poundkeoeper.--s. 3d. IMPOUNDED AT GUNDAnRO, on 16th October, from Fairfield, by John Elliott :-Red steer, NP (the N writing capital) off sump, 33 sideways over 33 and NP (the N writing capital) near ribs, piece off both ears ; red steer, NP (the N writing capital) off rump, notch, in off ear; red and white steer, NP (the N writing capital) off rump, notch in off ear; spotted cow, NP (the N writing capital) off rump, notch in off ear.-T. Paine, poundkeeoper.-4s. 9d. IMPOUNDED AT GUNNING, on the 20th October, from Waggallulla; damages Is. ld.:-Grey mare, collar marked, ^ over JB conjoined near shoulder, 7 years old, 16i hands high.- On the 21st, from Burryong; damages 2s. each:-Brown mare, small star, like SI near shoulder, 4 years old, 161 hands high; bay colt, star, hind feet white, DB near shoulder, 3 yeats old,15 hands high. If not released before the 9th November, they will be sold.-W. Rudd, poundkeeper.-4s. 3d. 