NEW YEAR'S DAY AMUSEMENTS. CLEVELAND REGATTA. The second annual regatta, at Cleveland, which took place on January 2, and it may be pronounced a success. The programme was carefully carried out, and the result seemed to afford very general satisfaction; and many persons express their intention to exert themselves to ensure its repetition next year. Cleveland is in an eminent degree a favorable place for aquatic recrea- tions, and we trust that its New Year regatta, may on each successive occasion be as great an improvement on the previous one, as this was on its predecessor. About twenty minutes to 9 o'clock am the flagship Settler, with several members of the committee and a large number of ladies and gentlemen, left Raff's wharf and proceeded down the river. The journey to the scene of the day's amusements the most enjoyable ; the weather was clear and bright, and a fresh north-east breeze gave promise of close contests in the sailing races. Much discussion as to the merits of the various boats entered for the different races, and for the yacht race" especially, ensued as a matter of course is but although many spoke in favor of the " Gleam." yet the Kate was v the prime favorite. The formation of an association similar to the Sydney Royal, Yacht Club was mooted. The suggestion found much favor with those interested in aquatic sports nada large number of influential gentlemen expressed their willingness to support such an institution. We believe that a meeting is to be held shortly for the purpose of of considering what steps shall be taken in the matter. Conversation on these and kindred topics whiled away the time most pleasantly until the steamer arrived at the Cleveland new jelly, at about half-past 11 o'clock. She remained there for a few minutes, to land some passengers, and then took up her station as flag ship some little distance to the eastward of the old stone jetty. A delay of nearly an hour and a half occurred, during which the starter, Mr. A. R. Jones, was actively engaged in getting the different craft into their respective stations. In the interval the Ipswich, 8 with a freight of holiday-seekers from Brisbane, arrived and anchored between the flag ship and the jetty and shortly afterwards the Lady Young, s., cargo and anchored alongside the Settler. She was crowded with passengers, and as she was decorated with bunting from deck to truck, presented, a very gay and holiday like appearance. By this time Mr. A. R. Jones had succeeded in inducing a number of erratic boats that were sailing hither and thither on the broad surface of the bay to take up their stations, in the order decided by lot the night of entrance. The regatta was successful in one respect, inasmuch as all the boats for the sailing races were started at one time. The arrangement was unquestionably a judicious one, as it enabled the large number of excursionists from town to fastness the finish, and yet return to Brisbane before nightfall. It also added to the interest of the scene by keeping a fleet of various sued craft in a group over a large portion of the course, allowing them to be scattered at wide intervals. The various competitors were drawn up in three divisions, according to the race for which they were entered, The open boats for the first race were moored off the Point to the northward of the Hon. Mr. Bigge's saw-mill, and the lighters still further to the northward and a little to the eastward of these ; while the yachts chose their moorings close to the eastern extremity of the old jetty. At 1.10 p.m. the starting gun was fired, and, as the report sounded over the waters, the boats might be rapidly seen getting underweigh. FIRST RACE-To start at 11.30 a.m. For all open boats. Course From Flagship cuT Cleve fund jetty, round a boat off' Hope's, thence round a boat off' Cassim's, and back to Flagship. Sweepstakes of £1 10s., with prize of £15 added. Second prize, £1 10s. St all-white with Red Star. W. D. White 1 Flamingo. Red. Dodds. 2 Wanderer White and Blue. E. Price 3 Petrel Blue with White Cross. Amateur Boatclub 0 This race started at some distance from the flagship, which rendered it difficult to see which was the first boat off. The Star, however, soon took the lead, followed by the Flamingo, the Wanderer third. This order was maintained to the finish, when the Star came in first, beating the Flamingo by three minutes; that boat, the Flamingo, carried off the second prize from the Wanderers by two minutes and thirty seconds. 'The time occupied was one hour. The Petrel did not put in on appearance, owing, we believe, to some difficulty in obtaining a crew for her. SECOND RACE-To start at 11.30 a.m. For all yachts or first-class sailing boats. Course From flagship, round a boat off Hope's, thence round a boat off Cleveland Point, thence round a boat off Cassim's, and back. Sweepstakes of £3, with a prize of £20 added. Second prize, £3. Kate. Black. E. B. Forrest 1 Frolic White with Red Cross. F. E. Bigge 2 Gleam Blue and White Victoria Cross, Amateur Boat Club 3 "Whirlwind. Rod ling with White Star and Crescent. F. F. Campbell ... 4 This was expected to have been the most exciting race, and a sharp contest was expected to have taken pla. e between the Kate, we hirl»»ind, and Gleimi. Such, however, was not the result. The Frolic HMAS first off, closely followed by the Kate and Whirlwind. The Gleam lost a good mile before she was fairly underweigh. The Kate was the first to round the boat off Hope's, while the Frolic was close at hand ; the Whirlwind third and the Gleam a long way astern. The Kate having got the land stood out well to windward, and by the time she had rounded the second boat there was very little doubt as to which would take the prize. The Frolic took the second place easily. There was a close race for the third place between the Gleam and the Whirl- wind, the latter being beaten by thirty seconds. The course was stated to be between seven and eight miles in length. The signal for starting was fired at 1.10 p.m., and the boats came in respectively at the following hours:-Kate,2.31 pm. s Frolic, 2.55 20 BOC. pm. ; Gleam, 3.1 pm. ! Whirlwind, 3.1 30 sec. THIRD RACE-To start at 11.30 a.m. For all craft trading in or about the Bay, including coral boats, lighters, ace. Time for tonnage half a minute per ton. Course, same as 2nd race. Sweepstakes of £2, with a prize of 200 added. Second prize, £6. John Weatherstone White flag with black ball. w Loutit Hamlet's Ghost. Yellow. G Harris. 2 Perseverance White. G. Harris. .., 3 Wild Wave Red. G. Harris. 4 Coral Queen Blue and White. Price... 5 Exchange Blue. G. Harris. 6 Dauntless Black. G. Harris. 7 Ann-st. George's Cross. Parker. ,,. 8 The Hamlet's Ghost was the first to get underweigh, and the John Weatherstone second. The others left their mooring pretty much at the same time. The John Weatherstone, handled in a very excellent manner, came in, a winner in gallant style. The Perseverance was the second to pass the flag ship on the return, and the Hamlet's Ghost third, but being allowed five minutes for the difference in tonnage, she was declared winner of the second prize. She was the only vessel, that sustained any damage, having carried away her topmast and split her mainsail during the race. The craft came in in the following order : Tons.' n. ii, s. John Weatherstone 15 2 85 0 Perseverance 24 2 44 6 Hamlet's Ghost 44 2 46 3 Wild Wave. 86 2 45 23 Exchange . 36 2 500 Coral Queen ..." 20 2 55 0 Dauntless . 21 2 59 0 Ann ... , 8 2 0 FOURTH RACE-To start at 2 p.m. For all four or five-oared boats, pulled by blacks. Course from flagship round boat off Bigge's jetty and back to flagship Prize - One bag flour, one bag sugar, and 1 lb. tobacco. Immediately after the conclusion of the two last-mentioned races this match was started. Two boats only were entered, and were started fairly. At the going off the steersman of one of the boats afforded much amusement by his energetic gesticulations. His display of enthusiasm, however, did not prevent his opponents from winning the much coveted prize, which was awarded to the boat's crew belonging to a sable son of the soil rejoicing in the sobriquet of Monkey. This brought the day's sport to a conclusion, and, as it was then nearly three o'clock, the Settler got underweigh, and after touching at Bigge's jetty to re-embark the passengers who had landed in the morning, she turned her head homewards. She arrived at Raff's wharf after a pleasing passage of nearly three hours' duration. Throughout the weather was most agreeable, being clear, bright, and sunny, but not so hot as to prevent a thorough enjoyment of the excursion. A fresh north-east wind blew steadily through the day, and gave all the craft a fair opportunity of exhibiting their sailing qualities. ERSTES DEUTSCHES SCHUTZE FEST. SOOIAULH fellows are our German brethren, and they really observe a holiday as it should be enjoyed. They determine upon having a good picnic after their own fashion, and they always succeed in carrying it out in a manner not to their own satisfaction only, but to that of those who belong to other nations. They have the happy facility of creating sunshine, even although a large cloud hangs above them always joyous, and never depressed by adverse circumstances. The picnic which they gave on January 2, was certainly a great success. Although it had been postponed for a week, those who were present at the pleasant gathering which took place in a pretty valley which lies beyond Mr. W. L. G. Drew's residence, and near to the homestead of Mr. W. C. Belbridge appeared thoroughly to enjoy themselves, and the delay which had been occasioned through the unpropitious weather a week before had not apparently any effect in checking the enthusiasm which was universally displayed by those who were present, for entering into and enjoying the games and sports associated with their own fatherland. The steamer Diamond took down a large number of the visitors, but there were many who proceeded to the trysting-place in cars and other vehicles. At one time it was estimated that there were about three hundred persons on and near the camping-place. To Mr. Lenneberg, of the Cafe de Paris, was entrusted the task of satisfy- ing the thirst of all, and considering the bad spot which was selected for the encampment, he managed very well. The gingerbeer and lemonade were certainly very hot, as also were other equally enticing liquors. Fowls and pigs had a sultry appearance about them ; but what of that? It was a picnic. First on the programme was rifle-shooting at a target 200 yards distant. We cannot compliment the gentlemen who entered for the prizes upon their good firing, but we think that in this case the rifles were not confine at fault. They were not what they should have been for short distance firing. The bull's eye was hit only once, and that by Mr. Heussler, who was firing off a tie. He consequently obtained the first prize, and also a prettily wreathed scarf manufactured by some ladies out of gum-sprigs and wild flowers, The score, when declared, was as follows: Reinholdt Hippo .... ... 2 Henrich 3 Juegcns .... .... 4 Heussler .... 5 Weber ;.. '.. 6 Throng ...' .- - ... 7 Pnctzoldt.8 Eiscl ., j. 9 Although Heussler made a centre, others to whom he was opposed made more points and indeed, there were some instances in which the firing was very good towards the end espe- ? dally. On the whole, however, as we remarked above, it was not so good as was expected. To the English visitors the various glees sung during the day afforded a great deal of pleasure. At about one o'clock the national song of Water and Was sung most admirably and considering the present juncture of affairs in Europe, it is pleasing to know that here the Germans are united, and that, although they can meet together and enjoy themselves, they still preserve the national love for their country in a proportion equal to that displayed by Englishmen for theirs. " After luncheon Dr. Emmol having addressed the ladies and gentlemen present at some length, and so interesting was the speech that it was listened to with the greatest attention, although other sports were in anticipation. He referred briefly to the stand in the cause of freedom which had always been maintained by the German people I and stated that they had by their conduct set an example to Englishmen. Shortly afterwards he distributed the prizeswhiehhad been won by the rifle shooters, some of which were very valuable, making the ceremony of distribution pleasant by various happy remarks. The hoop-game for ladies then followed, and after that dancing-though by the way that had been kept up at intervals throughout the day. Merriment. in every form contributed to prolong the day's enjoyment, and it was late before the sounds of music were lost to the pretty little valley which was the scene of of the Erstes Deutsches Schulzen Tests. Dr. Von Lossberg, of Ipswich, stated that he had been requested by the Germans of that town to represent them, and to express a hope on their behalf that on a future occasion they would be able to join their countrymen in Brisbane. " 