A REAL LIVE GHOSTr.-We are indebted to a gentle man, who desires us to conceal his name for the pree nt, for the following re markable story, it having been his bona fide experi. nce on the night of Tuesday la-t, dnr ing the prevalence of the storm. As he is well known rnd respected for sobriety and veracity it must not be thought that it was eithe r a drunken hallucination or a barefaced mendalcity. He had been engaeged until a late hour over sundry ledger accounts (hS is a commercial man), and it was not until the cluck struck one that he was remnindled that an anxious wife awaited him, whose invariable and conjugal ruld was never to retire until her hu-band returned. Closing his ledger, be locked the patent safe, and extingui.hed the light previous to mnaking his exit. He cheeri the back office, and was in the act of unlock ing the front door to leave, when he bethought himself of a memeorandunm which he had left behind himrn. Entering the back office again, he stood aghast and transfixed at a eight which appalled every sense, and rendered the strong nman as helpless as a child. Tcere, through a dinm ethersal phosphorescent haze, seanted in the very chair he had just vacated motionless, ghatly,. melancholy- traneparent and absorbed, was a figure not of this world, with a face like the face of the dead, and its w hole attention seemningly devoted to the ledger, whlich uwas open before it. Immediately belhindl thie apparition was the iron sate, which our informant is positive in hasinglockedl, and this was also open! lie describes his feelings on the occasion to have been horrible in the extreme. and to use his own words, English phraseology does not include language sufi ciently impressive to explain the intense torture crowded into the brief space of stew minutes. I-e essayed to speak-he was dumb, le en deavored to turn froct the apartment, but thad no power to move; he sought to dits act his own attention by closing his eyes and shut ting out the fearful vision, but every nerve and muscle seemted paralysed, and lie was no longer a free agent. Gradually thle apart ment grew inteneely luminous, and stats and spangles of exceeding beauty flitted hither andl thither, without noise, but with seewing order and rcglaerity. Our friend says that could the scene hlave been transferred to the hoaerds of a tlheatre, and introduced in some grand spectacular piece, it would hlave ree.li sed a fbrtune for the happy manager in a very short timee. But the torture of a great fear was upon hlim, for he knew himcself to be faice to face with sonme dread presence which hlad no affinity with humaninity. The liglht then gradually waned, and the figure, whiclh with out atny effort rose from thle chair to a supernatural hleight, seemed gradu ially to become absorbed into the subtle element which furmiedl its atmnolphere. Our informant, an athleltic man, remembers no nmore. The exceeding tension of nerve and sense could bear no more, and lie sank insensible to the floor. Upon returning con sciousness he found the merry nmorning sun lighlt floodeng the apartmnent-everythieg in its place and order as he left it-safe locked and ledger closed, but the clock-an eight day clock, which hadl been wound up thle pre vious morning-had sttopped at the hour of onie! lThe story is a strange one, and to some of our readers may appear incredible, but we have the fullest reliance in the honor and serious veracity of the narrator. "There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy."-JIocllhaarnpton lArgus. UOBEYING THE PRIEST.-An Irishman made a sudden rush into a druggist's shop, took from his pocket a soda-water bottle, filled to the brim with some pure liquor, and haading it across the counter, exclaimed, "There doc tor, snuff that, will you?" The "doctor" did as he was directed, and pronounced the liquor to be genuine whiskey. "1 hannk you, doctor," said the Irishman. "Hand it to me again, if you please" 'Tihe "doctor" again did as directed, and asked what he meant. ei Och, thin," said Pat, "if you will have it, the priest told me not to drink any of this unless I got it from se doctor. So here's your health and the priest's health." THEOLoor AND POLITICS.-bome years ago Mr. Bright was going to a town on the Sutherland coast. While the coach was going througlh a certain pearish, the worthyl nuisiter thereof msounted, and sat beside Julohn Bright. They began tIo discuss politics. After ane hile, the minister said, with a twang and dialect we cannot copy, "I'll tell) oi what it is, we'll never hlave peace until that blackguard, John Bright, be hanged. He is trying to Acnericaeice our institutions, end do away entirely with the glorius counstitution of Great Britain."-" Oh," says the Ml.P., "') ou would surely not hang him ?"- Hung hml I" replied the cminister; "I woulld just hung hliim mcyself as high as the tree. The black. guarld Cobden is hadl, but lhe is ten d, grees worse. Ohi, lee should be burnt, burnt!" In sometlhing of the same strain the converea tion went on all the way. After service, Le was compilimeented by the clergymant for whom hle officiated on the sfen audience he hadl, "and amsong thic rest," said he, 1Lyou had Mr. Bright, M.P. fur Biruinigham." " W here did lee sit !" says the umeiaster. IHe was told where the stout M.P. sat. "Goodl Heavens I" lee exclaimned, " what have I doneI He came down on the coach with me, and I called him a blackguard, 'andl said Ie should be burned 1" 