HUNG BY THE NECK. I DID not commit the murder. That I solemnly aver, with the fear of God before roy eyes, and in tbo hope of meroy hereafter. I know, I ac knowledge, I confess, if you choose, that it was a murder, a " most foul and unnatural murder," a murder of the meanest, most despicable, and most brutal nature) but it was far from my thought or disposition to commit Buch a, murder, and I did not commit it. I know, also, and acknowledge, that the proof was very strong against mo'; as Btrong, I think, as circumstantial evidence can be ; and I have no word of blame for the witnesses whose testi mony bore so hard upou me, for the proBeouting attorney who placed the case in so clear and terrible a light, for the judgo whose charge was eo pointedly and severely against me, nor for tho jury who pronounced me guilty after the mere form of a consultation, 'the witnesses, the prosecuting attorney, the judge, the jury, aud roy own counsel, evidently believed me guilty) and even tho last I have no right to nlame for the lukewarmness with which he conducted my defence. All the great crowd of excited and indignant spectators who throDged the court room and the village during the trial, believed me guilty, and olamoured for iny blood. The case was hopeless; for there was but one person, besides the Almighty and myself, who was able to declare my innocence. Could he bo ekpebted to do so ? By no means, lie was riotiDg in "wealth, procured by the commission of the guilty act ; he had married the woman of his ohoicc, nod wns living in easo. and luiury, if not ,in. happiness. Besides, lie bad gone upon bis wedding tour shortly after I waB arrested, and was supposed, at tho day of trial, to be sojourn ing in sunny an'd beautiful Italy. Could it be supposed that be would givo up, voluntarily, after years of embarrassment and poverty, his great wealth, his splendid mansion and equip ages, his lovely wife, and his own young life, to save the paltry existenco of an old wretch, lone and 'unprotected, and "Of little pr no valfeo'to society? Of course not. Do I blame him? You shall sec. Let him pass for the present. I have noticed— for I have always been a closo observer, and my reasoning powers are rather better than the average — that in cases of great and terrible crimes, the very nature of the crime is an argument against tho individual who is charged with it ; that tho public, ruthless odcI indisoriminatiug, are always ready to prejudgo a prisoner who is on trial for the commission of an atrooious offence, and to magnify tho cvidenoe according to tho magnitude of the crime. Thi6 is unquestionably wVong> for tho greater the atrocity of the offence the stronger should be the evidence required to convict) bit it is human nature, as I have seen is, and tbo chances of acquittal oanndt ba increased by any safe- guards tho law may throw around the ' accused. It is too often the case, that "such circum stantial evidence as would not suffice to send a man to prison for stealing a pockctbook, will consign him to tho gallows for 'the commission of some horrible and revolting crime. In tho matter of the murder of Mr. Briggs you have seen how intensely the peoplo were excited against Franz Muller, the supposed murdorcr, and what a powerful impression of his guilt "existed among tnem. Was this caused by the evidouee, such as it was, that was adduced against him ? No ; but by the enormity of the crime with which ho was charged, 'the murder and robbery of an old man in a railway carriage, uud the throwing of tho body from the window, upon the track. The people feel, very naturally, that someone must be punished for such offences, if only to terrify others from the commission of them, and the people hip not always very par ticular about punishing tho right'mao'. The witnesses, also, ore probe to be prejudiced by the enormity of the' crime; and their preju dice shows itself in unintentional exaggerations of facts and circumstances bearing against the accused. Such exaggeration's were especially detrimental to me in ray case, but I do not know that I can reasonably blame the witnesses, for 'their conduct was natural. To be Buro, the Widow Hopping, Sir. Carringtoh's housekeeper, need not have svvorb tbat'I Was the 14st person seen in the company of the old gentleman. I was, doubtless, tho last person seen by her in bis company, and that was all slie knew about it; but her belief in my guilt led to the exaggera tion. To be sure, the farmer's boy who mot mo in the lane need hot have sfrorh so pointedly that I wa9 " deathly " pale, was " tremendously" excited, refused to speak, and looked, for all the world, like a man who had just committed a tnurder. Had he ever seen a man who hadjust committed a murder ? It was true that I was excited, and I had reason to be, for I had just seen a murder 'com mitted. To be sure, tho court need not have laid such great stress upon the fact that Mr. Oarrington's wbtch was found in my possession, for it waB known that ho had frequertly in trusted me with it, for the purpose of halting it repaired. If the watchmaker had not boen so deeply impressed by the horror of the crime, trod so fully convinced of iny guilt, he might have remembered the different occasions on which I had taken that watch to him. To be sure, the physicians — " learned/' of course — who were called to the stand, need not have been so positive in their belief that the blood upon my coat-sleeve was human blood, for it was really the blood of a chicken which I bad killed the night bfefore the murder ; biit their judg ments were warped by the certainty of my guilt. To he sure my counsel in his lukewarm defence, and the judge in bis savage charge, might have made a point in my favour of my entire lack of motive for the commission of such a crime, except the paltry motive of wishing to gain possession of a watch of little value; hut it seemed that the lack of motive was only an ag gravation' of tho crime, and' rendered my giiilt more certain as well as more detestable. There were many Other instances of straining facts against me, and slurring over oircumstanoes that : should have worked to my advantage; hut let them all pass. The community demanded a victim ; and if tho evidence had been miich weaker, still I must have been sacrificed. I made no defence. I had no witnesses to offer, except as to the good terms on whioh I had stood with old Mr. Carrington, one of the few men who bad treated me like a human being, aud those witnesses so boggled at their statements and mingled with them so many if$ and duds, that tboy served only to prejudice my case. I could (ell my counsel no line of defence to. em ploy, as I oould only assert my innocence. When the jury rendered their terrible verdict, it did not ohaDgo me, qs I bad been certain of my fate, and my composure was set down to hard- nesB of heart and the dogged consciousness of crime. Wbeh I stood up, by the order of the judge, and was eBlced if I had anything to say why the sentence of death should not be passed upon me, I answered nothing, except my usual calm statement, that I was an innocent man, a statement that was received, of course, by court jury, and spectators, with a derisive smile. They knew nothing of the fearfnl statement that I could have made, if I had chosen to do so. Why, you may reasonably nk, did I forbear to make that statement ? Why did I forbear to defend myself, if I knew myself an innocent man, on a trial that might consign my, body to death, and my reputation to ignominy ? Simply be-, cause it would have been useless, worse than useless. I knew that the ease was prejudged, and that my conviction was certain. Even if that had not been so, how would my unsupported statement, though made solemnly before God, and in the face of man, have been regarded ? As a deliberate, baseless, purposeless lie) as a bor-! rihle attempt to destroy the reputation of a good! family ; as a foul libel upon the fair same of a young gentlemaD, Vrbo, by his sudden ac'cension to a large fortune', had become one of the most, respected citizens of the county. The enraged populace would probably bavo torn mo in pieces, but of that I had no fear. . If my coUoscl had attempted such a line of defence his business- prospects would have been blasted ; but that would not have troubled me. It was enough to go down to my grave by an ignominious death, and with the reputation of it murderer, Without being accused of dyieg with a base lio on my lips, or being guilty of the vilest moral perjury. To bo sure, the accusation would have been false) as my story would have been true ; but not a word that I might have Eaid would have been . believed, and my memory would havo been loaded with additional execrations. I could only trust that the good providence of God might set the matter right. I will tell you, if you choose to listen, the tale that I might have told tlie Court, (and I will tell it as briefly as I can. It may be told now, because George Carrington has gone to his long account, and before this narrative can reach the public, I will have followed bim. I was almost an outcast — a homeless, wretched, repentant man. My youth had been one of respectability and promise, but rum had been my bane. It had sent my wife to an early grave, had destroyed ihy business, rumed my reputa tion, and embittered my whole life. I had re formed, it is truo) hut was, as I have said, a harmless,.. wretched, repentant man. I slept wherever I could get a chance, and picked up a soanty living by doing odd jobs of all kinds. Though I was near starving or freezing, at times, I never stole, and I never begged. Still, I was looked down upon as an outcast, and no way in life was open to me. The only man who was ever really kind to me was old Mr. CarriDg- tOD, who used to employ ma to go on errands, and who often gave me other work, and showed me many favours. It is true that he paid me scantily enough, but he always, spoke kindly, and seemed to pity the, for which I loved bim. Miles CarriDgton was. an old man, riob, and extremely penurious. Ho had plenty of money, and showed a determination to keep it, hardly affording decent raiment or sufficient provisions for himself and his family. IIo lived in his great house, with his son George and an old housekeeper — tho Widow Hopping. The house keeper was a half-crazy old crone, who was glad to work for board; lodging, aud a few common clothes. George Carriogton was a smart, handsome, high-spirited young man of twenty-three, with expensive desires and small means of gratifying them. It may be imagined what sort of a life ho led in that gloomy hovel, and ho was careful to keep out of it as much as possible. His father furnished him with less spending-money than any schoolboy of the neighbourhood might have, and seemed to take particular delight in snub bing him. It must be confessed that George was by no means an obedient son. Ho was always ready to aggravate the old man — exeept when he was anxious for money, at which times he was docile enough. Ho often declared that he could stand it no longer, but would " strike out" in the world for himself ; but Miles Oar- ringtou kept him at home by threatening to strike him out of his will. So George stayed at homo, hoping, I cannot doubt, that the old man would " drop off." George was dissipated, as much so as he could be, under tho circum stances. He found those who were willing to credit bim on the scoro of his father's wealth, and ho used suoh credit freely. But his creditors became clamorous for their dues, and the old man would give him no money to pay them. To add to his troubles, ho fell in love with Mary, the only daughter of Simon Maberly, a rich old carmudgcoo, who was only a little less miserly than old Carrihgton. Maberly was willing that the children should marry, and agreed to settle a oertain sum upon his daughter, if Carrington would do the same for hiB son. But it was in vain that George, who was really deeply in love, raved, threatened, teased, promised, and pro tested. The old man wa9 deaf to all his en treaties, and would only say that if he would stay at home and " behave himself," for a year or two, he would thiok about it. This vague aDd distant hope, as might becxpeotcd, would not do for George, and there was many a stormy scene between father and son. At last, it eeemed as if mailers must com'o to a crisis. George's creditors daily became more clamoroiis, and he fell daily more deeply in love. The old ihan was still cold, calm, and provoking, and tho young man was sad) moody, and sullen. I have said that old Miles Carrington treated me kindly. He was freakish aDd eccentric, and that was probably one of his whims. One Satur day night; I went up to bis bouse to get my pay for repairing a bridge across the mill stream that ran through his laud. He was not willing to pay me at tho time, sayiDg that I must go with him to show him the work. Tho Widow Hopping gave hirh his hat and cane; and we set out together, aB she stated at tho trial. The bridge was about a quarter of a mile from tho house, and tho lane led through a thiok grove. The old man examined the work, and was pointing out somo moro alterations that ho desired me to make, when George Carrington came aoross the bridge. His- father addressed him roughly. " George," said he, " why are yoii out here to-night ? You should havo been hoine before this.", " Fathor," answered the yoting ihan, soberly and oalmly, "I want some money. I need it more than I can tell you. Besides, I want to settle that matter about Mary Maberly, for I can sthnd.this no longer." , " Go to the houso, Goorge. I will not talk with you here. You are out too late already." With these words the old man pulled out bis watch, an old-fashioned, silvor-cased timepieoe, and held it up with an expression of disgust. " Confound it j" he exclaimed, " it has stopped again. Here, Aspern" (my name is Christian Aspern), " take this watch to Mr. Staokpole's, and tell him that if ho can't put it in order he may keep tho good-for-nothing thing. Come up in the morning, and I will settle With you." I took the watoh, bid Mr. Carrington good night, and started off through the grove, as that was my nearest way to the village. I heard angry words between the two, but did not notice them, as I had often heard such before. I had gone but a short distance when I recollected a message that I was to deliver to Mr. CarriDgton, aDd I started back to speak of it. Looking between 'the trees", I saw George suddenly draw a knife, with which he struck his father in the breast. The old man fell to the ground with a groan. As for me, I was so startled and horror- struck that for a few mo ments I could Deither speak nor move. The deed may have been unpremeditated on the part of the young man, the result of sudden passion. If so, why did bo carry the knife ? Howover that may be, his subsequent proceed ings furnished the murderous intent, for be kneeled down deliberately, drew the kDife across the old man's 'throat, and then rolled the body iuto tbo turbid stream. Then he suddenly dis appeared, I know not in what direotion. Georgo Carrington, as I afterwards learned, took his precautions wisely and well, with all the coolness and circumspection of a Veteran manager. He immediately returned home by a circuitous route, and inquired for his father. He was told that ho had goue out with me to the bridge. " Well," eaid George, " I suppose that old fool Aspern will keep him out an hour or so; I may as well go to bed." Ho then took his caudle and retired to his bed/ and the old woman did tho same, as Mr. CarriDgton had a pass-key. While the young villain was carrying it out so bravely, how did I act ? Like a fool— a crazy fool. I was so dumbfounded that I was unable to stir until George disappeared, and then I knew not what to do. I must confess that j was mean eDough at the moment to he glad of the death ; for tho old man' in ono of his whims had left mo. a9 ho said, a considerable legacy in his will. This circumstance, I may add, was afterwards discovered, and was used against aie with bitter and terrible efect at the "trial, although the legacy was an old will that had been annulled. Why, you may ask, did I not givo the alarm and 'denounce the murderer ? It would have been iiael'ess, as useless as a similar declaration at tho trial three months later. I. only felt that I must not stay there, and as I hurried down tho lane I was met by the farmer's boy, who strained his evidence against me oh tho trial. He spoke to me, but I did not answer, and hurried on. Then the full horror and hopelessness "of my situation burst upon me sud denly. In an instant I saw the whole chain- work of evidence that would bind me. I felt that my unsupported evidence would amount to nothing, or worse than nothing. I was sure that my only course was to fly. I thought of tho watoh, and concluded that it would be Lest to keep it, as I might use it in paying my expenses. I did fly, that is, I attempted to fly. I was apprehended, tho watch was found upon me, and the evidence was complete. Miles Carrington had dieci without a will, and George came into possession of his immenso estate. It was not considered strange that he wasted no time, in mourning for his father, as there had been no love lost between them. Simon Maberly was then anxious for the matoh, and George soon married his Mary, and was off. Such was the tale that I might have told to the Court. Suoh was the crime for which I was tried, oonvioted. and hanged. Yes, I was hanged ! It was tho sentence of the Court that I should bo hubg by the neck until I was dead; and the sentence was carried out. I do not know how it all happened. I know that I lay for a time in gaol, aod that, I was at last taken out and led to the scaffold. I remem ber the scaffold, the horrible gallows, and the sickening sensation I experienced at tho sight of the rope. What followed was more like a dream than a reality. I felt tho cap drawn over iny faco, and the noose slipped and tightened around my neck. Then something gave way beneath me, and I was "brought up" with a sudden jerk that convulsed my whole frame, and seemed to deaden all my nerves. There was a horrible choking, strangling sensation ; my eyes Beemed to be starting out of my head, aud burning there ; all sorts of brilliant lights flashed and blazed before me. Then there was a blank, and I knew nothing until But I must mention here; as I learned after ward; that, when I was cut down, my body was not given to my friends for interment. I had no friends. By a private arrangement between the gaol authorities and a surgeon, the hated corpse wa9 given to him for purposes which may be imagined. I was conveyed to his office. He examined me and discovered that the work of the law had been done most bunglingly ; that it was only a case of partial strangulation. Tho story is soon told'. Tho surgeon was a man who did hot believe in any kind bf ihurdor judicial or otherwise; and he allowed me to live. I was resuscitated, concealed, restored to health, and seDt far away ; and, strange to relate, I be came rich', .comparatively, and gained a social position. At the end of foiir. yeats, I learned that my friendly surgeon was dead j and then I retilrned to the scene of my troubles, so disguis ed that recognition was impossible. My new life had done me good ; and, although I was growing old, I was as strong and robust as I was before my constitution was destroyed by rum. I discovered that my memory Had not died out of the hearts of the peoplo of tHe neighbour hood, biit wbb still hated and exoorated. I dis covered that George Carripgton was residing in the old house ; that his wifo had died suddenly, and that he was liviDg openly with a mistress. He was still rich j but his wealth was faEt melt- iDg away ; for George Carrihgtbh bad become ex cessively dissipated, and his property wiisleft to go to ruin as it chose— whioh itohose to do very rapidly. His. health was undermined: and it was said that he was dying of consumption. I knew better, or believed that I did: I know that remorse for his two-fold crime Had driven him into the oareor of feoklpSB dissipation, and that the remorse and the dissipation together ivere hurrying him to his grave. Some said thai sorrow for tho loss of His wife had caused a re- vival of his former habits, and had brought about his ruin ; but 1, who ought to know, oould have told them — though I did not — that it was re morse, and nothing else. I HaVe said that I was effectually disguised when I returned ; but it was not the face I brought home witH me, and which had become familiar to the village, that Georgo Carrington saw peering in at his window, one night when be was carousing with his companions. It was the face of Christian Aspern, the man who was hung, the man who had suffered for his crime. With a yell of horror he sprang from his seat and sank back, his face deathly psile, and hislimbs trembling convulsively. " What is the matter, Carrington ?" eagerly inquired his friends. " A ghost!" answered the frightened parricido so soon as He oould speak. " The ghost of that man who killed my father, and who was hung." . They rushed to the window hut saw nothing. They laughed dt him, and said he had been drink ing. too freely. The next day, George Carrington was seized with an attack of 'delirium tremens, not the first he had had. I obtained entrance to bis bouse) 1 gained the confidence of his mistress, and nursed him through his sickness. Before ho.had fairly recovered, .he saw the ghost again', and iu a form more fearful than before. He fell iuto a fit, and awoke with a terrible fever. In his delirium he told tho story of the murder, aod then there wob remorse in moro than one house. Tho fever was too stroDg for his shattered constitution) and 'wheii he again saw the ghost, standing by his bedside, he utter ed a shriek of terror and despair, and George Carrington breathed out his guilty soul. Do you call this rcvengo. It was not revenge. I have always believed that vengeneo belongs to the Lord, aod to him I have left him. It was adjust and righteous retribution upon this double criminal, of which the Lord made me, his second victim, the humble instrument. If it was wroDg, if I was mistaken in my mission, 1 shall soon bo judged by Him from whose tribunal there is no appeal ; for I have but a few more days to livo. I shall die, but not in tho town in which I was hung by the neck; and the people who hunted me to an ig- Dominious death, as they thought, will not know the full truth concerning their neighbour- hood-tragedy until this narrative shall see the light. . St. Andrews FiVtv YeJLrs Ago. — The St. Andrews of fifty years ago) it must be remem bered, was very 'fur from being the stirring loco motive St. Andrews of the present day — bustling with carriages, omnibuses, and hotels, ami with all the other appliances of a gay, welKfre'cuented watering place. No able " Man of Ross" had yet arisen to disturb the ancient solitary reign, or ruffle the raven-down of darkness there: to set his firm foot on the neck of prejudice in this her last strong-hold ; let in the day-spring of modern : science on street and market- place) and repair the old waste places, the desolations of many generations. It was a quiet, isolated old town, always 'interesting to the eye and mind of the thoughtful, from its picturesque views, and associations with the early Christian saints, but it 'could not then boast of a single daily convey ance in any one direction. Of mercantile business of any kind, except what was involved in the shopkeeping necessary to supply the simple wants of tlie frugal inhabitants, there may be sdid _ to have been none. The fishing trade was carried on by the poorer part of the population, but owing to the difficulty of transit, not to any considerable extent) and therefore the price of such a perish able commodity was, <'f course, very low — a shilling, or even sixpence, being thought remu neration sufficient for a dozen of good haddocks', a capital cod fish, or for a whole hundred of her rings) and as the catching of them, generally performed in tlie night, on a rocky dangerous coast, often imperilled the lives -of those who practised it, it is little to be wondered that the employment was not attractive to strangers, and was oifly engaged in from father to son by those inured and subdued to it for many geiierations; to whom it did not seem to occur that bread, eveu of the poorest, could be got in any other way. The students came and went at the appointed seasons ; but tlie regular inhabitants, unable to go round tho world every day, and to criticise what was said and done at the antipodes, stayed primitively at home, were obliged to content themselves, instead, with a humdrum tour round the healthful links) and to keep their sympathies awake by the intensity of their interest in the affairs of each other, and of the neighbourhood. Strangers, members of large societies, particularly money-getting people of all sorts, found life there, if life it could be called, a most miserable affair. Three days from London ; and but one post a day, and that not over regular ! It was the merest vegetation — the existence of a dormouse ! But to those accustomed from early habit to the idea of the great world of progress going on with out the support of their constantly manifested sympathies, it was a pleasant enough place to live in for all that. Everybody knew everybody, and if there were sometimes, owing to a dearth of the more intellectual elements, a little more zenl shown in poting and commenting on the short comings oi the improvident, and the escapades of unwary young mpn — in the discussion of such delicate affairs as flirtation, love, and new-fangled intimacies — such inconveniences were often found to be more than made up for by the warm and friendly .sympathy shown in the really important events of life. A birth, a marriage, most of all a death, were not mere incidents to be read of in the newspapers and straightway forgotten. If such contingency concerned a neighbour even remotely, it was then marked, learnt, inwardly digested", ,and socially taken to heart by the whole inhabitants as one family. No wonder, then, that they, on their parts, liked it, with all its faults, far better than they would have done a better place, on the sahio principle that people generally come to prefer the thraldom which importance confers to a liberty that is born of insignificance." — Seageley Court. ..., 