M. ROGEARD'S S ATI BE ON "THETTpd OF CJESAR" ^ The WiWf of M Rogeard-an historicj parallel ol. the 1 second empire—led to his wo! secution, andSie was sentenced to five yS imprisonment; but managed to escape before j adgment--wajB; passrf. .The following is th, concludius passage of the" pamplilet, as trar.7 lated by the Daily Ntm:— h ® trans- " Augustus publishiri%« book upon the revolution he has made! What can be said, in vonr opinion,"of a criminal who publishes the apolnrc of his crime ! To my mind he commits a second crime more difficult, it is true, thau the first (for it iseuderto commit a, crime th»n toiuatif* it), but this second crime, if more difficult, a also more heinous and more deadly, since tbe victims are "more "numerous, the cotiseqnenctj more lasting. The farmer attacks the life 0f men, the latter their conscience ; the one kills the,body, the ntberthe soiil; the one oppresses the "present, the other* the' future. It is the coup d'etat in morals, the creation of disorder injustice systeniatised, the organization of eril' the promulgation of uon-Iaw, the proscription of truth,'the definite defeat of public reason, the general rout 'ofideas, an intellectual battle of Acauin. It is real crowning of an edifice of villany and infamy ; it is also the only possible oue. The book ot Augustus is his life elevated into ah example, his ambition made inuocent bis will formulated into law, it is the code of the malefactors, the bible of the rascals, and it is such a book-that yun wish to criticise publicly under the rule of his good pleasure Yuu wish to make a literary opposition to Augustus. What an-idea-!. Criticism against Octavius • what derision 1 He published no criticisms against Cicero - he killed him. . What! the wretch who assassinates you makes a sermon to you upon assassination, and before finishinghe asks your opinion upou his little coni|msition— yes, your sincere opinion upou the form >nd spirit, your political and literaiy opinion; for hi is au artist .an<1-a goodi'ellow, and he wants to know your opinion ou his work ; aud you really are cuing Jx> tell it him, and while hia koite is on your throat you are going politely to converse with Jhe-executioner. Gnllio, my friend, yua don't think of doing it What would yon s>y ot Verres writing a book upon properly ! Would, you discuss with himf A re the memnire of Oct.-tvius anything else ? Are they not the theory of. usurpation written by .a usurper t They are a school of conspiracy opened by an unpunished conspirator. "I heanthor cannotaav, after all, what he knows : he kiiows how to pillage a city, bntcher a senate, force a treasury in a temple, and rob Jupiter ; he knows bow to make fase keis,- false oaths, aud false testiments ; he knows how to teli lies in the Foram and at the Curia ; to corropt the electors, or da without them ; to kill his wouuded colle&piu; as at Modeiia ; to proscribe en masst, and other princely sports ; be kuuws, according to the method of it be first Ccesar, how to horrowfrom one' to lend' to' another, and make friends on. both sides; lie knows bow by vigorous bound to leap over every barrier atid every rubicou; then, by 'supreme bound raising himself above all laws, divine aud human, makes the perilous leap, whirl, and come down a king. He knows all that, but be does not know a word of histury, or of |K»licics,; or of murals, except of the great —that is to say the morals of the great, ai Caught ill liis faoiily. Nothing is to be found, therefore, in his book which -we want to know and there is a profession in it of what it is dangerous to learn. Helikes the old words, tbe old-coin, the old helmets, but uot the old mantiers. G j and discuss with him some points of grammer! : archas.ilopy, or numismatics. Dolt, who .would do him this honor ! You see quite clearly that that would be to fail into bis snares and play his game. The people of his sort whatever they may say, feel themselves nnder tbe ban -of society f they have left it by a crime, they wish to return gently by a ruse They have only one ambition—to curry favor amongst honest people. For that they assume all disguises ; they go eveiyu-hete in search oftiicir poor lost honor ; you see them begging, crowned mendicants, as "they are, begging esteem from duor,to door j 'tis the only alms that cannot be gi ven to them. Augustus is there ; that driuker •>f blood has no w but one craving, that of praise ; this robber of the empire ot the world wishes to steal i)uly one thing, bis rehabilitation.- But he attempts' the impossible/ - The powerless and desperate effort be makes to save some fragments of his wrecked reputation, that supreme effort to attach his honor to a last bfanch which is about to break,' this last struggle bf Cesar with the-opiuion which overwhelms him, has something "lugubrious and comic about it, like the last grimace on the gallows, or the smile of the gladiator, who wishes to die with i;race. Tbe boob.-of Caesar is the toilette of tbe condemned, it is" ihe-salutation of the criminal oa bis way to the scaffold.' Itisfthe coquetry of the last 'day. J C®sar was So dirty that the hangman would have none -of him ;' he cleans himself somewhat to embrace" death. And he asks far readers." The insolent fellow > Readers for Csesar to what piirpose f He-dares in a preface to address questions-to the reader, but it is the lictor jvho will reply. Meanwhile I am going to read the memories of Augustus. And 1, replied Libienus, am guing to read the libels of Cddsias again. A Yankee Advocate.—Tbe following specimen uf ;a spiead-eagle lawyer's eloquence needs no : confident z—" Geutlemen of -the juiy—tbe Scriptures siith, ' Thoughall not kill !' Now, if you hatig my client, you transgrers tbe'eommand as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose egg in 4' lojfer's facc. Gentlemen, mnrder is : murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual-like my clieut having killed a maiu^ but ia that auy reason why you jihtiuLtiido ^bo No such thing, gentlemen; you "may bring the prisoner in guilty; tbe hangman may ;do his duty'; but that will not exonerate Jyou.No'such thing... In that case ^rou will be murderers. Who among you is ^prepared; for the braud of Cain to be stamped upon his brow .to-day 3 Who, freemen— ia this laud * of liberty aud light, t Gendemen. I- will pledge.)my- word not one of you liave a -bpwie- knife" or a' pistol inhis pocket. No, gentlemen, yonr pockets are odoriferous with . the jieifuoies of dgiair^sses and tobacco. You can suioke' ttie tobacco'dt recitude in the pipe of a paaceful conscience ; but hang my unfurtn- . nate client, and tlie scaly alligators of remose will g-Jb'jop (through tha jiutemal principal animal vist^ra, . uutH jthe spinal vertihrae of yonr jana^omjcal. cpustrucU<ffi ^s .tnrued into a railroad for t^ grim smd gory, goblins of despair Geptleiheu, beware, of ..comuiittiug murder! Beware, I'say, meddling with the eternal prerogative! Geutlemen, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghosts of temp jral society, to do no ; muitierV d.adjure "you by the name of womau, , the .maitispriug of the tickiug timepiece ol .'i^ys' thearetical transmigration, to do no/murder ;! ! I adjure you, for the love you : tiave for ihe esculent and .coudimeulal gusto of ourjiatiye pumpkin, to do no murder! I adjureyou,'by the stars set in the flying ensign of yiiur epiaudpated countiy—I adjure you by the American eagle, that whipped the universal gamecock of .creation, and iiowsets rousting on tha magnectic telegraph of time's illustrious transmigration, to du uo murder ! And .lastly, gentlemen, if^evjer you expect free dogs not to bark alt you—if you ever expect lo wear boots madeof the-Hockey Mountain buffalo— and,,to suui up all, ! if you ever, expect to be anything "bnta set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, , cut- thcoated, braided, small eud& of huuianiiy,, wliittliid down to indiatiuCtibilty, acquit my client^ aiid save your country. 'lh« prisoner wys acputttel.: Dobbs says hejia^s one of tlie most obsdienl boys in the world. ; He teihi him to du as ba pleases, and he dbes'it without murmuring. 