MISCELLANY. THE Swiss Federal Council offers a prize of 2000ft. for the best model of a breech-loading ' firearm. GENERAL LOGAN AND HIS STAKER-The following story is told by one who says he was an eye-witness to the affair -Just before the capture of Savannah. General Logan, with two or three of his staff, entered the depot at Chicago, one fine morning, to take the cars east, on his way to rejoin his command. The general being a short distance in advance of the others, stepped upon the platform of a car, about to enter it, but was stopped by an Irishman with-" We'll not be goin' in there." " Why not, sir?" asked the general. " Because there's a leading car, and no gentleman '11 be goin' in there widout a leddy. Ther's wan sale in that car over ther of yees want it," at the same time pointing to it. " Yes," replied the general, "I see there is one seat, but what shall I do with my staff?" "Oh, bother yer staff !" was the petulant reply. " Go you and take the same, and stick yer staff out of the windy." INCIVILITY REBUKED. The Messager Algerian relates the following anecdote : " A very few years since a gentleman, simply dressed and of modest mien, entered the re- gistrar's office! at the marrie of Nancy, accompanied by two other gentlemen and a nurse carry in? a baby. You must waitabit,'said the clerk, who, though not particularly engaged, liked to show his authority. The gentleman motioned to his two friends and the nurse to take seats on the benches in the room. After keeping them all waiting a quarter of an hour, during which the child frequently cried, the clerk at last said to the gentleman " Well, what is your name and what names do you mean to give the child?' The stranger mildly replied-' Patrick, son of Patrick de MacMahon, Duke of Magenta, Marshal of France, here present,' &c.; You may easily imagine the amazement of the supercilious clerk on thus finding to whom he had been displaying his impertinence." THE SIAMESE TWINS The following letter appears in the New York Times of August 2 : " To the Editor of the New York Times. Grateful for past favours at your hands, we beg again to trespass upon your kindness and liberality. Our names are not entirely unknown to the American public. In former years we were received everywhere with flat telling and substantial compliments, and after several most successful tours through the cities of the United States, we retired to the privacy of our country home, where we had hoped to spend the remainder of our days in the quiet enjoyment of domestic felicity, but Used as we men were with ample fortunes for ourselves and our families. But time has wrought sad change. The ravages of civil war have swept away our fortunes, and we are again forced to appear in public. Kememberintr, as we do, with the profoundest gratitude, the liberality of our adopted country, we have arranged to appear on public exhibition in the northern cities, commencing early in August next, accompanied by several of our children, and we shall hope to meet then thousands of our old friends of lang Syne. With sincere regard we subscribe ourselves your obedient servants, CHANG and ENO, Siamese Twins, Surrey County, N. C, July 25, 1805." STRIKE or RAILWAY LABOURERS. - The Darling Downs Gazette regrets to state that a general strike of the men engaged in the South Western Railway works commenced on Tuesday last. The first intimation we received of the affair was the fact that the men engaged on the Dalby line, opposite Mrs. Littleton's hotel, had struck work on Tuesday afternoon, and were holding an open air meeting, which had been got up impromptu. Mr. Edwards addressed the men, and told them that he thought they were making a mistake in their mode of proceedings, which, it seems, was to go up the Dalby line to the various camps, and interrupt the men from working. the whole affair was conducted in a very orderly manner. It is evidently a strike regularly organised, and no doubt has been in contemplation for some time, The grievance appears to be owing to existing agreements between master and men. The men demand eight shillings a day for eight hours' work, and under some existing agreements they do not appear to be able legally to exact it. Several of the heads of the camps along the line are at present in Toowoomba, as this is a movement in which they are powerless, and they of course must let events take their course. The carpenters of Mr. Martindale, contractor for the bridge, have also been compelled to strike; but it is anticipated that many of the men who do not approve of the extreme measures, will take immediate action to bring matters to an amicable conclusion. WE LEARN from the Registrar-General's quarterly report that the population of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland received an addition of more than 100,000 souls in the quarter of the year ending June 30, that being the excess of births over deaths. The increasing pressure which this rapid multiplication of our people produces is indicated by the fact that in a season of plenteous employment 71,087 emigrants left our shores, chiefly for the United Slates. This almost equals the number of births, and leaves us in much the same place as we were at the beginning of the quarter. It is estimated that there are now very nearly twenty-nine and three-quarters of millions of inhabitants in the British Isles. The exodus is still chiefly Irish. Those who went from Erin's green shores were twice as many as those who left Albion's white cliffs, and there were but 4,600 Scots among them all. The general prosperity of the country is denoted by the frequency of marriages. In the first quarter of the year weddings were unusually numerous, chiefly, says the Registrar, " In consequence of increased activity in the manufactures and other industry of the northern populations ; " yet we observe that they were not so common as in the same quarter of 1864, However, it is satisfactory to find that the high price of mutton has not delayed connubial felicity, not caused the breakage of many hearts. The death-rate has been above the average, but not so much as to create any alarm. The high temperature seems to have caused much fatal diarrhoea among children, and in Wales the mortality was high ; but many of the southern counties were remarkably healthy. The fevers which indicate a low state of general health and special liability to infection are not generally prevalent. This is well, seeing that the cholera, which is now travelling towards us by the overland route, is already at Ancona London Paper. TERRIBLE ACCIDENT AT A PICNIC PARTY. The Singleton correspondent of the Maitland Mercury writes :-"Duilngthe heavy thunderstorm on the 6th instant, a fine young man named John Birch, who for a long time has been in the service of G. F. Bowman Esq., J.P., of Archerfield, met with a most awfully sudden death by being struck down with a flash of lightning. It appears that a number of ladies and gentlemen had arranged to have a pic-nic at Dulwich, about eight miles from Singleton. Mr. G. P. Bowman's carriage, containing several members of Mr. Bowman's family, had arrived at the outbreak of the storm, and the deceased had just been engaged in fixing some shawls and rugs around the ladies in the carriage, and was then sitting on horseback close to the vehicle, when a tremendous flash of lightning was seen by some of the party to descend upon the unfortunate young man, killing both him and the horse he was sitting upon on the spot. Dr. Glennie, who happened to be one of the party, was immediately in attendance upon the deceased, but found life to be quite extinct. Upon examination, it was found that a felt hat worn by the deceased had been shivered into fragments, and his hair had been slightly singed. These were the only marks that could be discovered on the body or clothes. After striking Birch on the head, the lightning must have passed down his body to the pommel of the saddle, where it ripped the saddle open, and splitting here in two forks, it followed the iron- work of the saddle, which acted as conductor, to its termination, where it scorched the horse on each side under the saddle flaps, killing the poor brute also on the spot. Strange to relate, the occupants of Mr. Bowman's carriage sustained no injuries beyond a sudden shock, felt more or less strongly by the different parties, and that one or two of the ladies fainted at the awful occurrence. Birch, it appears, was the only person on horseback at the time, most of the ladies and gentlemen standing in groups around and the deceased being the most elevated object he, no doubt, attracted the lightning. MYSTERIOUS OCCURRENCE The following circumstances have been reported by the career of a residence having a tale of suicide connected with it, and situated in a somewhat lonely position, surrounded by trees, in the vicinity of Blackrock. Recently, between twelve and one o'clock at night, the narrator was alarmed by hearing footsteps ascending the house stairs of the mansion, of which he was for the time being the sole occupier and caretaker. Striking a light, and taking with him a double-barrelled gun, loaded with, bullets, he entered the corridor from whence the sound of footsteps appeared to proceed, and there, at the head of the stairs leading to the corridor, he perceived by the dim light of his candle the figure of a man, dressed in dark-coloured trousers and coat, and wearing a broad-leafed slouching hat. He called out, but receiving no reply, he laid down the light and discharged both barrels at the figure, which disappeared. As he reports, he then proceeded to examine all the doors by which the staircase) or corridor could be entered, but all were found securely fastened. After about an hour, continued and loud noises were heard by the caretaker, proceeding as from the kitchen of the resi- dence in question, Going in that direction, he again distinctly perceived the same figure standing motionless in the kitchen passage. Now greatly alarmed, he again discharged his gun, which he had reloaded, and, in his confusion, dropping both light and gun, ran from the house. Two police constables of the F division were promptly on the scene, and a minute search was made throughout the premises, but nothing unusual was discovered save the stopped gun and candle, and bullet holes in the walls where the caretaker indicated having fired them. These circumstances, with the necessary reservation of mums, are here given precisely as they have been related by the actors in them. These who are fond of unravelling mysteries and accounting for ghost stories will probably easily arrive at the elucidation of this particular one-Dublin Express. THE INDO-EUROPEAN TELEGRAF. The interruption of this service occasioned, as is already known to our readers, by the rupture of the Gulf cable, near Gwadar still continues, but communication is hourly expected to be re-established. In the mean- time, a brief note of the five months' traffic of the line since its opening in February may not be without interest, especially as the figures resell us from an official source, and therefore accurately report the work done. The service opened to the public on February 23, and during the six remaining days of that month in all seventy-four messages were despatched fifteen of these being from Europe, and fifty-nine from India; the average travelling rate of the former being two days eleven hours from Paris, to Kur trachea, and of the latter three days twenty hours from Kurrachee to this. In March, 1.352 messages were forwarded and received, 773 of these being from Europe. 579 from India. During this month the line worked fairly, the average time occupied in transmission being-from this to Kurrachee two days five hours, and from the latter to Perth one day thirteen hours. During April, there was an increase of 779 messages on the previous month's return, the total then exchanged amounting to 2,151 despatches. Of the excess, 583 were from Europe, and 210 from India and the average travelling rate of the whole was, from Constantinople to Kurrachee three days and from Kurrachee father three days eleven hours, The May returns show a slight aggregate falling off as compared with those for April, the total of the messages transmitted being only 2,064, of which 1,255 were from Europe, and 795 from India. June showed a similar decrease in the messages from Europe, the total forwarded eastwards during the month being only 959, whilst India sent 1,908 an increase of 285 on the May traffic raising the total both ways to only 2,009. This diminution is, no doubt, sufficiently accounted for by the political dulness of the month. Of the gross traffic from Europe, London alone furnishes upwards of three-fifths ; or, together with Liverpool and Manchester, fully nine-tenths of the whole Of this last, nearly seven eights are directed to Bombay or Calcutta, the small remainder representing the electric communication as yet established with other parts of the great peninsula. Of the messages westwards, Bombay supplies nearly one-half, or, with Calcutta, about four-fifths, of the total. Of the whole, considerably more than one-half are addressed to London; Liverpool and Manchester, of course, receiving the lion's share of the remainder Levant Herald, July 19, THE LEEDS BANK FAILURE. Consequent upon the failure of the Leeds Banking Company last September, and just after the glowing accounts of its continued prosperity had been published, a storm of public indignation burst over the head of Mr. Edward Greenland, the manager, who was by public opinion accused of being cognisant of the real state of the bank when the half-yearly meeting was held in March, 1864, and when the new shares were agreed to be allotted to the old shareholders, though the actual allotment had not been completed when the bank suspended payment. In consideration of what was then and previously thought to be Mr. Greenland's able administration of the affairs of the banking company, he had been from time to time presented with handsome bonuses-in some instances amounting to more than £1,000 per year. When the public meetings held the subject of the failure and the progress of the official liquidation of the affairs of the company disclosed the fact that Mr. Greenland had given credit to men of such a discreditable financial position that their bills of exchange never ought to have been discounted, or even for a moment entertained with respect to the question of discount, it was felt that some legal proceedings ought to be taken against Mr. Greenland, with the object of forcing him to repay a portion of the spoil he had reaped in the shape of of presents or bonuses. Consequently, a few months ago, an action was commenced by Mr. W. Sykes Ward, the public officer of the Leeds Banking Company, with the object of recovering £20,000 from Mr. Greenland, on the ground that he published fallacious half-yearly statements of the affairs of the bank. This action was intended to have been tried at the last Leeds assizes ; but it was removed by consent to London- the defendant's attorneys (Messrs. Richardson and Turner) urging that Mr. Greenland could not expect to have a fair trial in Leeds, owing to the prejudice against him. The cause was subsequently sent down from London to be entered for trial at the Liverpool assizes. Subsequently, however, negotiations were entered into between the representative of the bank and Mr. Greenland, with the object of arranging the subject in dispute ; Mr, Greenland, in the first instance, offering £2,000 to compromise the matter, and subsequently increasing the ofTur to £4,000, Ultimately, a definite sum of £5,000 was accepted by the representatives of the bank and the public will consequently have to forego the anticipated interesting revelations of the inner management of this ill-fated bank. It is stated that this compromise, coupled with the expenses that Mr. Greenland has already incurred, will leave him comparatively pen- niless.-¿eerf» Mercury. THE FIRST NUGGET FROM CALIFORNIA A curious story is told by a Paris correspondent of the London Star, who claims to have discovered the first specimen of gold from California, in the private collection of curiosities, as follows :-" M. le Carpentier then told me that during the Revolution of 1830 he had felt somewhat nervous lest the value of his collection should attract the cupidity of the lawless mob which roamed about the streets for so many days. One night, at a very late hour, he heard loud and sudden knocking. With infinite precaution he opened the street-door. An old man, evidently much agitated, entered, and showing the case of splendid ivory carvings I had remarked, told him they had belonged to the great Emperor, and asked him to purchase them at once. On M. le Carpentier request- ing him to leave the box till the next day, he said, 'land duke ; I have lost everything. I want money tonight; but I shall return and buy them back if affairs settle. The generous collection our at once gave him the sum he asked, and has never heard of him since. Another touching anecdote is attached to a nugget of gold, the first ever brought from California to Europe. Twenty eight years ago, a poor invalid presented himself, and taking out of his tattered coat an enormous block of quartz, asked M. lo Carpentier if he would purchase it, assuring him it was full of gold. The first thought that struck the antiquarian was that the man was insane. ' I am not mad,' he said I have come to ask you to apply to Government to give me a vessel and crew of 100 men, and I promise to return with a cargo of gold 1' M, le Carpentier, confirmed, in his original impression, insisted on the poor man eating, and in exchange for a small piece of quartz he gave him a napoleon, telling him he might retire whenever he pleased. The poor man never reappeared. Meanwhile, M. lo Carpentier had the frag- ment analysed, and to his amazement it proved to contain pure gold. Fifteen years elapsed ; a parcel and a letter was left at his door; the parcel, wrapped in an old handkerchief, was heavy ; the letter was worn and almost illegible. On deciphering it, it proved to be the dying statement of the poor traveller, which, through the neglect of the lodginghouse-keeper at whose house he had died a few days after the interview with M. le Carpentier, had never been delivered. The packet, I need not say, contained the block of quartz. The letter was thus worded :-' You alone listened to me ; you alone stretched out a helping hand to me. as, it was too late! I am dying. I bequeath my secret to you. The country whence I brought this gold Is California !' To describe the effect of receiving this by a mere act of neglect fifteen years too late is impossible. The magic of that name was utterly unknown at the time of the incident, and the poor sailor who brought the first specimen of Californian gold actually died of want." NEW DISCOVERY OF COPPER IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA.-The ore was discovered near Wallaroo by a man named Forrest. He disclosed the secret to some friends, who arranged that Forrest and Mr. Woodhead should visit the locality. On their return they brought back a quantity of specimens of excellent ore, consisting of green and blue carbonates and grey and yellow ore. A sample of the ore was assayed by Mr. Seeger, and was found to contain, we are informed, between thirty-one and thirty-two per cent, of fine copper. The news of the discovery and of the richness of the ore soon found its way into every mouth, and specimens from the place were to be seen in almost everybody's possession. Various conjectures were made as to the whereabouts of the treasure, but upon this point the public, as it has turned out, were wholly in the dark. The utmost caution was exercised by those in the secret, and means were at once taken by them to obtain a few sections in the coveted locality, for which purpose Forrest proceeded on Friday, in the Royal Shepherd, to Adelaide. But all this caution was out- matched, and the expectations of Forrest and company have been suddenly quashed. This episode in the affair happened in this wise A parson who had hitherto been considered a close friend of Forrest's was excluded by the latter from all participation in his good luck, By way of set- off, he determined to go in search of the place concerning which his quondam friend refused to enlighten him. This person is an experienced and clever bushman, and the plan he proposed to himself was to track the dogcart in which Messrs. Forrest and Woodhead had visited the locality. This to most persons would seem an impossible thing to do, as, the ground being hard and dry, the wheels of the vehicle had Ecat eely made any impression. Having, however, obtained the gauge of the cart, he B tai ted on horseback in its track. It led him in a south-easterly direction. He followed it for about twenty-five miles, and at last succeeded in finding the object of his search. The locality is situate ten miles south of Cocoanut Station, and ten west of Clinton. Stones of ore lay scattered over a considerable portion of ground. The place whence Messrs. Wood head and Forrest had procured their specimens was plainly recognisable from the stones that had been recently broken. There WAS no appearance of a defined lode ; but where ore is found in profusion on the surface, the existence of a lode near at hand may be assumed as highly probable. Having put a number of specimens into a bag, he returned to Wallaroo, and putting himself into communication with a few townspeople, the necessary funds were subscribed, and a telegram forwarded to 'town late on Monday, giving instructions for the leasing of the property. Strange to say, although Forrest had been in town for two days, he had most unaccountably delayed proceeding to the land office. The consequence was that the party in connexion with the person who tracked the dogcart secured the very two sections which Forrest had been specially commissioned to obtain a lease of. A company has been formed for the purpose of working the property.- Wallaroo Times, Nov. 3. MR, GALE'S NON-EXPLOSIVE GUNPOWDER - Nothing has for a long time more excited the curiosity and interest of the scientific world than the announcement lately made by Mr. Gale, a gentleman resident in Plymouth, that he had discovered a means by which gunpowder could be rendered perfectly harmless during storage and transit, without, at the same time, diminishing its explosive quality its when required for explosion. Mr. Gale first exhibited his invention in Plymouth where there are so many competent judges to decide upon its value and subsequently came to town, where he has back the honour of submitting it to his Royal Highness the Commander-in-Chief, who has not only expressed his entire approval, but given a most valuable suggestion as to how the plan might be made as useful in preserv- ing the powder from damp as it professes to be in securing it from the untimely action of fire. Since then Mr. Gale has given experiments at RavotiBbury-park, the seat of Mr. Bidder, the eminent engineer, before a highly scientific circle, every member of which expressed his entire approval; and subsequently at Torwood, Wimbledon, the seat of Mr. J. J. Randell. A final series was given recently, on a plot of waste ground opposite the Westminster Palace Hotel, and notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather quite a crowd of scientific and professional notabilities attended. Amongst those present we noticed Sir Malcolm MacGregor, Marquis L. Germain attache to the Italian Legation), Sir Arthur Buller, M.P., Captain Hall, R. N.. Admiral Fanshawe, Sir Charles Fox, Mr, T. W. Rummell, Mr. R. Palgrave, Sir R. Mayne and son, Captain Shaw (fire brigade), Sir J. D. Hay, Mr. Hublmrd M.P., Mr. White, M.P., Mr. J. GlaiKhor, Mr. Barry, Mr. Thomas Lucas, Mr. LT. Wright (Secretary to the Duke of Sutherland), Major-General Anstruther, &c.; Mr. Gale began by igniting a mixture of equal parts of " pure" and " protective powder. We had then combustion, but no explosion. Subsequently the proportion of " protective" was increased to 2 to 1, and then each single grain of powder burned separately, and in the most harmless manner. Gradually, and by successive experiments the proportions were increased to 4 to 1 when the powder became perfectly room bustle, end a red- hot poker thrust into a barrel of it produced not the slightest symptoms of explosion. Finally the powder was sifted, and relieved from the presence of its protective companion, when, on being; ignited, it exhibited all its original explosive properties. Everyone being by these experiments satisfied as to the results, Mr. Gale proceeded to explain the means by which they were brought about. He had long been impressed with the desirability of making gunpowder non-combustible during stowage or transit, and had had many materials- to mix with it for that purpose, but had found all liable to the objection of injuring the powder, or of being difficult of separation, until at last he hit upon finely pulverised glass, which is the "protective" powder he BUB now patented. The glass upon being mixed with the powder, completely isolates the grains, and is a non-conductor of heat from one grain to the other. It is not damp, and it does not adhere, and the consequence is, that whenever the powder is wanted for use it is only necessary to sift it in a fine sieve, when the glass all passes through, and the powder resumes its original condition. This was proved to demonstration after each experiment and the general result left in the minds of the spectators was, that Mr. Gale had completly realised what he had promised to do, namely to render gunpowder completely harmless without in the least injuring its explosive powers when the latter should be called into action. The only of jections that were taken wore, that the bulk of the mixture would be inconveniently great, and that there would be risk of explosion both whilst the powder was being mixed with the " protective," and subsequently, when it was being sifted for use. It was considered, however, that both dangers could be effectually provided against by a few simple appliances, and that the advantages which would be secured, of perfect safety in storage and during transit, were so great as entirely to put off minor objections out of court. We believe we may fairly say, that the opinions of all present during Mr. Gale's experiments were entirely in favour of his invention, or rather, perhaps, we should call it discovery. 