THE WHITE HAT. BY AN AGED PALMER (NO RELATION TO SIR JAMES). IT is Thursday, cold and wet. The Commissioners have met In conclave, stern and solemn, to lower the teachers' screw; And their white-hatted chief—to be very short and brief— Sets earnestly to work, his poor pedagogues to do. And now their task is ended, the teachers' ways are mended, Their means are meanly straitened to a hodman's daily dole; And their white-hatted chief, with a sigh of glad relief, Uprises for his dinner, and lays unction to his soul. But outside their place of meeting they hear no friendly greeting, But a murmur, low and sullen, like the rising of the sea; Each member turns him pale when he hears that awful wail, And vainly asks his brother—"What may that moaning be?" But, as each one vainly guesses, upon his ear it presses Still louder, and more loud sounds that tumult, and more near; Then the SECRETARY bland, at the Board's most stern command, Straight advances to the door to calm each anxious fear. The door he opens wide, and stepping forth outside, He peers into the darkness and the cruel pelting rain; But what sights are those he sees, which makes his blood to freeze, And causes him to quickly shut to the door again? Lo! They are the assembled ghosts of those who filled the posts Of teachers to the Board, at salaries low and mean; Of those who, in their pride, taught bravely till they died, Starved down to skin and bone—poor, poor, and very lean. See—see! They're onward flowing, they stop not in their going To look around that court-yard, before the Model Schools; But many a bitter smile wreathes each ghostly mouth awhile, As he glances at that pile built defiantly of rules. They stop not in their hurry to pay regard to MURRAY, Who fiercely threatens each one with policeman as his doom; But onward they keep going, up, up the staircase flowing— They stop not till they're standing within the meeting-room. Then the foremost of the band, with an air of high command, Advances slowly forward, and takes up each paper there; "What thing is this you've done? What! answer have ye none? I knew 'twas something shabby, and nothing on the square. "Ah! I see; you still would kill those left grinding at the mill, Reducing their poor pittance by your economic tricks; Are we not victims suff. your economy to puff, But you must needs send others to join us o'er the Styx?" Here he brought his hand down pat, right on the CHAIRMAN'S hat, Saying—"Now I have a plan your economy to stay; CHAIRMAN, if you'll not slacken, I'll make you wear a black 'un, A shiny glossy black one, for ever and a day." "Mercy! mercy! ghostly teacher (CHAIRMAN now was the beseecher), Give me back my nobby white one, and I'll leave alone their pay; See, I've cancelled what I'd written, for my soul is sorely smitten At the thought of having that one in the list of gone astray." * * * * * * * * Joy, joy in teachers' camp! Stir the fire and trim the lamp; There's a chance of getting dinner, tea, and breakfast now, for all. Praise, praise the ghostly crew, who saved the teachers' screw From being ground down, down, to something tragically small! 