LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Assembly met yesterday a few minutes to three o'clock, und shortly afterwards the Speuker accompanied by the mnjority of the members present, proceeded to Government House to present the address adopted by the House on Friday. Pr3viouuly to the Speaker leaving the chamber Mr. Rodd took the oaths and his seat as member for the Southern Gold-fields, and at a subsequent period of the sitting of the House.after its resumption, Mr. Laycock took the oaths and his seat for the Clarence. Upon the resumption of the House, the Speaker read the reply of his Excellency to the address he had presented, in which he stated that he had taken the necessary steps towards the formation uf n now adminis tration. The Speaker presented hia warrant ap pointing members of tho Committee of Elec tious and qualifications. Mr. Martin announced that, yesterday ' (M«nday) be and hia colleagues had ten dered to his excellency their resignation of their offices ; th.uth.is resignation had been accepted, tnd ibint tfi'ey only. now held office until their successors, were appointed- He moved thnf'tlie House at its rising adjourn until Tuesday next. Return8;were presented by Mr. Wilson aud Mr. ftrster, in reply to addresses ad opted in tie last session of the last Parlia ment. Mr. Mflrtin laid upon the table a petition which had been presented against the return of tlie uieniber for Braidwood, Mr. Joseph son. Mr. Martin, referring to a bill which had passed through its first stoge.on Friduy last, being a bill to make provision for the public expenditun to the a 1st March next, and with the view of facilitating the immediate passing of that bill, now moved that the order of the day for the second reading of that bill bo discharged from the paper. The order of the day, and the bill itself, were succes sively discharged. J Upon tie motion of Mr. Martin, the' House th-n went into committee of the whole to consider his Excellency's message recommencing provision to be made for the public expenditure for the three months ending « 1st Maroh next; Mr. Bordekin, with the consent of the House, being ap pointed provisional Chairman of Com miltees. Mr. Martin moved that a sum not ex ceeding £314,618 17s. lOd. be appropri ated for tte service of the year 1865 to the 31st Manh next. The resolution was adopted, passed through tile usual stages in committee, was ultimately reported to the House, and the report adapted. The Hduss then, on the motion of Mr. Martin, vent into committee of Ways and Means (Mr. Burdekin still acting as pro visional Chairman of Committees), when the same resolution was proposed and passed through the usual stages. Tlie biS giving effect to the above resolu tion, passed, through all its stages, end was trausmitttd to 'the Legislative Counoil. At a later period (if the evening it was reported to the House that the Legislative Council had agreed to the bill without amendment. Mr. Rolarts Smalley, a gentleman of hipjh scientific attainment.1, who has been recently engaged in the mag netic survey of the country between Sydney and Adelaide for the purpose of connecting those two cities by direct telegraphic communication, is now in Newcastle for the purpose of deciding upon a spot where an astronomical obsermtor; maybe built and a time ball raised. The necessity cf a standard of mean time has long been felt by members cf the mercantile marine in the port of New castle, and the consideration of tlis question has been long unde1 discussion by the Government, who have at length deided upon establishing an observatory and fixing a tine ball without further delay- We belisv* it was origiially intended that the observatory and time ball slioull hare been fixed at Notby's, but that, by the. advice o( \1 r. Smalley, that idea lias been abandoned, and they will be placed nil the hill near the residence of Captain {Lllen, the .Harbourmaster. The machinery ' for the e)a-alion of the ball will hv self-acting, in coni municalicn, by means of the electric telegraph, with the observatory in Sydney, and will be so arranged that the ball ivilllall at one p.m. at the spine instant of time as the one h Sydney. The works will be commenced as soon as .Vr. Smaller has sent in his report. As soon as his busiiiiEii in Newcastle is completed, Mr, Smalley will a^aiiiproceedwilli the magnetic survey to Adeiiide, which is.expecU'd to be completed and the telegraph thence to Sydney in operation about twelve months from the preseit time. On Tusday evening the Secretary and Receiving Di rector ot the Dailding Society will attend ;it the Court. honse betrcen 7 and 9 p.m., to receive the second instal ment of 10s. per share which is now due. A sale of shares wil afterwards take place. We understand that the compiny is progressing satisfactorily, and that about 180 share; are already takun up, arid these, together with those whuhnve made application for shares, include a list of some ifiO persons. Since our last publication several new candidates for Municipal honours have appeared. The list now in- cludes for the City Ward— Messrs. Hannell and Ward; Macquare Ward— Messrs. Way, Williams, Adam, and S. Chapman ; Honeysuckle Ward— Messrs Wm. Sparke, Rodgers, C. Hannell, and Brooks. Here are ten can- didates for four vacancies, so that it needs no ghost to tell us that all of them cannot be elected; but as the nom- ination takes place next Tuesday we shall have an oppor- tunity of hearing what each candidate has got to say for himself, and when the time of election comes, we hope to see the best men returned. On Saturday morning an inquest was held at the Thistle Inn, Campbell's Hill, on the body of a child found under the Long Bridge, West Maitland, and which had been adjourned for the purpose of bringing the mother of the child before the court was concluded. The medical testi- mony showed that the fracture, or rather, smashing in of the child's skull and other injuries, could not have been caused during the birth, or even by the child falling on the floor afterwards, but must have been inflicted for the pur- pose of making away with it. It was proved that the child was born alive. Circumstances having come to the know- ledge of the police to cause suspicion that Sarah Lane Hawkins, a young unmarried woman, was the mother, she admitted that she was, and that she had put the body under the bridge while the family were at tea ; she denied that she had heard the child cry. The medical evidence showed that she had recently been confined. Mr. Muller appeared for Sarah Lane Hawkins, and the medical evi- dence adduced by him, went to show there was nothing to prove that the child was born alive. The jury returned a verdict— "That Sarah Lane Hawkins is guilty of con- cealing the birth of the deceased, and the jury give a ver- dict of wilful murder against some person or persons un- known." Holioway's Pills. — Surpassing Kxcellence.— This medicine is composed from the Guest balsams obtainable from tht vegetable kingdom. Unlike mineral or meicii rial preparations, Hotloway's Pills are perfectly innocent, aud ma/ be safely taken by children and most delicate females. The nervous, and all who have lost hope and energy through long.coutinucd affliction, should have their attention drawn to the many cures of such vases which l.ave been gradually accomplished by these Pills, and gratefully acknowledged by most flattering testi monials They secure a long, a healthy, and a happy life. Ii all derangements of the digestion arising from the stomach, liver, or bowels, the curative power of these purifyiig Pills is especially observable : they stimulate sluggish and regulate disorderly functions. A subscription has been started at Col lector Goulburn, for the family of Nelson, who was shot by Dunn, the bushranger. 