CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH ANNI- VERSARY. The anniversary services in connection with the Con- gregational Church in West Maitland, have been held during the past week. On Sunday, the Rev. W. Slatyer," of Sydney, preached in the ohnrch, morning and even- ing, and on Monday evening a tea and pnblio meeting was held in the hall of the School of Arts. Four rows ot tables were ranged in the room, and on these were dis- posed lea and cake, in abundance. The accommodation was barely sufficient for all those present to partake at one time, and a few of the last comers had to wait until those first seated were satisfied. After tea the tables were removed, and the hall was re- seated, when the proceedings of the publio meeting were oommenoed, the pastor of the charon (the Rev. Mr. Hills) taking the ohair. -A hymn was sung, and the Rev. Mr. Slatyer offered prayer. * The CHAIRMAN then rose and said that they met that evening in connection with the celebration of the four- teenth anniversary of their existenoe as a ohnrch and congregation in that town. They met together as friends interested in the kingdom of Christ-and all could there maintain their individuality. They believed in unity rather than in uniformity. They could maintain their individuality, and yet meet to rejoice "and encourage each other, and to express their sympathies with each other in the common work for Christ. They met to show sym- pathy for ChriBt's cause by the exercise of liberality j and in the last p'ace they met that they might be influenced by some holy thoughts. With regard to their position as a ohuroh and congregation, they really had much to rejoioo over, notwithstanding the difficulties they had had to encounter. They had a substantial building, and one which they had no reasjn to be ¿shamed of, OB it was one of the few in the town entirely free from debt. They bad, however, a [mall floating debt of £29 against the ohuiob fundí, which he hoped they would soon have the pleasure of seeing floated away. D.fficnlty was expe- rienced sometimes in getting ministers of their own denomination to come and assist tbem at their meetings, but whoever in this respect was backward, there was one (Mr. Slatyer) who had thought nothing of pntling himself out of the way on many occasions, both during his own (the chairman) and his predecessor's pasto- rate, to oome up to Maitland and help them As a ohnrch tbey were now more independent than ever before, tor they were entirely upon their own resources Towards the support of the minister they had formerly reoeived_ assistance from the Home Missionary Society, but during the last twelve monthB they had received nothing whatever. With respeot to the attendance at the Sabbath servioes, he rejoiced to be able to say that it was recovering from the effects of the late floods. The congregations were oertainly now as good BB they ever had bsen sinoe he bad besn piBtor, with the exception of a short time, when they were swelled by the adherents of the Free Church, which then was dosed. Another pleasing feature he had to report was the regularity in the atten- dance of the congregation, though tie had to oonfess he could not speak with so mnoh satisfaction upon their punctuality ; and, in this respeot, he reoommended the bint to their attention. At the week nightservioes about one-fourth of the number usually present on the Sabbath attended ; it was a source of discouragement to him that the attendance at these meetings was not larger. The number of oommnnioants on the ohnrch roll was 48 ; last year the number was 43. Tboro bad been six additions and one re- moval, When he oame, -five years ago, there were 28 members upon the roll ; since that time 28 had removed-therefore the present number may be said to have been gathered during the last five years. As re- garded the tono of spirituality pervading, though they , bad with other ohurobes to lament the want of greater results, he could say that there was a deoided im- provement in thoughtfulness, in the cultivation of holy principles, and in the exeroise of self denial on the part of the members of the ohurob. An increased diligenoe too in efforts for the welfare of those around them was manifested by them. The Sabbath School numbered 80 ohildten-soaroely BO many as there were prior to the floods of last year. There were eleven teachers, who laboured diligently and harmonionsly in the sobool. With respect to the Bible olass, it was not so good as he could like to see. It had maintained its interest with little variation in the number attending daring the last five years. From the statement they would see that some little progress had been made. But some would be asking bow it was so little progress WIB made considering that this was the fourteenth anniversary. To this be oould only say, that it must be borne in mind that in the community there had never been many Oongregationalists. The members of the denomination were very generally characterised by intelligence; in England they were a oUss who asa rule were pretty well to do, and they did not emigrate : consequently the mern, bers of the churches of the denomination in these colonies (and particularly in New South Wales) were not increased so muoh as those of otber bodies by arrivals. They bad thus to oréate Qongrogationalists. Congregationalism grew from the world. They did not act upon other ohurohes, and draw from them their members; they had no desire to do so. Their great objeob was to make Christians, and be would far sooner be instrumental in making two Christians than one Congregationalism Con- gregationalism he believed was a very good Boaffolding to work upon, but after all it was only a scaffolding. Another reason why they were not progressing more in Maitland wai that they had no worldly influence like their brethren in America, or like their Presbyterian friends in Scotland, nor prestige like the Ohnrch of England. But although tbey possessed not these things, they olaimed to be an influenoe for good upon the community- in teaching and cultivating intelligence and Christian love. Another reason for thtir want of progress was the many re- movals from the distiiot; lie knew of more per- sons who had left it during the time be had been there, than he fonnd on arrival. From a review of all those matters, he thought tbey could not but say they had oanse for thankfulness. But still their position as a ohurch of Jesus Christ demanded certain things of them. It was neoessary, if they would be UBI ful, that they should continue to exercise increasing self- denial; unless it were so, they could not expect to prosper, and the world would not be influenced by their action. In their individual capacity, he exhorted the members of the chut oh to nse all their endeavours and efforts to pro- mote its interests. And to this end, he urged the neoessity of looking to God, and constantly maintaining the spirit of prayer. The Rov. Mr. WATBnnoosE addressed the meeting upon the impórtanos of prayer, eBpeoially as it regarded the enoourageraent and assistance it afforded the minis- ter. It was very necessary that prajer should be offered for suitable things. Mr. G. MAIR said that the Finance Committee had put into his bunds a statement of the fund* of the ohuroh. This showed that the volun- tary offerings for the whole year had been £161 11s. 4Jd.; at the last anniversary meeting the sum of £7 17s. Id. had been realised-making the total income of the cbnrch £169 6s 5i<!. Of this £3 15s had been applied for the insurance of their building ; gas had oost £11 7s. 7d.; £16 had been expended for cleaning tbe ohuroh ; and £3 3s, 8d. for painting and sundries; while the remainder (£135 2s 2¿J.) had been paid to their pastor. 1 he committee bad bad under their considera- tion many plans to endeavour to increase the funds, and he was happy to say with some success, as during the last quarter they had succeeded in raising the sum of £54 6s 10d.-a considerable increase upon the previous quarter's Inoome. But if they were to keep their pastor among them tbey would yet hove to exert themselves considerably more. He did not think the people were to blame for the want of liberality ; he believed that they contributed as well as the people of chnrohes at other plaoes. The nuance committee were about to adopt a oard system, by whioh he hoped that the assistance of others besides thoso oonnected with the church would be obtained. He trusted that the oards that he, with his friend Mr. Thompson, would presently bring about to them would be the means of increasing the funds of the ohuroh. . . The Rev. Mr SLATTER said he thought that from the statement just made by Mr Mair it bad been lotende 1 to furnish mm with a text. If so, it was a text on which be did not feel competent to dilate it was a subject on which he had never opened his mouth in his own place for a very long time, although he did think that what had been paid up during the last quarter (though oon siderablv in exoess of that raised for Mr. Hills) waa ver> shabby." The salary given to Mr Hills WSB only about equal to the wages of a laboring man, and how on earth be could live upon it was more than be knew. He knew that he must be subjected to miny self-denials. He had often said respecting his wife that she could stretoh u sixpence into a shilling any day, but he thought Mrs Hills oould beat that. To bim it was all a mystery and a misory how they oould manage to live. What waB wanted in regard to their own denomination was that some generous measures should be adopted by our riober ohuroheB to asBiBt those less favorably oircumBtanoed. He for one oould never take £1000 a year, as some did, and pot himself in a position ot luxury, whilst he knew that there were other ministers in the oountry devoting thpmBelvesandtbeirtalentBinexaotlythesamewayforGod, struggling wi th diffiouties of a peouniary nature. Ï here WOB an organization wanted in tbe<r denomination something like that possessed by their Wesleyan and Tree Churob brethren. It was perfectly oonsiBtent with Congrega- tionalism that they Bbould bave such a development, it was only the abuse of the principle that led to the want of the organization. He believed in Congregationalism as a divine thing as much as Mr Waterhouse believed in Weslejanism, but it was only that the former did not work itself ont properly ti at oaused the want of what the latter possessed in respeot of an organization for the support of the ministry And now with referenoe to the cards spoken of by Mr. Mair. It might be asked by some bow oould Mr. Hills have a olaim upon those out- side his own oom o union ? He thought that both Mr. Hills and his predecessor, Mr. Giiffith, bad a olaim npon their fellow Christians and townsmen not of their owa denomination by their efforts on varions oommittees, 01 behalf of social and oharitable objeots not immediately oonneoted with themselves, but in which the benefit ot the town and district were concerned. They bad not confined their efforts to doing gool to their own oommnnity, but for the benefit of the community gene- rally, and_ therefore tbey had been deserving of their sympathetic consideration. In directing their efforts to the increase of the comforts of their pastor, they were only discharging their bontden duty ; a duty that was often too laggardly discharged, He could desire that there was more willingness of mind in the discharge of this and other Christian duties ; for then they might er peot the blessing of God to be bestowed more abundantly upon them. In the very exercise of their liberality and talents in the service of God, they were brioging down upon themselves blessings-they were disciplining their minds and hearts for an entrance into the kingdom of heaven. As the powers were developed here so would they be the more or less fitted for enjoyment in heaven He believed that between the salvation of some and that of others there would be an immeasmeablo distance. There was too oom m on a notion that there was little or no variety in the degree of enjoyment in the other world. But, if tbe bible was true, that notion was incor- rect, and it behoved them to study to become such in oharacter and position as would have an abundant entrance into the kingdom of their Lord. He earnestly exhorted all to the necessity of directing their efforts more for the conversion of their unbelieving friends than for the heathen of foreign linds, showing that great benefit might,aocrne to the church therefrom. Again referring to the position of the ohnroh in Maitland, he said that be bad been occasionally in Maitland for the last .twelve years, and noted its history, aid he did feel anxious that it should prosper. Ho knew it bad many difficulties to struggle ogainBt, and he knew the unfavo- rable influence under which it had been formed. But notwithstanding all these oauses of discouragement, tbe ohnroh stood in a position numerically equal to what it bad ever ocoupied. They did not now receive the assistance (£200 a year) that they formerly had, and the people were not in such good circumstance»! but he trusted, notwithstanding, tbat tbey would succeed in raising additional funds to keep the minister, «bom be hoped would not leave them. He trusted that the blessing of God would rest npon both pastor and people, and that they wonld be eminently useful in accomplishing much for bis cause. A bjmn was sung, and oolleoting cards were taken round, and given to those willing to receive them. The Rev. Mr. MELL then addressed the meeting, dwelling particularly upon the strnggles of the ohurob universal. The ohareh, from the antagonism of its prin- ciples to those of the world, bad always had to atruggle, and it always would have to struggle. But ¡nits strug- gles there was this source of encouragement, that Christ had promised to be with it even unto tbo end of tbe world. He expressed sympathy with the cause they had met to support that evening. The Rev. Mr. HENDERSON spoke npon the efficacy of prayer, and the witnessing of Christians for the truth, in their families and in other relations in the world. He bore testimony to the worth of Mr. Hills, and quite agreed with remarks that had fallen from a preceding speaker, that he had olaims npon his fellow townsmen. He alluded particularly to the efforts of Mr. Hills, in aid of the British and Foreign Bible Society. The Rev. Mr. WEBB addressed the meeting, taking for his Bubjeot the need of the Holy Ghost. It was a power that waa now seeded in their ohurobes, and one which was wanted to convert the world,, and to remove bigotry and sectarianism. The ministers of .the Gospel particu- larly needed the need of the Holy Ghost in their hearts There was too rauoh of hair-splitting and philosophising npon abstract troth in the pulpit, and too little of the fire of the Holy Spirit. The Rev. Mr. MELL moved a voto of thanks to the ladies for providing the tea. The motion was seoonded by the Rev. Mr. SLATTER, and carried. The doxology was sung, the benediction pronounced by the Chairman, and the meeting sepirated about half past ten-a collection being mide at the close, amounting to £3 7s. 9¿d. 