GENERAL ITEMS. WEST MAITLIAD-Friday.-The police hlave arrested a man named Hogan, ailas Irvin, for stealing a cheque of £51 9s. Id., drawn on the Commercial Bank, Sydney, signed by William Hezlett. The cheque was stolen from the Sydney and Kiama mail, one of the .bags of which has been missing since the 21st April. The charge was proved, and the prisoner admitted that the cheque was stolen at the time of the mail robbery. He was remanded to Sydney. -gerald's Telegram. CAPTURE.-A- man named Charles Sims was, on Thursday last, arrested by"detec tives Campin and Broomfield, on charge of highway robbery and attempt to murder., It appeared that Sims, who was travelling in company with Higgins, on the 9th inst. robbed himof all the money he had-about £12-and fired at him, inflicting a very dangerous wound. Sims has also 'been. identified as a deserter from :H.M.S. Sala mander.-Hterald. The Attorney-G.eneral has declined to. file an indictment against Miss Dickson' who (with others) was a week or two since committed to take lier trial for stealing the racehorses Kildare and Zenobia. COMPARATIVE HARDINESS.OF THE SUGAR-': CaNe.-Although we think most persons have been in the habit of regarduig the sugar cane as a semi-tropical plant, suited only to a climate nearly free from, frosts, the experience of this season has shown that it is more hardy than many plants. habitually grown iniAustralia. As we lhave already noted, the frost of Tuesday night, the 6th June, was the most severe of any for many years, testing it by its effects on vegoe tation. " We may add now that it lasted all'. that night, from about eight o'clock in t116' evening till after seven next morning. Before eight o'clock in the morning a bright sun was shining, aid the day proved a remnarkably fine sunny one. Of course this bright sun confirmed and increased tlih ' injury done by the long night's frost. But the sugar cane has stood the severe test uninjured, or but very slightly touched not'enough to produce any sensible differ ence in its appearance.' On-somle of the Sother plants the first dasi did not show isll the mischief done. But now' we can see tlhat the sorghum pllauts were so frost-" bitten that their leaves were all gone ;that the banana, the sweet potato, and the gramma (or portmnanteau gourd, as it 'is now called in Sydney, we think), were all. killed black, the banana only maintaining a'; part of-its stem uninjured; and that some of the native plants, the kurrajongs fo . instance, have their leaves tiuridd black. These are all warm climate plants, and their tenderness to frost might have been anticis, pated. But the same cold destroyer has tairly finished the potato plants, turning them quite black; has also finished the French beans and runners, and has turned the leaves of- young maize -plants a brown yellow. It will, we think, be newrs to most of our readers to learn that the sugar cane can stand frost better than potatoes and beans, the most common of European vege tables. Yet such appears to be the fact. In the harden of the writer is a sugar cane plant that stood all the six floods of 1864, and has now survived the hard frost of June;:',1865 eand the fact is only one instance of' many in this neighborhood, we ) believe: ?Maitland Mlercury. CoLONIAL MANUFACTURED SooAn.-One of our local storekeepers hlas shown us a sample of very' siperior colonial sugar, manufactured by the Rev. Mr. Holland, at Port Macquarie. The sugar in appeaiasnce resembles Mauritius or ryellow, counter sugar, and would readily sell over the counter at 4d. per lb. It is free from tlhe peculiar flavour which has detracted from the quality of samples of colonial sugar previously shown to us.--Ibid. LARGEo O NsoEs.-Mr. Thomas Pearse, of Hinton, whose orange crop this year is said to-be very fine, las sent six of his largest naval oranges to us. Of these, the smallest weighed twelve ounces, and the largest nineteen ounces; the largest mea surednearly fourteean.inclhes roud.;-Ibid. WEE WAA.-Our:Wece Waa correspon den't, writing on the 7th Tune, says :- 'r. Danger has issued a few circulars to some of his more immediate friends, in which he announces his intention to contest the en suing election for the Gwydir.-Ibid. PRiOCEEDINGeS OF THE RIVERIo'a COUN cIL.-The usual monthly meeting of the Council was held on Tuesday hIst. The vice-president occupied the chair, and the other members present were Dr. Lang, Dr. Wren, and Messrs. Gwynne,Watson, Jen nings, Miller, and hM'Laurin. The business consisted mainly of routine matters and the reading of correspondence, the most important portions of which were the an nouncements from the deputation in Syd ney of the presentation of the petition to the Governor on the 17th ultimo, and the presentation on Monday last of the supple mentary petition; also that the Mlinisters had required more time to furnish thei Governor with their comments on the petition, and that it was therefore impro able tlhat the petitions could be forwarded to the Secretary for the Colonies by the mail leaving Sydney on the 21st instant. After the disposal of the business on the notice paper, the Council went into com mittee to deliberate on the .best course to counteract any efforts that might be made on behalf of the authorities in Sydney, and to obtain for the Separation movement an early and successful termination. It was finally agreed to postpolne the consideration of the subject till thile return of the presi dent and the other members of the deputa. tioi.-Deniliquin ClO ron icle. DIe:iT"r FioI DRINKINGo SCALTDING TEA. -An inqssest was held oni the 5th instant, at the. Star Hotel, Dobie-street, Grafton, tosuching the vcalse ofl deaths of Flore-ue Carolineo Jay, aged twenity imotlhs. It aplpeared from thie evidencell of thie father of the chill, iwho resides ait \Vodflord I[sland, that oni Snlday mnlorisng thie ldecaseld was sitting uip iin a clhair at thie Ireakfhitst table, when thie piarents, havinig tiurned their baciiks Ibr a imomenIt, the child seized sold of a saucer of lhot tea and dlrank thlie same; the ".piarents' attention was immnediately it \- trasctedl by the s-easis of the child, andit upon exasiniinms the declo:sesl the thhller found that thie ichild's inoi.hl isnd ches--st were "s-ahlsed, but at thie same time he dlid not thsink thiat thle injuries sustainedi by tie deceased were likely to prove serious; he applied some flour to the scalds, but as the child seumed to suffer' much pain, it was taken fori medical) aid, bu th iey had not proceededd iore than six-miles on their way when the child expired, having sur vived'the effect of the scald only three hotirs. Dr. 3Belisfanto was examined, and gave it as his opinion that death had been occasioned by drinking scalding liquor; the eittire of the gums, inside of the lips, and roof of the mouth were scalded to white ness, and the cuticle of the tongue had been completely destroyed, injuring the air passages, which would be sufficient to cause death. The jury found a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony, and that the said injuries were purely accidental. -Clarence Examiner. The e Avoca aiol has the following i "An apparently startling phenomenon oc curred in Avoca on Wedntesday morning last. About eight o'clock, a tandem ap peared trotting up HIighl-street, in good order ; the leader's traces tight, and both horses going very straight, drawing only a pair of wheels. It appeared as if they were pulling the ghost of a coach withl a phantom driver; and when the horses turned into the stable-yard of the Avoca Hlotel, and pulled up quietly, great was the wonder what it could all mean. Inquiry was soon satisfied, however, by the dis covery that the morning mail-coach from MLaryborough had come to grief about a stile tnd a half from Avoca-the king-bolt having broken, and tho 'fore-carriageo' thereby parted from the body of the coach. li-. Smith, who was driving; and 'vho is well known as a careful and punctual charioteer, was thrown from his seat, and sustained some bruises and scratches about the face. Tho.ebhcll was upset, but happily thsepassengers--three in ndmber-sustained no injury.'' 