COLONISATION OF CARPENTARIA. THE PLAINS OF PROMISE. (From the Empire, May 8th A circumstance took place on Saturday of sufficient importance, in connection with Australian colonisation, to deserve prominent notice. We refer to the departure of the schooner Jacmel Packet, from Sydney, with people and supplies for the formation of a new settlement at the Plains of Promise, Albert River, Gulf of Carpentaria. The enterprise, which has resulted in the despatch of the Jacmel Packet, has been organised in such a quiet and unostentatious manner, that it has been hitherto almost overlooked. The firm of Macdonald and Co., which has commenced this important undertaking, originated, we believe, with its most active and leading member, the Honorable John Robertson, and the whole risk of the enterprise is confined to three or four gentlemen. One of the members of the firm, Mr. Macdonald, has explored the whole country, from the eastern coast to the Albert River, and the company have taken up more than a million acres at the Plains of Promise, the greater part of the land being of the very richest description. The Albert River, a magnificent stream, navigable for a great distance from its mouth at the bottom of the Gulf of Carpentaria, forms the western boundary of the Company's territory, and the Jacmel Packet will proceed up<that river, and land her cargo on the spot where the head station has been formed. The cargo of this vessel, consisting of nearly two hundred tons of goods, is perhaps one of the most miscellaneous and complete ever despatched from this or any other port. It contains a substantial four-roomed house, stores, and provisions of every description, domestic animals of all kinds, fruit trees and vegetables, seeds of numerous varieties, clothing, tools, agricultural implements, and all other appliances necessary for the pioneer settlers of a new country. A very large quantity of stock for the occupation of the country has been sent overland from the northern settlements of Queensland and no difficulties of a serious description have been met with on the route. The Plains of Promise are distant from the eastern coast about four hundred miles in a direct line, a similar distance from the new station at Cape York, and about the same from the new settlement formed by South Australian colonists on the north-western coast. The taking up and stocking the Plains of Promise by Mr. Robertson and his friends, is probably the greatest pastoral enterprise ever under- taken in Australia. Other large stockholders have also commenced operations on the shores of the Gulf of Carpentaria, having selected the delta formed by the Albert and other rivers, as the scene of their operations and large numbers of both sheep and cattle are now on the route to occupy the country. Negotiations have already been entered into with the Government of India for the supply of fat cattle and sheep and we understand that the authorities at Calcutta are prepared to take a large quantity at prices highly remunerative to the stockholders. One great advantage connected with the occupation of country on the Albert and other rivers on the Gulf is, that supplies can be landed on the spot at almost nominal rates as compared with the cost of sending them to distant stations in the interior of New South Wales or Queensland. The Jacmel Packet has, we understand, been chartered at about £3 a ton ; but it is not in the mere cost of the transport of supplies alone that stations on the Plains of Promise have the advantage of those in the far interior of this country. The short time which will be occupied in their transit by sea, and the certainty and safety with which they can at all times be forwarded, are matters of no small moment. On the occasion of the departure of the Jacmel Packet on Saturday, the Hon John Robertson invited a number of his friends and gentlemen interested in the success of the enterprise to join him on board, where lunch had been provided and arrangements made for celebrating such an event as the colonisation of the country in a pro per manner. The vessel was towed out of Dar- ing Harbor, and proceeded to sea with a fair wind, at about three o'clock. Before casting off, the visitors proceeded on board the steamer which had the Jacmel Packet in tow, and on separating, amidst the tears and sobs of those who were parting from their friends, three rounds of cheers were given for the success of the first colonists of the Plains of Promise. Messrs. Macdonald and Co., in August last year, organised an expedition, on their own private account, from Bowen, Port Denison, to the Gulf of Carpentaria, Mr. J. G. Macdonald himself taking charge. Forty-two days or thereabouts were occupied in the outward journey, and in returning therefrom about thirty days ; the distance out and home being about 1,600 miles. Nearly mid-way Messrs. Macdonald and Co. had a station on the Lynd River, called " The Carpentaria Downs," at that time the farthest out ; but being determined to establish a settlement on the Albert, Mr. Macdonald passed over much first-class country, and finally established himself on that river. Subsequently the firm have sent out many thousands of cattle, with sufficient supplies, horses, drays, carts, workingbullocks,&c.;,&c.;,and have now sent by the Jacmel Packet every other requirement for what is practically a new colony. Among the items sent by the Jacmel Packet are five hundred pineapple plants, ten varieties of bananas and plan- tains, arrowroot, ginger, &e.; ; also, a great variety of sugar-cane and every kind of garden seed in great abundance, and many varieties of sorghum, imphee, and cotton seed. It is the intention, we understand, of Mr. Macdonald to publish, in the course of a few days, his journal, and a tracing of his journey from Port Denison to the Gulf, showing his marked line from the eastern coast to the Gulf, 800 miles, the only one yet found practic- able for large bodies of cattle. The importance of this enterprise can hardly be over- estimated and it must be gratifying to the people of New South Wales to know, that while their neighbors in South Australia, Victoria, and Queensland have been considering, the matter, or merely taking the preliminary steps towards the colonisation of the northern coasts of this great country, a private Sydney firm, of very small pretensions, and making little ado about the matter, has already accomplished the object. THE WEDBISG-RIHO.-Mr. Massingberd, in his recent " Lectures on the Prayer- book," thus accounts for the connection between the wedding ring and the bride's fourth finger :-" According to flic old service-books the practice was for the man to place the ring first on the tip of the thumb, reckoned as the first finger, saying, ' In the name of the Father ;' then on the second finger, saying, and of the Son ;' then on that of the third finger, saying, and of the Holy Ghost ;' and so finally on the fourth with the word ' Amen ;' " and so it remained on the fourth, where it does and will remain on all properly married ladies and thus the custom is accounted for Public Opinions. ANIMAL CANNIIIAMS.M.-"Thorloy'a food for cattle 1" Is he really? We sincerely hope the cattle like him. Comic News. > 