NOTES ON A HOLIDAY TRIP. No. II. THE COAST AND SYDNEY HARBOR. PASSING along the coast there are few points of interest to a Queenslander, but if he is not altogether a new chum, and is one of those who took an interest in local politics prior to separa- tion, he will pass with regret the Richmond and Clarence Heads, knowing that this was a strip of country filched from Queensland by Sir Wm. Denison and Co., after the division at the thirtieth parallel of latitude had been sanc- tioned by the home authorities. Now we pass Port Macquarie, where some poor mortal has got a local habitation pretty near the sea. This spot is still pointed out with pride by New South Welshmen as the place were a sugar plantation was to have been formed, but something upset the little arrangement. Poor deluded, infatuated brings, to imagine for a moment that they can ever hope to compete with Queensland in sugar-growing ! After a second night's rest the voyager will be able to go on deck and have a look at the light-house Point Stephens ; that is, if he has been sufficiently fortunate for wind and weather, for some of us recollect the time when Point Stephens was not reached in two days or three either from the port of Brisbane. This port is said to be one of the finest on the coast of Australia, but it has been little used ; it is the victim of a giant monopoly, for here the Imperial Government granted to the Australian Agricultural Company a million acres of land in fee simple, on condition that they spent half-a-million sterling on the land, and employed convict labor ! There are few of our agriculturists of the present day who have any idea of such a farm as that—a thousand acres is a good deal but a thousand times a thousand acres is simply beyond the conception of simple- minded clod hoppers like ourselves. A fine port and 1500 square miles of land kept under the hoof of the monopolist-enterprise, ambition, emula- tion, friendly rivalry, all forbidden here ; sheep and cattle only are wanted. A vessel was once despatched direct from England to this port the poor unfortunate barque Tory—but like the ill-fated Dunbar, she got within sight of the desired haven and there perished ; she was wrecked in the bight between Port Stephens and Newcastle about 12 years ago and thus ended the direct trade between Great Britain and Port Stephens. Nobby's is now in sight a long way to the westward, but we'll let that pass for we may have a more friendly sight of him before we return. A few hours' steaming and we are abreast of the North Head of Port Jackson. I will not attempt to describe the joyful sensation here awakened in the breast of many a sea-sick and home-sick emigrant, who, after ploughing the deep for three or four long months see at last the desired haven there. The North Head Islands in solitary grandeur when the waves wrought into a fury are lashing its sides as though they would sweep it away, there it stands in the majestic calmness of a mighty monarch which has braved ft. above a thousand years the battle and the breeze. And there its smaller, but twin brother, the South Head, which possesses a melancholy interest on account of the fearful wreck of the Dunbar, a few years ago, when ship and cargo, ship's company, and passengers all met a watery grave. One only out of more than a hundred and twenty souls one only escaped to tell the mournful tale. But there is the other side of the question : it is not often we have such a fearful night as that on our coast and should it turn out fine weather, as we hope it will then imagine yourself looking through a magnifying glass at the entrance to a nobleman s private grounds. The gates are thrown back and you see only a pair of splendid pillars. one of which is surmounted by the symbol of commerce, the light-house you pass through, and there is opened to your astonished gaze such un- heard of beauties that you begin to imagine yourself under the influence of seminary spirit, who has transported you to the Pours grounds of the enchanted castle, but let me not forget myself, for here on the right, even within this beautiful harbor, is the rock against which the Catherine Adamson was dBslie,d"¡ where she became a total wreck, and see, seven of her passengers came to an untimely end ; but we steam ahead, and pass nicely till" we beautiful bays and inlets which, in ordinary times, are the homes of the happy, and which are also the resort of thousands of pleasure seekers from Sydney during the holidays. There has been comparatively little improvement made on the north side owing, I presume, to the great fact of the Parramatta Paver inter- posing its slovenly, unhandsome course betwixt that shore and our nobility. On the south we have Boso Boy, Rushcutter's Bay, Woolloomooloo Bay, &c.;, &c.;, all SO completely studded with those gorgeous palaces and splendid mansions that it would be invidious to particularise. We are passing Fort Denison, to-the Pinchgut of former days-which, if a novice might venture an opinion, would make fearful havoc of any enemy's ship that dropped anchor alongside. Then, here's Garden Island, which scarcely conveys the idea of a garden to one's mind as it is at present $ although, I suppose, if Vue needy Government had accepted the offer of Bill Nash, of £100,000 for it, he would have made it more like a garden than it is at present. But it probably received its names from its proximity to the Botanical Gardens, as did the Cove on which they are situated, and which we are now passing it is called Farm Cove, the Garden being known by the appellation of a farm before it attained its present dignity. On the south-eastern promontory forming this cove is Lady Macquarie's Chair, being the terminal point of a pots around the cove designed by that lady. Over the chair is a small fort of more recent erection. On the opposite promon- tory there is DSO a fort, which, even in the present 'peaceful times, is of great use to the "'police, as from it a cannon is discharged daily (Sundays excepted), precisely at 1 o'clock, which may be heard in any part of the city But he are now opposite Sydney Cove, with its forest of masts forest where once only the solitude of the still Waters reigned. Of the veritable forest of former days not a vestige remains a brick and stone reign there. The ghost of Governor Phillip would be feared back to its unearthly habitation did it dare to intrude its presence now into the dominions where he once held sway. This original Sydney Cove UM maintained its supremacy ; it is the headquarters of the British and foreign trade " The first vessel for London" will be found in Sydney Cove, as will also the latest arrival which has been fortunate enough to procure a berth at the Circular Quay, or some other of the numerous wharves in that locality. But we are passing Miller's Point, which is crowned by Dawes' Battery and on the right we have left Goat Island, the depot for the storage of gun powder, situate in the mouth of the Parramatta River, and are abreast of Balmain ; we are consequently entering Darling. Harbor, the deepest inlet of the whole, which, granting the supremacy in large vessels to Sydney Cove, is, we be horse second to none in the number of its vessels ; here nearly all the coasting trade is carried on j here are situated the wharves of the A.S.N. Co., the Q.S.N. Co., the 0 and B.R.S.N. Co., the New Hunter River S. N. Co., the Illawarra Co., and others of less note on the right. We pass Johnson's Bay, and are abreast of Pyrmont, the nasal extremity of which is called Darling Point, and is occupied by the exclusive engineer- ing depot of the A.S.N. Co. Eight ahead is the Pyrmont Bridge, which, although provided with a turn table to allow of the passage of vessels, is nevertheless an indication that traffic is not very extensive beyond; we therefore quickly find ourselves alongside the wharf, where for a short space of time all is bustle, which is greatly increased by the number of people who always have time to visit the incoming steamers, apparently without any other object in view than to go aboard and back again. There are others whose business avocations take them there. "Can, Sir I" " Want a hand with the luggage, Sir," are questions which assail the care of the passengers ; and having engaged a hand with the luggage, you find, on depositing it in the cab, that the charges are not regulated either as to time or distance by Act of the Municipal Council, but by the " cheek" of the urchin who so disinterestedly offered his services. The fare per cab being so regulated, that is, by a bye-law according to time or distance, the danger of being overcharged is not very great, and you may be taken to any part of the city at a very moderate charge. (I would here remark, paren- thetically, that our Brisbane Corporation might have copied this regulation with advantage, instead of making the absurd one now in force, of having a couple of cross lines to regulate the fare for any uncertain distance beyond or between thus if you want to cross a certain street, or say from Raff's wharf to the Queen's Arms in AYiekhatñ-srrcct, one dray-load, probably only a box of luggage, four shillings and sixpence But it will be time enough to find that out when I get back to Brisbane ; I will therefore, not spoil pleasure by moping over it now.) Having arrived at my inn, I will here take mine ease, Ah I now see the much derided state of single blessedness. Here I am, comfortably ensconced iii the little parlor, while that poor Benedictine fellow, passenger is worried to death to procure a place for his many-headed responsibility. He is too great a stranger or too poor a man to know anything of Petty's Family Hotel, he therefore calls at every respectable-looking man, has a nobler and asks if they can accommodate a family, until he is so accustomed to hear an excuse that he scarcely knows whether it is the lodgings or the liquor he wishes to find. Poor fellow, his enjoyment may be, and probably is great at home, but when we come to Sydney we prefer being a bachelor. Is AND OUT OF SYDNEY. Having had a comfortable repose, for I will not admit for a second that the sheets were not scrupulously clean, or that there could possibly have been an unwelcome nocturnal visitor in the neighbourhood for years past, all of which annoyances the ladies are sure to find out, whether they exist or no j or if I should have been so unfortunate, why then that's no "criterion" for you, for they are not all alike you know, I set about seeing some of the sights in Sydney-the lions of the city and to the lover of the beautiful in art and nature, the Botanical Gardens will be an attraction of the first order. It would occupy a considerable volume to describe all that is there to be seen, from Sir Richard Bourke's monument at the entrance of the outer domain to the chair of Lady Macquarie already mentioned. Suffice to say that you will there meet with trees, plants, and shrubs, from all quarters of the world, collected and added to the product of the seeds brought out by the first expedition which landed on these shores for settlement, for here the "Farm" was first laid out, and here it has continued and not the least attractive and instructive division is the aviary, there are not only birds, but animals of various shapes and colors and on the occasion of my visit I had an exhibition of the depravity of human nature, which I hope is not usual there. A few young men were amusing themselves and the monkeys, by giving edibles and rags to the latter, with which they amused themselves, but when lighted lucifers were given to them, they very naturally " burnt their fingers." A day in the gardens I put down as a day well spent, which was followed by a day at the museum. Here my sub-marine friend the dugong-is one of the first objects that meets the eye as you enter the door, but he is here elevated in mid-air, and is found over our heads instead of under our boat. There are also samples of more monstrous marine mammalia than even the dugong. There is here a much larger collection of specimens of natural history than in the gardens, and probably those now doing duty in that establishment will figure in the museum after " their probationary state of ex- distance" is passed in their present quarters; here is a numerous collection of snakes and other reptiles and poisonous insects. BarmJcss insects of all kinds are well represented " butterflies in thousands ;" there is also 8 Tory Send collection of specimens geological, which are well worth careful study by any one at all interested in the development of our hidden resources. There are many other objects of curiosity which do not belong to either the animal or mineral kingdoms. On my way to and from these places. I will not forget to have my eyes about me, for as I pass along the streets there are many public and private buildings to attract attention, some that will please the eye, a -most others offend the taste of the lover of cor root architecture. Then there are the Legislative Halls, alias the " boar gardens," in Macquarie-street It is a great day to-day ! the Martin Ministry have resigned, and somebody must have been sent for I consequently send my steps hitherward, but my cars are assailed in language more emphatic than polite-" send no more tickets Up hero-no more room." I have-, therefore, lost an opportunity of hearing the collective wisdom of the parent colony on this important occasion, a. novelty to one who has been long in Queensland is the Btroofc railway laid down in Pitt-street on which a car drawn by four horses runs in conjunction with the railway proper, which terminates at Bedford, on the outskirts of the city, whence I take my ticket. to Parramatta, fat I cannot avoid a trip by rail, which must be a luxury to nil natives. Besides, there are some interesting buildings in this locality. Here is the University, with St. Paul's College iii close proximity 3 and on the other hand, as if for contrast, Darlinghurst Gaol. We speed away as on the wings of the wind, leaving the barren sandhills, which everywhere surround the city, behind us. We stop for a minute at each of the several villages on the line, and are in less than three quarters of an hour at Parramatta, a staid, sober', respectable old town, resembling Bris bone in one respect that is, in its abundance of churches and chapels very good feature ; but it is easy to see that the owners of properly would have preferred being in Sydney, more especially since the railway was carried through, as that must have deprived Parramatta of all chance of rising to any importance, except the elements of strength be within itself, which I very BlaCK doubt. Certainly the tweed factory is there, but that will scarcely support a town. The tourist having " done" the main street, and paid a visit In the denham, thinks he has seen enough of Parramatta, and looks out for the coach, by which he is taken a distance of a couple of miles or thereby to catch the 3 o'clock steamer, which, Ijky Illa steamer at Ipswich going down to the basin, has to go some distance down the river to turn round and get a fair start for Sydney. The trip is not devoid of interest, were it only for the pretty name of one of the stopping places-" Kissing Point ;" but the stream is an insignificant one, with mangroves and mud flats on its sides. Ah important feature on nearing Sydney is Cockatoo Island, the penal settlement of the colony, and Goat Island, the bite of the powder magazine, opposite to which is WaterView Bay and Dry Dock, excavated by private enterprise at an enormous expenses I am again at the wharf and on terra firma, where another lot awaits to take our places, having taken their pleasure or performed their duty in the city, as the case may be. I spent a day in looking round the outskirts of the city, and cannot help coming to the conclusion that the aspect of the place must have been unpromising in the extreme, when the pioneer Hoot cast anchor in Port Jackson, here a barren rock, there a heap of drift sand but a great deal has certainly been done in a short space of time by the hand of man, for the splendid harbour, throwing out its gigantic arms into every part of the city, affords facilities such as are seldom, if over met with elsewhere, un- building and laying out grounds to advantage, and the views from some of these spots to the harbour, or vice versa, are delightful indeed. But I will retire for the night, preparatory to another trip, which if not so beautiful, may prove quite as useful as any I have yet had in the neighbourhood of Sydney. Betiro for the night, did I say ? No, only for the evening meal-for strange and unnatural hour The 11 under River Steamer leaves the wharf at 11 o'clock at night. Well, perhaps it's a saving of time, for did I not see all the sights as I came in- even Government-house, on the north-west wing of Farm Cove, of Milich I said nothing? I, therefore, quietly turn in, oblivious of the fact that I am on the water, and am only awoke in the morning by overhearing some one whisper that Nobbys is in sight. Well, that is a " light little island," although its insularity is broken by the breakwater, which in its turn often gets broken, too. Evidently intended by nature as a stand-point for a light-house, the authorities have followed up the intention, and have built a lighthouse on it. It is a difficult and dangerous operation for a sailing craft, in certain states of The weather, to got round Nobby's, and safely into harbor and many a tidy vessel has come to grief on that oyster bank opposite. At the present time the masts of one poor unfortunate barque bear evidence of the disaster that occurred to the vessel which carried them, not many months ago. But I am under steam, and safe at the wharf. 