: POSTAL AND TELEGRAPHIC DE PARTMENTS. 'The hon. member for the Murray (Mr Oer), and the hon. and eccentric member for Warnambool have been preaching economy to the Government in the manage- ment of the postal and telegraphic depart ments ; but they have both signally failed in showing that any extravagance or neces sity for reform exists. No one would be more ready than ourselves to condemn profli gate expenditure, but we question whether the economy advocated by the two members would not be synonymous with the ineffi ciency of both departments. They neither of them adduced the ghost of a reason for re- organisation ; they neither of them as serted that the official staffs were too large, and neither of them was in favor of a reduc tion of salaries. What, then, could have been their object in introducing the discus sion is, to us, a perfect mystery. It is well known that neither of the departments is a source of revenue ; but, on the contrary, that they are large absorbents of the public treasures. Surely, however, the hon. mem bers are not sufficiently green in the science of ' legislation to attribute this to mis management. They never were a source of revenue, and it was never intended they should be. The public is well and honestly served by them, and the efficiency of their working would not discredit a much older country than our own. "We scarcely think that Mr Dane and Mr Ore could have care fully read the report of the General Superin tendent of Electric Telegraph, which has just been presented to both Houses of Par liament, or they would never have committed themselves to conduct so utterly inconsistent with liberal — nob reckless — legislation, and so entirely opposed to our internal welfare. We certainly congratulate ourselves on the progress we hare made during the past year towards, a perfect and rapid means of internal communication. Three new lines of telegraph have -been com pleted or were in progress, and three new stations have been opened for .business. The lines too, we are told, have worked exceed ingly well, although temporary, interruptions have occasionally occurred through lightning storms, and other atmospheric, disturbances — interruptions, which, of course, were una voidable. As a proof of tble competency of the officers in the department, and their bu siness assiduity, only, twenty-six charges of negligence in the transfer or delivery of mes sages have been preferred during the year, and in fourteen of these cases only, was the department proved to hi purely guilty. To those who have occasion to transact business through the medium of the telegraph, this state of things will be highly satisfactory, and is calculated to/inspire confidence in the department. Its financial condition, too, when contrasted with the benefits it confers upon the community, will not give the true economist— however it may affect the psuedo- economi8t — any serious cause of concern. The debtor and creditor statement shows a balance on the " wrong side " ; and although it would have been more gratulatory were: it not so, the department, as we -have already observed, was never intended to be made a source of revenue. The original , object in view was public convenience, and it has been admirably attained. . 'Speculation was no part of the idea, and, had profit attended it, it would have been simply accidental to the scheme. Those who ha v eatall in teres ted themselves in the lines now in. progress, or that have recently been. completed, will rea dily understand this, as communication has been extended to places with A full knowledge that financially it "was- .impolitic, and would be a failure. The losses 'have been chiefly in the maintenance of stations at small places, and in some of these there is certainly a re markable disproportion between the receipts and expenditure. Twenty-nine stations have failed to collect the cost of their maintenance, showing a deficiency in the aggregate of £8415 5s Id, their total receipts being £2754 ls 6d, and the total expenditure upon; them. £11,169 6s 7d. At one station the cash receipts for the past year were: only ; :i £30 17s 8d, while the expenditure upon it, in sala ries, stores, &c.;, for the same period was £391 103 IOd, thus causing a loss to the treasury of £360 139 2d. Three stations have contributed a loss of upwards of £400, ten of £300, and twelve of £200 in the year ; but still we should scarcely think it advisable to close them, and deprive the inhabitants of those parts of the advantages which more favored localities possess. If these stations were mere financial . speculations the depart ment would be justified ih dlosing them, but, as it is, it could not do so without laying itself open to the charge of injustice. Be sides, such wholesale closing would be the destruction of the scheme of communication we have so strenuously endeavored to per fect, and on this ground alone it would be inadvisable. Again, although they are at present a loss, we do not altogether despair of them in the future. Were a system of cheap messages introduced, the public would soon become accUitomed to communication by electricity, and the telegraph department would do a great deal of the work which is now being performed by the post office. At home a private company lately inaugurated shilling telegrams to all parts of the couutry, and the result far more thau realised the expectations of the projectors. The people there have gob thoroughly accustomed to the rapid means of communication, and, in the transac tion of business, the telegraph is superseding the post, something after the fashion in which the railway carriage superseded the Btagecoacb. Iu this country too, wheretheeosfc of postage is so much greater than at home, there would be more inducement to bring the telegraph into requisition, were a system of cheap communication once introduced. Had Messrs Ore and Dane brought the subject before the House iu this light they ' might have been the instruments of good, whereas, now, they have only increased the ' disregard of those who know how to value - the benefits conferred by the postal and telegraphic departments. 