SKETCHES FROM REAL LIFE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. SAILORS' YARNS!--PART FOURTH. "I PROMISED last night that I would tell you about Captain Lindley and the monkey; so here's for a start, sir, if you have no objection; but I am sorry you do not know that gentleman, Mr. Boomerang, because you will not half appreciate my yarn, unless you can fancy Lindley is spinning it himself; for none but he can tell his stories with effect. It was as pleasant to me as a good dinner, any day, to sit and listen to him for an hour or two; for his coil of yarns was like paddy's rope, there was no end to it. But it topped all, to hear him tell about Jacko and the roast beef! There was more fun in his honest face then, than in a cage full of monkeys: and he would actually thump the table, or hammer away at the bulk head with his fists, in his excess of mirth, while be described Jacko scudding up aloft with a hot carrot in his mouth—and when he wiped his eyes, after his ecstacy was over, you would almost fancy he was fretting because he could not laugh any longer. Yes, "a merry old soul was he;" as scores of his old passengers will smilingly testify, and any man who could sit and look at him, while he was enjoying his roast monkey—I mean his yarn of the monkey and the roast beef \--any man who could even look at him then, without laughing till he cried, would have no more tickle in him than my figure head yonder; that's my opinion. But let us sit down on the hen- coops, sir, if you please; for it is hard work to walk and spin a tough yarn, while the ship is knocking about in this chopping sea, it tumbles all my ideas together, like prize tickets in a lucky bag." Thus apostrophised my friend, the weather-beaten Captain mentioned in the preceding chapter—and forthwith he began the following story, which is a slight variation on the original. "When my friend Lindley was third mate of the "Nancy Dawson," he was on the watch one afternoon, and was waiting for the steward to bring his dinner on deck, for the captain and passengers had gone below to dine. Being always ready for a bit of fun when it did not interfere with duty, Lindley began to play with a monkey, which was made fast by a chain to the mizen mast. The poor brute was half killed with the coddling and petting of his owner, a whimsical old bachelor who was a passenger on board; and Lindley, thinking, that an hour's run would be a treat to Jacko, cast off his moorings, when he began to dance about the deck like a dandy in a ball room." "Presently Lindley went aft to heave the log; and after he had finished, and had made the entry on his log slate, he looked round for his frolicsome friend; but he was gone from the poop. Fearing he would get into trouble with the old fogy below, who was as particular about his pet as if he were his son and heir, Lindley began to hunt for the fugitive. But he had not to hunt long, for on looking over the break of the poop, there he was, actually perched on a prime joint of roast beet, which the cook had a minute before placed on the deck, ready to be put on the cabin table, after the steward had cleared away the soup plates. Yes, sure enough, there sat Jocko on the nice savory roast, with his long tail floating In the gravy, and evidently pleased with his warm seat, as well as with the flavour of the carrots, which garnished the sides of the dish." "Confound your nasty carcase!" shouted Lindley at the same time throwing a cringle at him, which would have spoilt his appetite, if it had hit him, but Jacko was off in an instant; stuff- ing a long piece of carrot into his mouth, he bolted up to the mizen top, and there he sat munching and licking his fingers, like a regular gourmond. Of course Lindley was up after him pretty smartly but it was not an easy job to catch him, for he climbed right up to the mizen truck. Lindley did catch him though, and brought him down to his old quarters, and gave him a regular tickling with the end of the signal halliards. Then looking over the break of the poop, Lindley saw that the dish was gone. "Why blow my buttons off!" said he to himself, "the steward has never taken that foul joint into the cabin!" As he said that he hurried down the ladder and peeped through the cuddy window; and sure enough there was the beef on the table, and the company were evidently enjoying it too, for it was very tender and juicy and they did not get roast beef and carrots every day. The old bachelor had the outside cut, which he always pre- ferred, because he liked his meat done brown. Of course, you know, Lindley had much better have said nothing about the monkey sauce seeing that the meat was half eaten, and the gravy had been equally divided amongst them; for I dare say, sir, we all eat worse tack than that sometimes, without knowing it. But Lindley was always square and honest, so without thinking twice on the subject, into the cabin he goes and began to overhaul the steward, for presuming to carry a joint of meat into the Captain's table, after that mangy monkey had been sitting astride of it and had bathed his ugly tail in the gravy." "My blocks! wasn't there a sudden stir in the cuddy, at that instant!" said the Captain laughing till his eyes watered. They all jumped up as though they were poisoned, and ran in various directions. The old bachelor darted on deck and after bowing his bead humbly over the side of the ship, for a minute, saying his grace I suppose, he rushed up and kicked the monkey twice in one place. "But you must fancy the rest, Mr. Boomerang, I cannot spin the yarn as Lindley does, and it spoils a rich thing when its badly dished up." * * * * "One monkey is sure to rouse up another if it is within hail," said the rusty faced Captain, after he had removed from his boisterous attacks of laughter. "That yarn reminds me of another, which I will spin you while I think of it: but hold on a bit, sir, we shall be springing our bowsprit or carrying away something or other, if we go driving into this head sea at this rate. "Lay aft the watch! Haul the mainsail up!" "Now she'll go a little easier I'll engage," said the captain, resuming his scat on the hen-coops, and commencing his story, which he said was, as nearly as he could recollect, in his infor- mant's own words. "I was going round the Horn in the Dying Duck," said Tom Bitts the boatswain, hitching up his belt and turning his quid in true, Jack-tar fashion. "We were from Valparaiso, and were bound to Liverpool. I had a very handsome monkey on board, which I was taking home to give to a rich old aunt, who was very partial to Italian boys and barrel organs. I bought it from a Spaniard at Mendoza for five dollars; and the fellow told me it would do any mortal thing but talk English. By jingo I'll soon teach him that, said I, if he's got any gumption at all in his head; so I took the creature on board, and made him a nice snug berth just abaft the caboose. But he was such a precious thief, that the cook couldn't leave his galley half a minute without losing something, which was always booked to Pedro's account. He was bad enough no doubt, still I never could believe that he ate a damson tart, and a roley poley pudding, dishes and all, at one go; and I didn't think it was quite the thing for him to bear the sins of all the thievish sailors on board, and his own too. Let every man have fair play, says I to myself; and I think Pedro understood what I said, for he winked very knowingly at me, and stroked his chin, to show that he appreciated his own value. So I shifted him under the top-gallant forecastle, and made him a picket out of an old blanket, to keep his bones from shivering out of their joints. But there was an awful draught through the hawse-holes, so Pedro didn't like his new quarters at all; and every time I went to see him he would begin to grumble, in same foreign jingo; but I couldn't understand a word he said, though I fancied he was swearing at me, for shifting him." "Speak English!" said I to him one day, at the same time giving him a cuff aside of the head. "Confound you, if you had only half as much nous as your owner said you had, you'd been a scholar afore now, considering the good society you have had in this ship; but I expect your head is as thick as a cocoanut. Speak English will you! You must know something about it, and I'll have it out of you; so you had better begin to pay out all you know. But he only jabbered away a lot of Spanish oaths, and looked as savage as if I'd stolen him." "Come, come! none of your sauce to me," says I, "or I'll pretty soon teach you better manners. I paid five dollars for you, and I'm not going to be bullied like that, by my own property; as the planter said when his nigger sneezed." "Jabber, jabber, jabber!" said Pedro, grinning like a tom-cat with a fish bone up his nose. "What do you mean by that?" said I, "do you call that English? It may pass well enough in some circles, but it won't do on board the Dying Duck, I can tell you; so I took him by the scruff of the neck, and soused him head foremost into the wash deck tub, without giving him time to take his monkey jacket off. The water was freezing cold, but Pedro jumped out as quickly as if it were scalding hot, and my spars! how he did abuse me: but all in Spanish, or some other foreign gibberish." "Now I tell you what it is said I, if you pay out another inch bf that slang, I'll half drown you; so I give you fair warning. Do you think I am going to be jawed at by an ugly monkey like you?" said I, shaking my fist in his face. With that the spiteful brute swore worse than ever, and tried to bite my knuckles: so I look him by the tail and soused him under water again, and held him there for a minute: and when he had scrambled out, I gave him a smart kick which sent him scudding under the windlass. "Now speak English will you?" said I, in a bit of a passion. "Thunder and hurricanes," roared Pedro, in a voice as loud as a young donkey's. "Do you think any mortal man can stand this? Dash my buttons! let me catch you, and I'll punch your head into a custard apple." "Goblins! how he made me jump, sir! my hair stood up as stiff as a dry swab, and I bolted out of the forecastle like a scared pig. In my fright I didn't see where I was steering, so I ran slap up against the cook, who was just coming out of his galley with a tureen full of hot pea soup. Down we both went on the deck, sprawling, and nearly all the soup went over my back, which made me sing out twice as loud as Pedro. I was awfully scalded, and was on the sick list for ever so long; and I was as scared too as if I had seen a jolly boat full of ghosts; so I didn't forget teaching a monkey to talk English in a hurry. I'll take care never to go on that lay again." "That's just the way of the world all over, Tom," said l to him, "so long as the poor monkey bore all your ill-usage without show- ing fight, you pitched it into him without mercy: but as soon as he turned round and spoke up like a man, you ran away like a coward. Ah, that's like bullies in general, Tom! But what did you do with Pedro after all?" said I. "Why I didn't have any more to do with him at all, sir, I never went within the length of his chain, nor spoke another word to him all the voyage; for I thought he was a young imp in a monkey's skin. But old Fidd the sailmaker and Pedro used to get on like brothers, so I sold him to Fidd for a pound of tobacco: and what do you think, sir, when I got to Liverpool I found that I had been regularly swindled out of my monkey; and the whole kidnapping plot came out, in this way. Soon after we had got into dock, Fidd went ashore with Pedro on his back, and sold him for five pounds before he had carried him a cable's length. Of course he had a spree with part of the money; and when he came on board again that night, drunk, he let out the secret of Pedro's plain English; and this is the way the precious old cheat had managed to get the windward of me, sir. When he heard me giving Pedro his first lesson, he had slily crept up under the windlass, and roared out in the way I have related; and there he had lain, for ever so long, and half killed himself with laughing at my terror, and my disaster with the cook, of course if I had looked calmly about me, I should have found out the fraud in a minute: but I was so awfully taken aback, at hearing a monkey speak up like that, that my reason was knocked stupid, and my legs ran me foul of the hot pea soup, which gave me something else to think about for a time. But the most wonder- ful thing after all in this, sir," added Tom, as a wind up to his yarn. "l am told, in course I can't see it myself, but all my ship- mates have declared, that there is a scar on my back, which the scalding soup left; and it is the exact shape of a ring-tailed monkey, with his mouth open, and a great lump of thunder in his right fist." "What do you think of Tom Bitt's the boatswain's yarn, Mr. Boomerang?" asked the Captain, after he had enjoyed a hearty chuckle over it, and was filling his pipe; which was a sure indica- tion that he was about to make some philosophical comments. "I think it has a decided dash of Tom Pepper in it, Captain," said I, smiling. "Of course it has, sir," replied the captain; "and I don't warrant it, as I do most of my stories. I narrated it mainly for the purpose of showing the peculiar fancy of sailors for spinning yarns of a marvellous or ridiculous character. That last rigma- role is not so bad as some I have heard: and there is nothing very horrifying in it, you know, or I shouldn't have told it,— but I have heard some that were awfully profane. I am very glad, however, to believe that sailors as a class are improving both mentally and morally, and there are fewer Tom Peppers, than there used to be when I was a boy. I will tell you what is helping a great measure to cause that desideratum. Many owners and captains of ships have a hearty interest in their men, and they show it by the means taken to ensure their physical comfort, and their moral advancement too. In many ships there is a small library for the use of the crews; and l think if every owner only knew the incalculable advantage of such things, few indeed would grudge the comparatively trifling outlay, and we should soon see every ship afloat well supplied with instructive books, and with many of the popular periodicals of the day. The latter might be distributed in foreign ports (after they had been read by the crews), and thus useful literature would be largely circulated, with very little cost or trouble. "Then again, sir, in these days when all the world goes travel- ling, there are many sterling men who, on principle, are always usefully employed. Such men do not care to lie in their berths, or sit about the decks, doing nothing, all through a voyage; but they often occupy themselves in talking to the sailors about good things, and instructing their minds. For instance, I knew a gentleman who used to go in the forecastle almost every day, and give short familiar lectures to the watch below, about all sorts of useful things: and those of the crew who could not read or write, he taught them. I have heard him say that the occupa- tion helped to beguile the tedium of the voyage amazingly; and besides that, he had the satisfaction of seeing some very happy results of his labours, which I have not time to tell you about, at present—indeed it would be presumptuous to talk about results of good actions, for who can trace them? Who can possibly tell the measure of good, which may spring from the simple act of teaching even a poor black man to read the Bible? "Another thing, sir, and a very important one too; many ships now sail on temperance principles: and instead of receiving a daily allowance of grog, the sailors receive an equivalent in some other shape. I should be very glad indeed if that system were general; for in my experienced opinion, at least three-fourths of the disasters which occur on ship-board, are traceable to in- temperance. I wish, too, that every shipmaster could feel a fatherly interest in his officers and crew; and would study, among other things, to allow them the whole of Sundays to themselves when in port. A belief that they are uncared for, often creates a craving for strong drink and other pernicious excitement, which is the reason why so many sailors are poor and profligate. Many men spend their money as fast—nay faster than they earn it—making no provision for the future; and by- and-bye, when they become unseaworthy, they are cast upon the strand, as miserably helpless as storm- beaten shags. "Then, again, sir, in many ports there are 'Sailors' Homes;' which are excellent institutions, and tend to keep poor Jack out of mischief, and lead him into virtuous habits; besides which, it cheers his heart when under severe trials and privations at sea, to know that kind friends on shore are interested in him, and to feel that he is not altogether a homeless wanderer. You have a fine building of that kind in Sydney, and I am glad to learn that it is very well conducted, and that a good many sailors appreciate it. I have been thinking, sir, that some of the intelligent Christian young men of Sydney, might very profitably employ a spare hour occasionally in visiting the Sailors' Home, and in- structing the inmates in religious duties. They might do a vast amount of good, too, by explaining to the sailors the practical advantages of saving part of their hard earnings. The economy of life assurance, and deferred annuities, might be explained to them—in a simple manner—and I am persuaded that many sailors would gladly avail themselves of the benefits offered by such institutions, if they properly understood them. Thus they might make provisions for their wives or aged parents, who may be dependent on them; or provide a 'stand by' for themselves, in their old age; and be saved, in the meantime, from squander- injg their money in vicious courses, which not only tend to wreck their bodies, but their souls too. "I have mentioned some of the leading means which are being applied, for the moral and social improvement of sailors, Mr. Boomerang. Still there is much work for the philanthropist to do, and many evils to remove or counteract, to which seamen are specially exposed; and surely the work is worth going at, with a will, considering how much the comforts and even necessaries of civilised life, are dependent upon the exertions and bravery of that hard- worked, and often ill-used class of men. But I must belay my yarn for to- night, sir," added the captain, rising and preparing for duty. "The breeze is freshening fast, and we must shorten sail. I don't like to carry on till sails blow away, because it is dangerous to the lives and limbs of the crew: indeed, I have always felt afraid of cracking on too long since the night when I lost seven men off the main topsail yard." "All hands to reef topsails!" shouted the captain, at that moment: so not wishing to hinder him in his preparations for a hard blow, I bade him good night and was going below. "Good night, sir!" said he, "I am much obliged to you for the patient interest with which you have listened to my rough yarns, and I hope you will stow away all that is worth keeping into your memory's locker: and whenever you get a chance, speak a good word for sailors, for you know something about them." I would repeat the captain's compliment to those of my readers who have had the patience to read my four rambling chapters; and at the same time I would earnestly say to them all, "RE- MEMBER POOR JACK." Darlinghurst. A Pooa Excuse.— An author, not unfriendly to the bottle, when surprised one evening in his arm-chair, two or three boura after dinner, is reported to have apologised by saying, ' Whan one Is alone, the bottle does come round bo very often.' A Ghost in Dangfr. — At the time tbat Garrick performed in Goodman's Fields, the stage inclined from the pit at so 6teep a gradient, that it was difficult to walk on it. One night the play was 'Hamlet,' and tbe ghost, whose suit of armour had been borrowed from the Tower, being encumbered by its weight, when put up from the trap, w as unable to keep his balance, and rolled dawn to the lamps, where he lay, 'oonfined tn Imttng fires?' till a wag in the pit drew the attention of the other performers, by crying out, ' The ghost will be burned 1' A SvooESTivB Qvestzox.— Douglas Jerrold, discussing one day with Mr. Planchc the vexed question of adapting dramatio pieces from tbo French, that gentlemen insisted upon claiming some of bis characters as strictly original creations. '&o; you ! know my Baroness in Ask no Questtons t' aaid Mr. P. ' Yes, I indeed, 1 don't think I ever saw a piece of yours without being I struck with your barrenness was the retort. 