OUH LONDON NEWS-LETTER, fFrom our own Correspondent.} London, January 26, 1865. Parliament opens on the 7th of February for the despatch of business, and as the Court returns from Osborne a few days later Her Majesty will not officiate in person at that ceremony. Indeed the tenor of tlie communicated article to the Times some months ago would lead to the inference that Queen Victoria, having now a substitute in the Hair Apparent, has bidden farewell to state ceremonials. It is on that ground, I imagine, that the rumor has arisen that in conseauence of his extra state duties and expenditure, Parliament will be asked to vote an extra £30,000 a year to the Prince of Wales. It may be remembered that on his marriage the Prince ?was endowed with £40,000 per annum, in addition to what accrues from the Duchy of Cornwall, making £100,000 in all. This i* some £50,000 a year less than sufficed for tlie last Prince of WaleB (G-eorge IV.) who, however, had to sustain, or thought so, the position of ' first gentleman of Europe.' If the demand is made Parliament will no doubt accede to it, for the Priuce is generally popular, aud it is felt that economy in royal expenditure has been carried as far as is consistent with becoming hospitality. Another and more delicate subject in connection with the royal family has been openly canvassed in the papers, and I am therefore free to allude to it. The amiable and universally popular Princess Mary of Cambridge has arrived at that time of life when people are apt to discuss matrimonial prospects. The public may be excused from indulging in some regret at the possibility of so charming a Princess being cut off from wedded happiness because she happens to be in the direct line, though very remote, of succession to the Crown. A week or two ago a High Cliurch paper took upon itself to announce that the Princess was actually married to Viscount Hood without the consent of the Queen, but with the sanction of the Church. The Times was then authorised to state that the report was unfounded. But this bold denial does not, I believe, fairly represent the case. A few months ago the Princess Mary is understood to have looked so favorably upon the suit of the gallant Viscount that die matter waB laid before the Queen, who objected to the alliance pro forma as contrary to the spirit of the Soyal Marriage Act. The PrinceBB has since been with her relatives in Germany, and will not return for a week or two. The papers have been looking up the Royal Marriage Act, and have discovered that the position of Her Royal Highness is not so helpless as had been thought. It is true that the consent of the Sovereign is necessary to tbe marriage with a subject of any prince or princeBB of the royal blood. But, then, the person most in terested being above the age of 25 years can give notice of his or her intention to the Privy Council, and if within a twelvemonth the step is not con demned by both Houses of Parliament, the marriage may legally be solemnized. Whether any such steps will be taken in the present case is only matter of surmise, but it is quite certain that the marriage of the Princess Mary would be universally approved, and none the less because a high-n.inded English man, who has won a peerage in the service of his country, rather than a homceDpathio Grerman dukelet, was the object of her choice. Returning to the question of the coming session, there is still every reason to expect quiet sittings, though such anticipation? are often fallacious. We are not to have a Reform Bill — that seems certain — nor any considerable retrenchment. But a member of the Government has publicly stated that Mr. Gladstone may have s surplus of three millions to divide among the various claimants. So far as parties are concerned, the chances of the Conserva tives coming into power are not improved. A great part of the Opposition seem to have accepted Lord Palmerston for life, and he, in his turn, regards him self as bound to propose nothing that will violently shock their prejudices. - He is reported to have said that he lives on Mr. Disraeli's follies, and the Saturday Review suggests that if. that right hon. gentleman should feel it his duty, in conjunction with Sir Mobbs Montefiore, to lead the scattered tribes of Israel a forty years' journey through the wilderness back again to Palestine, the Conservatives would have rea son to hope and rejoice. It is doubtful, under present circumstances, even if Lord Palmerston were removed, whether the 'Conservatives would come in. I have lately had some talk with a gentleman of high position in political life, who thus defines the ' situation ' : — The Queen, true to the policy always favored by the late Prince Consort, would prefer a coalition Govern meut — a 'Ministry of all the talents' — a scheme scarcely practicable under existing circumstances, though advocated by the Crown. High Whigs look to Lord Clarendon as the coming man. But E'-.rl Russell, though he consents to serve under Lord Palmerston, will never take office under another younger statesman. Aut Casar, aut nihil, is his maxim. Itis doubtful also whether Mr. Gladstone, who would not object to the Premiership of Lord Russell, would consent that any one bnt himself should lead the Blouse of Commons. Lord Derby, who might perhaps come into power, is not anxious for office. Mr. Disraeli, who burns to reach that elevation, finds the task of reaching it as hopeless as were the labors of Sisyphus. Mr. Cardwell is winning golden opinions as Secretary for the Colonies. It has been his good fortune to proffer to the Australian colonies a boon, which his predecessor would have liked to have con ceded had his colleagues been willing. His despatch to Lord Monck, expressing approval of the proposed North American Confederation, is written with a heartiness of agreement and admiration very rare in official documents. Full justice is done to the ' patient sagacity ' which marked the deliberations of the Quebec Conference, and which enabled them ' to arrive at unanimous conclusions on questions in volving many difficulties, and calculated, under less favourable circumstances, to have given rise to many differences of opinion.' Their decision he says ' must inspire confidence in the men by whose judgment and temper this result has been attained, and will ever remain on record as an evidence of the salutary in fluence exercised by the institutions under which these qualities have been so signally developed.' The Imperial Government, therefore, accept the resolu tions as ' the best framework of a measure to be passed by the Imperial Parliament.' Mr. Cardwell praises that feature of the plan which, while giving large powers of legislation to looal bodies, has kept in view ' the principle of central control. ' ' While expressing on behalf of the Home Government ' general approval' of the resolutions, the Colonial Secretary takes exception to two provisions. He thinks that ' the prerogative of pardon'- should not be vested in the Lientenant-Governors, but reserved for the representative of the Sovereign. He, moreover, wisely doubts if the plan of appointing the members of the Legislative Council for life, and filing their number, be carried out, whether ' there will be any sufficient means of restoring harmony between the Legislative Council and the popular assembly, if it shall ever unfortunately happen that a decided differ ence of opinion shall arise between them.' Mr. Cardwell concludes his despatch by saying — 'Her Majesty's Government anticipate no serious difficulty in this part of the case, since the resolutions will generally be found sufficiently explicit to guide those who will be entrusted with the preparation of the Bill. It appears to them, therefore, that you should now take immediate measures, in concert with the Lieutenant-Governors of the several provinces, for submitting to th9 respective legislatures this project of the conference ; and if, as I hope, you are able to report that these legislatures sanction and adopt the scheme, Her Majesty's Government will render you all the assistance in their power for carrying it into effect. It will probably be found to be the most con venient course that, in concert with Lieatenant Governors, you should select a deputation of the persons best qualified to proceed to this country, that they may may be present during the preparation of the Bill, and to give to Her Majesty's Government the benefit of their counsel upon any questions which may arise during the passage of the measure through tUC LWU JJ.UUDCD UM. J- *»«.**i*i^*w»*v» In addressing his)con stituents at Oxford on the 2nd inst., the Colonial Secretary took occasion to repeat in an informal manner his praise of the confederation scheme, and to express his belief that the proposal would meet with the approval of the entire commu nity. He then referred in the following gratifying language to the general relations of the mother country and her colonies :— ' Gentlemen— It is given to other countries to be great and powerful empires, but it has been given to England alone to be also the mother of great and free communities. In the last century we governed our oolonies viitb. too much regard to our own views, and too little regard to their views and interests. The result was a disastrous and discredit able conflict, and in the end we were compelled to say what we had much better have avowed in the begin ning, ' Wayward children, depart in peace.' There is no subject of the Queen of England who wishes now to depart from the British Constitution. What the policy of coercion could not do, the policy of confi dence has effected. (Hear.) Bat some people «ay, ' Well, but you are now taking the other extreme, and are governing your colonies too much for the benefit of the colonies, and too much at the cost of the mother ? country.' Well, I am ready to admit, and I am' sure the oolonies will assent, that no permaneat and endur ing connexion can be formed upon that bub and that principle. But what the colonists will be ready to assent to, and what we shall be prepared to go along with them to establish, is a connexion founded upon J. the enduring principles of mutual sympathy, of mutual - interest, of mutual advantage ; aud I believe that England may be proud to be the parent of such colo nies, and that the day may come in future when they will be both able and willing to repay the assistance and protection which they have received from ihe mother country, and when England, speaking as i. the parent of those distant commnnitieB, ^;- may say she will be glad to have her quiver full of them, and she will not be ashamed when she speaks with her enemy in the gate.' (Hear, hear.) Such sentiments as these will find an echo in the breasts of Her Majesty's subjects in every part of Australia, and they presage a continuance of those cordial relations with the mother country which have been only momentarily disturbed by the troublesome ' transportation question. In these days of high priced meat, the question of the value of South American dried beef, or ehargui, has suddenly come into notice, and has been much discussed by correspondents of the Times during the past monthj under the tempting heading 'Beef at threepence per pound.' The countries bordering on the River Plate have long been known to contain countless herds of cattle, and have been for a long period the main source of supply of the ox and cow hideB imported into Europe. Attempts have fre quently been made to introduce the beef into Eng- : land, but entirely without snecess, until within the last 15 months, when, through the labours and enter prise of a commission of English and South Ame rican merchants (whose names are given in a pam phlet published by Hedderwick & Son, Glasgow), two or three cargoes of dried beef were imported, and so much approved at the time that the quantities re ceived fell short of the demand by hundreds of tons. That demand, which, at one time languished, ha# again revived. The supply is at present unequal to ?- the wants of our working population. There is now in Cheapside a South American beef merchant, who states that the manufacturing population of the West Siding of Yorkshire realised at once the fact that the beef waa L an economical article, hastened to give it a trial, and, -\\. finding it both palatable and nutritions, tool: it into daily-consumption. The chief obstacles to its wider use among our laborers and operatives are, first, ignorance of its existence, and, secondly, inattention to the proper mode of cooking it. These no doubt, will be soon overcome ; and there seems every reason to believe that in the course of a year or two every working man will be able to obtain meat of the must nutritious description, and to give it to his ^, family, at least once a week. As to the quality W of the article, Henry Letheby, Esq., Professor, of Chemistry in the College of London,. iestifiet that the samples he examined were in excellent T condition and well preserved, rather lean, but very tender and of good flavor, and that * both the brine and meat were found to be quite free from deleterious or objectionable matter. Mr. Bridges Adams also says that one pound of Chili charqtd, is equal in nutriment to three or four pounds of fresh meat from which the water has ~ not beenexpressed. The same writer adds — Australia is an analagous climate to Chili, and, no doubt, first-- : rate charqui could be produced there, and probably : this would be the most profitable mode of -making' it an article of merchandise by lessening ihe' ' freight. But Australia can also produce a first-rate article of beef hermetically sealed in metal cases. Some years since, I was talking with Alderman Finnis on the subject of emigrant transit, and he said he fed those emigrants on fresh preserved meat in cases, which was prepared in Australia, and he realised it in London at 4d. per lb. To satisfy me of its ex cellence he sent me a case containing 81bs., which was of such good quality that I partook of it several days., in succession, preferring it to fresh butcher's meat. - There are, no doubt, many countries in the world : producing cattle in abundance, and by various under stood processes their flesh might be preserved and -. sent to countries deficient in cattle. There seems now - hardly any donbt that jerked beef will become an im portant article of consumption in this country. . Perhaps South Australia may be able to pat in a claim to Bupply it. :: In a recent letter to the Times (Jan. 24) ihe Bombay correspondent, in describing the wealth - which the cotton trade lias lately brought into that city, speaks of the very inadequate supplies of wheat, and the consequent high prices. Bombay cannot get : enough of corn to feed its prosperous citizens. Per- - hapB the subject may be worthy of the attention of ? wheat producers in South Australia, if they have not ' in New Zealand and elsewhere ample markets for their snrpluB produce. _ I see that the Commissioner of Crown Lands for South Australia has addressed a letter to Mr. Walters, ? i , their emigration agent in London, complaining that ' a proper supply of agricultural laborers is not sent out in the emigrant ships to Adelaide, and requiring ' that the proportion of free to nominated emigrants shall in fatnre be not less than one-fifth of the whole.* ' The truth is, I believe, that the tendency to emigra-. ' tion, owing to the extensive exodus of the last year or two, has greatly abated. Labor is becoming scarce in the agricultural districts; wages are some-'' what rising in consequence ; and the farmers, especially ' in the Southern countieB,-are using all their influence to prevent their men, ploughmen, and others, from emigrating. Ignorant boors are naturally ' averse from moving off their own soil, and ' are easily persuaded hj those above them. Then * labourers require to spend at least £5 in the deposit ; money and travelling expenses before they reach the ' port of embarkation. This is a large sum for an agricultural labourer to accumulate. The cream of '; our emigrating population has now been skimmed by * the claims of the United States, Canada, South Aus- ' tralta, Queensland, and Victoria combined, and what remains is not so acceptable. Emigration agents have therefore increasing difficulties in their work. There is a restricted range of choice, and all the machinery employed to tempt people to emigrate to Australia, Bueh as Urge placards and private influence, is found to fail increasingly. I think, therefore, ' your Government cannot expect eo satisfactory a : result of the efforts put forth for obtaining a supply ; of agricultural labourers for South Australia as has ' heretofore been the case. The Christmas pantomimes, burlesques, and extra- ; vaganzas are still running their course at the various ? theatres, and were never better attended. They have even takes possession of the two opera houses. At' Co vent Garden there is 'Cinderella;' at Her1 Majesty's, 'The Lion and the Unicorn;' Drury' Lane has ' Hop o' My Thumb ;' the Haymarket, ' ' Princess Springtime ;' the Princess's, *» The Magic ' Horse and the Ice Maiden Princess;' and so ori; Upon some of the scenes at these theatres all tbe ' resources which inventive genius and ' art and science can command have been lavished. Messrs. Grieve and Telbin have matched .with then* scenic effects .' the pantomimes written by the facile pens of Mr.'; -^. Henry Byron and Mr. E. L. Blanchard. Last year ' the ghost illusion was the great card. Now one- : legged dancers and clowns seem to be the rage — ' With one-legged dancers one would draw the town ; Tbe other tries, too, with a one-legged clown.' Donato, who performs his prodigies of agility at Covent Garden, and has danced himself iiito a state of illness, has been for the past month a greater lion than Sothern, who is once more impersonating; 'Garrick,' TTeehter, who is performing in ,aBny: . Bias,' or Miss Bateman, who is making her laBt appearances in ' Leah.' If Her : Majesty's has no one-legged phenomenon, it' can boast- of the ' Eidos Acides,' by which actors and actresses without moving from the stage are ren- ? dered visible and invisible almost in the same moment. One account says of this remarkable scenic novelty :~ ' Watched by the eye alone, the effect is of the most' startling character. Upon the self-same spot where one character has been plainly visible bat the twink ling of an eye previously, another in a totally different attitude is revealed. This in torn disappears, -and - the original figure returns with the addition of one or two others: Then these all die ont together, perhaps to reappear in different order. As an illusion' it is certainly the most clever and successful of the day, for if the figures be not actually those of life 'in every case, they are revealed with; as much sharpness and fidelity of coloiing as if the originals were presented to the view.'*-. Even Astley's has its Christmas pantomime this year, which, with all its absurdities, is infinitely better than the demoralising spectacle of Miss Menken as' Mazeppa, suspended for the present, though I fear — ? as it draws immense audiences — not relinquished. Notwithstanding the attractions of pantomime and burlesque, of gorgeous scenery, smart dialogue, pro fuse jests, and more abundant puns, which the theatres provide at this season, other places of amuse ment have enjoyed a full share of patronage. Pro-; fessor Anderson has concluded a most successful season with his magical phenomena at St. James's, Hall, and has been engaged at the Crystal Palace ; but the Davenport Brothers, who are said to be k-not impostors, and whom the Professor has eo often challenged in vain, have packed up their cabinet — which no longer draws the credulous — and gone into the provinces. Whether they are subsequently going to Australia does not appear. An attraction of a different kind still keeps the metropolis in excitement. I refer to Mr. Spurgeon, whose Metropolitan Tabernacle will hold a larger audience than the largest theatre, and is every Sunday crowded to the doors. It will hold 5,600 people seated, and 6,500 when crammed. Mr. Spurgeou's Church now comprises nearly 3,000 members. Ot these 47 have become Christian ministers, 7 city1 missionaries, and 3 Bible women; he has it deaconf and 23 elders, the duty of the latter being to attend to spiritual affairs exclusively. Connected with. tbS Church is a fas.tor's College, ia which some w 