ORARA, A TALE. BY HENRY KENDALL. ORARA! child of ever-thundering hills, Born in the noise of solitary seas! I still remember how you break and bound, Impetuous inland many a lonely league;-- How, setting onward with a brightening face Amongst blackfolded depths and gulfs, you grow The royal Beauty of a rebel Waste! White--shining in the immemorial winds. A troop of horsemen out for mulga-scrubs, In search of watered land and pastures new, We reached these bottoms, travelling through the dawn; And, dropping on a slanting spur, we kept And ran it, downward, to the gleaming glade. For now the sunlight, starting from the wave, To West and North drove dripping shadows off; And, rolling back the tardy morning-mist, Revealed through rift abrupt the peaks supine Of steep Nimboyda—triple Yugilbar, Small, distant, keen, against celestial air. Here, as we skirted past the steaming flats In quest of drink, we crossed a flock of sheep In cloudy camp behuddled, and, beneath A clump of crooked-shafted apple-trees, We found the Shepherd: one, who took the track That left us at the pleasant river side. Our guide was shy of speech, and soon away; But on his face we saw a fluent sign Of what he was, and what he once had been,— Of swift declensions to an alien state, And ruined health; yet ever, like a soft Sweet-coloured evening, loitering slowly—sad, There came and lingered in his eyes, for us, The shining patience of perpetual pain. And now, because it was a thorny tale We coupled with the many tokens there, [And being young, and in the happy time When all things novel wear a fine romance,] We rode athwart the run, and found the hut, And gleaned the story of a hapless life. Yea, thinking over what we heard that day, And every echo of thereafter date, I since have often felt of him, who saith Of lies, the lie which is but half a lie Shapes harder battles than the lie complete, How he who saith so—stamps a flinty truth. Five rears before our sojourn by the beat Of lonely waters which the Shepherd showed, He came to Sydney in a convict-ship, A broken shadow with a face of shame, Hard-followed by a true brave-hearted wife, Who, though she could not shield him from his foes, Had yet the strength to shield him from himself. For in the records of his history Were hopeless passages, [as strange as those You meet with, reading through the wildest books,] Of gentle birth, and boyhood, smooth as snow; Of trips and tumbles in a fiery youth; Of how he turned again, but took to wife A sweet- faced girl against her people's will; And how it happened that they hunted him From place to place with steadfast bitterness, And shut the woman from her father's house! How one [a brother], who would work his way To narrow ends and petty purposes By any method, twisting like a worm, Marked out a weakness, which he magnified And made the handle to a fearful charge That brought his sister's husband to the bar, And banished him beyond the bitter seas. And had the Shepherd sinned? Ah! do not ask, My gentle reader, but across your doubts Throw shining reasons on the happier side: Or, if you cannot choose but doubt the best, Forget; and think of how he suffered thence; And pray you, that you never know the shame Which breaks a man, and leaves him, like a wreck, With faithless echoes harried evermore. His hut was built of bark, and shrunken slabs That wore the marks of many rains, and showed Dry flaws, wherein had crept and nestled rot. Moreover, round the bases of the bark Were left the tracks of flying forest-fires, As you may see them on the lower bole Of every elder of the native woods. For, ere the early settlers came and stocked These wilds with sheep and kine, the grasses grew So that they took the passing pilgrim in, And whelmed him, like a running sea, from sight. And, therefore, through the fiercer summer-months, While all the swamps were rotten—while the flats Were baked and broken; when the clayey rifts Yawned wide, half-choked with drifted herbage past; Spontaneous flames would burst from thence, and race Across the prairies all day long. At night The winds were up, and then, with fourfold speed, A harsh gigantic growth of smoke and fire Would roar along the bottoms, in the wake Of fainting flocks of parrots, wallaroos, And 'wildered wild things, scattering right and left, For safety vague, throughout the general gloom. Anon the nearer hillside-growing trees Would take the surges: thus from bough to bough Was borne the flaming terror! Bole and spire, Bank after rank, now, pillared, ringed, and rolled, In blinding blaze, stood out against the dead Down-smothered dark for fifty leagues away! For fifty leagues! and when the winds were strong, For fifty more! but in the olden time These fires were counted as the harbingers Of life-essential storms; since out of smoke And heat, there came, across the midnight ways, Abundant comfort with up-gathered clouds, And runnels babbling of a plenteous fall. So comes the Southern gale at evenfall [The swift "Brickfielder" of the local folk] About the streets of Sydney, when the dust Lies burnt on glaring windows, and the men Look forth from doors of drouth, and drink the change, With thirsty haste, and that most thankful cry Of "here it is—the cool, bright, blessed rain!" The hut, I say, was built of bark and slabs, And stood, the centre of a clearing, hemmed By hurdle-yards; and ancients of the blacks Who moped about their lazy fires and sang Wild ditties of the old days, with a sound Of sorrow, like an everlasting wind, All day: and through the watches of the gloom! From thence a cattle-track, with link to link, Ran off against the fishpools to the gap Which sets you face to face with gleaming miles Of broad Orara, winding in amongst Black barren ridges, where the nether spurs Are fenced about by cotton-scrub and grass Blue-bitten with the salts of many droughts. 'Twas here the Shepherd housed him every night, And faced the prospect, like a patient soul; Borne up by some vague hope of better days, And God's fine blessing in the faithful wife; Until the humour of his malady Took cunning changes from the good to bad, And laid him, lastly, on a bed of Death. Two months thereafter, when the summer-heat Had roused the serpent from his rotten lair, And made a noise of locusts in the boughs, It came to this, that as the blood- red Sun Of one fierce day of many, slanted down Obliquely past the nether jags of peaks And gulfs of mist, the tardy Night came vexed By belted clouds and scuds that wheeled and whirled, To left and right about the brazen clefts Of ridges rigid with a leaden gloom. Then took the cattle to the forest-camps With vacant terror, and the hustled sheep Stood dumb against the hurdles, even like A fallen patch of shadowed mountain snow. And ever through the curlew's call afar The storm grew on, while, round the stinted slabs, Sharp snaps and hisses came, and went and came: The huddled tokens of a mighty blast Which ran with an exceeding bitter cry Across the tumbled fragments of the hills, And through the sluices of the gorge and glen. So therefore all about the Shepherd's hut That space was mute, save when the fastened dog, Without a kennel, caught a passing glimpse Of firelight moving through the lighted chinks; For then he knew the hints of warmth within, And stood, and set his great pathetic eyes, In wind and wet, imploring to be loosed. Not often now the watcher left the couch Of him she watched, since in his fitful sleep, His lips would stir to wayward themes, and close With bodeful catches. Once she moved away, Half-deafened by terrific claps, and stoopt And looked without; to see a pillar dim Of gathered gusts and fiery rain. Anon The sick man woke, and, startled bv the noise, Stared round the room with dull delirious sight At this wild thing and that; for through his eyes, The place took fearful shapes, and Fever showed Strange crosswise lights about his pillow-head. He, catching there at some phantasmic help, Sat upright on the bolster with a cry Of "where and who is Jesus?" and again, "Say who is Jesus?—it is bitter cold!" And then, because the thunder-calls outside Were mixed for him with slanders of the Past, He called his weeping wife by name, and said, "Come closer, darling! we shall speed away Across the seas and seek some mountain-home Shut in from liars and the wicked words That track us day and night, and night and day." So waned the sad refrain. And those poor lips, Whose latest phrases were for peace, grew mute, And into everlasting silence passed. As fares a swimmer, who hath lost his breath In wildering seas, afar from any help— Who, fronting Death, can never realise The dreadful Presence, but is prone to clutch At every weed upon the weltering wave, So fared the watcher, poring o'er the last Of him she loved, with dazed and stupid stare; Half-conscious of the sudden loss and lack Of all that bound her life, but yet without The power to take her mighty sorrow in. Then came a patch or two of starry sky And through a reef of cloven thunder-cloud The soft Moon looked: a patient face beyond The fierce impatient shadows of the slopes And the harsh voices of the broken hills. A patient face, and one which came and wrought A lovely silence, like a silver mist Across the rainy relics of the storm. For in the breaks and pauses of her light The gale died out in gusts; yet evermore, About the rooftree—on the dripping eaves, The damp wind loitered; and a fitful drift Sloped through the silent curtains and athwart / The dead. There, when the Glare had dropped behind A mighty ridge of gloom, the woman turned And sat in darkness face to face with God; And said--"I know," she said, "that Thou art wise: That when we build and hope, and hope and build, And see our best things fall, it comes to pass For evermore, that we must turn to Thee! And therefore now, because I cannot find The faintest token of Divinity— In this, my latest sorrow, let Thy light Inform mine eyes, so I may learn to look On something past the sight which shuts, and blinds, And seems to drive me wholly, Lord, from Thee. Now waned the Moon beyond complaining depths; And, as the Dawn looked forth from ashpale woods, [Whereon had dropt a hint of red and gold] There went about the crooked cavern-caves Low flute-like echoes with a noise of wings And waters flying down far-hidden fells. Then might be seen the solitary Owl Perched in the clefts; scared at the coming light; And staring outward [like a sea-shelled thing Chased to its cover by some bright fierce foe,] As at a monster in the middle waste! At last the great Kingfisher came and called Across the hollows loud with early whips, And lighted, laughing, on the shepherd's hut, And roused the widow from a swoon- like death. This day, and after it was noised abroad By blacks, and straggling horsemen on the roads, That he was dead who "had been sick so long," There flocked a troop from far surrounding runs To see their neighbour, and to bury him. And men who had forgotten how to cry [Rough flinty fellows, of the native bush] Now learned the bitter way; beholding there The wasted shadow of a noble frame Brought down so low by years of fearful pain; Aad marking, too, the woman's gentle face, And all the pathos in her moaned reply Of "masters, we had lived in better days." One stooped—a stockman from the nearer hills— To loose his wallet-strings, from whence he took A bag of tea, and laid it on her lap: Then, sobbing "God will help you, missus yet," He sought his horse, with most bewildered eyes, And, spurring swiftly, galloped down the glen. Where black Orara nightly chafes his brink, Midway between lamenting lines of oak And Warra's gap, the Shepherd's grave is built. And there the wild-dog pauses, in the midst Of moonless watches; howling through the gloom At hopeless shadows flitting to and fro; What time the East Wind hums his darkest hymn And rains beat heavy on the ruined leaf. There, while the Autumn in the cedar trees Sat cooped about by cloudy evergreens, The widow sojourned, on the silent road, And mutely faced the barren mound, and plucked A straggling shrub from thence; and passed away, Heart-broken, on to Sydney; where she took Her passage in an English vessel bound To London; for the home of other years. So came the ghost [whose story settlers told About the campfires, in the primal days] To haunt the waste, which hid his ancient wrong, And sit and shudder by the moody pool That cloaked a murder from the glaring moons. Ten years from this, and when she kept a school Of modest growth outside a Sussex town, There went abroad a tale of many sides, Of how her brother's health had failed—of how The sickness grew; and how he died at last, With self-reproach forever on his lips!— Whose wealth, so Rumour said, had been his bane Because it came to him by evil means. But she, unknowing of these vague reports, Received one day a letter bound in black, And tore the seal apart; and paused within; Then, smothered by some strange delirious rush Of darkness to the throat and eyes and brain, Dropped fainting into silence and the night. "Dear sister," so the letter ran, in lines Half-blotted by a weak and straggling hand, "If I can only see to write and say Just how I've broken down these past five years, With my great sin, and his reproachful eyes, And that unuttered thought, which never sleeps, Of what you are and what you might have been; Then write I must; and you must read, my love, Else I shall go outside this life and wear The hopeless monotone upon my tips Of "late" and "late—it is too late!" For ever and for ever." Here were closed The last words written. Is there any tongue To translate heart-beats? Can you even guess The half of what she felt while reading on, And thinking of a dear dead distant face, And other lands, and other themes, and other times? Both dead! One near, with sorrow on his grave And roses quickened into beauty—wrapt In all the pathos of perennial bloom: The other, down beneath the fretful clay Of lands within the lone perpetual cry Of hermit plovers, and the nightly oaks A-moaning for the rest which never comes. Both dead! And still she sits and waits behind, Amongst the shadows; but her faith is sure, And one fine promise of the coming days Is breaking, like a blessed morning, far On hills "that slope through darkness up to God." Note: The Orara rises in the sea coast ranges and eventually joins the Clarence after an inland course of about 100 miles. This will explain the commencing lines of the text. 