A PnOR CONTmACTOR'S STArTU.-A cele brated pork contractor for the Federal army presented himself a short time back at a sculptor's atelier in Rome, and stated his intention of sending a durable memento of himself to adorn his native place in America. With an amiable candour he explained to the artist that he had begun life as a poor boy selling matches, and by lucky specula tions had attained his present gigantic greatness. "Now," he continued, "I've seen a muniment in this city as suits my views to a nicity. A kinder column with little figures runnin' up all round it, and a chap at the top.". "Trajan's Column," sug gests the artist. "' P'raps it may be; an' I wish you to sculp me jes sich another, a workin' out the whole o' my biograff, beginning at the bottom with a boy a-sellin' matches, and then keep on winding it up till it ends with me in an easy attitood at the top ! "-Paris letter of the Daily Tele graph. A correspondent to a London contemporary announces the following literary discoveries, which, we think, our readers will agree with us are curious if true :-" Bibliophiles [in Paris] rejoice in the fact that in knocking down a modern villa erected on the site of an antique Roman dwelling, some precious * The Cleveland Plain Dealer, a well-known Ohio newspaper, to which Mr. Artemus Ward wishes us to understand he contributed. t The common fire-wood of the United States, split up in lengths of four feet, and arranged in stackls (for purchase or sale) eight foot long, four high, and four broad. With the vulgar crowd thid 7 opd-ph?pping is the de rer rePsort for a livolihood. fragments have been discovered which fill up certain passages wanting in the Annals of Tacitus. Furthormore, a foew unpublished pages of the Republic of Cicero have been found in the library of the old convent of Fucino; as also fragments of the lost books of Titus Livy's History. Canon Bifli is the fortunate student who has stumbled upon these valuable relics of the past, and he has promised to publish them as soon as possible for the edification of the learned. Strange to say, a somedwhat similar discovery has been made in Mexico. It appears that a nuncio of former days left at his death the whole of Pambeo Litta's work, with valuable auto graph notes. The work has been purchased by a French military surgeon." Ma. Kosm, TrE WATER-vINDER.-A cor respondent of the Graaff-Iteinet Herald writes :-" The Cape farmers are still at work opening up the fountains pointed out by Mr. Khol. The nearly uniform success that has followed his indications has greatly puzzled the savans of our small community, and they have read the interesting articles on water- finding in some of your late issues with much interest. It had long been noted that Mr. Kohl was wont, when about to point out the exact spot beneath which lay the vein of water, to proceed some paces in advance of those around him, strictly for bidding anyone to follow, and to consult something which he had in his hand. In reply, too, to questions respecting the art or mystery of water-finding, he is reported to have said that in certain parts of Europe it is a business of itself, having its rules and laws; and to be acquired like other callings by ordinary industry and intelligence. Put ting these things together, and bearing in mind your remarks respecting the electric state of running water, one cannot but come to the conclusion that Mr. Kohl has acquired a practical acquaintance with the direction usually taken by underground streams, and the places where they are likely to be met with; that he is, perhaps, one of. those happy individuals so surcharged with electricity as to be aware of the neighbour hood of water by his own sensations, and that in order to confirm his suspicions, he makes use of some scientific apparatus- an electroscope or electrometer, perhaps, small pocketable instruments-whose use is suffi ciently indicated by their names." A "FEacUr DooTOR.-A STRANGE STORY. -An incident is just now being discussed in military circles so extraordinary, that were not its truth capable of being vouched for by official authority, the narration would certainly be deemed absolutely incredible. Our officers quartered at the Cape between fifteen and twenty years ago may remember a certain Dr. Barry, attached to the medical staff there, and enjoying a reputation for considerable skill in his profession, especially for firmness, decision, and rapidity in diffi cult operations. This gentleman had en tered the army in 1813, had passed, of course, through the grades of assistant surgeon and surgeon in various regiments, and had served as such in various quarters of the globe. His professional acquirements had procured for him his promotion to the staff at the Cape. He was clever and agree able, save for the drawback of a most quarrelsome temper, andinordinateaddiction to argument. He was excessively plain and of feeble proportions, and laboured under the imperfection of a ludicrously equeaking voice. Any natural chaffing with regard to these, however, especially roused his ire, but was at length discontinued on his call ing out a persevering offender, and shoot ing him through the lungs. About 1840 he became promoted to be medical inspector, and was transferred to Malta. There he was equally distinguished by his skill and by his pugnacious propensities, the latter becoming so inconveniently developed upon the slightest difference of opinion with him that at last no notice was allowed to be taken of his fits of temper. He proceeded from Malta to Corfu, where he was quar tered for many years, still conspicuous for the same peculiarities. When our govern ment ceded the Ionian Islands to Greece, and our troops, of course, quitted the terri tory; Dr. Barry elected to leave the army and take up his residence for the rest of his daysd at Corfu. He there died about a month ago, and upon his death was dis covered to be a woman! Very probably the discovery was elicited during the natural preparations for interment; but there seems to be an idea prevalent that either verbally, during the last illness, or by some writing perused immediately after his (for we must still use the masculine) death, he had begged to be buried without a post mortem examination of any sort. This, most likely, only aroused the curiosity of the two nurses who attended him, for it was to them, it appears, that the disclosure of this mystery was owing. Under the circumstances the fact was deemed so important that medical testimony was called in to report upon and record its truth. By this investigation not only was the assertion placed beyond a doubt, but it~was equally beyond a doubt brought an 1. I+rlrC rn +h~ n tesellrtl;nI nlr nrthinn hnrl TO ngns unar uno inuiviQuau in quesuuo s uu at sonie time or another been a mother. This is all that is as yet known of the ex traordinary story. The motives that occa sioned,\and the time when commenced, this singular deception, are both shrouded in mystery. ORiuoso.-ELEVEN wrrT ONE LEG ONLY v. Er-VEN WITr ONE An'.-This annual match, played by the Greenwich pensioners, was commenced on August 30 on the Surrey Ground, the Oval, Kennington. There were close on three thousand visitors on the ground. The children of the Licensed Victuallers' School, with their drum and fife band, and the band of the L division of police, also attended, and what with music all the afternoon, the fun of tho one limb cricket, kiss-in-the-ring by the lids and lasses, &c.;, it was quite a gala day on the Oval, the manifest enjoy ment of the visitors being materially enhancedhby the fineness of the weather. As to the cricket, it was funny, to be sure, but hardly so jolly as last year. The One Leg men first handled the timber, and one of them (Brownhill) scorcod 24, making a brace of 4's. Another scored 25, his lot was made up by two 2's, and the rest singles. Their total was 123, against which number the One Aim men commenced their innings With their crack players, named respectively Holden and Thorn. The latter was unlucky, but Holden played cricket; lie hit to leg like a Briton, and scored 43 by three 4's, four 3's, six 2's, &c.; a good innings this for a man with one arm only.' It was late ýhen the stumps were drawn for the day. Nearly three thousand visitors ass=mbled on the following day to witness the conclusion of the match. The children of the Licensed Victuallers' School, their boys' band, and the band of the L division of police, were again in attendance, and the afternoon's fun appeared to be thoroughly enjoyed by those present. The cricket cracks of each eleven again ran a close race in their scoring. On the previous day Brownhill was beaten by Holden, who hold an advantage of 19 runs; but on the second day Holden did not hold his advan tage, as Brownhill not only headed Holden on the day's hitting by 25 runs, but he brought off his mates of the One Leg victorious in the match by 21 runs. Holden hit well, scoring 38, and made the only hit for 5 in the match, a 4, two 3's, seven 2's, &c.; but Brownhill made 63, which was decidedly the cream of the hitting; he hit five 4's, three 3's, twelve 2's, &e.; When he left the score of his side was at 76, of which number he had scored 63. The jolly tar was loudly cheered on his retirement, and a collection of upwards of £2 was made and presented to him as a reward for his hard hit and rapidly hopped score. The after noon was rife with cricket fun, and the match very accommodatingly lasted until just prior to dusk, a clever " c and b " by one of the men at a quarter to seven bringing the match to an end-a victory for the One Leg heroes by 21 runs. Score :-The Eleven with OneLeg-Firstinnings, 123; second innings, 100\. The Eleven with One Arm-First innings, 109; second innings, 93. FRENo? OPINmoI or CnRIcuT.-The Gallic mind is really most obtuse as regards our greatnationalpastime, cricket. They can see no delight at being bowled over at twenty-two yards, or at getting in the way of the leather at a much longer range. The report of the Greenwich pensioner match was read in France with astonishment, not unmingled with feelings of compassion for the maimed veterans who took the field. Surprise reached its climax when it was seen that on the One Arm having terminated their innings, the stumps (moignons) were drawn. The error on the part of the translators led to the belief that the drawing of the stumps was a punishment inflicted on the One Arm for having lost the match.-Army and Navy Gazette. Another duel among Wurzburg students has had a fatal termination. A candidate of medicine, who had just passed his final examination, was shot dead by a young jurist. EXTRAOnmINrAR FEAT AT SEA.-A re markable exploit, exhibiting daring and pre sence of mind of no ordinary character, was performed recently on board the ship Min danao, homeward bound from Iquique to this port. It appears that when the ship was to the south and eastward of Cape Horn she sprang a leak, and made to the extent of six inches, of water in an hour. The vessel was placed in considerable dan ger, and it was only by constant pumping that the leak could be kept down. After the pumping had continued for about six weeks, the vessel being then about two degrees north of the equator, it was con sidered desirable to ascertain if possible the position of the leak. With this object, Mr. William Howitt, the chief officer, volun teered to go overboard and examine the vessel. Having dived into the sea, he looked along the hull of the ship, and ultimately found that a water-bolt on the starboard side of the upper rudder band had worked out, and this caused the leak. On reachinig the surface, the diver directed the carpenter to make a stout wooden plug, and having obtained it, he .again descended. Having inserted the plug in the bolt hole, whence the leak originated, he succeeded in striking it with his hand, to fix it temporarily, and was obliged to come up immediately for res piration. A third time he descended, taking with him a hammer, with which he struck the plug, fixing it as firmly as circumstances would permit. That his efforts were suc cessful was proved by the fact that the leak age of the ship ceased, and she made no more than the usual quantity of water, three- quarters of an inch, during the re mainder of the voyage. The plug still remains in the ship. The depth that he reached in diving under the vessel was about six or seven feet, the difficulty of the opera tion being increased by the rising and falling of the ship consequent on the swell which prevailed at the time. Mr. Howitt is, as may be supposed, an excellent swimmer, and has been instrumental in saving the lives of several persons from drowning.-Liverpool Mercury. UrPArrY MARRIAGES AMoNGe ?N OF G(IC ns.- Th rare nnnurrence of ernins with domestic comfort is perfectly awful. Take Dante, the exile who left his wife, never wishing to see her more; take Tasso, wifeless; Petrarch, wifeless; Ariosto, wife less; Milton, thrice married, but only once with much comfort; Dryden, wedded, like Addison, to a title and discord; Young lives alone till past fifty; Swift's marriage is no marriage; Sterne's, Churchill's, Byron's, Coleridge's marriages broken and unhappy. Then we have a set of celibates- Herrick, Cowley, Pope, Thomson, Prior, Gay, Shen stone, Gray, Akenside, Goldsmith,. Collins, and I know not how many more of our best poets. Joshnson, had a wife, loved, and soon lost her. It is almost enough to make women tremble at the idea of allying themselves with genius, or giving birth to it. Take the philosophers-Bacon, like his famous legal adversary Coke, seems to have enjoyed little domestic comfort, and speaks, for as he says, "Lcertain grave reasons," disapprovingly of his partner. Our metaphysicians-Hobbes, Locke, Bentham, Butler-are as solitary as Spinosa and Kant. The celibate philoso pher Hume conducts us to the other great bachelor historians, Gibbon and Macaulay; as Bishop Butler does to some of the princes of English divinity-Hooker cajoled into marrying a shrew, Chillingworth unmarried, Hammond unmmarried, Leighton unmar ried, Barrow also single. I only take fore most men; the list might be swelled with monarchs and generals in marriage. Why has this been? The reasons are many. Some of those enumerated above have owed their very greatness to that constitution of mind which allows little play to the affections or passions, finding all their hap piness in one absorbing pursuit, and living their only true life in speculation. Others, full of a supreme ideal, are quick of disgust at the actual, and so never make a settle ment, or start from it as soon as made. Others have been in a hurry to decorate from the wardrobe of their own fancy partners whom such robing would by no means fit, and who, so far from sympathising with them, have not proved capable of being, in the slightest degree, even recipients of their intelligence. Others still have formed early and passionate attachments which have stood in the way of a final settlement, and so have broken terms with society, raging and smarting under the lash with which it trios to whip into some legitimate path the children of nonconformity.-Lacon in Coun cil. PARISrAN SPORTING COSTUME, &c.--; Ras any of your readers had the supreme hap piness of contemplating a genuine Parisian arrayed for the chase ? Verily, Solomon in all his glory was not like one of these. I peer in at the great Schneider's window and examine that splendid model of a "gentle man chasseur" he sometimes exhibits. The coat is of velvet, the facings of silk, frogged and braided, and full, literally full, of pockets of every size. The upper part of the vest is open to exhibit nc? cohemiseo do fantaisio, the neck rendered degagd by the flowing ends of a rainbow-coloured tie. The breeches are of the baggy Zouave shape, with little jet tags or buttons running down the sides-admirable, I should think, for pushing through a good stiff covert. These are met by leggings of a light buff, orna mented after the fashion of those' of an Albanian. The boots I did not see, but imagination will readily paint them as made of the best doeskin, with tips of patent leather. The cap was basin-shaped, of black velvet, with a long peak, and ornamented with a red tassel and a cock's feather. The shoulder was crossed by a tartan plaid; while by the side of this Nimrod was sus pended a bag something in size and appear ance like a ship's hammock. Behind hIm, in a leather case, was his gun, and ready to his hand was the broad-bladed hunting knife so necessary when a hare is brought to bay, or in digging out of his subterranean retirement a wounded rabbit. This is the superb foreign sportsman our own Leech so loved to skotch-a mixture of Rob Roy, William Tell, Romeo, and Dugald Dalgotty. You can see his model in almost any of the emporiums on the Boulevards; but your correspondent has had the infinite happiness .of seeing him in the field, a sight to make a young man old with envy, and each indi vidual " hare " to stand on end with astonish ment.-Correspondent of the Telegraph. The greatest wonder of the day in London is a baby actress, aged two years and ten days, who can recite and act a whole scene Xrom nairespeare's play ox01 ?ng Jolin. AnTEriUS WARD IN BOSTON.-I returned on the hoss cars, part way. A pooty girl in spectacles sat near me, and was telling a young man how much he reminded her of a man she used to know in Waltham. Pooty soon the young man got out; and smilin' in a seductiv' manner, I said to the girl in spectacles, "Don't I remind you of some body you used to know?" "Yes," she said, "you do remind me of one man, but he was sent to the penitentiary for stealing a baril of mackril-he died there, so I con cluded you ain't him." I did not pursoo the conversation. How TO GET ERm OF MOSQUITOS.-Mos quitos love beef-blood better than they do any that flows in the veins of human kind. 'Just put a couple of generous pieces of beef on plates near your bed at night, and you will sleep untroubled by these pests. In the morning you will find them full and stupid with beef-blood, and the meat sucked as dry as a cork.-Maine Farmer. HosnMorATmo Pannoip?Es APPLrnD TO OCirm.-The following story is going the rounds of the American papers:-Last sum mer a bank clerk in New York stole 100,000 dollars. He lost the money by fighting the tiger. He then called upon a lawyer and instructed him that he was a ruined man, and thought of suicide. This led to the fol lowing dialogue -:" How much does your defalcations amount to?" "100,000 dol lars."-"Got any of it left?" "Not a cent."-" That's bad; you have left nothing to work with." "What must be done ?" "You must return to your desk and abstract another 100,000 dollars." "What must I do that for ?"-To preserve your character and save you from going to the state prison. With the 100,000 dollars you are to steal to morrow I intend to compromise with the *bank. Your stealings after to-morrow will amount to 200,000 dollars. I will call at the bank and confess your offence; I will represent myself as your heart-broken uncle, honest, but poor; I will offer the bank 50,000 dollars to hush up the matter. The bank will accept. This will leave 50,000 dollars to divide between you and me-that is 25,000 dollars a-piece. With this sum you can retire from business." The young man listened and took on wisdom. He doubled his defalcations, and compro mised as the lawyer said he should. He is now worth 250,000 dollars, and is counted one the most respectable gentlemen in the city of Now York. rIINGa A PONY TO DEATH. - Richard Fiddian, of Cradley-heath, Worcester, had a pony of whose performances he was very proud. To increase the glory of his posses sion, and to gain £10, he made a wager that he would drive his pet ninety miles within twelve hours; The pony was to trot from Halesowen to Worcester and back, twice. The willing little creature performed the journey once, and even got back to Worces ter the second time; but there it was so much exhausted that Mr. Fiddian was cautioned against driving it any further. Heroically he persisted. At the end of an hour and a quarter five miles more were ac complished, and then the pony fell dead. Richard Fiddian was taken before the magistrates, who condemned him to a fine of £4 15s. 6d., costs included. A MIDNIGHT STEA-nmIE. - William Steevens, a cleaner of engines on the Bristol and Exeter Railway, was brought before the Taunton police-court for involving the mail train in a perilous situation. His duty was to clean an engine called the Busy Bee every evening after the work of the day, and at half-past three on the following morning to light the fire, so that steam could be got up by six o'clock and the labours of another day commenced. On no account was he to meddle with the machinery or attempt to move the train, the driver laying on the fire and filling the boiler with a sufficient quan tity of water. The cleaner, however, took a singular freak into his head, and determined to have a midnight ride if possible. Ac cordingly about midnight he lighted the fire of the engine, got up the steam, and started the engine, he beifig the only passenger. Up and down the line he tore for two mortal hours, and not exactly knowing how to com press the steam it blew off in all directions, shrieking fearfully, and alarming the in habitants living near the line of railway. Tho watchman on one of the bridges was sorely affrighted at seeing an engine tearing madly along, backwards and forwards, with a solitary white face upon it, and he came to the conclusion, in the darkness of the night, that either a ghost, or the evil one himself had obtained the mastery over it. In one of his excursions Stoevons was about to enter the main line of the Bristol and Exeter Railway, but he fortunately heoard the noise of the approach of a night mail from London. A. minute or two later and the consequences would have been fearful to contemplate. At length, tired of his ride, he took the Busy Boo back to the station, and lay down by the side of it to await the arrival of the driver. At half-past four the driver reached the scene; but when about one hundred yards from it the engine blew up with a fearful explosion, the cleaner having neglected to put more water into the boiler. The most remarkable part of the story remains to be told. The cleaner, though close to the engine, was uninjured, owing to lying down. He certainly was frightened, the driver asserting that when he came up to him his hair stood on end "like quills upon the fretful porcupine." For this freak he was sentenced to a month's imprisonment with hard labour. 