ARRIVAL OF THE NORTHAM . WITH THE . JUNE MAILS ? ?* The R.M.S. Nortbam, with tho Juno mails, ar rived in Hobson's Bay at a quarter after ono o'clock on Saturday afternoon. We give below our usual summary of the principal items of tho month's intelligence. ENGLAND. The Australian April mails had not arrived when the Juno mail left. Intelligence had been received that the Bombay, with a broken shaft, had arrived at Mauritius on the 22ud of May, and the following telegram, dated Suez, 24th June, was received in London on the 2Cth : — ' The. Norna, from Mau ritius, arrived here at eight a.m. to-day. At Aden she received the Australian mails and passengers Irom the Bombay. Tho latter vessel reached Aden from Mauritius on the 7th inst,, and sailed from Bombay tho same day to repair1 machinery. Her specie for India was transhipped to the Simla, loaving Aden for Gallo, &c;, on tho 10th inst.' The approaching dissolution and the general elections which would follow were engrossing publio attention in England. According to tho Times it was expected that the necessary business of the country would be finished in time to allow of the session beins brought to a close by the 10th of Jnly. An English contemporary says : — ' The Conservatives mean to make a desperate effort to gain a majority in the next Parliament. Every city, borough and county, wherover Conservatism has the ghost of a chance, is to be contested. The timo is come, they fool, when they must win the prize of office or give up all hope of it for yoars to come, and no labor nor money will be spared to gain their object. Bnt it is confidently asserted by tho Go vernment election agents that the next Parliament will be very much like this, and if any change take place it will bo in favor of the Government. It is not improbable, however, that Conservatism will gain somewhat. The Conservative agents nro more aotive than those of the Government, and more ex perienced. Moreover, it is observable that in few cases do Conservatives fight Conservatives ; whereas, for three Liberal candidates to try for two seats is a very common occurrence. But compact as the Con servatives seem to be, they are not really so. An Opposition has but one object — to defeat the Go vernment — and always seems to ho united, and is united, to gain that object ; but, that object gained, it not unfrcquently happens thut the party becomes disorganised.' Tho Post observes : — 'A paragraph has recently appeared in a contemporary announcing Lord Pal merston's approaching retirement from public life. This statement, which iu some quarters may have found credence, is totally devoid of foundation, and we trust that the day is far distant when such- an announcement will be necessary.' Her Majesty, accompanied by tho younger mem bers of .the royal family, arrived at Windsor Castle on 16th June from Balmoral. All the members of the royal party appeared to have benefited by thoir northern oxcursion. By command of the Queen a levee wag held on 7th June, at St. James's Palaco, by the Prince of Wales, on behalf of her Majesty. Her Majesty held her sixth Court for the season at Buckingham Palace, on 17th June, which was of more than usual brillianoy. Her Mnjesty, who looked in excellent health, received tho company, which consisted of the foreign ambassadors and the elite of the nobility and baronetage. 20th June was the 28th anniversary of hor Majesty's accession to the throne, and there were the usual loyal demon strations, both at Windsor and in London. A recent Gazette contains an official letter from Earl Russoll, formally withdrawing belligerent rights from tho ships of ' the so-called Confederate States.' Any such vessels that may now be in British ports are forthwith to depart, and, for the last time, United States vessels that may be watching them will be prohibitod from doing so boforo tho lapse of twenty-four hours. If the commanders of Con federate vessels wish to divest them of thoir warlike, character they may do so, but at their own risk. A return bus been furnished to Parliament by the Marquis of Hartington, showing that tho expenses incurrod on ull classes of Armstrong guns, thoir fittings, projectiles, &e.;, including the 100-pouudor smooth bore guns, since tho dato of the return fur nished to Mr MoiiseU'8 committee in May, 1863, amounted to £285,418 0d 8d. Tho changes and alterations in the same period have cost £15,527 2s 4d, while the extra cost in providing projectiles, &o.;, in consequence of alterations, has been £5032 4s 2d. Tho return is mado up to the date of tho last balance sheet (31st March, 1804/. Tho exnonses incurred during tho prosent year cannot be accu rately shown until the next balance sheet, up to 31st March, 1865, is ready. This may be expected to bo completed about July. The following elections havo taken place :— Sir Arthur Bullor has been returned without opposition for Liskeard, in the room of Mr Bernal Osborne, who resigned. At Devonport, which Sir Arthur vacated that he might sit for Liskoard, there was a keen contest between Mr Fleming, Conservative, and Mr Brassoy, Liberal, which resulted in tho re turn of the latter by a majority of 5G votes. At Coventry there was a cautest between Mr Eaton, Conservative, and Mr Jones, Liberal. At the close of tho polling Mr Eaton had a majority of 254 votes. A new course of procedure in criminal cases has boon enacted. On the 1st of July, a provision in a now act of Parliament to amend the law of evidence and practice on criminal trials took effect, respect ing the Bumming up of evidonce in cases of felony and misdemeanor. Tho provision is in tho following words : — ' If any prisoner or prisoners, defendant or defendants, shall bo1 defended by counsel, but not otherwise, it shall be tho duty of the presiding judge, at the close of the case for the prosecution, to ask tho counsel for each prisoner or defendant so defended by counsel, whether he or they intend to adduce evidence, and in the evout of none of them thereupon announcing his intention to adduce evidence, tho counsel for the prosecution shall be allowed to address tbo jury a second time iu sup pott of his case, for the purpose of summing up the evidence against such prisoner or prisoners, defen dant or dofendunts ; and upon every trial for felony or misdemeanor, whether tho prisonors ordefen-lants or any of them, shall bo defended by counsel or not, each and every such prisoner or defendant, or biB or their counsel respectively, shall bo allowed, if he or they shall think lit, to open his or tbeir case or cases respectively, and after the conclusion of such opening, ? or of all such openings of more tkac one, such prisoner or prisoners, or defendant or defend ants, or their counsel, shall be entitled to examine such witnesses as he or they may think fit, and when all tho evidence is concluded to sum up tbo evidence respectively, and the right of reply, and practice, and course of proceedings, save as hereby altered, shall bi as at present ' There are ten sec tions in the act, and the object of it is to assimilate tbe proceeding in courts of criminal judicature to that of tho trials at ninprhts. Tlie friends of Mr Cobden in Manchester and its neighborhood have subscribed liberally towards his. family. Within a radius of twelve miles a sum of £20,000 has been subscribed, and money for four statues. Mrs Cobden has declined n pension of £1500 per annum offerod by the Government, in acknowledgment of tho eminent services of her de ceased husband. Tho family of Mr Cobden are understood to he left iu comfortable pecuniary cir cumstances. A very simple coremony has marked the formal close of a great and memorable passage in the his tory, not only of Great Britain but even of the world. Mr Farnall announced a few days ago to the Central Relief Committee at Manchester his recall by the Poor Law Board from the post of Special Commissioner in the Cotton District, which he has now held for three years, and the committee then passed resolutions aoknow'edging the services of Mr Farnall and hia colleague, Mr Riwlinsoc, ufter which the committee adjourned sine die. The proceeding amounts to an official recognition of tho end of tlie groat cotton famine, and it implies the breaking up of tho eutiro system of relief through out the cotton district. Suiatdos have been taking place in London with great frequency. At the Guildhall police court (during- a recent morning no fewer than threo .'persons, were charged with attempting to drown themselves in the Thames. In ttie other courts there*, reare two other cases. Four of tUe unfor-. tunate creatures who had thus abandoned them selves to despair woro women. A serious accident took place lately at the Now Grosven or Hotel, Pimlico. A ' lift' for conveying persons to the upper rooms of the hotel by means of machinery was performing its functions, when tho beam by which tho 'lift' was suspended gave way. The 'lift' and the machinery connected witii using it, all fell to the ground. One of the parties was killed, and a gentlemen's servant had his leg broken, of which he has since died. The Roupell forgeries were to be revived at the approaching assizes a' Chelmsford. Tho case to be tried was originally brought to recover an estate near Romford, Mr Roupell, the heir-at- law, beiug the plaintiff. He sought to recover tho property on the ground that a deed of gift, under which tbe estate had been conveyed toWilliain Roupell during tho lifetime of his father, w«s a forgiry. William Roupell, formerly M.P. for Lambeth, will be put in the witness-box, as he was on a previous occasion, to prove the forgery. Tho property in question amounts to about £300,000, and the point raised is whether the late M.P. is telling the truth or not when he says the signature is a forgery. If the plaintiff should obtain a verdict in bis favor, the necessary result will be that the whole of the vast property made away with by Mr Roupoll will revert to his family, and those who havo paid their money for it will lose it. A most deplorable fire took placo in thoLeadenhall Market at an early hour one morning recently. Tho sceno of the catastrophe was tbe Poultorcrs' Arms Tavern, one of those old timber and lath buildings which may still be met with in the metropolis. Iu consequence of the inflammable nature of tbo materials tho fire spread with terrible lapidity, and several other houses were sacriliced to its fury. The inmates, some of whom threw themselves out of the window, and escaped more or less injured, were all asleep when tho tho was discovered. Worso than all, the lives of two of the inmates of the tavern — the cook and the barmaid — were sacrificed, although every effort appears to have been made to rescue them as well its the other inmates. On tho same day a fire broke out in High-street, Shoreditcb, nearly opposite the Great Eastern terminus, and speedily destroyed three largo warehouses, iu which petroleum and other highly inflammable oils were stored. The fire seems to have beon caused acci dentally by a workmau, who was so S076rnly burned that he lies in tho London Hospital with little pro spect of recovery. A short time Bince many remarkably rich marriago presents were brought humo from various rajahs iu our Indian empire, who desirod to show their loyally to tbe throne and their affection to tho Prince and Princess of Wales j also from European and native subjects in the country, and from residents in Australia, ull animated by similar sontiments. Their royal bignesses, having kindly considered that persons interested in India and Australia would bo glad to have an opportunity of seeing the inuai ficent gifts, have requested Mefsrs Gorrard, the Crown jewellers, to tako charge of them for a few days, so that they may be inspected at their estab lishment in tho Haymarket. These presents, and more especially those from India, are of exceedingly costly character, und if tho native workmon have not displayed the skill in setting which European artisans possess, the potentates for whom the articles wore mado havo shown all that magnificence for which Asiatic rulers are famed. Tho presents from Australia are also unique, and very valuable. Tho Fishmongers' Company recently entertained tho Prince of Wales and a good many othor distin guished guests. The prince, in thanking tho com pany for drinking his health, congratulated himself very much that he was also a fishmonger. In re sponse to tbe wiBh expressed for the speedy recovery of the princess, his royal highness said : — ' I can assure you my heartfelt wish is that my two sous may learn to emulate and follow the bright examplo of, thoir revered grandfather.' The Duke of Cam bridge, in replying for the army, said nothing very particular ; but Lord Clarence Puget, who answered for the navy, informed tho company that tho British Government had just received an invitation from the Emperor of the Fronch to send our nrinor-plated fleet round the coast of France, while tho French armor-plated fleet would come round tbe coast of England. ' I need not say,' he continued, ' we have responded to this courteous and friendly offer with the very greatest satisfaction,, by accepting tho proposal, and I am sure you will all accept it as an earnest of the goodwill and friendship which should prevail between these two great nations.' Lord Elcho, for tho volunteers, mado what he called the cool suggestion, which he hoped on so hot a night would he acceptable, that the fishmongers should give a prize to be shot for at Wimbledon. Lord Brougham, who said ho was a fishmonger of fifty years' standing, mado a rather lengthened speech, in the course of which ho begged candidates for seats in Parliament not to commit bribery in the coming election, and (hoping his words would be carried across the Atlantic), im plored President Johnson not to hang Mr Jefferson Davis, IRELAND. A correspondent writing from Westporfc under date of May the 26th says : — ' Captain Cumming, of the schooner Elizabeth Maclure, of Girvin, arrived here yesterday, from Liverpool, reports that at ten p.m. on Tuesday, the 22nd instant, while the ves sel was lying becalmed off tbe Island of Inniukea, saw sixteen canoes and one boat coming off. The united crews numbered about fifty men, who boarded the vessel, and took from eighteen to twenty tons of the cargo (maize) out of her, as well as ropes and many other loose articles. They formed on deck, at the same time threatening, if resisted, they would cut away tho masts. They remained on board till one o'clock next morning, when they left. Shortly afterwards a light breeze sprang up, and the schooner was able to proceed on her voyage, with theoargoin danger of shifting.' The Shipping Gazelle of the following Tuesday remarks on tbe foregoing : — ' At first sight one is inclined to think it strange that such an occurrence as this should take place on a line of coast where coast guard Btationu are frequent, and where the local police abound. But it must be remembered that the Inniskea Islands lie at a considerable dis tance from the mainland, and that the alleged ontrage was committed under shelter of darkness. We re member that outrages of this class, iu tho same lo cality, were summarily repressed a few years since by the prompt proceedings, of tho local authorities, very properly secoaded by tho judge of assize at Castlebar. We havo only to hope that equal deci sion and energy will be shown in bringing to justice the plunderers of the Elizabeth Maclure. They are no doubt known in the locality, and aro fully witUin the reach of the law. If this is not done it will bo necessary lo station a gun-boat off. the line of coaft. Such practices are a dlsgraca to the Irish peasantry, and the offenders, we should hope, will meet w.fi no sympathy from those whom they deli berately involve in disrepute.' A Fenian has beon arrested in Livorpool on the charge of robbery. On his person the following oath was found : — ' I now, in the presence of Al mighty God, solemnly swear allegiance to the Irish Republic now virtually established, to take up arms in its defence at a moment's notice ; and that I will, to the best of my power, dofend its territory and independence ; and will implicitly obey the commands of my superior officer. So help me God.' Tho Rov. G. S. Abbott, rector of St. Mary's, Dublin, and sub-deun of tbe Chapel Royal, com mitted suicide on Monday, 12th January, by shoot ing himself through the head with a pistol, iu his own bedroom. Death was instantaneous. Upon his dressing-table was another pistol loaded with ball. He had officiated in hia church the provions day, and he went out on tho above Monday., morning in his usual health. He was at the Bank of Ireland, returned home in a depressed stute of mind, and almost immediately after committed tho fatal act. Tho coroner's jury returned a verdiot of ' Tempo rary insanity.' The election for an Irish representative peer, in the room of the late Earl of Desart, has terminated in the return of Viscount Gort. Tbo voting was — for Viscount Gort, 71 ; for the Earl of Listowel, 36\. This election gives another to tho Conserva tive peers. At half-past two, on a Sunday morning, three men were fired at as they wore passing through Oallan-streot, Aimagh. Ono of ttiem, it is said, was shot in tbo back, and it is thought ho oaiinot recjver ; his whole back has been frightfully cnt up from below his shoulders to his head. Another of them has received several slugs in his baak, and so did tho third. Collan-etreet is one of the Orange quarters of the town. A persou — a well- known Orangeman — is charged with bfcing principal in the outrage, and informations have been swora against several others. At the Capol-street polico office, Dublin, ono day recently, a man named Patrick Kilkenny was charged, on his own confession, with tho murder of Margarita Farquhar, at Palmeratown, the provious day. He Btated that he had boon in the girl's com pany during the day, and murdered her iu the even ing,, and that before leaving he covered the body up ^St^Siesa-ia a ditch. He was remanded, in order to allow ths police an opportunity of ascertaining iho truth of tho statement. Tbe body was found in the evening in the place indicated by the prisoner. At the inquest on tho body of the unfortunate girl, the circumstances, as stated by tho prisoner, have been for the most part confirmed. He was enamored of the gir], and wanted her to marry him; but she preferred a young man in America, and tho murr derer, having heard that she received a letter from America lately, renewed his offer of marriage. Sho again refnsed, and ho took her lifo by smothering her in a ditch. The coroner's jury found him guilty of wilful murder, and he was committed for trial to the commission, at which ho has just been tried, and found ' guilty.' Although tho jury appended to their verdict a recommendation to mercy on the ground that ho had acted from an ungovernable im pulse, he has been sentenced to death. SCOTLAND. Tho General Assembly of the Scottish Fres Church, has reeeived the report of a committee which has now been in existence for two years, appointed to confer with a committee of the United Presbyterian; Chuich, with a viow to an incorporating union of the two churches. Some other Presbyterian bodies have also within the past year become parties to the con ference. Last year, in the synod of the United Pres byterian Chnrch, and in the F.ree Church Assembly, there were lengtksned discussions on the question of union, which elicited u difference of opinion as to the duty of the civil magistrate towards the Church. The question tho Eanjority in both houses indicated might bo mado an open ono, all parties being inde pendent of tbe State ; but there were minorities ia both whioh called upon tho committees distinctly to affirm the doctrines held by tbo churches respeo tively. The joint committee was re-appointed by tho ? majority on both sides, and tbo report now given in states that considerable progress had been made during tho second year in comparing tho opinions of the two churchesy in which generally great har mony had been evinced. The qucstio vexala wa3 not, however, touched upon in tbo present year's report, and tho joint committee now wished re appointment to complete their task, intimating that a final report on tho whole subject might be expected' to bo made next year. In both denominations the joint committeohas been authorised to prosecute the matter to a conclusion. Several speakers having addressed the assembly, the report was approved, and tbe committee re-appointed. The 'clerical lorry' has been again busy ia Edinburgh ; the houses of various dissenters were visited, and furniture, timepieces, jewellery, &o.;, carried off in payment of the minister's money. Among tbe other victims was Mr Thomas Kuox, J.P., well-known throughout tho country as u tem perance reformer. The Glasgow police hare succeeded in arresting a lad named Hart, and a man named M'Mahon, who wero engaged almost up to tho hour of their arrest in artful robbories from letter-boxeB in that city. They had succeoded in securing, amongst other prizes, seven letters, containing bank cheques to tho amount of £0000 (the robbery being fortu nately discovered in time to prevent tho several sums from beiug securod)s four letters containing ? £3 18s, and three letters und a cheque for £93 Is. The apparatus consisted of a wedgu of lead, ono sido of which was covered by bird-lime. By at taching this to a string in a peculiar manner, and dropping it into a letter-box, tho letters wero re moved in succession by adhering to the bird-lime and being drawn up through the slit. Hart was brought before the magistrates and sent to prison for a month, at the expiration of which timo to bo de tained in a reformatory for five years. It appears that an institution for the reception of females addicted to intemperance is being provided in connection with the House of Refuge for the Destitute in Edinburgh. Compulsory detention is repudiated ; the inmates are to bo at liberty to leave whenever they ure so disposed ; not, we imagine, when the 'mania' returns, but when they are cured. The death is announced of the Rev. W. M. Hetherington, D.D., L.L.D., Professor of Systematic Theology in the Glasgow Free Church College. About tbe period of the disruption, Dr. Hethering ton published a history of tbe Church of Scotland, it which it was his main design to prove that the non-intrusion party were the legitimate successors of the Kuoxea, Melvilles, Gillespies and Ruther fords of the Reformation and Convenanting times. Dr. Hetherington held a high place in the esteem of his brethren in the church. A sad accident occurred at Woodside, near Aber deen. A young girl, aged nine years, while going from Woodside Paper Works to her father's house, with a bundle of esparto grass, which was tied round her neck, sat down tb rest on some stone steps beside Woodside station, about four o'clock, About an hour afterwards she was found lying on her back, quite dead. It is supponnd that the poor girl had fallen nsloep, and that the weight of the bundle had caused the rope to tighten round her i^- neck till she was strangled. 