: MARRIAGE NOT A LA MODE. [PROM ONCE A ^VEEK^. .'. Not very long ago, whilst engaged in making some '] genealogical inquiries, I had occasion to search. ,the ..... .,- registers of St. George's, Hanover- square. Among . i -? them I found .three dingy volumes,: marked 'A;; 'B,^ ', .'; and Q, respectively, containing, such recqrd.s asiexiat, j,t'.'i of about 7000 marriages which were performed: ,by;; -:? ?: ) the Rev. Mr Keith and other clergymen; not inthat^ ? --' highly^ fashionable and aristocratic church, butat a ' :?* ' little chapel in May ; Fair, where the marriage law1 -.._-,? of the land was as regularly and effectually evaded V/ as it has ever been defied at Gretna Green, or within i1t'i'i!' ~ the precincts of the King's, Bench and the Fleet ;, Prisons. The entries in these volumes; extend over i,. nearly twenty years ; and although there is a diipliV vn cate set in the; Bishop - of V London's Registry ' Si covering, we. believe, a somewhat longer period ? i;; - yet, as these are not readily' accessible to the '? public, a few words; upon the subject of thfeir , ' contents, and on the , irregularr marriages which ?:.:.',/* marked the earlier half of the ' Georgian .era,' may not be wholly void of interest ; at all events in the ? ? eyes, of our fair readers, to whom marriages, whether a la\mode or riot, are thought to be matters, of some : concern, however lightly they may be thought of by ' ?' ???' thei' lords of the creation.' Itwas not until'the1;' ^!: Council of - Trent that the presence of a 'clergyman 'v -': was held to be necessary , to : the performance' of a '.', !!' marriage ;. but the practical evils which i we're found '' ^ to result from secret unions were so great, that' it was \ ]'. .',! then resolved, by ; the Western Church , tjiat they;, ,,., i -; should not be performed but by a priest, and inj.the ..(,'j presence of , two witnesses. ;Thei canon law, how-.- -V: ever, not being received in this country,? all matters .V; matrimonial were regulated by the'1 common Hawj w. :1; under which, ' whilst in -virtue of ?domestic institu-1 ;li tions, a form -was enjoined -for* the'inore solemri'ce-r'' ?;'; febration of matrimony, and persori6i;de'parlting''-ftbin';'. ?'?'? ?these' regulations were liable to ^ecclesiastical; iofeii-'' .'', (.: sure! ;' still other and more private 'modes 'of 'con'-V '? ! tfacting a, marriage were tolerated jby,, the, law.'i Fieri non oportebat ; facta ,vdlebantl. [ Hence liaar^ .',.'',, r riages per verha de prcesenti, and even. 'per . verbal ',. , \ ~ de futuro, though informal and irreguliar,, .if rjEpl-. ,: tr lowed by cohabitation were regarded as validiiiftnd; t,,yj the ! ecclesiastical courts refused to annul them. But- .in i, spite of ,all .efforts on ;the.:.part ot ,?;; the Church ;, and ,.. the : State to prevent .clanV, ?;? ^destine unions, these ^informal marriages oon- - , ? tinned to take place in: London under ; the Tudors and Stuarts. ? Within a fewJ yearspra- ' - !- viouB to 1686,, many thousands ' Of such ' tiriiona ;. ? '? were celebrated in London alone, many of them':' ! . in churches and chapels exempt ?from the visitation! , ? J of ^he Bishop as ordinary. These '^ere' called^..; 'lawless churches,' and the clergy who performed; i ,,,(. there I? lawless parsons;' but, in spite, of hard ,,, ,r nanies and\ censures, it appears that they drove, a.,,. :!/ thriving, trade, and amassed large fortunes. ,Ini .-?-. , the Bishop- of London's Registry. there is an. entry ' '?-'? showing that the Commissioners for Ecclesiastical1 -i; Causes, ' ' in ? February, 1686, suspended iov - three ?'-''?? years ab qfficio, et beneficio, one Adam Elliott, Reo* :'';- tor of SL' James's, Duke's Place,, for 'solemnising . , marriages without banns or license., This iuspen-,, '?'!? sion, however, was withdrawn in the following ,,.'j May (on the technical ground, it would , seem,; ili&f; . ?. his church was extra- parochial, arid not subject to .:.;?. the : ordinary), on which the rector resumed h'isi'; :??;:;»?. friendly offices, and married, on 'an average, at'tho ?'? rate! of sixteen couples a day. It appears from the :: ' register of this-ohapel that, between 1664 arid,' ' 1691,- there are nearly 40-000 entries, aMj that; ':;; on special ' days the worthy high-pribit':'.;'-i|' ;! /; Hymen made happy— or iniserable— betweei*J ^ thirty and forty couples. The old chapel in ;ijiay. .'} Fair, however, is that with which w,e have naora ; ! particularly to deal just now, ; so let us return a Tiqs ?.-.-. moutonsa. This chapel,, which earned the reputation of being second only to tbat in the Fleet, in respect' ? ; of what we may be pardoned for styling ' Crypto gamia,' was built about , the year 1730,.; in conse-, - quenoe of the. increase of, new streets and. squares on; ? , the north of Piccadilly. The person chosen to offi- , ciate there was the Rev. Alexander Keith j- who :ia described by Horace Walpole as having -' construe- ?} ?' - tedii very bishopric of revenue' by his weddings at May Fair, which lie had the1 impudence to advertise' in, the public papew. His practices, however,' gave ,' offence, not without good cause, to Dr.1 Trebepk, '' ':: then rector of St. George's, Hari6yerr8qiaare, who, in ; 1743, instituted, .against him proceedings ' in j the Ecclesiastical Court, the. Result !. ... of ;- which was , his, exoommunication, ..and committal. to the Fleet, or to Newgate— it is; not- r. certain which ; though he certainly died in the Fleet ' ? ; Prison, in 1758,' after fifteen years' imprisonnVenfr; The ? secret -weddings, however, did not C^So' at ! May Fair, where Keith fitted up a house n.^ a chapelt ' ? anii; cpritinue'dto work liy deputy, ju» appears .fronl, ?, the i fdllowing'advertisemont :— » ' ' . ;. ,; /'i '!To prevent mistakes, the little new chapel in May Fauv-near -Hyde Park Corner, is in the corner r; house opposite to the city 'side of the great chapel, : ',!.-; arid within ten yards of it; and., the minister aridiv clerk livein the same ooruov house where the little chapel, is;, and the license on a orown'BtainpV ;nl miDjister and clerk's fees, together wifih the!'ciSrfifi-- ' cate,1 amount to one guinea, as heretofore,.' at any hour till four in the afternoon.' And that it inay beJ '' the|be(,ter known, there ia a porch at the door, like' ' a.couutiy .church i porch.'— Daily, JPp&tr; 20th July,; ; a744;' -' ':'' ''' ? ? ; 7. w.. ' .-)[\/:Ai,.u.'y, The author of an interesting and scarce work on. - the! .'.Fleet Registers,' states that Dr... Keith's, !;j curates hero, after his imprisonment, were the Rev,1 '???.- Peter Symson, tho' Rev. Fraridis Dene'van: (botU ' Fleet Parsons '), the Re vi' John 'Grierson^ and' ft ? ? ? Rev. Mr Walker. . While in prison Keith seerftgl tft :; ?', .'- have had a keen eye to lucre, having' kept his wife's corpse embalmed arid unburied fpr many xa'oritas ; a ciroum8taricb which ho ingeniously cbntrived to, turn !' into an advertisement of his trade., At all eyenta we read the following in the Daily Advertised; 23rd January,. 1750; — ... ;..,,. . '.j. . .;?; . ;-iilo!.' ,-; ;..',.; 1 M We. are informed that Mrs 'Keith's: corpse waanv. : removed from her husband's house in May Fait : ?'???? the middle of October last to an apbtheoary's in' ;'; South Audley-street, where she lies in a room hung with mourning, and is to continue, there till Mr ' Keith can attend the funeral. The way to Mr ? Keith's chapel is through Picoadilly, by the end of ;, St. James's-street, and. down Clurges-Btreot,, an-35 turn on. the left hand. The marriages (together with.a license on a. live; shilling stamp, and:, oevtifii*. , : .cate) ure carried, on fox- a guinea as usual, any timo ;.-? till fonr in the afternoon by another regular clergy-,. ;. -.t man at Mr Keith's little chapel in May Fair, near Hydg Park Corner, opposite the great cjiopel, and Within ten.yards of it; there is a porch at the door like a country church porch.' The Craftsman lav 6th August, 1748, tells us that he turned to a like good account the death of his son, whose' corpse ' he had carried on a bier by two men from the Fleet to Cbvenfc Garden . Churchyard.,, 'In their progress,',' says the writer, 'Vtfcey made several halts, and crowds of people assembled to read the inscription, which referred to the . father's persecution.' In 1753, while a prisoner in the Fleet, Keith had the hardihood to publish a pamphlet styled .' Observations on the Act for pre venting Clandestine Marriages,1^ with a portrait of himself prefixed. The following' extracts from the ?pamphlet, which is now extremely scarce, will serve to; amuse our readers:- — !)#). Happy is the wooing that is not long a-doing, ia;aa old proverb and a very, true one,, but we shall have ino occasion for it after the 25 th day of March neit, when we are commanded to read it backwards, and from' that period (fatal indeed to Old England !) $e must date, the declension of the numbers of the inhabitants of England.'— 'j As I have married many thousands, and consequently have on those occasions seen the humor of the lower class of people, I have often asked the married pair how long they had been acquainted ; they would reply, some more, some less, but the generality did: not exceed the acquaintance of a ;week, some only of a day, half a day,' &c.; — ' 'Another ineonvenienoy which will arise from this adt will be, that the expense of being married will be so great, that few of the lower 'class of people can afford ; for ; I have ' often heard A Fleje- parBon say that, many have come to be married when they have had but half-a- crown in their pockets, and sixpence to buy a pot of beer, and for which they have pawned their cloathes.' — .' I iremember once on a time, I was at a public house at Radeliff, whioh then was full of sailors and their girls, there there ,was fiddling, piping, jigging . and- eating: at length, one of the tars starts up, and says 'D — m ye, Jack, I'll be' mar ried justjnow ; I will have my partner, and .' . .' the joke took, and in less' than two hours ten couple set out for the Flete. I staid their return. They returned in coaches ; five women in , each coach ; the tars, some running before, others riding on the coach-box, and others behind. The cavalcade being over, the . couples went up into an upper room, where they continued the evening with 'great jollity. The next time I went that way,' I called' on my landlord and asked' him concerning this' marriage-adventure;- he at first stared at me, but recollecting, he said . iihat. those things were so frequent that he hardly took any notice of them ; ' for,' added he, ? it is a common thing when a fleet comes in, to have two or three hundred marriages in a week's time, among the sailors.' ' He humorously concludes : — ' If the present act in the form it now stands should (whioh I am sure is impossible) be of service to my country, I shall then have the satisfaction of having been the occasion of it, because the compilers thereof have done it with a pure design of sup-: pressing my Chapel, which makes me the most celebrated man in this kingdom, though not the greatesti' ' ' \ ; It was not .until 1753 that the subject of, these clandestine marriages was taken up seriously by, the Parliament, when Lord Hardwicke bronght in a bill (26 Geo. II. c. 33), enacting that any parson Solemnising matrimony in any other than a church or public chapel without banns or license, should, on conviction, be adjudged guilty of felony, and be transported for fourteen years, and that ? euoh marriages should be void. It did not pass into law, however, without the most violent oppo sition. Mr Fox, afterwards Lord Holland, who had himself found a wife in thie Fleet, gained such popularity from his fierce resistance to the bill, that (if we may . .believe . Wilkinson's . Memoirs) his chariot was dragged along for many' days by the populace. He was - sap ported by . Nugent and Charles Townshend in the Lower House, and by i. the Duke of Bedford in the Upper, as we learn from Horace Walpole (Correspondence, vol. i. p. 284.) At length, when be found that all further open resistance was in vain, Fox changed his tactics, upheld the bill with all the additions, alterations and erasures which had been made to it and in it, and, to the infinite amusement of the House, pronounced over it a parody of An thony's oration over the mangled body of Julius Caesar. ' It appears,' says the compiler of the Fleet. ° Registers, . ' that the alterations made in the bill were made in order to defeat it when returned for the Lords.' ' Be this, however, as it : may, the tactics of '? Fox and' his . friends failed; as, in order to out-manceuvre ;the oppo sition in the House of Commons, the House of Lords consented to pass the bill, even though it appeared before them like Banquo's. ghost, ' with twenty mortal murders on its head.'. It appears that* while the bill was under debate, it created great popular excitement, and our regret is great that we have no contemporary Punch to refer to, in order to show the actual state of feeling in town and flnd country. Handbills, however, on the subject were distributed both pro and con., those in favor 'of the bill urging that secret marriages had been the ruin i of many families, that the religious respeot tot marriage was entirely subverted by them, and that the legal evidence of them was imperilled ; while those on the other side con tended that Lord Hardwicke's bill would discou rage marriage altogether, and that it was brought in for the protection of the fortunes of noble and rich pexspno'ag(ungt alliances with the middle classes. -These latter hand- hills endeavored, like Lord John Russell, to make political oapital out of the heredi :ditary national hatred of Popery, declaring , that it was. the Council of Trent which had -first annulled clandestine marriages, and made the presence of a ' priest a necessary condition of ?every 'marriage, and that it was .' after that excellent precedent' that the bill in question was 'drawn. As may be easily imagined, the Act for 'preventing Clandestine Marriages gave no quarter to the marriages at May Fair, which were effectually stopped from that day forward. It is clear, how ever, that ' marriage not a la mode1' did not die without a struggle, and that Hymen's high glEiegtwflB.'1 game to the last ;' for it is on record that on the very day before the act came into foroe, (24tb Maroh, 1754), no less than sixty-one couples were married in the little unpretending chapel. We learn from more than one allusion in Horace Walpole's Letters that this Marriage Bill was the subjeot of common talk in West End circles for many months before it arrived at the dignity of ?becoming actual law. Thus in a letter to George Montagu, under date 17th July, 1753, he writes : — i'* Lady Anne Paulett's daughter ib eloped with a country clergyman. The Dnohesa of Argyle hnr PnP!!I pgaM IM Mfiwgs, £jU not tftfcipg jflm effect] immediately, . and is persuaded that all' the girls will go off before next Lady Day.' In another letter, Horace Walpole relates the following ban mot of Dr. Keith, the marriage-broker— who, to do his me mory justice, appears in his anger to have spoken words prophetic of the future glories of Kensal Green, and the cemeteries of Highgate, Nunhead and Norwood: — ' ' God .d— n the bishops,' said he (I beg Miss Montagu's pardon) ; ' so they will hinder my mar rying, [trade]. Well, let 'em. But I'll be revenged: I'll buy two or three acres of ground, and, by God, I'll underbury them all !' In the Connoisseur for October, 1754, we find the following witty and satirical remarks upon the effects of the recent Act on Dr. Keith's chapel : — ' I received a scheme from my good friend Mr Keith, whose chapel the. late Marriage Act has rendered useless on its original principles.' The reverend gentleman, seeing that all husbands and wives are henceforth to be put up on sale, i proposes shortly to open his chapel on a more new and fashionable plan. As the inge nious Messrs Henson and Bever have lately opened in different quarters of the town repositories for all horses tobesoldby auction, Mr Keith intends set ting up a repository for all young males and females to be disposed of in marriage. From these studs (as the doctor himself expresses it), a lady of beauty may be coupled to a : man of fortune, and an old gentleman who has a colt's tooth remaining, may ? match himself with a tight young filly. The doctor makes no doubt but his chapel will turnout even more to his advantage on this new plan than on its first institution, provided he can secure his scheme to himself, and reap the -benefits of it without in terlopers from tho fleet. To prevent his design being pirated, he intends petitioning the Parliament, that, as he has been so great a sufferer by the Marriage Act, the sole right of opening a repository of this sort may be vested in him.and that ; his place of residence in May Fair may still con tinue the grand mart for marriages.' ' . Then follows a ' Catalogue of Males and Females to be disposed. of in Marriage to the best bidder, at ; Mr Keith's repository, in May Fair ' : — . '-A young lady of £100,000 fortune— to be bid for by none under the degree of peers, or a com moner of at least treble the income.' 'A homely thing who can read, write, cast accounts, and make an excellent pudding — this lot: to be bid for by none but country parsonB.' 'A very pretty young woman, but a good deal in debt— would be glad to marry a member of Par liament or a Jew.' ' ' A blood of the first-rate, very wild, and has run loose all his life, but is now broke, and will prove very tractable.' ' Five Templars-j-all Irish;— No one to bid for these lots of less than £10,000 fortune.' And the article concludes with the following ad vertisement : — 'Wanted four dozen of young fellows, and one dozen of young women, willing to marry to ad vantage — to go to Nova Scotia.' It is as well known that the first Lord Holland, (his wife was Lady Georgiana Caroline Lennox, eldest daughter of Charles, second Duke of Kich mond), was married in the Fleet, as that Lord Brougham and Lord Eldon were married at Gretna Green. But the following random extracts from the May Fair register- books at St. George's, Hanover-square, will serve to show that, at all events, a private marriage in the little chapel at the corner, with a porch like that of a small country church, was not the low and plebeian thing which at the first blush it might appear to be : — 1753, 29th June. — Lord George Bentinck and Mary Eavies, Hanwell. 1748, 23rd March. — Hon. George Carpenter and Frances Clifton. 1749, 14th September.— William, Earl of Ken sington, and Rachel Hill, Hampstead. 1751, 21st July. — Edward Wortley Montagu and Elizabeth Ashe, St Martin's Fields. 1752, 30th June.— Bysshe Shelley and Mary Catherine Michell, Horsham. 1752, June 15. — Henry Trelawney, Esq., and Mary Dormer, St. Margaret's. 1751, 25th May.— Hon. Sewallis Shirley, and Margaret, Countess of Oxford. 1753, 7th March.— William Shirley, Esq., and Madalane Julie Le Blanc, St. Margaret's. 1753, 15th March.— James Stewart Stewart, Esq., and Catharine Holloway, of St. Matthew's, Friday-street. 1753, 31st August. — George Montague Martin, Esq., and Elizabeth Berkeley, St. George's, Hano ver-square. ? 1752, 15th February.— James,' Duke of Hamil ton, and Elizabeth Gunning. Of the above, it may be remarked that the fifth entry refers to the grandfather of Percy Bysshe Shelley, and that the last entry records an event with which Horace Walpole has made, all the world familiar. He writes to Mr (afterwards Sir Horace) Mann, under date 27th February, 1752 : — ' The event which has made most noise since my last is the extensive wedding of the youngest of the two Gunnings ;' then describes an assembly at Lord Chesterfield's, -where the Duke of Hamilton made love to Miss Gunning ; and proceeds to give an ac oount of the whole transaction in terms which we quote below. That Miss Elizabeth Gunning was the second of three fair sisters, of Irish extrac tion, without fortune, but nearly related to the first baronet of the same name. Two out of the three were far-famed beauties in their day — twin stars in the world of fashion and rank, as every reader of Horace Walpole will remember. He says that they are generally declared to be ' the hand somest women alive,' and is willing to admit the truth of the statement if they are regarded as a pair, though he adds, ' singly, I have seen much hand somer women than either.' They could not walk in the park or go to Vauxhall without being followed by suoh mobs, that they were generally driven away. One day, when the sisters went to Hampton Court, the housekeeper showed the company into the room where the Miss Gunnings were, instead of into the Beauty Room. Mary, tho eldest of the sisters, became Countess of Coventry. The story of the second, Elizabeth, shall be told in Horaoe Walpole's own words ; — ' About six weeks ago, Duke Hamilton, the very reverse of the earl, but debauched, extravagant, and equally damaged in his fortune and person, .fell in love with the youngest at a masquerade, and deter mined to marry her in tho spring. About a fort- j night sinoe, at an immense assembly at Lord j Chesterfield's, made to show the house, which is ' really most magnificent, Duke Hamilton made , violent love at one end of the room, while he was playing at pharoah with the. other ; that is, he saw ^either, tho. bank nov hm owa orutfs, wfeigh, 5701:0 0$ £300 each ; he soon lost a thousand; I said I was so little ;a:professor in love, that I thought that his parade looked ill for the poor girl ; arid could not conceive, if he was so much engaged with his mis tress as to disregard such sums, why he played at all. However, two nights afterwards; being left alone with her, while her mother and sister were at Bedford, he found himself bo' impatient that he sent for Mr Keith. The doctor refused to perform the ceremony without license or ring. At last, they were married with the ring of the bed-curtain, at half an hour after twelve at night, at Mayfair Chapel. The Scotch are enraged ; the woman mad that so much beauty has had its effect; and, what is more silly, my Lord Coventry declares that now he will marry the other. The Duchess was presented on Friday. The crowd was so great, that even the noble mob in the draw ingroom clambered into chairs and tables to look at her. - There are mobs at their doors to see them get into their chairs, and people go early to get places at the theatres, when it is known they will be there. Suoh crowds fiock to see the Duchess pass, that seven hundred people sat up all night in and about an inn in Yorkshire, to see her get into her post-chaise the next morning.' Miss Elizabeth Gunning was not content with a single dukedom, but after the death of the Duke of Hamilton, married John Duke of Argyll, and was eventually' oreated a peeress of Great Britain in her own right, as Baroness Sundridge and Hamilton. An interesting account of the Miss Gunnings, given verbatim et literatim, as written by the parish clerk of Hemingf ord Grey, in Huntingdonshire, to the late Mr James Madden, of Cole House, Fulham, will be found in the pages of ' Sylvanus Urban ;' and those of onr readers who wish for further information about them will find it in Burke's ' Anecdotes of the Aristocracy.' In a future paper we may possibly place before our readers some interesting matrimonial reminiscences of the old chapel in the Savoy, the Mint( the King's Bench, and the Fleet, our chief authority being Mr J. S. Burns' curious and now very scarce book on » The Fleet Registers,' from which we have gleaned a large portion of the facts whioh we have placed upon record in these columns. 