GENERAL NEWS, Oar Wellington correspondent informs us that Mr. George Green has declined to be put in norainaticn for the district of Victoria, having no present inten tion of entering Parliament. At the Police Court to-day there were no eases of any importance brought forward. Rose Brady, brought up on remand from the previous day for using obscene language was fined 5s. There was also the case of Robert May, who was ordered to pay £3 103., amount of arrears due to his wife for main tenance. By the Aldinga we have received Melbourne papers to the 14th January, but they contain no news of general interest, The adjourned meeting of the electors of Gume racha at Teatree Gully took place on Monday, 16th of January. There was a fair attendance, and Mr. Robert Milne, J. P., was called to the chair. The present members—Messrs. Blyth and Murray, who are candidates for re-election—attended, and gave their respective budgets of political views, and afterwards were narrowly questioned by several of the electors. It was then moved by Mr. G. Watson, and seconded by Mr. R. S. Kelly, that Messrs. Blyth and Murray are fit and proper persons to represent the district. The motion was carried unanimously, and the candidates briefly thanked the eleotors for their expression of confidence in them. The oustomary votes of thanks closed the proceed ings, which, owing to the pressure of English news, we are unable to report more fully to-day. A meeting of electors was held at Port Adelair"e on Monday evening, January 16. His Worship thu Mayor (Mr. J. W, Smith), filled the chair, and there were from 200 to 300 persons present. The Trea surer (Captain J. Hart) and Mr. P. B. Coglin both addressed the meeting at some length, and after various questions had been put and answered, votes of thanks were passed to both gentlemen. A resolu tion that Mr. E. K. Horn bo invited to attend a future meeting and explain his political views was negatived; and motions requesting Messrs. Hart and Coglin to stand as candidates at the approaching eleotion were agreed to. The Treasurer, in the course of his speech, said the Ministry had agreed to place a sum of money on the Estimates next session for supplying Wallaroo with fresh water ; and they were also about to get a lightship built at Tipara reef, for the protection of shipping at Port Wallaroo. Mr. P. B, Coglin sustained an injury to his left foot while on his station at Rapid Bay. Is appears he was giving one of his men some assistance in lifting a piece of timber into a dray, when it fell on his foot, crushing it and severely wounding it. Not withstanding this accident, Mr, Coglin drove all the way from Rapid Bay, a distance of 73 miles, on Monday, to attend the meeting which was held at Port Adelaide in the evening. On Monday the steamer Eleanor left the wharf about half past 12 with the passengers and friends, numbering about 200, for the ship The Murray. After a pleasant trip down the river, of an hour-and-a half's duration, The Murray was boarded and a cold collation was provided by Captain Legoe. After luncheon' the health of Captain Legoe, and a speedy passage to the Murray, was proposed by the Hon. Gh C. Hawker, after which the health of Mr. Smart, the chief officer, was proposed. Captain Legoe responded in a few appropriate remarks on behalf of himself, Mrs. Legoe, and Mr. Smart, and three cheers were given for each, when the friends returned to the steamer, and reached the Port at 5 p.m., all well pleased with their trip. A deputation of the Port Adelaide Young Men's Association, consisting of Messrs. Eullarton, Webb, and Hopkins, met their President (the Eev. 0. Marry at) on Monday morning in the Magistrate's private room adjoining the Oourt-House, Port Ade laide, and presented him with the appended address, accompanied by a very handsome inkstand, com posed of an emu's egg set in and mounted with silver:— "To the Rev. C. Marryat, President of the Port Adelaide Young Men's Association. " Reverend and Dear Sir—We the undersigned members of the above Association cannot allow you to leave the colony, even for the short time you contemplate, without taking a hearty farewell of you. "The Sooiety which we compose owes its formation and present condition to your exertions alone. Your constant attention and untiring zeal has been, we are satisfied, most beneficial, and we doubt not but that muoh good will result from your efforts on our behalf. " On your return we venture to express the hope that you will find us increased in numbers, improved in information, and earnest in the pursuit of the end for which you formed the Society. "Many wish you a safe journey and speedy return; but none can more earnestly hope for your welfare, or more heartily hail your arrival in South Australia than the mem bers of the Port Adelaide Young Men's Association." [Signed by the whole of the members. ] Dr. Duncan then stepped forward and presented the following address from the office bearers, on behalf of the congregation of St, Paul's Church, Port Adelaide, of which the rev. gentleman is pastor :— "To the Rev. Canon Marryat, M.A., of St. Paul's Church, Port Adelaide, and late of St. Margaret's, Woodvllle. " Reverend and Dear Sir—On the eve of your departure for a short visit to England we are desirous, in the name of the congregation which we represent, to wish you a pleasant voyage and a happy meeting with that part of your family from which you have been so long separated, and to assure you that we shall look forward to your return with the greatest pleasure. "May the gracious providence of Almighty God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Gh.ost, be with you, and in crease your happiness, to guide you through every difficulty, and to protect you from every danger. Amen." ... [Signed by the several office bearers, on behalf of the congregation.] Dr. Duncan took occasion at the satue time to pre sent Mrs. Marryat with an exceedingly chaste epergne, set in and mounted with silver; also a card case. The Society of Arts' Exhibition was opened for the first time free of charge on Saturday, and was visited by 332 adults and 163 children. The distribution of prizes takes place on Tuesday evening, January 17. The Western Morning News (Plymouth paper) of November 22 has the following paragraph :—" On Monday morning, about 6 o'clock, a large party of emigrants went from Penzance by the West Cornwall Railway. They consisted of miners and their families, chiefly from the Marazion mining district, and num bered in all about 150 persons. The party were en route to Plymouth to embark in the ship Queen Bee, which will shortly sail for Adelaide, South Australia. The whole of them have received free or assisted pas sages under the Government system of emigration, and we believe they are going to work on the exten sive copper mines in South Australia. There waB a very exciting and interesting scene in the station before the departure of the train, and many affecting leave-takings were made." The Manager of Waterworks notifies that the water will be shut off to-morrow afternoon, at 2 o'clock p.m., for an hour or two. 