THEATRICAL. The Metropolitan Stage. Dear Bell, —The Christy Minstrels aro enjoying a successful career at the Hay market, and tho diversified entertainment they present contains something to please everybody ; sentimental ballads tor the love lorn, operatic selections for thoso who Jaffect tho lyric drama, comie songs for the votaries of mirth, comic dances for the lovers of the grotesque, instrumental S0I03 for amateur musicians, and a local burlesque; in which' Neapolitan history and colonial politics, Fcnella and the Eastern Market, Mount Vesuvius and tho great haul of pilchards, and other personages, localities, and events are in.tjrfused and amalgamated wif£ -a proper disregard d the unities an£ a'dUe consideration for nljswrd effecw As a matter o! course the Neapolitans are all black. The leader of the insurrection is represented by Mr. Collins, who is ultimately invested with the royal robes, and with a crown which must be Been to bo appreciated ; mounted on a donkey, suitably caparisoned, conducted in triumph round the stage, and poisoned by a tankard of colonial brandy. Ho is restored to life, however, at tho same time that his sister recovers her speech ; Mount Vesuvius testifies its satisfaction by the discharge of a penny squib, and tho happiness of the popu lace of !N aples is expressed in a general break down. The charactor of tho 'she-mute,' who is the occasion — as tho playbills remind you — of tho 'emeute,' is undertaken by Joo Brown, whose pantomimo is really much more graphic and intelligible than that of the last representative of Fenolla upon another stage. Mr. Stanley plays tho part of tho Priueess Elvira with a propor appreciation of her strong-mindedness ; Mr. Harvey is tho Prince Alphonso of the burlesque; and Mr. Herlierte, who is its Pietro, sings ' My sister dear' in a manner which procures him the honour of an encoro. Some of the political allusions touched upon dcbateable ground, and now and then called forth discordant manifesta tions of feeling, and all that I could be oscer- - tained with 'any degree of certainty on tho first night of tho burlesque was that there was a strong party in the audience in favour of Protection, and an equally strong one in favour of Free-trade. But, as a rule, I think, politics have nover nourished on the British stage. Tho theatre has pretty faith fully reflected contemporary morals and manners,' modes of thought and modes of costume, in the mother country ; but except ing that certain passages were seized upon in ' Cato,' and in tho 'Beggar's Opera,' and applauded as being applicable to tho political chiefs or political circumstances of the day ; excepting, also, that a similar direction lias been given, in times of excitement, to various speeches uttered by Shakspero'B characters ; aud excepting tho jocular review of the ovents of the year in pantomimes aud cog nate compositions, the English drama may bo said to be destituto of any political com plexion. In France, on tho contrary, it has been found practicable to write the political history of the nation ' by tho theatro' from 1780 to 1851, and 1 do not know of a more humiliating record of literary apostacy, of histrionlg timc-sorying, and of popular incon sistency, and caprice — rolioved, however, by somo splendid exceptions — than this history affords. Ono of tho earliest acts of the scoundrels who oxerciscd supremo power during tho Reign of: Terror in Paris was to close tho Comedio Franchise, and to imprison its brilliant company. When a nephew of Preville waited upon Collot d'Horbois, to in tercede for them, tho ruffian replied :—' The chiefs of tho Comedio FranjaisQ shall . be guillotined, and tho rest transported.' By tho chiefs ho meant ? Floury, Dazin court, Larivo, Mdlles. Louiso, and Emilio Contat, Millie, llancourt, ^ and Mdllc. Lance. They remained in prison for nearly a' twelvemonth, were sontenced to death on the 1st of July, 17'4, \ivnd ;-iscape.d by almost a miraole. Wliat was the sooret of d'Horbois' malignant animosity to these great artiatoa? He had been an actor himself — a shocking bad one, and had been hissed 'off tho stage at Lyons, and with the envy aud jealousy which characterise » small, base mind, ho thus revenged his own histrionic failure upon the most distinguished members of the profession ! When the theatres opened again, authors and actors rivalled each other in grovelling at the feet of the mob, in ex citing their blood-thirsty instincts, and in pandering to their depraved passions. Even the great M0I6 stooged (or was constrained) torepresent the infamous Marat, as a hero, if not a demigod. A' popular vaudeville of the period was tho 'Chaste Susanna,' founded upon the scriptural story, and one of the songs introduced had for refrain these words ' Olt I e'eat de CAncien Testament !.' In auotUer piece,' tho. Pope was exhibited drunk, and singing ribald songs in company with the cardinals. The title of a third, per formed in 1704, was as follows :—' The Madness of George ; or the opening of tho English Parliament.' Tho insanity of the poor old king was made the subject of cruel buffoonery. London was shown to be in the throes of a revolution ; its population arined with pikes, and headed by Fox, Grey, and Sheridan, who mounted the bonnet rouge. As for the Prince of Wales and William Pitt, they were beheaded in the Tower ; while Georgo the Third, confined in an iron cage, from which ho made frantic efforts to escape, was conducted to Bedlam, followed by Burke, Grenville, and other celebrities, in chains. When they arrived there, Charles James Fox, the genial, jovial Fox, was repre sented as haranguing tho people in these terms: — 'His demented condition may induce us to postpone his execution, but sholud ho recover his reason I 3hall be the first to demand his death. Yes, ho must then die, with the full consciousness of his infamy. Let us all swear it, my friends, let us swear that ho shall perish.' And. they all swore it, accordingly. The piece wound up with the proclamation of a republic by Fox. When the reaction set in in Paris, the playwrights who had previously compared Danton, Robespierre, and tho rest of that sanguinary crow to tho illustrious heroes of classical antiquity, dragged them from their pedestals and exhibiteduiem on the stage in the most revolting or ridiculous characters. One of tho pieces, professing. to reveal the atrocious domgs of the revolutionary com mittees, ran for 200 nights. During the Consulate and tho Empire, tho French dramatists ilattored the vanity and exalted the military renown of Napoleon; and at the Restoration the ,sarno public which had awaraeu uivmo nonours to .Buonaparte, nocked to the theatro when it was visited by the Emperor of Russia and tho King of Prussia, and greeted with acclamation every couplet that exalted tho Bourbons and de graded tho exile at Elba. Two dramatic authors, who had been conspicuous for their devotion to the Imperial cause, now com posed a piece entitled ' The Return of tho Lilies.' Then came the Hundred Days, when the 'Triumph of Trajan' was revived out of compliment to the Emperor ; and then Waterloo, the entry of the Allies into Paris, and the substitution of tho lilies for the violets. I do not think it is generally known, by the way, how tho latter flower became the symbol of tho Buonapartists in France. Whilo Napoleon was at Elba, aud mysterious communications were passing between tho ex-Emperor and his partizans in Paris, it began to be whispered abroad that he would return1 with tho violets; meaning in the spring of the year ; and h'ence his old com rades in arms spoko of him as Pcre la Violeltc, and that flower became tho badge of a party. Once, during the first Restora tion, Mdlle. Mars, who was devotedly aud consistently Napoleonist, appeared with a beautiful bouquet of violets in Tartuffe. It provoked an outburst of angry feeling from the royalists who wore present, ard especially from the members of tho gardes du corps. They insisted upon it that tho queen of the theatre should cry ' Vive le roi /' As she did not appear to yield, the demand increased in violence.' 'I have said it,' replied the courageous actress. 'Wo could not hear you,' was tho rejoinder. ' I ;havo said it,' she asseverated still more firmly ; aud then turning to tho other actors on the scene, she exclaimed, 'Proceed,' and continued the performance. 'Ah!' sho afterwards re marked, 'thereis nothing in common between Mars and the gardes au corps,' and the maliciously clever mot flew from mouth to mouth, and from ono end of Paris to tho other. Sho had been honoured, like Talma, with tho Emperor's highest esteem. At one of tho weekly reviews of tho Imperial Guard in tho courtyard of tho Tuileries, Buona parte's penetrating eye had discovered her among tho crowd of spectators. Without alighting from his horse, ho rode towards her, the throng opening to let him pass, and with a winning smile observed, 'You have come to return tho visits which it has given us. so much, pleasure to pay yon at the Tht-utro Frances.' Such a compliment, from such lips, on such 'an occasion, might well delight Mdlle. Mars, and tho recollection of it was no doubt vivid in her wind when she ob served to a Bister actress who was admiring a magnificent pair of car-rings which had just been presented to Mdllc. Mars by Louis XVUI :— ' It is not tlie oilier. Tho outer wouiu not navo given me tnese. Twenty years later, this matchless actress, whilo playing at tho ThGiltro Frai^ais, was pelted with halfpence by some of the specta tors in an audionce which is at once the most refined and tho most brutal, tho most con siderate, and tho moat cruel in the world. Fortunately sho was not' wounded by the missiles, which hit an aged performer in tho orchestra. As Jules Janin observed at the time:— 'Tho miscreants were probably satisfied. They endeavoured to striko a woman, and they wounded an old man.' It seems but the other day, although it was as far back as 1847, that I read in the Paris papers of tho death of this great actress, who had commenced hor career on the boards in 1703, and who had thus lived through the times of tho Revolution, tho Reign of Terror, the Directory, tho Consulate, tho Empire, the Restoration, the Revolution of 1830, and the reign of Louis Philippe. I have only left myself room to mention that tho ' Ticket-of-Leavo Man' has been reproduced ut tho Theatre Royal ; that Mr. Fitzgerald's James Dalton throws tho other characters of the drama into tho shade ; and that Mrs. Woolridgo's delivery of tho voluble, incoherent, and Mrs. Lirriper-liko language assigned to Mrs. Willoughby is excellent. Jl. and Madame Simonson will give a series of concerts (next week,. to which! invito the attention of all lovers of musical art — Yours, etc., OLIVER SURFACE. Provincial. Ballaabat. — An amateur performauco was announced for last night in aid of tho funds of tho Western Firo Brigade. Bendioo. — Mr. O'Neil and Mr. Jas. Simmonds, together with the Haymavket dramatic company, aro still playing at tlie Lyceum Theatre to moderate houses. Womb well's Australian Menagerio is at present in Sandhurst. This exhibition contains a number of animals, among which are a lion and lioness and an English fox. A daring individual, styling himself tho lion king, Fernandez, enters the cago of the lions, and performs various feats in a very sensational manner, and to his serious risk. ? Geelong.— Wo ' clip tho following from Tuesday's 'Advertiser ': — 'The attondanco at tho theatro last evening was good, but not bo good as Messrs. Hoskins and varloy deserve, as thoy have been at grout expense both in engaging a really good company,' and also in making great improvements in tho stage rind scenery. The performances commenced last evening with the oponytio drama of tho 'Child of tho Rogiment,' which' gavo Lady Don, as Josephine, amplo opportunities for displaying her lino acting and nlBo hor vocal powers. Tho burlosquo of 'Orpheus and Envyaico1 was tho afterpiece, and was put on 'tho stage in a most creditable manner. Tho' final 'scene was superior to any thathos .boeiv.seen in Geelong for somo time. As Orpheus, Lady Don again succeeded in bringing down tho house, and Misa A. M. Quin, as Eurydice, received a hearty welcome. The character of Proserpine. was most ably sustained by Mrs. South, ana Mr. W; Hill kept the house in a roar of laughter by his impersonation' of Clotilda, the nurse. Some complaints were made last night of the rise in tho prices, but as the management have beenat groat ex pense, it is only fair that they should be re munerated.' / 'V.' ' '?.',:.' i;.1.. : : Colonial. Adelaide. — The Xyster Opera troupe are drawing crowded houses at the Victoria Theatre.' Burton's Circus, with the Lentons, are 'doing' tho provinces. Auckland. — The Leopold family and the brothers Wieland concluded their engage ment at Auckland, 30th September. The Wizard Jacobs was announced to open at tho Prince of Wales Theatro on the Ctb October, vice the Christy Minstrels. ? BRI8BANK. — From the Guardian of 3rd October wo clip tho following : — ' A. full house last evening rewarded the exertions of tho excellent company now playing at our theatre. A judicious alteration has been made in the removal of tho box and stall seats to the front of 'the house, and tho pit to tho raised scats at the back, and to this arrangement, perhaps, tho improved attend ance is in part to be attributed. The per formances last evening consisted of the play of ' Charles XIL ,' followed by the Miserere act of ' II Trovatore,1 and concluded with the capital farce of ' Slasher and Crasher.' ' CnnisTCiitmcii. — The Canterbury Standard of 'the 22nd ult writes: — 'Foley's circus, after a lengthened and most successful tour in the Nortli Island, has returned to Can terbury. Mr. Foley brines several novelties in tho shape of perforrningdogsandmonkeys,and a stronger company than before. He will give his first performance in Christchurch on Monday evening next.' Dunkdix. — There' is nothing now in tho theatrical world of Dunedin. Miss Julia Mathews is still the reigning star at the Pr:nces3's Theatre, supported by Messrs. John Dunn, J. L. Hall, and K. B. Dale, Miss Marian Dunn, etc. Tho latest pro duction has beon the 'Octoroon,' Miss Julia Mathews playing Zoo. Svdkkv. — We abridge from the Herald of Saturday : — 'The performance of ' Hamlet,' by a lady, to a certain extent precludes favourable criticism. Mrs. Charles Poolc performed the character well — for a womau ! but we cannot say that tho performance was a successful one beyond the fact that it attracted largo audiences on Monday and Thursday evenings ; comparison with actors who have appeared in the part is out of tho question — the public, no doubt, take the effort as a novel and daring attempt to create a new sensation in dramatic impersona tion. Tho cast included Mr. Barry as the Ghost, Mr. Bartlett as Osric, Mr. Vinson as Polonius, Mr. Rayner as Laertes, Sir. Bnr ford as Claudius, Mr. Andrews as the Grave digger, Miss Kate Wardo as Ophelia, and Mrs. Charles Jones as the Queen. The Leo pold family have been encaged to play for a month at tho Prince of Wales. At tho Vic toria Theatre Miss Cleveland has been per forming in several of her best characters, supported by Mr. Charles Vincent, Mr. Byers, Mr. Carter, and Miss Julia Hudson. The extravaganza of ' Ill-Treated II Trova tore' followed, in which Miss Harriet Gordon re-appeared. The densely crowded audience which visited the School of Arts last eveu ing, when Mr. and Mrs. George Case gave their farewell evening entertainment (prior to their departure for New Zealand), was a fitting testimony of the high estimation formed of the pleasing and clever performances of thoso talented artists.' Miscellaneous. The Lasjcashike Bkllringers are now performing in Sydney. 