I THE AUCKLAND ISLANDS. . Under tho title, '".Cast away on tho Ai land Islands," there has been published, Melbourne, a narrative of tho wreck of Grafton, and of tho escapo of the crow, c piled from Captain Musgrave's journal J. J. Shillinglaw, Esq., F.R.Gr.S. Tho ra facts of tho wreck of this vessel, and sufferings and escape of her commander i crow, aro familiar to our readers, and th< fore need not bo repeated hore; but somi tho particulars havo not before been p lishcd,,and those in particular whioh rolaü the rescue by Captain Musgrave, in tho Fly Scud, of tho two men ho left behind at Aucklands, when he made his advontur voyage, of. about 300 miles in a dingy to N 'Zealand. It was on this occasion, it will remembered, that tho smoke waB seen wh was the principal reason for tho color authorities agreeing to join in despatch: the colonial war-steamer Victoria to i Aucklands, from which place her return now daily expected. Under dato Invercargill, July 28, Capt Musgrave says : A vessel was this day chartered to ga down to island, which vessel happens to bo tho Flying Sc ownod and sailed by Captain Cross, who kindly on fained us at Stownrt Island, and brought us hero in raid Flying Scud ; and a sufficient quantity of pn sions for tho trip was colleotcd, either by woy* of s scriptions or purchase, and it wos considered'by th most iitjrestcd in tho offnir incumbent., on mo. accompany Captain Cross, eo as from my knowla of tho placo to be in some measure a guarantee, tho safoty of tho vessel, ns she is not insured, this I did not object, much as my heart yearned return at once to my deserted family, for my_ Ci scionco tolls mo that this littlo ¡islf-donial is jue duo tD all parties; and I humbly pray that may havo a safo and succoisful voyngo and ;spc< return, when I may cousider that I havo fully < charged my duty. On August 23rd they reached their death tion : At ll o.m. wo mado tho land, and as tho woatl was so thick wo wore, obligod to' stand' closo in bof wo could maka out which part of tho islands it w lt proved to bo tho islands at tho north end of I group. Wo then saw a lino of breakers to lcoward us, stretching out from tho land further than wo coi see; thoso aro tho roofs which I have mentioned in i journal while down hero. Wo at once hauled oft a stood at about ton miles from tho land boforo wp f suro that wo woro clear of them, and then wont throu a heavy tido race, whioh broko on borrd in. all din lions. These reefs aro very ugly dangers,' a cannot bo too carefully avoided until surveyed. Afi clearing th eso dangerous reefs wo hauled in again, ai sailed down closo along tho shore ; and on tho sido ono of tho mountains, about eight miles north of t en (ra nco of " our harbour, ' wo saw, or thought i saw, smoke. Captain Cross and the others wore pa tivo that it was smoko, but 1 was not so suro of although I think it quito probablo that my two m may havo been up tboro and sot fire to tho grass ; tb wo shall ascertain when wo reach them. At lpn. i Mitered the heads of tho desired harbour, and tho win which whilo wo wcro running along shore was blowii a strong double roof bvcozo, drew down tho sound wi' great ffry, and wo felt doubtful whether wo would ' ablo to beat up against it or not; howovcr wo hauli her up to it, standing by tho halyards and loweri! away everything in sorao of the squalls, which wbu otherwise havo capsized her, or blown away tho canvn we thrashed her up, and nobly did tho littlo craft < her work. Sho was frequently down, hatches in tl water, whilo tho spray Hew iii clouds over tho mas head, smothering nnd ncnrly blinding us all ; it wi quilas much ns I could do to'keep my oyes clej onough to penotrato tho darkness and fog, so ns to kee her off tho shore and find tho woy up, and ns wo at vani"3d up tho sound tho gnlo kept increasing, whic caused tho greatest anxiety ; for had wonotbeen ablo i boat up, in all probability we should havo been blow away ta tho eastward, and perhaps not been ablo 1 reach tho island again at all. But Frovidonca favouro us, and two hours ago-nt 8 p.m.-wo brought th bravo littlo vessel to on anchor in tho smooth "ur ruffled waters of "Camp Covo," from which placo sailed on this very day flvo weeks ago. How vcr different aro my feelings ta then 1 It is now blowing living {ralofrom N.W. : had wo been ono hourlntoi wo cjuld not possibly havo bent up. Now tho groatos part of my anxioty is over; but I fear it will bo tw or three days boforo wo cnn got up to whore tho mo; aro. Barometer 20'50. Thursday, August 24.-Wo woro up nnd on shoro a soon as it was daylight this morning, and to my gren surprise tho tont which wo had loft standing, and mau; things which wo had loft about, had all disappeared' it was evident that tho men lind bcon down hore, bu what moans thoy had employed in taking tho thing away I could not conjecture, unless thoy had con struotod a raft for tho purpose .Wo walked across¡tln neck ta tho back of Masked Island, where ' wo founi further evidence of their having come down on a raf -half a tent hanging to a Iroo, nnd a rudoly con struotod oar and mast. Fortunately these latter won placed abovo high-water mark, or I sheuk at onco havo concluded that thoy had bcei washed off tho raft, and that tho poor followi had been drowned. Wo thon went back to tl« cutter, had breakfast, and wont round to Masked Island in tho boat so ns to havo n look up tho harbour, which woB whito with foam, and showed tho impossibility ol getting up nt present. Wo found two 6oaIs on shore I and killed thom-a cow and a calf-put thom in thc boat, and went on board to dinner. It was very showpry in tho forenoon, but at noon tho showers took off, and ot threo p.m. tho wind moderated n littlo, and wo nt onco got under way, and undor doubla roofed I canvas boat up to our old house, and as wo did cot como in sight of it until within about a milo from it, tho boys did not seo us until wo woro closo upon thom. Thon tlio ono who saw us ran into tho house to tell tho other, and boforo they reached tho beach Captain Cross and myself had landed, leaving tho cuttor" under; way, ns there was too much wind and. sea. to anchor her. * Ono of thom, tho cook, on scoing mo turned as palo ns a ghost, and staggered up to a post, against which ho leaned for support, for ho was ovidently on thc point of fainting; whilo tho other, George, seized my hand in both of his nnd gavo my arm a Bovero shaking, crying, " Captain Musgrave, how aro yo, how aro yo?" apparently unable lo say anything oise. Tho excitement of tho moment over, I hurried thom off to got anything they might want to toko on board with thom for tho presont, for it was now getting dark, and . wo wnntod to got back to tho covo as soon as possible ; thodistanco is éovon miles. In a very fow minutes wo woro nil on board tho Flying ' Scud, and off before tho wind down tho harbour again, and reached thoanchorogo in Camp Covo at half-past 0\. Immediately after anchoring wo had supper, which consisted of fleh and potatoes, toa, and bread and butter, and which tho two poor follows sot about with I such a zest as I havo soldom Been exhibited over a meal. 1 My first meal in Port Adventure boro no comparison to this of theirs (although 1 had boon flvo days without food), and I did ample justico to it. Thoy toll mo that thoy havo boen very much pinched for food Binco I loft thom, and on ono occasion thoy woro oblhrcd to catch mico and eat thora. Moreover, it appears that thoy could not ngreo, and .strango ns . it may BOOIU, although there, Was only tho two . of thom on tho island, they wore on tho point of separating and living apart! Snow has boon two foot thick. Thoy toll mo that thoy havo mot boon on tho mountains since I left thom ; thoroforo if it was smoko which wo saw tho othor day, (hero must bo somo othor unfortunates on tho island, nnd it is our intention to run along tho shore as wo go back, and endeavour to find out whothor there is any onoolso on tho island or not. IO p.m.-Baromotor 20-50; weathor dark aud misty; wind N.W., inolinod to moderate. 1 _ Fridny, August 25,1805.-At midnight Inst night it foll calm, and about an hour boforo tho brook of day wo un anchor and pulled tho cuttor un to Epig. waitt. This is tho namo wo gavo to tho placo wnero our houso stands, and whore tho Grafton was wrecked. It is an Indian word, and means "a home by tho wnvo," or " a dwelling by tho water.'' In naming it we all chosa a name, wroto it on a slip of papor, folded thom all up nliko, placed them in a bag and shook them up; thou, ono man put in his hand and drew out a slip which waa to havo on it tho nnmo llwt wo wore to givo to tho placo i Epigwaítt-which was mino-carno out. Wo were about four hours in gotling up there My boys piókodup what things -thoy wanted, and,r Captain Cross also took anything that ho could pick up that might bo of any service to him, and wo started off again from tho cove, whorowo anchorod about 5 p.m. Wo lad a light «ir from tho westward to como < down with. I furnished! my boys with pipes and tobacco, and gave tho clothing which was sont down for thom, with- which thoy¡wore highly delighted, and, liko myself, I think thoy can npprooiato the''kindness of thosa ,who ecnt tiioru ; but I (lad on opening tho parcels' that thcro were no shirts; and as I know that I ordered two crimeans, I am sorry tlioy havo omitted sending thom, for they aro very much in need of thom. I have now got ono great burthen off ray mind, but a gigantio sourco of un- easiness yet ' romains-my wife and family. God grant that it may ba speedily removed, and that I may. soon onjoy thoir society again, and ones inoro Iroatho. tho air of civilisation,'' from which I havo' now so long b:on oxiled. Tho men had constructed a raft with four empty casks, and como down and taken away everythiip; that wo had left, amongst which was an oar, which thoy substituted for the one,that I found yesterday; tho mast, thoy had loft as it was calm, and thoy hail no uso for it, and tho half seal (hoy could not very well carry, and thoy happened -to- havo a good ítoók at homo at tho timo. Barometer 20.50 . . After, relating tho finding of tho hut and the dead body of a man-as related in the Empire two or three weeks sinco-Captain Musgrave gives somo very interesting particulars respect- ing tho amphibious inhabitants of these soli- tary islands. Some of tho facts stated will probably be new to our readers. This part of Captain Musgrave's account, wo learn, was originally written in seal's blood, as wore most of his journals: It ia universally understood that tho seal ja an amphibious animal, ¿"Icopinsr and frequently basking in "the sun on shoro, and finding and eating thoir food entirely in tho'watar.' Four flippers'on tho underneath kilo (on which ibero is no fur, but a hard black skin), only sufficiently long to raiso them so that their bolly is clear of tho ground, servo tho purposo of logs cud feet when on shoro, and as prppollors whon in tho water. They aro clad with fur, which varies very much iu foxturo and value. Thoy aro considerably sought after, both for their für, and tho skins of some species, which make a very superior leather ; i.nd thoy also yield a considerable quantity of valuablooi). Tho females aro of a groy, golden bluff, or beautiful silver colour, and sometimes spotted like tho leopard, and aro called tiger seals. Their fur is about an inch long,. not- very soft, but very thick, andparticttlarly sleek and' smooth. Their noso resembles that of tho dog, but is somewhat broader ; their scent appears to bo very acuta.. Tho oyes aro largo, of a green colour, watery and lustreless ; when on 6horo thoy. appear to , bo constantly weeping. .1 havo heard scalers say that tlioy havo a vory sharp oyo, and em seo a great distance ; but :I f beg Icavo to correct thoso who aro of that ' opinion, for I havo ovory reason to boliove, and am fully convinced that such is not tho i caso ; but on tho contrary, thoir oyo is not sharp, neither ' can thoy seo far whon on shore, but as I havo already noticed, their sonso of smoll is very keen ; ;n ibo water -for which clement chiefly their oyo is evidently formed-I havo no doubt but thoy seo woll Tho ears ore particularly small, tapering, and aro curled in such a manner as to cxoludo wat» ; and their senso of hear- ing is not very neut J. Tho mouth, which is prodiui oualy largo, is furnished with teeth, four of which (tho cau'no teeth) aro an immense size. I havo seen ono of theso measuring 3$ inches long by 04 in circumference at the base. On tho upper lip, on each sido, are thirty bristles (thoy seldom deviate from this numbor) of a hard horny nature and resembling tortoiseshell in ap- pearance, from six to eight inches long, gradually da-, creasing as they approach tho noso to 3& or 2 inches in J longtb, and tho regularity willi which thoso bristles aro arranged is strikingly admirable. Tho fomnlos'nnd young souls generally romain in tho bays, and thoy appear to select bays which havo wooded I shores, moat probably for sako of tho shelter which they ! nnd tho long, conreo, dried giris afford, and whioh, most likely, thoy and thoir young rrquiro in thoso tem- pestuous regions, where only thoy oro to bo found ; whilst during tho greater part of tho your tho males, which co natur'ly much moro hardy, romain out- side, and fish amongst tho rooks along tho sen coasts, wbcro, judging from thoir condition whon thoy como in, thoy faro by far tho host. I Tho males or (as wo sa'lors rall thom) tho bulls (although 1 boliovo thoy aro commonly designated doga and bitches)-ero uniformly of a ílaclish groy colour. Oné' o£-tt medium sizo will measure about six fcot'from noso to tail (whichlatter is about threo inches, long), and ab>ut six or sovon feet in circumference, and' weigh about 5 cw*. They by far exceed thoso dimen- sions ; I have scon ono seal produce forty gallons of oil. Tho fur and skin are superior io thoso of: tho fomale, being much thicker ; and thc former finer from i tho shoulder backwards, though not so nrotty. On-tho n?sk and shoulders ho has a .thicker, longer, and much coarser coat of fur, wb'ch may almost bo termed bristles: /tis from.thrco t> four inches long, and can bo ruffled up and mado to stand erect at will, whioh ie always done when thoy attack) each other on shore, or aro surprised ; sitting as a dog would do, with thoir head erect and lookihpt towards tho object of thoir surpriso, and in this attitudo thoy havo all tho appear ance of n lion ; and adding tho enormous teeth a'rondy described, which thoy invariably display on theso occasions, gives thom (in npparancc) all tho ferocity and formidableness whioh. thoir name scorns to imply. Thoy begin to como into tho bays in tho month of October (in the southern homisphoro), and romain until tho latter ond of February, each ono selecting and taking up his own partiiular beat in a great measure ; but sometimes thcro aro sorcral about the samo place, jn which caso thoy fight most furiously, nover coming in contact with eaóh other (cither in or out of tho water) without engaging in tho most desperate combat, tearing largo pieces'of skin and flesh from each other; their skins aro always full of wounds and scars, winch, however, appear 11 heal very quickly. From INovombor until tho beginning of February thoy Ho in tho sun a great deal, gonerally selecting n Band or shingle- bondi to land and Ho upon, and ard easily killed during this season, for thoy frequently, when ia tho water, on Bcelng a man on shoro, will land and cliargo him, or rathol" ehaso him if ho will rim away ; but on faoing tho seal ho will gonerally stand, whon tho man must go vory quietly up to him and Lill him; but, sometimes, on tho man facing him, ho will retreat quickly into tho water. Anothor modo of getting thom on shore, which during this season nover fails, is to retire into tho bush out of their Bight, nnd imitnto thc lowing of a cow, whioh is tho natural cry of tho foinalo seal. To kill thom it is usual to striko thom on tho noso with n woodon club, nnd, if-hit on the proper place, a very slight blow stuns thom, whon thoy must at onco bo stuck. This raothod of killing thom is quito proper whon thoy cnn bo talion whilst nslcop ; but whon thoy aro not plentiful, and it is necessary to got thom un out of tho water in tho mnn nor described, tho surest plan is to put a ball into thoir hoad, boforo moving towards thom ¡ (hon po up, give thom a blow with a club,and stick them; for if they escapo ofter getting a blow thoy will not bo got out of tho wator in tho samo manaor a second timo, and it makes tho others shy also. Although they aro so fero- cious amongst themselves, and so formidablo in appear- ance, when attacked by mnn thoy will, as a general rulo, escapo into tho wahr if possiblo ; yot iu striking them it ia necessary to inako euro of tho blow, otherwiso thoy aro very likoly to got holt} of tho party attacking them, in which case ho will not escapo without, at least, broken bonoB, . It requires somo nerve lo faco theso monsteis, which ¡sonly acquired by practice Having1 treated pretty fully on tho ohnraotor and habits of tho males, or bulls, wo must now turn our attention to tho females, or cows, which aro pro portionntoly emnllcr and much moro timid than tho bulls ; thoy will scarcely in any caso confront a man ; but Uko tho bulls, if not knockod down by tho first blow, will enan and break anything thnt happens to gotbotween thoir powerful nnd_ capacious jaws. Their appearance I have already described. In" tho latter part of December, nnd during tho wholo of January, they aro on Bhoro n great deal, amigo wandoring separately through tho bush (or woods) and into tho long grass on tho sides of tho moun- tains abovo tho bush, constantly bellowing out in tho most dismal maimer. They aro undoubtedly looking for n placo suitable for calving in ; I havo known them to go to a distance of moro than a milo from tho water for this purpose. Thoir voice is exceedingly powerful, and in calm weather may bo heard to tho almost incredible distanco of four and a half or fivo miles. Why they hollow so much boforo calving I nm senrcoly ablo to j migo; -but of tor that ovent, which doos not toko placo until nflor tho first of February,* it is un- doubtedly to coll their young, whioh thoy generally got into tho water a £ow days after thoy aro born, and * Tiley Imvo ont.- ouo cn'f ut a UliUi. assemble them in grout numbers nt ioinq,, north plaep, sclosting such places ns a small. ¡6lond. or : of-land with â nairów junction";'"thii.no- doubt,! vents .thom', from . getting ".Btrauglod n «nd lost, as thoy do sometimes in thc b whilo, in th oso ' places, they cannot woll got away without going into tho water, to wi , whon very young, they havu a groat antipathy. ! Tho roeansomployed by tho cow of guttiiu her ya into tho water for tho first limo, and laking it to a j of safety, is, when, witnessed, highly amusing. . It might be supposed that theso animals,-oven w young, would readily go into tho water «that bi ' ono of their natural instincts, but, strange to say, £ is not.tho caso ; it is only with tho greatest diflicu and a wonderful display of patience, that tho moy succeeds in getting her young" in for tho first ti I bave known n" cow tb' bo thro J day's getting her down hnlf-a-milo,- and into tho water; what is most surprising of all," it cannot swim w it is in tho water; this'is tho most nmusing fi tho mother gets it on to her back, and swims al t very gently on tho top of tho water ; but tho j littlo thing is-bleating all tho limo, and continu: falling from its ßlippory position, when it "will splu a'joutin tho water precisely liko a^littlo boy who | boyond his depth mid cannot swim' Thon:tho mot gets underneath it, and it"again gots on to her b: Thus tiny, go on, tho mother frequently giving angry bellow, tho young ono constantly blenting i crying, frequently-falling off spluttering, nnd j;etl on again ; very often getting n slap, from tho flippe tho ino thor, mid sometimes tOio «i ves i t.a vorycruel t Tho ,' poor littlo animals are very often E with their skins pierced and lacerated in tho n frightful-manner. In this manner thoy go on u they have mado their passage to whatovor placo wishes to tnko tho young ono lo ; sometimes thoy very numoroua at theso places, . their nurribors bo daily nusmented-until tho latter end of March. Il tho young remain without going . into tho water ng for, perhaps, a month, whon tliey will begin to go ir their own accord ; but at first thoy will only play nb tho edge, venturing further by degrees; and ui they aro . thrco months old, if surprised tho Water, thoy will immediately run shore and ludo themselves, but thoy alw; kcop thoir hoads out, and their oyes fixed on tho pa who has surprised.thom, imploring mercy .in tho in eloquent lauguago that can bo communicated, by th organs. During tho months of February, March, and Ap tho cows aro on shore tho greater part of tho time,'a lay in tho bush in mobs of from twelvo to twenty toj ther nt tho places where their calves nro nssombl They do not appear lo havo any particular timo : going into the water to feed; nnd they allow th young lo suck whenever they pleaso, and when th aro satisfied thoy immediately leave tho cows nnd pl in small groups, at somo dislanco from tho old on Tho mothers nppcar to take scarcely any not whatever of their young, which, added to t fnet of their being so cruelly bitten son limes, as already noticed, lod mo at ono timo to thi that thoy had no natural affection for thom. Th however, I found was quite a mistnkon idea. Ono i stanco carno especially under my notico of a cow whe calf had been killed and taken away from her, roami about thc placo whore sha lost it, incessantly bellowii and without going into tho water-consequently goi: without food for oiuht dnys. After the lirst fow dn her volco gradually becamo weaker, and nt last con scarcely bo heard. I mado sure that eho was dyir Sho survived it, howovor, and on tho eighth day we into tho water ; but for moro than a month nfturwar sho paid a daily visit to tho spot, hollowing in tho mc doleful manner. I havo cited this caso, which is n an isolated one. It may bo considered as tho rule, n nn exception. Before they havo their calves, or from thobeginnii of January, tho rows lio sometimes in small mobs tho sun, as well ns whilo giving suck, and there generally ono or two bulls in each mob; tho hatti leavo tho bays after tho beginning of April. Tho cov aro ovidently by far tho most numerous; they bog: to breed when twa years old, and havo a calf whe throo years old ; thoy carry their calves cloven month Their tents aro four in number, and nro placed on tl bolly about cqui-distant from each other and tl: flippers; tho mpplo (excepting when in tho mouth1 t tho young seal) recedes inwards, leaving nothing vis bio envo nsmnll black spot; thus thoro is nothing t obstructor impedo thom whon in tho water. Tho tor is about as big as a ? person's littlo ? finger from th middle joint to tho . end. L Tho tbnguoof this seal is split, or rather has a note' in tho ond, about nn inch deep, leaving n point on cad tho only ufility of which appears ta" bb that of press iuç out tho toot when they are sucking. .When tho young Boals aro about thrco months ol they leavo off sucking, and, with tho cows, leavo th places whore thoy woro suckled ; and now nil tho seal keon in the water nearly altogether in tho daytime, on in tlio night they nro on shore. Thoy do riot nppcar t chooso any particular placo for sleeping in, further thai taking Bhcltcr in tho bush, or in tho long grass close t tho water; thoy do not-go-far from tho water, am sleep in small mobs of six or oight togother; nove going on shore until after dark, and going into th water again at tho very peep of day ; sometimos tb samo mob will sleop in tho sama placo for severa nights in succession, if thoy aro not disturbed ; it ma; bo thus ascertained where they are to be found. _ About this timo (i.o., May), or shortly after begin ning to breed, tho cows aro very much troubled witt vomiting, when small pebbles aro often disgorged, which oro very lilcoly snapped up whon catching fish on tho bottom, nnd would at, any othei timo hnvo been digested. I havo piclcod ur n number of very remarkablo littlo stones (il they aro stones, for I have not as vet boen ablo to ascer- tain) which havo been brought up from tho deop ir this manner. On ono occasion I found n doposit ol these curiosities six and a half feet below tho sur- face of tho earth-or, mora strictly speaking, tho decayed vogotnblo matter of which tho placo was com- posed ; nnd somo bf them aro particularly curious mid pretty. And supposing that tho accumulation of this decomposed vogotnblo matter is half tho sixteenth of an ¡noll (which is Bonrcoly possible) every yenr, it is moro than twothoiuand flvo hundred years sinco they wore brought up from the sea, and vomited there by a sea lioness. I would describo somo of them, but as tho mattor is foreign to my subject I will nt onco return to it I nm inclined to think t)int theso, seals prey moro upon small fish than lnrgoones, and thoy very frequontly cat crabs and mussels, and thoy will somotimcs seize upon birds, such ns tho widgeon and duck ; but thoy do not prov upon each othor, neither will thoy cat any- thing that thoy find dead. Their greatest speed in tiio water docs not exceed twenty milos an hour ; and whon coing through tho wu tor at tho hoight of thoir speed thoy havo tho extraordinary power of stopping thomsplvos instantaneously. Somotimcs, whon any- thing surprises them, as n boat for instance thoy will como towards it at. tho. top of thoir speed, and whon within perhaps a yard of it thoy will; without tho slightest diminution of velocity, riso thoir head and half their body out of tho water, nnd at onco become ns motionless ns a statue I havo known bulls to attack a boat, but this is notn frcquont occurronco. When thoy aro on shore thoy can run Burprisingty fast; on a hard, smooth hench thoy pan run nearly ns fast as a man, and in tho hush, or long grass, thoy can got niora* much faster. Thoy can also climb up rocky cliffs arid Bteop clippory bnnks which would bo inna: cos8¡blo to man, and very_ often thoy fall backwards down theso places and bruits thomsofvrs cavcruly. In conolusion, 1 must observo that - tho nbovo notes hnvo boen deduced from oxporienco pained entirely in tho southern homisphoro, in Intitudo about Cl degrees S. But I hnvo not tho least doubt that my remarks may bc nppliod to tho samo species of seal in tlio northern homisphoro in tlio corresponding Boa sons. Perhaps fow persons hnvo lind so good nn oppor- tunity of observing tho habits of thia animal ns myself ; ns I had during tho prosecution of a voyngo to tho Southern Ocean (partly for Bealing purposes) tho misfortune) to bo shipwrecked, and loft upon ono of those desolated islands for a period of twonty months, and our food during that limo consisted almost entirely of scab' flesh ; nnd I may add, that that of tho suck- ling, which is tho best, is fur from hoing unpaintable ; and if it could bo had with tho nocossary accompani- ment of meat, it might bo mado a most dolioious dish. _ It will bo obvious from a perusal of thcao observa- tions that tho months of February, Mareil, and April aro tho best suited for sealing purposes. May nnd Juno nro nlso good months ; but tho wholo bus! HOBS of tho dny's killing must bo dono nt tho vcrv dawn of dny, BO Hint it is nocesssary to know where different mobB oro encamped, and a party of mon must bo nt tho pince where ouch mob !B to bo attacked at tho poep of cloy, ns thoy uonrly all go ¡uto tho water within a low minutes of thc samo time. To tho work, which is woll printed, is pre- fixed, a map or sketch of tho Auckland Islands, and an introduction by tho Editor. From ils small price-only two shillings-nnd tho interest attached to tho subject, thc book will no doubt. hnvc a Iorgo salo in Sydney, whore Captain Musgrave's wife and family reside, aud to which place tho husband and father will, it is to' bo hoped, bo able soon to i-oturn. For it is remarkable, that although Captain Musgrave himself es- caped from his captivity at tho Aucklands, so long ago as tho middle of July last, ho has since been so fully occupied in attending to the claims of humanity in rescuing others, that he has been unable to visit-Sydney, or to seo his wifo and children. As tho return of tho Victoria may now bo daily oxpeoted, wo may fairly hopo that his trials, and tho anxie- ties of thóso who so eagerly await ;his- return, aro now almost at an end. For tho safety of Captain Musgrave's unfor- tunate'companions in his long sojourn nt tho Aucklands, vory serious fears arc now begin- ning to bo entertained. They loft Invercargill nearly seven weeks sinco in a vessol called the Swordfish, and havo never sinco been heard of. That somo fresh disaster lias overtaken them, is almost certain ; and although thcro is still some hope of their being heard of, it is-Maily growing fainter and moro remote. Let us hope that the power which'watched over them in their long exile, will at length restore them to their families and friends. 