GAWLER MUSICAL SOCIETY'S ENTERTAINMENT. Tnis praiseworthy society, (which culti vates music with the double intent of occupying rationally the leisure moments of life, and lending its art aud aid to pro mote objects of a benevolent and .philan thropic nature.) having had their help solicited by the Storekeepers Assistants' Association, at once res-ponded to the call, and announced a programme of a vocal entertainment, in aid of the Associa tions* funds, which drew together a large and respectable audience at the Odd fellows' Hall, Murray -street, on Wcdncs dav evening, Walter Dufllcld Esq., M.P., having obligingly accepted the invitation to preside on the occasion. Mr. DrFFiixn in making a few observations before the business of Ihc meeting commenced, said it was not the first time the Gawier Musical Society had appeared before them. They were always read}- to assist any other society in Gawlcr, aud he might say that the ?present entertainment was not for any pecuniary benefit to themselves, as he ! believed the proceeds 'went towards the Assistants' Storekeepers Association, that Association having gone to consider able expense in publishing the holidays which their employers had. conceded to them. After a few remarks on the advantages of such Institutions, he hoped the young men of Gawler would j take advantage of the leisure hours grauted them, by improving and cultiva ting tneir minds. \- The musical performances then com menced with that fine old piece of Bishop's, 'The Chough and Crow to roost are gone,' by Messrs. Wright, Livesey, and Fillsell, and -which with the chorus was well given, making a due allowance for the natural diffidence of amateurs dealing with their openitg piece. .Mr. Benson's 'Arm! South Austra lians, arm!' followed, and was creditably executed, though somewhat wanting in HV1 1 \^m ?*- 11V «- UUi la.t-3 V* «IO 11V/HU* \JL ZlVPUKl* but as thin piece was only in the hands of our amateurs a day or two previously its execution must be considered com mendable. Dr. Koit then gave, in very effective style, the recitation of Campbell's thril ling poem, ' The Last Man ' Christy's charming melody, ' Oh, Gently Breathe,' was sung by Mr. Live say with considerable taste and delicacy. The slight tremulousncss in that gentle man's delivery of his notes proving rather in harmony with the sentiments than otherwise. Mr. Benson followed with the recita tion of Poc's 'Lenore.' This gentle man's general manner is so agreeable and unassuming as to work much in his favor when cither singing or reciting ; but a little more confidence in the powers he evidently possesses would be of service, especially in reciting, by preventing that; hurried delivery, which hinders an audi ence laying hold of the beauties of a piece. Sound does not travel oven down a. room with the velocity of sight', and the far end of an audience must, have time to catch the sense. The delivery of Lenore, the beauties of which were evidently fully felt by the speaker, would have been ! equally so by ihe audience had its do- ! livery occupied about double tha time. Messrs. Saint ami Livesey's duel, ' Flow on tliou Sinning River,' was very pleasingly sung ; followed by Mf. Roberts' very effective delivery of Hood's touching ' Song of the Shirt,' whieh pro duced a warm encore, when flint gentle man nave, with equal effect ' The Bridge of Sighs.' The introduction of flic former piece was not inappropriate for the occasion, aud led a white-headed old gentleman near us to remark that if more considera i ion -was not cultivated by euiployci-s in this enervating clime, than in the old country, towards the young men behind the counter we must not be surprised if pome colonial Thomas Hood should come out with the song of the 'Illimitable Yard i'ltick,' and the everlasting ' Paper and P.?.ek ThmuL', Bishop's ' Foresters Sound the Horn,*' well sung by the Musical Socfety, closed the first part of the entertainment. The second part opened with Spof forth's ** Hail, Smiling Morn,' sung by the whole of 'the members with such im proved amount of skill and energy as to call forth a well merited encore, and to give rite to ihe perpetration of a most preposterous pun at our elbow — that the iiila of'tFic piece was a misprint, and that it should be ' A h, Smiling'Morn.' The punster evidently not being aware of such facts in connexion with the Lungs and Larynx as that the most' celebrated Cautatrico of the present century, Madame Mali bran, who died suddenly during the great Manchester Musical Festival, about 1S35, invariably com menced her morning practice on a bottle of porter and a plate of oysters. Not i inn «vj ri:i:uu]mciiu]HUi;iiv:ui* ui i.iiul jvuiu to amateurs, but merely record the fact for the consideration of the faculty who tell us that malt liquor thickens the wind as well as the waist. Mr. Saint, whose pleasing execution may also perhaps bo improved by study ing our friendly comment on Mr. Ben son's singing, was warmly encored in ' Come where my Love lies Dreaming. Vt. JSott followed with an admirable recitation of Mackey's, ' AVater wtsius Wine,' which was so warmly encored as to induce him to favor the audience with the recital in admirable style of 'The Last Minstrel.' Tbe trio of 'Fair Flora Becks,' thoutrh fairly executed by Messrs. Wright and Filsell, has too much of the eharac ter of sacred music, and wo would not have been sorry on so lively an occasion to have seen a comic piece introduced in its place, or a jocose catch as Arnold's ' Ah, how Sophia !' (a house a-fire.) Mr. Livesey 's recital of the 'Fruiterer's Ghost' was given with great deliberation, and produced much amusement We observed, however, that some minute por omitted — we refer to that pomi.what un fairly dealt with letter, the letter 11 h. Mr. Benson did himself injustice in selecting that sing-song nursery air, ' Toll the Bell,' the chorus of which, however, made some amends for the sons. Messrs. Saint and Filseli's duet was pleasingly sung, and that charming piece, ' Here in cool grot,' was well ex rcutod bv Ilifi till! nrclipstrn. Mr. Itobcrts's recital of Tennyson's ' Light Brigade ' was rendered in a man ner that was well appreciated by the audience. We wore mutjy however to notice a lmskiness in Mr: Robert k's de livery, indicative of cold, but this was amply atoned for by his just conception and ropre«cnlai?on of his author's feel ings and sentiments, and whatever conies from the heart will reach the hearts of others. Mr. Roberts, on being encored, gave in an admirable manner ' The Day is Done,' which was well received by the audience. In reviewing thcseplcasmg and praise worthy efforts of the Gawler Musical Society, our pen not being that of the carping but of the friendly critic, runs no risk of giving offence, nor, on the | other hand, have we any inclination to flattery. Our testimony therefore is of a Aery independent and disinterestcc! kind when we express our opinion that the general respectability of the member ship of the society, and* the unassuming character of its individuals, strongly com mend it to the good will and the esteem and patronage of the town and neigh borhood, while he talent already dis played by it is equally to its credit. Mamr of' its members are well gifted by j nature, but require cultivation, and sclt confidcncc will doubtless be its natural accompaniment. We have slightly complained of the diffidence apparent among the younger portion of the members, but we should be very sorry to see so amiable and par donable a defect displaced to make room for its opposite. AVo think with good Richard Baxter — ' That mod- sty is like a thistle : It is an ill weed, but it shows a good soil.' On such occasions as the foregoing the audience experience a great drawback in not having the words of the songs before them, a defect: which we trust may be supplied in future, as there are a few auditors who would not give a trifle for a copyr of them. Wo liono. liowpvrr- that in sumjlvinsr this disidcratum our Gawlcr vocalists will not fall into the very annoying prac tice of giving us musical sounds without audibly articulated sentiments, as was the fashion half a century ago, when fashionable vocalists used to tell their pal rons it was tlie luusic only they went to hear. We were glad tc Notice that the fault of marking the line Avif.li the head or some other stupid part of the body Avas avoided by the performers. It might do very well 'in the days of Hogarth's village choir, but in our day, as such attitudin izing (to use Dr. Johnson's sarcastic term) is not put dpwn in the score, it may be well on the score of propriety to keep niddle-noddling the head or tapping Avitli the toes nut of the performance. And now a 'w J. J for a small part of the audience. When people pay half-a-crown to hear a collection of choice music, they don't like to find themselves deprived of the treat by flic insipid chatteriugs ot others alongside them, who are not- bless ed with a taslc for music or manners. We have been assured that several gentlemen left the room prematurely owing to this annoyance. We forbear singling out tho 'causes of this complaint, by tiaine on tho present occasion, but should this species of nuisance again affect a public meeting of the kind we shall summon the offenders to the bar of public opinion indue form without troub ling our worthy municipal Inspector of Nuisances. The performances being concluded, the Rev. C MHO'S Coo m us rose and stated that he had been specially requested by the representatives oi uhj oLori'mr^iTs as sistants to publicly, oh their behalf, tender their thanks to the members of the Gawler Musical Society and the company patronising their performance for the kind aid thus afforded the Assistants' Association. In thanking them he could not refrain from expressing his strong sympathy with tho movement in favour of the storekeepers' young men. The circumstances in which they were placed called for this, and on every ground, morally, menially and physicallj', it was a highly desirable improvement of their position. He believed they appre ciated it at its proper value, and would prove grateful for such a concession ou the part of the employers. After further suitable and eloquent remarks, the rev. gentleman concluded by tendering on behalf of the Assistants' Association their thanks to the performers and to the audience. (Applause.) Mr. Gth'xdv rose and stilted that lie had also been unexpectedly pressed into ihe service of the Association by an ur gent request to support the tender of thanks so eloquently introduced into the proceedings of the evening by their much respected reverend friend. He re gretted that indisposition prevented him oing that justice to the subject which he could wishj and that he would have io limit himself to a few brief remarks. He hoped the ladies would smile upon ihc movement in favor of the young men, and not take it amiss if they were debar red from shopping by candle light. — (Laughter and applause.) Their ac quiescence in such an arrangement: would spcaic equally well for their judgment and their humanity, for they were aware iliat ihev could not so well ascertain the colors of silks and ribbons by candle light — (hear) — and if the old system of keeping shops continued they would be unable to discover color cr bloom on the cheeks of the unfortunate young shop man. (Laughter and loud cheers.) A quarter of a century ago when a similar movement originated in Manchester the opponents of the measure argued that the leisure sought for would be im properly and injuriously employed ; but the contrary proved to be the fact, and lie had no doubt that the young men of Gawler would m this respect equally do themselves credit by employing their added leisure in intellectual and not degrading pursuits, and in the various fields of menial cultivation. (Hear.) He had full confidence that it would be eo in Gawler, and the musical entertain ment tbey had that evening cnjo3'c-u. was a strong proof in confirmation of his view. It was highly creditable to iho musical gentlemen before them that half the proceeds of the cTening were to be presented in the fund of the Store keepers' Assistants' Association. After eulogising tho talent exhibited so agree ably during the evening, Mr. Gruudj supported the A ssistamV tender of thanks through Mr, Coombs, resuming his seat amid warm demonstrations cf approba^ tion. . , , Mr. T. Lrs now in .'it Wat ppeeeh ao knowlcdged the compliment, explaining that amain object of the Gawler Musical Society was in connexion with the culti^ ration of music, to furnish assistance thro* iis medium Io any object or movement of a benevolent kind connected with their fel low- townsiiicn — a statement received with much approbation, as well as a tender of ( the Musical Society's aid on any occasion ' on which it may be considered desirable. A. A-otc of thanks to the chairman was carried by acclamation, which being suit ably acknowledged, the proceedings ter minated with ihe National Anthem, given in good style by the orchestra, which had been led 'throughout 'the evening by Mr. Rainsford, who would undoubtedly have been more at home with the har- inouium. 