DR PRITCRARD'S CONFESSION. After Dr Pritchard's conviction he was removed from the bar of the Justiciary Court to the cell below, where he partook of tea. Immediately on reaching the cell where the refreshments were set, he said to one of the policemen who had charge of him— "I'm innocent of this charge." This was the only remark he made. On going to take his place in the van he covered his face with his hat, to pre- vent the large crowd through which he had to pass gazing upon him. On the ensuing night, July 7, the prisoner was very restless, like a person in a fever. He only slept about an hour. There were three warders with him all night, who engaged in religious exercises, the prisoner joining willingly with them. He frequently asserted his innocence to those around, him, and said he had been convicted by mistake.- It appears he was so confident that the verdict would be in his favor that on the 6th he stated to those around him that he would immedi ately go south, and afterwards to Italy, to join Garibaldi. --On Saturday morning, July 8, Dr Pritchard was removed from the Carlton Gaol, Edin burgh, to Glasgow, under the charge of a criminal officer and three assistants. Before leaving the gaol he was shackled to the officers, and he remained fastened in this way throughout the journey. He appeared quite composed, and looked about him with the utmost coolness. The following extracts are from Dr Pritchard's diary : — " 17th February, 1865\. — Died here at one am., Mary Jane, my own beloved wile, aged thirty-eight years ; no torment surrounded her bedside, but, like a calm, peaceful lamb of God, passed Minnie away. May God and Jesus, Holy Ghost, one in three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer till mine be o'er, everlasting love. Save us, Lord, for thy dear Son." The convict shortly afterwards made a written confession, of the murder of his wife. The prisoner confessed his guilt to Mr Oldham, Episcopalian clergyman, in a private manner t but Mr Oldham requested that Pritchard should write his confession, and he did so. The confession states that Mary M'Leod, the servant girl, was aware that he was poisoning his wife, and that on the evening of his wife's death, when he administered a dose of chloro form, M 'Leod was present. Prisoner gives as a motive for poisoning his wife his improper intimacy, with M'Leod; and denies that he poisoned his mother-in-law: Mrs Taylor — who, he says, died from an over-dose of Battley's solution. He con fessed to having drugged the solution found her pocket after death, but denies that it was poisoned before she expired. It was said that when his bro- ther, sister, and daughter were present with him the day previous to his confession, the latter had kneeled in the cell, and prayed him, if he had poi- -soned her mamma, to confess ; and it is alleged that he then acknowledged his guilt. The following is a copy of the confession: — "I, Edward William Pritchard. M.D., M.R.C.S.E, and L.A.S., &c.;, hereby make min writ- ing, in the presence of the Rev R. S. Old ham, M.A., the following confession, for transmission bv him to the proper authorities: — It was when my wife was at Kilmnn, in the summer of 1863, that I first became intimate with the girl Mary M'Leod, sleeping with her in my house, at 22 Royal- crescent. This continued at intervals up to the time of our removal to 131 Saudhiehall-street, She became pregnant in May last [year] and with her own consent I produced a miscarriage. I have reason to believe that Mrs Pritchard was quite aware of this, and rather sought to cover my wicked- ness and fully. My mother-in-law, Mrs Taylor, came last February to our house, and caught Mary M'Leod and, myself in the consulting-room: and the day before her death, having apparently watched us she said to me, in the same room, "You have locked her in the cupboard," which was true but nothing more passed. I declare Mrs Taylor to have died in the manner 1 have stated; and I now believe her death to have been caused by an over- dose of Battley's solution of opium. The aconite found in that bottle was put in by me after her death, and designedly left there, in order to prove death bv misadventure in case any enquiry should take place. Mrs Pritchard was much better immediately after her mother's death, but subsequently became exhausted from want of sleep. I accounted for this by the shock produced by her mothers death; and, hardly knowing how to act, at her own earnest request I gave her chloroform. It was about midnight, Mary M'Leod was in the room, and in an evil moment (being besides somewhat excited by whiskey) I yielded to the temptation to give her sufficient to cause death — which I did. I therefore declare, before God, as a dying man, and in the presence of my spiritual advisor, that I am innocent of the crime of murder, so far as Mrs Taylor is concerned, but acknowledge myself guilty of the adultery with Mary M'Leod and the murder of my wife. I feel now as though I had been living in a species of madness since my connection with Mary M'Leod; and I declare my solemn re- pentance of my crime, earnestly praying that I may obtain Divine forgiveness before I suffer the Penalty of the law. — EDWARD WILLIAM PRITCHARD Witnesses, — John Sterling, governor; R.S. Oldham, and John Mutrie. North prison, Glasgow, July 11, 1865." Some days afterwards, however, whether in- fluenced by what his spiritual adviser had told him respecting the universal disbelief in his statement, or actuated by his own feeling, the convict made another confession, withdrawing the formal one. Here it is in full: — " Confession by Edward William Pritchard made in the presence of an All-seeing God, and of the Rev T Watson Reid, my present spiritual adviser, on the 19th day of July, 1865, at Glasgow prison, for communication to the proper autho- rities: — I, Edward William Pritchard, in the full possession of all my senses, and understanding the awful position in which I am placed, do make free and open confession that the sentence pronounced upon me is just; that I am guilty of the death of my mother-in-law, Mrs Taylor and of my wife, Mary Jane Pritchard; that I can assign no motive for the conduct which actuated me, beyond a species of terrible mad- ness and the use of ardent spirits. I hereby freely and fully state that the confession made to the Rev R.S. Oldham on the 11th day of this month was not true and I hereby confess that I alone, not Mary M'Leod, poisoned by wife in the way brought Out in evidence at my trial. That Mrs Taylor's death was caused according to the indictment I further state to be true; and the main facts brought out in the trial I hereby fully acknowledge, and now plead wholly and solely guilty thereto, and may God have mercy on my soul! I pray earnestly for repentance, not to be repented of, and for for- giveness from Almighty God, through the inter- cession of our blessed Redeemer, Mediator, and Ad- vocate, Jesus Christ the Lord and Saviour. Fellow- creatures pray for me; and let me add I am in charity with all men. I have now to record my humble thanks to all who have taken part in any way for my interest. First to their lordships the judges, for their great patience, forbearance, and careful consideration of my case, and to the gentle- men of the jury; to all the officials. May each and all except the thanks of a dearly penitent sinner, and may heaven be their reward, is the last prayer of Edward William Pritchard. There is also connected with Dr Pritchard an- other case, on which, perhaps, he may be able to throw some light. Some 3 or 4 years ago a female servant in his employ was found burned to death in his house. She was found lying on her back on the bed, with the lower part of her person much burned; and the door was locked, but the key could not be discovered. At the time, the case excited grave suspicion that she did not come by her death fairly; and it seemed almost incred- ible that a woman who was burned to death should be lying on her back; she naturally would have endeavoured to save herself; and the inference drawn upon the old circumstances was, that the un- fortunate young woman was already dead before the bed talk or was set on fire. 