BALLARAT WEST ELECTION. Tht Eerald, which haa supported protection with more ability than any other journal in Victoria, has the following remarks on the coming election for Ballarat West: "When Air Oily Gammon had swallowed the fatal dose, which was his form of resignation-his mode of giving up a career of hypocrisy and false preten sion and conscious failure-we are told that, in one moment of horrible revulsion, "lie would hare given the universe to undo the dreadful act." And so, poor Mr Vale! No sooner haa he parted with the irrevocable letter; no sooner Ihib he faced, in reality, the fearful gulf ol political oblivion; no sooner has he heard the awful sounds-the "hissings dire"-and Been the visions of contempt and scorn that await himin the Pandemonium which ho has-entered by his own set, than his heart fails, bim. He now, dis covers, when too late, by what a mere accident or fluke lie found his way into tlie Legislative Assem bly; everybody wondering, as at " the flies in amber," " how the devil they got there." He feels how painful and suffocating it must be " to lie in cold obstruction and to rot." He gasps and writhes and clutches at the very hope of resuscitation, and he would give all the little he ever had, of consistency or common sense or parochial respectability, to get back again into the seat which he has so rashly and 30 hopelessly vacated. He turns to the electors of West Ballarat-the forlorn and guilty ghost of a re presentative, among living men-2nd appeals to them in such thin and whining tones as the lost alone could utter. Like Bivcp, he has a few brethren in the Legislature and the Ministry, congenial souls, whom be would wish to benefit. But there is a great gulf now yawning between him nod Parlia ment. The case is hopeless, either for himseif or a friendly emissary, and all we can do now is to sit down on the verge of the pit, along with tho electors of West Ballarat, and listeu to the pleadings and lamentations of the unhappy man. The first meeting, at wbich Mr Vale attempted the desperate task of explaining and justifying bis conduct to bis late constituents, camooffon Friday evening. The report iu The Ballarat Star is full, and we are told, very accurate. It may be regarded, therefore, as the outcome and revelation of all that he has to say, prompted, of course, by his friends in and out of the Ministry-not merely as to his own unimportant self, but as to this great crisis in our affairs, and on the occasion when he has been made the eat's-paw and tne mouth-piece of the. Govern ment^ to do and to say what they have not sufficient courBge for, themselves. As a mere speech, con sidered either from the teetotal platform or stump oratory point of view, it is beneath contempt; and, if this be a fair representation of the intellect of Weet Ballarat, we should say that they were as much below the 'purloins' of Melbourne as they affect, and 8re believed to be, beyond them in wealth and enterprise. But it is not sueh a fair represen tation. Ballarat, however, and not Mr Vale, is put upon its trial; and, with Ballarat, the credit of our political institutions. "To follow Mr Vale through the details of this speech would be a wa»te of time; but taken as a quasi-ministerial manifesto, which might have been spoken by 8ome of them, with more liveliness and no less affectation of candor and honesty, it must command some brief attention; such attention as we are obliged to pay to the culprit, when he ventures on an explanation, of which, at the same time, we do not believe one syllable. The first point we gather from Mr Vale's opening-and it is compli mentary to the people of Ballarat-is that he "be lieves ' a large number of his political supporters are viewing his conduct with some measure of vexation.' He evidently thinks that some of them will be an noyed, at losing so distinguished a state-man as their member, and getting Mr Service in his place. He vapours about' a Btern conviction of duty,' and re grets that . lie will probably find himself at cross purposes with those gentlemen who have been his supporters.' Of course lis will; and more particu larly at the polling booths. But, omitting all the mere rigmarole, what is :he substance of Mr Vule'o apology? What is the meaning and teniency of all thiB confusion, into which the Ministry have thrown the country? And, supposing that they should be successful and triumphant, in the solution of this dead-lock, what practical good is to come out of it? What will the people permanently gain by It? And how will it substantially and permanently affect the democratic portion of our Constitution, of which we ourselves are the determined advocates and supporters; much more bo in reality, than Mr Vale, or the hypocritical aristocrats and lories in tbe Miuistry? "These, and the like, are the questions that we wish to see driven home to Mr Vale, and to the dis honest renegade politicians who are pulling the strings behind him. These arc questions that bave never been properly put yet; aud the impossibility of answering them, on the hypothesis of Mr Vale and the Ministry, is at once conclusive and destruc tive to all their bombast and false pretences. Mr Vale makes a loud protest against 'going in for re volution, or anything revolutionary.' This is merely Fecksnifflan. For what really great thing was ever brought about in this world, without revolution or something revolutionary? And we have no objec tion to it, if we find that it is the only means of BOlving a difficulty, or repealing an injustice, brought about by the villainy and chicanery ol men in power, and for which wo see no other remedy. But, Cui bono? For whose benefit are we to shed our blood or trea sure, or at least to waste our time and industry, in everlasting squabbling? We must know for whom and for what we are fighting. Suppose we are vic torious. What then? And Buppose it should turn out, after all, that the whole contest is a hollow and disgusting sham-a mere cross, between the gamb ling speculators-a thieveB fight, extemporised by the pickpockets-and that one only postible result, of either defeat or victory, is to keep these men in office aB long as the struggle laBts. Should we not be among the silliest and basest of mankind, if wo lent ourselves to such a mockery ? And worse than a mockery, if tlie effect were lound to be not merely to pay these men a salary a little longer, but to pay them, with the tiled ol retardipg and rendering all but impossible, those very reforms which Mr Vale, and his wire-pullers in the Ministry, pretend to be BO anxiouB about. Suppose the Legis lative Council coerced and rocked into submission, on this one question of the tariff. What then? Would such a tariff give nn additional meal to one tinker's dog, or to any one but the Ministers and their whip per-in, in all Victoria ? Would it reform the Legis lative Council itself, and for other purposes besides money bills ? On the contrary, arc not Mr Vale and the Ministers playing the very game of the Le gislative Council, by forcing them into this position, i in which, every day, they are growing strooger and more respectable, and acquiring, as if they themselves had earned it, a reputation for patriotism ?-a thing which they cannot avoid, so long as they stand still, like buttre«6es or bulwarks, from being simply im movable." " We tell Mr Vale this,-that lie and bis friend are the wJ'.r8t enemies of reform and progress, and of the true detm>ci,a^'c interest; and that, so long as this ministerial farce of The Crisis is played, the Minister of Justice amy do a good stage business, like Grimaldi, by etulEng his pocket with that everlasting sausage, which he first produced, on the free trade dodge five years ago; and the rest of his colleagues may only ha too thankful in devouring it. But, in the meantime, there are two things which they are postponing indefinitely, the reform of the Legislative Council, and a fair trial to the great question, of how far and in what way we can give protection aud encouragement to native in dustry. "If those two great questions are of less consequence than the keeping the Ministry in office o little longer, for their own eakep, then let us come to an under standing, and sen whether we cannot compound with them-if it would not be criminal to do so-and buy them out, at n cheaper rate than the destruction of the Constitution and tlie ruin of the colony. Mr Yale promises that, next year, he will tack the pay ment of members to the Appropriation Act. Mope told a Jlatlering tale; but perhaps that indiscreet an nouncement may now spoil the little game. We might, however, all agree to discount the vote, for even one year; and that would enable us to 6olve the dead-lock, by discharging and paying off the Government, on terms which they themselves refuse, to the oldest and moBt faithful servants of the State." 