"" NEWS' BY THE APRIL MAIL. 1 We gave an unusually full telegram yesterday of the news from England to the 16th of May. For a large portion of this, we are indebted to the Anglo-Indian telegrams, these supplying the events from the 26th April to that date. We now have our usual files of English papers, from which we proceed to compile a summary of the news to the latter of the two above-named dates. But that will have to be more than usually brief, owing to the large demands on our space for the American news, which ranks first in importance, and for the extraordinary disclosures in connexion with the Road Hill House murder. ENGLAND. The signs of the approaching elections become more numerous every day. In all parts of the kingdom local committees are meeting to arrange with candidates and to read communications from the Reform of the Carlton. New men are putting out feelers in the shape of addresses, old men are inquiring of their agents the chances of re-election. Elderly M.P.'s are consulting their doctors as to whether they are strong enough to go through another parliamentary campaign. Juvenile M.P.'s arc consulting their lawyers about the state of the register. The Globe says that in little more than three months from this time we may expect to see the last day of the present parliament. Amid hot weather and thin muses the necessary business of this session will have been forwarded through its final stages, and, in all probability, before the end of July the writs will have been despatched empowering the constituencies of the United Kingdom to send representatives to a fresh parliament. The revenue returns for the quarter and year ending March 31st have been published. Notwithstanding the reductions which have been made in taxation there is actually an increase on the year. The total revenue for the year ending March 31st was £70,313,436 against£70,208,963 in the previous year, the net increase being thus £104,473. The increase has been-in Excise, £1,351,000; stamps, £213,000 ; taxes, £74,000; Post-office, £290,000 and Crown lands, £3000. In Customs and property tax there has naturally been a decrease, viz., in Customs, £660,000, and property tax £1,126,000. There is a decrease also in the revenue from miscellaneous sources of £42,527. On the quarter there has been a net increase of £188,062. In it Customs have recovered from the effects of reductions, and show an increase over the corresponding quarter of last year of £37,000. Property-tax and miscellaneous sources are the only two heads under which a decrease is shown. The papers relating to the Patent Office defalcations, which were presented to parliament, have just been published. The leading facts of the case appeared in our last. In July, 1864, Mr. Hindmarsh, Q.C., and Mr. Greenwood made a report to the Lord Chancellor, in which they stated that Mr. Edmunds ought to be dismissed from his office as clerk of the patents, if only on the ground that he had sorioiHi.'ected the duties of the post. In addition, however, there were other charges against Mr. Edmunds, of which the following were the principalities. That Mr. Edmunds had, from the year, 1852, withheld from the public purse large sums of money to the amount of £268) which he ought to have accounted for and paid quarterly in every year from that time to the present. 2nd. That he had in 1853 advanced £500 out of public moneys for the purchase of stamps, and had in 1863 taken £501) (in purported repayment) out of public moneys and put it into his private pocket. 3rd. That he had purchased stamps at wholesale prices, sold them in the Patent Office at retail prices, and put the difference into his own pocket, instead of crediting the amount to the public, the purchase having been made out of public moneys. The fourth charge was that Mr. Edmunds had drawn large- sums out of the public moneys of the office to his own use, and had given no account of such sums, and the fifth, that he had withheld a sum of £399 7s. 4d for which he ought to have given credit to the Treasury, and had three times passed his accounts, while that sum was in his hands, without noticing it. To this " preliminary report' Mr. Ed.mmils replied in a long letter to the Lord Chancellor, in which he does not specifically deny the five charges given above, but complains that the commissioners display a bad animus against him, and that their report is exaggerated. Further, he asserts that he took the discounts openly, and " with the full knowledge of the authorities at the Stamp-office," but he admits that his conduct has been negligent and improper." In a second report, dated the 31st of January last, the commissioners repeat their charges against Mr. Edmunds in an extended form. While Mr. Ruscoe did all the work of the office for Mr. Edmunds, he received no regular remuneration, but paid himself out of the receipts for stamps, falsifying his accounts in order that the deduc- tions might escape notice. In 185-2, however, Ruscoe received a salary from the Government of £400 a year, and there was then no possible pretext for abstracting public money. For 10 years sums amounting to from £500 to £600 were annually obtained for discounts on stamps, which Mr. Edmunds and Mr. Ruscoe divided between them. The total thus improperly obtained was £5,131. Upon the whole the commissioners found that the sums payable to the Consolidated Fund and the Suitors' Fee Fund of the Court of Chancery, and for which Mr. Edmunds was responsible, amounted in all to £17,490, of which £7,872 having been paid back in September, £9,617 still remained due. The reports, with evidence, rejoinders, and accounts, fill 259 pages. In a report just issued on the organisation of the War-office is the following passage, signed " Hartington, Douglas Galton, Cr. Arbuthnot and W. Anderson :"-" It is with regret, however, that we feel bound to call the attention of the Secretary of State to the testimony borne by these gentlemen all men of experience in the War office-to the ineffectual nature of past attempts to improve the condition of the civil service. It was hoped that by excluding dances, and ensuring a sufficient, but very moderate, test of education, the efficiency of the public departments would be improved ; but it would seem that so far from this end having been attained, the character of the War-office is such that if the clerks did their work with diligence 10 per cent. of their number , might be reduced. We trust that the members of this committee will lend their aid to us in accomplishing such a reform as will remove the evil of which they are witnesses, and obtain for the Government the measure of service which is rendered in private establishments in return for ade- j quate pay." There was a volunteer review at Brighton on Easter Monday, which passed off with remarkable spirit and success. 20,000 volunteers were under arms on the ground, considerably more than on any former occasion. Twenty special trains i conveyed 13,800 volunteers from London and its neighborhood to Brighton in an average time of two hours-one doing the distance in an hour and a half. The weather was perfection, the cn I thusiasm with which Brighton received the volunteers was naturally heightened by the omission of their visit last year, the sham fight was conducted in a more intelligible manner than usual, the different corps also showed marked improvement in marching, and what is really very creditable to all concerned, there was scarcely an accident that could be called serious in the course of the day. The Easter Monday review seems now likely to be held at Brighton as a matter of course. A meeting of delegates from the London trade societies, and from the shops and factories subscribing towards the support of the men locked out in North Staffordshire, was held on the night of April 19, in the Sussex Hotel,Huiiverie-street, Mr. George Potter presiding. The chairman announced that since they last assembled the lock- out had terminated, and the men were now all at work. The salaries of the colonial bishops are for the most part provided from "The Colonial Bishoprics Fund," which is supposed to be invested in the names of the four following trustees, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Vice-Chancellor Page Wood, Mr. Hubbard, M.P., and Archdeacon Hall. It was anticipated that as soon as the judgment of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council had declared the whole of the proceedings of the Bishop of Cape Town to be null and void in law the salary of the Bishop of Natal, which was being withheld while the proceedings were pending against him, would be paid. The Council, however, who have the management of the fund, have announced through their solicitors that they are not prepared to pay the arrears of salary ; the question, therefore, is not yet settled, and another exciting legal contest may probably take place in a new arena. The affairs of Messrs. Spooner and Attwood's bank have been discussed in the Birmingham Court of Bankruptcy. After a large amount of debts had been proved, the meeting was resolved into one of creditors, and it was determined to wind up the estate by private arrangement. Mr. Laundy, an accountant, was chosen manager. Viscount Gort will be elected a representative Peer for Ireland, in the room of the Earl of Desart, whose death causes a vacancy in the House of Lords. Brother Ignatius is engaged in serious difficulties with his third order. Some have resigned, and others do not please him, so that the order is in rather a bad way. The Feast of St. Benedict has been celebrated with great pomp in the monastery. The " Mother Abbess," the _ celebrated Miss Sefton, assisted at the service, in her full robes as an abbess, an acolytes bearing bet handsome pastoral staff On Good Friday morning, Brother Ignatius and the brethren of the English Order of St. Benedict made special efforts to celebrate the day according to their peculiar views. The chapel was hung with black, and all light was carefully excluded, although two large candles glimmered gloomily before the altar. After a few seconds, however, it was apparent that a procession was advancing at a snail's pace through the gloom, and threading its way carefully through a rather numerous and closely-packed congregation, principally of the poorer class. The rich baritone voice of Brother Ignatius could soon be detected in the hymn which the procession was singing. When the procession reached the altar a few more candles were lit, and it was then possible to observe that Brother Ignatius wore a cloth of gold vestment on his back, while his head was covered with the cowl of the order. Among the novelties introduced into the ceremonial on this occasion was the following : At the words in the gospel, " It is finished," and " He bowed his head. and gave up the ghost," an attempt was made to portray the lightning and thunder which the scripture narra- tives record to have attended the real event. The thunder was more successful than the lightning, which may be said indeed to have been a mere flash in the pan ; some of the kitchen utensils would seem, from the nature of the sound evolved to have been concerned behind the scenes in the production of the thunder. At this extraordinary scene or rather attempt at a scene-Brother Ignatius, Mr. Ouseley, all the monks, and most of the congregation, prostrated themselves for a few seconds. A fund is being raised for the exploration of the Holy Land for the express object of biblical illustration. Some distinguished divines and lay- men, both of strict and liberal sentiments, have joined the movement. Earl Cowper has proceeded to Copenhagen, to invest the King of Denmark with the Order of the Garter. The Earl of Sefton proceeded also on the same day, in the Edgar, from Portsmouth to Lisbon, to invest the King of Portugal in like manner. Mr. Cobden expired at half-past 11 on Sunday morning, April 2nd, at his town residence, Suffolk-street, Pall-mall. For several years Mr. Cobden's health has demanded his utmost care, more especially in the winter and spring, owing to the increasing susceptibility of the bronchial tubes to acute inflammation. He had only ventured to come up to town from Midhurst on the 21st of March for the Canada debate, when he was fatally attacked by bronchitis. His last hours were soothed by the presence of his friends, Mr. Bright and Mr. Moffat. Mr. Cobden began life young. The son of a Sussex yeoman, he had no advantages of connection or descent to promote his progress, yet at 30 he had appeared before the world as a thinker and writer, and at 37 he was returned to the House of Commons as the foremost man of the newly-organised Anti-Corn Law League. His earliest publications were arguments on behalf of that unfettered inter- course between nations, the accomplishment of which was the great work of his life. The formation of the league introduced him to larger audiences, and made his name known throughout the kingdom. With indefatigable perseverance he travelled from town to town, addressing large meetings not unfrequently every night of the week, and enforcing the objects of the association with great acuteness, unrivalled facility of illustration, and withal close and coherent reasoning. In the House of Commons, as before throughout the provinces, he worked with incessant energy in support of free trade in corn. If there was any art in his speeches, it was the perfect art of simplicity. With transparent language and I unmistakable logic he produced an effect which was almost irresistible, and the frank avowal of Sir Robert Peel, when at length he carried the repeal of the Corn Laws, will not soon be forgotten. The merit of the reform, he declared, was due neither to himself nor to his immediate political opponents, but to the " unadorned eloquence of Richard Cobden." Mr Cobden received from the free-traders of the country a free gift of £75,000. Mr Cobden evidently regarded the emancipation of his country's industry as the great work of his life. Although he took part in many movements for various kinds of reform, he never assumed to place himself in the same relation to any great public question as that in which he had stood to free trade. The second great service which Mr. Cobden rendered his country is too recent to need more than a simple reference. The benefits flowing from free trade ; with France, whether regarded merely as an extension of commerce, or in its more important aspect as a surety for the preservation of peace between the two great nations of Europe, are little inferior to those due to the abolition of the Corn Laws. At the dissolution of 1847 he was returned spontaneously for thcWcstlliding,which he represented until 1857, but the vote which he gave on Lord Palmerston's China policy cost him his seat. In 1859 he was elected for Roch- dale while absent in America. On his return he found a seat in the Cabinet awaiting his acceptance, but he declined to serve under Lord Palmerston. Mr. Cobden's funeral took place at West Laving- ton, Sussex, on Friday, the 7th of April. The gathering at Lavington was large, and the mournful ceremony most impressive. At the entrance to the churchyard the coffin was taken from the hearse, the pall was thrown over it, and the mourners ranged themselves at each side At the head, on the right, was Mr. Bright, on the left Mr. Gladstone ; next followed Mr. Alili.erGibson and Mr. Villiers; and lastly Mr.George Wilson and the brother of the deceased. Following these were deputations fromMaiichcstcr,Rochdalc,Blftckburn E(iiubiirgh,Boltoii,01dh',im,Stockport, Liverpool, Salford, and Ashton-under- Lyne. IRELAND. The clergy of the Established Church are said to be up in arms against one of their brethren, who, under the signature of "Presbyter Hiller. areas," has freely circulated among them a printed circular proposing the presentation to Parliament of memorials in favor of a " subordinate, yet decent endowment" of the Roman Catholic clergy. [ " I dare not mix myself up," writes the Rev. Samuel Madden, prebendary of Kilmimagh, " in what I believe to be your unhallowed movement," and this, in substance, is the protest entered by every assailant of the project. "Presbyter Hibernian would, it seems, find no difficulty in procuring the necessary funds for this endow- ment; he even speaks of employing for that purpose one-fourth, or some more advisable portion of the tithe rent charge. The tide of emigration from Ireland shows no sign of ebbing. On April 12th, hundreds of people of all ages, from the grey- headed grandfather to the child in arms, poured into Queens- town for embarkation in the National Company's steamer Louisiana, En route from Liverpool for New York. Hundreds more were expected to go by the Inman steamer next day. Emigration from Ireland to America has totally changed its aspect. It is no longer a matter of lamentation to anybody but the National Association of Ireland and the priests who& congregations are thinned and their dues diminished. The Cork Herald says that " when the tender leaves the pier with its human freight a hearty cheer breaks from the immigrants, which is generally responded to on shore, and a moist eye or sorrowful face is seldom seen among the throng." The arrangements says the Home News of April the 20th, for the International Exhibition, to be opened in Dublin in May, are being carried out with commendable care and vigor, and there is every reason to expect that the inaugural ceremony will be most imposing, while the display of arts and manufactures from all countries will be magnificent and attractive. The building is fast approaching a complete state, and cases of goods are daily arriving from foreign countries. A few days ago a quantity of manufactures and pictures arrived from Hamburg ; a lot of pictures cartoons, and porcelain from Berlin ; also contributions of pictures, china, and other manufactures from Dresden and Leipsic. Advices had been received of a lot of pictures being on their way from Alicante ; some of these are contributed by the Queen of Spain, and the rest by Spanish artists. A steamer having on board upwards of £60,000 worth of Italian pictures for the exhibition is on her passage from Civita Vecchia, which port she left for Liverpool, where the consignment will be reshipped for Dublin. She will touch at Naples and Palermo to complete her cargo. There had been also arrivals from France from Nova Scotia, and some contributions from the English and Scotch exhibitions. Saunders's News-letter says:--Thecommittee have no enviable task in allocating the space, considering the scope to which they have to enlarge their views. This is illustrated! by a few names of places which already figure in the catalogue. Ceylon, the Falkland Islands, Jamaica, Japan, New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Victoria ?\V est. Africa, Dominica, and Siam are among the regions claiming space from us on this occasion. Siam, as yet, appears the largest in print, embracing 77 different items of natural products, articles of manufacture, and curious preparation. And in reference to these places generally, the list is curious and interesting, besprinkled as it is with strange things and puzzling names the dialects of the people of remote parts of the globe. A great and unique attraction is likely to be lent to the Exhibition by the King of Italy. A letter from Turin, dated the 31st of March, states that the Royal Treasury will most probably send a topaz weighing several pounds, and eight or nine inches long, having on it a beautiful engraving of " the Last Supper." The committee are expected to provide at their own expense a suitable show case, plate glass, and an iron safe, with iron rail- ings like a cage all-round. The letter states to see this gem alone would be worth a journey from London. The 15th of April had been fixed on as the last day for receiving pictures and works of art. The Belfast Assizes have unexpectedly collapsed. The riot cases-assaults, house wreck- ings, murders, and all-were abandoned by the Crown some time ago, virtually because a conviction on any of the capital indictments appeared to be utterly hopeless. A fortnight of civil war has been expiated, or is to be expiated by half-a-dozen culprits out of some hundreds staying in gaol for a year; and while eleven or twelve human beings were barbarously murdered in the streets of Belfast, public justice is forced to rest contented with no expiation at all. There was not a single conviction for murder. This being the case, and the assizes, so far as regards the not cases, having concluded, it would be somewhat superfluous to say that the attempt to bring the criminals to justice has been a total failure. The Attorney-General, in announcing the abandon- ment of the prosecutions, was obliged to admit that the result arrived at has been far from satisfactory. "For many of the most serious offences no person has ever been made amenable, and there is great reason to apprehend that the very worst offenders have escaped with impunity." One fact mentioned by the Attorney-General is as good as all the arguments in the report just issued by Messrs Barry and Dowse. The fact is this, though the local police must have been well acquainted with many of the leaders in the riots, in only a single instance out of all those tried or untried at these assizes have they been instrumental in bringing any offender to justice, either by arresting, identifying, or giving evidence against the rioters. There was never plainer case for the prompt interference of the legislature to repress a murderous spirit of faction in a great commercial community, The official inquiry into the riots occupied 22 days, and the proceedings fill a volume of 390 folio pages. No less than 13,584 questions and the answers to them are printed. One of the Magistrates of Belfast has ascertained that in the riots of last August no less than 36 persons were more or less injured; 11 died ; 98 persons had gunshot wounds, and considering the irregular and desultory character of the firing, the inferiority of the firearms, and the probable badness of the ammunition, it may be assumed that a very small proportion of the shots told, and that many hundreds must have been fired by fellow-townsmen and neighbors on each other. One person died of mania caused by fright-a case which serves to show how much mental agony and terror there must have been. The loss arising from stoppage of mills, disturbance of trade, and suspension of business has been estimated at £50,000. SCOTLAND. Dr. Pritchard, the surgeon of Glasgow, accused of poisoning his wife and her mother, Mrs. Taylor, has been fully committed for trial, and the case promises to be one of unusual interest. On the one hand, it is alleged that Mrs. Pritchard and her mother both suspected foul play that the food and medicines administered to the farmer were twice tasted by a maid, who twice suffered all the symptoms of poisoning by antimony; that antimony in some quantity has been found in the body of Mrs. Pritchard that Dr. Paterson, who attended Mrs. Taylor, refused to give a certificate, that Dr. Pritchard gave one himself, in which he falsified the cause of death and that he denies having administered or purchased antimony for any purpose whatever. It is, moreover, proved] that he is a person of immoral habits. On (hang other hand, no adequate motive has yet apprising gested for the murder of the wife, who was not in the way of his intrigues, and still less for that of the mother. If she was poisoned, the first murder must have been committed to facilitate the second, a motive almost without a precedent in the history of crime. A great conflict, too, is expected among toxicologists as to the possibility of antimony being administered unintentionally, and a diary kept by Dr. Pritchard has been seized containing some singular entries. A number of articles of bed and body clothing, worn by the late Mrs. Pritchard in her last illness, have been despatched to Edinburgh, for analysis by Professor Maclagan. Most of the articles, and more especially the body clothes, present certain stains, and it is deemed desirable that they should be examined, with a view tP drover whether or not they bear traces of poison. The bodies of Mrs. Taylor. and Mrs. Pritchard have been exhumed foraiialyji:: by Professor Maclagan, who ascribes the death of both ladies to the action of antimony. With regard to the case of Mrs. Taylor, a quarter of a grain of antimony is reported to have been found in the stomach, the poison being also detected in the blood and intestines. The subsidiary analysis by Professor Penny is still in progress. Dr Pritchard has been again brought before the Sheriff, Sir Archibald Allison, and after examination was again committed for trial on a second charge of poison ing his mother-in-law. The prisoner denied the charge absolutely, and declined to say more. It is said the prisoner shows great coolness and self: possession in the face of these heavy ¡¡IjaEgqa. Hanging over him. The Free Church Synod of Glasgow have taken up, in an angry spirit, the comments of the press on a recent excommunication of a member of their body for working on a daily newspaper on a Sunday evening. At a meeting recently held Dr. Gibson censured as dishonorable the conduct of the newspaper editor who had first published the case. He acted dishonorably, said the doctor, in publishing the kind and confidential dealing of a minister with one of his people, and he felt that there was something like a reign of terror being held over ministers in the discharge of their duty. He expressed his sorrow that there were ministers of the Gospel in Glasgow, Dr. M'Leod being referred to, who encouraged people to walk on the sabbath. Dr. Buchanan speaking the saniesubject,saidthatif they couldconvincchiia time a newspaper could not be got ready on Monday morning without committing sin he would not take it. But the mere fact that in producing an article toe producer chose to commit a sin it did not involve hills in sin in his use of it. Sugar and cotton could and ought to he produced without slavery and without sin, and therefore he could use these productions God had given it to the earth to bring forth. He might use them lawfully, thongs those engaged in producing them produced them unlawfully. If the Saturday morning newspaper could he produced between Friday night and Saturday morning, what should hinder the Monday morning paper being produced Elwell Saturday night and Monday morning? Mr. W. C. Smith ventured to suggest that a printer compelled to work till nearly 12 o'clock on Saturday night and to resume again at midnight on Sunday would run the risk of not really keeping we Lord's Day, but this gave rise to many expressions of dissent from other members of the Synod. The Edinburgh Industrial Museum the foundation stone of which was laid by the late inns Consort, is approaching completion, and it will he inaugurated, it is confidently expected, by no Majesty. The new theatre at Edinburgh is to be erected on the site of the old one and workmen are busily employed in pulling down the walls. The new house is expected to be finished by Christmas. Mrs. Longworth Yelverton, who has been for some days seriously indisposed, is now exhibiting slight symptoms of improvement. Shew stuff however, is an extremely critical state. 