COLONIAL MARRIAGES. TO THE EDITOR. air— in your paper oi juiy ih mere is an answer, or what I suppose the writer intended as an answer, to my letter of July 8. It is signed 'M. A. Now. I think that if M. A.' had looked twice at ray iciier ne wouiu never nave written nis. Tne points I put were these :— Is the Bishop (being as he is no more Bishop of Adelaide than of Japan, and have no legal status or authority) a 'proper authority, according to the ecclesiastical laws of the United Church of England and Ireland, to issue licences or dispensations, as the case may be, to marry without publication of banns.' The section of the Marriage Act (5 Viet, No. 12, sec. 1) which 'M. A.' refers to, but does not properly quote, enacts-' That all marriages celebrated by clergymen of the United Church of England ami Ireland, and of theChurch of Scotland, if celebrated according to the usages and forms of these churches respectively, shall be deemed valid; provided that in all cases where marriage is solemnized after the publication of banns, such publication shall take place on three distinct Sundays pre viously to the marriage of the parties, either immediately before the commencement or during the time of Divine service, and when such con gregation shall have assembled and be present.' 'M. A.' asserts that persons married in accor dance with the provision of this section are legally married. I never doubted it Marriage is a civil contract, which to be legally solemnized must be solemnized by the jwrsons and in the manner appointed by the laws of the land. The sauctifi cation by a successor of St Peter is entirely optional with the parties. Any one can get legally married at the Registry Office for (I believe) 2s. 6d. The constitution of the Anglo-Catholic Church seems to trouble the mind of ' M. A.' By what mediseval formuhe the gift of the '? Holy Ghost' has been conferred on the so-called Bishop-of Ade laide I do not know, nor has it anything to do with the question. If ' M. A.' will refer to my letter he will see that I distinctly mentioned the fact that His Lordship (as aforesaid) possessed 'spiritual authority.' I only raised doubts as to what con stituted spiritual authority. I questioned whether 'spiritual authority' included the power to 'make a clergyman ;' that is to give a legal status to a person which he did not before possess (he himself having nolegalstatus. This doubt 'M.A.' dogmatically answers in the affirmative. He may bs right; but if he has looked un the subject as carelessly as he read my letter, I should very much doubt it. ? lam. Sir, &c.; B. A. 