CHAPTER IX. KIALLA I'ASS.-THE ' OUT-STATION.' " lt is a feaful thing To stand upon the beetling verge, and see Where storm aud lightning, from that huge gray wall, Have tumbled down vast blocks, and at the base Dashed them in fragments ; and to lay thine ear Over the dizzy depth,-and hear the sound Of winds, that struggle with the woods below, Come up like ocean murmurs ! "-BUVANT. A fortnight had passed since the instalment of Arthur Gray into his new office, and now he occupied his own hut, situated midway be- tween ' the house ' and the men's quarters. As he sprang from his bed and flung back the rude swinging shutter, a flood of light streamed in and dazzled his eyes with its glory-as if the morning reproached him for losing its beauties. Perhaps the little ' finishing touches \bestowed upon his toilet ill assorted with his new occu- pation, but they did not take long, and as the brightness of the day shone on his dark cluster- ing hair and flitted on the rich colour of his cheek any one would have pronounced Arthur Gray a good-looking young fellow, even if the fact had never struck them before. Snatching up his cabbage-tree hat, and a lengthy stock-whip which lay coiled like a snake onthe floor, he sallied forth, half ashamed that the sun had advanced so far on his heavenward march, and he not abroad. Everything, above and around, seemed urging the necessity of being up and doing : the birds perched about on topmast branches whistled and carolled right merrily, as if each, in default of a song, were to be subjected to the old convivial forfeit of drinking a ' pint of salt and water ! ' Even some long-legged birds, who evidently had'nt ' an ear for music,' essayed a melody of a most mournful character-at which, a whole I troop of large-headed goburras,* made the forest resound with their uproarious mirth, shaking I their fat sides, as if they enjoyed the fun amaz- ingly ! As for the creeks, they seemed to slide along, over smooth stones and under fallen masses of timber, and gurgled and bubbled and chimed in a sort of wild Australian melody : and one smart little creek, bright in the sunshine, rattled and prattled over the pebbles in a tremendous hurry-as if it had an immense deal of work before it, and very little time to do it in ! An important little creek, in its own estimation it wouldn't even toss a kiss to the blue and crim- son blossoms looking so lovingly at it, as if it hadn't been sliding along so slyly all night ! ¡ Then the trees passed their opinion of the morn- ing, in rustling whispers ; and ' hung out their leafy banners ' to welcome its arrival. Arthur paused, as he passed the threshold, to look at the glorious picture spread before him ; and, as his eye glanced over the scene, it rested on the cluster of huts where resided the major portion of the . hands ' connected with Woonoona, Strange and uncouth, ns they undoubtedly appeared to his town- accustomed eye, they lent a charm to the landscape, with their bark-cover- ings and huge exterior chimneys, which latter * ' Goburra,' tho native name of tho laughing jackass. seemed to grow outside-as does the stone of the Australian cherry. The ground in the vicinity of each dwelling was'only partially cleared ; and the huge stumps appeared like dark spots amid the gracefully waving corn, which bent over the blackened logs, while many of the surrounding trees had been ' girdled'-that is¿ adeepringcutentirelythrough the bark which surrounds them, so that the sap, the life-blood, no longer courses through their paralysed limbs. These reared their bare ghost- like forms, destitute ; of foliage ; stretching vaguely at the sky, until time, and some strong mountain gust should bring them down, branch by branch. As to the barrier surrounding the cornfields, it was that indescribable soft of a hedge termed a 4 cockatoo fence.' Here, two friendly stumps served as the supporters of a long length of sapling, there a half-consumed log took up the line, if line it could be called ; again it was continued by sapling and rail, and blocks and stumps, and withal' so cramped and curled and twisted, that the legend of that queer fence, so crooked, that whenever a pig crawled through he always found himself on the same side, was no longer regarded as a thing of doubt or won- derment. Down on the grassy flat fronting the hut, two horses were walking, led leisurely by Nyarra, the aboriginal, whom we have, already seen in Mr. Ashworth*s parlour. As the young stockman stepped over the dewy grass to meet him, the blackfellow vouchsafed a distended grin, as a mark of friendly recog- nition. " Good morning, Nyarra ! you see," said Arthur, springing lightly into the saddle, "we . Sydney folks are not very early risers." . " O you soon get ober dat, by* ne by, one yet awhile, Misser, what I call 'um r " said Nyarra, in a half-patronising, half-enquiring manner. O, call me anything that comes handiest Arthur Gray-Arthur-any name you please, I'll soon answer to it ! " "Well, den, you see, Misser Arfur," pursued Nyarra, making a terrible mouthful of the Christian name, "I bin woke one plenty'while ago ! Yeurolca-dat him sun-him bin jump up long time, and say it plenty time I saddle yarraman* for Misser Aswort's friend ; so you see, you my friend, too, all de same, yon know !" " Oh ! of course ! " replied Arthur, laughing, " and first-rate friends'I hope we shall be ! Bul what direction shall we go in, this morning where shall we go ? I am pretty well acquainted now with the tracks about the homestead." " You bin all about Woonoona?" said the blackfellow, musingly. S'pose, Misser Arfur, we yanf away to Bulgowra ? " " Bulgowra ! where, or what on earth's that?" "Dat Misser Aswort's out-station, where him bin send jumb uc$ when him too plenty at Woon- oona- you see," said Nyarra, condescendingly, . "I understand you," replied Arthur. "Lei it be Bulgowra, -by all means.1' The black led the way for a time through in- tricate scrubs, his aim being to make the distance short, not to render the journey pleasant, that was quite a secondary consideration. So onward they pushed, through the almost impervious brushwood and matted creepers, the horses now slipping, on the hard rocks, and anon leaping over the fallen logs "which helped to obstruct the pathway-or rather, bridle-track. * Yarraman, a horse, t Yan, go; % Jumbuc, sheep. (To bc continued in our next.) 