r WESTMINSTER. BY HENRY EDWARD; MANNING, D.D., ARCHBISHOP, ? , ; Henry Edward, by the Urace oi uott ana tue; i' 'Favour of the Apostolic See, Archbishop Elect, .'K'of Westminster, to the Clergy, Secular and' ? Regular, and the Faithful of the said Diocese, ? :' Health and Benediction in the Lord. j :r The Sovereign Will which, by the assistance *©f theSpirit of God rules over the Church on ^«arth,' haa seen fit, in spite of our maniiold m-. '??nnnities, to lay on us the burden of giving ac ?-£6unt, at the last day, of this great flock.. .(When first these tidings reached us; all other ?I'thoughts. vanished before the consciousness of ? rOu^ great unworthiness to be set as a pastor over; fyou.(: 'It is from you, and from your examples :©f fidelity and zeal, of your fearless inflexibility . . -afcd childlike docility in the faith, that we have Jb'een learning for these many years past. We : ^looked to you, reverend and beloved brethern in ?Jesus Christ, as counsellors, guides, and fathers. 'Akd now, for our humiliation, — we trust not for -your 'confusion,— the Divine Will of Him who calls the ' things that are not' as if they were, 'Jbfas placed us to be* to you, so far as He helps 'us,; that which you have so charitably been to TJSi^Two things alone, under God, have given 4b us any adequate consolation in this time of &njriety; and fear : the one, that what has fallen lipon us comes from the hand of the vicar of our (Divine Master ; the other, that in this mani festation of His will you have lost sight of our . -iinworthiness, and have come around us with -? -such an expression of your fraternal charity ? andfilial acceptance of the Sovereign Pontiff, as .. to leave nothing we could desire. To our Venerable Chapter of the Metropolitan Church ? 'of Westminister, to the Reverend the Secu lar Clergy of the Diocese, and to the Reli gious Orders, and we must not fail to add, to the faithful of every condition, from the highest to the poorest, who have been forward in their filial and loving sympathy, we desire now to offer our heartfelt thanks, and to implore for them the abundant graces of our Heavenly Father. If Anything were needed to demonstrate the unity ? of -the true and living Church, and to dissipate in confusion the dreams — perhaps the wishes — \- of 'those who watch us, it would be the manly '?'Christian Catholic loyalty, docility, and obedience as of soldiers to their chief with which you all, reverend and dear brethren as one body, and ;you, dear children in the grace of Jesus Christ, -whether born of our noble and invincible stock vof confessors and martyrs, or called at the eleventh hour by the loving kindness of our Ee deemer, have all alike ranked yourselves in one varray to support us, who before God can have no ? claim upon your love or your allegiance, save that the vicar of Jesus Christ has invested us with the mission and office of the Apostles. And here we would affectionately and gratefully ask you to bear with us, and not to harbour for a moment the thought that we have been insensi ble to the expression of kindness and confidence . - which have reached us in these last days, by word and by letter. They have so far exceeded in number both our time and power to answer them in' writing, that we can only ask you to Wait until, either by letter or in person, we can herestfter express to you our gratitude. ? Thus much we have felt bound in conscience before God to say in rendering you our thanks. It.would be a cheap and trivial thing to use professions of devotedness to you in return. *We have no more ardent desire than to die in -is .the midst of the flock, pastors and sheep toge ther, like the great pastor and father of this diocese who is now resting in the midst of us. A lew short years — and few they must be — .'spent'like the many years of his great Pontificate, : under the splendour of his memory, and in the : path which he has traced us, — this is the most fervent prayer we make to the tender love of ?our Divine Master. Having already had twice, m the most public manner, the happiness of expressing the love and veneration we bear to our late illustrious pastor j .and father, we have purposely refrained from j ? doing so again at this time. Nevertheless we i ^cannot forbear in this place to say with what :joy we made it our first public act to promote j 'the building of the cathedral which your grati- j tude and love has resolved to erect to his memory. All that we can do to forward this work of your j filial piety shall be done with our whole heart. ? Bear with us for speaking thus far of ourselves. It has been forced upon us by our first entrance among you and by your charity. I may say | ^'Vos m.e coegistis.' If fault there be, it is your kindness which has caused it. And as it is the. first time, so we hope it may be the last. It would be a fault to say less or more. We -will now turn to other thoughts, which from li(»Tir-Afnvtli will be our dailv work. : If the task before us is difficult by reason of ? personal infirmity, it is easy in itself. We have ? no new mission to commence, no theology to .^construct, no principles to find. The living ^Church of God moves on majestic and changeless :feom age to age. A great pastor goes to his ' steward ; a lesser enters in his place ; but all personal inequalities are lost in the immutable and divine office of the Church. The same ^divine faith, the same mind, the same Catholic ►spirit, with all its delicacy of instinct, tact, and ?sensitive purity, guides and sustains the Church in England as in Rome in the nineteenth century as' in the first. We have nothing but what we ihave received. We have received all that Jesus \ communicated to His Church, in which we lose ourselves to be reproduced by it again with a life and light derived from its own. ; In England this is emphatically true. Your ancestors of the last three hundred years have upon them the aureolas ' of martyrdom, exile, igriominy, and the Cross. In no part of the ?Catholic unity is there to be found a Church which is . more ennobled by the recent victories and splendours of its children. Nothing could have survived the storm but li the victory which tfivercometh - khe world, bur faith.' The '?'remnant1 Bayed according' to the election of jgicace^'iyet liVea ©retransmitting with its life; its 'instincts, arid spirit of fidelty to the truth and to the Apostolic See. And this remnant has received again its perfect organisation, and. is expanding once more 'with an even and steady i growth. With such a Divine power in our ; hands, what can be difficult ? There is nothing' we may hot hope for, nothing we may not ask ; 01 tne Lord oi the harvest. And for this our late lamented pastor, with the largeness and foresight which marked all his administration, has made an abundant provision by multiplying the centres , of ecclesiastical and corporate agency. These permanent works are the stronghold of the truth, and the eruarantees of a future which the world may deride, but every Catholic heart can forecast. To these two grounds of confidence we must not forget to add a third, namely, the labour of a body of priests as simple,_ as exemplary, and as unworldly as any clergy in the world. Add to this once more, the fidelity, generosity devotion, and piety of a laity, who bear worthily the names of their ancestors, and are true wit nesses of the inextinguishable faith of Ireland in all its sorrows, and of the. constancy of England in all its humiliations of the Catholic name. We can bear testimony from personal knowledge in these last years to the deep and fervent piety which animates the Catholics of London in every condition of life from the highest to the hum blest. ?'?'.. Thus far, indeed, the work is easy. Beyond this all is arduous. The mission of the Church to London and to the English people has nothing analogous since the mission of the Church to Rome and its imperial race. If St. Paul so loved his kinsmen according to the flesh that he would willingly have been anathema from Christ for their salvation, we need not be ashamed of the love we bear to our separated brethren. In the supernatural order the Church is our native , land ; in the natural, our mother country. We 1 ' love both, but with a discriminating charity ; I the higher and the lower with a due and propor tionate subordination. There can be no collision between these two orders of duty, unless the one or the other deviate from the principles of its constitution. This the Church of God cannot do. This, alas, three hundred years ago, our rulers and country did. It is, unhappily, thereby at variance with the first principles of the unity, authority, and infallibility of the Church of God, which are more precious than life itself. The Catholic Church in England would not be aggressive, if England were within the light and unity of the Catholic Church. We have no aggressive aims but those which inspired the Apostles when they went forth to convert the world, and to gather the nations into the benedictions and the peace of eternal life. Much less have we implacable hostilities except against sin and falsehood, and whatsoever dishonours God and destroys the soul of man. We are, in deed always in controversy, but we are not con troversialists. Life is too short for polemical encounters to amuse the idle. It is one of the devices of the enemy of souls to divert attention, and to waste time. When our Divine Lord sent forth His disciples, He said, ' Salute no man by the way.' And surely the inflexible and unre laxing execution of our great errand forbids us to turn aside and to lose time and opportunity,, if not souls in battles of words. Our controversy is of another character, such as none can venture except they who speak under the guidance of a Divine voice ; who can say, as the prophets and apostles said of old, without possibility of error, 'Thus said the Lord.' The Church teaches with authority, calm, precise, and positive. And the conscience in men, and the Spirit of God in the conscience,, respond to the Divine voice. Let such be our promulgation of the eternal truths, in season and out of season, cast ing the seed by all waters, going onward, waiting the time of the harvest after many days. None but the Church of God can speak to the nations of the word. Whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear, they know that the voice claims to be not of man but of God. And every way God is glorified, even when we seem most to fail, when men reject our word, and cast out our names as evil, even then the witness of Jesus is accomplished ; and in oiir weakness and isolation, in the midst of a lordly world, we may say with calmness and holy fear the words of the apostle : ' Thanks be to God who always maketh us to .triumph in Christ Jesus, and manifesteth the odour of his knowledge by us in every place. For we are the good odour of Christ unto God, in them that are saved and in them that perish. To the one, indeed, the odour of death unto death ; but to the others, the odour of life unto life. And for these things who is suffi cient.' But this divine mission, so severe in its se paration for life or for death, has been com mitted to those who, needing mercv, have .earned to show mercy. The Good Shepherd, because He is compassed with our infirmities, knows how to have pity upon the weak and the tempted. He has, therefore, committed the care of the flock not to His Angels who excel in strength, but to us who must first be washed in His most precious blood ; that so we may have compassion upon those who sin and are out of the way. In such a land as this, reverend and dear brethren, we have especial need to bear in mind this provision of His mercy. It is not enough for us to wield in our hands the perfect truth ; we must also bear in our hearts the more perfect charity. 'More tru'h, more charity' is an axiom of the science cf Jesus. Truth without charity wounds, inflames, and repels. Truth spoken in charity illuminates, heals, and' subdues. Truth is keen and severe in itself, and woe to us if we poison its edge by human passion or controversial bitterness. In such a land as this, and in the midst of such spiritual confusions, the mere enunciation of the one holy faith, out of which is no salvation, is sharp and wounding to the susceptibilities ' and prejudices of men. But in this we have no choice. 'A necessity lieth upon me, for ;woe is unto me if I preach not the Gospel.' i They will impute to you the sharpness which \ belongs to your message. Speak aa you will, with the gentleness of St. Francis of Sales, or the sweetness of St. Philip Neri, they will arraign you of bitterness. Only let us, then, give no occasion by personal heat, or biting words, or asperity of tone. Charity and pati ence, with an inflexible witness to the presence and voice of a Divine teacher, who calls on all men to submit as disciples to His guidance, will, at last, win bouIs on whom : all the gifts and ; cultivation of the natural order fall powerless. We have this encouragement. The work of God in England cannot be stayed. 'Verbum Dei non est aUieratum.' ' The Word of God is not bound.?' ? No chains can bind it, no human will arrest its expansion, The perfect revelation of the day of Pentecost, with, its proper motives of credibility, has once more fairly entered into the intelligence of the English people. It is possessing itself gradually and irresistably of a large sphere in public opinion. It manifests itself not only to those who, day by day, submit to it in faith, but even to those who hesitate gainsay, resist, and reject it. A generation ago, who ever heard- of the Catholic doctrine but a few retired men among their books, or here and there some simple person converted as by a special providence of God ? Not so now. The work of the faith in England is not the work of individuals upon individuals, but of the Church upon the intelligence of Englishmen. Multi tudes who are separated from the Catholic Church, and actively opposed to it, are daily be coming conscious of its presence, of its voice calling them to faith, of its doctrines, above aU of its unity in the midst of their divisions, and of its expansion in the midst of the advance ing dissolution of all other religious systems. It is surely by a disposition of the Divine Head of the Church, that in the heart of the nineteenth century, when both the intellects and the wills of men have reached an excess of unbelief and of licence in matters of revelation, of morals and of politics, that the Vicar of oar Lord, the teacher of all Christians, — as the Council of Florence entitles him — should twice, in these last years, have spoken with the voice of infallible truth ; thereby testifying not only to the singular prero gative which, as the first fruits of grace was bestowed upon the Immaculate Mother of God, and to the great constructive principles of morality and jurisprudence on which the Chris tian world is founded, but also to the perpetual assistance of the Spirit of God, by whose light the Church and its Pontiffs, in all ages, now as in the beginning, discern and declare the limits of falsehood and of truth. The dogmatic Bull of the Immaculate Conception, and the Ency clical of last year, will, we believe, mark an epoch in the reconstitution of the Christian order of the world. The wise and learned may deride us. We can well afford to wait till the derision of the nineteenth century is buried with the heresies of the last eighteen. Nor is it in the intellectual order alone that the Catholic faith is invading the mind of our country. It is penetrating even more deeply into the spiritual consciousness of the people. Let a handful of unreasonable pietists or of antiquated controversialists say what they will, the English people do not believe us to be idolators nor anti-Christs. Our churches are open to them. They have seen the Divine worship of the Holy Mass with their own eyes, and heard the words of our pastors with their own ears. There is a widespread reaction from the traditions which the blindness and deafness, of religious prejudice has so long propagated. Since the end of the last century there has been a profound reawakening of the minds of men. With some little extravagance, indeed, the religious sense of England has been stirred into an earnest belief of the eternal truths. Men are looking about for a guide in the way of salvation ; for a teacher to whom they may intrust their souls ; for a Church which knows what it means, and means what it says ; for a hierarchv which is not divided : for a keener of Holy Writ who guards every jot and every tittle of the Sacred Books ; for an interpreter who does not contradict himself, for pastors who, day by day, in all the world, absolve sinners in the | confessional, but require confession of sin by a divine and universal law as a condition of abso lution ; for a deep interior, evangelical life after the pattern of the GospeL when men, taking Jesus at His word, sold all they had and followed their Master ; for a religion which is one and the same in every place and in every nation under Heaven ; in perfect harmony with itself, the only perfect interpretation of the Holy Scripture, in all its commandments, precepts, and coun sels, and therefore the only Scriptural religion. It will not long be doubtful where these things are alone to be found. When another generation has effaced the scars of old prejudices, it is cer tain that common sense, just judgment, and straightforward manliness of Englishmen will turn to the only voice in the midst of them which never falters, to the only system which is coherent and true to itself. But we must never forget that over all these intellectual and spiritual currents of the natural order there is a supernatural ministry of grace and power disposing all things for the sake of the elect. Lights, inspirations, impulses, penetrat ing fears of the Divine presence, drawings and benedictions of the Divine love are ever at work upon the intelligence, the heart, the conscience, and the' will of this great people. Truth seems to hang in the air, and to descend by no dis coverable law upon individuals and households, in seasons the least looked for, and in ways the least foreseen. What is all this, reverend and dear brethren, but the grace and visitation of Him who shed His most precious blood for the souls which crowd and die in this great city ? We are workers together with him: a mission arduous but blessed. To save one soul is reward enough for a life of toil ; to gathe^mwiy into life eternal is beyond all we dare tcvl!g|L ' And* yet it is promised to us : ' They thaWare learned shall shine as the brightness of the firmament, and they that instruct many to justice as the st u-s to all eternity.' Happy are they to who .. this work of grace and peace is committed as i you. And happy are we in knowing that day \\-y day, at all hours, we may say day and night, often without the rest necessary for health and life, you are labouring for the salvation of the flock for which we must give account. Though most unworthy to foe set over you, yet God is witness, we have no more heartfelt and fervent desire than to live and labour to the end5 as we have in years that are past, feebly indeed, but gladly, 'spending and being spent' with the souls for whom Christ died. And now, dear brethren and children in Jesus Christ, the law of the Universal (Dhureh binds its pastors in the bonds of filial dependence to the successor of St. Peter, the foundation of all jurisdiction over souls, but for a special per mission of the Holy Father, would have obliged us to leave you for a season. ! Thottgh we have received from the hands of our brethern of the province the episcopal character; we cannot exercise the fulness of jurisdiction until we have received either in person or by proxy from the hand of the Vicar of our Lord the pallium which both signifies arid conveys our participation' in ] the fulness of the pastoral office. It will be; our desire to ask hereafter in person this last grace of the sovereign'pontiff, and to return as'Jspeedily as we may. Nor can we feel that By such an absence we shall be wanting in anything to you, because we are assured that in noway, under J God, can we be rendered less unworthy to J minister to you than by first seeMrig of him, J who represents on earth our Divine Master, the I light and guidance which: flows from His apos- ! tolical- benediction : and because we know that I the unity and prosperity of the Church depends I upon the most intimate union with its visible head* and that not visibly alone; but inwardly by a conformity of both the intellect and the will to his mind and spirit. The perfection of a Christian is docility to the Divine voice, and the organ of the Divine voice is the- Church speak by its head. This the men of the world call feeble, unmanly, and slavish, an abnegation of personal conviction and personal independence. I You have received another, Gospel in which the 1 most masculine intellect, arid the most inflexible | will learns to exercise its fullest powers in their i amplest liberty with the mind' of a little child,. I and the' docility of a disciple. Such is the spirit 1 we have learned of you, and such is the filial dependence which unites us; both pastor and flock, to the sacred person of the Vicar of the Son of God. Finally, dear brethren and5 children in Christ, we commend ourselves to your charity and to your prayers, in full confidence that you will' obtain for us the graces we need to serve you in the truth and love of Jesus Christ : especially we would ask you to intercede for us in tne presence of our Divine Redeemer in the holy I sacrifice, and to commend us to the prayers of j our blessed and immaculate mother. We, on our I part, will bear you affectionately in mind, when .! we ask for ourselves and for the flock committed I to us^ the blessing of our Holy Father, happily i reigning in the midst of the long perturbations j of a glorious pontificate. Meanwhile w.e com- \ mend you to the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, j to- the love of the Father, and to the sanctifica tion of the Holy Ghost, one God over alii blessed for ever. Amen. Given at Westminster this 8th day of June, I in the year 186*5, being Thursday within the i Octave of Pentecost, and the day of our conse- I eration ; and ordered to be read in all churches 1 and chapels of the diocese on Trinity Sunday, '1 when the annual collection will be made for the i church building fund. M Henry Edward, Archbishop Elect. 1 John Canon Morris, Secretary. I ? i 