THE POPE AND THE FRENCH CLERGY. ( Translated from the Union.) The Pope lately received in a special audience all the French ecclesiastics now in Rome, in number about two hundred. They were presen ted to bis Holiness, by Monsignor the Bishop of; Autun, who remained near to the Pope during the reception. The Clergy were admitted in, groups as nearly as possible by dioceses or by provinces. Each was desirous to kiss, the feet of His Holiness, to tbe gratification of which wish he graciously gave every facility. The ceremony took much time, but it was visible to all that the good-nature of tbe Pope, so far from beirjgwearied,onlyincreased?andtheemotionof bis mind found expression in his countenance, which seemed to be kindled up by sentiments of joy and hai pinest. At length not being able to restrain himself any longer, His Holiness rose and ad dressed the assembled Clergy and in a discourse of which tbe following is the substance. His Holiness expressed the profound happi ness which be experienced at seeing himself surrounded by so large a number of the French Clergy, ' for,' said he, with a sweet smile, «' I have a great love for the French.' He advised them all to have an ardent zeal for the salvation of souls and for their own sanctification, adding that tbe age in which in which we live is an age of struggle and of combat, and that Catholics ought to show themselves to be the intrepid de fenders of the rights of religion and justice. ' The Cuurcb,' continued His Holiness, 'has always had struggles, but those which she has now to confront are perhaps greater tbat those which have preceded them. Have confidence however ; lor the result of tbe struggle cannot be doubtful. There are some who hope to settle everything l»y a kind of bargain, as if a compromise could be made with conscience, and as if the Church could traffic with principles. You, my dear children, will strive with energy, and you will not yield to error. In order to sustain your efforts, I desire now to give you my blessing. I pray tbe Blessed Mary Alacoque, whose relics we are placing on our altars, to help- you by her powerful intercession with God. I bless you all in tt.6 name of the Almighty Father, and of His Well- Beloved Son and of tbe Holy Ghost. May tbis blessing rest upon you and preserve you in your journey, in which I will accompany you with my prayers.' Tbe Pope was deeply moved and so were those whom he addressed, fur amongst those two hun dred kneeling Priests bowing under tbe upraised band of the sovereign Pontiff, the Common Father of the Faithful, there were very few who had not.tears in their eyes, and who did not experience on tbis occasion one of the happiest emotions of tbeir lives. Tbe words of the Huly Father have produced a lively impiession, not only on these who were present, but wherever the words have been repeated. His Holiness three time* dwelt upon the necessity of courage ously defending the rights of the Church, and energetically resisting all compromise on the subject. Under present circumstances, and amidst tbe different reports whicb are in circulation, it is impossible to exaggerate the importance of this addiess. Tbe Pope bas anticipated all the pro positions likely to be made to him. 