WALTER SAVAGE LANDOR. (From the London Rtvie, .) ITAlY--the grave of Shelley, of Keats, and of Elizabeth Barrett Browning-this week sends us news of the death, at sunny and illustrious Florence, of Walter Savage Landor, another English poet, not so decidedly great as the three we have men tioned, yet of a rare and exquisite genius. The poet of the Cenci, thIe singer of Endymion and of tihe early gods, and the rapt and passion-wasted woman who consumed her fragile life in tihe glory and power of her mental creativeness, all died prematurely - the first two especially so. Landor, on the contrary, seemed to conserve his vitality in the warm and caressing south, until he attained an age far beyond the ordinary span of human beings. When he drew his last breath, on the 17th of Sept., he wanted less than five months of ninety. The death of so venerable a member of the literary republic, though one has expected to hear of it, almost day by day, for some years past, cannot fail, when at length it comes, to comamunicate a shock even greater than we should experience from the decease of much younger men. When a monagen anrian of distindtion dies, he seems to carry away with him a portion of the preceding age, with which it is always interesting and agreeable to possess a few living links. Year by year, the lingering relics of the old Georgian times are being taken from among us, and soon there will be no one left who can talk from personal recollections of the days of the first French revolution. The author of the Imaginary Conversations was almost the very last of that great band of literary men-poets and prose writers who cast such a light over the close of the eighteenth and commencement of the nine teenth centuries. We cannot recollect any writer, even of the latter part of that era, still spared to us, besides Dr. Proctor; and Barry Cornwall was quite a cadet in com parison with such veteran captains and colonels as Wordsworth, Coleridge, Southey, and Landor. It was about the time of the Reign of Terror, or but shortly after, that Lander published his first volume of poems; yet up to a very recent date his familiar name appeared every now and then in the newspapers at the foot of verses and philipics on contemporary events. We are accustomed to regard Byron, Shelley, and Keats as men of an epoch long gone by, and in many respects very different from our own; yet the oldest of the three-Byron was but six or seven years of age when Lander commenced his public career as an author; and Keats, if he were living, would still only be sixty- eight. Though some years younger than Rogers, Landor be longed to thesame general period, and when Rogers died he seemed to succeed to the old ibanker- poet's honours, as the literary representative of the past revolu tionary era. In many respects he was a much more fitting representative than Rogers; for he was himself revolutionary a genuine lijroduct of the scorchinglava-flood which, seveaty years ago, and more, rolled over the mind of Europe, and like the actual lava.flood of Etna and Vesuvius, fertilised and warmed into rich growths of corn and vine the fields which it might at first havo seemed to desolate. Rogers, indeed, belonged even to the pre-revolu tionary periad. Hie called, when he was a young man, at Johnson's chambers in Bolt court, and ran away in terror of the grim old Leviathmn when his hand was on the knocker. Johnson died in 1784, at which time the ocient order of things was still undisturbed; so that Rogers's tastes and feelings were formed before the outbreak of Paris. Lndor, however, was not born until 30th fanuary, 1775, and was therefore only fourtean years in 1789, the time from which the!actual revolution in France may be said to' date. Consequently, his mind, at a most impressionable time of life, re ceived a Sepublican and democratic bias from the daily progress of events on the other side of the Channel. All the enthusi astic young men of that time were republi cans. Wordsworth, Coleridge, and Southey, in the warmth and ardour of their youth hymned 'The glorious advent of liberty, andt concocted schemes for the regeneration of the world, and became disenchanted ?ss . many ,10, and, in mo.???ns ? metunanc, do iono e side of rampart toryism. Landor had a deeper faith in the principles which he epoused in early life, or a more stubborn pride of consistency; for, to his eternal honour, be it said, he preserved even to the end, amidst the frosts and snows of age, his youthful passion for the universal freedom of mankind. That pas sion, we camnnot but think, sometimes evinced itself in very injudicious forms. In this hatred of tyrants he vindicated the stupid mistake of tyrannicide, and even at one time publicly offered a reward to any one who would kill a despot. His liberal ism was moulded too much on the ancient classical type, which, to say the truth, the world has outgrown, even in those states which stand grievously in need of reform of some kind; but it contained a fine germ of noble principles, and it is a grand and an un usual spectacle to see a manholdingtohis lofty conception of human progress and ameliora tion long afteragehasdimmedhiseyesand en feebled the enegies of his soul. It is so common a thing for men as they grow old to lose their faith in the nobler aspirations of youth-it is, indeed, *so natural a result of disappointment, and failure, and weariness of heart, and the soreness of long conflict, and the bitter experiences of life, to say nothing of the baser motives which influence many-that we ordinarily pass over the of fence with a certain silent palliation, though it is really one of the melancholy evidences of human frailty. But the reputation of Landor needs no such excuses. Though coming of an aristocratic stock-for he com bined in his veins some of the best blood of Warwickshire and Staffordslhire-he was from first to last true to the popular prin ciples he espoused as a boy; and when, in 1808, he raised a troop of volunteers, and went out to Spain to fight on the side of the people against the invasion of Napoleon, or when, in subsequent days, he returned to King Ferdinand his commission as a colonel, and the record of thanks of the Supreme Junta, on that monarch setting aside the constitution, he was not more thoroughly imbued with the love of freedom, and with sympathy for the oppressed of all races, than when in very recent years lihe ]hailed the uprising of the Italian people, and prophesied the downfall of the Papal tyranny. His own personal predilections were for the ancient republican form of government which shines with such ideal grandeur from the annals of Greece and Rome; and he would probably have been pleased to see the Areopagus sitting again at Athens, and consuls governing Italy once more from the palaces of the Eternal City. But he was not bigoted to these classical and scholarly tastes. He was for some years very friendly to the second French empire, though he afterwards broke with Louis Napoleon, and rated him bitterly, be cause hie thought he had not fulfilled the liberal programme of the Iddes, and had treacherously retreated from the war of 1859; and we believe hlie accepted the mo narchical governmentof VictorEmmanuelas a legitimate expression of the national will. So, also, in his earlier years, with the rule of King Ferdinand of Spain, which he helped to rescue from the intervention of Napoleon, on the understanding that he meant to govern constitutionally. Landor, therefore, cannot be said to have been a fanatical republican; but there can be no doubt that he had an individual partiality for the elective form of government. We recollect reading some verses of his in a weekly contemporary at the time of the French revolution of 1848, in which he exhorted the provisional govern ment not to amend or re-construct monarchy, as in 1830-not To try and prune the deadly tree, But wrench the root ofroyalty. We have not seen this poem since.the time in question, but we believe the quotation is exact. Masculine, nervous writing, that, for a man of seventy- three ! The same classic tastes which made Landor a republican gave the form and colour of his genius. He composed in Latin where most other men would have chosen their own language; and even when he wrote in English (which he handled with consummate power and grace) he thought, so to say, in Latin and Greek. His poetry was sta tuesque in its outline, its proportions, its repose, its pale marmoreal beauty, its free dom from anything startling, passionate, tumultuous, and gorgeous, and its appeal to the inner perceptions of cultivated minds; his prose, though full of implied feeling and subtle harmony, had the severity. and the jealous restraint of a mind disciplined by familiarity with the demi-gods of the ancient world. His Imaginary Conversations are rich in thought and individuality, and, though far from being popular reading, will retain a permanent place in English letters. Next to the glories of Greece and Rome, medieval Italy had the greatest attractions for Landor, and there can be no doubt that he profoundly apprehended the character of the Italian people-their faults as well as their virtues. The best years of his life were spent in his exquisite villa near Florence, within sight of those "Etrurian shades" which, "high over reached em bower" the slopes of Vallombrosa; amidst the splendid memories of the old commercial republic, and companioned by the ghosts of statesmen, soldiers, poets, painters, archi tects, and philosophlers,-the stately proces sion of four centuries, from Dante to Galileo. Though Landor for awhile abandoned France and Italy, his heart must assuredly have always been there; and, after a residence of a few years at Bath-the English city which, above all others, possesses, both in its build ings and in its surrounding scenery, an Italian character-he returned to the banks ofthe Arno, and in the land of his affections has at length concluded his long life. He had a great admiration of the Tuscan dis position, and used to say that the people must go to Tuscany to know what a true gentleman is. The last few years of his life had the languor and something of the weari-. ness of extreme age. He is now, however, at rest in that solemn repose which is ap pointed for us all; but his genius will be alive, and working on the minds of others, long after we, who have no such legacy to bequeath, shall have followed him. 