SERMON BEFORE THE BREAKING OUT OF THE WAR IN AMERICA. The Register, published at Brandon, Miss., gives a partial report of a sermon preached a few weeks since at Waterproofs, not far from Brandon. It is to be regretted that the whole sermon was not preserved. The following para- graphs show the spirit of the preacher:— "I may say to you, my breethering, that I am not an edecated man, an' I am not one o' them as bleeves that edecation is necessary fur a gospel minister, fur I bleeve the Lord edecates preach- ers jest as he wants 'em to be edecated, an', although I say it that oughtn't to say it, yet in the State of Indianny, whar I live, thar's no man as gits a bigger congregation nor what I gits. "Thar may be some here to-day, my breethring, as don't know what persuasion I am uv. Well, I may say to you, my breethring, that I'm a Hardshell Baptist. Thar's some folks as don't like the Hardshell Baptists, but I'd ruther hev a hard shell as no shell at all. You see me here to-day, my breethring, drest up in fine close, you most think I was proud, but I am not proud, my breethering, and although I've been a preacher uv the Gospel for twenty year an although I'm capting of that flat boat that lies at yure landing I'm not proud, my breethering. " I'm not a gwino ter toll you odzackly whar my tex may bo found, Bufllco it tu say it's'tweon leds of tho Biblo an you'll find it, somowhar 'twoen tho first chapter of tho book of Genera- tion and tho last diopter of tho book of Eovolu tions, and of you'll go sorch tho Scriptures, as I havo sarchod tho Scriptures, you'll not only find my tex thar but a great many other toxes as will do you good to read, an' my tex whon you shill find it, you Bhill find it to road thus: ?' And ho played on a harp uv a thousand strings sporits of just mon made perfcok.' "My tox brothering leads mo to spoak uv sperit. Now thar's a great many kinds of sporits in the world?in the fust placo, thar's tho sporits as sum folks call ghosts, thou thor's tho sperits nv turpon timo, and thon thar's tho sporits as somo folks cnll liquor, and I've got as good an artikcl uv them kind of sporits on my lint boat, as ever was fotched down tho Mississippi River, but thar's a great many other kinds of sporits, for the tox soz, * Ho played on a harp uv a thousand strings?sperits uv just mon made perfeck.' "But I'll tell you tho kind uv sporits as is mont in tho tox, it's uro. That is tho kind of sperits as is mont in tho tex, my brotlioring. Now thar's a great ninny kinds uv fire in tho world. lu tho fust ploco, thar's tho common sort uv Aro you lite a segar or pipo with, and thon thai-'B cam fire, fn-o beforo yuro roddy nnd fidl back, and many othor kinds uv Uro, for the lox soz, ' Ho playod on a harp uv a thousand strings?sporits uv just mon made perfcok.' " But I'll toll you tho kind uv fire as is mont in tho tox, my breothoring?it's hell fire, an' that's tho kiiid itv fire as a great many uv you'll como to, of you dont do hotter nor what you havo bin doin? for ' He played on? tho harp uv a thousand strings?sperits uv just men mado perfcok. " Now tho different sorts of firo in tho world may bo likened unto tho different persuasions of Christians in tho world. In tho fust pbico wo havo tho Piscupalions, and thoy aro a high sailin' and a high falutin sot, and thoy bo likened unto o turkey buzzard that flio3 up into tho air, nnd ho goes up and up till ho looks ;io bigger than your finger noil, and tho fust thing you know ho cums down and down, and down nnd down, and is filliu' himself on tho karkiss of a dead boss by the side uv tho road?and ' Ho played on a harp uv a thousand strings?sperits of just mon mado porfeck.' " And thon thar's tho Methcdis, and they may- be likened unto tho squire], i-iimiin' up into a treo, for tho Mothedis blieves in gwino on from ono dogroe uv graco to anothor, and finally on to porfeckshun, and tho squirrel goes up and up, up and up, and ho jumps from lim to lim, and brandi to branch, and tho fust thing you know ho falls, and down ho cums kertlumniux, and that's Uko tho Mothedis for thoy is allora fallin' from grace, ah! And?' Ho playod on n harp uv a thousand strings?sporits of just mon mode porfeck.' "And then my broetlioring thar's tho Baptist, ah! and they hov bin likened unto a possum on a simion treo, and thunders may roll, mid then tho earth may quako, hut that possum clings thoro still, ah ! And you may shako ono foot loose, and tho othor'B 1 har, and you may shako all foot looso, and ho laps his tail around tho limb, and ho clings furovor, for?' Ho playod on a harp uv a thousaud strings?sporits of just mon mado porfeck.' " [Here tho reporter could no longer contain himself, and his notes bocamo entirely unintel- ligible] 