A RUSSIAN GHOST STORY". .' (PBovr"HT'IMJST ÁKS'S omit aroHt,''ïN BLACKWOOD s TJië first'thing which my sjater-in-law asked, mo.next morning .was wheller I toad heard the Bounds in the night. ., On my. admitting that i ' had;-she said that she had not fett ao frightened \- as upon the last, occasion^ and remarked that' \- 8hç supp osed in ! tinio we would ge/ quite .accus Coined to.them. I: told her I had already so far'"'overcome my original dre td,' that I had determined in my own mind to make another noc*<nri]al\fxperiehce, and' proposed to her to -join wv;?; However biara one.may. bo ¡nd¡vid*, nally; a companion on Euch occasions is allays ani'mme'pse support. To ray great delight she readily consented ti my proposai. I targes*ed .that we should not wait until the next Satur . day night, bot try at once, and keep on making experiments every night during theweek ; by these'means, if nothing was seen or beard, we, whoold'have become accus omed to'the lone í lineas of theGreit Ha 1, and bs better able to lace the dangers of the fatal Sa urd»y. Ism ' hoiínü jo 'sáy th it we parsed the whole of thia day. in a fever of excitement and anticipation, I weat haif a dozen times into the Great Hall, \- impelled thither by a fssciaation which waa quite irresistible. I gazed at all the pictures, f examined 'all '.the,,' papeUing' ascended the ma'ssive staircase ; which nevertheless creaked even with my light weight, and became fami'iar with every object whioh a ' hea'ed imagination could.',possibly/turávínto a ghost.' .Gaunt . . figuiei iri armour, iWithi a dim light upon them, \- ere especially ghost-like: and 'supe- natural The bars of their yisors a! ways'ooked like long . teetbV;and they,' make a nasty rattle when you . touch them, extremely disagreeable in tile dark. I determined that 1 should a low: my miad to rost on Done of these things when I came at night with Olga!,,' lndeeilrI tried to take one \- warrior tb pieces, on purpose to feel on intimate: terms with him, and succeeded so fat tha' I go'.i v his helmet off,-and-eould- not-got-it on again ; -*o,.aa; a piece, of i bravado, Ii put it under his arm, end made him look-more ghastly thon ever. Then I;went back to -he drawing-room, and by'thè,rtimo ten o'clock .Btrock I bad worked roj;self,,up into such a r.'ckles^ly ,defiant mord, Altit'I felt almost in'oxicated with excitements Olga caught the infection. We c.uld scarcely > restrain our impatience till tho momont came, to dismiss tho. seryarits ; then wo jumped ,up, and waltzed'ronnd the room, a sort of war din ce . of iriumphand defiance. Then we lighted ersry candle,..'and went in o the billiard-room and lighted it tip too, careless of what the servants/ would suppose-laughing, indeed, at the terror ?wilton* the unusual illumination -would inspire,'1 and'whioh wou'd; certainly be attributed to a jfiosse'ól debauched ghosts ;,then, '.we p'ayed a , noisy, game of, billiards, all which,: he it remem-. i l)3ièd,-w.as'merely a form of Dutch courage. 'Wá w'f're both by this time in. our 'secret. ,aouls rxç'ëâsîyëly terrified.' ;Both wonld,. killingly' >!iave; daçced, tiff to bed instead' of iron nd .the: tbH!i>rd:tabie ; i but our honor was ¡at-stako; and» sve°fcept! up; appearances : magnified jtlyi ' At last'the¡ midnight hour. 8tnick>'and..arinibg';onrr'l: selves each with' a coe in one handnnd 8[ cande in tho other, we marched defi.ntly towards the Grsat'HulK The first tiling 1 saw was- my friend th i warrior whom I bad left » Uh ,his head; unler : his brm,,glaring at me , with his black, ghastly cavern;of a mouth and hollow eye sockets ; but, lo tey horror and dismay, h is'head waa back, again upon his, shoulders 1 AßlnQne pf .the'servants would have'.ventured, -into: the Hall since the comparatively.hte hoar >tliat I had last visited it/ I waB driven to the : UDplca<aht conclusion .thit' this mailed knight . haul either, put on his own head,, or liad got ah \- equally unearthly, friend toput it on: for .him. \- I felt my .'courage'' already giving way, so I laughed and talked boisterously,' and rapped his helftiet soundly 'with my one, as I told the story, in à loud tone to Olga. Shè was at the other end of the room, tapping the panelling with ber cue, as;Sher laughingly' said,' loud, enough'tb' drown tba! sound bf the gb OBI'S ' drum; Wo teemed both p,ene|ra'e'd with .the conviction that \- our-only chance of safety hy in making as much noise1 as possible, so I began -.to tap the panels on my side' of the, room also. At that moment the'/rno&t; piercing scream I ever heard issue from , mortal , throat bu.st from Olga ;> her ? oand'e dropped with a crash, and before I could I09trrpnnd.°Bhè'tpre;'vfildiy past muj screaming ?.** Eily J fly ! saveyouT^^ admonition. Nevor turning my head, I rushed after'her to'the passage leading tothe drawing room,'my'cándlé also: going out,and iii we both \- weqt^.tó "tho brii|ía'ntly'li¿hted room, pale,' «psa-íipsi and. exhaurted. Our. first cara ; was to double-lock the door by which we had just cctô'redi.¡ and as, in ' order to ''regain'our bed roomj?, ii .fas' necessary .,to traverse the grant' .pofjBftg^, ¿ow dark.we rested fora, micuie while 1 lighted my candie, and Olga took another ' \- out'of the candelabra. ' This gaye me time to . think that a rotre'Vt to the cottage,' ufter all'my iespjntioñs, without even . knowing what had. 'happened, wou'd I e ignominious, so I implored. Olga' to s t down and c dm herself, and give me some reason for'her extravagant alarm. I bad tfrkpn the precaution to provide sundry restora- tives in case .pf our needing them, and in a few moments fhe had comparatively regained h ?r tranquillity;. All she contd say WOB, that BS she was tapping the panel po which WSB painted tho Solavonian warrior, the cue was suddenly: -drown out of her hand by.some invisible infla enco. ^ She had. riot let it drop, nor had she brought it back with her. , There was, no deny- ing the fact; the cue had vanished-but how, remained a mystery. When she felt it hoing pulled from ber hand she screamed, dropped . the light, turnod aod fled, and she could give; me no fanher information opon the subject. Meantime , we eat and listened. Not a aoond could we hearjoxoopt he murmur of the.wind and the rustling of tho pine brandies which over- hung the window. Feeling , that this silence would unnerve us, and reluctant to yield to Olga's entreaties to go to tho cottage, I pro- posed that we should return to the billiard room, look both the doors, and play a game of billi trdï. A ghost would scarcely be bold enough to enter a room iu which there were titeen candles burning; and if the sounds were as loud as usual, wo would sit there and listen to them sifely. After some hesitation my companion consented to this arrangement, and wo went through tho form ol knocking the balls' abou', without, however, being abto to .get rid foran instant of the one thought upper ? mott in b.th our minds. Every now and then, «hy mutual consen', we stopped and lis enod, tout not a souud was audible. I was on tho point of proposing another visit to tito hall, when tho bang of a distant door checked the w rds as they roso to uiy lips, and tnadu us both statt ar.d tremble, The.i again pr .foun d atíl'ness. It was cow-nearly two o'clock, but as L bad qiiUe maietnp.my rjaindDovto go to .bed .without one more) !attempt atùgravel ing 'the rcyslerj,, I de'ermiiied first ; quietly t i. go over in; my mind tho events which had occurred up to this poio', hoping that eomebow li rnight hit , upon the clue. As I did so, it : fla ned across mo that uppn the oocssion of my ; firs, visit 1 heard,the'Sighs.whin.I. waa .standing, on, the side .pf the roomnear thepicture of the "Sola.-, yonianiworrior, and that as I ,leBp.t" my,, back against it they seemed nearer and louder. This, than, might ba the haunted spot, rf any one'placé ia this " p v-asessed" old bu ld¡ng was' more haunted than ano her, for .exactly'hore it was that Olga bad los! her cue, .', I't.wäs'a sort of comfort getting some défini e locality to fix upon for invos igatiop',,ond a comfort to h ive a'dis'¡not reason foi, revisiting, the'hall -' my dis inct reason ,being: that I wanted co a?e whether the cue was ljiogupon the fl or, or 'had realty a»! Olga maintained; been spiiiced aw"iy altogoth<?r. My curiosity, on this point wits so great that ,1 firmly resisted all her , endeavours to dissuade me ¡rom going bick I'finally promised, however, ? that we sh'ou'd only go as far as the''(tall door/'Ibis time' o i tiptoe ; -that we should open it gently and |ook in, and te satisfied, if we saw the cue lying on I the floir,1 to leave i: there without venturing further, ; if hot, jo . rest content' with . pur' ex pe Hences for the night, and !put off ear Investig't tions as to what bad become of the ene to some: future occasion.'' This being decided tipon, we orion.'more 'screwed' up ]bo'r courL-go to] 'the. sticking pom'," and re'urned, to <ttae drawing, room, where everything was ;still lighted, and stayed for a moment to listeD. To my dismay and regret, for I saw my companion's rosolution would fail her, wo distinctly lieard a son of shufflingpsouod, as of some one crossing the hali in slippers At this timo I felt such intense anxiety, to know what had become of the cue that I was resolved to go on aloco if Otga would U)t come with mo ; and. when I saw. her sink back almost flinting- into a chair* I felt it would be crusl of rae to urge her farther.'. Indeed, at the moment she.wai so frightened that die was' ' unable even to go back to the cottage, much less to the bal'. I ^therefore crept cau iouily on by myself, and, before opening the door in'O the hall, leant my ear against it and listened. All silen'. ' I put' my hand, g ntly on the old-fash óned la'cli, whioh fortunately, I could turn without noise, and pushed the door softly-open. The<5:clav. onun warrior hung on the wall to the left as I, entered, ?nd as the door SIBO.opened;bsck'intb the. hall on the same side, I fouod I should ba obliged either to.fling it w<j]l bask'or.; advance into the room th order to -have ' á' view of the floor at the foot of the picture, where I expor- ted to find the cue lying.'I should remark that, on páfsiog through the drawing r >om, it occurred.to1 me to take, instead of a candle, a rjeading-lainp ; with a ; very?. s.rón¿: refleitbr, ; whioh, though somewhat heavy, could be made' to throw a b ight light; Before ,pushing the door wide open I gave my lamp an extra-twist; then, with every fibre strung, I took one bold l:Step ¡bib theróom; and tamed tbp'larhp iu'l on ¿lie left, hand wa)l.''.' ,Wh*t I 'then saw fairl» rooted me: to the spot with amazement and dismay. . The -clavonian warrior had'utterly vanished, and in his room, br I. should rather Bayah a room, there appoare'da' ed,a table with a loaf of bread upon it, a chair, a pair of ¡jack boo's, and a. sword' hanging', ab we them. For an in's'ant I felt ß'izy with bewilderment, .theo turned and. fled., I was more thoroughly . frightenol : tlian > if' a légion of drumming ghosts' had rnirohed iTo the hall. The denouement was so úttorly unex.. pected,1'BO terribly real,,sb exactly the reverse of Vupernatnro], that the very contrast was a shock. Spectral figures in white robes, or even tho Sc\avonian warrior beating bis'.own drum, I could hàf.e borne ; but a bed which, had evi- dently, just been occupied, for the clothes ..were all tumbled, a pair of jack-boots probably ju*t pulled ofT, and a half eaten loaf of bread, were sights infinite'y more alarming."1 I felt that the occupant bf the mysterious obamber .mush be the sort of person.who.would.murder nie if be caught me; and -my tell-talb^fsce as .1 rbshed' through the jawing, robm^r^ no expia-' nation, Olga was aufficfent'yrecovered...to .fly after me,, and once more, . breathless and ex h'austed, we reached my bédroprnv1' Hera I ex- plained to 'm'y sister-in-law'what' I had seen, an^( we spent the remaining hours; ti'l. daylight, in j accounting for, the ghostly rounds, and in vague conjectures as to the identity of the indi visual who produced them- The'servan's were somewhat, astonished not only to fiad.os np ut the earliest hour in the morning; but to nocivo ' anorder to send the'white headed steward tons Mean ide !,Mrs P.hillipa hkd .:. heen ? made acquainted with pur discovery, which she com municated ¡n a,tongue of herown invou ion to to'the rest of the household, BO that when the steward came wa were followed by th< who'e eBtab.Mshment "ip the Great .Hail, !. '.To my astonishment, another change" bad' taken placs. nrice my . last visit... The ü^clavoniaú ¡warrior was no longer there, it ÍB true, but no more were the bed, or 'the table,' or the'.chair, or the big' boots, br the .loaf of bread, pr the. sword.. Everything-had 'disappeared except tho room; into .that we',entered.1 It WOB?'bail'; into the solid, wall, here nine'.jeet.thiok'.'^The paqeVocoüpie<¡ by the warrior, had been five feet by seven, and this was the size of the entrance to tho room, The dimension's of it' were as follows-eight feet in bread'h, twelve feet in length seven in height-the floor was one foot : h'gher than that of the Halt. It mi now quito empty, though the s ains of liquid spilt on tho floor showed it ' to ' have been recently occupied. After some difficulty, we succeeded in .drawing out the panel which slided noise lessly along its grove, and the warrior gradually emerged Once more to the light of day. We oxa mined the edge of it carefully, and did no close i completely for fiar of net understand- ing tho trick of tho spring. When wo dis- covered tbo right spot to touch outside' tho panel, we found it acted almost like a hair trigger. It was in the crevice of a rook, against which the warrior was having. Tho »ffeot or a very gontle pressure hore made the panel mil softly back of its own accord ab'ut an inch AB the carving of the panel projected, this opening waa generally in shade, so that it might very well be a little open without b ing visible. Thèro was no difficulty, supposing I hod been loaning wi'hin a foot of this apar; ment, in accounting for the sighs which the occupant lind probab'y retor'ed to as the easiest mode ot fiightening me away, before he bfgiu to lieut his drum. In tho same wy tho point of Olga's cue mtiBt have slipped .nco this r pen- ing, and bren dexterously ur-celled out of her hand. We never saw the cuo og »in. Tho unf-n túnate pîrt;ofxitall ¡sr "tbafc .here -my stjtryends.1' ¡ Who .the;.man wh^lived, in this; ¡room was, i why:he lived triery whether: more ¡.han oço lived-.i here, are all questions which we went oh aèkibgi^ in déspiir.' I 'ü'éi,oftçn" to . Miayept .that,.the. p,d s a várd .knew something about it ¡. but he pte ended to be as much surprised as «ny one of I us <'at'the'.' d tc very.' ' The 'most]likely,hyppthi>Bis is thát¡ so/iie'pbíiticál.refu ïiia abode, ; .pr,:íérVíng it j to ;tífcibei.i¿,!i;or1 . «ömethingÄstiU: moré suiimary. í ! Whoever i ba : wus,': ho'.lnd enjoyed ieee lo ''ging for iWenty yéa'raj as daiing all tba1; period tue castle baJ'been, haunted. 