A VISIT TO THE FITZ110Y MINES. There is something exceedingly refreshing to the : business man in the knowledge that he is getting away from his usual routine of work and toil, and that for the time at least his mind will be altogether freed from the trammels in which his usual avocations hold it. And when to this are added nn entire change of scene, the fresh balmy breezes that come to him untainted by the miasmatic emanations from the thousand and one pestilential holes that a crowded city mu6t always contain in its many nooks and crannies, the bright sun, the clear skv, and the delightful fragrance that springs from nature's own laboratory of the woods, he gets an elasticity of mind and body that re generates and refreshes him, and makes of the stern hard city man a lively sociable companion, such as even his best friends would hardly expect to Bnd him. I experienced something of this feeling myself when after taking my place in the 9 o'clock train on Mon day last, I had' travelled some tenor a dozen miles and began to feel the refreshing effects of the cold sharp air, rendered still sharper and fresher by the rapid travelling. Wearied, dyspeptic, and dull, at starting, 1 brightened up so far as actflally to catch myself exchanging remarks with a fellow traveller, and improved so much as I progressed as to get engaged in a lively conversation with him before I got to Liverpool. It would be but repeating a thrice told tale to tell of the joumoy by rail to Picton, the deep 'cutting, with the blink wall of clay rising on each side, the monotary tones of the bush, saved from the appearance of actual solitude and desertion by fright of parrots hurrying, screaming from the presence of the unknown monster, that clangs and rattles through the woods, or some philosophic cow who looks upon with astonished but lack-lustre eye ; the occasional bursts in upon cleared undulating land dotted here and there with cottages, and the cattle browsing in little knots or crawling lazily away in Indian file to the water; Liverpool, that once flourshing town, now in its decadence, with its ex tensive red bricked houses all woefully out of repair, and seemingly blushing for their own naked and neglected appearance ; the beautiful downs of Mac quarie Fields, with their fine pastures and careful cultivations extending on either side the line far as the eye can reach ; the picturesque Campbelltown, with its whitewashed houses, nestling in the valley, and making futile attempts to creep up the sides of the hills that bound it on the east ; Menangle, and lhe wonders of its viaduct, its stone piers and iron girders ; Picton, and the mountains andridges through which we wind to reach it ; all these, nay more, have been described before by pens of many travellers, and I shall not therefore attempt to touch them, except as I have done, in passing. You must therefore imagine me safely arrived at Picton, with mv passage engaged for the Fitzroy Mines, on board the good coach — but I forgot, I don't thmk it has a name — that runs on alternate days from Picton to Berrima, performing the terrible passage of thirty-five miles in the short space of seven hours, a feat which, for the credit of our coachmasters in the'?e davs of rapid locomotion, deserves to he recorded. Picton is only a small village, and was nnimportant until it became the terminus of the Southern line, as it will be again unimportant when the terminus of the line shall be some other point further on — rather an indefinite date, I must confess, and one that I, judging from the rate at which the work that came under my notice was being carried on, should be inclined to fix at the latter end of the present century. Picton is therefore likely to wear lrer borrowed honours for some time to come. There is a large quan tity of good arable land around it, and the proximity of the railway would seem to have given some impetus to agriculture in this quarter, for there were more signs of work going on than 1 have seen for some years past. From here to Myrtle Creek the signs of cultivation were pretty general. At Myrtle Creek, where poor old Crisp once reigned supreme — Crisp whose courtly bow and polite but somewhat grandiose style of welcome must be so well remem bered by all old travellers— much was changed. The garden on the left of the road that once formed the pride of his heart, and was kept with the greatest care, has disappeared. A few spectral fruit-trees ; a giant aloe whose tall flower-stem hung toppling over as if no longer able to bear the sight of the desolation around ; and the ruins of a summer-house, once the wonder of all visitors, and radiant in green and many bright colours, now hanging over disconsolately most woefully off the perpendicular ; were all that remained to mark the once-favoured spot. As I looked regret fully upon the change I almost expected to see the ?shade of Crisp standing amongst the ruins and in voking vengeance upon the desecrating hands that had caused it. Had it been night I have not the slightest doubt but that I should have seen him stalking like Hamlet's father's ghost amidst his favourite trees ; but as it was broad day light with a brilliant sun shining, his nonappear ance may be readily accounted for. Let me not how ever, in thus recording my regrets, do an act of injus tice to the present occupant of the property. If this garden, which was on one side of the Great Southern lload whilst the house was on the other, has been, destroyed, another has been formed in close proximity to the inn, and where it is not so subject to depreda tions. A few miles from Myrtle Creek we begin to get into the heavy timber, and to see signs that we are approaching the once famed Bargo Brush. The road descends and suddenly making a sharp turn brings us down into the rocky bed of the Bargo River. Amidst all the improvements that have been made on the Southern Road, Bargo River has, by some extra ordinary means, been neglected. A very feeble attempt has been made to form something like a cause way over it — the extent of the attempt being to fiU up a hole on the Picton side of the river, and to ereethalf a dozen posts to mark the line of road. When it is considered that this river riseB very rapidly, that it runs with an exceedingly strong current, and that the whole communication with the South, country is completely cut off when this river is up, it would be astonishing to me that this place should be left in the same state as when handed over to the Roads Department, had I not seen so many other eccentricities of the same kind, that I am prepared for anything without so much as lifting an eyebrow. Once across the river, and the traveller is fairly in the recognised Bargo Brush, a spot formerly as famous for the deeds of bushrangers as the Western district has recently become. Here the runaway convict, armed with some old horse pistol, or a rusty fowling piece that could be fired only with as much danger to the one firing as to the one fired at, or with some other weapon denominated deadly in those primitive days, lurked amongst the trees and scrub awaiting his prey, often with more fear and trepidation than was shown by his victim, and ready to throw down his arms and ask pardon at the first sign of resistance. The bush rangers of those days — poor, forlorn, and timorous men, often driven to the last extremity of crime by the cruelty of their task masters — were indeed a very different race from those we have lately seen, who, well off, with homes, friends, and comforts around them, wantonly gave them up for a life of crime, misery, and degradation, and a death of violence. There is a curious fact that will show the different kind of men that the police had to deal with then and now. From the time of Donaghue, the model bushranger of New South Wales, whose life and death have been, cele brated in prison epicl, to the day when Mr. Lowe set the first example of resistance, I can remember only three bushrangers being killed — Donoghue, the noto rious, and Scotchy, and another man whose name I forget, who formed part of Whitton's gang. All the ?others were taken and either hanged or sent to Nor folk Island. Since the recent outburst ofbushranging no less than eight offenders have been shot dead, within about two years, or nearly three times as many as during the preceding thirty years. I think that this shows that the police have not had so easy a task lately as their predecessors of fanner days had before them. But whilst I am wandering away upon my remi niscenses, you must only fancy that the coach is going on through the brush, and thus we shall lose no time. There is little to be said of the brush itself for throughout it is the one same unchanging prospect, of thick dark timber, which the black trunks of the ironbark render still more dreary. Much of the underwood, however, has been cleared off for some distance beyond the road, and the brush has not that close tangled appearance that once marked it. The traveller as ho goes along cannot help re marking the numerous gigantic ant-hills that he comes across. Some of these are as much as eight feet high, and six or seven feet in diameter at the base, gradually tapering up into the shape of a rude round- headed pinnacle, not very touch unlike heaps of mortar far which they have been taken by the uninitiated. They are hollow in ^thecentre, and are the work of a comparatively small tnt, They are formed by the thin layers of prepared soil'that are placed year are year over the larvm of the insect until hatched and brought to maturity by the sun's rays. Most of those near the road side are old and. deserted, and many of them have been broken into by the inquisitive. ? The land on either side the road fsr many miles from the river is very peor and barren, not even jroducing feed enough far the cattle of the -different, teamsters that use the -road. In spote, and at long intervals only, there are some better patches of ground, and at Lupton's there are even attempts at cultivation. In no part, however, is it such as to tempt the farmer. As to the road, it is now in asgvod a condition as even the most fastidious could wish. Only some three or four years back the passage of Bargo Brush was looked upon with dread by all travellers, and it was no uncommon tiling to see the whole way dotted with vehicles of every description, from the gig and spring cart to the bullock dray, all stuck fast, or rather haif buried in the numerous sloughs, for hole would be a by no means appropriate name for them, that, filled with mud, looked most treacherously level, and deceived even the wary. Now, the road from l'icton to llevrima is as good as that through George-street, and mght or day the traveller can pass over it with safety and comfort. After leaving Bargo Brush the country becomes undulating and less heavily timbered, whilst the land is evidently of a superior quality. The undulating gradually changes into a liilly and afterwards into a heavy mountainous country ; noble mountains with bold rocky crests, looking' in the distance like the ruined ramparts of some eld feudal stronghold, appear on eithc-r side of the road ; the signs of habitation, of life, and labour become more frequent ; and gardens with their trees clad in the russet but fast-falling robes of autumn break the hitherto unchanging pro spect of dreary bush. Descending a sharp hw, and turning a rude bluff of rock, through which the road has been cut, the Fitzroy Iron Mines come in view. The tall chimney vomiting forth black clouds of smoke, the clanking of the engines, the roaring of the blast furnace as it belches forth from its summit blue sulphurous flame, seem altogether out of keeping with the quiet almost deserted bush that nave mtnerto Been met witli, and to a person un acquainted with the fact of such works being carried on, would come on him with as much surprise as the changes narrated in fairy tales. The works are on the right of the road coming from Picton, and on the left are the dwellings of the men. These are slab or bark huts, and are placed irregularly on the side of a gently Bloping hill that runs down from a heavy mountain that backs up the landscape and along the base of which the works of the Goulbum extension of the railway are being earned on. Nearly the whole of this slope has been cleared, and the cottages show out brown and picturesque, as then- edges are caught by the now descending sun, and show out sharp and weU defined against the green backgrounds. Women come out of doors to see the coach pass ; child-en cease their play and gape in wonder or raise a shout as we drive along. But the sun is fast sinking, and the wind comes sharp and cliill through the openings of the hills, and with anything but regret I hasten on to my appointed resting- place for the night, leaving till the morrow a closer examination of the spot I have specially come to visit. 