LETTER TO THE EDITOR. EQUAL JUSTICE. SIR,-Your correspondent " Equality," in this morning's issue of the Star, selected a singularly in appropriate heading for his letter, nor was his as sumed signature a happy one. If " Equality" is really an advocate of justice he would rather incite the Eastern Council to increase Mr Rodier's salary by £50 per annum, thus making it what it was previous to the reduction two years ago, and equal to the amount received by the Town Clerk of Bal larat proper. Yours, &c..; 25th May. EQUITY, THE CONVENTIONALITIES OF THE STAGE.-The stage walk is frequently little better than a strut, the stage laugh a guffaw, the soliloquy a declama tion, the aside speech generally louder than the dialogue, the stage gentleman-ah! what shall we say of those wondrous exquisites in mauve-colored trousers, blue coats, yellow gloves, and crimson neck ties, who enter their friends' houses in such exuberant spirits, with such remarkable rapidity ?-who pull off their bran-new hats so ingeniously that the white leather lining should be conspicuous to the audience -who are attended by such witty, dapper, and de lightfully impertinent little grooms-and who in variably bring their portmanteaus with them into the drawing-room when the come off a journey? Have you ever noticed these heroes after dinner, en grande toilette ? - how they stand on alternate legs and bend the other (like the Nymphs and Graces on Etty's canvas)?-how incessantly they use their white pocket-handker chiefs?-how affiible they are to each other-how polite to the ladies? What brilliant things they do and utter! What neatly-rounded sentences fall from their magenta lips! How charmingly their clothes are cut! What magnificent jewelry sparkles on their delicate white hands! I have heard of titled ladies who, sitting in a private box, have been known to roffoler on such attractions-who have fallen straightway in love with these charming swains, and I am not surprised. Their manners belong to an age of gallantry and deportment which has passed away from English homes-which is unknown in Belgravia and the "Corinthian" West, but which cannot, under certain conditions, fail to gratify the female heart. Seen from across the foot lights, these gentlemen are as fine gentlemen as you could wish to meet. It is only Miss Plan tagenet who detects the nature of their complexions in the green-room, and who hears them abandon in their prattle that troublesome initial consonant which they have retained so bravely on " the boards." The voice of the stage lady is an essentially artificial voice. There are rich deep tones for the matron, and there is a genteel falsetto for the heroine. Panto mime fairies and princesses in an extravaganza pitch their accents in a key so shrill that they seem to be screaming their parts instead of saying them. The recital of blank verse is accompanied by one invaria ble intonatiou. They run up and down upon the octave A with unerring precision, and you may point out in the libretto the very word in each line which marks the cadence of their voice. There was a time when stage conventionalities were more numerous and re- markable than they are at present-a time when Cleopatra appeared bepatched in a farthingale, and Alexander wore his helmet over a fall-bottomed wig. There was a time when, by a venerable dramatic tradition, Hamlet was compelled to kick over a chair when the ghost appeared in his mother's pre sence. A few of these queer old usages have been handed down to the present time and excite the wonder of the uninitiated. Such ejaculations as "Egad, sir!" "Odds life, man!' and "Psha!" Such elegant pronunciation as Syewsan and kyind aro un known in private life; but in the minor theatres these peculiarities of speech may still be heard. To this day, when a letter is to be read upon the stage, the gentleman who performs that duty generally holds it in one hand and slaps it open with the other. This may have been a necessary fiction when the dust of the pounce-box had to be brushed away, but it is ridiculous to allow it to survive the invention of blotting-paper. There are, indeed, some stage stratagems which, however absurd in them selves, are indispensable both to the actor's conve nience and the enlightenment of his audience. A movement of the hand or arm in an operatic duet frequently serves as a private signal between the tenor , and soprano, besides affording a cue to the conductor as to the due relation of his accompani ment. The systematic change of position which we notice among the characters of a play during a con versation not only relieves the eye of the spectator, but often materially assists the action of the piece. Letters are read aloud for an obvious reason; and when we find two gentlemen sitting down on two chairs in the middle of the stage, and recounting to each other incidents of their respective lives with which they must be mutually familiar, we forgive the formality of the proceeding, because we know it is the only means by which we can learn the basis of the plot.-London Society. GOLDEN hair is now so popular in Paris that it is said to be selling at £5 an ounce. AMERICAN CODE.-The commissioners appointed by the State of New York to prepare a systematic code of the whole hody of the laws of the State have, after eight years' labor, completed their work Inst month. The code is divided into three parts-poli tical, civil, and penal; procedure (practice and plead ing) was intrusted to a separate commission. The political code declares the political rights and duties of the people, the law concerning its public ways, police, &c.;, snd the local government of counties and towns. The civil code deals with the civil condition of persons, the law relating to property, and the whole subject of obligations. The penal code con tains the law of crimes and punishments. The com missioners have BuggcBted such amendments in the existing law as they think expedient; these are men tioned in notes, together with the reasons for pro posing an alteration of the law. Among these pro posed amendments are laws for securing equal rights to married women in respect to their children and their property, the abolition of dower and curtesy, and a law concerning . adoption, giv ing the substituted parent all the rights and responsibilities of the real one, who having volun tarily renounced parental rights is not to be per mitted to resumo them when the affections have grown into the new relations. The commissioners also propose an assimilation to tho utmoat extent possible of the laws ol real and personal property, by reducing tho law of real estate to the simplicity of personal wherever it can be done without the dis turbance of existing rights, establishing for both the same rules of succession. The code includes the common as well as the statute law. The task was difficult; no code of tho common law of America or of England had ever before been attempted. It is impossible to foresee all tho cases which can arise in the multifarious affairs of men; but the object has been to col lect and arrange all the general principles and rules of law, whether hitherto written or unwritten, and express them with care and precision. The code has been circnlated among the judges and other competent critics, and revised after their suggestions had been received. It is signed by Mr David Dud ley Field and Mr A. W. Bradford; the third Com missioner, Mr W. C. Noyes, died while the revised sheets were passing through the press.-Times. 