PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Thursday, Aug. 24. The Speaker took the chair at half-past four o'clock. NOTICES OF QUESTIONS. Mr. CONNOR gave notice that, on Tuesday next, he would ask the Attorney- General, if he was aware that no certificate of birth, death, or marriage could be obtained unless upon payment of 7s. 6d. for each certificate. Mr. L. L. SMITH gave notice that, on Tuesday next, he would ask the Treasurer, if the Government received interest on moneys retained for the civil servants and if they did, whether the Government intended to allow any interest to those gentlemen, or whether the banks were to derive the sole advantage of such retention of moneys. post- office savings banks. Mr. CREWS asked the Chief Secretary, when the Post-office savings banks would come into operation? His object in putting the question was, that the managers of penny savings banks should be enabled to make such arrangements as would allow them to merge those institutions as speedily as possible into the Post- office banks. Mr. M'CULLOCH replied that between the 10th and 15th of September eight or ton Post office savings banks would be opened. The delay had been occasioned by the want of accommodation in the Melbourne Post-office, but arrangements had now been made to meet that difficulty, Other Post-office banks would be opened as speedily as possible. Mr. CREWS desired that timely notice should be given of the districts in which the banks were to be opened. Mr. M'CULLOCH said that a week or two's notice would be given. THE GOVERNMENT HOUSE RESERVE. Mr. GREEVES asked the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey, whether the Government had surveyed, for the purpose of sale, any portion of the Government-house or Botanical gardens reserve? The hon. member said that a portion of this reserve had been marked out for sale, in the usual manner; but it appeared to him that it would be very wrong to alienate any part of it, as the House was in possession of the evidence of the late Surveyor-General to show that the entire reserve was set apart for a Government house, The portion he alluded to was the angle formed by the junction of the St. Kilda and the Botanical-gardens roads, immediately contiguous to the Astronomical Observatory, the Botanical Museum, and the Church of England Grammar-school. Were the land parted with, factories might be put up and Steam-engines might be worked, and the expenditure which had taken place in improving the public domain would be lost. The operations at the Observatory might be seriously interfered with. He felt it necessary to draw attention to the subject, inasmuch as many of the public reserves about Melbourne had been encroached upon lately. For instance a portion of the Exhibition-building site-the very first reserve set apart in the city had been alienated. Mr. GRANT road a report from Mr. Hodgkinson, assistant-commissioner, denying that the land in question formed any portion of the reserve named. The visitors of the Observatory would be consulted; and if it were found that the erection of buildings would interfere with the astronomical observations, the Government would feel it their duty to withdraw the land from sale. Mr. GREEVES remarked that the evidence he referred to was given in 1858 by Mr Hoddle, the then surveyor-general. Ethe customs act (No. 207) despatch Mr. LEVEY called the attention of the Attorney-General to the article appearing in The Argus of the 22nd August, purporting to be a copy of the despatch of which the House had requested the production, upon the motion of the hon. member for Rodney and asked whether the article in question was a correct copy of the despatch referred to? The hon. member remarked that he was not sure that a breach of privilege had not been committed by the journal in question. It would be remembered that on the 2nd of June last a resolution was agreed to, on the motion of Mr Macgregor, the Government acceding, calling for the production of this despatch. Front time to time, also questions had been put to the Government as to when the despatch would be laid on the table and the Attorney-General had stated, in reply, that grave reasons of state induced the Ministry to keep it back. What was the astonishment of members, therefore, to find in The Argus- at the 22nd of August what purported to but copy of the despatch, prefaced by a statement that sufficient time having elapsed it has been obtained from England. It was the disclosure of a grave state secret which is called attention to. If the House had been deprived of information which it was in the power of any journal to obtain, the House had been treated in a very cavalier manner If grave reasons did exist against publication the Government ought to make use of ever; menus in its power to prevent the same ; but if the information were easily obtainable out of doors, the Government in withholding i had treated the House with grave disrespect. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM said that the hon member's statement, that the Government had treated the resolution of the House with disrespect, was inaccurate. The Government assented to the production of the despatch, (Mr Levey.-" But they did not produce it.") The Government stated that, on public ground; they believed it inexpedient to produce it a that time ; but they stated, also, that it would be presented to the House before the end of the session. The Government had a part in the publication which had take place in The Argus. If the article was an exact copy of the despatch-he had ne compared it so far as to be able to say whether it was or not he felt bound to say that the conductors of The Argus had committed a very grave impropriety. The despatch was one addressed to the Governor of the colony on a public subject, an until it was published with the consent (the person to whom it was written, it was t much a private letter is a letter written on public subject by one member of the House to another member. ("No.") Well, he said yes; and he apprehended that if such a letter had fallen into the hands of any other member, no man of honourable feeling would have conceived himself justified i giving publicity to it. There was quoth reason which rendered the publication the despatch peculiarly improper. It he been obtained by surreptitious means. I had no hesitation in saying that. The door' ment had not been out of the possession the Government since its arrival in the colony, and a copy of it had not been give to any one. Whether the copy the new paper had used had been obtained here in England as he was inclined to hold it had he had no hesitation in saying that it was procured by surreptitious meat Further, the statement that was made to the House, that it was inexpedient, on pub! grounds to publish the despatch, long to have been a sufficient reason to a person occupying any responsible portion to refrain from giving it publicity. T conductors of The Argus newspaper, in pu lashing the despatch, bad resorted to a pi ceeding for which no precedent could found in the theory or practice of respectable and responsible English journalism. (A Levey.-" Nonsense.") The hon. member 1 Normanby said nonsense. Perhaps the he member was not unwilling to defend, i directly, the conduct of the journal which h published the despatch. It might be that then member was acquainted with another journal which had published the course of the despatch. (Hear, hear.) He would t the hon. member, then, that the conductors that journal were guilty of the same rep hensible, and he would say dishonoured conduct as the conductors of The Argus h been. (Mr. Gillies.-"It is a matter of of nion." Hear, hear.") He would avail him self of the opportunity given him by the qui tion to make a few observations on the sun of the despatch itself, hon. members who remember that during the last two years t bills relating to Customs' duties had by unanimously passed by both Houses of P liament. The one was a Customs Laws Ci solidation Bill, and the other was a I prohibiting persons who supposed they claims against the Government on account Customs dueBbringing actions for trespass one year. The despatch dealt with by these bills. He desired to point the quest clearly out to the House, for the matter v deserved consideration, involving, as It of the legislative powers of the Victorian Par ment. The first bill was a consolidation the existing Customs acts, including a gr number passed after the Constitution . came into operation. in particular, it eluded the first Customs Act passed her act No. 18 which contained many provis! regarding Customs management taken for the English acts, and, amongst other This gave power for the making of seizures a distance of three miles from the co It appeared from a despatch that, when act was cent home, Sir F Rogers, the li adviser to the Colonial Office, called attention to these clauses as requiring modification. His report was forwarded both to the Co 01 missioner of Trade and the Commissioners of Customs. The latter communicated to Lord Stanley, the Colonial Secretary, that the bill required alteration in other clauses regarding the coasting trade, but they passed by the suggestions made by Sir F. Kngers. Lord Stanley called the attention of theGjvi>ramont to these clauses, and these only, and as soon as his despatch was received, the required alterations were made in them by act No. 419, This Parliament had never been asked to amend the clauses objected to by Sir Frederick Rogers, which had remained the law of this country from 1857 to the present time, and after so long an interval, it was with extreme surprise he (Mr. Higinbotham) found these objections made in London by Mr. Cardwell, The Colonial Secretary of the present time, and the Royal assent withheld from the measure in consequence. Al to the other bill-the Act No. 207 it was observed by the Colonial Secretary, in the despatch referred to, that its effect would be to remove from certain acts an Invalidity which was supposed to be attached to them by certain acts of the Imperial Parliament. Now, that was not really the effect of the temporary act. Its object was to prevent certain persons from taking objections on the ground that a curtain Customs Act was not reserved for the Royal assent to the levying of rates under them. In the Customs Laws Consolidation Bill, the same provisions were introduced, and no objection taken, though the objection was taken in the case of the temporary oct. Surely the objection, if good at all, would attach to both measures, whereas it was only taken in respect to one. The feeling which influenced the House in passing this particular measure objected to were these. It was found that under previous acts £13,000,000 had been collected, and yet objections were taken and actions commenced in the Supreme Court, which, if it succeeded, would have entitled those who paid the greater portion of that money to recover it from the Government. Was not Parliament justified, then, in taking the only means open of preventing the recovery of the money paid under the sanction of those acts ? They could not adopt any other course. It was not to be tolerated for a moment that the solvency of this country was to be permitted to rest on a doubtful or disputable point of law. (Ironical cheers from the Opposition benches) He did not believe that in this country great constitutional questions affecting the foundation of our institutions, had yet been treated in a sufficiently deliberate and careful way fre- peated ironical cheers from the Opposition) to justify Parliament in running the risk of allowing a doubt to remain as to the solvency of the country in so far as it depended on the validity of these acts. in the recent history of a neighbouring colony, he found questions of the gravest constitutional character not merely made the sport of professional acumen but even the play and toy of judicial ingenuity. But he, for one, was not prepared to allow £13,000.000 paid into the revenue to rest even on the decision of the Supreme Court on the validity of these acts, The Government were, therefore, justified in asking Parliament, and Parliament was justified in accepting the proposal, to prohibit persons from proceeding with these actions, and asking the Imperial Government to sanction similar proceedings after the expiry of the temporary act. These reasons had induced the Government to ask the House to refrain from pressing for the production of this document, for it was manifest to anyone reading it that it was not desirable for Parliament, or anyone, to take steps that would hold out an inducement to dishonest persons to recover the moneys paid till the Government and Parliament were able to frustrate such action. It might be part of the policy of a mercantile press, advocating the interest of Its mercantile patrons, to afford facilities for the dishonest mercantile patrons (cries of " Oh, oh," and laughter from the Opposition) to defraud the revenue of this country. That was a mere question of press morality, but the duty of the Government was not to lend any encouragement to such a practice. The duty of the Government was to ask Parliament to abstain from calling for the production of the despatch that might lead to mischievous consequences, or, at least, not until they were prepared to take such steps as would secure a remedy. The Government believed that the time for making that proposition had not come, and therefore they urged that the despatch should not be pressed for, If a true copy of the despatch had been published, and it injurious consequences were induced thereby, the responsibility of that improper publication would rest on the shoulders of those who were guilty of it. Further, he would say that the Government were making inquiries with the view of ascertaining who was responsible for surreptitiously obtaining that despatch, and with the view of exposing, if not punishing the individual. Mr. LEVEY rose, amid cries of "Chair' from the Treasury benches, lasting for some moments. He was at length permitted to say that, in view of the grave charges re> lating to himself, made by the Attorney-General, he had some right of explanation (The cries of " Chair" were here repeated for some seconds.) The Attorney-General had declared certain conduct to be dishonourable and by inuendo applied that term to himself Now, in point of right, there was no evidence whatever that the document had been surreptitiously obtained, or that its publication was a dwogation of press morality. Let the Attorney-General remember that the despatch was dated January 24, and though it was contrary to the etiquette of the Colonial Office to give a copy of a despatch before sufficient time had been allowed for the person to whom it was addressed receiving it yet, after the lapse of of two months, i.s., after the 26th March this year, no objection would be raised to any one in England obtaining such a copy, which might be given indeed to any member of Parliament. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM.-Where was found? Mr. LEVEY said the Attorney-General must surely be aware of the practice of the Colonial Office, which would be to raise no objection to the production of a copy of the despatch after March 26 last. Whether or coined surreptitiously or not, there was no derogation of press morality in its publication. (Cries of " Chair," from the Treasury; benches.) He was at a loss to conceive why he should not be allowed to reply. (Cries of "Chair" repeated). The SPEAKER said that he was not aware that any remarks had been made to give any right of reply. Mr. LEVEY said the Attorney-Genera had alluded to himself as not being unacquainted with the conductors of another newspaper who had behaved just as dishonourably in publishing the substance of the despatch, am out of respect to himself, he was bound to reply to point out what the proper course of action should have been. The Attorney General said no respectable English news paper would have taken such a course, but he might remember a case which occurred si Years ago, when the London Daily News pul shed a despatch respecting the Ionian Isles addressed to the Lord High Commissioner Sir John Young, and the contents of which were likely to bring about revolution and bloodshed, inasmuch as it stated that the constitution which had been promised to the isles should he suspended. That despatch unsustained surreptitiously from the Colonia Office. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM.-And the affair was universally condemned, Mr. LEVEY continued to say that the po- son who did it was subsequently prosecute at the Central Criminal Court, for stealing piece of paper value Id., and though the Crown law officers were very anxious I secure a conviction, the trial, he (Mr. Lees; believed, resulted in on acquittal. At the trial the editor of the Daily News, which the Attorney-General would admit was a respectable paper, said, in reply to a question, that he thought it was not the business of a newspaper to be first certain how the despatch was obtained. A matter of great public is tereSt had been brought to them, and they were consequently right in publishing I This he (Mr. Levey) thought was a sufficient answer to the Attorney-General's remarks. IHB WATERWORKS HILL. The message from the Legislative Council in reference to this bill was next taken in consideration. Mr. SULLIVAN moved that the bill I laid aside, for this reason. The Legislate Council had agreed not to insist on certain amendments, but to insist on others. No these amendments to be introduced wore such a shape that the only way to cope with the wishes of the Council according the standing orders would be to bring in fresh bill. The motion was agreed to, and, on a motion of Mr. Sullivan, the resolute passed on June 22nd last, on which the original bill was based, was read. Mr. SULLIVAN then moved for leave bring in a new bill. Hon. members, : said, would remember that the objection taken in the Legislative Council to certain provisions of this bill was that they did not provide for the compensation of those from whom water was taken. Now, Government was anxious to pass this measure into law, and there never was any difference of opinion as to the right of parties claiming to be provided with compensation. (Cries of "Oh, oh.") The only object the Government had in view in refraining from recognising that right in the bill was to guard against vexatious litigation. It was In- tended-and as much was openly stated that in all cases a sufficient supply of water would be reserved. Mr. L. L. SMim-Itwas not. Mr. SULLIVAN had Bald so repeatedly, and the hon. member was incorrect in denying it. ("No, no.") On every occasion on which the class was brought up, it was stated to be so, and the principle was recognised from the very commencement. Now, he proposed to meet the views of the Legislative Council by introducing a short proviso to this effect : "Provided neverthele68that the Board of Land and Works shall, as far as may be practicable, allow to flow in any river, stream, or watercourse from which water shall have been taken or diverted, sufficient water for the requirements of the owner or occupiers of the land on the bunkaofauch river, stream, or watercourse." He thought from the result of the conference with the members of the other Chamber, that their anxiety was to obtain something on the face of the bill which would recognise the rights of those who might be deprived of water; and in his opinion this small provision would meet that requirement, and also the views of all hon. members who were desirous that these rights should be recognised. Mr. L. L. SMITH was glad to find the Government listening to reason at last. It had been pointed out repeatedly, at every stage of the bill, by the hon. member for Belfast and himself, that It never would pass the Upper House, inasmuch as it contained matter which amounted to repudiation. Although a very large majority supported the Government at the time, and would not listen to reason on this point, yet now they were ultimately compelled to yield, and do simple justice to those who had purchased land with water rights to it, and on which account they had paid large sums of money. The proposi- tion made by the Government then was, to the absurd effect that any individual who had purchased land with a natural water frontage, and had given money because of that frontage, was to have his rights altogether repudiated by the Government and was It therefore at all surprising? that the Upper House should have done what they had done in the conservation of the laws affecting the most ordinary rights of property ? He (Mr. L. L. Smith) was glad to find that though the Minister of Justice had been so very strong, and be very emphatic, he was obliged, like the rest of the Government, to swallow the leek, which he hoped might agree with him (a laugh), though it seemed indigestible, Mr. SULLIVAN denied that the hon. member had correctly stated the facts of the case. Leave was then given, and the bill brought in and read a first time. Its second reading was made an order of the day for Tuesday next. NON-PAYMENT OF THE CIVIL SERVANTS. Mr. MACGREGOR, moved the following resolution : "That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor respectfully represent- ing, that in consequence of the laying aside by the Legislative Council, without message or communication to the Legislative Assembly, of the Bill of Supply and Appropriation passed by this House, the salaries of civil servants, for the month of July have not yet been paid, and other public obligations are undischarged and praying His Excellency that such measures may be adopted as shall, in the opinion of his responsible advisers, be expedient or necessary for satisfying the liabilities aforesaid, and for maintaining the efficiency of the public service" His desire was to modify, as far as possible, the effect of the laying aside the Appropriation Bill by the other branch of the Legislature. In the commencement, he might say that that was an act for which it would be difficult to find a precedent in constitutional history (cries of "Hear, hear from several members of the Opposition and for that reason great circumspection would be needed in confronting and overcoming the difficulty thereby occasioned. What was the position in which the country was now placed by the rejection of the Appropriate Bill? It was that public payments had been stopped, that the public servants had not in ceived their salaries, that there was not one farthing in the Treasury available, that the police could not be paid on the first of next month, and that there was nothing to provide for the maintenance of the penal estab- lishments of the colony. It was not difficult to foretell what would be the result of such a state of things. That result would, he apprehended, be that the police force would be come disorganized, and ultimately disbanded the penal establishments would be left an guarded, and the criminals thrown on the face of society, if society it could be called, I would be rather BOciety'inaEtateof dissolution Moreover, what would be the effect of the present state of things upon the financial position of the country ? If the English mail left the colony without some arrangement being made for continuing the public ox pen future, it would have a most prejudicial effect upon the credit and reputation of the colony (Hear, hear.) It was, therefore, the duty of the House to take such a course as might seem to it best for the purpose of meeting the present crisis. There seemed to be a fair impression as to what the House had averred in the resolutions which it had passed in vindication of its rights. These resolution: in his opinion, did not pledge the House to continuance of the stoppage of the payment of public moneys; they were simply save rative of the rights and privileges of the House, and expressive of a determination of the part of the House not to agree to any b1 of appropriation until the tariff was passed by the other branch of the Legislature The stoppage of the public expenditure has not had the effect of inducing the other branch of the Legislature to recede from its position which it had taken up, nor did I think that result was likely to follow. I had formed that opinion from the first. it were said that he had brought forward at present motion simply at the instigation the Ministry, and without reference to h own views on the subject, he would merely state that in proposing the course which I now submitted to the House he was on! carrying out the views which he entertains from the beginning of the crisis. He he brought forward the motion for the purpose of forwarding the interests of the public and if he thought it would conduce more the _ interests of the public to propose motion declaring that the Ministry bIiou retire from office, he would be quite prepared to do so. He did not believe, however, the that would be the proper course. to lieved that the proper course for the Hon as representing the people of the colony and as desirous of promoting the public interests-was to stop forward and endeavour to avert the evil consequence of the present crisis, As to whether the Ministry, with the co-operation of His Ex- cellency the Governor, would be able to do or not, hon. member might hold varied opinions (hear, hear) ; but, at all events, the House ought not to evade its duty to a country of suggesting that His Excellency should advise with his Ministry as to who course they ought to pursue in the press crisis without compromising in any degs the lights and privileges of the Hour Rather than that the lights and privileges the House should be compromised, he for he would let tho present state of things comin to its legitimate issue. If the present state things did continue, no one could deny that anarchy and revolution must be the suit. Society would not be content to without protection. (Laughter.) He men without security to life and property. If the Government did not provide security for it lives and property of the people, the poor would have to provide that security for the serveR. Self-preservation with a comment as with an individual, was the first of human nature. If the Government fail to do its duty, it only remained for the peo; to provide for their own safety and secure It might be asked, what course he propose that the Government should take in the eve of his motion being adopted. (Hear, be; He thought it was for the Government the selveS to provide some means, if they cou of averting the inevitable effects of the cri: (Laughter,) He would remark, however, to the Government were now collecting a In: portion of the revenue upon the authority resolutions of the House, passed six more [ ago. The principle of collecting revenue in the resolutions of the House was not without precedent. There were Instances of it In history of the Imperial Parliament. He i not mean to say that he could produce r cadets from the records of the Imperial Parliament for the collection of the waves upon the authority of the resolutions of [ House of Commons, for so long a period they had been collected in this colony, but the principle was admitted that revenue might be collected simply upon the resolutions of the House, and before an act authorising its collection had been passed by both branches of the Legislature and received the assent of the Crown. If the Ministry had a right to collect revenue upon resolutions of the House, he thought it had an equal right to disburse it by the same authority. (2 No, no," and counter cries of " Yes. yes.") He could adduce precedents from the practice of the Imperial Parliament for the expenditure of public moneys without the authority of an appropriation act. If he went back as far as the year 1784 (Mr. Gillies.-" That is too far." Laughter,) He did not rely entirely upon ancient precedents, but he maintained that the privileges of the House of Commons were always the same-that the House possessed the same privileges now as it did 100 years ago. If the House of Commons had the privilege of disbursing money without the authority of an appropriation act in 1781, it possessed the same privilege now, and it possessed it in 1855, when the Constitution Act of this colony was passed and it was competent for the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, under the Constitution Act, and under the act defining its privileges, to exercise any power which the House of Commons possessed. In 1784., there was a Ministry in office in England which had only the support of a minority of the House of Commons the majority of the House was against them. The Estimates had been passed, but the Appropriation Bill had not become law, and the Commons were apprehensive that the House might be dissolved and what did they do? in order, if possible, to prevent a dissolution, they passed a resolution prohibiting any public payments in the event of a dissolution taking place before the passing of on appropriation bill. On the 12th of January, 1784, when the House resolved itself into a committee to inquire into the state of the nation, Mr. Fox moved the following resolu- tion, which was carried : " That it is the opinion of this committee, that for any person or persons in His Majesty's Treasury, or in the Exchequer, or in the Bank of England, or for any person or persons whatsoever, employed in the payment of public money, to pay, or direct or cause to be paid any sum or samE of money, for or towards the support of services voted in the present session of Parliament, after the Parliament shall have been prorogued or dissolved, if it be prorogued or dissolved before any Act of Parliament shall have passed appropriating the supplies to such services, will be a high crime and misdemeanour, a daring breach of public trust, derogatory to the fundamental privileges of Parliament, and subversive of the constitution of this country," (Cheers from the Opposition.) If it were illegal or unconstitutional to pay money upon resolutions of the house whilst the House was in session, Mr. Fox's motion was a mere waste of time and altogether unnecessary. This resolution, however, was adopted to prevent the Government disbursing money in the event of a dissolution. It was clear, from the terms of the resolution, that the Ministry had the power of administering the public revenue in accordance with the votes of the House, and before the passing of an appropriation bill, whilst the House was in session. In 1851, however, Parliament was dissolved before the casting of an appropriation bill, and payments of public money were continued upon the authority of resolutions of the House of Commons. The power which Parliament did not exercise in 1784 it exercised in 1831, What occurred in the latter year was a very strong case in point, because payments were made after the dissolution of Parliament, and pending the election of a new Parliament. The principle, therefore, that payments might be made notwithstanding that an appropria- tion bill was not passed, was admitted and the principle being admitted, it was only a question of degree as to the extent to which it might he applied. It was the duty of that House and of the Ministry to apply the principle judiciously and adequately to the circumstances of every case that might arise. The present circumstances were precisely those which required the application of the principle. It had been said that the Audit Act stood in the way. (Hear, hear.) There was a precedent on that point, however. The Audit Act was passed in 1857. (2 No.") It was re-enacted with slight alterations, not affecting this subject, in February, 1859. Payments were made by the sanction of the Audit Commissioners on the authority of the votes of the Assembly, and before the passing of an appropriation act, up to the year 1862, when the practice was altered under the Administration of which Mr. Homes was treasurer. The law, however, had not been altered. The practice of paying money on the simple authority of votes of that House had been followed prior to 1862, and had been followed pursuant to the advice of various law officers of the Crown, amongst them being the hon. and learned gentleman who might be considered to be the leader of the other branch of the Legislature, If the practice was right before 1862, he did not see what objection there was to following it now. He did not say that this course ought to be followed, he was simply suggesting it as one course which was open to the Government to pursue in the event of the resolution being adopted. The Government might find some other way of getting out of the difficulty; but he repeated that, in his opinion, if it were legal and right to disburse public revenue on the votes of the House prior to 1862, it was right to do so now. If the adoption of such a course were justifiable In 1862, it was certainly justifiable at the present time to have recourse to that expedient, In order that public obligations might be met. It might be asked how he or any other member could vote for his motion after opposing the resolution brought forward the other evening by the hon. member for South G IppB Land. (Hear, hear.) His answer to that was, that the two resolutions were of a very different character. He gave the hon. member credit for desiring to put a stop to the present state of things, and to maintain the credit of the public service ; but he objected to the way in which he proposed to carry out his object. In asking the Governor to take some steps without consulting his responsible advisors, the hon. member was proposing a course contrary to the principle of constitutional government, he, therefore, could not approve of of the terms in which the hon, member's motion was couched. He (Mr Macgregor) had brought forward his own motion, not at the instigation or desire of the Government, but solely from a desire to protect the interests of the country, and to prevent the results which would inevitably follow if the present state of of things continued, If the motion were passed it could be acted upon, and means could be provided for continuing the public expenditure, and the country would be snatched from a tendency to downright anarchy and confusion. It was evident that most serious consequences would result if another month was allowed to pass over without something being done to continue the public payments. All the difficulty had been caused by the act of the other branch of the Legislature. (2 No," and " Yes.") If the Appropriation Bill had been passed by the other branch of the Legislature his motion would have been unnecessary and the crisis would not have occurred (Laughter). The other houses, which are gated to itself the title of the conservative element in the constitution, actually refuse to pass a measure which was essential to the maintenance of society. The Assembly must come forward and endeavour to obviate and counteract the effect of the action of the Upper House, and if it did so, it might properly claim to be entitled the conservative branch of the Legislature (Ironical cheers from the Opposition.) Mr. CREWS seconded the motion. Mr. VERDON remarked that the hon. member who brought forward the resolution do send to obtain on expression of opinion from the majority of the House, that another month should not pass without the usual payment being made of the salaries, wages, and con to rigen cies of the public service. He believes that there would be no conflict of opinion of this point. Every hon. members would agree with his hon, friend, and with the Government, that it was a desirable thing that these payments should, if possible, be made. it did not believe the hon, member had in an; way exaggerated the ill effects, both direct and indirect, that had followed the stoppage of public payments. He was in a better position, perhaps, than anyone else to observe the inconveniences and hardships which were created by the stoppage of those payments and of course it was not difficult for hon. members to form a notion of these evils, are the indirect evils which would result if the state of things continued and was made known to the people in England, from whom the colony borrowed its money; The hon. member had suggested that in the British Parliament payments has been made merely upon the authority of the House of Commons. There was no doubt that such had been the case, and it had all been so bare and perhaps it would be proper for him to read the legal opinions on the air thority of which that course was adopted The first, which was given in January, 1851 by the then Solicitor-General, Mr. Fellows was to this effect : " I think that resolutions of the Committee of Supply, reported to and adopted by the House, make the amount legally available. In point of fact, votes of credit were paiRed and moneys issued on them during 1857, when changes of Ministers took place, and which have never been questioned. It is, moreover, in accordance with the practice of the House of Commons." Many of these words were the words of the first Audit Act, which had never been materially altered. The next opinion was given by Mr. Chapman, on the 21st March, 1850, as follows: " In the month of May, 1858, certain sums were voted in Committee of Supply, and were reported to the House of Assembly, and the report was adopted, but the House was pro- rogued on the 4th June, without any Appropriation Act as to those Bums. Faith and effect were given to these votes, and the sums voted were paid, on the authority of a similar case which happened in the British Parliament in 1831, followed by a dissolution. All the sums voted and reported, or rather so much of them as was required for the public service between the dissolution and the reassembling of Parliament injuries were paid, and were re-voted in Committee of Supply after the re-assembling of Parliament. In like manner, I think any sums voted in Committee of Supply, and duly reported, may be paid, according to the practice of Parliament ; but they must be To-voted. Sums, however, which have been merely included in an address to the Governor, praying, in the usual form, that he will be pleased to place on the Estimates such sums, &c;, and respect- ing which no further action has been taken, cannot, I think, be so paid. The parties entitled to any benefit in respect of such addresses must wait at least until they are voted and reported." In pursuance of these opinions, the uniform practice until 1802 was to pay sums of money voted by the Committee of Supply, or, at least, soon as they were reported to the House and adopted. In 1862, Mr. Haines introduced the first of a series of bills, which had since been continued, upon which the Audit Commission addressed a letter to the Treasurer, in which this passage occurred : - " It is necessary, however, that we should state, in reference to the introduction of a bill upon the present subject, as mentioned by the under- treasurer, that the passing of the first act, other than the usual Appropriation Act, for giving validity to the supply votes of the Assembly will, so far as we are concerned, settle the practice for the future for such an act will be a distinct declaration by Parliament that the money is not legally available for issue without the concurrence of both Houses of Parliament." He took it that the Audit Commissioners would be precluded by the introduction of the new practice from certifying that moneys were legally available until the Appropriation Act was passed ; or, in the absence of such an act, until the payments were authorised by one of the small appropriation acts which were passed from time to time. Now, as Treasurer, he was bound equally with the Audit Commissioners to observe the law in this respect. He could not conscientiously ask the Audit Commissioners to certify that which in their opinion ought not to be certified nor could he ask any person in the employment of the Government to violate the law, any more than he could consent to do it himself. Therefore, any hon. member who came to the conclusion that the motion which had been submitted contemplated any such course, or that the Government in the absence of such a motion would have been prepared to advise Governor to do an illegal thing, came to such a conclusion erroneously; for it was not his intention nor the intention of his colleagues, to do any such thing. It might, however, be possible to obviate for a time the difficulty which had arisen from the stoppage of payments without breaking the law and if any hon. member could devise a scheme by which the difficulty could be met without a violation of the law, it would be the duty of the Government to take advantage of it, and: the duty of the House to support them in it At present, there appeared to be only two alternatives either to abandon the position which had been taken, and throw up all the principles which they had been so strenuously fighting for, or to allow the existing state of things to go on. He thought, however, that there was an intermediate course which might be devised for meeting the difficulty, without breaking the law and if such a course were practicable, it would be the duty of the Government to take advantage of it. Beyond this he did not feel himself in a position to say; anything. He had given the House M OBSwance that no proposal would be made by the Government to violate the law but if, without violating the law, the: could make payments out of the Tren Bury, any measure by which the object could be attained would be taken advantage of. 0 course, if any decision was arrived at, hon members would be at once informed of the steps the Government intended to take. Mr. DANE said that when he first read the motion he could not understand it but the hon. member for Rodney had cleared up the mystery by informing the House that the Government was going to pay money without authority, and in direct violation of the law of the fund. ("No.") The Treasure himself had stated that the hon. member for Rodney had placed himself in this position and had told the House that the Government haduplnn-which,however.behadnot though proper to disclose-by which for a certain period the members of the Civil Service could be paid. Hon. members in the Corner had been accused on Tuesday night of throwing impediments in the way of the tram action of public business, but they were a anxious that the members of the Civil Service should be paid as any other hon. members were. They could not possibly have any of ject in wishing to deprive members of the Civil Service many of them having large families of their money ; but the member of the House were entrusted with the right and privileges of the whole people of the colony and these privileges, which the hon. member for Rodney and the Treasurer wished to di stroy, had been obtained by their forefathers the expense of of a good deal of trouble an bloodshed. He could not vote for the motto of the hon. member for Rodney, nor could I support the very indistinct plan promised I the Treasurer. The notice published by the Treasurer about a month ago, to the effect that no salaries could be paid because the were no funds available, was a very prop one, and the law of the matter was so evident that a notice was scarcely needed at all. No' however, the Treasurer states there was way out of the difficulty ; but if there were why had it not been stated at once This resolution, if carried, would give the Government despotic powers, and was clearly illegal. he struck him that the Government had got themselves into such a fix that they did not know which way I turn. (Hear, hear.) They found that the had got themselves into a mess which the could not get out of, and they now wished i drag the Governor into it with them, (Hear hear.) In the famous Bill of Rights enacted in the reign of William III., it was laid down " That the pretended right of suBpendii laws, or the execution of laws, without a consent of Parliament is illegal. "That the pretended power of dispensing with Iowa, or the execution of laws, by reg authority is illegal. " That levying money for or to the use the Crown by pretence of prerogative, without grant of Parliament, in other manner than the same is or shall be granted, is illegal (Hear, hear.) He took it then, that hon., members concurred If so, it followed that they agreed with him conBidoiingthocourBO proposed to betake an illegal one. The Audit Act. after provides that public accounts were only to be paid < warrants issued by the Audit Commissioner went on to say that " Before countersigning any such instrument as aforesaid the Commissioners of Aue! shall ascertain that the Bums therein mentioned are then legally available for and applicable to the service or purpose in tioned in such instrument." It was not likely that the Governor or the Audit Commissioners would break this Ia and so render themselves liable to the consequences of an illegal action and what the did the Government intend to do? It Treasurer seemed to have some money at L disposal, and, of a Minister of the Crown, was bound to tell openly where it was come from. He had not done so, however neither had be stated what was t Elan the Government intended to ador by the Act 12 and 18 Wm. III., all kings and queens were compelled to administer the la' of England as enacted, and it was further provided that all their officers and miners should serve them according to the sun When a motion of this kind was brought for ward it was necessary, therefore, the real (tentative of Her Majesty being coupled in his, responsible advisers, to inquire into t laws which compelled Ministers to act in legal manner. It would be found that it a further recommended, that any king, queen or representative of royalty, should not to notice of any matter in agitation, of what was being debated in either of the Houses Parliament. This ought not to escape i tice, for it had been reported in Collins-street that a member of the Government had said His Excellency the Governor had intimated that he would be very happy to meet the wishes of the Ministry in any way which would get the country out of the present difficulty. The authority he had quoted clearly declared that the representative of Royalty ought not to express assent or dissent upon any matter before the measure was presented in due Parliamentary course. Moreover, the Governor's commission bound him to act " according to such laws as shall hereafter be in force in the said colony of Victoria," and it was impossible for the Governor to do anything outside the laws. With regard to the upholding of our laws, he thought the steps taken by Her Majesty's Ministers in this colony had generally had a tendency to the reverse, but he trusted there was a sufficiency of that English habit of order and obedience to the laws still remain- ing in the colony to counteract such influences. It was the duty of hon. members, by their votes this night, to prevent Her Majesty's Ministers from overstepping the constitutional laws in force in this colony. They had had very sad examples of the result of exceeding the laws. Much had been said about revolution and anarchy to intimidate hon. members and prevent them from doing their duty according to law, but nothing would ever intimidate him or prevent him from discharging his duty. It would be found that in every case where people attempted to set aside the law they were beaten. In the instance of the great gathering which took place at Kenning- ton, near London. What did Fergus O'Connor and his followers gain by their attempt or threat to break the law ? Nothing. More recently, he had seen Smith O'Brien and Charles Gavan Duffy breaking the law, being on duty at the time, and amended in the defeat of the whole party. But when the opposite course was pursued, the end in view was usually attained. The Irish people gained their point when led by O'connell. That great man never led his followers into anarchy or revolution, and his words always were, '. The man who breaks the laws Is a traitor to the cause." He mentioned this particularly for the information of the hon member for East Bourke Boroughs, for the mar- who broke the laws in this case was a traitor to the cause of protection. (Laughter.) The Attorney-General had the credit of having brought about the political crisis, and though his colleagues were collectively responsible it was always noticed that the Attorney-General took a prominent part in the matter, and did his best to carry on his views in the most determined way; possible. In his election speech at Brighton the hon. gentleman delivered some words of wisdom as good as could be expected from any man, and he only wished that he had carried them out, or that he would even now adopt what he professed then. In the address he referred to the Attorney-General said " I believe I made a great mistake in permitting the prevailing opinions of the Parliament or the country to be a substitute for opinions of my own. I believe that a public man always makes a mistake when h permits other people's opinions to stand in the room of his own that he commits greater mistake when, after having formed opinions, he permits himself to be drive from them. It is better for him, if his opinion lead him to take a course contrary to the general tone of popular belief, to stem the torrent." Now, read the Attorney Gene stemmed the torrent ? Then he went on to say, " But if he cannot stem it, he should at least anchor in the tide." Had the Attorney; General anchored in the tide ? (Laughter AndMr.HJginbotbamfurtherBaid,''Heshoul let the current flow by. The worst thing he can do is to permit himself to float with the current, or to be washed out to to see, where he has no compass to guide him Had the Attorney- General acted up to this they would not now be in the predicament they were placed in. The hon. gentleman was now out at sea, and his colleagues had r compass to guide them except the hon. mon her for Rodney. Mr. GILLIES thought the absence of an information as to whether it was the intention of the Government to support the motion must have seemed marked to man hon. members. (Hear, hear) The observations of the hon. the Treasurer were of such character that no two things could be more antagonistic to each other than the remark of the mover of the motion and those of the member of the Government who spoke upon it. The hon. member for Rodney invited the Government in the most clear and positive terms to the leo no notice of the Legislate Council, and to pay the public servants without any Appropriation Act whatever. TI remarks of the Treasurer, on the other hand went to show that neither he nor the Government would be a party to giving His Excel liney the Governor any such power as the contemplated. (Mr. King.-"No.") The hon: member who said " No" was perhaps in the secrets of the Government; but he (M Gillies) would rather take the words of the Treasurer than those of the hon. member for West Bourke. He thought the present occasion was of far too much importance to the colony especially with reference to its constitution to permit a resolution of this kind be carried without their position being thoroughly understood. The motion of the hon. member for Rodney invited the Government to advise the Governor to discharge a public liabilities without an appropriate. act, and such a proposition must be careful considered, especially as an appropriate bill, tacked to a tariff bill, had recently been set aside by the other branch of the Legislature The Treasurer had stated it was a the intention of the Government to pay sal ries without respect to the audit comm: sioners, and he at the same time intimate that there was another way of accomplishing the same object. It appeared to him (ft Gillies) that there was no other way of accomplishing the same object without a substance breaking down of their Constitution. The Constitution provided that moneys were be voted by Parliament, meaning the J sembly and the Legislative Council, of that an appropriation bill should receive the assent of both branches of the Leg lature. If the Governor had power authorise these payments without the t sent of the Legislative Council, there was a necessity to introduce an appropriation b at all, and the Constitution must be an air failure as regarded its working if such course were to be pursued. Hon. member could not shut their eyes to the fact that the Government were invited to adopt a cost of this kind, and those who did not approve of such a method would vote against t motion. They could not blind thereof to the fact that they were asked to do was the Government believed to be illegal a unconstitutional. The hon. member I Rodney had cited as a precedent the death of Mr. Fox in 1784, to compel the Government not to pay certain moneys ; but the Government of the day did not add to that resolution. (Mr. Macgregor.-" T amounts were put on the Estimates.") T moneys were paid without an appropriate! bill), and in defiance of the resolution The House of Commons. If this was justification of paying moneys withe an appropriation bill, it was also justice tion of a defiance of the resolutions of P liament. In the case referred to, the solution of the House of Commons v deliberately set aside and if the argument favour of the motion was good from one po: of view it was wrong from the other. T hon. member for Rodney did not take b; branches of the subject; he should either to the whole or none. (Mr. Macgregor. "and the whole.") In the case cited, the Government were in the minority, but here they t an overwhelming majority, and the Man at -as one of their supporters had said did I want to go to the country. The hon. member for Rodney had not fully explained the of circumstances of the case which he had select I to quote. It would, perhaps, be recalled that, on the meeting of Parliament early 1831 the Government of the day introduced the Reform Bill, and the second reading v carried by a majority of one. The I was so mutilated in committee, that Government would go on with it, and pealed to the country upon the question The Estimates had been introduced and was being passed through rapidly to enable session to be brought to a close. Three di previously the army and navy estimates a the ordnance estimates had been introduce but in consequence of the consideration these items being postponed, the Governor found that their intention of prorogu Parliament was materially interfered wi because the appeal to the country could be made unless the votes on the army a navy estimates and the ordnance estima had been taken. The practice was to moneys having been voted in committee supply, reported to the House, and the solutions adopted, the Government w authorised by Exchequer bills to over the money. With reference to ordnance estimates, however, in a case, the Government had a certain s of money unexpended on a vote of previous year, which they could apply to a particular branch of the service. In the same volume of Roebuck's history of the kings of that day, it would be found, showed that Sir James Graham said the absence of an appropriation bill was an insuperable bar to the payment of moneys under this head. Further remarks made by Sir James Graham showed that the English Government at the CIÍ8Í8 referred to carried on the business of the country by moneys " voted and appropriated by this House;" but in a reference which had been made to this precedent, the words " and appropriated" had been conveniently omitted. He could not see, however, how this matter applied to the present case. They were not placed in a like position here at all. Here the House had passed an Appropriation Bill, which had been set aside, so that it rested with the hon. member to find an instance where moneys voted by the House of Commons had been spent, despite the setting aside of the Appropriation Bill. Mr. MACGREGOR.-No appropriation bill was ever set aside. Mr. GILLIES maintained, then, that the hon. member's precedent was of no value. It was not in point. And what was the hon. member's proposition ? Why, that an address should be presented " praying His Excellency that such measures may be adopted as shall, in the opinion of his responsible advisers, be expedient or necessary for satisfying the liabilities aforesaid." Now, he would like to know whether the House would be bound by any course Ministers might recommend to HIS Excellency? The resolution certainly did appear to pledge the House to this extent, but surely it could not be said that this was a proper course for any legislative body to take. Such a thing had never been done, either in the House of Commons or anywhere else in the world. The hon. member's proposition might be put in a few words-that notwithstanding that the Appropriation Act had not been passed, the salaries of the civil servants should still continue to be paid. It appeared to him, however, that His Excellency could not accept any advice which would enable him to ignore the non passing of the Appropriation Act. Hon. members could not shut their eyes to the fact that this was not the first time a British colony had been placed in a like position. A similar occurrence had taken place in Jamaica, the circumstances in point of fact being almost identical. In 1849 the Assembly there sent up to the Conn ell a Retrenchment Bill affecting certain civil servants. The Council rejected the measure, whereupon the Assembly threatened that if it were not passed, they would stop] the supplies. The Governor, Sir Charles Grey wrote to the Imperial authorities as to what action he should take in this dilemma, and Earl Grey, the Colonial Secretary, stated their opinion as follows: " I am further to acquaint you, that the course pursued by the Council in the rejection of the Retrenchment Bill, appears to He Majesty's Government to have been taken in the constitutional exercise of their proper functions, and in the exercise also of a sound judgment. With regard to the result of the proceedings in leaving various urgent demand on the colonial Treasury unprovided for, you are aware that Her Majesty's Government have no authority to interfere. ... Pc whatever evils may result from the refusal of the Assembly to renew the taxes usual levied under annual nets, that body will have to bear the undivided responsibility. It will devolve upon you to administer any revenue which may remain available for the public service according to any laws which may cor tinue in force and may impose that due upon you, keeping strictly within the boune ot your lawful authority." These observations could be very proper] applied in Victoria now. Whatever advice might be tendered to His Excellency, 1 would doubtless be guided by such authors as this, and would not allow any publ moneys to be expended without the authors of Parliament. The member for Rodney has endeavoured to show that the Legislative Council was responsible for the present crisis but surely hon. member could not deny the the Government and their supporters know perfectly well what would be the consequence of the course they insisted upon taking. TI Council adopted a resolution, which was an ample guide as to what action they proposed should the tariff and the Appropriation Bill be sent up together They had carried out that resolution, and had laid the joint bill aside, so as to enable the Government to send the two measures of separately. Ministers had not thought proper to do so, though, as for as they themselves were concerned, they had been anxious that this course should be adopted. Instead : Ministers before the rulers, however, they we: ruled themselves. (Hear, hear.) It was notorious fact that the Government record manded to their supporters Mr VERDON.-I may inform the hon: member that it is absolutely incorrect. Mr. GILLIES.-Does the hon. gentlemen know what I was about saying? Mr. VERDON.-Yes, by anticipation. Mr. GILLIES said that was just like the Government They would anticipate the Appr priation Bill, it appeared, however, it was matter of public notoriety that the Government had expressed a desire to their superiors that the two bills should be sent the Council separately. (Mr. Verdon.-"1 Collins-street.") He was not aware the belief in the statement was confined to Ce ling-street. It was shared in by some of the Government's own supporters. It was lieved on all hands that the Government were desirous of withdrawing from their position and at all events, it was certain the they had not been led into that premiere without warning, and whatever might be of evil results, the responsibility rested with the Government themselves. Ministers claim that the course they had adopted was Ban tioned by the usage and practice of Parliament. (Hear, hear.) Well, he could go' hon. members an authority on that port A similar course had been proposed in J march, and Earl Grey had expressed his opinion to the Governor as follows: " Although I am aware of the cogency the motives which induced you to assent the Import Duties Bill notwithstanding i clauses of appropriation attached to it, I had to instruct you not in future to admit of an innovation on the regular and constitution practice of keeping revenue and appropriation bills separate from each other; assume: that to have been, as I understand to have been the care a practice as fully establish in Jamaica as it has been in this country, as in the other colonies whose constitution have been modelled on our own. It is practice which cannot be departed from without danger." The Council, believing In Earl Grey's hone expression of opinion, had thought proper n to permit a dangerous precedent to be as' Wished and he asserted that the respon- bility for what had followed rested with t Assembly and not was the Council. T Council, in fact, could do nothing el unless it desired that the right granted to it the Constitution Act should be swept away Some of the Government supporters, seemed, now took this view. One he member desired to have the opinion his constituents before proceeding forth The hon. member had resigned his seat 1 cause, though throwing the responsibility: of the deadlock on the Council, yet was not prepared to take a course which amounted virtually to a repudiation of a Constitution as regards the Upper House Hon. members had been supporting a Government lately through thick and th but he wished to find that there was a poor beyond which they would not go. Some h already asserted, it would be seen, that t proposed course was revolutionary, and trusted that hon. members generally wot condemn it as such. in point of fa the Ministry proposed to overturn 1 constitution, as they admitted that it had no legitimate control over the Cot evil, and it was only reasonable to supply that that body would remain firm its position. The correspondent of t Times, who was supposed to occupy a his position in the Ministry, declared that 1 whole affair arose out of " widows' fronts and if so, it was most singular that the code should be thrown into a revolution for 1 sake of such an insignificant thing as th If the Government had any practical con- in view, they ought to declare it. They h not declared even whether or not they will support the resolution. He did not bells that the colony was ripe for revolution, a if an appeal were made to the country, the Government would find this out. The oil support Ministers had obtained out of do was on the false pretence that they were p suing a protectionist policy. The Gove ment was supported because it was said would give protection; but were they s care in accepting support on such term If the Government intimated to-morrow the country that they would not give prot tion, and that they would have nothing to with it, then the country might be able judge, but at present the Ministry were cepting the support of men whose principal they repudiated. Before this Chamber to give to any Government the confidence i plied in the resolution that Government ought to have a strong, claim for that of fidence than this Ministry had. They abused the confidence of the country el gether. As he (Mr. Gillies) had said before all the support the Government got out doors was on account of the protection policy they repudiated. Mr. KYTE.-What about the Land Bill ? Mr. GILLIES looked upon that as a small item in this discussion. To attempt to drag the Land Bill in was futile, for nobody would be hoodwinked by anything of the kind. If there was to be a practical solution of this great vexed question, the Government were not the men to try it. The men who had pushed them into their present position were the men to get them out of their difficulty. 16 was the protectionist members' of the House who had pushed the Government on, and the whole responsibility of the present position of affairs ought to fall on them and why did they not assume it? It was their cry that the country was universally in favour of protection. Why, then, I did they (support a Government whose leading members denounced protection, and one of whom publicly declared that, if anything like a protective policy were enunciated by them, he would leave them ? Why did they not act honestly displace the Government, and appeal to the country on a protection policy ? For his part, he should be sincerely glad to see that brought about, and the country appealed to on a protective policy, for that was an appeal that ought to be made. The G o vernment occupied a position they should not occupy, for they could not carry on the business of the country, and according to constitutional authority, they ought, when that was the case, to give way. Mr. MICHIE had no doubt but that the hon. member for Ballarat West, after waiting so long, thought the Government should give way ; but a few months since, when there was a vacant seat in the Ministry, the Government could not be blind to certain manifestations, the hon. member was by no means so anxious that the Ministry should leave office. He had been treating the House to a reshuffle of the leading articles of the newspapers for some weeks past, but had he fairly dealt with the question? Was it the case that the Treasurer had said that the Govern- meat were not prepared to adopt the course proposed by the mover ? It was not the case for his hon. colleague had only said that the Government would not advise His Excellency to take an illegal course, and it would be difficult to show that the resolution proposed an illegal course. Could the hon. member: for Ballarat West propose a batter course which would allow of the civil servants being) paid for the duties they discharged ? Mr. GILLIES.-Send up the Appropriate Bill. Mr. MICHIE said there was no Appropriation Bill to send up. It was sent to the Council ; there it remained, and the Upper House were responsible for it. He would no leave the hon. member for Ballarat West longer in doubt, for he (Mr. Michie) should support the motion of the hon. member for Rodney, who had, Indeed, never once told him (Mr. Michie) of his intention of bringing a forward. Suppose that motion were lost, in what better position would the public affair be Suppose, for the sake of argument, the House was to decide to send up the Apprc privation Bill, they could not do so, for they had not got it to send up. If the Government were to go out, I could the hon. meet her administer matters better? Was the House going at the eleventh hour to stultify itself, and recede from its position without an absolute assurance that the tariff would be passed ? If he understood the House at al he should reply in the negative. Were there disSolution, there would be the same difficult] for there would he no payments while the House was reassembling. The public estt blishments would break up in the interval and a dissolution of society would result. N doubt there was another alternative, viz., to the Government to disburse the public moneys without an Appropriation bill. The could not be flinched from, for the lion, mon ber had pointed to no other course. Sure! if no other way could be pointed out, the House could trust the Government thus far when the Treasurer had already stated that no illegal course would be advised. Eith that statement must be taken in its rate gritty, or it must not, and if the former, i what was there to complain ? He (Mr. Michie had now dealt with all the legitimate argt ments to which the hon. member for Ballan West had invited the House. The hon. member had quoted Mr. J. A. Roebuck, and seems to think there had been a misrepresentation made, but the whole strain of the argument was the alleged incapacity of one branch the Legislature to take a particular course in dependent of the other. The instance referred to by the hon. mover had not been me The whole point of Mr Fox's resolution was that it was to be compulsory on Mr. Pitt Administration, but the motion of the hon: member for Rodney was not compulsory Besides, what motive could the Government have in disregarding the motion, and he graft lonely involving the public servants and co Senators in an additional amount of distress There was therefore no force in the objects of the hon. member for Ballarat West, th the motion would be inefficacious. The rain which the hon. member had to meet was to that there were two specific instances ': which the public service had been carried ( in England without the actual authority the House of Lords and that argument of hon. member had not been able to come The dispute, after all, came round to the qui ties which had been debated aforetime namely whether this branch of the Legislature had or had not control over the public purse. He hoped the House would not rise from the position which it had taken a that it had a right to control the pun EtriDgs of the colony. He would n surrender his conviction that the bow of the purse remained, and ought to remain with this branch of the Legislature. The be contended, was the intention of the Co stitution Act. The House must either lay! up that position, or allow that the 6th branch of the Legislature had a right to eat even a control over the financial affairs of the country. Even the hon. member for Ballarat West, if he read the 56th and 67th clauses the Constitution Act, would not believe in: the Council had co-ordinate authority withe AEEembly in dealing with matters finance. Mr. GILLIES.-Who ever said no? Mr. MICHIE Why, the hon. member I been arguing it by the hour. Mr. GILLIES.-No. Mr. MICHIE paid that the hon. member did not see the effect of his argument, T hon. member asked why the Government is not East the Turiff Bill up to the Legislative Council separately; and what did he me by that question, unless he believed that the Council had a perfect right to kick out 1 Tariff Bill, as they had to kick out any of measure, and as they had repeatedly kicked c measures upon which the community had its heart ? That was the whole scope a substance of the hon. member's argument and if that was not contending for co ordin authority for the Council to deal with qu tions of finance and taxation, he (Mr. Mich did not know what was. Although a "crash as it was called, had arisen, it was oqnn clear to the understanding of all, that it v desirable that the public establishments the country should be maintained us here fore, and it they could be maintained legal there was no reason why it should not done, notwithstanding the controversy tween the two Houses. Mr. GILLIES.-What remedy do you pose. Mr. MICHIE said that the Government proposed a legal remedy. (Laughter.) If remedy were not a legal one, the proper court for the hon. member for Ballarat West, orso other hon. member to adopt was to table a e cific motion of want of confidence in the A. sent Administration. The hon. member Warrnambool seemed to be sadly afflicted w the extraordinary revelations which he got Collins- street. He (Mr. Michie! was air that the hon. member passed that street 1 on uneasy ghost, and allowed his credit and exceedingly impressionable mind to stuffed with the most extraordinary figures (Laughter.) The hon. member said that had been actually proposed by members the Government that the two men should be separated, and sent up to Council as two measures. Mr. DANE.-On conditions. Mr. MICHIE.-What were the condition The conditions were, that the leek should eaten by the Legislative Council that it would be prepared to pass the Tariff Bill, to give reaEonable-aESurances that they we do so. He thought that neither the Government nor the House would be inclined stand upon what might be regarded as a reform if the substance of that which had b contended for was conceded namely, passing of the Tariff Bill, as being a mess over which the Assembly alone had a or to exercise any control. If the Com would give reasonable assurances t they would pass the Tariff Bill, the vernment would, perhaps, subordinate for to substance ; but the hon. member for 1 larat West relied more on form than e stance. He would sacrifice the interests ; happiness of thousands of families to n forms. Mr. LEVI contended that no public men could be legally expended without authority of an Appropriation Act; and he called upon the Attorney-General to point out how either the Audit Commissioners or the Treasurer could sign warrants declaring that money was legally available when it had not been appropriated by act of Parliament. Unless the Attorney-General could show that money was legally available without on Appropriation Act, he (Mr. Levi was bound to vote against the motion of the hon. member for Rodney, Although a notice, signed by the Treasurer, had been published in the Gazette, declaring that there was no money legally available, yet it was the intention of the Government to accept the resolution which had been brought forward by that hon. member. Why had the Government left the matter in the hands of a private member? They had driven the House into a difficulty, and it was their duty to have brought forward some measure to solve the difficulty, and not to have left the matter in the hands of a private member. If the Government were not prepared to state what steps they intended to take they would drive the country into a state of revolution. Did the Government intend to remove the Audit Commissioners if they could not coerce them to do what they intended to do ? (An hon. member.-" They cannot ! ") The 5th clause of the Audit Act provided that the Audit Commissioners were not re- movable unless upon an address to His Excellency the Governor from both Houses if in the same session of Parliament, or from the Assembly alone if the address were presented in two succeeding sessions. If the Government wished to suspend the Audit Commissioners without consulting the Legislative Council, they could prorogue Parliament, and have two short sessions of the Assembly with- in a few weeks. That seemed to be the only course by which they could escape out of the difficulty in which they were placed. Did they propose to adopt that course ? If they did, they might, under the 7th clause of the act, afterwards appoint three other gentlemen to act as Audit Com missioners, who would, of course, be mere dummies to carry out the designs of the Ministry. Was that their intention? Were the Government to rule the Constitution, 01 were they to be ruled by the Constitution. The House was asked to support the motion of the hon. member for Rodney simply be cause the Government had not though proper to carry out the statements which they made to both branches of the Legislature a the opening of the session-that " at an early period your attention will be called to a measure having for its object the readjustment the tariff." Instead of that promise being carried out, the Government had tacked the tariff to the Appropriation Bill, to force down the throats of the members of the Legislative Council. The Government of the country could not be carried on by on chamber. The Upper House must have some share in legislation, and, although the were not erected upon such an extended suffrage as the Lower House, they were still a representative body, and possessed the un questioned right to reject, if not to alter: money bills. The Upper House had laid the Appropriation Bill aside merely in order to give the Government an opportunity of taking such steps as would release them from the position which they had found it impossible to extricate themselves from. Instead of explaining the question lucidly to the House, the Ministry has sought the aid of a private member, in order to help them out of the dilemma. If they desired time, in order to enable them to frame a policy, they ought to have it but he objected to the House being blinded day after day, and never being made the wiser. If the Government really intended to take upon themselves the power of disposing of the public purse-, then good bye to law an order in the colony. The Government, since they had been in office, had so extended to powers' of each department that they are: virtually the governors of the country, an if they liked to wield the powers which were in their hands, the people would 1 living under as great a despotism i if they were in Russia. Mr. LEVEY find expected that the A torney-General would before this have throw some light upon the subject. He had been three speeches from the Government side the House, but he was quite unable to make them agree, and he thought the Attorney General should have relieved the house to the state of uncertainty in which it now we There were three courses which might I followed. The first was the resignation the Ministry, and the second the Rescinding of the resolutions recently passed. The G vernment had stated there was a third course open, but they had declined to see what it was, and had left the House in complete state of ignorance as to what the intentions were. If they were to believe it gossip of Collins-street, the Government we going to have recourse to a loan from the banks; but this would not improve their portion in any way. The recent resignation a strong Government supporter, because ! did not feel justified in taking part in a violation of the Constitution Act without a consent of his constituents, clearly indicate the course which the Government ought pursue. Other members might hold the car opinions, and such might also be t opinions of the members of the Minister for any information they had given the House. Another statement, which had heard that very day, was, th the Government intended to get out the difficulty by the issue of " greenbacks These were ridiculous rumours, he must co fees, but the existence of such rumours on showed that in the country there was a me profound anxiety to know what course the Government intended to take, and thought it was high time that some sta- meat of their intention should be made He was strongly in favour of a reform the Upper House, but the reconstitution attacks which had been made upon the branch of the Legislature would have t effect of preventing any reform at r The opinion which prevailed with regard the conduct of the Government had been expressed at the late election. Mr. Carr was gentleman who stood well with the co country, but the electors did not approve the attempt of the Government to sweep t Upper House away, and hence his position the poll. The Government had always received at the hands of the Opposition even possible amount of fair play, and night at night they had been allowed to pay their measures almost sub silentio. Th experience would not justify them placing blind confidence in the Government and unless the Ministry were prepared to say definitely to-night what course they intend to pursue, the Opposition, though weak, wot be bound to do all they could to prevent Government persevering in their present course of action. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM observed that a hon. member for Normanby spoke as thou he had been one of the most cordial si porters of the Government, instead of one its strongest opponents. He regretted that could not reciprocate the hon. member's stn month with reference to the forbearance of 1 Opposition. His impression was, that he members on the opposite side of the Hon had embarrassed the Government just top portion to their sewer. That power had be small, but the will to use it had not b: wanting. From the terms of the motion, understood that it called upon the Government to advise Governor as to means to be taken for carrying it into effect in 1 event of its being passed ; but it did not; suppose that the Government had perfected a plan by which the difficult situate could he got rid of. It would be improper for the Government, before they knew We ther the House would accept the motion not to state what means they intended adopt in order to carry it, into effect. I was not prepared to state what course Government would take if the House pass the resolution. No doubt, if the men were adopted, His Excellency would cons with his advisers, and some means would adopted to put it in operation. The h member for Maryborough had not merely manded information, but he had uke b good enough to tender advice, and to sugg the dissolution of the Assembly. The He had only been elected eight months, and as elections gave the Ministry a very large a steady body of supporters, a dissolution i not called for. In no previous Parliament he believed, had there been so much c existent, energetic, and, at the same time, dependent, support accorded to a Governor by any Assembly as in this upon the yard leading questions of policy." If hon. merit hndBotforfeitedtbe confidence of their c stituents, what necessity was there for appeal to the country ? Not a single petit had been presented to this house with r rence to the tariff and if there had been a public meeting unfavourable to thetariff.tl: had been a dozen hold in its favour. To t to the constitutional principle upon wh Legislative Chambers were dissolved, it we be found that there was no precedent for dissolution of the Assembly because of a difference of opinion between that Lngisla body and another Legislative Cham but only where the difference of opinion existed between a majority of Assembly and the Government of the e This argument was all the stronger, Loco the Chamber which was at variance with this could not be subjected to the same test. If the members of the Legislative Council would resign their seats, he should be rejoiced to see the opinions of the country taken upon the questions now being agitated. He was not disposed to accept very favourably the suggestion of the hon. member for Maryborough that the Ministry should resign, that hon. member being one of the most determined opponents of the Government. The Ministry cordially concurred with the majority of the Assembly in maintaining the position they had assumed by every legitimate means, and the Government would not throw away a chance. If a majority of the House did not think there should be a resignation of the Ministry, or a dissolu- tion, what coiirEO were the Government to take? At the conference, Mr. Sladen said the members of the Legislative Council considered they had a plain duty to perform in protecting the privileges they asserted and if the members of the Legislative Council were not convinced in argument that they were not entitled to the privileges which they claimed, he should not dispute what they claimed as a right. But if it was their duty to defend the rights they believed they possessed, it was equally the duty of the Assembly to do so. Suppose the present Government resigned, what could their successors do? (Mr. Levi.-"Send up the tariff in a separate bill.") If an intimation were received from the Legislative Council that the tariff would be passed if sent up in a separate form, he was persuaded that the proposition would receive indulgent consideration at the hands of the House. But the House could not be expected to stultify itself by sending up the bill a second time until they received some intimation that the measure would be more respectfully treated than it was formerly when before the Upper House. Then, what else could the Government do ? (Mr. Levi.-"Dissolve the House.") The Government did not intend to do that, or to give others the opportunity of doing it. In passing this resolution the House was only asking the Government to do what some Government must do. Mr. GIRDLESTONE remarked that, though another Minister had spoken, the House was still in the dark as to the course the Government intended to pursue. He was inclined to think that the reticence of the Government was attributable to the fact that they did not know what to do. He thought the Government would be in a much better position if they had a larger Opposi- tion. Their opponents had been too harmless. They had been coerced by their supporters, and it was thus that they were brought into the present difficulty. After the repeated postponements which had taken place the Government appeared still in able to make up their minds. The Minister of Justice asked the member for Ballarat West to submit a course which would not involve a catastrophe. But why should a private member be required to do this? The Minister of Justice, not being in a happy vein, thrust query after query like this on the hon. member. Not being able to cope with his opponent's arguments, the learned gentleman endeavoured to kill him. Another Minister treated the member for Normanby in the same way, and these it appeared were to be the Government tactics for the evening. At hon. members had been appealed to se often for advice, he would give his, It was the same as that offered by the member for Normanby, Let the Government send up the two bills to the Council separately, or let them sever their connexion with the ultra protectionist. In either case Ministers would have a way out of the difficulty. The Treasurer had spoken of a legal' position were the resolution carried, but what assurance would the House have that it would be given effect to in a legal manner? He did not believe that the Ministry would act legally. They had eccentric views on the subject, and whatever they did was likely to be illegal and unconstitutional. Mr. COHEN did not look upon the question of issuing 8 Protection v. Free Trade. if so he could not understand why a simple change! of duties to the extent of £200,000 per annum should lead to such an immense cry. (Mr. Kytc-"It is the Land BUt." The real question before the House was, was the labourer to be paid for his life-work the civil servants to receive their stipends ? He stated the difficulties which at present beset the members of the civil service. The Connel and the Assembly were like two men fighting in the streets, and the civil servants, Uko at unfortunate individual getting in between them, received all the blows. He had no supported the Government in the back of the tariff to the Appropriation Bill, a proceeding which he regarded as a political error ; but he did pay that a resolution which opened the way to the payment of the civil servant should be supported, irrespective of political bias. Mr. BERRY characterised both the resolution and the discussion as extraordinary. The discussion, indeed, had scarcely equalled the gravity of the occasion. One statement has been made in it which he felt it his duty to utterly protest against, and that was that the Assembly was responsible for the crisis. The obstruction, he maintained, rested with the other Chamber He denied that it rested with this House t have renewed the discussion at all, nor was such discussion as had taken place calculated to raise the character of this Chamber. Sup poEe this resolution were carried, how much nearer was the settlement of the great cor stitutional question involved? he was second to none in desiring to see the question settled, 60 long as it was settled right but he denied that either he or the House was responsible for the present position c affairs. Five months ago the House took course which was light, and what that course would lead them to was plainly indicated, s that the present crisis had taken no one b Surprise. Was, then, this House to be the first to find out that the stoppage of the sup plies was more coercive on the Assembly that on the Council ? He regretted hon. member did not see that before they brought to country into a position which they had not the moral courage to keep up If hon. members were actuated by feelings and motives in which they had led the country to believe, they would have said to the Upper House, "There lies the Appropriation Bill let the Council pass it, and then all the dill culty passes away." None but those an mated by factious motives could fail to see that the real solution of the difficulty is only in the passage of the Appropriation Bar he never wanted to coerce the other Chamber He always protested that the action take was no coercion and in dealing with the motion the Assembly was departing from its position it had taken up. Was the payment of the civil servants the question in dispute Did any one deny that it was not? To question was, who was to tax the people? an to pass this resolution was not to advance one step nearer that. If that resolution meant anything, it was that the Government were to do anything they like and that something outside their constitutional powers. If it were not be, meant nothing, and was useless, for the Governor was bound to take the advice of his Ministers. Those Ministers had in mistakable evidence that they enjoyed the confidence of the House and what could be now want, except a precedent, which a future: Ministry might follow, and against which the House might protest in vain. Armed with this resolution, the Governor might dismiss his Ministers, and use it again with their successors. He (Mr. Berry) felt that 1 was awkwardly placed, He was as much in the dark as any other member lib I what course the Government intended 1 take, nor did he wish to show any want < confidence in the Government. If they can! show any reasonable plan by which they could get out of the difficulty, they would get h vote, and a large majority besides. If the would show that they had a proposition which they thought would be reasonably su ccEBful, he would have confidence in them If even they would say they had a fixed play in their minds, which it was not convenient to make public, and only use this resolution for that purpose, he might support them ; be even then the precedent would remain for a time. He too well remembered the effect of the tyranny of a majority in the case of the late Ministry to desire to see that conduct a peated and as he had no doubt that the some party would be in power again, he did not wish to strengthen their hands with resolution like this. Could any good com- from this resolution equal to the loss and danger in the future which would come out it Whatever the Government could do with this resolution they could do without i Why could they not tender their advice without it? Would it not be better to say t once-as be said now and before-" We are not responsible for this difficulty." If the gave their advice, there was nothing to also that the people would not back them u And if the Upper House had only not been allowed to see an appearance of vacillation and that there was no determination in the Government to push matters to extremities they would never have held out again the Appropriation Bill, as sent to them. The Governor might dismiss his Ministers, be if the House remained firm it would, course, refuse to stultify itself with another Ministry Then the House might be dissolved ; but what was that? the question would then he sent to ultimate appeal, and that was the only way in which it could ever be settled Supposing the House remained arm, for if over one question was not brought before the country last election this was not He (Mr Berry) did not ask for a dissolution, but he did not fear it If they were afraid of an appeal to the people, then they were a hand of conspirators, rather than the vanguard of liberalism. Were the House and country firm, they would soon sweep away all opposition, but the longer ultimate action was delayed the more fatal to the best interests of the country would be the result. The Government had a majority in the country now, but it could not be said how soon it might fritter away into a minority There was, in fact, no could, however strong that the Government could take that would not be justifiable, and that brought him back to his first remark, that this discussion was one calculated to do immense harm He feared any tampering with the question. He feared that by delay the people might become tired of the question, and that when the period for a dissolution arrived, at ra action might have set in At present however, the country was So sound at heart that if the present Ministry went out of office to morrow, he believed that the free traders would not venture to take office Mr MLELLAN-The free-traders are in office now. (Laughter) Mr BERRY said no Ministry would venture to take office to reverse the policy which the present Ministry had adopted Mr GREEVES moved the adjournment of the debate. Mr M CULLOCH expressed a hope that the House would finish the debate that night After some discussion, the motion for the adjournment of the debate was negatived Mr G V SMITH remarked that he had never heard a more purposeless speech than that of the hon member for Collingwood, The hon. member had deprecated a dissolu- tion in one breadth and a moment or two afterwards he had wished for a dissolution No good could be obtained by a dissolution, when the Ministry had already a large majority at their back H should be very glad, indeed, if an opportunity offered for appeal mg to the country at large on the question and if he received a requisition from his constituents smug him to resign, he would most willingly comply with that request He regarded the motion of the hon. member for Rodney is simply a declara- tion of confidence in the Ministry. He maintained that the course which had been adopted by the House was perfectly constitutional Constitutional government was a System of mutual checks and counteracting control LTib Excellency had a check upon the actions of that House because he could diEEohotho Legislature The Council had a check which it had often used, and now, for the first time, the Assembly had tried to have a check upon the Council If it had not that check the balance of constitutional government was gone Mr SNODGRASS proposed the following amendment - 1 That the salaries of civil servants for the month of July have not yet been paid and other public obligations are undischarged, and that the resolution of this House adopted on the 25th of July, 1895 has failed in robbing the expectations of this House, and that in the opinion of this House, the resolution referred to be now road and rescinded ' The hon. member remarked that the resolution referred to had entirely failed to effect the object which was anticipated from it and that some other mode ought to be adopted to endeavour to adjust the differences between the two Houses Mr HARKER seconded the amendment. He was convinced that unless the resolutions previously adopted were rescinded, the difficulty which had arisen between the two Houses could not be settled He believed that the Council would not deny the right of the Assembly to regulate the taxation of the country, but that question had never been put fairly before them, He did not think the Assembly would be sacrificing any of its rights by abandoning the resolutions recently passed, which were arrived at by the House when suffering under the excitement consequent upon the rejection of the tariff The whole thing had been a mistake, and the Government had found, a soon as the resolutions came into operation that they could not be carried out in the spirit in which they were framed He though the Council should have had the opportunity of expressing its opinion upon the measure separately, and he believed there was a growing feeling in the colony that the branch of the Legislature, in the course it had taken, had only been maintaining the right which the Constitution Act gave it The House divided on the question that the words proposed to be left out stand part of the resolution when there appeared Ayes 37 Noes 16 Majority nfeoinstthe amendment 2 The following is the division list - AYES, Mr Boyles Mr Foott Mr M'Culloch ?- Berry - Francis - M Lellan \- Lindon - Frazer - M'Plioreon \- Brown - Grant - Michio \- Burtt - Haley - Ramsay \- Campbell - Harbison - Bandit \- Casey - Higginbotham - Richardson \- Connor - Hopkins - Riddell \- Cope - J noa - Houlmon \- Crews - hit in - Smith G V. \- Cunningham - Kate - Sullivan \- Davies - Lalor - Verdon \- Dyte - Longmore - Wardrop \- Edwards - Macgregor hOLS Mr Blackwood Mr Kerr»!el Mr Pope \- Cobon - Levey - Sherwin \- Creswick -Levi - Smith, IL \- Dnno - M Bain - Snodgrass \- Gillies - O Grady - Thomas. L Harker The House then divided on the original motion, and the numbers were - Ayes 40 Noes 16 Majority for the resolution 21 DUTIES OF POLICE MAGISTRATES Mr COHEN moved ' That the condition attached to the vote of the salaries of police magistrates applies only to the regular practice of a profession and does not preclude them from receiving payment for services of a new profession and confidential character, provided the services are of such a nature as in no way to interfere with the discharge of their duties a public servants " Mr. CRESWICK seconded the motion After remarks from Mr Michie, Mr CREWS moved the adjournment of the debate Mr MACGREGOR seconded the amendment which was negatived by a majority i twenty five votes against fifteen. After observations from Mr Casey M LONGMORE, Mr Dane, and Mr SuonaitAijS, Mr COHEN consented to the adjournment of the debate until Tuesday The House adjourned, at half-past two o'clock, until Tuesday 