A RELIABLE GUIDE. BRADSBAW in Victoria, like HANSARD in Victoria, is a myth. If he were not a myth we should thank him for doing all he can to render us undeserving of the constantly recurring imputation of extreme "fastness," that is to say, [he shows that we are not altogether deserving of it, and there is a kind of comfort in feeling that even in this new country, where Yankeeiem appears to have taken firm root, there is at least one institution that is not influenced by it. BRAD- SHAW takes his own time, and doesn't care about responding to the constantly recurring injunction to " advance," which Victoria has so perpetually dinned into her allegorical ears. Now, a very fast BRAD- SHAW would anticipate changes in giving information, and, in the confident belief that a public officer would die, or be removed, or otherwise experience modifications in his circumstances, would make the alteration so as that the announcement of the change should be co-incident with the change itself. Not so our mythical friend, his pace is leisurely and solemn. He waits a twelvemonth or so to be quite sure the change has occurred, and then he confidently announces it. For instance, Mr. S. ALLEN, the registrar of births, deaths, and marriages for Collingwood, died about a year ago, but according to our mythical friend, he is still performing the duties of that office; so also Mr. WILSON GRAY, who is very deservedly enjoying the dignity and emoluments of a judgeship in New Zealand, is still declared to be a barrister in Victoria; the Carlton Young Men's Institute, -which gave up the ghost many months ago, is still flourishing; and Dr. MACADAM holds his honors as an M.L.A., for all that Messrs. CARPENTER, BINDON, and ZEAL are understood to be the representatives of the constituency from which our analytical dignitary derived his title. Dr. ROBERTSON, who went home a year ago, more or leBs, is still the "Health Officer" at Queenscliffe; and Dr. OWENS, who succeeded, has not yet acquired the right of being recognised— in BRADSHAW—as his successor. Ordinary individuals might deem themselves entitled to complain of BRADSHAW'S incompleteness as a "Guide to Victoria," in that it is six, or eight, or, shall we say, twelve months behind the time ; but they show a great lack of discernment who cannot discover in these examples of apparent dilatoriness the true spirit of conservatism. It is all vezy well to talk of progress, but we know how progress sometimes degenerates into revolution ; and therefore BRADSHAW is greatly to be commended for putting the drag on, and tacitly, but practically, protesting against the fevered pace at which we are moving in many directions. And in justice to BRADSHAW, we are bound to say that the specimens we have given of this admirable determination to withstand excessive goa-headism, are only to be regarded on the ex pede HercuUm principle, and that the quality which is so good of its kind, is consistently and uniformly excellent in degree. 