Qe Hfort|j gnstvaUan. TUUBSDAT, MARCH 16, 1865. SUMMARY FOR THE PAST MONTH. ' Coming events cast their war dowB before them.' The Ministry is in a tottering position. Differences, not merely of opinion, but of interest &nd; feeling, exist among tlie members of the Executive Council ; and like a house dmaea against iuwu, ?? « +'***-j ?» i fall The present Ministry does not! possess the confidence of the country, I and we do not think they will be able j to pass through the ordeal of Hie com- 1 ing session. One section of tbe Cabi- I set has endeavoured to prop up I 'their .falling boose by inst&tut-; 1 ing a criminal prosecution against a portion of ihe Press, for attributing to one of its members cor- | rapt motives iu the discharge of his | public duty ; and the other section has ; been lauding the Press, and patronis ing tbe very paper which was tlie sub ject of the criminal prosecution. The Attorney-General instituted a Govern ment prosecution against the proprie tor of the Courier for libeL The Minister of Lands and Works, after the alleged libel appeared in the Courier, and, after proceedings had been taken against the proprietor, took the editor aC *!.*.* wuiv«a** «o tiic MtmnaniAlt /tn ntfi VL UUIb U»UCs. «'O aud viw m» £*?-?« w— ?»?* _— | Ministerial tour to the gold diggings at J Talgai. The Attorney-General, in tbe I name and on behalf of the Crown, filed a criminal information against Mr. Tho- j mas Blackett Stephens, the pro prietor of the Courier, whom he described as a 'malicious and ill disposed person,' and whom he charged with 'unlawfully and ma liciously devising and intending to bring into contempt the ad ministration of justice, as by law established in Queensland,' and with endeavouring ' to cause and excite disaffection and discontent in the minds ~r 4-l.n I.Ajwn finluMits nf nnr Ifadv r-he Queen.' The Minister of Lands and Works, the proprietor of the Courier, and the Railway King of Toowoomba, were closetted for hours in close and confidential communication. What they did, and what they said, on that memorable occasion, nobody knows and nobody cares ; but the fact that Mr. Stephens was there is significant. On a subsequent occasion, after the de feat of the Attorney-General on the — i* *-TLHy£iirtmily vf **?* iUTf *° agree to S~ver-KcT wafTSfiflSttbunt -&? »? defeat — -the Minister of Lands and Works took the earliest opportunity, which presented itself at the opening of MubpHt's Bridge at Ipswich, to eulogize the Press, in humble imitation of Lord Paluebston at Romsey. But it was not so much to imitate the Brit ish Premier as it was to have a sly poke at his colleague, the Queensland Attor ney-General, that Mr. Macatjsteb pro posed, in such eulogistic terms, die toast of '' The Press.' The Minister, it is true, did this at the expense of his consistency — he having applied to the same Press language of anything but a complimentary character, at Too woomba, about twelve months before. It was not that the character of the Press hail improved during the inter val, or that the opinions of the Minister on die subject had changed — but the times had changed. — Tempora Jfuian tur, tt no* mutamur in iUds. Bnt what shall we say if the article which attri buted corrupt motives to the Attorney General, and for which he instituted, in the name of the Grown, a Cri minal Prosecution against the pro pietor of the Courier, was con cocted and written in the office of the Minister of Lands and Works 1 If t&is; were bo, and we leave the Attorney-General and the Minister of Lands and Works to settle the question of fact between themselves — are we not installed in inferine, from these dis sensions in the Cabinet, that (be career of ' my Ministry' is nearly at an end ? What a happy family ! The Government prosecution of the proprietor of the Courier for libel, has terminated. in a failure, and an igno minious compromise, neither honorable nor creditable to either parly. Tlie 'ant ^ttn TmvBg^H^^T^WB8B*lB||| lished in tlie Comer, on the 10th , ©f January, 1865, impnted to him corrupt motives in the dis charge of his duty as Attorney- General and Grand Juror of tbe colony, inas much as he bad 'unduly, wrong tuuy, improperly, ana corrupuy, re fused to indict one Robert Lknmok MoFaddbn, who had been committed by the Police Magistrate for perjury. The defendant called no witnesses, and the cane went to the jury solely on the evidence for the prosecution. The jury were unable to agree to a verdict seven being against, and five ibr ihe Attorney-General— and they were discharged. The Attorney-General -expressed Jus intention to move for M, new trial ; but the defendant having stated, (hepugh his counsa, that -he did not mean and never, intended - to ?, impute corrupt mo tive* to tbe AttomeyrUenerai, uie 4atter'7iacepted the apology, and en tered :-» r ncUe prpteqni— -thus patting «oiead tpfeU-furtber proceedings. The Cmef Justice, \xrho presided at the trial, expressed himself latisfiea at the result, and so &e; proceedings 'tenni-' Mated. Bnt if the Chief Justice wa* Attorney- General himself cannot be, because the charge of corrupt motives, impnted to bim in the article, still remains, unaltered and unabated. The defendant was only the proprietor of the paper, but be was not the writer Jl uie xubiuie. xub ueuuu, itunciuiv, unounted to nothing — it could not liter the obvious meaning of the print ed article. The defendant might say, perhaps with perfect truth, that he (Mr. Stephens) did not intend to im pute corrupt motives to tlie Attorney General; but the article itself did. The Attorney- General, in his declara tion, said it did, his counsel said it did ? the Court thought it did : and everybody thought it did; and what everybody says, in such a case, must be right The charge, in all its odionsness, still attaches to the Attorney- General. He sought to -vindicate his character from the foul imputation, by a criminal pro secution, but the jury would not adopt his view of the case ; they could not agree to a verdict, and have thus left bus 1 1 ? ? ?? ? r,'* **— wv*»*»^»-«''» — — -*i ? j ? same position as it was before tbe trial. The position of the Attorney-General, under these circumstances, is most awk ward, and it is equally embarrassing to bis colleagues in the Ministry, himself, and the Governor. He ought, in order to get rid of the foul im put&tionj; to demand £|an official inquiry into his oondnct rela tive to the matter of which he has been publicly accused, in order that he might have an opportunity of making such explanations as would vindicate his character, aud establish' his innocence. Bnt, in the event of his not doing so, it then be comes the duty of the Governor to order such an inquiry to be held be fore the Executive Council. His Excellency has not done so, and he will have, by this mail, to explain, to the satisfaction of the Imperial Go vernment, why he has not carried into effect the positive instructions of the Crown with respect to charges of this description made against public officers. Since the failure of this Govern ment prosecution, another step has been taken which has had the effect of placing the Government in a very fake position. Some years ago a pro ject was started, called 'tbe Moreton Bay Tramway,' in which many per sons were induced to take shares ; and it appears that, in order to facilitate the getting up oF tbe Company, three of the Directors, Messrs. Coote, Stephens, and Buckley took each one thousand extra shares. The Company came to grief, and was placed in the hands of the official assignee, to wind up its afikirs under the Act. '?' An order was made by the Supreme Court in October, 1863, calling upon the share holders to pay the amount of their in stalments into the hands of the receiver ; but, beyond the making of the order, it appears that nothing further was done ; and the matter was suffered to remain in abeyance, until after the failure of the Criminal Prosecution against Mr. SispbksSt— when, suddenly, the Judge's orAer,'-rIiiotili!ia latin dormant oolong in the Receiver's office, -was ferretted out of some musty corner, and Mr. Brameton was instructed to move for a rule nut, calling upon Messrs. Coote and Ste phens to show cause why they should not be committed to prison for con tempt of Court, in having neglected to obey the Judge's order. The parties appeared ou Friday last, when the rule was made absolute, but not to be is sued until die first day of next term. This step was taken ostensibly by and in the name of the Receiver ; but we be lieve that this officer was merely made use of by others behind the sceues. Now, let us look at the facts, just as they are. Who are these shareholders who are selected to be the first victims? First, Mr. Stephens, tbe proprietor of the Courier, and the defendant in the broken down prosecution for libel Secondly, Mr. Coote, a clever architect, who is also Known to wield the pen of a ready writer. Suppose that a rumor should nave reached the Attorney General, associating Mr. Coote's name with the article in question — what then i Whv were these two directors Bummoned before the Court to show cause why they should not be imprisoned, whUetbeirco-director was left free? Was it because Mr. BuckUY, being tbe Audi tor-General of the colony, was a dange rous customer to be roughly handled by his brother officials? Or was it for some other reason having a more di rect connection with the late prosecu tion for libel t Perhaps, some of our readers can answer tbe question, and also inform us who set the wheels of tbe legal machinery in motion. Tbe time, the circumstances, the invidious eelec rcon oi tnese two genuemen, — au con spire to make out a strong ease of ens jMcjfliLjaajnsj,_ The ghost of Tief^^'ouTmlan^WsmpTwrS8?!!' finger on its lips In friendly caution. We shall adopt the ghostly counsel and leave tbe reader to finish the sentence. The new bonses of Parliament, are being erected at the southern end of the Queen's Park, in a line with George street. Tbe length of die building is to be 304 feet, and tbe greatest depth, 60 feet The building is to be three stories in height ; tbe front is in a line, with George-street, the back towards tbe rivet. The building, we are told on 1&» authority of a ocuitcmponry, « is of (be composite Tdnd. and belongs to what is called' tbe Kftnaireence (tic) style of architecture. The refreshment rooms, tac the use of members, will be at the back *-f the main hollaing, on 0»:Biae towards Ae river, and will be - separate stoicWre ^together, although in immediate jiroximity .fo the main one. ' The whole of the ground story ottiieri^'1^^)i-ai-^e-de-~ the like; tto two 'Houses,' mmely, the Council Chamber and the [As sembly Chamber, which Ats each eigh^ feet long, diirty-wx feet wide, and tiiirtj feet fak(B, ind library, or reau imr^Dom, alia ytitiQC^coomsj wifl Wen the first floor. The second fib Rnd jng another library, galMsrt» ora_ various offices'' Our contetim .wil] concludes ' &at; when completodj.a a fc ' bea most imposing structure, seoorn. ^ « none in Australia' for beauty, des% r 'noble proportioas, artiBtic finishy*. 'what is even of P**^™]?0^?^ 'for theevident«BT6andthoughtwhM* ' has («c) been bestowed on the intar 'nal arrangements, W as to secure 'comfort ana convenieoee to 'I*''*0 'may have occasion to attend} whether ' members of the Legislature, or other 'high officials, reporters for tbe-pobUc 'Prmu or the nubtic theTnsewte (Te are sorry that we cannot ind^rwthe magniloquent euloginm of tbe wrii*eIVorJ idopt his views of either the beauiTet the architecture, the style, the desig^ ar the convenience of the internal ar rangements. We think tbe whole are open to very grave objections. In the j first place the design is unsuitable for this climate. The inconvenience of a three-story building in a semi-tropical climate, must be apparent to everybody. There was no necessity for a three story building, as the Architect was not limited to space ; and the plan, more over, adds greatly to the expense of construction. The cost of construction \- -_t= ? *_j --- jrtttnnn hnt it will jg GBmiUBUCU am ^^iv,ww, »..»- ? robably exceed £60,000 before it is completed. A suitable building, which would, be capable of affording all the nrtivimmodation xerjuired. could bfe con structed for half the amount ; and not only the chambers of tbe Council and Assembly, but all the offices connected with the Parliament might be placed on one floor. This of itself would be a great advantage, and would increase the comfort and convenience of the members of Parliament, the officers of the Government, and the pnblic. The front of tie building is to be in a line with George-street, and the back towards the river. This is a blunder, -»ji A ?-»»«, mfimib nnA f-jw ar vre shal presently show. The building, as viewed from the river, will stand upon an elevated platform, and will form a conspicuous object, not only from the river, but also from South Brisbane, and for miles around. In this commanding position, the back — it' the architect will persist in having it called tbe back ought to be of a highly orna mental character, and should display some of the finest portions of the exter nal design. It will be, in feet, the most prominent part, and that wbicfc will be more seen than any other. The front will be visible only from the street, and from the comparatively little and that vacant space in front of it ; while the 'back' will be visible for many miles around, and will form a marked object upon which the eye will rest from the farthest point of vision. It should therefore be an essential feature in the design, that the building on the river side ehould present fea tnres of a highly ornamental and at . ? a.1 ? ,~u_— a.**,.— Tint \taa tihis been attended to ? Has this formed any part of the architect's design ? Not at all. He has no eye for the beautiful — bo taste for .tbe picturesque. '** A primrose lir'Cha -t Evier'a lirim A yellow primrose is to him. And it i» nothing more.' .... The'composite'oharacterofthebuUd- ing i« further illustrated by tbe fact that' the Refreshment Booms lor me ' use of members will be at the back of the main building, on the side ' towards the river.' If they formed part of the main building they would not affect the external charac ter of the architecture, but, in stead of this, they are to con stitute a separate structure altogether, although in immediate proximity to the main building. Can anything be in worse taste than this t It is positively execrable. The unfortunate 'back' of ibis building is condemned to bear this huge excrescence, which will be just such an addition to its beauty as the hump is to the back of a camel. Why not make a dromedary of it at once, by putting up stables -also. The design would then have tbe merit of being unique — the. hostelry arrangements would then be complete, and refreshments provided for man and beast. They might, by way of adornment, add a few other buildings in tbe Eealnuisance style of architecture for the convenience of members ; and the tout enteable would then be complete. It is not too late to prevent the consummation of this great ar chitectural blunder, which has been adopted by the Executive Council; but if they should, as they probably will, adhere to their adopted plan, they will, when the buildings are completed, have achieved tbe unenviable distinc tion of having erected a permanent monument to perpetuate tbe folly of the primeval Government of Queens land. Ae for the architect, we would of the great arobiteot ofBtFauf? Catheral, and bearing tbe inscription — u UonnmenUun si nqsiris^rcxunspioe.*' If you would seek my monument look around. . 'The following gentlemen have been elected Mayors of the several Municipa lities, for the ensuing year:— -Brisbane, Mr. A. J. Hockings; Ipswich, Mr. Hob- ? phy ; Toowoomba, ' Mr. BoBnraos ; Drayton, Mr. Habboook; Warwick, Mr. Asdrsd; Dalby, Mr. Sextos ; Maryborough, Mr. Pajateb ; Gladstone, Mr.. PEBSaODBB; Bockhampton/ Mr. LnrEBMoos ; Bowen, Me Clarke. The Governor lias refused to grant the prayer of the memorials presented to bim by the inhabitants of Toowoom ba and Dnyton, that the jaulway«ter minus might be changed at Che fooner plaoej and a new Erie adopted, and that the railway should be carried to Drayr fan.; :c3W mfinal in mnMmrl in tanms more -: flippant. ''than becoming.- ?The . memorialists of both towns were entitled ,to an earnest con^derati6n & their eonv plaint,attdto»!respectM answer. We do not consider that they ?obtained .either. , The answer is dgnedfeyMr. for the style of the composition we are unable to say. A new School of Arts has been opened at Bockhampton. The inau gural address was delivered by J. Dou glas, Esq., M.L.A. The weather daring the month has been very dry iu the vicinity of Bris bane ; bnt copious showers have fallen on the Downs, and in different parts of '.he country. g^ losa the characteristics which tend to. fc -tamp on our colony that of a fecile oouBt 'nt to submission to loss, we know none more 8trikulg than those which attend the contract for the clearing of the BJvt 'r Bremer- We do not at all impute t ° the Mi'*** of Lands and Work* ft. * desire to rescue an unfit Engineer ot Waterworks from a possibly unprofitable contract We do not in . my way say t» hat Mr- Brady had not a Dtx-otablebargL «n(he being an engineer L. the water « -»** «f Brisbane), for th- c ^earing of * *e Brewer. But it does st Tfte as as . «*' odd, that Mr. Bbabt being boti. x engineer for the Brisbane Water-work * °nd« *e Com mission Of wWch Mr. MACAUBTERia chairman, a-« the t -bujnitor* Bfr. Beenatb, seoi^tory— she a/d™vfb«fB contractor for t *e Temova. 7°» odeteuc tions in the Bi Werner; ?»» ™Be «» released from Am ctmtraet, **. what reasons may be best fammto- -whom t Can the'Colonial A Jwoiteet— . «n the Engineer for Beads- -tafce a Bov'»wact under the Government t Mr. Ln.TLK, as CrownSolicitor, has, »Teknow,eerb.«n privileges to which we have before *!- luded, but we bave not yet seentb* person ; still less have we 6 een the coat tractor released from bis responsibilities^, and in virtue of that release, appointed' to an office which would practically give him the supervision of the woi-fc which he bad originally contracted to dbi If this be the case — and the Government! Gazette leaves no donbt on the snbjeefc. — we have only to say that no greaterr violation oflthat common honesty wlichi is supposed to be observed between tbe : Government as employers, and that portion of the pnblic who may be sap- - posed to be fit for employment, has yet. occurred even in Queensland. What are the circumstances of the contract in question? Nay, more, wMatr are the circumstances' that should leg itimately attend any Government cas* tract % The contractor is supposed to be able to carry out his work, and en that supposition ne Unas suKicieni sean. rity. We presume that to bave beem done in the present case ; — if then, 3Br^ Beady found tbe work unproi? table,, where were his securities? Did the: Government call upon him or them for the fulfilment of the contract? The. answer is — and we grieve to say fl^— that Mr. Bradt is Engineer of Har bors and Rivers. Whatever the latter ? maybe, he is relieved from his obliga tions. Now, was Mr. Brady's tendec sufficient or not? If sufficient, why relieve him? — if not, is bis presumed, incompetency to protect his own in terest — a guarantee that h- wjll be ?Ucto guard that jfijhpP' ' ????n6nt r Either he or they are in erroK- The two might possibly divide the' MSult between them ; but whether of Incur or disgrace has yet to be seen. We are aware — as who is not — of that differences that exist in the present Mii nistry and of tbe causes of those diffe rences. Happy men, who find in the interests which private circumstance* offer, causes of dispute on matters of* public policy. But, we will venture to offer this advice to Mr. Macauhteb.. — perhaps the cleanest out of a very dirty lot, that it would be well if he* washed his hands of this sort of work,, even though it were a kind of corn legal luminary, Mr. Bbahsxon, whom some men irreverently call Johhhy, as Minister of Justice, and a postpone muut oi iraruanieat uoui Bomssimc ra, May. Queensland debentures, six per cent, under Victorians, won't stand thiss game. Are we never to hear the last of buying and selling? There was? once some one who said hard things' of men whom he may.: now see not very far above hirf original appreciation. Some talk even of 'adventurers.' We have seen smaller men whose heart's core has centred in a police magistracy. For once in our lives let us have some thing like an honest politician. Oh yesternay evening a meeting «T fhm Q. V. B. Corps was held at tin Axbsobtjc. bat eleven members only answered to their names. Captain Drnry then said that thst object of the meeting was to arrange for that internal administration of -the corps, ?» they had been nnnble to obtain the report of tin committee, or the statement at tha treasnrer. both of which onght to have been received long ago ; also, if considered need ful to elect another committee. He knew ftliafc A Innm anuuit wu Jna to fllfl tnUD» tbt from the members, bnt he as well aa. MntSe^eantHa^aTrSIr^Sfrf^ commtttee. bat . aU in jvain. 1* - should be flad, therefore, ff mny member present code! pronose'some remedy, lie followin(t resolndon' was moved by Til maul filiTlilllll and BaDanaad hv Prinb, Mflls— 'That the Committee bnnn op a report on Friday afternoon next, afier tha pande. and make their financial state ment''. Tula resolution was carried. Cap tain Dmry «onsi3end it nnnnss'siyto ap {tennt two sergeants in the place of Ser geants Mnnoe and Black, who bad re signed. This was postponed. Captain Drory^then saio, ttat, «s Ml nwaroes yet taken lian |Hi-fed uisulBcuiit to aecme % xnoB, or even a moderate attendance a* drill, and ulhe Press had written strongrr oa w saojeox, severer measnres. woqm heneefortti beKSorted to. and that on Fri day next the mines «F (fa ?hsantess wonM ba taken ind snbmitted to Jthe Colo «el,*^»;rtrw«eom»nlend4tion-«h^they be ufaxetterl'!oia of the eorps' by the 'Governsr. Anit tins was Brit the only dia- . f^ar«tob«In«mia,a-r«lan«a«. 16, and 19 of thefVoluirteer Avt,p*m*i last Sessioa, would be caforoed. Xbose ,volttntBers whft -r ieft f-r were' eipelM *wonld thus be eom IKnedbyUV^jSy^kHfineaaia penal. . ties, and to^yfer taerr7 Wiifcon.f It *?? - . aoftidedthatooflung bjstr* dbetatr* oertifi. cate jfould be Accepted as, an exense for ' absence on Friday, and also,ttat£denton«»t Colonel O'Connell was the oniyferson «o- ? lw'-|^aleS««#d»-«^-Mi»Jbfae»r ;: ? MtSBUnCK - '' : . ' 