SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1865. The recent case of murder at Dayles- ford has not unnaturally attracted public attention to the existing system of coroners in this colony. In this instance, it is evident that the system bas proved grossly defective. A mur- dered woman lay dead for two days, in the very height of an Australian summer, before a coroner could be pro- cured in the district. The proper coroner for the locality, who is also the police magistrate, happened to be away on some other official duty at Woodend; and in his absence, there appears to have been no person on the spot to proceed with the inquiry. In the meantime, the corpse of the murdered and outraged woman lay festering in her bed for two days. The whole official force of Day- lesford remained paralysed, while every hour favoured the escape of the mur- derer, and rendered more uncertain the evidences of his crime. It is idle to throw the blame of this scandalous affair on the police magis- trate alone. It is surely the system that is at fault under which such a state of things is possible. If Mr. Drummond's explanation of the cause of his absence be true, it is absurd to blame him for not being at Woodend and at Daylesford at the same time. Nor is it fair to say, after the event, that the police magistrate ought to have sacrificed his duty at Woodend in order to attend to his duty at Daylesford. It was impossible that the police magis- trate could know, upon the first brief telegram, that a woman had been found killed on her bed at Daylesford, and that the occasion was so pressing as to require that he should immediately abandon the business ho was then en- gaged upon. We may regret that Mr. DRUMMOND was not present to make his inquisition upon the very morning which followed the night of the murder, but it was impossible for him to foresee the full gravity of the situation. The blame is to be cast rather upon the ar- rangement by which the coroner's office is discharged in the district of Dayles- ford. It is obvious that, if so many various duties are thrown upon the police magistrate, there ought to be some provision for his absence in any case of emergency. It would be better, perhaps, were the office of the police magistrate, at least in so im- portant a district as Daylesford, sepa- rated altogether from that of coroner; but if this cannot be done, it is surely possible to make some arrangement by which either the chairman of the bench of magistrates should be empowered to hold inquests in the absence of the prin- cipal officer, or that a deputy coroner should be appointed, as is the custom in England. In connexion with this subject, we may say that the whole question of coroners requires consideration, with a view to some improvement of the pre- sent system. In the country districts more especially, the office of coroner is one attended with many abuses. The work is usually performed after a very slovenly fashion, being either placed in the hands of incompetent persons or of those who have too many other duties to dis- charge. The coroner is, by the nature of his office, a most important officer in the state. According to old English precedent, he should be elected by the freeholders of his district ; and having to inquire into the death of any citizen, it would have been clearly an anomaly had he been appointed in any other way. In this colony, however, the coroners are appointed by the Crown, and inasmuch as the reason for their election by the people no longer exists, it is perhaps better that they should be so created. In thinly populated districts, it would be ab- surd to make the coroner an elected officer, and there would be many objec- tions to making him dependent for his place on the favour of the majority of the district. The present system, how- ever, though preferable in many ways, is still far from perfect. The persons appointed as coroners are, in many cases, grossly unfit for their position. They are either medical men in small practice, who make use of their office to advertise their pro- fessional skill, or overworked officials, who have no knowledge of their duties. The abuses may be classed into two principal heads- those arising from the coroner's negligence, and those from his over- officiousness, In the one case, the public are wronged because there is no proper inquisition into deaths ; and in the other, they are robbed by too many inquests. The practice of paying the coroner by fees has naturally led to the latter sort of abuse. The coroner is made to have a direct interest in every death in his district ; and in one or two instances which have come before the public, it is shown that they have as keen a scent as a ghoul for a recent corpse. The question of competency may be decided without reference to the long- standing controversy as to whether the coroner should be of the medical or of the legal profession. The best rule, perhaps, would be to appoint either lawyer or surgeon indiscriminately, ac- cording to his general fitness. The objections which have been made against medical coroners may be ba- lanced by objections at least equally strong against legal coroners. If it is urged that the former know little of law, and therefore are unfit to hold what is primarily a judicial investi- gation, the latter, on the other hand, know too much, and would be tempted to exceed their judicial cha- racter. And the inquisition, being one simply into the cause of death, there is no doubt that in most instances a me- dical man would conduct the inquiry better than a lawyer would. He would certainly save time in the inquiry, and that is an important thing, both for the juries and the public. As to the mode of remuneration for coroners, there can be no doubt that it ought to be by fixed salary, and not by fees. The principle of payment by fees is founded on the notion of giving the person so paid an incentive to exertion by making him a sharer in the benefits of his work ; but it is a principle grossly inappropriate in the case of a coroner, who is surely not expected to multiply sudden deaths by his vigilance. It would be as absurd to pay a judge for each suit that he decided, as a coroner for every body on which he sat. The coroner has a certain appointed func- tion, which, if he discharges properly, he can neither make more nor less onerous. To pay him by fees, there- fore, is both wrong in principle and mischievous in practice; for while it induces the conscientious official some- times to shrink from the prolongation of an inquest, for fear of being suspected of a greed for fees, it tempts the un- scrupulous practitioner to sit upon bodies on the smallest suspicion. The letter of Mr. Shields may, without any flattery to ourselves, admit of a very complimentary interpretation. That in the very midst and heat of holiday- making, when the picnic and the pantomime divide the empire over the po- pular mind with cricketing and soldier- ing, a section of our busy population shall snatch an hour from the round of sensual pleasures to give to the con- templation of such a picture as Frith's, is an omen from which it would be pos- sible to make very gratulatory prognosti- cations. It is a practical reproof to those traditional grumblers who have long ago, in their own minds, surren- dered the world to its grosser instincts, who see in the growth of material civilization the decay of that finer sense which, in some respects, once compen- sated for the absence of civilization,-who preach the doctrine of the decadence of the sublime and beautiful in proportion as the cultivation of mammon is ele- vated to a study, and look upon the art of money-making as a hard and selfish protest against the humanizing tenden- cies of the intellectual man. It is a sign coming with all the more emphasis from a society like our own, a society not in very high repute for the appre- ciation of good manners or the culti- vation of good taste-whose ethics have been described as those of a nation of convicts underlying a nation of specu- lators, and whose ideal of the beautiful is realised in that sort of creation which money and the milliner can turn out. The truth is, indifference to the claims of science and art is one of the standing scandals with which it has been the habit of our foreign critics to assail our reputation. Because we are a democracy, and because we are a gold-producing country, because we have universal suf- frage, and sport a Minister of Mines, we are lost to all sense of the sublime and beautiful. We are too young to have any genius of our own, and too callous and hardened by our pursuits to care about contemplating the genius of our neighbours. A serious rebuke to this very unsavoury slander was doubtless offered by the tangible figure which we made in the catalogue of the Great Exhibition. The Victorian Court was a heavy blow to the scandal- mongers, and had we followed up our efforts to make ourselves known in the world, they might have found some difficulty in recovering from it. We might, by this, have had a recognised status among the peoples of the earth, and our place on the map been duly un- derstood. As it is, we are convinced that we have only to make ourselves better understood to be better appre- ciated. In the matter of the liberal arts alone what other community so young has done so much towards multiplying the agencies of an art education ? If we wanted an argument or a witness against our traducers, what better testi- mony, for instance, could we show than our University and our Public Library? Ask the visitor to the lecture- rooms of the one or the sculpture-gallery of the other, whether we have not time for the literœ humaniores, or a thought to bestow on the ingenuas artes- whether Cicero is not a welcome com- panion of our studious hours, and Phidias a beguiler of our leisure- whether less reverence is paid to "the " old man eloquent," or less curiosity is given to the Laocoon than is their due. Indeed, inexperienced as we are, and com- pelled to be imitators rather than ori- ginators, we are not without achieve- ments of our own, "native deeds of " high exploit," to justify our vanity! And who is to say that the day will never dawn for us, when our young at- tempts shall ripen into the splendour of maturity-when Victoria shall give a name to some new school of art-when the art connoisseur shall put us in the same catalogue with Rome and Flanders and Greece ? Our atmo- sphere is as luminous and our sky is as brilliant, why may not our easels and our chisels produce some special characteristic worthy of our climate ? We are not among those who take an optimist view, of the condition of art in Victoria ; but we have no hesi- tation in saying that the germ of a dis- tinguished future has been planted among us, only needing sustenance to blossom into fruit. It is with this impression that we lose no time in commenting on the re- ception which Frith's masterpiece has met with, and in according a welcome to the proposal to provide for the perio- dical importation of a selection of ancient and modern masters. Such a visitation would be a very valuable supplemett to our local collection. Not the least advantage would be that it would keep us au courant with the progress of art at the least possible risk, and at a minimum of expense. Depend- ent on the patronage of the public, the public for its own sake would not refuse its patronage to an object that would be at once a source of enter- tainment and instruction. Added to this, this consideration presents itself on behalf of the project-if art does not come to us, we cannot go to art- True, the possessor of the purse of Fortuna- tus can bring enjoyments of every de- scription within his reach ; but though money can procure us all the luxuries and comforts of civilized life, the richest wines, the most curious textures of the loom, the rarest specimens of vertu, and the rarest inventions of science, still it cannot command the treasures of European galleries, or summon to our side for an instant a Titian or a Michael Angelo. Ex- cept under some such arrangement as has been suggested, we must be content to forego one of the greatest intellectual luxuries of the old world, to be without one of the most inviting elements in a liberal education, to contemplate Claude and Rembrandt only in copies or in books. In every other department but this one of the human intellect we have a fair and adequate share. The triumphs of science are all our own. No distance can make the wisdom of Faraday fall stalely on our ears ; we can hold com- munion with Owen ; Wheatstone tra- verses our furthest deserts ; Brewster and Herschel teach us the language of our stars ; Daguerre does for the face of our humblest beauty all that he has ever done for the Princess on her throne. Nothing, indeed, is more surprising than the readiness and the facility with which we acquire and make our own the chefs d'oeuvre of European genius. Is a new school of medicine given to the world, in a little time some distinguished pro- fessor is amongst us, interpreting its theories and propagating its practice. Has some new heresy startled the con- servatism of men's minds,-in a moment the controversy is transferred to our shores, and the discussion has found its partizans and opponents. Does some savant discover how to cheat winter, and give us ice in the hottest day of summer,-forthwith a company is started amongst us, guaranteeing us the full and perfect enjoyment of the discovery. Whatever be the invention, whether it minister to our intellectual curiosity, our appetite, or our bodily health-whether it be the production of a ghost, a patent for making some new bread, or some new means for getting thin, in an in- credibly short interval the innovation is acclimatised on our shores, minis- tering to our wants, and educat- ing our instincts. In the world of literature, again, we labour under no disabilities. So far as the great produc- tions of mind in prose and poetry are con- cerned, we are no worse off at a distance of fifteen thousand miles than if we sat by the very fountain-head of the Pierian spring. Whether it be for pleasure or instruction, the dilettante or the philo- sopher finds his tastes suited and his wants supped as readily in the southern hemisphere as in the northern. A Londoner or a Parisian can obtain but little which is not accessible to the humblest citizen of the Antipodes. The Pilgrim's Progress and Robinson Crusoe are as familiar in the log hut of the settler as in the cottage of the Middlesex artizan. Shakspeare and Milton, Gibbon and Macaulay, the great historian of the eighteenth and the great historian of the nineteenth century, look down upon us from, our shelves ; the notes of Tennyson find as keen an echo in our hearts, and the voice of him who gave us Pickwick wakes as keen a fun. We can - weep with Hamlet or rave with Lear, meditate with Rasselas or make a friend of Sir Roger de Cover- ley. But we can go no further. Into the kindred domain of the human in- tellect, into the realm of fiction culti- vated not for the ear, into the land of poesy feigned only for the eye, we may not transgress. It is announced in the Gazette of last night that a reward of £200 will be paid by the Go- vernment for such information on shall lead to the apprehension and conviction of the murderer of' Margaret Graham, at Dayles- ford. The following gentlemen have been ap- pointed as commissioners to aid with infor- mation and advice intending exhibitors at the Dublin International Exhibition of 1865, viz. :-Sir R. Barry (chairman), Hon. J. F. Sullivan, Professor M'Coy, Mr. C. E. Bright, Mr. W. W. Wardell, Dr. Mueller, Mr. A. R. C. Selwyn, Mr. R. B. Smyth, and Mr. J. G. Knight. A special meeting of the shareholders of the All-Nations Mining Company, Wood's Point, was held at the Rainbow Hotel, Swan- ston-street, yesterday afternoon. Mr. Thos. Cope occupied the chair. The meeting was called to hear the report of the deputation appointed at the last meeting to see Mr. Bencraft, on the subject of information, as to the financial position of the company. All that the deputation had to report, however, was that Mr. Bencraft said he was unable to give the information asked for, and declined, as only one of a board of directors, to receive the deputation. It was agreed at the meeting that a shareholder should he sent up to Wood's Point, to investigate the books, and report to a futuro meeting ; and a subscrip- tion was commenced in the room to defray the expenses. A numerously attended meeting was held in St. Philip's School, East Collingwood, on Thursday last, for the purpose of receiving the annual reports and accounts of the office- bearers of the church for the year 1864, from which it appeared that the Church Building Committee had received (inclusive of £390 13s. 6d., balance of last year,) subscriptions and donations amounting to £799 18s. 7d., and a grant from the bishop in council of £500, making a total of £1,299 18s. 7d. for the year. The expenditure of the same committee had been £1,625 13s, the difference being provided for by an overdraft on the bank. The Church Committee had also collected £271 17s. 6d" which had been expended and duly accounted for; but there was a liability of £26 6s. 10d. due to the clergyman for stipend, which the committee hoped the meeting would make up, towards which collections were announced to he made to-morrow, when the Rev. Robert Barlow would officiate. The committees were re-elected, and Messrs. Alexander and Try- thall were appointed auditors. Mr. Oaten, of Hoddle-street, was also elected a member of the committees ; and the meeting terminated with the usual vote of thanks to the office bearere, &c.; At least £200 is required before the church can be opened for Divine service. The Victoria and Riverina Pastoral Asso- ciation this morning despatched their first body of men and horses, to enter upon pos- session of their runs on the Paroo Rivers. They left by the early train for Echuca, via Sandhurst. Thence they proceed, per the Murray River steamer, to Mount Murchison, and they are under orders to make the journey as speedily as possible, and to take to their horses should there occur any inter- ruption to their aquatic journey. The appear- ance of these gentlemen elicited a good deal of approbation on the station, as they ap- peared to be formed in the very mould suited for the performance of such duties, as workinguta>,ua nuin-iu« overseers. A general meeting of members of the South Yarra Cricket Club was announced to be held at Morgan's Hotel last evening, but no formal business was transacted, the pro- ceedings being only of a conversational and desultory character. It is considered that a union of the South Yarra and Fawkner park Cricket Clubs would be beneficial to both; and, although no formal overtures have as yet been made, it is believed that an amalgamation will ere long be effected. It was to discuss this matter that the meet- ing was convened last evening, but as the subject was still in a premature condition, its consideration was postponed until a future evening. The chief cricketing event of to-day will be the match on the metropolitan ground, be ween the Melbourne and Richmond clubs. The Head quarters Band will play this afternoon, from five till seven o'clock, at the Fitzroy-gardens. The following is the pro- gramme:- Overture, "Oberon," Weber; quadrille, military, Kuhnar; selection from "The Camp at Grenada," Kreutzer; over- ture, "La Barcarole," Auber; valse, "Dream of the Ocean," Gung'l; selection from "The Bohemian Girl," Balfe; polka, "The Birth- day," Gung'l. By permission of Captain Kyle, the ship Pride of the Ocean, lying alongside the San- dridge Railway Pier, will be open for inspec- tion on Sunday next. At St. Andrew's Church Carlton, to-mor- row afternoon, the Rev. J. Campbell will preach a special sermon to the Sabbath scholars and their friends. The employes of the Victorian Railway stores department, Williamstown, have pre- sented to Mr. Robert Young, on the occasion of his retirement from the service, a very handsome inkstand as a testimonial of their esteem and friendship. At the weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, the superinttndent made the following return :-Number of inmates in the home, as reported last week, 173 ; admitted since, 81 ; persons who have received out- door relief, 144, or 39 families. Total re- lieved, 398. Discharged from the home during the week, 84. Total at present remaining, 170. Number stonebreaking, 4 ; oakum-picking, 4 ; horsehair- picking, 6. The committee beg to acknowledge the receipt of a hogshead of ale from Mr. T. Aitken,Vlotoria parade Brewery, sent for the inmates' Christ- mas dinner; also a donation of sixty loaves from the Aerated Bread Company, Bourke street west. The resident surgeon of the Lying-in Hos- pital reports as follows for the month ended 31st December, 1864:- Remaining in hospital at date, 33 ; admitted to hospital in the month, 45 ; new cases in the month, 120 ; out patients in the month, 221. The Committee of the Lying-in Hospital beg to acknowledge, with thanks, a donation of twelve handsome framed photographs from Mr. Daniel O'Neil, late of Batchelder and O'Neil. The collector of the Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution thankfully acknowledges the receipt of £5 from "A Squatter," and £2 from the Borough Council of Hawthorn, per Mr. J. Toon, in aid of the funds of the above institution. The treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital begs to acknowledge the following sums : Mayors and councils of the following boroughs-Emerald-hill, £21 ; Richmond, £20 ; Williamstown, £10 10s. ; East Collingwood, £10 ; and Hawthorn, £8. Donation from St. Stephen's, Richmond (per hand of Mr. G. M. Nicholls), £14 3s. 4d ; Rev. W. Wood, col- lection at Christ Church, Hawthorn, £14 14b. 4d.;Mr. Pool man, sugar works, penny weekly subscriptions (third instalment), £4 5s.; Robins Brothers' box, £2 4s. 6d. ; Mr. Alex. Bishop's box (second instalment), £2 13s. 7d. ; and A.O.F., Court " Star of the Forest," £1. At three o'clock on Thursday morning, the man on the morning watch at the Swan Spit Lighthouse was alarmed by the cries of a man in the water, who said he was capsized. A boat was at once lowered, and James Taylor succeeded in rescuing him from his very perilous position on the bottom of his boat before she sank. The man, named William Irvine, said he had started from Queenscliff about midnight, drunk, and had got his boat across the bows of a schooner at anchor, and as the tide was running very strong, the boat, sinking the cable, turned over, when, climb- ing on the bottom, he was drifted to the Swan Spit, a distance of two miles, before he was taken off. He states that a man was walking the deck of the schooner at the time, and was aware of his position, as, in answer to his call, he looked over the bow, and then walked aft, taking no futther notice-making no attempt to save him. Floral brilliancy, at least where Yan Yean is not dispensed in copious showers, is almost the last thing to be expected at this season ; but, tbanks to the skilful management at the Botanic-garden, notwithstanding the large and various demands on the labour of a few hands, the parterres are still gay with all the colours of Iris and forms of innume- rable variety. The large collection of summer flowers, common and uncommon in Euro- pean grounds, are looking a little withered in this harvest-time of gardens ; but still there is enough of bright colour and fresh foliage left to interest, not merely the botanist, but all lovers of flowers. The improved appliances for the irrigation of our beau- tiful public garden are giving the most satisfactory testimony of utility in the prolongation of the season of flowers, and thereby affording a useful lesson to all who love to cultivate a garden. What are called " florista' flowers"-pelargoniums, verbenas, heliotropes, and long- flowering fa- vourites of that kind-make a goodly show, as do many of the flowering shrubs. The conservatories are very attractive at present, from the brilliant display of gloxinias, achimenes, and some of the fairest tenants of the greenhouse and stove. In the largo conservatory no visitor can fail to notice several splendid specimens of some of the best varieties of fuchsias, and these are most noteworthy as examples of good train- ing into large and handsome standards. Persons thinking of planting should take note of the noble magnolia near the aviary, and also maik the rich effect, when it has some growth, of the bongmansia, with ita splendid bell-flowers of white. The following additional horses have been handicapped for the Barwon Free Handi- cap:-A. M'Donald'a Bellona, aged, 8st. 2lb. ; Wicking's Laurine, 6 yrs, 6st. 10lb.; and M'Master's Fairy, 6 yrs, 6st. 10lb. This closes the nominations for handicapping for this race. An inquest was held yesterday by Dr. Youl, upon the body of Margaret Butler, aged four years, daughter of Michael Butler, a boot- maker, of Lonsdale- street. About a week ago, the father of deceased observed that she walked lame, and on examination found a small scratch on her leg, whick she said had been caused by a fall from a hand-truck. The child becoming ill, was taken to the hospital, and on Thursday, as she did not improve, Mr. Gillbee, surgeon, was called in. The fol- lowing night she got much worse, and the doctor being sent for, she died before his arrival. In his evidence, Mr. Gillbee said that when he first saw the child, she was suffering great pain in the leg, which only exhibited a slight abrasion. She did not then appear very ill, and was able to stand. On making a post- mortem examina- tion, he found the brain, lungs, liver, and kidneys highly congested; there was acute pericarditis, and also acute inflammation of the intestines. On opening the place in the leg where the pain had existed, he found a large abscess in the muscles. It could not be detected by external examination. The inflammation of the internal organs was pro- duced by absorption of pus from the abscess. The jury found that deceased died from the effects of an accidental injury to the leg. At the last Collingwood Police Court yes- terday, a man named John Dobson, charged with indecency, was sent to gaol for fourteon days, with hard labour. William M'Andrew was charged with cutting and wounding one J. M'Gurke. The facts of this case were some- what peculiar. The prosecutor, who was a tenant of the accused, was suffering at the time of the alleged assault from an attack of delirium tremens, and made his appearance on the top of the verandah of his own house, crying out that "the devils were after him." An alarm was raised, and the accused went to fetch a constable. Pre- vious to his return the complainant, having dashed in a window with an axe, which he had with him, forced himself through it, and was severely, if not dangerously, cut on the leg by a portion of the splintered glass. When an entrance to the premises was effected, M'Gurke gave the accused into custody, on a charge of stabbing him. These facts having been stated, the Bench at once dismissed the case. Hemy Cullum, charged with refusing to maintain his illegitimate child, was ordered to pay 10s. weekly until the child was thirteen years of age, and to find sureties for the performance of the order-two in £15 each, and to enter into his own recognizances in £25. Catherine Bennett, charged with having used obscene language in a public place, was fined 40s., and 5s. costs ; or, in default, to undergo fourteen days' imprison- ment. The magistrates on the bench were the Hon. J. P. Fawkner, M.L.O,, and Messrs. Cope and Thomas. At the St. Kilda Police Court yesterday, before Messrs. Fraser, Cowderoy, Urquhart, and Wilson, Henry Moseley was, on the com- plaint of Patrick Scully, fined 5s. and 7s. 6d. costs, for using obscene and abusive language. The same complainant also preferred a charge against him for refusing to pay a cab- fare, and claimed 7s. 6d. The Bench awarded 6s. and 2s. 6d. costs. A summons against a female domestic servant, for misconduct in service, was postponed. A good many petty debt cases were disposed of. At the Williamstown Police Court yester- day, Captain Hounsell, of the ship Eurynome, appeared to answer a complaint made against him by Mr. James Macfarlane, immigration officer, at the instigation of seven of the steerage passengers, for a breach of the 73rd section of the Passengers Act, in not supply- ing them with proper provisions during the royage from Liverpool to this port. Mr. Read conducted the case. The complainants said that the preserved meat and potatoes served out to them were frequently so bad that they could not be used, and that during the greater part of the voyage only three quarts of water had been served out to each person per diem for drinking and cooking purposes. Another cause of complaint was, that there was not suf- ficient light and ventilation, and that such was the condition of the ship that the water came through the deck into the passengers' berths, so that they often had not a dry place to sleep in. The immigration officer said that the vessel had brought two cabin and thirty-two steerage passengers, and that she was badly fitted up, one hatchway and two funnels, each about nine inches in diameter, being the only means of admitting light and air to the 'tween decks. Mr. Call said it did not appear that the arrangements had been interfered with after leaving port ; and, under all the circumstances, he thought that justice would be met by awarding a small compensation. The decision of the Court was, that the defendant pay to each of the men two guineas, with £1 3s. 6d. costs. Martin Cantwell, a licensed publican, was fined 40s., and 2s. 6d. costs, for assaulting a police-constable on the night of the 2nd inst. It appeared that the officer had requested defendant to close his house, when the latter, who was in liquor, said he would not be interfered with by a policeman, and struck him. Messrs. Fogarty, Daly, and Co. obtained an order against John O'Brien for the pay- ment of £19 19s., and £2 costs, or in default six weeks' imprisonment. Several other cases were heard and disposed of, but they were all of minor importance. Messrs. Call and Mason occupied the bench. The reaping-machines entered to compete for the prizes offered by the Board of Agricul- ture were tested at Gisborne yesterday. The prize for the best and cheapest two-horse reaper was taken by Messrs. Hutchinson and Walker, of Kyneton ; and for the best and cheapest one-horse reaper, by Mr. G. Grant, of Melbourne. In the one class seven, and in the other four, machines competed. A correspondent writes :- " Now that so much money is being spent in encouraging new industries, &c;, Government might do a great deal of good if they would encourage by their example the cultivation of good fences. They have now a large extent of fencing along their railway lines -something over 400 miles ; the value of which, at say 7s. per rod, would be £112 per mile, or, in all, £44,800. This is a large amount of money to be invested in fencing, which is gradually decaying. Nine years is understood to be the time generally allowed for fences to stand good ; after that, they cost as much in repairs as if they were pulled down and re-erected. If we divide the total cost of the railway fences by nine, we see that the an- nual loss is about £5,000 ; and if the same amount were spent in hedges, what beautiful fences we should have. The cost at home for keeping hedges cleaned and trimmed is about 60s. per mile. Say that here it would cost double that amount-£5 per mile-our yearly loss on the present fencing is £12 per mile, thus leaving a large margin to cover the first expense in planting and rearing. If it would be a gain for Government to plant fences, it would be next to use- less to go over the advantages to the coun- try at large which would result. People would then see (what a great many now doubt) that it is possible to get live fences ; and there can be no doubt that in a few years we should see all over the country this new and most useful industry esta- blished. Some member of Parliament might put into practice these suggestions, by pro- posing a grant to fence at least part of the lines with hedges. By the Rangatira we have Brisbane papers to the 31st ult. They contain no intelligence of other than local interest. By the steamer Auckland, we are in receipt of Auckland advicee to the 21st ult., Wel- lington to the 26th, and Picton and Nelson to the 27th. The New Zealand Herald of the 20th ult. says:- "We accept with satisfaction the pro- clamation published in Saturday evening's Gazette, as giving something like an indi- cation of the future policy of the Governor, for, as an expression of the intentions of his mind we are told in the proclamation itself that it is to be received. In such light indeed only can it be taken. Legal force or effect as a proclamation it has none. It Is issued under no Act of the Legislature, nor under any law or authority. It is not a proclamation of confiscation made under the ' Settlements Act.' It is simply a declara- tion, as it imports to be, of the 'mind of the Governor.' " The same paper, of the 19th, ob- serves :-" The Intercolonial Royal Mail Com- pany intend, we learn, to put two steamers on the line between Melbourne and Auckland, the one to leave Melbourne on the 1st of the month, via the East Coast ; the other to leave Melbourne on the 15th, and come on direct to this port. It is intended that the boat leaving Melbourne on the 1st shall return to that port in time to catch the English mail, which leaves on the 26th." The Ballarat Star of yesterday states that an accident occurred on Thursday night to the late train from Melbourne to that town. By some means unexplained, a truck got off the line at the Buninyong Station, and the engine had to be brought on with only the Geelong portion of the train, which, we pre- sume, was in advance of the erring truck, and which was sufficient to accommodate all the passengers by the train. This instalment of the train arrived before midnight, and an engine was then despatched to bring up the missing portion, which it managed to do by half-past one in the morning. At the Inverleigh Petty Sessions, on Thurs- day, Mr. Abraham Falkner was charged, by Scab inspector Peevor, with having 700 un- licensed scabby sheep in his possession. A fine of £105, with costs, was inflicted by the Bench, Notice of appeal was given. The Constitution reports that Albury is in a state of great excitement at present, on account of the continued discoveries of gold in the neighbourhood. A large number of miners are on the ground, and extraordinary prices are asked for shares in claims, The Southern Cross announces that Mr. Whitaker, the head of the late New Zealand Ministry, had resigned his seat in the Auck- land Legislative Council. Mr. Stafford had also intimated his intention to retire shortly from public life. The natives of the East Coast were reported to be recruiting for the King party, with the intention of raising a force to have a general onslaught upon the European settlers after their crops had been gathered in. A magnificent meteor, appa- rently as large as the sun, had been seen in Nelson and other parts of New Zealand. A correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser furnishes the following account of the appear- ance of a bushranger on the Loddon : -" Con- siderable excitement was caused at the Dar- ham Ox on Wednesday morning last by the intelligence that Mr. Degraves's station, on the Loddon, had been stuck-up by an armed bushranger. It appears that on the previous evening, about four o'clock, a stout man, armed with a gun, walked into the manager's house at the head station, its only inmates at the time being a woman and the man cook. The intruder took immediate possession of a double-barrelled gun, and having ordered the inmates not to stir, proceeded to draw the shot from the gun, and substituted bullets, which he procured from his own pockets. He then proceeded to a writing-desk, which he broke open with a fire-shovel ; but not meeting with any reward, was further prosecuting his search when the arrival of Mr. Harrison, the superintendent, and his brother, compelled him to desist. He then retired in the direction of the Lod- don, taking with him the two guns, but minus his swag, which he left behind him. He was followed by the Messrs. Harrison ; but he kept them off by presenting the guns, one of which he laid down, the better to use the other. In this manner he reached the Loddon, which he crossed by means of a tree. Infor- mation was at once forwarded to the Serpen- tine and Durham Ox police stations, and soon after daylight the troopers stationed at those places, with assistance procured from Messrs. Argyle and Booth's station, and accompanied by the Messrs. Harrison, started in pursuit. The whole of Wednesday had been spent in unavailing search, but when the mail left it was still being kept up, and great hopes were entertained of the ultimate capture of the rascal. He stated that he was Lowry, and that he had escaped from Kilmore gaol ; but from the description given, he is supposed to be the man who murdered a woman at Daylesford a short time since. It is, perhaps, worthy of remark, that amongst the articles left behind by him was a compass, which would make it appear that he is not thoroughly acquainted with the district. A morning performance of the burlesque and pantomime at the Haymarket Theatre will be given this afternoon, commencing at two o'clock. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Lady Darling, Miss Darling, and the juvenile members of the family, paid a visit last evening to the Mechanics' Institute, to Mr. Birch's "Holiday Trip," which was spoken and sung with the customary success. There was a fair attendance on the oc- casion. 