ST. PAUL'S CHURCH: LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE .'i The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of St. Paul's Church; which had been looked for ward to-with considerable interest both by many y members and non-members of the Church, 'wasd,' according to:annhouncement, performed-on Wed-' nesday, by John King, Esq., of Nambrok. Extensive preparations had been made by the I committee ,to render. the event as interesting a possiblbe, which, combined .,with the novelty :of the spectacle, . attracted a large ,concouirse of spedtators, some two hun dred being prescant, many of whom had come from a distanco to witness' the proceediligs. These, promenading within the enclosure or conm-, versing in small .groups, ciaused the church grounids to 'resen' 'a very cheerful and pie. turesquo appearance. The day was one of the gliest we have had during rthe' season, an in tervening screen of'. light fleecy clouds consi-' eiderabhioningdown the heat of the midl.day sun, so that beyond a slight crash when the ceremoiy commenqed, little iniconvenience was, 'experieiced. The cdr?er.bofthe building where 'the stone was to be ilid was decorated by a large canopy of evergreens, from the midst of which, surmniunte! by awinre'lth of flowers, artistically arranged, hung 'suspesnded' the stone itself.: Shortly after, two ;o'elock, theu choir, headed by, the 'Archdcacon, issued from' the 'church, and aianging th'emselves round the stone, com-' menced the proceedings by 'singing the 14th Anthem, thle spectators standing uncovered, and those who chose taking part in the hymn. On the conclusion of the anthem, a short prayer •was offered up by the Archdeacon; after which he called upon Mlr. King to lay the foundation stone of the new buildling. The stone was then lowered into its place, and laid' by Mr. King in the usual inanner. • The following are the words; used by Mr. King on the occasion': -"In the faith of Jesus Christ we fix this stone on this foundation, in the. name of the Father, 'and of the Son,'andd of the Holy Ghost; that within these walls hereon to he raised, hearing the name of Siit. Peaul the Apostle, the triue faith of God may bp preiclied, and that this place may for ever 'be devoted 'to faithtul prayer and holy praise, to the hoionor and glory of our Lord Jesus Christ, who with the Father and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth, veci" one God, world without end, Amene." Under the stone was placed a bottle containing several of the coins of the realm, the last number. of tl?, jomrnal, also t n emblazoned scroll of vellum, whereon wi.a writcten the u?mes of the church coluuitten aind an acocout of the present ceremony, with the fullowing inscription, alt. illuminated on vellum : Ad glorlnamsempieeramss S. S. et 'intviduar Triaitatis et en honoreina Sa?iti Paull 'Apoetoli' h' juos Ilea'e " lapilem angulareni pospit 'John' King de Namnbrok; arm., ; viii die Noveinbris, . iccoxv. :. On the conclusion .of thie ceremony short addresses.wero delivered, byithe Archdeacon act] Slr, King ; but as they were of a, similar nature fo those subsequently delivered in the evening, we deem it unnecessary to publish themr here. On the termination of the addresses, the 84th Psalm was sung by the choir, and a portion of the 2nd chapter of Ephesians read by the Ach-i disacon. Three Ihearty cheers, given for the Archdeacon and Mdr King, brought the proceed ings to a close. Tihe timie occupied in the per formoance of the ceremony was a little over an hour,'nd from the attention dioplayed, all pree sent appeared to be highly interested through. out. 