LYCEUM THEATRE. A drama, new to the Bendigo public, entitled " The Hidden Hand," was presented at the Lyceum last evening before au excellent house. The play bills state it was written expressly for Miss Cleve land, it certainly gives opportunity for the display of the strong points of her acting. These are, the natural expression of deep and tender love, of intense hate, and of fearful horror. The drama is of the mysterious kind, and the plot is admirably ar ranged for sustaining the interest until the denouement, when love and truth triumph, and hatred and evil are overthrown Lady Penarvon (Miss Cleveland) in her love for her daughter Muriel (Miss Allen), who is suffering from poison administered by a mysterious hand, was tenderness itself, her horror at being suspected by her husband as the poisoner, was terrible to look at and fairly electrified the audience. Mr Vincent ably repre sented the doubting yet loving husbaud. Miss A. XI. Quinn as Enid, daughter of Lord Penanon, acted in a most pleasing ladylike style. Lady Gnffyd (Mrs dearie), a proud, revengeful, and deceitful woman, hates Muriel because she loves and is beloved by Cuerlcon, a young nobleman whom Lady Grijfyd in tended should marry her grand-daughter. Enid, (Miss Allen), was not a character well adapted for h r. Some portions wfre possibly well played hut there was a tameness of action and speeeh not consistent with the character. The effect when she is supposed to be suffering from paralysis, and is pushed by her h.ttendants on to the stage in a chair with stiff wheels, wai simply ridiculous, and evoked much lau-hter ; while her sudden death, before she could have swallowed the poison, was unnatural Master Cuerlcon (Mr Collier), though fairly repre sented, might have been more animated both in action and speech Madoc Evch (XIr Con Warde), a shepherd on Lord Penarvon's estate, and an accom plice of L'tdy Grijfyd in her crime, might have been taken for the ghost of Hamlet's father in disguise from the tone of voice-the dress might have done for Cailban. Sir Caradoc (Mr Morrison), at first a professor of a non-emotional theory, but at last scat tering his theory to the winds by falling deeply in love with Enid, his cousin, was a gentlemanly and amusing light comedy representation. The drama on the whole was well played, and Miss Cleveland, XIr Vincent, and Miss Quinn received calls before the curtain. The afterpiece, entitled "The Lady and the Devil," a delightful and hu more us morceau, afforded s-ope for the abilities of Miss Cleveland and XIr Vincent in comedy. I hey succeeded in keeping the house iu roars of laughter. To-night-a gr ind fashionable night-the drama of " The Hidden Hand " will be repeated. 