LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. The present has been an eventful week for min ing matters in Avoca. The long- talked of ' Levia than ' Company has been brought to a head, and although it is strange why so promising a mining undertaking should have buna: about so lonir. wp are glad to announce the satisfactory conclusion of all the essential preliminaries. The title has beeii changed to ' The New Holland Gold Mining Com pany,' in compliment, we presume, to Mr Holland, whose paddock and pretty homestead have been bought by the new proprietary. The purchase of the splendid plant lately belonging to the company known as the Deep Lead, or Clunes Company, has been completed, and in a few days all will be ready for the ' New Holland ' ground. The capital has been increased', and such a determination has been evinced to have this long-talked of plan fully de veloped, that there will be a busy winter on the Deep Lead. ? The works of the Association still improve, the yields from the drives being extremely good. Yesterday's washing alone was 17 ozs. The confidence felt in Avoca as to these shares haa been fully justified. ? The Golden Lake Company, Homcbush, are progressing favorably with the erec tion of their machinery ; but we regret to know the Star Company have again been hiudered in their work. ? Leases are applied for to work the 8!au-*h- tPrVnr/1 R oof at ^AnnamliJ ? «n#l I)~.ll ? I. ? P with well-grounded anticipations. The tide of mining enterprise is setting towards the Pyrenees for certain, and it will bring its beneficial results in good time. An apparently startling phenomenon occurred in Avoca on Wednesday morning last, About eight o clock, a tandem appeared trotting up High-stieet in good order; the leaders traces tight; and both horses going very straight, drawing only a pair of wheels. It appeared as if they were pulling a ghost v. » w«vu, win. a pnamorn driver ; and when the horses turned into the stable- yard of the Avoca Hotel, and pulled up quietly, great was the wonder what it could all mean. Inquiry was soon satisfied however^ by the discovery that the morning mail-coach from Maryborough had come to grief about a mile and a-half from Avoca— the king-bolt having broken, and the 'fore-carriage' thereby parted from the body of the coach. Mr Smith, who was driving, and who is well known as a care ful and punctual cliaristeer, was thrown from his seat, and. sustained some bruises and scratches about the face. The coach was upset, but happily the passengers— three in number— sustained no in jury. No blame whatever is attributable to any body, this being one of the accidents that all the foiesight of the energetic, firm now representing Cobb and Co could notprercnt. ? The business at the Avoca Police Court during the week was not of any interest, the only case heard being one of assault, in which the defendant was bound over to keep the peace. of A4U. . ?''= ' 1 ,q, ieavin^ a balance of SWWS £ bt9dpaldS to the funds °f Tne wi 2s of the inhabitants ofAvoca and neigh bo hood to have the agricultural areas openrf fij wmim, ^KdS5.^S'.. ^ Lexton Police Court, before J. W. Pohlman, Esq., Patrick Hayes was bought up on remand, for assault, w.th intent ^o commit a rape on a married moman named Eliza beth Peebles. Some further evidence having been Kone into, the prisoner was committed to take hi trial at Talbot General Sessions, qn the 7th June. On Tuesday afternoon next, the Presbyterians of Avoca meet at the Scotch Church, for the pur pose of witnessing the induction of the Rey V. Gal loway, into the charge of the Avoca district. We believe the officiating clergymen will be the Rev Mr Battersby, of Maryborough, and the Rev H. H. Finiay, of Dunolly. A special service at Redbank, in connection with the Wesleyan body, will be held on Sunday, (to morrow.) Tbp tea meeting for the combined praiseworthy objects of aiding the payment of the circuit debt will take place at Redbank on Monday evening, and there is no doubt will be well attended. A lecture on poetry and music will be given by special request at the school house, Amphitheatre, on Tuesday evening, the 6th instant, by Mr J. Cooke of Avoca, for the benefit of the Amphithea tre common school fund. The illustrations will, as we understand, be kindly undertaken by Avoca amateurs, assisted by Professor Cranz. We believe that, should the weather prove fine, there will be a large attendance in support of the good cause. We have to apologize to our readers for the small amount or reading matter in to-day's issue, attributable to the number of advertisements rela tive to the 20 acre allotments under the amending land act, the greater part of which came in at a late hour. We renrct, also, lo be compelled to omit the letter of our Moonambel correspondent for the same reason. 