NEW SOUTH WALES. -\l t MAN DROWNED AT FARM COVE. - James Saunderson, a marine of H.M.S. Brisk, was accidentally drowned near the jetty, between Farm Cove and Port Macquarie, on Sunday night. He went on shore about 2 o'clock on Sunday afternoon, and returned with others to the jetty for the purpose of going on board the vessel at about 9 p.m. Saunderson sat down on the jetty near the water, and perhaps fell asleep, while the sergeant, who was one of the com- pany, went to the fort to get a boat. Having got a boat, the sergeant called out to deceased, "Jim, here's a boat," whereupon the poor fel- low was seen to get up and walk over the end of the jetty into the water. Ho does not appear to have been able to swim, and his ship- mates could not rescue him. The distance between the top of the pier and the water was about two feet. Deceased struggled for a few minutes before he finally disappeared. Boats wore obtained from H.M.S. Curacoa and Eclipse, and the body was recovered at about half-past 9 o'clock. Yesterday the City Coroner held an inquest on board teo Brisk respecting the death of deceased. It was stated that Saunderson had been in the ship about fourtceen months, and that he was a well conducted and sober man. Verdict: " Deceased came by his death by drowning." The jury added the fol- lowing recommendation to their verdict, and they visited the place to which it refers: "We recommend that iron stanchions and a chain should at once be put round the outer part of the pier, and a light be kept burning thore all night."- S. M. Herald, October 24. Oarangara Copper Mines. ? Saturday's Western Examiner gives somo extracts from tho roport of Mr. T. G. Lane, to tho shareholders of tho Now Carangorn Mining Company. Ho says i?" Sinco my report of tho 26th May last, Wells' shaft has boon sunk a dopth of sovon fathoms, at a distance of twenty-three fathoms east of Sturt'* shaft; a cross-cut has also beon driven to tho lodo, which is worth £8 per fathom for ore, and Ibo ground £2 10s. por fathom for driving. Shirt's lodo is worth about £15 por fathom for oro j ground workod at from £1 to £2 por fathom. Youlo's lodo is worth £12 per fathom for oro, and tho ground workod, in stopping, £1 per fathom. A lock has been put on tho adit until the value of tho lodo, contain- ing Youle's bau- powder, is more fully ascer- tained. From tho open cutting on tho hill, north of tho adit lovel, in romoving about 45 fathoms of ground, about 60 tons of good oro havo boon obtainod. It hiu been worked for tho lust two months at 8s. in tho pound. Wo aro now sinking a shaft in tho bottom of this cut- ting, in which thcro is a rich lodo of oro, from 18 inches to 2£ foot thick, conluiniug rod oxido, groy, and bell-metal ores. Thoro aro also various lodeB in tho sot, which appear just us good os those on which wo havo workod, but require capital to develop thom." Tho groat feature (adds tho Examiner) of Curangara, of late, hos boon tho black oxide It was, wo bo liovo, in contemplation to soil it at 10s. a lb. ; but, so far as wo eon learn, thnt determina- tion hos boon altered, and tho oxido con bo had at 20s. por lb. Bush Fibes.?This is, wo might almost say, an unprecedentedly unusual season of tho year in which to bo ohio to report bush fires, yet for tho last fow weeks Bovcral have ocourrod in dif- ferent directions round Yass. Ono of groat in- tensity and magnitude hus completely consumed tho hcrbago and brushwood on an extensive tract, at tho Gap, on tho Goulbnrn-road. It conlinuod burning for sovcral days?in fact wo doubt if it bo yet completely extinguished.? Goulburn Argus, Octobor 21. The Weatueb and tue Crops.?Contrary to tho hopes of all and tho expectations of num- bers, tho now moon carno in yesterday morning with a cloudless, bright, starry Bky, promising only a continuance of tho drought. Tho atina [ sphere during tho day was very warm, and thoro was not tho remotest appoarunco of a chango for tho bettor. Wo aro told by persons who havo recently travelled from Sydnoy to Yass, that tho grass around boro presents a fresher appeuraneo than it doos below Goulburn. On tho other side of Berrima thoro iB scurcoly a r blado of hcrbago to bo soon, and tho crops ||look vory Bickly. Tho carly sown wheat iB in almost overy placo doomod to bo n failuro, but thoro is still hopo that that later sown may bo saved, should rain fall in any quantity boforo tho full of the moon. Owing to tho senroity of grass along tho roads, a steady demand for oaten hay has Bprung up, but thoro havo rocontly been no arrivals of it in town. Tho prico ottering is very favorable for tho farmors.?Yass Courier. Mdbdeb or a. Shepherd at Reedy Creek. ?Tho Gundagai Eerald of tho 21st instant says :?It wob rumoured in town, on Sunday last, that an old shepherd in tho employ of Mr. Jeremiah Lohano, of Reedy Creek, was found dead in a waterhole noar his hut, with overy appearance of having met his death by foul means. Mr. A. 0. S. Rose, P.M., proccedod to Bogolong, and held a magisterial inquiry, on Monday, which resulted in a hutkeopcr, named John Hoare, being committed for trial for wilful murder. Tho evidence, although purely cir- cumstantial, clearly pointB to Hoare as tho murderer. It is as follows:?Joseph Chapman, swoin, said: lama polico constablo stationed at Jugiong. On Sunday morning last, between il nnd 10 o'clock in tho morning, I received in- formation from Mr. Jeremiah Lohano, of Reedy Crook, that ho suspected that a man in his employment had boen modo away with ; ho said that ho wob missing sinco tho Tuesday boforo ; ho requested mo to accompany him to tho placo whero tho man lived, but I was obliged nt that timo to go in another direction ; whon I re- turned, that is about 6 o'clock tho samo ovon ing, I wont to the placo mentioned by Mr. Lohano; from information I had received re- specting the sudden disappearance of Nathaniel Gorth, tho man mentioned to mo by Mr. Lohanc, I directed a constablo who was with mo lo tuko tho prisoner John Hoaro into custody, onsuspicionofhavinginurdoredhim. The missing mun had boon found dead in a waterhole tho sumo day, beforo I arrived; I saw tho dead man there, and I identify tho body shown me ns tho snmo ; it was getting diiBk when I first saw tho body, and I did not notico any marks on tho faco j but I afterwards examined thofaco more particularly, and found a bruise undor tho right oyo j it looked Uko a bruiso inflicted by a man's fist; tho deceased uppcarcd about 72 years of age.?Thomas Johnstone sworn, said : I am a shepherd, and havo for tho last fivo or six weeks been living on a run of Mr. Lolmno's, near Reedy Creek j tho prisoner was nko a shephord thoro, and tho deceased was watch- man ; I knew him by tho iiumo of " Nat j" tho thrco of us occupied tho samo hut; tho do ccasod was 72 years of ago, and wns infirm, but never heard him complain of any sickness; hist Tuesday morning, as I was going out with my sheep, the deceased curoo up aud showed mo his right oyo, which was bruised; ho said tho pri- soner had struck lum ; I told him to go and tell Mr. Lohano that I had lost some sheep ; I then took my Bhoep away, and did not return till sundown j whon I carno up to the hut I found it closed, and no ono thoro; I went in, and presently tho prisoner came in; I asked him whothor tho deceased had boen to Mr. Lehano's to roport tho lost sheep; ho said docoased had told him I had said nothing about lost sheep; I suspected some- thing was wrong j but to bovo myself from harm, I Baid nothing j tho prisonor said, " I suppose ho has got his cheque, and is spending it j tho prisoner was moro jovial and freor that night than ho was othor nights ; tho decoasod did not return that night, nor tho noxt day; tho prisonor romarkod that his ghost would bo haunting us; ho said on Tuesday night, " I had tho ?--down and would havo killed him only tho knifo wasn't sharp enough ;" I havo repeatedly hoard tho prisonor say to tho do ceasod, " You old--, I'll kill you;" on Thursday morning tho prisoner called mo towards tho crook nnd pointed to a hat lying on tho ground, and said, " Thoro's tho ?? hat, he's gone and drowned himsolf to bring mo into trouble, bocauso Lohano hos a down on mo ;" on tho morning boforo, both tho prisonor and mysolf had gone over tho gronnd where ho showed mo tho hat lying, and no hat was thoro or I must havo seen it; on tho TuoBdoy morn- ing when tho tloecaBod carno up and showod mo his eye whero tho prisoner had struck him, ho bogged mo not to go away, for he said tho prisonor would bo suro to kill him that doy ; I told him not to bo.afraid ; ho was at my yard' just abovo tho water hole whero the body was found ; tho priBonor wus coming down towards this yard; I was , soon out of eight with my sheep,- and I novor saw tho deceased olivo ofter.?Michool Corby, sworn, said : I rcBido nt tho Choin of Ponds, and am a sawyor; on Friday last, I rocoived in- formation that a man in Mr. Lehano's employ at Nanny Burns' Crook had boon missing for somo days j I wont lo Mr. Lohano's and reported it; ' on tho following day, I wont to tho placo whero tho missing man had boon living, for tho purposo of searching somo waterholes there for tho body ; I took n steel yard with mo to servo as a grappling hook; I wont to a bolo about 300 yards from the hut, on tho bank of which bolo an old cabbogo-troo hat was lying, which I rocognisod as tho hat usually worn by tho missing man ; I throw in tho Bteol yard attached to a rope, and prcsontly brought up o dead body, which I rccognisod as that of tho missing man, whom I had known for about twolvo months; tho dead man was lying on his back, with his hands clonchod and his arms drawn up towards his shouldors; tho hook of tho steel yard had fiiBtoncd into the loft kneo of tho troiiBei'B ; ono of his oyeB was blackonod; I did not oxainino his body ; ho hod his clothes on, ond could not bo Beon until dragged up by tho hooks ; ho was bctweon seventy and oighty years of ago; I brought tho body to tho Fivo milo Crock; tho bolo in which I found tho body, is from thirty to fifty yards from tho Bhoep yard, and tho watch box j it is about fifteen yards long, fivo yards wido, and in tho Bpot whore I found tho body it iB about three feet six inches deep : a green wattle bush hangs ovor tho spot whoro I found tho body ; at tho end of tho wotor-holo nearest tho yards tho approach iB quito easy ; tho body was six or seven yards from tho ond ; tho water is quito stagnant; over tho spot wliero tho body lay, tho bank is somowhat stoop on each sido; on tho sido nearest tho yards tho bank is broken, and thoro is a level placo jiiBt going into tho wator; tho upper part of this bank has tho marks, as I beliovo, of human feet upon it, but tho lovel of which I havo spoken has no marks of footsteps; if tho decoasod had gone down this brokon bank, I fool suro that ho would havo markod with his feet the lovel placo whioh is moist; tho wator at the ond nearest to tho yards is quito shallow; I don't boo how a man's body could havo floated down a Btagnant wotor holo from tho shallow ond to tho doopor; tho hot of tho deceased whon I went to tho water- hole was lying about twenty yards from it. ?William Lyons sworn, deposed : I am a logally qualified modioal practitioner, of Now South Walos; I havo mado a post mortem examination of tho body now lying ot thia houso j I bovo oxominod tho trachea and tho bronchi; Ibero is no frothy matter or mucus in thom; on oponing tho cavity of tho chest I found that both lungs fully occupiod it; on romoving thom tho posterior lobes woro found to bo vory much congested j on pressure, thoy crepitated healthily, and a quantity of frothy mucus was forced out of thom; tho cavities of tho heart wero vory firmly contracted ; tho stomach containod a quantity of wator ; tho other viscora presented a normal appearance; externally tho akin prosontod a shrivollcd up appearance j thoro wero no contusions of tho body excopt au ecchymosis of the right, oyo; tho appearances aro quito compntiblo with death by drowning; tho appearances of tho lungs and stomach lead mo to boliovo that lifo was not extinct whon tho body was submerged; the viscera was not decomposed ; thoro aro no ex- ternal marks of violonco which of themselves would account for death. Tho prisonor was committed to toko his trial at tho Circuit Court, at Goulburn, nt such timo aa tho Attornoy Gcn oral may appoint, for tho " wilful murdor " of Nathaniel Gorth. Tho prisonor is a young man barely 21 years of ago. 