TRUE DRAMA. WE congratulate the citizens of Brisbane on the good taste they displayed last night, in filling so closely Mason's Hull, to hear the unequalled triigody- Shnksporo's "Hamlet." "We congratu- late the actors in entering, more than ordinarily, upon the meaning of the author. The occasion was the benefit of Mr. Richard Younge and the patrons present were the hon, the President of the Legislative Council; the hon. the Speaker of the Assembly ; the Provincial Grand Master and Members of the Grand Lodge, and the Worshipful the Master and Brethren of the three Constitutions of Free Masons. There was a good attendance of members of both Houses of Parliament. The earliest edition of Hamlet extant is that of 1863, and the only copy of it is in the library of the Duke of Devonshire. Its title runs thus : " The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark, by William Shakspere ยก as it hath been divers times acted by his Highness' servants in the City of London, as also in the two Universities of Cambridge and Oxford and elsewhere" Hence it appears always, as now, to have been a favorite with playgoers. And no wonder. Is it not familiar to all by the ghost scene, the Grave diggers and Hamlet's soliloquy, the parts that appear in all " Speakers" and Renders ?" What lad has not cope with Ophelia ? What boy has not felt Hamlet to be cruel ? Who knows any more than old Polonaise himself, whether Hamlet's mad- ness be true or assumed ? And why did not Hamlet kill the king of Denmark earlier P And what shall those happy-go-easy novelists, who invariably bring the naughty to grief and put the virtuous in clover, what can they and their admirers make of the unhappy fate that befalls good and bad alike in this marvellous play. The play is indeed a study for a lifetime, 'LO actors we would repeat the advice of the first publishers of Shaksporo-"Hoad, read, and read again, and if you do not then like him, you are in danger not to understand Shnkspore." We think Mr. Richard Younge lins imbibed very much of Shakspere's meaning in his Sam- let, and that is high praise. His intonation was much better than we have yet heard, and some passages indeed were unexceptionable, while most were well rendered j but a few were not distinctly heard by the audience. This last defect however may be due to the imperfect acoustic proportions of the room, but we are not quite sure. Certainly the exquisite delivery of Miss Lockhart in the lovely character of Ophelia, her able appreciation of Shakspere's intent, and the charming manner in which she embodied his conception and presented it to the audience, won our entire sympathy. Miss Arnot, as Gertrude was very effective, but we thought a few more readings of the play, and a little more study would- and we whisper it gently make her much more so. There are the makings of more than an ordinary actress about Miss Arnot, else we would not notice this, or venture advice. Mr. Harry Jackson as the First Gravedigger was, we think, somewhat under the mark that is, if it be true that there should be humor rather- than buf Economy in that character of Shakspere's. The Second Gravedigger was passable, and was played by Mr. Welsh. Mr. Joyce acquitted himself well as the Ghost. Polonius (by Mr. Jackson had the defect indicated in his Grave digger. We commend Mr. Walsh on his improved delivery, and for the passage on Hecuba. The other characters show that our actors are improving. Consequently the audience were well pleased, and testified their approbation by hearty applause and a call for Mr. Richard Younge at the close of the play. Mr. Young then came forward and read the following address : " Ladies and gentlemen, I could put my heart into my tongue, and crowd, in one word, the emotions I feel, it would relieve me of much embarrassment, and you of the task of listening to an inadequate expression of heart-felt thanks. Yet, I should be wanting in common courtesy if I did not inflict my tediousness upon you,' and tender you my warmest thanks for the great patronage with which I have been honored, and the brilliant attendance here this evening. " Two strong inducements hero hold out to me, Indies and gentlemen, to leave my business, and resume the seek and buckskin for a few nights. The first the opportunity afforded me of acting with Miss Lockhart, with whom I have been professionally associated in the sister colonies for some time, a lady whose education and talents have been ardently and industriously devoted to that profession of which she is, con- fessedly, an ornament. And, secondly, that we might conjointly have the honor of being the first to present, though in a primitive manner, some of the works of our immortal hard of Avon, in the colony of Queensland. What we owe Shakspere, who can measure ? What we have learned from him, who can estimate ? What the world would have done without him, who can conjecture ? That vigorous and manly, yet delicate and graceful tone of thought and sentiment, which is an honorable characteristic of all literature, his masculine avro and godlike mind impressed upon it. " Our household talk, our familiar proverbs, our national idioms, the maxims of our daily conduct, the scope and texture of our thoughts, derive themselves unconsciously from him. For all conditions of men, at all periods of our exist once, and in every grade and circumstance of life he supplies us with a language, suggests motives of action, furnishes animating counsel, and inculcates the lesson of a livrge-minded, liberal, far-seeing, and enlightened philosophy. Hear him debate of commonwealth affairs, You would say, they have been all in all his stud; List 1915 discourses of war, and you will bear A fearful battle rendered In miiBio. Turn him to any cause of policy The Gordian knot or It he will unloose; Familiar as his carter, that when he speaks Tllonlrn chartered libertine Is Bill, And the m to wonder Turkeith In men's ears, To catch his sweet and honeyed sentences. " Amid the dangers and excitement of war a Marlborough turns to the pages of our English poet for solace and inspiration. In the fire and vehemence of political debate a Chatham and Canning have electrified a listening senate by a profound and frequent sentence from one of his wonderful dramas, and in the gloom and solitude of a dungeon a Kojsuth found inexhaustible consolation, a new power of expression, and a boundless realm of wonder and delight opened to him by the study of the writings of our great countryman. Half the globe divides us from the haunts which are hallowed by association with the poet, but the spell of his name is as powerful here as there the witchery of his genius is as great in either hemisphere and the sweet sorcery of the bone Recent magician is as powerful beneath this roof as beneath that of any theatre at the Antipodes. " I fear I have detained you too long. I again thank you most sincerely for your attend dance this evening, and beg to state that if at any time, either by giving Shaksperian readings, or an occasional appearance on the stage, I can supplement the funds of any of the charitable institutions of this city, it will afford me the most lively pleasure by those means to evince my grateful sense of past and present favors. And now, ladies and gentlemen, again I tender you my best thanks, and most respectfully wish you good night." Again repeating his thanks to the audience, and testifying to his willingness to come forward on a like occasion, and especially in future when a performance was proposed for any charitable object, Mr. Young made his bow and retired amid hearty plaudits. We feel sure that Mr. Young, would have been pleased, if the audience had backed his well-deserved commendation of Miss Lockhart by a call for Ophelia. The after-piece was " A Cottage to Let," of which we need say nothing, as our comments on former occasions will suffice for that. 