MISCELLANIES. A GOSSIP ABOUT AN OLD GARDEN. (Written expressly for the Sydney Morning Herald.) BY PETER 'POSSUM. ALMOST all gardens have a measure of beauty. Even the London lodging-house garden, in which clothes are hung out to dry on black and knotted lines fastened to rotten posts thickly buttoned at the base with rust-hued funguses, and mangy mats are beaten on the mangy grass-plats, still tells of the cycle of the seasons in its poor, pathetic way. The snowdrop and the yellow and the purple crocus raise their diminished heads above its dusky snow. In spring the crooked old apple-tree is spotted with a patch or two of feeble pink and white, and the black twigs of the broom-like lilac-trees and the bony branches of the straggling gooseberry bushes are sprinkled with promises of leaves that for a few days refresh the eye with "virgin green." As the year rolls on, the half-starved jungle of weeds that has taken possession of the boxless beds, and overrun the brown green slimy paths that once--perhaps half a century ago --were glowing gravel, is dimly starred with a few lingering flowers, over which a yellow winged butterfly flutters about once a month, and on which, peradven- ture, even a lady-bird may be found. Very wisely, however, she very soon obeys her astonished finder's injunction to "fly away home." In autumn, the poor, careworn, transparently crafty old soul who keeps the house, and, in spite of her pitiful, piteous mouse- like nibblings, finds it hard work to make the house keep her, puts on her "garden gloves" with an air of importance, and goes out to gather the half- apronful of sour, maggoty marbles she calls her "apple-crop" and to pick her nasturtium seeds. Not only because they cost her nothing, will she relish the pudding made from those queer codlins, and the sauce manufactured for her stolen mutton from those shrivelled seeds, better than the best apples she could have bought from the costermonger, and the biggest pennyworth of capers she could have got from the chandler's round the corner. In her dim way, the wizened old woman will feel the pleasure which, in one way or another, we all of us derive from taking gifts direct from the hand of the Great Mother. On autumn Sundays again, when her "slavey" and her lodgers are all out and the sun is shining warmly, and the church-bells are ringing peacefully for evening prayer \--in her rare oasis of rest, in which there are no servants to scold, no beds to make, no boots to clean, no meals to get ready, no bells to "answer"--the poor old body will walk in her garden, in her faded black silk, beneath the slowly falling leaves; and as they drop around her, a little gush of sentiment will well up even in her dusty old heart. Her thoughts will go far back to days "lang syne" when none of her hopes had fallen withered, but life lay in blight bud and blossom before her, and she little thought a time would ever come in which she would clandestinely carve young couples' joints and larcenously tithe the tea and sugar of too confiding clerks. Naturam expellas furca, tamen usque recurret. Nature will assert her influence, will whisper hope and inspire sadness not unmixed with sweetness, even in a garden "cultivated" with a London lodging- house dust-shovel. Almost all gardens, I repeat, have a measure of beauty; but I miss sadly now- a-days the spacious secluded gardens, homely yet luxuriantly stocked, well- cultured yet half wild, which I remem- ber, or seem to remember, in my younger days. Most modern gardens--middle-class gardens, I mean-- appear to me too small, too open, too primly pretty-- especially too open. It has a selfish sound, but I cannot enjoy thoroughly a garden into which anyone can see. Gardens overlooked by a score or two of neighbours, gardens only separated from the high road by a dwarf wall, or low park paling, or a rustic fence gaping diamonds of vacancy veiled with no verdure, lose more than half their charm for me. The garden that fits my fancy is the garden enclosed, like a spring shut up, a fountain sealed, of the Canticles; and such gardens, it strikes me, were far more common in old-fashioned times than they are now. In my youth, when I was a feeble little man, too fragile for the playground, hare-and-hounds, nutting, or birdsnesting, a kind-hearted old kitchen gardener allowed me to spend many an hour in the Abbey Gardens of our old ruin-dotted town. I would give much to be able to walk in such a garden now. I do not know how big the Abbey Gardens really were, but they spread in my memory in acres upon acres. Ranged round the gardens were old church buildings converted into barns and granaries, cart-lodges and stables. All that remained of the abbey was the gate-house, which the kind old fellow who rented the gardens used for a tool-house and what, I think, he called a "podden shed." It was roofed in with modem red tiles that looked as strange above its quaint old architecture as a Welsh wig would have look on the head of the last abbot. The garden walls, of grey stone striped with ripe Roman brick, were high, mossy, lichened, and supported by massive buttresses, gay with wall-flowers, and waving with long grass that would have made a respectable little hay-crop. The old kitchen gardener did business in the pleasant sleepy wav, which has gone out now that railway trains can rattle up to Covent Garden the produce of country gardens hundreds of miles away. There was never any hustle in his gardens. The few men em- ployed pruned and pulled, and dug and trenched, and hoed and raked, and wheeled their barrows as if they thought that life was long and art was short, and, therefore, they had better not hurry, lest they should have no work left to do. I did not often fall in with them. When I did meet them, sometimes they spoke to me, but oftener they didn't-- contenting themselves with just such another heavy gaze of tranquil indifference as the old man's cows, still munching their sweet hay, gave me, when I peeped into the low whitewashed cowhouse plastered on to the lofty grey gate-house. A delicious atmosphere of "drowsyhead" blooded everywhere within the abbey garden walls. Part of the gardens I had entirely to myself. It seemed scarcely to have been touched since the monks were turned out of their pleasant lounging place. I used to pity the monks, and scandalised my ultra Protestant schoolmaster, by flatly denying, whilst reading Pinnock's Goldsmith's History of England in class, Henry the Eighth's right to sup- press the monastries. In the centre of this private domain of mine, there was a mount, clothed in shaggy grass, which had almost obliterated the spiral path which once wound round the little hill. Its crown overtopped the old grey walls, and, therefore, I did not often care to mount so high, since the chief of so many delights of my garden was not to be able to see the outside world, and to be screened from every outside eye; but it was delicious to look on the warm grass of the mound's side on a calm, cloudless day in early October, and see the silky thistle down float by--first flecking the blue sky with the tiniest of clouds, and then melting like a snowflake in the sea into the pensive azure --and hear the dry grass faintly rustle, and the robin twitter on branches slowly, silently, raining their leaves of russet and gold. At the foot of the mound was as much as remained of a lawn. It was long since the sharp swish of a scythe had passed over it. The grass was rank, and red with sorrel. On the very verge of what was left of the lawn--once its centre--stood a cracked and slug- slimed pillar all awry. That was the clock-stand of Brother Ignatius, for round the half-rimmed flat stone on the top ran a mossed and mouldered inscription, of which I could make out this much: NON S NE L MIN . Non Sine Lumine was the inscription at the bottom of the sundial on the bulging gable of our old Moot Hall, and I first became conscious of the "utility of clasical studies" when I was able to make out the meaning; and very proud I felt when I informed an intensely-admiring but scarcely intelligently appreciative little sister that I knew what declension, gender, number, and case lumine was, and why it was in the ablative. Still prouder did I feel when by acutely ingenious conjectural criticism I was enabled to fill up the hiatus valde deflendus of the Abbey Gardens' inscription. The half-lawn was fringed on one side by what in monkish times had been a "pleached alley." In my time it was a weedy path, with a few rotten stumps like decayed teeth sticking up on each side. Nevertheless, it was holy ground--haunted, at any rate. It was known as the Abbot's Walk. Along it, the legend ran, the ghost of the last abbot walked--unlike other ghosts, at noon. At that hour, said tradition, the abbot took his last stroll in the flesh along his favourite path in the abbey gardens, ere he bade farewell to them for ever, at the head of a long file of sobbing shavelings. At the first stroke of noon on the bell of St. Giles' clock, just outside the gardens, the spectral abbot, a good many people believed, made his appearance at the further end of the walk, and, as the slowly following strokes clanged out and died away, swept swiftly but unhurryingly along, disappearing when the last hum was hushed in the belfry. I never saw the spectral abbot so appear, but an eerie feeling always came over me when I chanced to find myself near his walk at noon , and one still day, when not a leaf wagged in any other part of the garden, the grass in the Abbot's Walk waved, when St. Giles's clock struck twelve, as if agitated by the wind of a passing robe. A ripple ran along the grass, and when the clock again was silent, the rustling ceased. At the farther end of the lawn was a clump of yews and junipers that had once been cut into peacocks, lions, and angels, but which when I knew them were a thicket of sombre verdure, wild and distorted as a nightmare vision. Behind the yews was the maze, in which I could only make-believe to lose myself, since there were great gaps in the dividing hedges; and beyond the maze gurgled St. Mary's Well. The abbey was dedicated to St. John, but he had proved powerless to aid the monks in a dire time of drought. Accordingly they had prayed to the Virgin Mother, and in answer to their prayers she had appeared, and, striking the bare, baked earth with her hand, had called forth a spring which the fiercest summer could not dry, and which--according to the legend--had power to heal all human ailments. I tried it once for chilblains, and strove hard, but un- successfully, to believe that it had done them good. From the well a rill trickled down to a broad, deep pond, and thence a brook, rich in brown-mottled green cresses, meandered through the gardens, stole out be- neath a low arch in the golden wall, became a rivulet, and half a mile off joined our river. Part of the pond was green with duckweed, part blue with forget-me- nots, parts snowy and golden with white and yellow water-lilies. In and about it, too, grew the water-iris, the water-aloe, and the water- plantain. On the pond floated an oblong punt, in which I fished with Izaak Walton by my side. I con- sulted him constantly, and tried to follow his his instruc- tions most carefully, but he made anything but a complete angler of me. In vain I baited with "the bluish, marsh, or meadow worm," with "another worm not too big," with "pastes almost as many sorts as there are medicines tor the toothache," in vain, "the better to beguile this crafty fish," I threw into the water "a day or two before, at several times, and in small pellets, my "pastes made with honey or with sugar:" not one of the big blue-moulded old carp, of which there were a good many in the pond, could I ever catch. I once caught a big barbel, and was half scared when I hauled the double moustached, saw-finned, purple-tailed fifteen-pounder in board, but I caught him not by hook, but by crook. He was half torpid, and I dragged him into the punt with the handle of a walking-stick. Once a long-nosed pike, as huge as a small shark, nearly caught me. That is, he would have pulled me over- board, had not the top-joint of my eighteen-penny rod snapt like a frozen twig at his first tug. There were golden bream in the pond, but they generally sulked at the bottom, and when they did show their deep, thin, disc-like bodies near the surface, they were far too shy and shy to suffer a neophyte in the Gentle Art to catch them. I had for the most part to content myself with a few paltry gudgeon and baby perch--the parents were too old fish to be caught by me. Now and then a shoal of bleak found their way into the pond from the river, and put life and light into the still waters, as the beautiful little creatures--rich green above and silvery- bright below--darted about like swallows. For these I whipped assiduously, but though I baited with the very flies and gnats at which I saw them leaping, they almost always were wise enough to prefer their food without the sauce piquante of a hook. The tenant of the gardens reserved for himself the privilege of setting night- lines, and pounds upon pounds of eels have I seen him pull up, when I have been at the pond before breakfast--long, black, fat fellows--in more senses than one, the lineal representatives of those that had been spitch-cocked for the abbey refectory centuries ago. Sometimes waggling amongst the black eels might be seen a nasty-looking brown one--green-brown, speckled with yellow dots that somehow made me think of plague-spots. One of the Italian abbots that wore the mitre of St. John's had imported murænæ from his native land. In Lempriere, or some Natural His- tory book, I had read the story of the Roman Knight who fattened his murænæ on drowned slaves, and when I saw the mud- coloured snakes making S's of themselves in the water, I used to shudder at the thought of tumbling in. It is a stale jest to sneer at the predilection which the "monks of old" generally manifested for locali- ties that could keep their table well supplied. Rosy old boys! Let him who is without sin in this respect \--or rather is guilty of the greater sin of ungratefully not caring what he eats-- cast the first stone at them. Certainly my abbey gardens showed that the monks were good judges of soil. Theirs was black as cur- rant jelly, and fat us butter. Of course centuries of careful culture had a good deal to do with this, but the soil must have been first-rate to begin with. The garden was a great cornucopia. Vines swarmed up the walls, drooping their glossy leaves and twining tendrils outside. Purple and green and yellow plums, downy peaches, golden apricots, blushing nectarines, great green figs, drooped beneath branches fastened to the old grey stones with lichened list and orange-rusted nails. Espaliered or on standards, hung all kinds of apples--pippins and russets, nonpareils and pearmains, apple-johns mid Norfolk biffins, jennetings and rennets, codlins and margarets. In spring, pear-blossom whitened the abbey gardens as though an avalanche had but half- melted, and this wealth of flowerage bore fruit in autumn in bergamots and beurrés, bonchrétiens and charmontelles, Colmans and St. Martials, Bugis and Carmelites, francreals and l'amozettes, jargonelles and Catherines, green-chisels and windsors, swan's eggs and russelets, St. Germains, musques, and winter greens. Dukes, bigaroons, black-hearts and white- hearts, polsteads and pies, loaded the cherry-trees. Almost countless varieties of gooseberries, red and green, hairy and smooth; currants, white, black, and red, pink, and yellow; raspberries, mulberries, medlars, damsons, bullaces, strawberries varying in size from that of a marble to that of a duck's egg, and walnuts knocked from trees as high as elms by long poles wielded by men mounted on long ladders, were others of the fruits that made the abbey gar- dens a garden of Paradise to me, for I was allowed to pick the commoner kinds at discretion, and for a treat was not infrequently permitted to feel a sunny peach melt into mead in my mouth. I devoutly trust that the shade of my old kitchen-gardener, though he did get drunk on market days, wanders in meads of asphodel. On his hot beds tiny knobs expanded into green, gored melons, mid cucumbers--early short pricklies, early long pricklies, late long pricklies, white Dutch pricklies, early green clusters, and nepauls--curved into clumpy sickles, or grew into long, thick, straight truncheons, confined in glass. Outside the frames the rambling pumpkin-vines spread their rough broad green leaves and golden blossoms, and seemed to wonder that their fragile stems could have produced such pot-bellied fruit. In the side beds were plots of feathery fennel, thyme, mint, and sage, and marjoram, mustard and cress that wrote green legends on the black mould, worm-rooted radishes, globe-rooted radishes, button- headed mushrooms, dock- leaved horse-radish, purple spinach, artichokes and Jerusalem artichokes, leeks, garlic, shalots, parsley, and Brussels sprouts. In the quadrangles which the espaliers enclosed celery was entrenched, and asparagus nodded its crest; carrots and cabbages, green and red, parsnips and potatoes, lettuces and drum-stick-like onions, cauliflower and brocoli, crumpled Scotch kale and white and red beet, were cultivated in broad beds; peas and beans had their dry stiff props in a tangle of French, white, or scarlet blossom and green foliage, and dew drops ran about like quicksilver on the wide leaves of the ruddy-stalked rhubarb. Bounded by the espaliers on one side, and hedge-like borders of box on the other, were the long narrow flower, beds--narrow but thronged with old-fashioned flowers. I love those old-fashioned flowers--even for old acquaintance sake, the staring warming-pan-like sunflower. Per se, however, almost all old fashioned flowers are beau- tiful--more beautiful to my old-fashioned eyes than many of the new-fangled favourites that have supplanted them--and they were all to be found in abundance, in their season, in the Abbey Gardwns; myrtle, periwinkle, snowdrop, crocusses golden and amethyst, primroses, anemones, hyacinths, violets, double daisies, jonquils, daffodils, wallflowers, stocks, tulips, lilies alabaster and tawney, flags of im- perial purple, rosemary, peonies, lilac, pinks, cloves, carnations, honeysuckle, monkshood, columbine, dove- hued as well as shaped and also dusky-tinted, mari- golds, ribes, honeysuckle, lavender, lily of the valley, roses, monthly musk and damask, convolvuluses, sweet peas, sweet williams, poppies, and Michaelmas daisies. The list sounds to me like music. The brown bees levelled in those flower-beds, and gorgeous butterflies fluttered over them. Looking out on a suburban garden of about six feet by four, I should envy the bees, butterflies, and birds that shared with me the peace and plenty of the Abbey Gardens--or rather their remote posterity--did I not call to mind that I have heard that the Abbey Gardens exist no longer save in memory--that bricklayers' labourers had plodded over them and they are gone, and their site knoweth them no more for ever. Prim villas, I am told, perk up their snug facades where, whilom, the graceful pear trees raised their vernal snow--the Abbot's Walk is built in on both sides, and known as Brown- street. It seems to me a hideous profanation. To blot out a garden, especially a garden that has been a garden from time immemorial, is a shameful SIN, Ai ai, pathetically sings Moschus: Alas! alas! when garden mallows die, Or the green parsley, or crisp blooming dill, They live again, and spring another year;-- But we k. r. l. Moschus would not have envied the mallows if he hod conceived it possible that Christians were about to come upon the earth, heathenish, or rather un- heathenish, enough to grub up gardens wholesale. P. 'P. 