A VISIT TO TIE FITZROY MINES.-No. I." (FIro the S.M. ieli ra.) Tnuna is something exceedingly refreshing to the business man in the knowledge that he is getting away from his usual routine of work and toil, and that for the time at least his mind will be altogether freed from the trammels in which his usual avoca tions hold it. Anti when to this are added an entire change of scene, the frcsh balmy broezes that come to him untainted by the miasmatic emanations from the thousand anti one pestilential holes that a crowded city must always contain in its many nooks and crannies, the bright sun, the clear sky, and the dolightfil fragrance that springs from nature's own laboratory of the woods, he gets an elasticity of mind and body that regenerates and refreshes him, and makes of the stern hard city man a lively sociable comnpanion, such as even his best friends would hardly expect to find him. I oxporioncedsomething of tlhis feeling myself when, after taking my place in the nine o'clockl train on Monday last, Ihad travelled some ten or a dozen miles and began to feel the refreshing effects of the cold sharp air, rendered still sharper and fresher by thbo rapid travelling. WVea ried, dyspeptic, and dull, at starting, I brightened up so fir as actually to catch myself exchanging remarks with a fellow traveller, and improved so much as I progressed as to got engaged in lively conversation with him before I got to Liverpool. It would be but repeating a thrice told tale to tell of the journey by rail to Picton, the deep cutting, with the blank wall of clay rising on each side, the monotary tones of the bush, saved from the appear ance of actual solitude and desertion by flights of parrots hurrying screaming from the presence of the unknown monster that clangs and rattles through the woods, or some philosophic cow who looks upon you with astonished but lack-lustre eye; the occasional bursts in upon cleared undulating land dotted here and there with cottages, and the cattle browsing in little knots or crawling lazily away in Indian file to the.water; Liverpool, that once flour ishing town, now in its decadence, with its extensive red brick houses all woefully out of repair, and seemingly blushing for their own naked and Sneglected appearance; the beautiful downs of Mac quanrie Liolds, with thoir line pastures and caroeul cultivations extending on either sido the line as far nas the eye can roach; the picturesque Campbolltown, with its whitewashed houses, nestling in the valley, and making futile attempts to creep up the sides of the hills that bound it on the east; Monanglo, and the wonders of its viaduct, its stono piers and iron girders; Picton, and the mountains and ridges through which we wind to reach it; all these, nay more, have been described before by pens of many travellers, and I shall not thoroforo attempt to touch them, except as I have done, in passing. You must therefore imagine meo safely arrived at Picton, with my passage engaged for the Fitzroy Mines, on board the good coach-but I forgot, I don't think it has a namei-that runs on alternate days from Picton to Uorrima, performing the terrible passage of thirty five miles in the short space of seven hours, a feat which, for the credit of our coachmasters in these days of rapid locomotion,, deserves to be recorded. Picton is only a small village, and was unimport ant until it became the terminus of the Southern line, as it will be again unimportant when the terminus of the southern line shall be some other point further on-rather an indefinite date, I must confess, and one that I, judging from the rate at which the work that came under my notice was being carried on, should be inclined to fix at the latter end of the present century. Picton is thoro fore likely to wear her borrowed honours for some time to come. Theoro is a largo quantity of good arable land around it, and the proximity of the rail way would seem to have given some impetus to agriculture in this quarter, for there wore more signs of work going on than I have seen for some years past. From hero to Myrtle Creek the signs of culti vation was pretty general. At Myrtle Creek, whioer poor old Crisp once reigned supreme-Crisp whoso courtly bow and polite but somewhat grandiose style of welcome must be so well remembered by all old travollors-much was changed. The garden on the left of the road that once formed the pride of his heart, and was kept witll the greatest care, has dis apppoarod. A few spectral fruit- trees; a giant aloe whoso tall flower-stem hung toppling over as if no longer able to bear the sight of the desolation around; and the ruins of a summer- house, once the wonder of all visitors, and radiant in green and many bright colours, now hanging over disconsol ately most woefully off the perpendicular; wore all that remained to mark the onco-favoured spot. As I looked regretfully upon the change I almost expected to see the shade of Crisp standing amongst the ruins and invoking vengeance upon the desecrat. ing hands that had caused it. Had it beeon night I have not the slightest doubt but that I should have seen him stalking liko Hamlot's father's ghost amidst his favourite trees; but as it was broad daylight with a brilliant sun shining, his non-appearance may be readily accounted for. Lot me not, however, in thus recording my regrets, do an act of injustice to ^^^ ^.'^;r,;^ ^^^^^;:·-~:*1·8~ proximity to the inn, and where itis not no subject to deprecdlions. A few miles from Myrtlo Creek we begin to get into the heavy timber, and to see signs that we are approaching the once famed Bargo Brush. The road descends and suddenly malting a sharp turn Irings us down into the rocky bed of the Bargo . Amidst all the improvements that have been maio on the Southern Road, Bargo River has, by some extraordinary means, been neglected. A very feeble attempt has been made to form something like a causeway over it-the extent of the attempt being to fill up a hole on the Picton side of the river, and to erect half a dozen posts to mark the line of road. When it is considered that this river rises very rapidly, that it runs with an exceedingly strong current, and that the whole communication with the South country is completely cut off when this river is up, it would be astonishing to me that this place should be loft in the same state as when handed over to the Roads Department, had I not seen so many eccentricities of the same kind, that I am prepared for anything without so much as lifting an eyebrow. Once across the river, and the travel ler is fairly in the reocognised Bargo Brush, a spot formerly as famous for the deeds of bushrangers as the Western district hasrecently become. Ioero the runaway convict, armed with some old horse-pistol, or a rusty fowling- piece that could be fired only with as much danger to the one firing as to the one fired at, or with some other weapon denominated deadly in those primitive days, lurked amongst the trees and scrub awaiting his prey, often with more fear and trepidation than was shown by his victim, and ready to throw down his arms and ask pardon at the first sign of resist ance. The bushrangers of those days-poor, for lorn, and timorous men, often driven to the last ex tremity of crime by the cruelty of their tasnkmasters -woro indCeO a very aloorent roco irom 0noso wo have lately seen, who, well off, with homes, friends, and comforts around them, wantonly gave them up for a lifo of crime, misery, and degradation, and a death of violence. Thoro is a curious fact that will show the different kind of men that the police had to deal with then and now. From the timo of Donnghau, the model bushranger of Now South Wales, whoseo lifo and death have been celebrated in prison epics, to the day when Mr. Lowo sot theo first example of resistance, I can re member only three bushrangers being killeod Donaghio, the notorious, and Scotchy, and another man whoso namo I forgot, who formed part of Whitton'o gang. All the others woro taken and either hanged or sent to Norfolk Island. Sinceo the recent outburst of bushranging no less than eight offenders havo been shot dead within about two years, or nearly three times as many as during the preceding thirty years. I think that this shows that the polico liavo not had so easy a task lately as their predecessors of former days had be fore them. But whilst I am wandering away upon my roemi nisconses, you must only fancy that the coach is going on through tlie brush, and thus we shall lose no time. There is little to be said of the brosh itself, for throughout it is the one same unchanging prospect of thick dark timber, which the black trunks of the ironbark render still moreo dreary. MIuch of tihe underwood, however, has been cleared off for some distanco beyond the road, and the brush has not that close tangled appearance that once marlked it. The traveller as he goes along cannot help remarking the numerous gigantic ant-hills that he comes across. Some of these are as much as eight foot high, and six or seven feet in diameter at the base, gradually tapering up into the shape of rudo round-headed pinnacles, not very much unliko heaps of mortar for which they have boon taken by the uninitiated. They are hollow in the centre, and are the work of a comparatively small ant. They are formed by the thin layers of prepared soil that are placed year after year over the larvom of the insect until hatched and brought to maturity by the sun's rays. Most of those near the roadside are old and deserted, and many of them have been broken into by tihe inquisitive. Tho land on each sido the roan bor many mlles irom 1?0 rivoer is very poor and barren, not oven producing feed enough for the b cattle of the differont. teamsters that ueo the road. In spots, and at long intervals only, there are some i better patches of ground, and at Lupton's there are I even attempts at cultivation. In no part, however, is it such as to tempt the farmer. As to the road, it is now in as good a condition as even the most fastidious could wish. Only some throee or four years back the passage of Bargo Brush was looked upon with dread by all travellers, and it was no un common thing to see the whole way dotted with vehicles of every description, from the gig and spring-cart to the bullock-dray, all stuck fast, or rather half-buried in the numerous sloughs, for holes would be by no means a appropriate name for them, that, filled with mud, looked most treacherously level, and deceived even the wary. Now, thoe road from Fieton to Borrima is as good as that through Gcorgo-atreot, and night or day the travellor can pass over it with safety and comfort. After leaving Bargo Brush the country becomes undulating and less heavily timbered, whilst the land is evidently of a superior quality. The undu lating gradually changes into a hilly and afterwards into a heavy mountainous country; noblo mountains with bold rocky crests, looking in tho distance like the ruined ramparts of some old feudal stronghold, appear on either side of the road; the signs of habi tation, of life, and labour become more frequent; and gardens with their trees clad in the russet but fast-falling robes of autumn break the hitherto un changing prospect of dreary bush. Descending a sharp hill, and turning a rude bluff of rock, through which the road has been cut, the Fitzroy Iron Mines come in view. Tie tall chimney vomiting forth black clouds of smokeo, the clanking of the engines, the roaring of the blast furnace as it belches forth from its summit blue sulphurous flame, seem alto gether out of keeping with the quiet almost deserted Sbush that has hitherto boon mot with, and to a per son unacquainted with the fact of such works being carried on, would come on him with as much sur prise as the changes narrated in fairy tales. The works are on the right of the road coming from Picton, and on the left are the dwellings of the men. These are slab or bark huts, and are placed irregu larly on the side of a gently sloping hill that rune down from a heavy mountain that backs up the landscape and along the base of which the works of the Goulburn extension of the railway are being car ried on. Nearly the whole of this slope has been cleared, and the cottages show out brown and picturesque, as their edges are caught by the now descending sun, and show out sharp and well defined against the green backgrounds. Women come out of doors to see the coach pass; children cease their play and gape in wonder or raise a shout as we drive along. But the sun is fiast sinking, and the wind comes sharp and chill through the openings of the hills, and with anything but regret I hasten on to my appointed resting-place for the night, leaving till the morrow a closer examination of the spot I have specially come to visit. 