t o w n t a l k . Amii^mfortunate case of mistaken dentit/^BS disclosed in the case of the uspected murder, for which a man named George Leithley lias been apprehended. The police haring desired to have the body of the dcc»*a«pd identified, sent for several persons, one of whom was said to have been fellow servant of tbe deceased, and they everally asserted thnt his name was John Moore. However, Mr Heathorne having eard the report of the murder of this young man, attended the room where the body lay, nd at once elated tbat it was not the erson named. And at a little after twelve midnight the police dlscovorid that the real name of the deceased was Elijah Round. We have been requested to state that the only person who shared io the reward given by the Government, and the Glenorchy Municipality for the apprehension of William Griffitlipjconvicted of the murder at Glenorchy. were the members of the police force, ami that the amount distributed among them appears in the government ‘Gazette.* The adjourned inquest as to the origin of the fire which bnke out in tbe empty cottages at the top of BithursNstrcet will be proceeded with to-morrow afternoon, when some fresh evidence of an important nature will be produced. This day Hia Worship the Mayor, will, by notice under his band, declare Aidermen David Lewis, George Crisp, and William Patrick Green, re-elected as Aldermen ofthe Municipal Council for tlie City of Ilobarc Town, there having beeu no other candidates nominated. The proposed baths to be constructed nder the five arches in the New Market are to be proceeded wiih at once. The tenants under tbe arches have already received notice to quit, and it is the intention of the Corporation to proceed with the work under the direction and supervision' of their own City Surveyor, and without adopting the course generally followed by them of calling for tenders. The deviation in this respect will be justified by every right man in the community, when we tell them that the council propose, if possible, to have ths baths com* pleted and regdy for use within the next 7 or 8 weeks. This glorious addition to our re* quirementi will be hailed with satisfspdon on every side, more especially as there are many restrictions Against bathing in the day lime in the river. The batbs will be of immense size, being 80 feet in length, and will consist of shower as well as plunge baths, and it is to he hoped those citizens who love cleanliness will freejy patronise the baths; and in all probability the market will be improved by this invaluable iidditiop. A}1 honor to Mr Alderman Rennerley for his determined movement In referenoc to the baths, end to the Municipal Council for their determination to proceed with the work,so as to enable our citizens to enjoy tbe advantages of batbing during the present summer. The usual weekly lecture, and th 6 closing one of the season, will be delivered at the Mechanics’ Institute, this evening, by the Hon A. Kcnoerley, Esq, MX.C., the President of the Institute, on the subject of “ China past and present.” The it is said, be most interesting, and will commence at 8 o’clock precisely. W e are requested by Messrs Brent and Westbrook to call tbe special attention of capitalists apd others to the sale of the .following valuable properties, which will take place at 12 o’clock, at their m art:—Genteel nnd commodious family residence, fine garden of two acres, belonging to Wtu Boys, Esq., who Is about leaving the colonys also—>the Public-house, Store, Ac., at tug Ouse Bridge, io tbe D ls ir io t o t Ham ilton, At the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, yesterday, tlie panel of furors being exhausted, a tale was prayed, and, as usual, the reporter of the ‘ Herald* .waruniortunate enough to be selected by the Sheriff to flll the place of one of tbe absent .jurofs. Mr William Hurley* of Muddy Plains, w,a« fined L 2,»nd Mr D. Hales L l, by His Honor the Chief Justice for absence as jurors. The following tenders have been received at tlie Public Works Office Hobart Town, for clearing projected line of Tramway, North West Bay, for a distance of about 6} miles:— Andrew Crawford, senr, L1237 10s; Andrew Crawford. jun.Ll 196 5s; JolinDenebey, 1*600; Thomas Durey, (1*650; William Bell, 1*485; Thomas Dawes and Co, 1*470; Bell and Fite* patrick, L5I9;. Jacob Roberts. 1*500; Cbes» terman and Helmer, 1*395; John Macmicbael, L370; Hay and Barnett, 1*358; Michael Torpy, L337. The tender of Michael Torpy, at 1*337, has been accepted. The following tenders have been received at tlie Public Works Office, Hobart Town, for erecting a timber bridge over the River Leven:"—John Martin, X4979; A. H. Swift,1*4890; Wa igh and Lockie, i<4743 Martin Boland, 1*4250; Joseph Dodd, L3925 10i; W. B. Brookes, 1*8920; R. Ratter, 1.3916 10s; Z?p. Williams, 1*3700; Cummings, Raymond and Co, 1*3475. The tender of Messrs Cummings, Raymond & Co, at 1*3476, has been accepted. An inquest was held yesterday afteroon, before the Coroner (A. B. Jones. Esq) d a Jury, touching the (hath of Wiliam Brookes^ who had been run over at Bridgewater by his own cart, and who had been umanely removed to the General Hospital by j}. c, Berresford, from Bridgewater. After hearing the evidence of the several witnesses, the Jury brought in a verdict of accidental death, and added a rider to their verdict to tlie effect that great credit was due to D.O. Berresford for bis alacrity, and tlie sttenlion he shewed to deceased by conveying him to’ the , General iner&i; nospuai Hospital in io his uib o t d van. cart. r - ; | The Monarch steam er made her first moonlight trip of the season last evening—a , large number of our fellow citizens, and & : good sprinkling of the fair sex, availed themselves uf the opportunity afforded for their , enjoyment, and returned to their homes at ; 10 p.m. delighted ........................... with the excursion. ‘ | The Regatta Committee, met yesterday, to take into consideration the protest of the Railway Bell in the youths’ race, pulled on Tuesday, when it waa decided to give the j winning boat Harlequin the let, and the 1 Morniiig Light 2nd prize, bat reserved Jh aU decision as to the 3rd prize unril Monday, nsxt. There was a great number of persons" present on the Regatia Ground yesterday afternoon in, to » witness the \ boat races referred to t< in another column, Captain Barclay (one me of the judges), om behalf of the committee very considerately ordered a full boat’s crew to the buoy boat off Pavilion Point, to watch over the boats in the Amateur Scullers’ Race, iu caBe of an accident occurring. Tlie following is the result of the Amateur Scullers’ Race, which waB pulled over again yesterday afternoon Vision, Lynch, 1; Vivid, Bayes, 2; Paragon, Turner, 8j Stella, Sullivan, 4; Violet, Whitehouse, 0; Tory Boy, Hopwood, 0. The sum of L7 10s was made up on the ground for a race to be pulled by amateurs in four- oared whaleboats. ... 1st prize, r — , -£5 - 10s; - , 2nd prize, . . . £2 10s. There were three entries,and a Bplemlid race ensued, Morning Light, Hopwood, 1 ; Harlequin, Wbitehonse, 2; Florence Nightingale, Wise, 3. A Midnight Railway Ride.—At the Police-court, Taunton, William Stevens, cleaner of railway engines, was charged with wilfully causing damage to an engine, to ihe pjrfpnt of more than £ 100, The facts con^ necied with the charge were of a most extraordinary character. The evidence showed that the duty of the defendant, who was employed on the Chard and Taunton Railway was to clean an engine called the Busy Bee, every eveuing after tbe work of the day, and at 3 o'clock the "next maroi&g; to light the fire, so that steam could be got up by 6 o’clock. On no account was he to meddle with tbe machinery, or or attempt to move tbe train. The ebaner, hiwcver, took a singular freak into his bead, And determined to have a midnight ride, Accordingly, about otidnight on the day named in the warrant, lie lit the fire of the engine, got up steam, and started the engine, he being the only passenger. Up and down the line he tore for two mortal hours, and not exactly knowing how to compress the steam it flew off in all directions, shrieking fearfully, and alarming the inhabitants living near the line of railway. The watchman on one of the bridges was sorely affrighte 1 at seeing an engine tearing madly along backwards and forwards, witli a solitary white face upon it, and he came to the conclusion in the darkness of the night that either a ghost or the Evil One himself had obtained tlie mastery over the line. In one of his wild excursions prisoner was about to enter on the main line of the Bristol and Exeter Railway.but lie fortunately heard the noise of an approaching night mail from London. A minute or two later and the consequences would have been fearful to contemplate. Tired at length of his ride, hi took tlie Busy Bee back to the station, and lay down by the side of it to await the arrival of the driver. At J past 4 the driver Approached, hut when about 100 yards from tlie engine it blew up with a fearful explosion, the dottier having neglected to put more water into the boiler. Strange to say Stevens, though ■close to the engine, was uninjured, but, as the driver stated, he looked dreadfully frightened. For this dangerous railway freak he was sentenced, by way of warning, to a month’s imprison* ment with hard labour. Going the rounds of the papers is a ittle paragraph which demands serious attenion. It relates the most dreadful death of >eterinary surgeon at Sudbury,nnd seems to how that in this country as well as in Russia en may become infected with the cattle lague, and die horribly, and so spread the ontagion. That certainly seems to be the pinion of the surgeons who were to have made a joinji examination of the unhappy man’s body, but Gould not nnd dare not. It was impossible, tiny say, because tho tissues were utterly destroyed ; and “ it would have been highly dangerous for them to have done o.” The verdict of the coroner’s jury was 4n ccordance with the surgeons’ opinion.— That tlie deceased died from the effect of the absorption of virus or poison into his system upon the occasion of his making a pott mortem examination of % cow which *hud the from a certain disease called or known qs dill cattle plague,” This case should bo a warn* iog to all who have to do with diseased cattle, nev«r to much them with hands of which tho skin is broken. Medical science is also warned that some enquiry into the matter is necessary. ‘ Puqch* m ade three curious blunders in one of his recent cartoons. First of all, he makes the <fnew freshman” at Qgfor4 a nnvyy, whereas the men to be introduced by tbe rail* way works at Oxford wilt? be the skilled engineers, a high olass of wnrkmen,.. In thb second place, he puts the •* Don” in Iwcholfir's gown ; and in tho third plifee, and worst of all, he makes the navvy ask fo r” Audit,” which is a beer peculiar to St John's, Cara** bridge, and unknown at any college in Oxford. » Job Cook’s Breeches—Ohe night as Job Cook came off the Downs, wet to the very skin, it happened hfs wife h*d been baking. So, when he went to bed, his wife took his lonther breeehes, and p u t’em in theoven to dry. When he woke in ihe morning, he began to feel aboiit for his things ; and he called out and said, ? Petty, wherp be 1?ie things J” “ In the qveh,” said his wjfe f*Q he looked In the oven, and found his leather breeches all cockled up together like apieoe o f parchment \%\$> Uehawlelout,« Q ik w r ifl O, Lard 1 what be I to d o?, Waa ever man plagued.SB I be ?” “ Patience, Job j patience,' Job,*’ said his wife, “ remember thee-.old namesake how he was plagued.” “ All/* said the old mao, “ he, was plagued, surely but his wife never baked his breeches.”— 4Darlington Times,” A. Magistrate ConvictecL—At the regular sitting of the magistrates at the Maiden's Head Hotel at Uckfield,on Thursday week, Mr J . G. Boucher, of CroB8-in- Hand, was convicted of cruelty to a horse, by driving it that Very morning into the ■town to enable him to preside on the bench with his brother magistrates. The case ia a very singular one, and has created considerable Into rest In the neighborhood from the fact that during tbe past few months several persons working on the line of railway in course of construction'toetween'Tunbridge Weals and Uckfleld have been summoned or taken into custody by the police, And convicted in heavy penalties by Mr Boucher and other magistrate for a like offence. I t seems that while the bench were presiding Mr Henry Faulkner, jroumonger nnd farmer of Uckfield, noticed the horse standing in the. .Maiden’s Head Hotel yard, "with some raw wounds behind its shoulders and under the belly, one of them being of several days standing. Having ascertained from the oBtler, who was washing tho wounds, that Mr Boucher'had just driven the horse Into town wiih a four wheeled trep, Mr Fnulknrr, wiili the characteristics of John Bull, at once called the superintendent of police out of the court, and told him to ilo his duty and take out a summons gainst the offender. This the superintendent declined the bench room to lay a complaint At the close of the other business tlie superintendent laid the facts before the bench, and the com- ' plaint was entered in the usual way. Mr Boucher, who had been presiding on the banch up lo this point, now vacated bis seai nnd took his position jn tlie defendants’ dock. The magistrates who heard the case were Mr W. w. Morgan inline (iu the cnairj, chair}. iur Mr T. i. uiumi, Brown, Colonial Harcourt, nnd Captain Noble After {j®arinS evidenceiand inspecting the horse Mr Boucher wac called upon for Iub defence, Hia explanaiion waa that he was unaware that the animal had any old wound that this was the second time only that the horse had been driven 7 “ "! ... —-■ wounda behind the shoulder_had been raused “ O'™1"8,^ ° “ 5 ana J, le “ “k'Btrates consulted^ o . • . ‘!len, addressing Boucher. said^jhat after ? 1 eevtoenee they harn^nnviet liinf ^ ? , ^ I t “ ntT0fcr eUv *hh<>nPh they tnought that the aot of cruelty was unintentional on his part as lie w s ftware or the condition ot the Ifodw norse .ho* tm cirne nearly reached U c k f e l J .U n d e r i h o e circum .ianeesthey had demded to fine him 10s f i 11c°*lB, Mr Bovcher paid the money. ■East Sussex New 