TEH SALISBURY EYMJST BOOK. ALTHOUGH the Pope is not gaining much favor with the more enlightened and liberally disposed among his own flock, we can point out many instances of the fatal fascination the fine purple of his Holiness exercises over other communities. For example, the hymn selected to be sung, yesterday morning, at the Wickham Terrace Church, was the 77th of the Earl Nelson's hymnal, entitled the Salisbury Hymn book. Here is the first verse : " When our heads are bowed with woe, When our bitter tears sorrow, When we mourn our lost ones dear, Just, Box OF MARY, hear I " Now Milman, the author of this verse, wrote : " When our heads are bowed with woe, When our bitter tears o'erflow, When we mourn the lost and dear, Jesus, Son of David, hear." No marvel that the worthy Bishop of the Anglican Church can act so cordially with the equally worthy Bishop, Dr. Quinn. The hymn book which the former introduced into the English Church in Queensland, might, if Latinized, be used without impropriety by the Church of Rome. A few more examples will justify this statement. We run through the book and find the following : " In the blessed Virgin's womb, Purest flesh thou did'st assume" Hymn 32, v. 3, p. 30. Surely that is the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception I Compare : " O that over blessed dawning When the Virgin, pure and bright, By the Holy Ghost made fruitful, Our salvation brought to light." Hymn 36, v. 3, p. 31. What shall we say to the next ? " Glory to the father be Glory, Virgin born, to thee." Is not that praising the creature equally with the Creator Hymn 42, p. 40. Compare 3rd verse of hymn 58, p. 65 : " Hail, Incarnate Son of Mary !" Again, from the 3rd verse of the 95th hymn : " Por Magdalene, with loving care, And Mary and Salome there, To anoint the holy corso proparo.-Alleluia." Chorus-" Alleluia !" Disraeli, in the Sheldonian might well take his side " with the angels," when he hears such hymns as these : " O God, the Son Eternal, they dread might Sent forth St. Michael and the hosts of heaven, And wore the realms of light Cast down in burning light Satan's rebellious hosts to darkness given." Here is Milton quoted as an authority for a bare and profitless tradition. See hymn entitled " St. Michael and all Angeline. 153. The next contains a direct invocation of the Saviour as a mere angel, or rather as a mere was So present, Son of Mary, To join their loving hands, As thou did'st land two natures In thine eternal bands." What can Unitarians or Secularists wish for more ? Probably this will seem sufficient to the readers of the Courier. 