A Chapter on Duns. by a shuffling contributor. Chapter IV. — He is distrained Upon. Before proceeding with the immediate subject of my present chapter, I must inform my readers that at a party the other evening, I heard a sweet and mournful song, whose plaintive tenderness led mo to adopt it as a fitting medium for the expression of creditorial regret for trans actions with that class of society of which I am so distinguished an ornament, I accordingly pictured to myself a Dun who has caused me some annoyance expressing himself thus : — i. Quarter-day thoughts hover o'er me, Goods delivered long ago Like stage ghosts they pass before me Whitey browned in parcelled show ; Ere I knew a shade of sorrow, And my books from bad debts free, Not a sigh caused for that morrow That brought "no fund" cheques to me, Not a sigh caused for that morrow That brought "no fund" cheques to me. n. Fancy sees dried apples twining In festoons around my door, On my shelves sardine tins shining, On ling fish many a score ; Paints my shopman's smiles that border, His phiz as most obsequiously He enters the next order Of some thief who swindles me, He enters the next order Of some thief who swindles me. in. Tho' experience should have taught mo In giving trust not to be rash, I thought not, they'd have so caught me ; Now I whistle for my cash, When at eve my shutters closing, Oh ! how pleasing 'tis to me To reflect on trust reposing In gents who diddled me, To reflect on trust reposing In gents who diddled me. And making due allowance for his perhaps naturally excited feelings, I go on to more personal matters. The landlord of my office having left for England by last month's mail steamer, I receive a billet doux from his "duly constituted agent," that unless my rent, which I need hardly observe is in arrears, is paid by eleven this morning he will be under the necessity of bailiffing me. One, two, three o'clock pass — no bailiff yet. I resolve to punish the malignity of human agential nature — I put the hall clock back ten minutes, and invite two friends to a glass of sherry and a biscuit in my office. At length the bailiff enters — he is deceived by the clock — but he levies. The furniture is seized and carted away, to be disposed of at an enormous sacrifice, a circumstance which, I, of course, regret, but the more especially so, as my landlord has evi dently in the hurry of his departure omitted to inform his agent that the furniture in question was not my property, but was let to me with the room. If people will distrain upon their own goods, who is to hinder them ? And if there is any truth in the Berkleyan philosophy, after all no harm is done. But when this is the case between individu als, the majesty of the law must not be outraged ; and the distress having, in consequence of my dodge with the clock, boon made at an illegal hour, I am entitled to recover damages, and of course intimate my intention to bring an action. I am, however, reasonable— I com promise the matter for a ten pound note — and as I pocket the money state my readiness to "execute a proper release" at any moment. This offer gives of course the most serene satisfaction to the parties concerned, and as it must therefore conduce to their happiness, I feci gratified at having been made the " humble instrument " of their plea sure, as well as at the opportunity afforded me of leaving some of those footpi'ints behind me which Some hard-up and shuffling brother Seeing, may take heart again. A 