AMERICAN AFFAIRS. (FROM THE CORRESPONDENT OF THE TIMES.) NEW YORK, JAN. 3. The great Wilmington expedition is at an end, both as regards the military and naval forces. General Butler is back again at the Dutch Gap Canal, confident that he was right in not attempting to carry Fort Fisher by assault, though General Grant is of the contrary opinion. Admiral Porter is at Beaufort awaiting orders, amusing himself till they come in venting adverse criticism upon the conduct of his over-prudent co- adjutor. The joint expedition has, it appears, cost the Federal Government the large sum of 30,000,000dol., from its conception, four months ago, to its close, or, at the present depreciation of green-backs, nearly £3,000,000 sterling. It achievements have been nil, unless it be an achievement to show that a large ex- plosion of gunpowder may produce a very small effect, and that a fort constructed by such an engineer as Beauregard, aided by nature and position, may successfully defy a much greater amount of pounding than sixty warships and 10,000 men can inflict upon it in two or three days, or as many months. It is generally supposed that the attempt upon Wilmington will not be re- newed ; and that the armada will be ordered to co-operate at an early day with the force under General Sherman, marching viâ Au- gusta, to Charleston. This is a project which, though seriously entertained by the Govern- ment, and strongly advocated by the mili- tary authorities, depends upon the defenders of Augusta in the first instance, and upon many other contingencies afterwards ; and which, moreover, even if it were successfully carried to completion, would not be of much material advantage. There is no doubt that Charleston captured would be of a sweet- smelling savour in the nostrils of the North — would serve to round some thousands of periods in leading articles and orations to the effect that the “ serpent of the rebel- lion had been smothered in its cradle,” and others to the like effect ; but whe- ther it would in reality do anything to hasten the end of the war or add to Northern conquest a square yard of terri- tory more than would be commanded by the guns of the Federal garrison is a matter on which some of the most ardent patriots of the North hold irreconcilable opinions. With the exception of an inland movement against Mobile, undertaken by General Gordon Granger, of which the details are vague, con- fused, and contradictory, there is a lull of military operations. General Hood, defeated but not subdued, continued his retreat to the Tennessee river, which he has succeeded in crossing at Florence, unimpeded by General Thomas ; and General Grant keeps Christmas and New Year in his camp, giving no trouble to and receiving none from General Lee. At Savannah, General Sherman is reposing from his labours ; so that there scarcely comes from any quarter the sound of a gun to break the unusual quietude. Considerable interest has been excited during the last two days by the announce- ment, in the Washington journals, and thence copied by those of Now York, that Mr. Blair, sen., the guide, counsellor, and friend of Mr. Lincoln, and his son, Mr. Mont- gomery Blair, late Postmaster-Goneral, and a member of the Cabinet, had gone to the army of General Grant, with instructions from the President to proceed to Richmond under flag of truce. It was asserted that these gentle- men were the bearers of a proposition to the Southern President, and that the proposition they conveyed was a return to the Union and the old Constitution, coupled with amnesty, forgiveness, oblivion, or whatever else it might suit the pride of the South to call it, for all the events of the last four years ; a junction of the two great armies of the North and the South, under Lee as the generalissimo. a defiant proclamation of the Monroe doctrine, and then a triumphal march upon Mexico for the expulsion of the French and the Empe- ror Maximilian. The wildness of this idea was no impediment to its popular acceptance ; though if Wall-street had believed that the South would listen to such terms, which it most assuredly did not, gold would have risen to a much higher premium than it has yet attained, to mark the sense entertained by men of business of such a reckless change of a civil to a foreign war of inappreciable mag- nitude. Whatever may have been the object of the Messrs. Blair in proceeding to the army of the Potomac, whether it were merely to gratify their own curiosity, or to make some sort of a proposition to the authorities of Rich- mond, to which Mr. Lincoln was privy, they did not pass the Federal lines, but after re- maining two days at General Grant’s head- quarters returned to Washington. So far there seems to be an end of all the specula- tions founded upon their journey. They were not, however, the only distinguished visitors that have made their way to a Federal army supposed to be charged with a message to Richmond. High as Mr. Blair, sen., may stand in the confidence of Mr. Lincoln, there is another person, who, if common rumour be not an arrant impostor, stands higher than he, and who exercises on the President’s mind an influence akin to that exercised over Louis XI. by Olivier le Daim, the barber. The gentleman in question is a Dr. Zacharie, appointed some time ago by Mr. Lincoln “ chiropodist in general to the armies of the Union,” and who in this capacity acquired a considerable fortune in a very short space of time. Dr. Zacharie was despatched to Rich- mond a year ago or more, and crossed the lines under a flag of truce. What was his mission no one knew at the time, though no one suspected that ho had gone into the enemy’s camp merely to perform upon the feet of the Southern President, his secre- taries, and his generals the same profes- sional service that he had rendered to Mr. Lincoln and the halting heroes of the army of the Potomac. Immediately after the occupation of Savannah by General Sherman Dr. Zacharie was, it is asserted — though the fact has not yet found its way to the newspapers — despatched by Mr. Lincoln on a second embassy to Richmond. What his mission may mean it is idle to conjecture ; but the fact that Mr. Lincoln should make choice of such a negotiator, either for a great object or a small one, is certainly singular, and as such deserves passing mention in the history of the time. Dr. Zacharie is reported to be a person of varied attainments, of re- fined manners, and of a persuasive address, with materials enough at the tip of his tongue to add a few supplementary sheets to the next edition of Joe Miller’s Jests that any enterprising bookseller in the Old World or the New may think it profitable to publish. It is, perhaps, the last of these accomplish- ments that has recommended him to the con- genial President. Although the blockade by sea of the Southern cities is well maintained everywhere except at Wilmington, the commercial inter- course of North and South by land is freer than might be supposed. Several regulations of the Treasury department granting permis- sion under certain circumstances to Northern traders to purchase cotton, sugar, and other commodities in the “ rebellious” states have been issued from time to time, under Mr. Chase and his successor. On the 22nd od December Mr. Fessenden published an amended regulation, No. 55, setting forth the future practice to be observed, which was ap- proved and signed by Mr. Lincoln on the same day. From this document it appears that all “ permits” previously granted to Federal citizens to trade with the South are to be held valid, on one main and three sub- sidiary conditions. The main condition is that such permits have not been violated or abused. The subsidiary conditions are, that goods purchased under such permits shall be removable from the South to the North without liability to seizure or confiscation on the part of the Federal authorities, first, if they have been wholly paid for prior to the 4th of July, 1864, and second, if they have been partly paid for and a legal obligation duly entered into to pay the balance on re- mainder. If, however, only a portion of such goods has been paid for, and the purchaser has entered into no legal obligation, by note of hand, bill of exchange, or otherwise, to pay for the remainder, such part only as has been fully acquired by payment shall enter into the Federal lines. This looks like a restric- tion on the previously existing traffic, and may possibly be so intended by the Treasury department. Whatever may be the purpose as regards private trading, the Government itself as I learn on undoubted authority, has no intention to restrict its own trade, or shut out the staple produce of the South by pro- hibitory enactment. Such pressure is brought to bear upon it by the cotton manufactures of New England and the twelve senators who represent that small but busy and influential corner of the great republic. In the Upper House of the Legislature, that, failing to cap- ture cotton from the enemy in sufficient quan- tities to keep the Northern mills in full ac- tivity, it is willing to exchange with the South such Northern products as the South may most urgently need for a corresponding value in cotton. The South needs beef it appears, as hungrily as the North needs cotton ; and it was therefore agreed some months ago that a Northern agent, duly authorized by Mr. Lincoln, would exchange with a Mr. Davis, one, if not two, million pounds of beef-cattle against a million pounds of cotton. It is possible, therefore, that the mission of Dr. Zacharie to Richmond may refer to some such matter as this, rather than to the more important question of peace or war ; and that a new bargain of the kind, equally agreeable to both parties, and highly profitable to the North, may be the result of his journey to the beleagued city. Under the incentive of the new draught called for by Mr. Lincoln in his proclamation of the 20th ult., New York has resumed the military aspect of the year 1863 and the spring of 1864, which it had temporarily lost. Again the banners stretch at short intervals across the long line of Broadway, to notify to the able-bodied passengers the various re- cruiting offices of celebrated regiments and popular colonels ; again large placards flare upon all the walls adapted for advertising, setting forth the advantages of the naval or military service of the Federal Government, and the large bounties, splendid prospects, and paternal treatment offered to the patriotic youth of America (not forgetting the non-patriotic youth of Ireland and Germany) who will take arms to deal the deathblow at the backbone of the re- bellion ; again the wooden shanties of the bounty-brokers are built in public places by permission of the municipal authorities ; again the crimps and kidnappers hocus the unwary, and divert into their own pockets the greenbacks that should find their way into the pockets of the willing recruits ; again the consular agents of Great Britain and of the various German States are worried, perplexed, and encumbered with work, in investigating the claims to ex- emption raised by people who, but for the conscription, would never have thought of asserting any nationality but that of the new land into which ill-fortune in the old had driven them ; and again the rich are opening their purses to remove from this great city all peril of a compulsory draught by the offer of an unprecedented amount of bounty money. Under the last call the county and city of New York would have had to provide 13,884 men ; but as cre- dits are claimed and allowed for 9,451, being the number in excess of recruitments over previous liabilities, and of substitutes pur- chased in the interval between the last draught and its predecessor, there remains but 4,433 to be raised on this occasion. At a special meeting of the Board of Supervisors on Saturday, the facts and figures having been duly set forth, it was unanimously re- solved to increase the bounty offered by New York to 1,000dol. per man, and for this pur- pose to raise by way of loan, on the se- curity and resources of the city and county, the sum of 4,000,000dol. All parties being agreed, the resolution was passed without even a dissentient opinion, and the mayor affixed his signature to the ordinance wilhin a few minutes afterwards. The owners of real estate will, doubtless, be called upon in due time to contribute of their super- fluity towards the payment of the annual interest on this new debt, and will, doubtless, very speedily shift the burden from their own shoulders to that of their tenants, by increasing the rent of every house, store, shop, tenement, and shanty within the limits of the city. “ Great is New York !” says an enthusiastic journalist, in commenting upon this liberality. “ It gives Admiral Farragut 50,000dol. to purchase a house, and other naval and military heroes as much more, and yet can afford to pay four millions for exemption from a new conscription. This shows the wealth of the metropolis and the public spirit of her citizens. It may, perhaps, show the wealth of the citi- zens, though indebtedness is not always wealth, as private individuals know, if a whole city-full may not ; but it certainly shows a strange kind of public spirit that populous New York cannot provide a single soldier or sailor, native born or alien, to fight for pure enthusiasm in the cause for which their services are invoked, and that nothing but dollars — and large and con- tinually increasing quantities of them — can induce a man to pull a trigger or haul a rope on behalf of that beneficent Government of which the Americans delight to boast as the beau-ideal of all human institutions. There is but little chance that New York will not raise the men required. The average weekly immigration of Irish, German, and other Europeans during the year 1864 was upwards of 3,000, fully one half of whom were youths or able- bodied mon in the prime of life. With a thousand dollars as bait, dropped into such a shoal of gudgeons as this, it will not be very long before there will be 4,433 nibbles, followed by 4,433 bites, and 4,433 men in shabby blue to rush to victory or to defeat under Grant, Sherman, or Thomas, or any other popular commander whom the war may produce. Under the circumstances, how- ever, the less that is said of patriotism the better. It should, perhaps, be explained, for the enlightenment of Europe, that the muni- cipal authorities of New York, who vote these large sums on the credit of the city, have little property of their own ; that the funds of the corporation are grossly squandered ; that more money is paid for paving and cleaning the streets than is devoted to these purposes anywhere else, and that, notwithstanding this extravagance, New York is dirtier and worse paved than any other city in the world ; and that wealthy and reputable Ame- ricans rarely condescend to any participation in the city government. NEW YORK, Jan. 10. The failure of the attack upon Fort Fisher and the defences of Wilmington has led to one important and unexpected result. It has ended the military career of General Butler. Pending an opportunity which will, doubt- less, in due time be found or made to ap- point him to such purely administrative functions as he exercised at New Orleans, and which it was the earnest desire of his party that he should exercise at New York, the dis- graced major-general has been ordered to re- port himself at Lowell, his home in Massa- chusetts, there to meditate at leisure on the mutability of fortune and the ingratitude of republics, and to await, with what patience he may command, the passing of the eclipse in which his fame and usefulness have been temporarily shrouded. Though there is, and will be, much re- joicing on the fall of General Butler, there is too great a sense of justice in the com- munity not to admit that he has been unfairly treated ; that if the naval and military attack on Fort Fisher was to have been simultaneous, the blame of dis- obedience and consequent failure ought to rest upon Admiral Porter, who commenced his part of the operations without waiting for the arrival of the troops. But Porter was in no one’s way. He was not a politician ; he was not the darling of the Abolition party ; he had not been nominated by the Loyal League and the Rev. Mr. Beecher for the Pre- sidency ; he had not made a host of enemies in every quarter ; and he was not, as Butler, an amateur in the business of arms, and con- sequently distasteful to the regularly-educated and trained members of the profession. Therefore Porter, the really guilty person, if there were any guilt in the matter, has been let alone, and Butler made to pay the penalty of his own unpopularity and of another man’s transgression. But though some people are found to deplore the result, none are surprised at it. The mass of the people had long ago come to the conclusion that Butler’s true position is not in the field, but at the desk ; and he is by far too able and valuable, as well as too unscrupulous, a public servant to be left in permanent obscurity. The expedition against Wilmington is to be immediately renewed, with General Ord in command of Butler’s corps, and with a largely increased military force to co-operate from the rear. In this city, on Sunday last and yesterday, great numbers of soldiers, looking sorely fatigued, dirty, haggard, unkempt, and travel-worn, were seen to arrive in regiments and detachments by railway, and to march through the streets for embarkation on board transports waiting in the bay and harbour to receive them. In answer to inquiries, they said they belonged to the army of the Ten- neesee, under General Thomas, but whither bound no one knew except the officer in com- mand. It appears, although the New York press has not been permitted to publish the facts, lest information should thereby be con- veyed to the enemy, that these troops, spared for the purpose from the main army of General Thomas, are to land at Beaufort, or some other part of the shore of North Caro- lina, and, having effected a junction with the Federal army at Newberne, under General Terry, are thence to march upon Wilmington and attack the city in the rear, while Admiral Porter, assisted by a larger force than that commanded by Butler, and this time under the charge of a fighting officer, is to attack Fort Fisher and the other maritime defences that guard the entrances of the Wilmington river. It is expected that the city will be unable to resist so formidable an assault, and that it will fall a certain, though possibly not an easy, prey to its assailants, and that the pride of the North will receive the greatest gratifi- cation next to the capture of Richmond which it at this moment desires, the closing up of the last port open to the intercourse of the South with Europe. Congress is busying itself with the discus- sion of the abolition of slavery, by legal amendment of the Constitution, thereby con- fessing, what all the world, except the fanatics of abolition, knew perfectly well, that Mr. Lincoln’s proclamations and edicts to that effect were nugatory and invalid, and, unsup- ported by force of arms, of no more value than waste paper. But the deliberations of Congress to this end excite but little interest. The all but certainty that the South will arm and free its able-bodied slaves, and the possi- bility, or at least the chance, that the Euro- pean Powers will be thereby induced to recog- nize the Confederacy, occupies the attention of men of all parties. Those who know the South best believe most implicitly that both people and leaders are willing, if not anxious, to make the experiment. Those who know little or nothing of the South, and who think that the Union is a fetish as dear to Southern as it is to Northern superstition, cherish the delusion that there is a great Unionist party in the “ rebellious” states, which is silenced and intimidated by the Southern President and the armies which he controls, and that there only needs another great victory of the Northern arms — such as that expected at Wilmington — or, pending the preparations necessary to achieve it, an offer of everything that the South can desire short of independ- ence, to induce both army and the peoplle to submit to a reconstruction of the Union. To all assertions that there is no Union party in the South ; that the opposition to the Go- vernment or the measures of Mr. Jefferson Davis, however violent it may appear, is nothing but the natural opposition in which all constitutional nations indulge, and must not be mistaken for treason to the cause, however exacerbated ill-fortune may make it, these patriots turn a deaf ear. Their belief in the Union, as superior to all other considerations, advantages, and bless- ings, amounts to a fanaticism, and might almost be dignified with the name of a reli- gion. No adverse circumstances shake their faith in the holy thing. The more unattain- able it appears, the more fondly and reve- rentialy they cling to it, and that anyone ex- cept an Englishman or other prejudiced foreigner, should imagine that it has perished irretrievably, seems to their minds to be madness in the many and crime in the few. As these ideologists form so large a portion of the American people, it is not surprising that some of them should at every supposed favour- able moment for the advocacy of their views obtain possession of Mr. Lincoln’s attention, and that to get rid of their importunity, if he do not share their opinions, he should allow them to try their “ prentice hands ” on the great art and mystery of pacification. All previous attempts of the kind have been sig- nal failures. Mr. Lincoln has never deputed any person of known character and responsi- bility to discover the real sentiments of the Southern Government, and such fifth-rate envoys as he has either permitted or encou- raged, but never authoritatively authorized, to visit the South for this purpose, have inva- riably returned with the same answer — that the South desired independence, and would fight for It to the last extremity. Nothing daunted, however, by these discomfitures, and nursing the baseless hope that the war has caused no such bitterness of hate as to prevent reconciliation, and that the South is really at its wit’s end, and in the position of a drowning man who will accept life, if he would accept no other favour, at the hands of an enemy, Mr. Francis P. Blair, the Nestor of American Whig policy, has renewed his attempt to reach Richmond. He was foiled in this purpose more than a week ago by the refusal of the Southern President to receive any missionaries of the kind who were not expressly deputed by Mr. Lincoln, and has now, it ap- pears, renewed the effort under more favour- able auspices, though under what exact con- ditions is not known to the public. It is idle to speculate upon the result. Mr. Blair may reach Richmond, or he may not ; he may be empowered to make a bonâ-fide proposition, or he may go for a Northern purpose rather than for a Southern one, and have calculated upon failure before he set out, and courted it with a view to ulterior objects of his own and Mr. Lincoln’s party. But if he returns with the news that the South is ready to negotiate for re-union, he will return with the most astounding and incredible intelligence of our time. The possible European recognition of Mr. Lincoln, on the 4th of March, as President only of those states by whose votes he was re-elected, is the fear that sets this singular machinery in motion, and that seems to render necessary an effort of some kind to learn from the South whether it is irrevocably determined on separation. As among individuals, so it is among nations. The sins of early days rise up in after times to clamour for judgment against the wrongdoer. The leading politi- cians of the dominant party recall their former utterances on the subject of the re- cognition by the United States of all de facto Governments, whether in Europe or America, and feel uneasy lest the European power should apply to them the doctrines they ap- plied to others. In the celebrated case of the United States against Peru, in which the Go- vernment of Mr. Buchanan hastily, but per- emptorily, recognized the revolutionary Go- vernment of that state, Mr. Black, the then Attorney- General, emphatically declared that “ it was the duty, the interest, and the inva- riable policy of the United States to recog- nize all de facto Governments.” Though the pamphlet in which Mr. Black’s argument was widely circulated has been as far as possible bought up and suppressed by the existing Government, it is to be found in the library of Congress, to give the weight of Mr. Black’s then unques- tioned and, as it appears, unquestionable, authority to the doctrine which the powers of Europe may now or hereafter see fit to embrace with reference to the South. Mr. Seward himself, too — a more important wit- ness than Attorney-General Black — may be placed in the witness-box to testify what were his opinions on a similar subject before he trammelled himself with the responsibili- ties of office. On the 9th of March, 1852, he proposed a resolution to the Senate, in which he set forth that the United States, “ In con- sideration of the exigencies of society, ha- bitually recognized de facto Governments,” and that a certain people, whom he named, had, in the “ exercise of a right secured to them by the laws of nations, in a solemn and legitimate manner as- serted their national independence, and established a Government by their own voluntary act, and successfully maintained it against all opposition by parties lawfully interested in the question, were fully entitled to their recognition by the United States ;” and that the Government which denied and combated their independence, which he also named, “ would have no casus belli against the United States,” if this recognition were forth- with and solemnly proclaimed. The people struggling at that time for independence were the Hungarians, and the opposing Govern- ment was that of Austria, and if the Mr. Seward of 1865 were the Mr. Seward of 1852 in principles and opinions, and looked upon facts with a vision undisturbed by party exigencies or national pride, it would task all his well-known ingenuity to prove that the Southern people had not even more solemnly and legitimately than the Hungarians asserted their national independence ; and that they had not far more brilliantly and successfully, and for a longer period of time, maintained it “ against all opposition by parties lawfully interested in the question.” The hope of one section of the Northern people and the fear of another that Euiopean recognition will shortly follow the entrance of the South into the path of negro emancipation lends additional interest to the bygone opinions of a statesman in the position of Mr. Seward. Doubtless, however, should the contingency arise, it will be dis- covered that the circumstances are not parallel, and that it was perfectly right for a republic to do against a monarchy that which it would be utterly wrong for a monarchy to do sgainst a republic. (FROM THE TIMES, JAN. 11.) It will be seen by the news from America which we publish this morning that the Con- federates have in their turn achieved a suc- cess which will be, at all events, some set-off against their reverse at Savannah. The first of the two accounts from Wilmington, upon which we commented on Monday, is now confirmed by despatches from Admiral Porter himself, and it is no longer doubtful that the great expedition so long threatened against that city has, for the present at least, com- pletely failed. There are, indeed, contra- dictory accounts as to the movement of the fleet under Admiral Porter’s command ; one report stating that he has returned to Beau- fort, North Carolina, to await further orders, the other asserting that the bombardment of the fort by the guns of the fleet still con- tinued. It is certain, however, that General Butler had returned to Fortress Monroe with part of his troops, and that the rest were following him. As the military force has thus been withdrawn, upon the open assertion of its commander that the fort attacked was impregnable to an assault, there can be no prospect of success from a a merely naval attack ; and if the fleet, therefore, was not immediately withdrawn, it can hardly fail soon to follow the land force. Wilmington, therefore, may consider itself safe from attack for some time to come. As to the details of the engagement, we have the advantage of possessing simulta- neously both the Northern and the Southern accounts. The official telegrams from Wil- mington contained in the Richmond papers were published in our impression of Monday, and it appears that a correspondent in our columns yesterday was right in the inference which he drew from a comparison of their dates, that the withdrawal of the expedition was already announced in them. The details as they are thus reported present many points of interest, and a fuller account will probably he very instructive. The point of attack was a series of works commanding the eastern inlet to Cape Fear River, about twenty miles below Wilmington. These are situated on the southern extremity of a narrow strip of land, the eastern side of which is open to the Atlantic, and, therefore, to the operations of the Federal fleet and army. The principal fortification — Fort Fisher — is described as “ a casemated earth- work,” of great power, mounting thirty-six heavy guns, some of them rifled, and having a range of more than three miles. This fort was the key of the position, and was the object of the Federal bombardment. The armament which made the attack was ex- tremely formidable. It consisted, according to the various accounts of the Federal press, of from fifty to eighty ships, carrying from 600 to 700 guns, some of them of the largest calibre ; and two divisions of the Federal army under General Butler accompanied the fleet. It is said that at least 200 guns could be brought to bear at one time upon the fort. If this be an accurate account, the complete failure of so extraordinary a force to make any consider- able impression upon an earthwork, however powerful, will be one of the most remarkable incidents of the war. The attack was opened on the day before Christmas Day by a novel expedient. A ship, containing between two and three hundred tons of gunpowder, was run on shore under the walls of the fort, and was there exploded. The effects anticipated from this explosion may be estimated from the fact that the whole amount of powder which produced the late terrible explosion at Erith was but fifty-five tons. It is said, indeed, that the idea was partly suggested by the account of that event. When we remember the tremeudous effect then pro- duced, and in particular the destruction of the river wall, it it extraordinary to hear that little effect was produced upon the works. It is still nore remarkable that the Confederate report from Wilmington of the same day speaks only of a “ furious attack,” and does not even mention the explosion. Immediately after this attempt a bombard- ment was commenced, and was continued throughout the day, an average fire being kept up, according to the Confederate ac- count, of no less that thirty shots a minute. The Confederates replied, it is said, slowly and deliberately, and at the end of the day they report their loss at only twenty-three men wounded. The bombardment was renewed on Sunday morning, and at the same time the co- operating force of General Butler effected a landing above the fort. The news of this lodgment was received with some anxiety in Richmond, but the Confede- rates were soon relieved. The troops made a reconnaissance in the rear of the fort the same evening, but found the works to be of such strength that an assault was impracti- cable. General Butler and his subordinate offi- cer decided, in fact, that the works were im- pregnable except by protracted siege opera- tions. These it was considered impossible to undertake, partly in consequence of the high sea which prevailed, and which made it diffi- cult to land the troops, and partly in conse- quence of the rapid advance of a force from Wilmington. The troops were therefore re- embarked on the Manday morning, and sent back to Fortress Moiroe. It would be premature to draw any infer- ences from the extraordinary defence thus offered by a single fort to so powerful a fleet until we have more detailed accounts of the engagoment ; but it is plain from these facts that the failure has been singularly complete. General Bragg reported to Mr. Davis on the evening of Monday that he had visited the fort and found “ the damage slight, except of the buildings not necessary for defence. Only two guns were disabled.” It is possible that the high sea which is said to have pre- vailed may have rendered the Federal fire thus ineffective ; but to whatever secondary causes the result may be attributed, the Confederates will naturally be greatly encouraged by so complete a success. It is not merely that they retain Wilmington — the loss of which would have been a serious blow to them — but they have at length made a conspicuous break in the tide of adverse events which has swept in upon them since the close of the active campaign in Virginia ; and the de- spondency which might have seized them in consequence of Sherman’s success and the failure of Hood will now, at least, receive a check. The vigour of the Federals will, in- deed, allow them no rest. At the same time that we hear of the abandonment of the attack on Wilmington, we learn that a mili- tary expedition has landed at Pascagoula, in Mississippi, and is marching on Mobile. The fall of this city, however, would not be of nearly the importance of the capture of Wil- mington, and the interest of the war will again centre for awhile with the three main Federal armies — those of General Grant, General Sherman, and General Thomas. As to the former, we only hear rumours that General Lee will shortly assume the offensive. It still remains to be seen to what purpose Sher- man proposes to put his capture of Savannah. At present he has only despatched a column southward on the line of the Albany and Gulf Railway, to endeavour, it is said, to re- lease the Union prisoners of war who were withdrawn from Millen at his advance. The Richmond papers speak of his contemplating a march northwards towards Virginia ; but a march through Souh and North Carolina would be a very different thing from a march through Georgia, and it is difficult to believe that such a design can be seriously enter- tained. Yet, except for operations in South Carolina, it is hard to see of what use an army can be in Savannah. A combined attack on Charleston may possibly take the place of the abortive expedition against Wil- mington ; but the Confederates ought to make that city cost more than it is worth. They have, no doubt, severe work before them in the course of this year ; but that, as Pre- sident Davis told them a little while ago, is only what they must expect. The question is not so much whether they can defeat the North in a series of campaigns, as whether they can and will resist sufficiently long, and with sufficient vigour, to weary out their ad- versaries. Some of their more sanguine leaders, indeed, appear to be not without hope that they may yet perhaps with the help of the negroes, succeed in turning the tide. At all events, none but a hasty judge, and one little swayed by the evidence of history, will see in mere military successes, either on one side or the other any necessary tendency towards a speedy termination of the war. ______________________________________ Singular Discovery. - A curious discovery has been brought under the notice of the public at the Poytechnic Institution. Pro- fessor Pepper prophesies that medical re- sults of the higlest importance will follow from it. But, howover this may be, there can be no doubt that it will receive the attention of the faculty of medicine, and become the subject of experiment in our hospitals and infirmaries. It occurred to a scientific gentleman - I am sorry to have to confess that I forget his name - to examine with the microscope the impression left on a piece of glass by the breathings of a num- ber of persons, he found that different figures or impressions were made by different breaths. He repeated the experiment, with similar results. This induced him to make drawings of the impressions, which drawings he submitted to Professor Pepper; and the professor, ever enthusiastic in the course of scientific discovery, has had the drawings copied upon glass, and now exhibits them, through the medium of the magic lantem, to the crowds who visit the Polytechnic. I have seen them ; and I can assure your readers that they are extremely interesting in a physiological point of view, and very curious even as matter of cursory observa- tion. One of them presents the appearance of a view in a kaleidescope. On the magni- fied disc presented to the spectators there appear an almost infinite variety of shapes and combinations - some like daggers, others resembling stars, others in flower-like form, &c.; These represent the breathings of dif- ferent individuals. Professor Pepper is of opinion that in cases of phthisis (consump- tion) ard other pulmonary complaints, ob- servations on the character of the forms in which the breath is deposited on a glass or other surface after omission from the langs will be most valuable. Certainly, it would be an extraordinnray discovery that a diagnosis on the state of one's lungs might be given from a microscopical observation of the par- ticular form assumed by the breath, as deposited on a sheet of glass, on emission from the month of the patient. As I haye named the Polytechnic and Professor Pepper, I may as well take this opportunity of men- tioning the marvellously effective manner in which the Fairy Tales of the Brothers Grimm are every day ilustrated at that institution. The fairies are produced by the same optical appliances as those by which the professor summons ghosts ; and the effects are really surprising. - London correspondent of the Liverpool Albion, Jan, 23, 