PRESIDENT LINCOLN'S FIRST DOLLAR. In Philadelphia, on the '24th ultimo, the hon. Wm. D. Ivelley, who was upon terms of intimacy with the late President Lincoln from the day of his election to that of his tragical death, delivered an address upon his life and character before the Girls' High and Normal School, in the course of which he related the following anecdote:-One evening in the executive chamber there were pre sent a number of gentlemen, among them Mr Seward. ,A point in the conversation suggesting the thought, Mr Lincoln said, "Seward, you never heard, did you, how I earned my first, dollar ? " "No," said Mr Reward. " Well,''- replied he, "I was about eighteen years of a'.;e. I belonged, you know, to what they call down South the 'scrubs' -people who do not own land- and slaves arc nobody there. But we had succeeded in raising, chiefly by my labor, sufficient produce, as I thought, to justify me in taking it down the river to sell. After much persuasion I got the consent of'mother to go, and constructed a little flat boat large enough to take the barrel or two of things we had gathered, with myself and little bundle, down to New Orleans. A steamer was coming down the river. We have, you know, no wharves on the western streams, and the custom was, if passengers were at any of the landings, for them to go out in a boat, the steamer stopping and taking them on board. I was contemplating my new flat boat, and wondering whether I could make it stronger or improve it in any particular, when two men came down to the shore in carriages with trunks, and looking at the different boats, singled out mine, and asked, 'Who owns this?' I an swered somewhat modestl}', ' I do.' 4 Will you,' said one of them, ' take us and our trunks out to the steamer ?' 4 Certainly,' said I. I was very glad to have the chance of earning something. I supposed that eacli would give me two or three mits. The trunks were put on my flat-boat, the passengers seated themselves on the trunks, and I sculled them out *o the steamboat. They got on board, and I lifted up their heavy trunks and put them on deck. The steamer was about to put on steam again, when I called out that the}' had forgotten to pay me. Each of them took from his pocket a silver half-dollar, and threw it on the floor of my boat. I could scarcely believe my eyes as I picked up the money. Gentlemen, you may believe it was a very little thing, and in these days it seems to me like a trifle ; but it was a most important incident in my life. 1 could scarcely credit that I, a poor boj', had earned a dollar in less than a day-that by honest work I had earned a dollar. The world seemed wider and fairer before me. I was a more hopeful and confident being from that day." Glasgow Herald. THE CRISIS.-In reference to the dead-lock, the Hamilton Spectator says:-"How ridiculous we shall appear to the home people. The Legislative Assembly of a colony numbering about as many as the inhabitants of a second-rate town in Eng land seriously claiming the right to revive a power which, it is contended, the House of Commons exercised 130 years ago, and wanting to go a little further and establish a precedent which the House of Commons never dreamt of. How we apples swim !' But really the humbug is too dangerous, and must be puf an end to. A conference must take place, and if the Governor cannot bring it about he is not fit for his place, and the sooner he leaves it the better. The Council, we believe, are prepared for a compro mise, and if that is the case the Assembly and the Ministry will not budge an inch, then we must e en try the result of a new Ministry and a new House. ' A NEW REMEDY FOR THE SMALLPOX-The Saracenia purpurea, or Indian cup, a native plant of Nova Scotia, which we mentioned some time ago as being the specific used by the Indians against the smallpox, bids fair to realise the ex pectations entertained by medical men of its effi cacy. In a letter addressed to the -American Medical 7;/«e,v, Dr F, W. Morris, Physician of the Halifax Visiting Dispensary, states that this Saracenia will cure smallpox in all its forms within twelve hours after the patient has taken the de coction. " However alarming and numerous the eruptions," he says, " or confluent and frightful they may be, the peculiar action of the medicine is such that very seldom is a scar left to tell the stor}r of the disease. If either vaccine or varioccus matter is washed with the infusion of the plant, they are deprived of their contagions properties! So mild is the medicine to the taste that it may be largely mixed with tea and coffee, and given to connoisseurs in these beverages to drink without being aware of the admixture. The medicine has been successfully tried in the hospitals of Nova Scotia, and its use will be continued." Gali^nani. DOG AXD CAT.-Canine affection for the pre servation of life will be illustrated bv the follow ing remarkable incident:-About twelve o'clock on Saturday last some mischievous bovs threw over the Maula-hill Bridge, Kilburn-road, a large black cat, evidently with the iutention of drown ing it. The cat, with as mam^ lives as it is tra ditionally reputed to have, struggled hard for life, and for some minutes endeavored to keep its head above water ; however, when Puss was about to give up the ghost a gentleman happened to be passing with a good-sized terrier dog, and at once directed the dog's attention to the difficulty of poor Puss ; the gallant terrier at once dashed in and swam to the rescue, but his friendly efforts were met with such "clawish'' embraceinents that several times he was obliged to retire. At length, after watching his opportunity, he seized the cat by the thick end of the tail, and amidst the cheers of the bystanders, brought Puss ashore. A case of this kind is probably not on record. jWield, 26th May. THE IRISH IN CANADA.-The Hon. T. M'Gee, Minister of Agriculture in Canada, who has come over to Ireland as one of the Canadian com missioners, addressed a crowded meeting of all parties in Wexford, his native town, on Monday night, his subject being " Twenty Years, Ex perience of Irish Life in America." The address is reported in the Evening 3Iuil of yesterdaj', and it is every way so admirable, and contains so much valuable information, that I think a brief outline of it will be acceptable to your readers, and useful to the Irish at home and abroad. i\Ir M'G-ee was one of the leading members of the Young Ireland party, and one of its ablest writers. He was a refugee in 1848, and settled in the United States Politically," he says, 44 the Yong Irelanders were a pack of fools," but they were honest in their folly and no man need blush at fort}' for the follies of of twenty-one. In a short time he removed to Montreal, where he has spent nearly twenty years of his lile and risen to a high and influential position. Speaking of the position of the Irish in the United States, he declares, as the result of his experience, that there is no more sympatic in the United States for Ireland than for Japan, and far less than for Russia. In the New England States the people, tinctured with Puritanism, proud of their property and of their education, 44 hate the Irish Catholic emigrant for his creed deppisc him for his poverty, and underrate him for his want of book learning." In the middle states they have made themselves disliked by coming roughly into competition with native labour, by jostling native respectability at the polls, and by cruelly and in sanely arraying themselves agiinst the negro; hence the Irish of this generation, their numbers' | and . industry considered," " are socially and politically the weakest community in the Republic weaker than the negroes themselves in the Free States." Mr. M'Gee concurs with other witnesses that the Irish emigrants become rapidly demoralised in the United States. If they prosper, they mistake insolence fo independence, and blasphemy for freedom of speech. But a large proportion do not prosper, but g-> to destitution ; and he says that it would be better when they were about to embark, that the earth should swallow many an ingenious youth, and many a modest maiden, than that they should be what they are in the streets and prisons of the United States, In Canada, morally and socially, the Irish are in a better position. \- It will be recollected that a short time ago a gentleman of color was admitted to the American bar. His professional brethren, however, will not tolerate his presence in their company at the House. f 