MAITLAND MERCURY. Thursday, November 30, 1865. THE CRISIS IN VICTORIA. It is not at all times easy to discern tbo precise point at which firinnes3 degenerates into obsti- nacy. There is, however, no difficulty at all in perceiving that the first of these terms-a term of praise-is utterly inapplicable to the conduct of the Victorian Government, which lias been, and still is, characterised by a persistence, shifty and dogged, iu the attempt to override the con- stitution, and revolutionise the administration of affairs in that colony. The attempt has been so open and in fact ostentatious, that the nominal end which the Government had at first in view has been shut out of sight. The introduction of a tariff framed to secure the support of the pro- tectionists was the aim with which the Govern- ment started. That aim has been merged in a deliberate assault upon the independence of the Legislative Council ; and from a verbal assertion of the alleged sole rights and powers of the Assembly, the Executive has proceeded to the extremity of acting upon its own motion, independently of the Legislature, torturing the law, when practicable, to suit its own purposes, and when even this could not be done, setting the law aside to carry into effect its own arbitrary will. And at this stage of the downward journey the ministers propose to ap- peal to the country. The course of the elections will be watched with much interest. The ques- tion at issue will not be free trade or protection, much as it may be the wish of the Government to raise that issue, and escape under cover of a cloud of its own creating. There has never yet, we apprehend, been a time in these colonies when the soundness of manhood suffrage has been put to a sharper test. The people will havo to decide, as a member of the Victorian Assembly puts it, whether the country is to be governed according to law and the constitution, or according to the arbitrary will of the ministry of the day. And if, as it has been asserted, the feeling of the country is really in favour of protection, and therefore favourable, instead of adverse, to the instalment of that system embodied in the Go- vernment tariff, the country will have to decide whether to retain in power the men who would introduce the system into operation by unlawful means, or whether they should not rather be driven from power, whatever their fiscal policy, for the simple reason that by brealcing the law they have proved themselvos unfit to administer it. There is no doubt of this, that the head and front of their offending is their contempt of the constitution ; and for that contempt they should be judged and dealt with by free- traders and protectionists alike. "Wo hear it said occasionally that to adopt a retrograde commer- cial policy must damage a colony in the esti- mation of the statesmen and (what is more important) the money-lenders at home. But the victory of free-trade would tell less in fluentially than the victory of constitutional government ; the more fact of the introduction and adoption by the legislature of the obnoxious tariff would appear as nothing to the few at home who, on 'Change and elsewhere, trouble themselves with colonial politics,- when com- pared with the enforcement of that tariff for month after month without the authority of the legislature, and in defiance of judgments of the Supreme Court. And should the country con- done this offence, and with it the collu- sive trickery by which, under the warrant of got-up judgments against the Crown, the Government has obtained money to pay tho civil servants, and keep the public de- partments going, a harder blow will be struck at the credit of the colony than could be struck by any constitutional departure from sound principles, however mistaken or however injurious in its tendencies. Public confidence in the stability of the colonial institutions will bo shaken ; public faith in the honor of the colony will be weakened ; repudiation will be seen to be in no way impossible wi til a people that sanctions the open violation of constitu- tional law by the men whose duty it is to administer it, backed as they are by the support of a section of the legislature. Politicians at liqmc, cognisant of the fact that the colonial legislature derives its powers as well as its existence from statute law that is open to legitimate amendment, will set a low value in- deed upon the political character of the com imunity if the general election should result in the triumph of the men by whom amendment has been replaced by revolution. It is not the Executive alone that is to blame in this matter. Tho Assembly is responsible for playing into the hands of the Ministers, by conspiring with them to rob the Council of its just influence in the State. Under oolour of defending its own privi- leges* the Assembly has attempted to appropriate to'itself alone, privileges that belong to the Council. The way was open for altering o» de- claring tile law in accordance with the views of the Assembly. Had a bill been passed by the Assembly to declare beyond cavil the sole right of that body to deal with money bills, its rejec- tion by the Council might have been followed .by an appeal to the people, and the réintroduc- tion of the measure thereafter j and the clearly .ascertained will of the country would in the end ? havo embodied itself in law. But this was too 'slow a process for the Ministry and their ma- jority. -Thoy preferred to force the Council to abandon its claims, first by tacking -to the Tariff the Appropriation Bill, 'so as to make the' composite measure "a 'measuro that must he passed to save the country from confusion; and then the Assomblyre vfused to pass another Appropriation Bill if the "tariff were not assented to. This failed to .coerce the Upper House, and then it was dis- covered by the Government that after all the .^Appropriation Act could be dispensed with, or, in other words, that the ghost conjured up to 4 frighten the Council was a mero scooped turnip. The'subsequent passing of the Tariff Bill, to be -submitted in a separate form to the Council, was virtually an admission of the Council's right to reject it, and of the Assembly's wrong in taking steps to overawe the Council into an assent to | the measure. The Government aud the Assembly, in introducing and passing the second Tariff Bill, so far confessed their wrong that the rescission of the rash resolutions pledging the Assembly not to pass another Appropriation Bill should have followed as a matter of course. Btít these resolutions remain, the Govern- ment takes advantage of them, and the Government and the Assembly are alike responsible for the consequences. A former supporter of the Government moved the other day, in the Assembly, " That in the opinion of this house the present action of the Government, in relation to the existing crisis, is not calculated to bring the disordered state of public affairs to a speedy and satisfactory conclusion." The motion was defeated .by a majority of thirty seven to twenty-six. lathe course of the debate the Treasurer admitted that the object of the Government was to maintain the power of the Assembly over the public purse ; and the Attorney-General expressed his belief that the elections would turn on the question whethcV the people are to regulate the finances of the country by means of their representatives in the Assembly or by means of a continual conflict of authority between the two houses of the legisla- ture. The majority who voted for the Govern- ment thus virtually affirmed the opinion that the exclusive claims of the Assembly are best' to be maintained, that the present crisis is best to be brought to a* conclusion, and that the continual conflict of authority between the two chambers is best to be prevented,-not by the constitutional process of effecting a change in the Constitution A*ct, but by an extra constitutional combination of force and trickery that virtually admits the rights of the Council, and yet seeks to paralyse the Council in their exercise until the power shall be lost by want of usage. 