VICTORIA. , WB continue our extracts from the Melbourne papers to the 9th instant. ¡ It aprenrs (fays the Age of that date), that wo expected too much in (opposing that the tariff would be peimitted to leave the Lower Houso without encountering^ a serious attack horn those who constitute the Opposition in the Assimbly. Differing from each other in almost every other respect, lbej lore unanimous in denouncing every measure vihith may be brought forward fer properly carrying on the business of ' the country ; and they persist in raising crotchets and quibbles about parliamentary practice, os u the public were not already sick of the platitudes by which the' settlercent as this question has been deferred. Foiinerly, the Ministry were assailed for not sending np tho bills separately ; and now that they can do so, without discredit, they aro attacked just as virulently as ever. It will, of course, bo nothing new or surprising to find this spirjt manifested by thoEO whe have invariably stood out against the tariff as a matter of pelicy ; but we must look for feme mmo subtle and sinister purpose in order to account for Ihe bitterness with which Mr. Graham Berry labours to rerdcr the passage of the tariff difficult, if not impossible. Nothing will content this honorable gentleman but the humiliation of the Ministry-seeing ho is not of it-although this moy involve the loss of the measure, for which he for- merly displayed such vehement zeal. Nobody can know better then he that tho Government have not receded from their position, and that the very suspicion that thoy hod done eo would weaken the influence upon which they rely for getting the bill through the Upper House. Yet he exhausts his ingenuity in endeavouring to prove that they have violated the law, lowered the dignity of the Legislature, and practically justified the antagonism of the Legislative Council. If Mr. Berry himself alone j were conceined in this matter, we might safely leave him I to bo dealt with by his constituents ; and his conduct only I dererves attention from the effect it may possibly have upon the manner in which the tariff will be received by the peers. If Ihe members of the Upper House discuss the tariff upon its|»erits, small thanks wal be due to those who are suggesting arguments, absurd though they be, upon which it ought to DO again laid aside or rejected without any discussion at all. How can wo wonder if quibbles cup up in the "legal mind" of Mr, Fellows, when the congenial task of objection has been commenced in the Assembly by those whe profess to be desirous'of promoting the public interest, but who are really animated vy a fac- tious opposition to the Government, irrespective o« the tariff altogether ? j The same paper states that, on Wednesday, a most deplorable case of destitution was brought under the notice of the city police court. A poor woman, named Margaret Reynolds, applied for relief on behalf of herself and six children. She stated that her husband deserted her nearly four months ago, since which time she had done all she could to support herself and family rcspectably. Her exertions, however, at length failed her, and she then parted with every article of property she possessed in order to find bread for her starving children. They had now nothing left except the clothes they wore, and she was there- fore compelled to solicit public sympathy and assistance. Mr. Sturt remarked that this was only one of a number of such cases very constantly brought before him, and he had given instructions to have it heard in Court, so that the benevolent public might be made aware of the fearful amount of destitution and privation which was endured by a very large class of the community. Many poor females, whose husbands were either in gaol, or had left them, and were tramping about the country in search of employment, were left, with their little ones, in an absolute state of starvation, Most of the charitable institutions were so crowded that they were obliged to refuse admittance to many persons who were suffering both from poverty and disease. They had positively refused to take any more at the Immigrants' Home in consequence of their crowded condition; the poor-box would not meet the demands made upon it, and he had - no other alternative than to send the children to the industrial schools. He, therefore, ordered five of Mrs. Reynolds's children to be transmitted thither. The applicant here gave way to a burst of grief, and declared that the would rather starve with, than be separated from, her offspring. Mr, Sturt told her that he could offer her no other assistance, whereupon she left the court and took her children with her, the eldest of which is only thirteen years of age. His Worship then stated that there was still a worse case than that to be dealt with. A Mrs. Dickson, who was at pre- sent in the hospital, had been deserted by her husband eighteen months ago, and he had left her eight children to provide for, who were in such a wasted condition that they were reduced to nothing but skin and bone. Mr. Duross intimated that the number of children in the industrial schools had now increased to 800, new arrivals being admitted nearly every day from various parts of the colony. The j)nyhfford Mercury says :- In answer lo a question ficm Mr. Drummond, in tha police court, on Tuesday morning, Mr. Culkin stated that when a prisoner was sen- tenced to incarceration with "hard labour" a better diot waa allowed to him, fhan if the words "hard labour" wero not attached to' the sentence ; but no extra labour imposed, as all prisoners were subjected to the one treatment. In the English gaols .' hard labeur " does not exiBt in fancy alone, but ia one of the most severe punishments that a prisoner can be sentenced to, excepting, of course, capital punishment, Perhaps, if the English system of " hard labour" were (adopted in our colonial gaols, a good effect would be produced upon habitual partakers of her Majesty's hospitality. | , , On the 8th instant, a deputation from Ballarat waited upon Mr. Grant, and presented a memorial from applicant« desiring that a portion of tho Ballarat town common should be »ade available' for the selection of twenty-acre licensee. I The aita «f the cannon i« WOO acres, but osly 2(M Mitr' » were nthcd lo be thrown open. The application had been refne ed by tho commifsion appointed to investigntesuch, claims, but tho deputation contended that the commission had tot fully entered into the meritB of the case, and thoy wiehed foi n re-hearing. _ Mr. Giant promised to refer the matter back to the commission for their report. The Bihñujo Xtcning Ifitva ol Wednesday mentions that "it is lunie.urcd that a gentleman, lately connected with the carrying and sborcbroking business, has quitted Sand- hurst rather abruptly, and to tho annoyance of his creditors." The 6eeh»g Jtegtster states that " miraculous draughts of fisbcB, principally schnapper, are being caught just now by tho Queenscliff fishermen. Mr. Stoneman-who has a contract with the Queenscliff Fishermen'« Association for conveying the fish from the cliff to the railway station at Geelong-brought up, the ether evening, forjy-seven baeketfuls, each basket weighing, probably, from eighty to ninety pounds." The Maldigo Independent reports another melancholy accident, which took place on Tuesday morning, at the lower Grassy Flat Reservoir, by which John Alexander, a wood-carter residing at New Chum Gully, an old mon of seventy- five years of »go, well known in Sandhurst, lost his life. Tho deceased and a son had been carting slabs from come five miles beyond the Bull's Head Inn. In passing, tney went to the reservoir to water their horses, but in consequence of the large quantity of water Pately drawn off, the sloping bed of the reservoir was nearly all dry, the , bank at a distance of about a couple of feet from the edge of the water sinking pre- cipitately down to a . depth of six or eight feet, (he earth forming the embankment having boen exca- vated from what is now under water. Apparently not knowing this, Alexander had allowed his horse to wade in a little, when he at once got beyond his depth, taking the cart in which deceased was sitting after him. ' On the wheels reaching the edge of the deep cutting, the cart was capsized, falling over the deceased, who, from his appear anco when taken out of the water, must have been pressed down among the mud at the bottom. The son i could net ' swim, and it is doubtful, even if ho had ' been able to do so, whether he could possibly have rendered any efficient assistance. He ran for help to come men working near. They and others were speedily on the spot. One of the boats on the reser- voir was floated, and every effort made to save the deceased, but upwards of two hours elapsed before his body was re- covered, when life was of course extinct. The horse, in the meantime, had been drowned, and had, with the cart, to be dragged out before the'body of tho deceased could be raised. An inquest was held in the afternoon, and tho juiy returned* a verdict of "Accidental death from diowning." The Argus says :-A little boy, about five years of age, sen of Mr. Honey, a miner at Mount Egerton, wandered into the bush which abounds in the locality, on the afternoon of 1 hursday, tho 26th ultimo. As he did not return that evening, his'parents became extremely anxious about his safely ; and on the three following days a search was made for him by a number of persons, but without success. Ultimately, however, the child travelled to Morrison's diggings, distant about twelve or thirteen miles from the M cunt, where he was found by some of the residents of that place on Sunday afternoon. He states that " he taBl ed nothing during the timo but a little gum which ho licked from the trees; that he saw a trooper and some other men who were in search of him riding about in the buih, but that he was afraid, and hid himself in the hollow of a tree." While all sporting men will regret the loss which the Turf of the colony hat, sustained in the fatal accident which happened to Frolic in the Derby Race, there is a sort of melancholy satisfaction in knowing that the injuries sus taint d were caused by nothing but a mischance. The fol- io« ing is a summary oi the report by Mr. James Leith, V S, on the subject :-" Tho result of tho post-mortem ex- amination made by Mr. JumcB Leith, V.S., on Mr. Dow liug'B colt Frolie, was fracturo of the shoulder a little above the neck of the scapula, and also rupture oi the diaphragm." -Aigus, A lad, named Colin C. Dick, was brought up before the City Cmit, last Wednesday, on remand, charged with fi-rgirg two cinques in tho name of Bligh and HarboUle, nu reíante, and one in thoname of M'Meckanand Black wcod, merchants and shipowners. Prisoner had boen in the en.plny of both th'cso firms. Ho was committed for trial on each of the charges. . On tbo 8th instant, a bazaar in aid of St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage WBB opened in St, George's Hull. Lady Den, Miss Stewart, MIB. Perryman, Mr. Herberte, and Mesrrs. Donaldson and Amery, assisted at the inauguration, which wus witnessed by alargo and iashionablo assemblage, and the effortB of the vc calista seemed to bo highly appre- ciated The ney lum at Emerald Hill maintains 226 orphans, and the ol jeCt of the bazaar is to raiBO a sum equal to one thitd oi the amount of 'the grant in aid, this leing the condition under which the money is voted. The- Malls are all handsomely furnished, and the promoters of the undertaking are sanguine of clearing £1000 during the four dava on which tho bazaar is to remain open. The At at at Adurtiser Bays:-"Wo are happy to hear, norn the reports of travellers, that tho drought has not visited alike all the pastoral lands in this part of the country. The feed to tho southward of Mount William is taid to be lobking splendid, and not yetto havo finished "glowing; very different accounts, we foor, will be received furn the Mallee country, and, in fact, in rcforcncc to most of the land to the northward and north-west of Pleasant Crrek." Nuggets of veiy agreeable dimensions still frequently furn up in the Ballarat district. Two very fine specimens, one twenty-eight and tho other fifteen ounces, ord at pre- sent biing exhibited at Messrs. Kilpatrick's, of Culllns stteet West, comprising a portion of 215 oz. 18£ dwts., the ktit fortnight's yield of 6rant and Company's claim, at Bolcv cod.-Age. A \erj singular occurrence is thus reported by Tuesday's Al at at Adttrther :-"Wesupposo it is pretty generally li town and admitted that tho tendency which all anin-als have t? follow a leader is developed in n*> species so much as in tho sheep ; but we believe that even in thin pastoral country tho strength of deitlojnient which this instinct possesses in these animals is not generally known. One of tho most remarkable illus- trations of this characteristic which we have ever heard of occuncd with a flock of sheep, about a week ago, belonging toa squatter ¿n tho Wimmera. A large mob of about 4000 weie tuised out of the sheds, after being Bhorn, to bo shop heided on the side of a creek where the grass grew more abundantly than on the plains farther bock. While depas- turing around or near a very largo and deep holo in the river bed, from which all the water had evaporated, one of the flick, urged by tome unaccountable impulse, jumped im oit; onother followed, and another, till the whole flock ruihid to the spot ; and notwithstanding every exertion on the i art of the shepherd, they pressed en >,iasse into the iatge basin till it waa literally filled with a moving mass of animal life. The pressing of the flock from behind ruiricud escape impossible, until the hole was literally filled to its level with the struggling sheep. When the mai ia died out-for during its continuance tho shepherd had not the 'elighteet control over the flock-they were driven from the place, but it was found that no less than S25 were smothered, or otherwise killed by the pressure. Ibis accident'seems tho more unaccountable, as there was neither water nor grass in the hole to tempt the rush." The Geelong Advertiser' says that" inquiries are being made for the whereabouts of Mr. George Patteeon, who is believed to have been a clerk in the Bank of Australasia, Geelmg, in the years 1856-7, under an assumed name. Be ia described as being "about 5 feet 11 inches in height, well-proportioned, and strongly built, had broad open fore- head, stiaight nose, large mouth, light grey eyes, ruddy complexion, brown hair, and is now about forty years of ape.'' Under the will of his uncle, the late Edward WÜBon li abone, of Birmingham, Mr, Pattison is entitled to a con eidiioble sum of money. A SNAKE UNDER, THE SOFA,-On Thursday, a snake, five feet long, was found beneath a sofa in one. of the sitting rot ms at Beckworth Court, near Clunes. Mrs. Sherlock wes conversing with Mrs. Nichol and Mrs. Bell, of Talbot, wben hiB enakeship emerged from beneath the sofa into the presence of the" three ladies. Mrs, Sherlock, nothing dapnted, used her riding-whip with such good effect.that in the space of 'a few moments the interloper gave up the ghost, It appears that the same reptile was seen the day previous by one of the female servants, outeide the door of the house, and an alarm was given, hut it escaped ; and, although an active search waa instituted, its whereabouts could not then be discovered.-Talbot Leader, November 7. DREADFUL ACCIDENT.-On Sunday, a little boy of the name of Hackett, about seven or eight years old, residing at ¡be higher end of Brooke-street, WBB hurt in a most shock- ing manner by a kick from his father's horse. He received tho full force of the blow on the loft side of his face. The bosewss broken into a number of pieces, and Bovorolof these were driven into the eye. Upon examination, Dr. Crosland, who was called in, found that tho pupil was burst and the sight gone for ever, and he extracted several pieces of bone, one piece from quite at the back of the eye, The poor little sufferer experiences great pain, and there are but slight hopes that he will recover, the shock to tho system being eo great.-Inglewood Advertiser, Novem- ber 7. 