A RUSTIC LOVE STORY. JONATHAN SPROUTS AND PHŒBE SKIMMER. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER II. "WALK this way, Mr. Sprouts," said Mr. Skimmer, proceeding towards the house. "What have you got in your bag? Excuse me for asking, but if it's anything that can run away, bring it inside." "It's a foine ripe water melon. I carr'd on over from our gar- den, 'cos I'd a notion Miss Phœbe ud like to have en. I loike en uncommon; they be rate noice things to eat in warm weathur loike this," replied Jonathan, turning up the bag as he spoke, and rolling the green monster to the feet of his deary, who smiled and said, "thankee Mr. Sprouts, I am very fond of melons." "Take a seat on the sofa," said Mr. Skimmer, when they had entered a snug littie parlour, neat as hands could make it. "I'll just go and have a wash, and put on my coat. I'll be with you again in a few minutes; make yourself happy." Accordingly Jonathan seated himself, and while his host was at his toilet, and Phœbe was helping the handy little maid of all- work in the kitchen, he busied himself in taking stock of the comforts around him. The house, though small, was very con- venient, and scrupulously clean in every part. There was not an atom of dust, or a cobweb to be seen, and all the furniture shone like a blackfellow's face. "Her be's a tidy wench, sure enough," muttered Jonathan to himself, as he gazed around in smiling admiration on the tokens of good housewifery, which were everywhere apparent, "I believe her do amost bate my dear ould mother, and sister Suke. I wish they could see this room, darn'd if I don't! They wouldn't bother me any more to send for Dolly Daysel, I'll warrant." Though it is commonly reported that "love is blind," I doubt if it would have blinded Jonathan to the reasonable deduction, that he could have very little domestic comfort with Phœbe for his wife—however comely her person—had he seen evidence of slovenliness, wastefulness, and a lack of cleanliness, which is too often seen in country homes, and in town homes, too. Jonathan, though as shy as a wild turkey, was nevertheless shrewd enough, in his quiet way, as most Devonshire boys are—and much as he had admired Phœbe Skimmer's neat appearance out of doors, had he observed anything to indicate that she was a "dolly" indoors, he would have resigned her to some lover less mindful of such important matters, and would have tried to subdue his passion, like a sensible man, while he looked elsewhere for a suitable wife. An intimate friend of mine—many years ago—fell suddenly in love with a young lady whom he had met at a picnic. She was the belle of the party; and, in her flowing riding habit and feathery hat, she looked like Diana, or some other goddess. The first glance of her love- striking eyes went through his susceptible heart, like silver skewers; and her lisping tongue and sonorous laughter tickled his ears like cuckoo's feathers. For nine days his heart was in a simmer of adoration for Miss Birdy; and all the world seemed sad and dreary without her. On the tenth day he called at her mother's mansion in the forenoon, and found his Dulcinea en dishabille, lolling on the drawing-room couch, sighing herself sick over a sensational novel, entitled the "Blighted Heart, or the Midnight Vow," and looking the image of lacka- daisical laziness; while everything around and about her evidenced slovenliness, disorder, and genteel dirt. "How are you to-day, Miss Birdy!" asked my friend, as he entered the room, with a fluttering heart and knocking knees. "I'm very poorly," replied the young lady, languidly raising herself into a sitting posture, and hurriedly hiding the book beneath the sofa cushion; gasping the while with the exertion, like a little duck trying to swallow a nutmeg: then in a dieaway drawl she began to describe the bodily aches and the mental pains which she was doomed to endure, but which my friend—who was rather a sagacious youth—at once saw were whims and fancies, produced by want of proper exercise of body and mind. He felt strongly inclined to recommend her to put on her morning wrapper, and go to work to rub the thick dust and candle spots off her piano, and put the otherwise untidy room to rights: then to go into the kitchen and exercise herself with the rolling-pin and pastry board, while she heated the oven with the "Blighted Heart," and scores of similarly heartsickening books, which littered her boudoir, and with which she had foolishly lumbered her mind, and made herself miserable. My friend was too court- eous, however, thus plainly to express his sentiments to a young lady with whom he was so slightly acquainted; but he wisely acted upon his judgement of her character, which that interview afforded, and did not in anyway express his feelings to her. In a short time his hastily-formed attachment entirely succumbed to the sober reasonings of common sense; at a month's end his love for Miss Birdly had flown away, and his heart was again his own. In due course he married a sensible young lady, accomplished and domesticated, and has since enjoyed many years of conjugal happiness. Miss Birdy married too, and although her husband's income was trebly sufficient for a stylish establishment, her extravagance and utter want of management—in less than seven years—hopelessly involved him in pecuniary difficulties. But to return to my story, from which I have digressed. In a short time Mr. Skimmer returned to the parlour, in his best tweed coat, and put an end, for a time, to Jonathan's speculations. Soon afterwards Phœbe—in a neat afternoon dress—took her seat at the tea table, which was garnished with a ham of her own curing, a loaf of her own baking, and some nice fresh butter of her own churning; which interesting facts Jonathan adroitly ascertained in the course of the social meal. Many were the lov- ing glances which stole out of the comers of his eyes towards her, as she sat behind the big tin teapot; and when she asked him if his tea was agreeable he was going to say, "that it would be as sweet as mead, even if she had only looked at it, and had forgot- ten to sugar it,"—only he was afraid to attempt such a long speech. After tea, Mr. Skimmer and Jonathan smoked a pipe to- gether, and chatted about cattle and cart wheels, and many other topics which they mutually understood, while Phœbe sat and listened, and at the same time nimbly plied her needle and thimble in the necessary repairs to some of her father's working shirts. About nine o'clock Jonathan bade farewell to his kind friends, and trudged away homeward in the face of the full moon, with his heart full of love and pleasing anticipations, for he had ascertained, in a way unmistakably plain, though difficult to ex- plain, that he had found favour in Phœbe's eyes; and he had also satisfied himself that she was an industrious and thoroughly domesticated young woman; just the wife for him, and the very identical girl that his mother and sister Suke would have chosen. Jonathan had been scarcely twelve months in the colony, yet he had saved nearly thirty pounds (out of his pound a week with board and perquisites), besides sending ten pounds to his mother; which is a pretty good proof of his steady, sober habits. As he went on his way, he was busy in forming plans for the future, for he was too wise even to think of hurriedly rushing into matri- mony, before he had the means of providing a comfortable home; he had seen too much misery ensue from such indiscretion. His master had promised him an advance of wages after Christmas, and he estimated that by the end of another year he would be worth seventy pounds, at least. Then he went into a calculation on the cost of a domestic outfit, and by the time he had arrived at his master's gate, he had arrived at the conclusion that he might reasonably hope to marry Phœbe in twelve or fifteen months. How to enter upon the love-making preliminaries with her was the next subject of his cogitation, which he had not decided before he was fast asleep on his little bachelor bed. Soon after Jonathan left, Phœbe put on her hat, and skipped across the paddock to Betsy Brown's back gate, and in con- fidential whispers told her friend the particulars of Jonathan's visit, and all the encouraging things her father had said about him, after he had gone. She furthermore said that "she had made up her mind to take him," for better or worse, if he offered himself; for he was the nicest man she had ever seen, except poor Barney. who had broken his neck on the Homebush Racecourse five years before. All the ensuing year, Phœbe Skimmer was constantly in Jonathan's thoughts, and no matter how or where he was engaged, her pretty image was ever before his eyes. Day and night he cudgelled his brain to devise some means for making known his love for her; and to get an acknowledgment from her that it was reciprocal. But he was an utter stranger to all con- ventional forms and phrases. He knew how he felt, but he lacked the power lo explain his feelings. He could ride a kicking colt without a saddle, and could do many other things requiring nerve and energy to effect; but he could not even look at Phœbe Skimmer without feeling as shaky as a girl at a ghost. It was not fear, however, that made him shake; he was not a coward, but it was an unaccountable creeping sensation which came over him and which he was powerless to conquer or to control. Many bashful boys will understand his feelings without any further ex- planation from me. One morning, as he was hilling up some young cauliflowers and chipping out the couch grass between the rows, an idea struck him all at once, and he began to think it out there and then. "Nation hard stuff to get out of the ground, is this couch grass," thought Jonathan. "It's just like love; when it gets into a fellow's heart, it creeps all over him, with its thousand roots; and burned if he can get it out any how." Thus he resolved upon using that familiar figure to convey the state of his mind to Phœbe. She knew what couch grass was, he was sure, for he had seen lots of it choking the marigolds in her little front garden; and he thought she knew what love was too, so she would readily understand his parabolic addresses. He would go over to her house next Saturday, and trim her garden beds, and then tell her that his heart was overgrown with love, and was in danger of being stifled, like her marigolds were with couch grass, if she did not promise to be its keeper for life. Pleased with the happy concoction, Jonathan composed a few sentences, embodying the idea in his own vernacular, and rehearsed them as he prosecuted his varied duties day after day, until he felt assured that he had learnt them off, and could say them to Phœbe with- out a stammer. Directly after dinner on the following Saturday, he trimmed himself up extra smart, and putting (with his master's per- mission) a large bunch of turnip radishes and some prime young cucumbers into the gunny bag, off he set with hasty steps to- wards the dairyman's house. As he approached it, he saw his precious Phœbe, with a bucketful of frothing new milk, walking from the stockyard to the dairy, and looking like a bright star in the "Milky Way." "Good afternoon, Mr. Sprouts," was Phœbe's cheerful salute as he drew near, ruddy with health and the effect of his quick march across the swamps with the bag on his back. "Good afternoon, Miss Phœbe,—I bean't used to be called Mister, and it sounds queer loike. I do wish thee'd call me Jonathan, stead of Mister Sprouts." "Do you? Very well, then, I'll call you Jonathan," said Phœbe, with a smile and a blush, "it's a very nice name." Jonathan was just about to begin his prepared address, but checked himself by the recollection that it would be premature just then: he must trim up her garden beds, before she would see the lull force of the grassy figure, with which he hoped to strike her, into yielding tenderness, and ease his own breast at the same time. So, after presenting her with the contents of his sugar bag he offered—if she would furnish him with a hoe and a rake—to trim up her bit of garden, while she was gone into town with her milk. After a pleasant interchange of protests, against giving trouble, and taking trouble, Phœbe brought the hoe and rake, and Jonathan went to work with a will among the marigolds, sunflowers, and other flowers, which were sadly overrun with weeds and couch grass. Phœbe looked admiringly on for a minute or two. and then went into the dairy to prepare her milk for market; which process it would be scarcely proper for me to detail. About five o'clock—nearly on hour earlier than usual—Phœbe returned, with the old white horse covered in lather and bruises, and her brother Bob looking quite fatigued with his exertions with the whip and reins. Jonathan had wrought a surprising change in her garden during her absence, and was still busy weeding, when she walked up the centre path, and expressed her great satisfaction at his handiwork. "Now's my time," thought Jonathan, who had been muttering his prepared address all the afternoon. "Now'6 the time to clinch the nail." "Phœbe, dos't thee see this couch grass?" he timidly asked, striking his rake vehemently into a heap of weeds just beside him; "dos't thee see this tough wiry stuff, lass?" "Ye—yes—Jonathan," said Phœbe rather puzzled at his sudden change of manner, "I see it," of course, she replied, gaz- ing at him, enquiringly. "What is the matter with it?" "Couch .gross, is—is a—wiry weed—my—stom—no—my breast is chock full of it—no no, I don't mean that, burn it! Its nation ugly stuff; a—a—choke a pig—a—couch grass—um— aw. Blained if I know what I was going to say at all. I'm dazed, sure enough!" stammered poor Jonathan, colouring to the tip of his ears, and shaking like a frost-bitten sailor: then added in ail excited tone, "Dos't thee loike artichokes, lass?" "I don't know," replied Phœbe timidly, shrinking back a few paces as the idea that her lover was drunk, filled her mind with disgust and surprise; for she had a natural horror of drunkards, and she had previously entertained the belief that Jonathan was a thoroughly sober man; so she replied, rather sharply, "that she did not know anything about artichokes;" then hurriedly with- drew to the house, and whispered her suspicions to her father, while her eyes filled with tears. "Drunk, girl!" exclaimed Mr. Skimmer with warmth. "Pooh! nonsense! The lad is as sober as old Daisy in the shed yonder. Has'nt he been working away there all the afternoon, as if he were earning double wages, while I have been sitting beside him? not a drop of anything stronger than skim milk has he tasted since he came here; that I'll warrant. Drunk indeed! what next will you fancy, girl?" "Well then I'm afraid he is crazy, father," said poor Phœbe, wiping her eyes with her little white apron. "Bother you girl! I shall believe you are downright mad directly," said Mr. Skimmer, pettishly. "The lad is hungry, that's what is the matter with him, I'll be bound: so go and get the supper ready, as soon as you can." Then, putting on his hat, he went into the garden, where Jonathan was busy giving the finishing rake to the flower beds; and having in great measure recovered from the terrible perturbation which his bungling failure and the sudden flight of Phœbe had caused him, he looked tolerably collected. "Well, mate, are you pretty nearly knocked up?" asked Mr. Skimmer, at the same time looking very closely at him. "Not a bit, not a bit, measter. This ground is as easy to work as a sandy fiat, only there he's a plaguey lot of weeds and couch grass in it, and it wants a few barrowfuls of dung." "Crankey, eh! humph! He's as sensible us a bumbailiff, every bit," muttered Mr. Skimmer to himself. Then, addressing Jonathan, he added, "Come inside, mate, and get a wash before supper. You've done a day's work in four or five hours, that you have. There, that'll do; heave your rake down, and come along; I smell eggs and bacon, and hot scones." Without farther pressing, Jonathan put away his tools and scraped his boots, and in a few minutes more he was seated at the supper table, with his cleanly-washed face as rubicund as an earthenware flowerpot. (To be continued.) 