PUBLIC MEETING. A public meeting was held in the evening, when the chapel was well filled. The proceedinsg having been opened by singing and prayer, and the reading of a portion of the Psalms. The Chairman (the Rev. J. Price), said the request that he should give them the Chairman's annual address, had been a source of very great perplexity to him as there were such a great many things which presented themselves to his mind on which he could speak. But he should not speak of anything except what was of special interest to them. Since his arrival in the colony, there was one subject which was not very often absent from his mind. It might seem a topic too personal to introduce to them on such an occasion as that. Finding himself some six months ago placed in a sphere of labor where he had everything to learn, he cast anxious looks around and asked himself what he had to do. The question in that form had quite a personal importance, but it concerned them all. The first subject upon which the address touched was the position and work of a Baptist minister in Sonth Australia. The first claim would un- doubtedly be to the Church which had elected him as its pastor. To see the Church established on a firm basis was the duty of a minister. The question would doubtless arise, what were the means under God which were to be used to promote that end? To neglect any of the duties would be prejudicial to the advancement of the Church, and to allow public duties to take precedence of the duties of the pulpit would be ruinous to the Church. Power in tbe pulpit was very necessary. The minister should be a good and able man. He might not, perhaps, obtain popularity; but if he was tbe right kind of man he would have the love and esteem of his congregation. Judging from the population in this country there seemed to be more necessity for downright hard work on the part of the minister than in any other country. There should be an earnest activity in the Church to do the best for the interests of the Church. Where there was true activity in the pulpit and in the Church, it was then an instrument in the hands of its Master. Church extension was the next topic touched upon in the address, which was a very lengthy written one. In the present state of the colony there was a large extent for Christian-enterprise, and that was the object for which the South Australian Baptist Association was formed. Separately they could not meet the desired action required in this colony but united they would be a thousand times more powerful. In numbers the Baptists formed no inconsiderable portion of the whole community. The object of the Association was by methodical arrangement to bring the brethren together where they were most needed The rev. gentleman in his address also dwelt at some length on the question—To what extent is Christian union open to Baptist ministers in South Australia? and in doing so, proceeded to refute the various objections raised against the Baptist denomination, and resumed his seat, after concluding a lengthy and able address, amidst applause. The Rev. Mr. Badger, of Morphett Vale, then addressed the meeting on tbe subject of the desirability of more united agency amongst the Baptists of South Australia. He said it was well known that the Baptists were the most disunited portion of all Christ's Chnrch, and he thought that might be easily explained without making the Baptists better or worse than anybody else. He, for one, did not see that any great good would result from the organized union of a number of people who were all Baptists, but who held such different opinions respecting the kingdom of heaven. He thought it would produoe discord and ill-feeling- yet he was of opinion that there were people in South Australia who were capable of an organized union. If they were organized their Chnrch would present a more attractive face to the colony and to other Churches. It was often said that there was no union amongst the Baptists; but he thought there was union. Let them show that they were one in the Church of Christ, and then they would be looked upon with respect and esteem. During the past year great and glorious things had happened to their Churches. If they had more organization and union, they would be able to do more for the advancement of the Word of God. Let them remember that " union is strength ". If people wish to support anything, special societies are formed, and by long experience, they had seen the benefi- cial effects of such organization and union. As a specimen of the good results organization and union effected, he might refer to the Free Church of Scotland. What a deal of good they had done through being united. There was also the Methodist body. If they wished to see the good results of organization and union. They might take a leaf out of their (the Methodists) book. Organization would help them effectually to do that work which God had put them to do in this colony. If they had more organization they would have more lay preachers, and why was it that they had not more? Because it was not an organized institution. In the Wesleyan Church it was so. As soon as a young man entered the Church, if he wished to become a lay preacher and he had any eloquence at all, he was brought out directly, and some times if he had no eloqnenoe. (Laughter.) If this union is desirable among Baptists, how is it to be brought about? The question was perhaps rather a difficult one to answer. He knew of no better way or doing it than prayerfully and by the help of God going on in the way in which they were going. After some further remarks on the desirability of organization and union, he concluded his address by saying that he hoped by next annual meeting, if he were spared to see it, that they would have that which had been proposed that afternoon—viz., a Baptist Building Fund. (Applause). The Rev. Mr. Tuck said he had to speak on the subject " What shall be done towards having a Colonial Ministry ?" He wished first of all to say that he much liked the Chair- man's address, and he heartily sympathised with the sen- timents therein contained. (Applause.) He thanked God that they had such a brother amongst them, and he quite agreed with all he had said. They all had a great work to perform for God. Let them think much of its stupendous character. Let them all engage with one heart and mind in the work of the Lord. He liked union with other Chris- tians, but he was sorry to say that other denominations would not let them work with them. They had their own convictions, and let them work according to them. Were they right in their convictions? Yes, they were right. If baptism was intended to be permanent, which he believed it was, let them not trifle with it. They could not be too earnest in carrying out what they thought was right. He hardly knew what the subject upon which he had to speak meant; whether it meant what should be done towards having a minister in the colony, or what should be done towards educating ministers in the colony. If the former, he had no doubt that if the funds were sent home there were many brethren there who would be glad to come out if they knew there were fields to be occupied in this colony. A brother present had suggested to him that the Baptist Churches should first take care and behave well to the ministers they have got. He believed the Church did pretty well by them. There was a difference between tbe Church now and what there was 14 or 15 years ago. When he came to the colony he must confess that the Adelaide Baptists were not in very high repute, but they had increased greatly since then. There was no harm in throwing out the hint "Take care of, and behave well to, the ministers you have got." What does behave well to them mean? It means, to pray for them without ceasing, and, of course, to look after them well. Referring to ministers educated in the colony, he would say, let them remember the saying—" Pray ye to the Lord of the harvest that He will send forth laborers into His harvest." They wanted men gifted with every kind of giff, but above all, filled with the Holy Ghost; and therefore they ought to pray to tbe Lord of the harvest that He would send forth laborers into His harvest. The speaker then referred to the establishment in the colony of a really good collegiate Insti- tution in connection with the Baptist denomination, so that they might educate young men for the ministry, and said that he should like to see a good one established, and he hoped it would not be long before they had one in the colony. (Applause). He hoped God would bless the South Australian Baptist Association, and cause all its work to prosper. (Applause.) Mr.C. H. Goode, M.P., was next called upon to address the meeting. He said he did not expect that he should be called upon to address them, as he had taken part in the business of the afternoon, and had read a paper on the Chapel Loan Fund, which he hoped they would establish, as he thought they needed such a fund. It was necessary for them to have some kind of organization, and it was on account of that that their Methodist friends had so beaten them, as they had a system of organization. He thought funds might be raised so as to assist in building churches and chapels. If they could raise £1,000 for that purpose he thought they would be doing good. He had been greatly pleased with the Chairman's address, and also heartily sympathized with it. It was necessary that Churches should be formed, and that they should have places to meet in after they were formed, and be trusted that by the next annual meeting they would establish a Chapel Loan Building Fund. Since he had re- turned from England he had had the pleasure of seeing two new chapels opened, and he certainly thought great praise and credit was due to their friend, Mr. Mead, for the exertions and efforts he had made to open those places. (Applause.) As regarded the lay readers, he also hoped they would have some organi- zation there. He believed nothing tended so much to bring people together as to give them something to do. Let them fill work until the Baptist denomination increased and it should extend as the colony extended. Let them all remember that they had something to do, and do it. There were some who could give, and some who could col- lect if they could not give, and others could help in various other ways; and if they each endeavored to do that which they ought to do, all would be well. He was sorry to hear one of the speakers say that they could not work in union with other denominations. He was glad to say that he found no difficulty in working with them. He thought every one should assist each other, but every one was bound to assist his own denomination chiefly. It was a cause of congratulation that two of the brethren from Adelaide had been educated for the Church. These young men had presented themselves, and had been accepted. He believed that if other young men presented themselves the funds would soon be forthcoming wherewith to educate them for the Church. It only required to be shown that money was wanted and it would be forthcoming. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. S. Mead next addressed the meeting. He said on the plan which be had in his hand, and which embraced from August to December, there were no less than thirty one names down of persons who had consulted to act, and as only eight of them were regular preachers, there was consequently twenty-three lay preachers, and he thought that was not a bad beginning. He then referred to the various places which would be attended to in due course. The income for the present year was £450, and be was happy to say that he had a balance on the right side of £50. ( Hear hear ). He should be glad when they would be able to send missionaries to India and other far-off places. The rev. gentleman also referred to the benefits which would arise from the erection of a collegiate institution, and the general good which would result from a union of the Baptist Churches, and resumed his seat amidst loud applause. The Revs. Prior and G. Prince also briefly addressed the meeting, which was afterwards brought to a close in the usual manner. 