j A GHOST STORY EXPLAINED. A few days ago, a woman, in what is called a respectable position of life, and inhabiting a detached house in the tipper part of the Faubourg St Martin, presented herself, in a state of great excitement, at the neighbouring police dared;not" re-snter fcer house for £ear of Iter husband. She had been for some time legally separated from ima by death, bur still, - she said, he came to Visit her every night, dressed in a sheet, and nothing else. He entered her .room at al 1 hours of the night, and menacecl her with instaut death if she uttered a word or moved .a limb. When asked how she knew ?. it to be hfer husband, she replied that no other person could. he guilty of such frightful conduct, and ihat he had himself announced his name, : though- she. could only see his. wicked eyespeeping; at her from between the folds of the sheet. Atfkrsttbe police*believed heirmad^ahd considering the intense heat, it" occurred to them that she; was suffering from ■ the effects of a sunstroke ; hut, as she persisted in her story, th e chef desired the trembling woman to return home for one more night at least, and hfe would have two of his men placed in-her bed-room,* to arrest her ogre of a husband if he should again attempt to appear before her in such a questionable shape.j Night <same ; the woman " made believe," as the children say? to retire to rest, while the police secretely introduced themselves into a closet. Punctual as the ghost of Hamlet' senior the sheeted figure entered the room, and marched solemnly round the bed with the same mumbled warning to its occupant not to stir hand or foot for the remainder of that night. At the same time the quick. ears of the concealed policeman caught sounds in the neighbouring apartment as of furniture being dragged about or lifted. They rushed out from their hiding-place, and [ while one seized upon the apparition the other, ^ inyestigated the cause of the peculiar sounds described. / The explanation was soon given ; the: pretended phantom was a maid in. the service ol the poor woman's lodgers, who were; practically:, illustrating the old song of " We ufly by night," by removing their landlady's I furnitur^"'piecemeal. For more than four days had this peculiar ki d of table-turning beengoingon. A few days more, anl the ''w^rtan&te.; \rfen#ere.- :-6i; -the Faubourg S£ Martin would have been left in possession only of the bed she lay upon. The whole matter is tfow before the Police Gorrectionelle. An Adder.—On Saturday three men, named W Perfitt, J. Lane, and J. Andrews, who had been , bitten by an adder, were . admitted under^he care of Mr Treeyes, house surgeon at St Thomas's. Hospital. On the previous "night, while, at the Coopers1 Arms, Portland-street. Walworth, Perfitt drew from [his pocket what they supposed to be a snake, which they had picked up on Hayes- comirion, where they. Jiad^ heen excursion, and suddenly found himself bitten "in the left thumb. Perfitt threw the reptile on the table\x=req-\ and both his companions, in endeavouring to capture it, were similarly bitten. "It got on the floor, and a dog, in attempting to size it, ' was bitten in tjie breast, and immediately commenced ho^ling andswellingto such an extraordinary size that it was thought necessary to destroy it. The light then broke in upon them, that they had been bitten by an adder, and they were conveyed to the hospital, where Perfitt arid liane still remain seriously : ill. Andrews has nearly recovered. Submarine Cables.—In Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia there are 52 submarine' cables, which are of, the aggregate length of 5,625 miles, and the Jss.ula.ted wires of which measure 4,783 miles. The longest of these is 1,550 fathoms, and the shortest 1| fathom. There are 95 submarine cables in the United States and British North America whicli measure 68 miles, and their insulated wires 133 miles. The overland .telegraph line between New York and the west coast of Ireland. through British Columbia, Northern Asia, and Russia, will be 20,479 miles long, 12,740 miles of whicli are completed. It has at length been resolved that this lirie shall cross from America to Asia at the southern point of Norton Sound, on the America side, to St Lawrence' Island,; and from thence to Gape Thadeus on the Asiatic continent. Two submarine cables will be required for this, one 135 miles longl and the other 250 miles long. Gape Thadeus is .1,700 miles from the mouth of the Amoor river. The Cow Distempekin theLast Century. —(Extract from " Life aad Correspondence of of Mrs Delanye."} 14 The distemper amongst the cows about Londpn is a sad distress; I hope it has not reached the country." Note by the Editor: The distemper here alluded to amongst the cows was a violent inflammatory fever, attributed to the wetness of the season. It prevailed in 1744 in the South of France, Savoy and Italy, and afterwards commence^ in Sweden, Norway, Denmark; andGreat Britain. The receipt made use of .in Sweden was considered! very efficacious, and printed at Stockholm, in the King's printingoffice.in November, 1745. It was composed of snake\x=req-\ weed, camphire (sic), valerian; elecampane, lovage, laurel berries, the j*oot of angelica; carline thistles, agaric, and Toots qf maitgrr wort. AH these ingredients, in various proportions, were to be rcduced* to powder; aad mixed with 16£oz.; of common «alt. - Itlwaa^o be administered to each cow fasting^ oti toasted bread, which was to be sprinkled with as much as could be taken up with the tfanniti and finger 