'.SYDNEY, FRIDAY, JAN. 13, 1866. TBE longer the publia are left-to reflect upon the late extraordinary production, of Mr. MAHTIN, 'the' more/.thoroughly they must become dis- gusted with, that puerile and degrading exhibi- tion.' Not even on the memorable day when be BhameleBsly-" avowed himself a renegade and a p'oliticsl traitor before all the Assembly, did he present.a.more painful or pitiful spectacle than at present. . O.i that ocoaeion he concluded ? his speech by declaring his intention for the future tö'associatehimself with legislators who «were not unworthy of such a trust." The stereotyped ! form of expression is repeated in h'iB present epistle. ." I- wish to see the affairs of legislation and government in the banda of men who, by <. ohara.Qter, intelleo*, temperament, and culture ara riot unworthy of snob, a trust." But how are these conditions fulfilled in tho case of the miserable colleagues with whom ha has as* sooiated himself ? Does his broken and bank- rupt,. TREASURER, whom no constituency in the country will acknowledge, represent the states, manlike Intellect of which he speaks so loftily ? Ta his cribbed and cross-grained COLONCAL SEORETARY a man of the right sortof temperament for his purpose ? Does bia LAND SECRETAS?, his, fate SECRETARY FOR WORKS, or his SOLIC UB GENEBAX present the model of what a statesman and a minister ought to be T Or, to come nearer home, can afr. MARTIN calmly read over (be weak production which be pub'isbed on Wednesday and then conscientiously declare his belief that he himself , comes up. to the standard he has named ? If so, the opinion will. be a singular one, for we dare aver that not one man out of a thousand will coincide with him. It is not himself alone that be has disgraced by thus voluntarily making his appearance in the public pillory. Plain JAMBS MARTIN might . have signalÏBod bis retirement (rom the public stage like a clown in a pantomime, for all that the Press or the public need have eared ; but when the PRIME MINISTER and ATTORNEY GENERAL of the eolony-tbe Crown's chief adviser, the public prosecutor, and the grand jury of the country insults the people and debases his office by acting the JACK PUDDING, no words can be too stroDg to mark the public reprobi tion of euoh'conduct. Even TENNYSÍHV heathen and semi-brutalised " Northern Farmer" dis plays more dignity than this when he ulla for ¡more ale in bia last moments, adding " gio I ! mun die I mun die." Like the farmer, however. Mr. MARTIN is loth to give, up the ghost in peace. He hau more work on the anvil. The tariff of last year was, as we are now informed, merely " poatpor<:d until the following session ;" and, besides this, Mr. MARTIN ÍB waiting confidently for the time when Protection shall become the watchword of the whole colony ; when he, its great apostle, shall be borne aloft on. the shoulders of a repentant and an enthusi- astic people; and when the triumph of his policy shall become complete, in" the abolition of com merce add of immigration. AU| this be tells the publia plainly in his letter, and he seems to p}*»d once more for time to lay "the measures of jbe Government' before Parliament-another tariff, it is to ba presumed, again to be defeated, and again to be followed by a six months' recess. If he and his shattered skeleton of a Ministry are allowed another such an opportunity, the Par- liament that permits it will be false to its trust and traitorous to the people. We have ever given Mr. MARTIN all the credit ha deserves (or the energy and application by which he raised himself to the lofty position which he now occupies, and, we regret to add, dishonours ; but the past cannot be, utterly for- gotten-when he ventures to use towards " the great bulk of the community'' the language of lofty condescension and compassionate patron- age. He knows as well as any man, be, says, their prejudices and their infirmities, i A stranger might suppose that some great patrician, not only, illustrious in himself, but inheriting the honours nf a íong line of noble ancestors, bad considerately stooped from bis sphere to study the nature and attributes of the common herd "tho great "bulk of the community ;" and that. I seeing nnd pitying their " prejudices and infir mitiep," he was yet willing to acknowledge that they were of some value to the country. Is this really sp ? Or does Mr, MABTIX suppose that he can be mistaken for a CLINT .N or a PEECY, turning from the aristocratic associations of five hundred years, to beBtowa little lordly attention upon, the common people? If his investigations had been turned-in another direction-if he had devoted a small portion of his boasted penetra-: tion to the ta6k of endeavouring to see himself as others see .bim, he would haye disc Mered an amount of," prejudice and infirmity" that must have Compelled him to lower his tone, and should inspire bim with < feelings of the deepest respect for and most ardent gratitude to "the great bulk of the community,'' which befriended and protected him when iboae whose manners he now apes would bave spurned lum from their doors, and whioh has - been but' too "lenient towards his m roy publio offences,' and the over- bearing insolenoe bf his assumptions'. Bis advice-we may say his injunctions, with refer-, en ce to the; magistracy, ? are U. uite ? . in keeping: with the ludiotous arrogánqe of the whole address. .When > theí ' country ' rang, ' .from one end "tb - -tho other, with, , indignant* .protests against the unmerited insults offered to numerous intelligent and irreproachable magis trates, and the manifest political parlialitv which governed the new Commission ¡of thç Peace, Mr. MARTIN ' and bis; colleagues denied- that removal from tho office of k justice implied any discredit, but asserted that it should be regarded as a mere measure of convenience." Now, how- ever, he clearly intimates that, iii the oisea most: complained o', the magistrates were- removed because he himself knew, them to, bo i", both ignorant and corrupt.". At the.same time, he os clearly indicates bia opinion that the 'magis- tracy Buouhl be a political office,' by pre- sumptuously advising ^ if '. .th«: next Government restores any of those gentlemen,' thé 'succeeding administration shall dis mips them again*., Who could suppose that a Minister assuming such a dlctntoriat tone as this had been fifteen months in office without a policy to. stand apon ; had been defeated at the very opening of thV session,' on the GOVERNOR'S speech; had been rejected by his own constituents and by the electora of the metropolis, and is now about to be again condemned, by a Parliament before ! whom be makes bis appearance with enly half of j v \ ' - . his Ministry. The gross impudence cf thc thing can only be suitably desoribed by the use of a slang term which, however, is expressive, and, being purely colonial, was no doubt familiar to Mr. MARTIN'S ears in days gone by, before he had succeeded io tying himself on to the skirts of the " aristocracy." The quality most apparent in the whole address is what in those days would havs been called unbounded " cheek." Of course the old story of effecting great savings by Btopping the Government advertising in the newspapers, is revived on this occasion. Here, again, nothing but the most consummate impudence could, have sufficed for such an allusion, since, on tho very, day ,when this preoious address was dated, the public were made aware that . the revenue for the year had< . -fallen * off to. the extent of nearly a hundred . and fifty thouaánd pounds sterling, and that, of this de- crease, .nearly eighty thousand prunds was in i the item of land , éalés-a fact tn (treat measure attributable to the want of publicity, and conse- quently to the absence of competition. The SECRETARY FOB LANDS, on a recent occasion, most disingenuously attempted to disprove this mischievous effect of withdrawing the advertise- ments, by stating that the average price realised per acre was. larger than it had been before ; but he forgot,to add that the quantity'of ; land sold was miserably lees, Tûe revenue returns now prove it. - We can -very well understand that the 'abandonment , lof that publioity which advertising' '. .gave" to . the 'land sales would-, .throw .2,choice r lots 0 into . the bands of a few wealthy persons, who could afford, to give ai ' high price ; but .the loss of nearly eighty, thousand pounds on this branch of revenue shows how deplorably the huckster- ing, and vindictive polic) of the Ministry operated in another direction. Mr. MARTIN has also favoured the public with his opinion upon the bushraDging question. We are not prepared to say that. some special enactment may not bo advisable. It will be time enough to judge of that when any such measure is brought forward. At present we can only remark that the Legis- lature) wijl have to be careful that, in their . desire to. brine jnitioe ' home to- " some three or four assas- sins," they, do not entrust, the police with powers which may be dangerous to honest people. Mr. MARTIN and bia sup- porters, made outory enough against the late . Government : for , failing- to ' capture the marauders ;- but, after much blustering and dis- play- offering enormous rewards and then with- drawing: them-they are Jn the same predica merit themselves. It is impossible to resist the conviction that a defective and unsuitable system of police ia one of the main causes of the repeated failures which, if they did not involve such ,serious,.consequences,, .would be ridiculous. .Only a few.,' days, ago, a little boy thief, some twelve years old, ran.away and. got clear off from a trooper, .who nearly;broke his neck in trying to follow him j and one, of the latest police achieve- ments reported is the capture ot another boy, late a cuddy servant on board a ship, on suspicion of intending to set up as a bushranger. I The learned , ÀTTOBNEY . GENEEAL and PREMIER has poli tica'ly gibbetted himself by this extraordinary effusion. Whether we are fated or not to. see a portion of it reproduced in his Excellency's speech on the twenty-fourth of this month, time will show ; but nothing can deprive the anthor of the honour of the produc- tion. One of bis exprecsions, amusingly pom- pous as it is, and suggestive of the strut of a full" grown, turkey cock, nevertheless denotes a glimmering perception of what will be generally acknowledged as the truth. "My . view*," he . says, "have not yet taken hold upon the public mind in such a way as to warrant ms in .believing that the time is at band for their general adoption." That's the truth, if Lucifer himself said it- And in the meantime, while the public mind is expanding itself sufficiently. to take in and comprehend' the full genius and-majesty of thoae " views/ ( tbe wisest thing . Mr. M&Etra; can do, will be to ' STEP ASIDE, 