my TuiiKi-: «..;:u.-.. i-. Bv O.ssian Ma-.ti1i;;:m-n. It was a miserable evening in tue monn: o! DuceinW, lii^-just loi'ly -t..rs ;;,;..:. ilmr,. were neither gas. poiiL^Kirii, nor c:i:nibussts in Loiidnu tin ii. The oil lr.ui]'S fiuin tlie shop ' window*, v.iili tliiiso u:ni luuking uncesiors of ? the proscsit glov.inp snocl pis lit lamp, shed a : f-k'kly li^ht ovi-r tiio London street.-, which. : fallinj;. liuJ become a uja»s ??! nn..-t unmistake ab)e 'batU'r,1' Hjjuu^Ij «iiiuh a solitary h..u!;n, y coaeii, with ils sluipy driver, cuvcioped iu his liujie box cuat, :iud its proverbially wretched, brokeu-duwn, lialf-slarved pair of uugs, would t-vcr and auDn rumble alouj; ou some mybterious jouruey, or most orobably 'home for the night.' J' wjs indeed a dreary nigbt, wlien my father. l;i^6iu(! me auJ bidiiiup me be a good boy, left me fur stven long years at the Scottish 6Cliou!, in liatton Garden.* 1 was toon initiated into tlie secrets of the establishment of which I bad now become a member — (I believe lirst by a present worthy Alderman of Geelong, who was then my schoolmate). That the house was bauuted was an accepted fact 'J'Jie legend attaching to it is still iirmly believed in by the majority of tbat now densely populated neighbourhood. It ran as follows : — Many, many years ago, a certain knight named Hatton* fell in love with a very beautiful milk girl, and finding her firm in resisting all bis unlawful advances, at last said he would make her his wife if she had only so much money. Returning home one evening through a dark narrow passage, still known by the name of 'Hatton Passage,' slie expressed herself fl that 6hc would give anything if she had but the means of becoming Lady Hatlon.' Just at that moment a gentleman (the legend says black) approached from tbe opposite end of the passage, and accosting her with much apparent kindness, inquired the meaning of the words she bad just uttered. Encouraged by the sweet tones of his voice, she at once unburdened her mind to him. The stranger at once offered to supply the nieaus of fulfilling her wishes, on one condition, which was, that nt the end of seven years slie would take a walk witli liim. louug, , (i'Jdy, and unthinking, the girl at once con sented, and, according to arrangement, she met ? tbe stranger at the same place on the following jiighl, and after llie bargain had buen ratified in 6ome mysterious manner, the gold was supplied, and shortly afterwards she became Lady llat ton. Idolized by her husband, although she bore him no children, she lived a life uf bliss for five years, when she became a widow. After a long period of mourning for the loss of a fond husband, she at length determined to mingle with the world again, and to indulge in those enjoyments the wealth heT husband bud left her allowed her to do. She bad by this time (so runs the legend) entirely forgotten llie stranger, ' and it was at the end of the seven bargained ; lor 3 care, tlie very Jast day, that she determined ; to give a grand bail. Everything went on : merriiy nnd happily until the lime-piece was on : the stroke «f midnight, when a violent knocking was heard at the hall d)or. Her ladyship turned deailly pale. She suddenly recollected bcr engagement. It was iu vain that, in reply to a servant tlmt a very dark gvnllcniau wished to 6ce her immediately, she sent word buck tbtl she could see no strauger at that hour,— the K^rvnnt (innn r^lnrnpd with word lrom tlie fffln tleuiau that he was no stranger, und that if she did not f:o to him he wuuld come to her in the iniJst of her company. Horror stricken nuJ hsggavd (he lift her astonished guests aud de scended to the hall. The stranger at once seized bcr by the arm, and forcing licr out of the house, the door closed with a thundering bang, nnd that waB the last that was ecen of I*dy Iialton. A bloody heart was, however, picked up next morning, on tbe spot which is f till known as Bleeding Uenrt Yard, Holbora, London. Such was the legend I had to digest upoi- my becoming an inmate of that very bouse where the mysterious scene had been enacted. But this was uot all. The kitchen btairs were completely covered with horseshoes, which were also nailed up iu various other parts of the pre mises to keep off the ghosts, and every nigbt, when the whole house, with the exception of one boy left in the hall to attend to lh« door, was assembled at prayers, tbe noise of servants bustling about aud the clatter of dishis might be lieerJ iu the kitchen. Indeed, so firmly per tuaJed was I of this myself, that having once heard the&e; noises, whenever afterwards it fell to uiy turn to attend the door, I always stood iu the street until prayers were over. Sucb was my school, tbat even now — at the distance of forty years of time— the impressions engen dered therein nre not wholly eradicated. Well, there were six of us ' new boys ' slept in one small room, two in a bed. There was a larger room nexl to us, which was allotted to the remainder of the boys. The doors of these dormitories were entirely black, with two large boles cut in each about six incites in diameter, as is the case in many of the very old London bouses, and outside the windows was a broad parapet which led along the while length of tbe street, and which had been constructed in days when drainage was unknown, to carry off the rain from the roof. What time of night it might have been I do not know (although the respect :;b!e 'Charlie.' as tbe watchmen were then generally termed, had just gone on his round uiid notified to all who might then be awake tbat it was -:past one,' but as it was pretty generally knuivn that they frequently called the hours by improper names, there was not much reliance to be placed on his testimony), but I was broad awake, and was startled by an unusual noise in the adjoing room, and at first thought it was the boys playing at midnight 'The Battle of tbe *:? -,' which they sometimes did by making sbipi of their pillows, and shots pf their shoes ; but no, as it afterwards turned out, there was only one volley of shoes fired, and that was at the bead of a ghoBt,— if a huge figure arrayed in white endeavouring to open the windows of the room could be denominated tis such. The ghost had entered tbe room by the duor cautiously, and one or two of tbe boys nwakt tsliuuted out, which aroused the rest, aud one. mure courageous than the rest, jumped ou|. of bed to sec if his liaud would really pass through the body of the spectre, and was seized by the body by hands ns hard as irdn and thrown on the bed again. Then canic tbat terrible volley ot shoes which caused the ghost to decamp tlie same way be cauir, not, however, without jreully locking the duor upon t!ieiu niates of the room, and then all became quiet. After a time, while revolving in my mind what sill this mciint, I was sUrth-d by seeing by tlie dim tuouiiliglic, a baud upon the rim of enc of ilie boles iu the dour of our little room, and immediately afterwards by a face filling up tbe hole iUell. I lay trembling with terror, not daring even to uwnken uiy comrade, wheu tbe door softly opened, uid wk.it appeared to me a yra,ud figure entered, entirely in white, and Euftly closing tlie door approached the bed in which I whs sleeping. 1 shall never forget liOtt' my heart beat as, after closing the door, llie hideous thing stood with ils hsck to it, tbe black paint of the door showing off the while iitss of iu pondcroUB tigure, as for a uiomcut it paused, apparently taking a survey ot the apartment, — to terrible adtautage. Upon reaching the foot of the bed, it would be iinpOE tible in pourtiay my feelings wheu I beheld it spread its bands over the bed and then coolly lay itsulf down by the side of ray still sleeping bedfvlluir. It smelt awfully, I remember that, ultliouah I Bid uut know what Jgiu wos at tbat time. Perspiring at every pore, I lay motion- less for the space, may be, of an hour, when the ghost, having "sniffed the morning air," strode to the window, and quietly opening one of its folds, squoze itself out into the parapet. Sow, at the back of the school-bouse, ocross a spacious yard, was a church, which, says legend, was formerly Lady Hatton's ball-room, Uie pulpit of which was held, at the period of ?whku 1 writ*, by the celebrated Uev. Edward Irving, the lather of the present worthy pro fessor of the tame name at the Melbourne University, and there was belonging to tbe said cburch, certain flaie used in worship which for safety's sake was lodged with tbe steward if our establishment und locked up in his store room. Hcvtt shall I forget the tcene upon the fol luwiiyr$Borning. It was tbe custom of tbe gietiiard to call lhe boys at daylight. Upon this -. rjauruius uts came to our room first — Mr, indeed, UiiJei no awakening. Being too full of the fiveutt of tlie night, we were already np and dressed, but aa we stood upon liielanding-pl»c, ml- saw him unlock tbe door ibe ghost liad locked— iu a rage— aud at once cmi.iiK-Jicw to upbiaid the boj» with their vil i ii-y -hi *-' misconducting ihi-nistlvts as to Uistirb ilie shuubtra o! alJ tlie ofiicers of the c-jiSijiiJimeo!, carte aoJ cuok iudaiied, and pHU^fcibu master to come ux» and Jockthedoor ; ^bpi^|Uicu, 41 iliia iifLcisf uiuxcnt tbe master ; In-, :;.- ;:.:-.. -'..:; f- v::!.:.-. .;:, i..--!i .A !.i. ??:'?, :i ni.'ll.lor uf li.e l.uli: 1. i:.l'..:iii iiil.: vi.u hi.J 1.. i-« i!u- c:iu-..- i-T tile lii^tui -jiiiieL- cu t!:e jTi \i,.oi lii.'ht ': \\\'..'.!.:i;i . tieiub::.ng :'.M u-er at the s,Uii .:!!;.!? rw.ly i.iv:s ;:iiJ thi irritatrd mas ter, .liclaru.l liicru iiuJ K-en noil!-, but that a glim: I. ml li-i-n iln-iv and l-.vlied shwn in, or t'iii-v t'liui-J ii.ivf -j . Ji;t.- diiwi! -t:iir.~ar.d iiiforni'.'d Liu). '}''..-. ^;,-::i:..i 1--ks v.-i-rt (lro;.jn;i. Tnc m^3[tr -??tari.il at the steward, und hi.- in turn at tl.j nia^ttr. ?? JJLil yuu,' emjuircd the stenard, 'ikI i:i:iiif u;- si.ir-, ;ir, Uurii!^' the- ni^'ht. unii iock th'.in in :'' ' N'.i 1,:' returned lht ni-isier, 'but I thought 1 ui-arj -/6,i Jj so.' ?'/ did. not,'' taiil t!io ntuwai'il, 'anJyct this iiioruin{; 1 found llie Jc.nr locked ou tho outside. It's vi-i-y j tlr.iiipp.'' Thru turuiuK to us, ct»- Luys, ' .Sun-Iv iiiiue ol iiun coul,! b;ivc— ' ' Pitiise, sir,'' said 1, at uiiet, '1 taw i'. go out of our wimluiv.' Tile steii-ard stroie hastily to the wiuJ'iw. and, alter a hasty glance outside, shrieked out. ' Uubbi-ry, sir !' and bolted down ! etairf, fbiluu-cd by llie master, and the whole troop of us ; and there, sure enough, it was dis covered tbat the Btore-rooul had been broken o|)tu, aud the church plate, with several other article's uf considerable value stolen. It was im possible for the thief or thieves, to make any iSi-ajK; by the doors, which were too ueenrejly fastened, and the keys of the double locked doors were left with the steward every night. 1 have a vivid remembrance of being examined during the day before u large assemblage of gentlemen as to what 1 saw by a Bow-6trcet runner. I afterwords learned that llie footmarks of the ghost hud been traced along tlie parapet for a considerable distance, until they readied au empty house where all trace was lost. It was supposed that the actual thief must have en tered the house from the parapet, and conceal ing biui6elf till tbe bouse was nil quiet, and, alter eflecting the robbery, have dropped the fruits to a confederate from a high window, and then enveloping himself iu a large sheet— the better to frighten tlie boys and conceal his person — effected his escape by the window. At all events, it sufficiently clears up tbe mystery of my lirst ghost. Ghust the second was rather of a different oi-der. Those who remember the night upon which Kiug George the Fourth died, will then remember one if the mott fearful nights of thunder, lightning, and rain tbat has occurred for tbe last half century. Our school had now been removed to what was then considered in the bush, but which is now tbe very centre of 8 populous town. It was a splendid new buil ding, erected for the express purpose, and with iis handsome portico, witb St. Andrew and the cross on tbe top ; its beautiful railed gar den in front, and the extensive garden and play grounds behind, few such institutions near Loudon could boast of the noble appearance it presented. There were two large bedrooms, then inhabited by about forty bo-6 in each. During the height of the storm ou the nigbt in question, while my head was completely co vered by the bedclothes to keep away the lightning there came a mighty crash at the further end of the room to where my bed was, which caused me to raise my liead from undvr the clothes, and see what it could bo. But I had better have left my bead where it was, for I iJainlv i-erce-ive*l ut the further end of the apartment, a white, light, Ellni figure, bolt up right, waving its arms about in a most mys Ut'idus manner. I soon replaced my bead under the bedclothes, but tbe moment I did eo, I could hear the figure, as I imagined, approaching with slow and measured footsteps towards me. I held my breath and covered up my head still tighter, but it would not do. There it was— tread— tread — tread Etill. Now we had a story current at school, that when a spirit was about to trouble any person, if the said person shouted out ' Ob, Lord, why troublest thou me?' the ghost would immediately vanish. 1, however, did not find it to in my case, for all on a sudden, 1 felt a most extraordinary hubbub in one of my cars— the one that whs uppermost — 6uch a n liizzing, tickling, diabolical tumult tliat I availed myself of the remedy, and roared out ' Oh Lord ! why troublest thou m_',' but all in vain, the whizzing aud tickling appeared to be redoubled. But there was one blessing, my cry bad roused the whole dormitory, who eagerly demanded what was the matter. I re lated as well as I could, or rather as well as my fright would allow me, what 1 had seen and how 1 was troubled, enquiring if they did not bear tbe gbosl walking about even then for the steps were distinctly audible at intervals. All listened in silence lor between the terrible claps of thunder tbat tramping in tbe room sounded awfully. All at once I placed my fin ger in my ear and lugged out an immense flea, which at once made evident tbe cause of com motion in that organ, but then tbe solemn tread wbicb still continued. At length, during a pause in tbe storm, one of tbe boys was heard to mutter, as if afraid of what be wub saying, ' I think its the door.' This was almost uni versally agreed ia, but as I bad actually seen a figure I could cot be persuaded. We used to pay our debts among o. e another with portionB of our rations, and as our eiinncrs once in the week consisted of suet pudding, I offered a quarter of my rations far six months to any one who would get up and close it. This offer was to little, for the lightning and thunder were still too dreadful for any boy to think of getting ont of bed, and it was not till I bad advanced to ' half pudding ' for six months, or the equiva lent of a whole dinner for three months once a week, that the boy nearest tbe door ventured to shut it, when the tramping ceased. Confidence being thus restored, an explanation followed, and although I said nothing it became very evi dent that the ghost I bad seen waB neither more nor less than one of the boys in bis nightdress and nightcap who being overburdened with fleas had risen from his bed to enjoy tbe luxury of a good scratch. Tbe tramping was caused by the door having been blown open witb every gust of wind banging against tbe wall. So much for my second ghost. But my third ghost puzzled me, and has puzzled me for many a year, as to whether what I wit nessed was hallucination or reality. Although I am strongly inclined to think the former, still there are times especially when I lie awake in my bed at nights tbiuking over tbe strange and eventful post of my life, when doubts will come across me, in spite of myself. My mind may bare been prepared by surrounding circum stances, melancholy occnrcnces, and temporary excitement for what 1 am about to relate. I concede all these, but the older I grow, the more I become sceptical as regards hallucination ou my part. It was in the year 1848, tbat with every prospect of a speedy dissolution from the then state of my lungs if I remained lunger in Eng land, I was despatched, for tbe benefit of my health, to that heavenly spot, which the Portu guese denominate ' Tlie isle of the blessed,' — Madeira ; and surely if there is a lovely spot under the sun, Madeira is that one. I have been to many places far and wide in both hemis pheres, but have never yet seen any to surpass it. For hours do I sit at times recalling the three yean I spent there, and I al ways conclude my reverie witb a sigh. Yes, a sigh, but not entirely caused by the recollection of iu loveliness, but from the shadows which during my reverie will flit across my vision, — images of those with whom I became acquuati-d with tbiTe, but who under tbe Bpeli of that fearful visitor, consumption, passed away as soon as acquaintanceship began to ripeo, as ia a dream, ' to tbat bourne from whence no tra veller returns. But to my narrative. The hotel to which I -was inducted by tbe British Consul was kept by an invalided British Ser geant of Artillery. I found that the boarders consisted of six persons, besides myself, all of whom, witb tbe exception of Captain C ? , of the '1st Highlanders, were in the but stage of atrophy. There were a Russian colonel, two English doctors, a young gentleman tbe sod of an eminent merchant, and lastly, a son of tbe late celebrated .Richard Lalor Sbiel. What I Lave to write here concerns Dr. A ? alone. In that beautiful climate tbe air it so balmy that the hopelessly incurable does cot know when death is near at hand; it approaches so gently tbat even tbe doctors them6elvet are puzzled. In one short inpnth after I took up my abode at that hotel, I had followed fuur oat of my Eix fellow lodgers to the grave Cap taisi C ? aud myself bod recovered both health and strength, but notwithstanjiug, we could not disguise tbe fuel, tbat we were both pointed at as being the only two victims left to dear the hotel. Captain C ? at once shifted his quar ters, and I was left alone to attend the last hours of icy poor friend Dr. A ? . One beau tiful afternoon be expressed himself so much tetter, tiiat lie thought he would «it at the din ner table. IIo was very cheerfat, and even ventured to become facetious, but while partak ing '?' a.r'!!v -???: ??' ^K.r ?:'?'-' h'.- 1 umiu..- i e..id,aud la-ii i.ii:i-Li: 1:.'-.vn u; om ;i sila. J -.'e-iir ii ':iv.!... iWil* ii':Vn'.'.iiu'i;t-d t'!.'i:''.'ih'.': i'.^ ]Jr. «as d-la-i. :.-[ ;v,!rsc l.v W'.ul.i U' in i.is grave tiit him n.or. u.,, :;:ul it \\-^= 'it' »'J cnviaMa Icw-iin^ thai 1 ^tartuii down to the bt-Jch, Miue-d at as a ' iluomcJ man,:' to endeavour by u blunt trip on the sc-a to divert my melancholy. Xow, it eu happened that one ot' the boatmen, who spoke Hi^li!:!) very well, ar..i mytell had taken :i iiHi'ci- to caii other, and while he iins roninp me about he sueldtuly exclsiiraei], '1 l:now wliat do you good, senor !:1 'Well John!' ' When voii go home have bottle good vine, a:id urii.k him all up ; him do you great good.' 1 had not been allotted A glass of wiue 6ince I bad b:en on the island, but now I determined lu f.llott- John's ud vice. It was near midnight wh.-n I had nearly finished my bottle, and my bedroom candle was getting very low. 1 was siUin;: in the next rconi to where the body of the Doctor was laiil out absorbed in my own rtik-ctions— rendered rather bold with the wine 1 had taken, but most certainly in no way in toxicated. I slept iu tlie turret at the top of the house ; and taking my candle, 1 thought 1 u-niihl .ni'n fl \nn\r o+. fliP T)ni?T.or. to FCO that the cats were not in the room (for but h duor and windows were left wide open), ar.il retire to be'd. All was safe about the corpse, but, just as I was leaving the room, I fancied 1 saw, as the candle was turued away, a distinct shadow at tbe foot of the bed, seemingly gazing ou the corpse. 1 brought the eauiile into the room again and nothing was to be 6cen, but upon turning the light away, thu apparitiuu was again visible in tbe darkness. 1 repealed this three or four times with the same results. I be came confused and bewildered. What prompted me I do not know, but I hastened up to my bedroom, and taking my blankets and pillow, after extinguishing the light and closing the Himp T .lespimrlml tn ilip T)nrlor*s roDfu ucrain. nad there for the space of half a minute did I gaze veritably upon the shadow in the same spot as where I had first seen it It almost im perceptibly faded away, and, iu a state of mind I cannot describe, I look up my quarters uneler the very bed upon which the corpse was lying, determined to watch for its reappearance, but 1 saw no more of it. I slept Bounder that night ill uiy strange quarters than 1 had done fur many previous nights, and when I awoke early in the morning and felt with my baud the heavy corpse above me, 1 became conscious at once of all I had seen the night before, and gTasping my blanket I rushed up to my bed room to jot down the whole affair, but left my pillow behind me. I went to bed, and by the time I had refreshed myself with another good sleep tbe body of Dr. A ? was iu its grave. There was a great hubbub about the pillow, which I aided, by insisting how uncomfortably I bad slept in consequence of some person taking away one of mine, and it was only when I was ubcutlo leave the island that the mystery was cleared up by my making a clean breast of it. This was my third ghost, and even while 1 write, the recollections of the circumstances be come so distinct and vivid that 1 drop my pen, fairly puzzled what to think concerning it. There is no fiction, good reader, in any uf the foregoing details, and while 1 have Madeira in uiy mind I will shortly resume my pen, aud offer for your perusal ' The Death Hides.' 