i ? ? RrVEUí&B; PROSPECTS. ^ - i .' » , i. TO Tire'EDiTO* Of THU MtlltE. ? ?. Sir,-A Tory nblo articlo appeared in tlio Pastora Timo» advocating tho rights ot tho squatters, but til alt parties have a chanco of making a living honestly ii th» groat, but rottenly constituted district, what goo« can comer oat of tlio ovil of making tho squatter lori over all. When I read of tho hardships that tho squat tera endure, and of their dying io tho wilderness ant tho mounds of earth roughly enclosed near to thi homesteads," the tears canto to my oyes. Hut, alas looking round, i saw hundreds of starving mon, living ghosts in appearance, mid thu rising generation half clad, growing up in wickedness and tilth, infinitely worse than tho aboriginal savage-bad ns his case most assuredly is-my grief was chango! to n less noblt passion. Look around Deniliquin, and you will sec scores of children growing up under tho ciro of thc worst of parents who themselves livo in the most degrading manner, and eke out en existence in thc most disreputable manner. London which cm mustct a population 'of one hundred and fifty thousand, who livo by prostitution mid thioving, ii not in proportion in ni. worse position than tho futuro capital of Iii verina, which should not if access wero given to tho land, hnvo au idlo vagabond in it In some of my former letters I hinted that matters wero coming to n crisis, and that tim country would bo overrun by a worthloss population, with whom tho fault docs not altogether lie. Tho cry will bo shortly for an extra batch of police, but I can assure you. Sir, that all the police in Now South "Wales cannot stop tho torrent. In support of thc statement thon made by mo which was pooh-poohed by tho Chronicle, I quote from tho'letter of J. Macrae, Esq., a squatter, and which is notan isolated cuso. " Tho other day thoro came to tho home station four \- mon, about sunsot, carrying their swags and n«liing for food and lodging. Thoy received rations of Hour, tea, and augar (without paying for it, of course), and wero shown to tho hut Ono of them returned and, in impudent and bullying tone, demanded beef. Wo wero Bcnrco of hoof nnd refused. Ono of our shophords when employed about tho homo station used to liva iu that hut ; his dog, a most sagacious and valuable ono, for which ho had refused as much ns seven pouuds, came in by aomo chanco to tho hut. Thoro was no ono there but tho four swngmcn. Next day the dog was found, ovidently partly choked, and partly beaton to death. Tho only imaginable reason whytheso men should havo killed tho dog in such a cruel manner is, that they boliovod it belonged to tho homo station, and neted in this way because they wero not supplied with hoof ; ono of thc shepherds' huts was also robbed next day. Tho men belonged to thoso parishes or public spongers that perambulate the bush-» numerous order wlio3o number is increasing every year." Tho country is full of them. Aro thoy to starve ? Will thoy do so ? Tho land having boon so long locked up has engendered habits in tho population ot' tho outlying districts that cannot bo got rid of iu a year or two, and tho chanco of making a living honestly must bo given, or futilo will bo tho efforts of legislation or any oilier method to copo with tho evil ovcry day on tho increase. Thoro aro many settlers hero, who havo peculiar notions of " live, and lot live." Mr Hall is not singular in his viow of tho matter. Hoad tho letter of George Glendinning, and thou poruso Thomas S. Hall's, and tho truth of tho com- mon remark that tho ordor of things is inverted iii this country will stand prominent before you. Wo havo our Halls hero also of tho magistracy, who will : toll you to remember what you say, for thoy " wright" G.P. after their narao. It is no uncommon thing lo soo our J.P.s skulking from duty, unless thero ¡ bo somo groat wig on one, with aasumnco enough to talk nonsenso, to occupy tho chair. lu faot, no res- pectable man will now "offer himself for tho honours ; and tho influoutial magistrates havo loni; ago ceased to attend tho bench with any degree of certainty, and tho solicitors aro beginning to fool tho ell'eots of tho want of confidence which tho oublie havo in our local courts. Yours, Sea., laVKBINA. 