L\T£R NEWS FROM ENfi LAND By tho Ethiopian, which arrived in Hobson's Bay, yesterday, we are placed in possession of English papers to tho 2nd of November, boing seven days' later dates than those to hand by the last mail. Wo make the following extracts : — Tnc late Explosion at Erith.— Tho inquiry into f.hn causes of tho lata t,«rrihl« exnlusion near Erith was resumed yesterday. Wo regret to have to re port (mother death, making tho thirteenth which has resulted from this deplorable ?accident. The suf ferer was a little boy named Yorko, who belonged to n family which had already sustained sevoro losses. A good deal of evidence had been taken, nnd tho inquest was again adjourned. — Shi})ping Gazette, November 1 SEiuolis Fire at Finsbury. — Between the hours of one and two o'clock u tire broke out on the pre mises belonging to Mr Cook, a cabinet-maker, situate in Ropomaker street, Fiusbury. So intense was ? the heat, and so dense the smoke, that six persons in No. 20 wero unablo to descend tho stairs beyond tho first floor. Conductor Freeman arrived with the Royal Societ 's escape, and brought them all down in safety. The firemen at ouco saw that all attempts to save Mr Cook's premises would bo use less. The . steam-engines and others wnre set to work from an abundant supply of tho New River Company's water, and by casting some thousand gallons of water per minute into the blazing pila, the flames were prevented from destroying the neighboring houses. Four, which wero let to seve ral families, were, however, severely injured by fire, and the contents by water and hasty removal. Mr Cook's premises were totally gutted, and, uufortn nately, tbe men's working tools wero destroyed. The origin of the disaster could not be ascertained, and. during the excitement which prevailed, it was impossible to learn whether any of the sufferers wero insured or not. — Evening Express, Nov. 2. The Exodus from Liverpool.— Yesterday (Tues day) tho Government emigration officials at Liver pool furnished our correspondents at Liverpool with the emigration returns for the month of Oc tober. These figures show a largo falling off in the number of passengers sailing from the Mersey during ucioucr, wuen compared witu mo returns of previous months. To the United States there sailed 12 ships under tho act, with 5751 passengers, 1576 of whom wero English, 2870 Irish, 241 Scotch, and 833 foreigners ; to Canada then: were 4 ships, with 448 paosengers ; of whom 203 were English, 87 Irish, 5 Scotch, and 28 foreigners ; to Victoria there were 2 Bhips, with 664 passengers, of whom 238 wore English, 348 Irish, 41 Scotch, aud 20 foreigners. Of Bhips sailing free from Govern ment supervision, 8 were to tbe United States, with 507 passengers ; 1 ship to Victoria, with 36 passengers; 2 ships to the West Indies, with 14 passengers ; 4 ships to South America, with 85 pas sengers ; 2 ships to East India, with 11 passengers ? 1 steamer to Africa, with 36 passengers. In tho corresponding month of last year there sailed 12,083 passengers. — Evening Express, January 2. Serious Railway Accident in Ireland. — A railway acc:dent, attended with fatal consequences, took place on Sunday night, near the town of Bal linosloe. As the one o'clock p.m. train from Dublin to Galway reached the Bog of Cfoiara, in conse quence of the extreme rapility at which it was then proceeding, a third class carriage iu immediate con nection with the engine ran oil the rails, br dik- ing the coupling between tho tender and tue train. The engine ran a considerable distance in advance of the train ; t.ie carriages following propelled the first carriage with so much force that it ran down the embankment into the adjoining field, dragging the others after it, and partly overturning the first and becond carriages completely, which wero imme diately shattered to pieces. The other carriages were drawn from one side to tbo other, and com pletely blocked up the line. The result of the acci dent waa that two parsons lost thoir lives, and nix others were severely injured. Those killed wore Mr George Glanvillo, builder, of Ballinasioe, and Mr Thomae Henry, mason, Galway. — TelegrapJt, November I. Tho Mercantile Gazette of 2nd November says : — The railway accident near Bal linasioe was the subject of investigation on Monday, when Mr Davis, coroner, held au inquest on the bodies of Mr Glanville and Thomas Hsm-y, at Muoklar's Hotel, Ballinasloe. The former, a builder, has left ten children, all, axci-iit two, de pending on him for support ; tbo latter, a stone mason, has left a widow and two children. The train consisted of two composite first-class car riages, two third-class carriages and a break- van. The third-class carriages were occupied mostly by harvest-men, who were returning home. Six persons received sericua injuries, and about treenty others were more or less bruised. They wore immedi ately removed to Ballinasloe, where they were placed in the hotel and in private houses, and re ceived prompt attention from tho medical men of the place. The news of the disaster having been telegraphed to Dublin, Mr Forbes, the traffic man ager, arrived about nine p.m. by special train, bringing with him Surgeon Fleming. Mr Eunis, M.P., ohairman of the line, with sovwal of the di rectors, arrived on Monday morniug, and they were joined by Lord Clancarty and Lord Dunlo. The resident magistrate, Mr J. M. Hatchol, and the sub inspector of constabulary, Mr Sweeny, liad also hastened to the spot. The directors shew eveiy dispo sition to have a searching inquiry into the cause of the accident, which is atiil a mystory. Mr N. T. Huwke, a gentleman from Plymouth, who was in a second class carriage, deposed that the train wan l:e iiud time in leaving Atblono, and that after aome im the speed was increased until it became fearful a-id. alarming. He remarked upon the violent u&eilktion; to Mr Pearso, a fellow passenger. He thougut tue speed was between fifty and sixty English miles an hour. Though he was in tbe habit of travelling in Eugland and Wales about 15,000 miles- a year by rail, he never felt such oscillation before. A shock soon took place, when he exclaimed, ' Good God ! thore is something wrong ; there is some accident.' He said his compa nion then got out. They saw the carriages fear fully smashed, and hei.rl some of the passengers shrieking and groaning. Two were dead. Others were wounded aud bleeding. Tiic driver was cool and collected, but seemed to be horrified. He did not see tho guard or tho engine-drive. Mr F. Le Poer Trench, who was in a first-class carriage, described tho motien, not as oscillation, or as shak ing from side to side, bat as a series of ''bumps,' as if the carriages went over a stone. He could not tell the rato of speed, but he was not struck with the impression that they were travelling faster than usual. The guard told him that he had been thrown on the opposite side of tho carriage, and he was himself obliged to keep his hands on parcels in order to keep them on the soat. The inquest was aljourned. Trial for Murder ix Ireland. — The trial of Mr Odell, a barrister, who was indicted for shoot ing a bailiff while in the execution of his duty, was concluded at Dublin on Satnrday, before the Lord Chief Baron and Mr Justice Ball. The medical evideuce proved that at the time the pri soner committed the offence ho wa3 not of sound mind. Tho jury, therefore, acqnitted him on the ground of insanity, end he will bo confined during the pleasure of tho Lord Lientcnant. — Telegraph, Nov. 1. Opening of the Thames Valley Railway. — Yesterday morning this new railway, which is a branch of the London and South Western Railway, was opened to the public for passenger traffic. The line is seven and a half miles in length, aud, form ing a junction with the new Kingston branch neov Twickenham, will provide railway communication for a large and wealthy district between Twicken ham and Shopper ton, the latter being the terminus of the Thames Vulley Extension. It is a smglo line, the stations which are at Fullweli, Hampton, Sundbury and Shepperton, with the exception of tho tirst named, being provided with loop sidings. There is also a loop siding at the Thames Vulley junction with the Kingston Hue, while semaphore signals havo been erected for the working of the traffic. — Evening Express, November 2. Visit op General Todleben. — Chatham, 5th November: — General Todleben, who is now on a visit to this country, arrived at the garrison this morning, for tbe purpose of inspecting the naval and military establishments. The geut-ral, who was accompanied by General Sir John Burgcyne, G.C.B., Geeeral Sir Frederic Smitb, K.H., M'P., Captain the hon. G. Wrettesley, Mr E. J. Reed, chief con slrnctu' of the navy, and tht m ambers cf his sr: e, was i ? -i . ... uu tuighting at tko raihvti.v Niuiiun, i-.- Major- -t,iu.v;i1 Sir 15. Wulpoto, 1C.CB., Colonel Love)1. C.R., Colonel Collinson, nud other officers ; nml i.i.viiiji entered tbo enrritgea in waiting, were j.iv;'ii to tho dockyard, whoro they wore i-c-'.ived l-y Captain Stewart, C.B., nun the oiin i ulliciak of that establishment. Hero they 6pent i o nihi 'lorabls time in inspecting Uio liolloro l-Uon uiul IjouI Warden, iron o ad frigatis, both of which tiKi building from the designs of Mr Roed About nn hour was pnout by the general and ihr other visitors in inspecting both frigates, Mr Roed explaining the chief points of interest in connection with fcjili. After leaving tho duokyurd General Todlnbeu and suite, accompanied by tho other ?visitors proceeded to tUo Royal Engineer o.Uab lishniflnt, whoro they took luncheon in tho Royal Engineers' mesa-men, to which n party of about fifty of the principal nuval and mili tary oilicrrj of the port nud garrison hnd boeu invited. After luncheon General Todollien visitod tho principal objects of interest nt tho Royal En gineers otnblisliment, including the balls of study, museum, schools and other departments, nftor which he preceded to tho field works, whoro upwards of an bom- was Bpeut in traversing and inspecting tho parallels, rcDguzines, batteries, and other dofensiv. works constructed by tho Royal Sappers and Miners during ih« past summer. On leaving tko Hold works General I'odlebeu returned to Broraptou Bar racks, and shortly afterwards quilted tho garrison for London, tho usunl guard of honor being dis pensed v.'ith. — Express November 2. The Cotton Manufacturing Distiucts. — Tho Boltou b-'nrd C guardiniiB havo had tho question of union rating under discussion, at tbo request of thu Poor Law board, and have decided nguiiist it by a majority of 1, the voting being 17 to 10. Tho roturn published by tho chief corstablo, at Bolton, nt tho close of September, showed thnt 3830 were working short time, and that 3G13 wero out of work. Iu Oc tober, however, the number on short timo is in creased to 8770, and thoso out of work to 5001. There wub also nn increaso last week of 311 in tho number on tho books of tho relief committee. Tho board of guardians last week relieved 1307 persons, tho previous week being 4,1G1 ; being an increaso on tho week of 110. On Monday afternoon an open air meeting of uuom ployed f.iciory operatives was held nt Oldhnin, to to take into consideration tho proseut condition of factory workers in Lancashire. It was computed that there were about '1000 persons present. The chair whs occupied by Mr Kinder Smith, who condemnod tho Central Committees of Man chester for not distributing the money en trusted to their care in n more liberal manner than th.y hnd done. Mr John Matthews, of Manches'er, proposed the first resolution — 'That, in consequence of tho wido- spread distress that pro vails in tho cotton districts by the continuance of the wnr in America, this meoting is desirous that her Majesty's government should bring their influ ence to bear, together with tho governments of France and other European Powers, iu stopping the awfnl destruction of life and property that is now going on in that unhappy country.' Mr Joshua Coop seconded tho resolution, which was then agreed to. Mr Mortimer Grinishaw then moved a resolution to tho effect that her 'Majesty's government bo ' memorialised to bring about an immediate and total x-opeal of the duties on cotton yarn and cotton goods imported into British India ; and that tko borough and ? county mi'inhers bo requested to accompany a de putation appointed to present such memorial to Lord Palmers! nn. Ho condemned tho policy of Sir Charles Wood in India, contending that it had had tho effect of decreasing the exports of cottou yarn to that country one-half, and of cotton goods nearly ono-half. He quoted numerous figures in support of this .statement, and contended that Lord Stanley ought to bn put into tho place now occupied by Sir Charles Wood. The resolution was seconded, and unanimously adopted. — Express, November 2. Notification of Blockade. — It is notified in last night's O'uselte. that Karl Russell, K.G., her Mnjos ty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, haa received from her Majesty's Acting Charge d' Affaires nt Caracas a despatch, enclosing a copy of ii decree, dated tho 13th of September, 180-1, issued by tho head of the Venezuelan Government, declaring that nn insurrection having occurred in ing from tho mouth of Vagres to that of Navios, all tho canals formed by the Delta of tho Orinoco, and the margins of that river, including Ciudad Bolivar, are closed, and the ports, coasts and villages of tho sf me are blockaded by tho Yenczuelim Government. — JSxprcs, November 2. Extraordinary Scenk. — Pkepabing for L-eatu. — On Tuesday morning last, at an early, honr, a ceremony of a very peculiar character occurred at tho West Bromwich Coinetery. At about six o'clock, Mr George Wilks, nn octogenarian politician, who Lad been taking a leading part in affairs of a local naturo for many years, accompanied by n few private friends, nssembled for the purpose of laying the first stone of the grave iutondod for the recap tion of his remains ' when ho has sbullled off this mortal coil.' Tho early hour at which tho ceremony took place prevented any nssem blngo of the inquisitive, when Mr Wilks's notoriety would have been sure to havo produced, especially as, after a spirited contest, ho has again been returnod a lnembar of the board of guardians. Mr T. P. Brongh, a fellow guardian, and the Fidns Achates of the expectant deceased, was selected to perform tho ceremony, and waB presented with an elaborate silver1 trowel, which had been expressly manufactured for the occasion by Mr T. Brough, Jan., of Howard street, Birmingham. Mr Broach, Having received the trowel, after the usual formali ties had been performed, read tho following address in a very impressive manner: — 'In tho name ' of the ratepayers of West Bromwieh I do heroby lay tho first brick of the tomb of our dearly beloved 'nnd esteemed patriot, George Wilks, and we beseech The*. O Lord, that the little time ho has to live in this world, he mny live in tho fear and lovo of God, so that in hi3 last moments he may be able to say, ' Ail is well, all is well,' and may his noble spirit ascend to that place whoro all is love and harmony — Heaven — and be able to exclaim, ' All is woll.' O Lord, we beseech Thco to fill this tomb with the love of the Holy Ghost.' After tho ceremony had concjudt^l, thoso in attendance receivod the sacra ment.- /'irmint.hain Gnselle. Attempted Murder at Windsor. — On Monday morning, at tho Town-hall, Amelia Steed, a woman about forty years of ago, was brought up, on re mand, charged before Mr Thomas Cleave (the mayor), and Messrs Hnnson and Driver, the sitting borough magistrates, charged with unlawfully and maliciously firing a pistol at her master, George Davis, one of tho Castle sweeps, living at Keppel htreet, Windsor, last Wednosday evening. Several witnesses wero examined, and from their widened it appeared that the woman Steed had lived with Davis as his housekeeper on this and on a formi'i' occasion. On Tuesday, sho asked hor mast r for her wages, which ho at once paid. Steed, af tor thi.-, made use of some throats, and on Wednesday evening, abo.it twenty minutes to ten o'clock, whilo Davis was standing at a littio distance from the door of liis house, Steed riijhcd up to him, and fired a pistol, which had been loaded with small shot, at her master, at the same timo exclaiming, ' Tako Ih'it, you ? .' The prisoner, very pro videntiully missed her aim, but tho shot passed close to Davis's whiekors,and.uearly stunned him, as the wenpuu wasdisclmrged at a distance of only six yards, while a Mr O'Shea, who witnessed this at tempt upon the life ofDuvn, fell to the ground at tho shoci: oi 'tho discharge. Tho wretched woman, after filing the weapon, ilud iuto tho houso of her master, nnd wiim imillediatoly afterwards arrested by police-constable Cooper, 12, of tho Windsor police. Search was afterwards made, when the weapon (a small pistol), a box containing nine caps, some powder und shot, iiud a couple of razors were found coni'talcil in her room, and these were on Monday pro ??' ??d-d in court. None of the articles belonged to Djvii«, who denied having ever seen them before. Tho policeman found no less than twenty shot murks in the pnlings standing in the direction in which the pistol wus pointed, and extracted one of the shots from tho pules. On the charge being read over to the prisoner by Mr Long, tho maghtate's clerk, the miserable woman replied that she had nothing to say to it. She had, in fuct, inadu no atti'inpt. to palliaio her crime. The magistrates accordingly committed tho prisoner to leading to take Jinr trial nt the next assizes. — Mcrcuidilc Qastttc, November 1. Tii.voic Oc(.'uki:i;kce at Wkymoutii. — At a very early hmir, o:i Monday morning, tiie household of Capiain Djw, of Elwell, Weyinoulh, were startled by criaa of 'Murder' 'proceeding from the upper part of the hou?e. In n bedroom from which the cries proceeded one of the servants wus found to be in n stale of great excitement. Sho said a man, who hud ju-it escaped by the window, pounced upon her wiiilu the was asleep, and had nearly strangled hor. Upon search being made a ladder, which lml been removed from a honso undergo ing repairs not fur distant, was found iiitains't the wall, rind, no doubt, by this lurf-itr the muu g.ui'jd a.:Q':m io iLe mm. ..-,.- Us of violence wan luuud on the uuck uf me girl. About seven o'clock on Monday morning a marine artilleryman, named Honry Stokes, belong ing to her Majesty's ship Black Prince, was found lying dead, frightfully disfigured, in a deep stone cutting of tho Portland Railway, which runs at the back of tho house. The deceased is supposed to li.ivo been tho midnight disturber, nnd whether ho had mistaken tho houso for another, or whether ho intended to commit a robbory, is not very clear. Certain it is that his boots corresponded with tho murks leading from tho back of tho houso to the cutting at tho bottom of which tho body wns found. Ho either forgot or was not awaro of tho proximity of the cutting. An inquest was held on Monday aftoruoon, and n verdict of ' Found dead' was re turned. — Mercantile Oazttle, November 1. Love and Suicide. — On Monday, Mr Blackburn, the Leeds borough coroner, held an inquest at the Crown Inn, Wortley, on the body of George Hibbort Lawton, a young man of twenty-two. Deceased was un hotel waiter, and about four months ago ho was acting as boots nt Garratt's boarding-house, iu Wellington street, Leeds. Hero he became ac qnaiuted with tho kitchen maid, Priscilla Garnett, and this acquaintance soon ripoued into intimacy. About uino weeks ago, both Law toil and Garnett left their situations, the deceased goiug to a new placo at tho Saddle Hotel, and tho girl accopting a situation ns kitchen-maid in the Wellington Hotel, Leeds. Last Thursday night ho went to seo Garnott, and asked her to marry him, but sho declined, on tho ground that deceased had no homo to which he could take her. On Friday night, doceased again renewed his offer and was again declined, on which ho said ' she must thank God sho was on her master's premises, as ho would otherwise lnive made an cud of her.' Ho left her romarking that she would never seo him ngain. On Saturday morning, a little before six o'clock, Lawton's dead body was found on tho West Yorksbire line upon tho railway bridgo which crosses the Gelderd road. His hand was a few inches from tho longi tudinal sleeper on tho down line, and his feet wero toward tho parapet of tho bridge. His cap wns laid within tho four feet, some three or four yards away from tho corpse, and two ' lumps' of brains were found, tho one two yards and tho other throe yards away from the body. The top part of tho skull had been entirely removed by the iron guard, and death must havo been in stantaneous. In his pocket was found the following letter, addressed ' To J. H. Law ton, Wellington hotel, Wellington street, Leeds :— 0 Wellington street, Mrs Wood's Temper ance Hotel. —Whoever finds this my Boady Make It none at wouco and convoy It To Wellington Hotel, Wellington street, Leeds, and My god have mercy on my Soul and my God grant my power Father Soport under this sfflectiou. Priscilla Garnott, ser vant at the Wellington Hotel, is tho cause of this. I will nunt hor at Night. Sho has something to Answer for. — G. H. Lawton.' It will appear that tho deceased has been of weak mind since his in fancy, and that nn illness he had experienced three months ago had still further unsettled him. The jury found that deceased had been discovered lying dead on the railway, having apparently beon killed by a passing engine, but that as to his state of mind there was no direct evidence to show. — Mer- cantile Gazette, November 1. 