: KAPUffDA GOSSIP. Peter Titssf.qxx informs the Hwtyip that the Kapunda Ploughing Match, on Tues day last, was a great success, so far as the competition waa concerned, notwith standing some rows and growls on the field. P. F. informs tho Bunyip that the at tendance was very poor, considering the importance of the District of Light, that the temperate conduct of the police was beyond all praise, and that the horse Btock was not good. P. F. informt tho Bunyip that there were very few strangers present; that the only outlying machinist was K. Martin, of Gawler ; the only miller, J. Mitchell, of same place ; the only good agriculturist of any importance, Delany ; the only good scribe, ' Miles's boy.' ; P. Jb\ informs the Bunyip that the dinner in Crase's large room was first rate, under Mr. Hart's special superin tendence ; that the attendance was very «mall ; that only about twenty sat down'; that the sequel (when the free admissions increased the number to about fifty) was of slow character, but that some good speeches and songs were delivered ; that there was only t»n* Kapunda business man present— namely, M r. Lewis ; that Dr. Clendiuning, on his first appearance in public, made a favorable impression ; that three others came after dinner — one to propose a toast, another to contribute in jal#eito, and another to do the soft laudatory of returning thanks to the chair; that several loading agriculturists also were missed fr--m the dinner; that one large farmer was like to kick ' Milos's boy' into fits in Cra,se'» hall ; and thafe, had he kicked him where he intended, it is exceedingly questionable whether we should ever again have seen the youth, or been troubled with any more 'gossip under the verandah.' P. F. informs the Bunyip that a very large number of . store-keepers, wheat buyers, and other business men, get their living by the farmers, and that it ia a pity, therefore, they do not give their personal as well as their pecuniary sup port to the local agricultural society: that the guinea or half guinea may be a desirable encouragement, but a society like this requires more than the half guinea ; it must stand and prosper in a ureat measure through the amount of personal support given to it by the lead ing business men of the central town; and. tuita benr, were it not for our agri culturists, several of our well-to-do shop keepers iu K ? would have given up the commercial ghost long ago; and it ?savours slightly of ingratitude on their parts now to give the cold shoulder, so palpably, to tho only farmer's society in the district. P. F. informs the Bunyip that the President, Mr W. C Oldhatn, acquitted himself well in the chair, and that he was .ably supported in his Vices by Messrs. O'Loughtiu and B^dge ; that the Chairman's allusion to hw intended, de parture flora the district in which he has rough-ridden goats and all sorts of animals since his infancy was very affect ing; that Mr. Lewis's speech was very trood ; so was Mr. Ridge's ; that Mr. Allen's speech proposing 'the Press' was charitable and good natured ; and that his complimentary allusion to the TF*rrtlii and Httnyip was unexpected. Leaving- the agricultural interest, Peter begs leave to go into the ' pastoriai' and other pursuits. P. F. informs the Bunny that Mr. Mullen, saddler, has got over another supply of Melbourne beef — ' as good a» vver was killed' — and that one of the large butchers, having been captivated with the advantages of general specula lion, is thinking of importing saddlery and goose grease at prices which will defy competition. P. F. informs the Buuy ip that every body is eorry at John Drewster having been fined £ 10 on Monday last for sell ing grog by the bottle ; 'that a similar information against another firm might have carried a similar judgment, were it not, as some people say, that one is a J.P , aud of course would never attempt ' such a thing :' that the S.M. strained a point in aid of the* revenue in John's ease, and that the previous characters of the informant and defaulter ought to have had weight in deciding both as to the conviction and the penalty. Touso Mex's Cubistiav Associa tion. — The Congregational branch of this Association held their usual monthly meeting on the 4th September. There was au average attendance; the paper promised by Mr. Keats waa not read, as that gentleman had not time to write it, in consequence, the evening was devoted to readiug a portion of scripture .The members propose having a Tea Meeting in about a fortnight, after which, the officers will be elected for the next session.- ' The Willastox New School — This very creditable structure was opened on Monday with a tea party and evening meeting — handsome cheer charactersiing the former, while tolerable speeches, good recitations, and entertaining vocal music, characterised the latter. The most re markable features of the latter being ap propriate illustrations of the advance of art, science, and general knowledge, through education imparted in early life, given by Mr. T. O. Jones, and other gentlemen, and Mr. Davis's *'pherry phunny' and original idea that the ad mirable recitations of Messrs. Roberts and W. Loutit from our men of mighty mind and bye-gone days were not so de sirable as compositions, of to-day and of everybody's own. Ob, shades of Shakes peare .and Milton, Wesley and Cowper, Goldsmith and Soutitey, Hood and In goldsby, pardon the insulting and pre sumptive notion ! 1 , AuesKMEXTSo— ASfe bosj to call atten tion to an advertisement in oiir columns announcing the appearance of the Nathan Family. A most attractive programme has been issued ; and the great reputa tion our young friends have already gained at the Victoria Theatre will, vre trust, ensure a full house. Mr. Chambers, a very clever dancer, will appear at the same time: ? A\'e ar« glad to learn tljat Mons. Simonsen;and his highly, talented wifcihteud shortly paying us a visit, ac companied by Missus Warden and Liddle, vocalists of no small standing. The press generally speak highlv of Madame's ex quisite voiet*. and proclaim M. Simonsen's performance on the violin to be almost marvellous.' We may, therefore, antici pate a great musical treat when the party arrives. Railway Accidents. — On tho 1st September, as the 0.15 up train to Adelaide from Gawler approached the fourteenth mile post, near Salisbury, an axle of a van broke. The train pulled up almost im mediately. One wheel and axle of the van passed under the carriages and bent the axles, and broke through the bot tom of both carriages. None of the pas sengers was hurt. On account of the axles of the carriages being bent, a van was unloaded for the accommodation of the female passengers. The male pas sengers went on in the open trucks The engine driver, on arriving at Salisbury, telegraphed for another engine to be ready in Adelaide on the arrival of the injured train. Mr. Orchard, the Superin tendant of Permanent Way, was in the train at the time of the accident, and sent, a messenger immediately to collect hands, and to Adelaide for wheels, to be for warded by special engine. Tho down train was delayed only a few minutes. The permanent way was put in complete repair the same day. . The hindennost wheels of the van never left the line. Great praise is due to Mr. Kutchiuson, the driver of the train, for his promptness in bringing up the train, and for his general exertions ; and to Mr. Orchard, for his zeal in assisting the passengers and in clearing and putting the line in repair. Another accident occurred on Tuesday last to the mid-day train from Gawler to Adelaide, when about one and a-half miles north of Smithfield, in conse quence of one of the vans running off the line. No serious dainage was occasioned, j but the train was delayed a short time, i several of tlie transomes having got dis placed. - 