ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATEES, ko. \- *% Glrp dm lure To apetk taj 1 HffAiDMABE. W«»~ It^p^h nnfllfallia^yhaTingli/vjliiMll theTcputation of beissg competent write* of ftross and light drainatio literature in general, it wiflbcdeemcdflatheresytoeaythettiie latest specimen of their work to he eeen on the yic torifln stage, sod now being played at the Theatre Boyal, is very sorry .stuff indeed. If a oolonial author had written it, both he and hie fercc would have been promptly oon: signed to theatrical perdition. It is never expected that afaroe shall have any very elabo rated plot, but it is requisite, one would tliiofc, that the story, however biding, should be of a land that maybe readily understood. But there uuextto nothingin this faroe, and it is impossible dearly to understand the meaning of that little. One could readily fancy that the whole thing had been extemporised—that the actors had said to one another, " let us have a lark with the audience; let us go on the stage and eay something about dogs, something about doge that are lost; those who lose them shall be angry, and those who find them shall be bewildered." And so, with a few accessories, common to pieces of this daas —to wit, a breakfast scene with a domestic | altercation, a rich old aunt who won't make a proper use of her money, a low-oomedy man with a provincial dialect, and a hunt local colouring thrown over the whole, we have the farce. It is fortunate for Messrs. I Brough and Co. that the parts were in good [ hands. With Mr. Iambert in the principal 1 character, and with Mr. Ireland and Mr. 1 Andrews to help him, hardly any piece could ] be entirely unsuccessful. As to Mr. Ireland, j it was quite worth the money to see with } what dexterity he leaped over the tables and j chairs. Obviously, he has been training at 1 the gymnasium. It is a feat to boast of, to I clear a round table at one spring, and j to do it not once, but half a dozen I times. He impressed me as being pre-emi ■ nently a light comedian, and, as wonders do I not cease, there is no telling if one of these j days be may not burst npon the world as a die | tinguished trapezium It requires a long time I for a man to discover all of what he is capa ■ ble. As to Messrs. Brough and Halliday, I they ought to be vciy grateful indeed to him I for infusing liveliness into their exceedingly I incomprehensible, feme. Perhaps these gen I tlemen bad a secret purpose in writing this I piece—to test the extent of endurance of an I audience, and that thus the title of " Going I to the Dogs" would be exceedingly appro I priate, as descriptive of the condition of the I drama in which such a piece is successful. One I ought sometimes to look for hidden meanings, I and not judge according to what is seen on the I surface. To balance a had new farce we have I had a very good old play at the Theatre I Boyal. That is to eay, old in comparison, for I we go at such a pace now-a- days that last I night. seems a distant age. " Damon and I Pythias" will always maintain .its popu I larity, however, if it live as long as I the plays of Sophocles. For the sen I is pure, the story simple and I touching, the language poetical, and the I characters distinctly individualised. And the I partof " Damon" is of a kind that suits Mr. I Sullivan exactly; though he might judiciously I exhibit intensity where he has recourse to I mere loudness. I believe he acts against his | better judgment in doing so, but the bad taste I of the upper gods is imperative, and perhaps { their boisterous applause is tempting. Mr. I Heir gave a quiet, dignified reading of the I port of "Pythias," and Mr. Fitxgerald was, as I be always is, carefully effective as the Tyrant. I The BCer.'c resources in the way of classical I scenery — this theatre enabled the manage I ment to put it well on the stage, and the I garden scene at Damon's villa was sugges I tively appropriate. Miss Cany George I never appeared to greater advantage than I in rti" scene. She exhibited I an amount of earnostness and power I for which she has hardly had credit I given her. She improves manifestly. I A London critic described the " Hidden [ Hand" as " a very dreary play, relieved by I two or three exciting situations." The London I critic was wrong for once. The " Hidden I Hand," produced for the first tune in the colo I nies at Die Haymarket last Saturday, is the 1 Tery opposite of a dreary play.' Of the school I of which it is an example, it may be regarded I as an excellent specimen; perhaps, all things I considered, the best we hare had in Melbourne. I ]^e many others, it is an adaptation Bom the ] French, and tlms one may readily account for I the neatness of its construction and its general l compactness throughout. It la ingeniously I arranged, so that the catastrophe is continually I expected but never anticipated, and thus the j attention of the audience is kept alive from I beginning to end. It is a story of poisoning, I the poisoner being, as is usual in sensation I dramas, a woman. The motive, however, is I somewhat different from that ordinarily sup I posed to prompt to deeds iff homicide iff this I description. Itis not jealousy, nor revenge, I nor desire of gain, but a mixture of I ancestral pride and grandmaterual love. I The intended victim is a young lady 1 about to be married, and the object of I jpfting away with her is to adsance the j interests of another young lady,her half-sistor. I The poisoner is an old lady, and there is a I middle-aged 'lady suspected of being the S poisoner, bat who is niff) and thus, as may be I supposed, them oonun about a very serious I amount of complication and mystery in con I nexton with the poisoning alone. But when, I In addition to the poison business, them is i love and jealousy, and cause for joelousy, and I speUi end conjurations, it is easy to believe I that the domestic effort of the establishment I wherein oil this fakes place am hot remarkable I tor perfect serenity and smoothness. More j over, there is a knight, one Bir Oaradoo of I Ithd, who divides his time toleeably equolly J befcwecnlovaairiA phytic, and who, wo find, baa j ™rui» considerable progress in the study of { toxtoclogy—so much progress,infeot,astohnve j anticipated by a good many years some of flse I ditooreriM in that branch of forensic medicine ] 41>«t, jffwWtiwg to authentic accounts, were 1 not made until a good many yean after {the period In which the events of this I play Are supposed to have happened. 1 Hut, as there is high warrant tor j the cmploymentof anachronisms, and, as it. ] Nally hedquito'astriking effect to seo the actual { production cf Bcheele's green hy the ammo ] nio-anjphato of copper, making It quite oer> 1 tain that arsenic was ihe poison employed to | bring Dib young lady to epremafcure end, the j llb^riuyirodiiyhapardiBad. l fc«w>the really heading chuaoterot this piece is the old lady who attempts the poison ing. She is evidently not regarded as Hie , leading part, because Mrs. Vincent sustains j that of the middle-aged lady, and Mrs. Vin cent is, of course, understood to do the j leading-lady business at the Saymarlcet. Nevertheless, it is as I have said, and there is far more opportunity for expressive acting in the part of Lady Ch-iffyd than in that .of j Lady Fenarvon; and Mrs. Hollo way, who sua tamed the former, quite rose until the ocea «ion. Her make-up was a triumph of appro priate costume. She looked ae if she had walked out of some old picture, with her quaintly-cut black relrct gown, trimmed with broad lace, and her closely-fitt ing coif. The measured tone of voice she usually employs was, in this instance, quite appropriate. She looked the dignified handsome elderly dame to the life, and, when ahe poisoned herself, to the death too. She preserved the appearance of paralysis with much nice attention to the requirements of circumstance, so that it was almost painfully startling when she suddenly showed that she had the perfect use of her hands, and that she employed them to take the life of an tmsnspecting and innocent girl. Perhaps the most exciting scone of the piece is that in which Enid, her grand- daughter, is being questioned aa to her knowledge of the murderer, and appearing tobe about to divulge what she has learned by accident, the door of a summer-house suddenly opens and Lady G rifled appears, pale, rigid, and ghost-like, as if to protest against her ingratitude. The scene of the hand thrust through the arras to drop the poison into the cup is exceedingly sensationah It adds to this sort of interest to keep the poisoner out of sight for a whole act, and to raise expectation to a high pitch by continual suggestions of her invisible in fluence. All this communicates a good deal to the impressiveness of the character, mid helps to impart to it the prominence to which I have refenecL j Nevertheless, the character sustained by ' Mrs. Vincent is far from being an unimpor tant' one, and it is of the kind to which her particular talent can do full justice. It is that of a neglected wife, who, being acntely conscious of the neglect shown to her, and yearning with a woman's nature for sympathy, bestows her love in a direction to which her duty does not point, but yet, as it would seem, she is ready to grow dutiful again when her husband shall become domestic. In real life one could scarcely avoid coming to the con clusion that something beyond a platonic at tachment had taken place, judging by her own recorded confessions in a journal ahe is ao in discreet as to keep; but ae she assures her husband that matters had not gone eo far as to justify him in having recourse to the Divorce Court, he believes her with quite a surprising readiness, and they appear to he on the best possible terms immediately. But ae he almost directly after suspects her of being the poisoner, it is dear he has not quite freed his mind from ' distrust; and there are several "scenes," highly unpleasant in a domestic sense, bnt of course extremely interesting dramatically considered, and therefore well calculated to display, as I have eiud, Mre. Vincent's admirable powers. Indeed, nothing could be much finer than her exhibition of the conflicting emotions con sequent upon being charged with the crime, the apparent proof being the confessions in her diary. The generous, genial, open-handed, open-hearted nobleman was well personated by Mr. Vincent; and the philosophic knight, Sir Caradoc, not ineffectively by Mr. O'Brien. There is nothing in the nature of a comic element in the piece, if I except a queer sort of fellow who looks like a dealer m rabbit skins, and who attires himself in a suit made from furs of that description. I do not think he is intended by the author to be at all comic, but being so, be may be quoted as another instance among many of an author doing more than he contemplated. The two young ladies are fairly represented by Mrs Hill and Miss Stewart respectively. The get ting up of this piece is beyond the ordinary scenic attempts at the Haymarket; the last scene is especially picturesque, and is not spoiled by those converging lines that are so constantly insisted upon in architectural "sets." The sceno in the first act, however, is spoiled ! by an open door big enough to permit the entrance of a lord mayor s coach, driver's cocked-hat and alL I don't think even in an ancient Welch bsronial mansion there would be a door so big. But stage doors and windows are always perploxinglv unlike ally tiling real. JAQUES. 