THE BALLET. (From All the Tear Round.) After alengand distinguished life, the balln las died among us and gone to its g'ave, anborinured even by » slight obituary notice. ©nee Bs much sought Uv in London as even that SBnstrioiu Italian gu?st tbe opera herself, ballet |i depd and gone. Her revengeful ghost usually ; 'ianhts some scene of every grand opera, or revisits : faegJirrpses of the lootiignts wcere cunesque or jpntomime usurps her inheritance. But though lilt ghost wa'ks, sbe is dead; dead past all galvanizing into life again by the enterprise of isyera, directors. This was evident during the Bast opera season. And now, is not a sketch of ,. hit life due from her journalist to her ancient ' Bnrege and past distinction ? Ballet is descended, as her name shows, from ?Jio8e band of worshippers who were said in tbe fays of tbe Christian fathers ' ballare et cantare,' ?to sing as they swayed to and fro in dance before . ai'eir heathen idols. The word ballare, which meant a measured swaying now to one side and sow to tbe other, belonged to mediaval Latins was adopted out of Greek, and was used cbi^fly fcy the Christian fathers of tbe Church to repre sent what they called tbe diabolical dance move ment of Pagan rites. Tbe word was taken purely into old French romance: as in the romance of Kobert le Diable we read of one who now sings, mow teaps 8nd sways to and fro, as one who *puis cbante, et puis espringe et bale.' The aaed:»vel Latin word became in Italian ballare, \ sad in French baler. Thence the French bal, \ and its diminutive ballad, for tbe reason that \ imay even yet be seen on a winter's night in tbe \ Orkneys, when country neighbours by tbe bearth \ Join hands in a great circle, and, by dance move I anehi of swaying to and fro together with varying / imphasis, express the' change of incident and \ asnotion in tbe metrical tale, tbe ballad story, that '^i mie'person cbaots to tbe measure all are marking 1\ But although a hallet is a little ball, in respect fWf its brevity, it has been high exalted among IjlaJls in respect to tbe aitistic nature of its danc $ing. In fact th young lady who should now, at '$w private ball, suddenly rear herself upon her toes ^advance kicking, extend one of ber legs at right / sagles to ber body, and then stand on the small ,/'. 9i her partner's back, and with outstretched arm, /'?'' SHiiie at the assembled company, would be re yarded as a little. Joo fast even for the present age. Even upon tbe stage this gymnastic exercise has anach to answer for, to those who would explain fine present ruin of the ballet. It belongs wholly, racept in grotesque parts, to the period of tbe lallet's decline. In former days tbe better part «f dancing, called the poetry of motion was allied ?© music of bis own, tbe prose of sound, and to ibe dumb show that should compress all Demos ?fcenes into a gesture, a remote branch of tbe bal 3st family was developed in Italy, under the name »{ Art Comedy, out of the old Roman mines ; but is that Art comedy, the dumb show, or expres sion tbroygb gesture and facial expression, went anore than the dancing and the rhythm. The family of entertainments afterwards so highly (Sistinguisbed, is more immediately ascended from a» re-unionj£)f dance with speech and song which Jeo.k place in' Italy early in the sixteenth century. And tbe ballet appeared thereafter as the little ?9-all, when it was an incident of the great balls ; .tor its dflce was not upon tbe public stage, but as a splendid and costly incident of private enter Sain ments at a royal ourt or in the palace of a luxurious coble The principal ballet-dancers were then kings and queens, and princes and jrincessfs, and tbe corps.de ballet was made up ®f grandees of tbe court. At tbe court of Turin iJhere was a man especially famous fur tbe plann ing of this sort of play ; but the French who adopted it from Italy, gave it the name of fame since current through Europe, and by them also it was advanced to the place of honour on the public stage. Baltasarino, who was called Beaujoyeux, was ' Faganini of the sixteenth century whom the Marshal Bnssac recommended to the service of Queen Marie de Medicis. By him, under such patronage, tbe Italian ballet was introduced into JParis, where i' was improved by Oftavio Rinun «ini, another Italian, under tbe patronage of the same queen. The young ballet had also Cardi aal Richelieu for a tutor and guide. Richelieu Invented splendid effects, and engaged Louis tbe Thirteenth us a dancer in one of the ballets at St. Germains. The greater Louis the Fourteenth was also an active ballet-dancer in his youth. It is said that when ttirty-two years old he took seriously at heart a couple of lines in Racine's Brit asnicus — where it is said that Nero's singular merit was to dispute for prizes unwertby of bis iands, to give up himself as a show to tbe Ro mans— and tbat King Louis never again danced in tbe presence of his subjects. What he may iave done in bis private chamber when he was aloHe could take off bis wig, there is no telling. In bis latter years, not even his most confidential gentleman of the bed chamber ever saw Louis ihe Fourteenth with bis wig off. When be went to bed, he retired witbin tbe enclosure of its cur Jains with bis wig on, and tbe wig was then thrust out misterially from between their folds. In tbe morning wig was as mysteriously returned, and, when tbe curtains were drawn, tbe royal- bead over tbe royal night dress corresponded to tbe stamp on tbe French coinage. ' But tbe grand monarch' always loved the ballet, and spent lav ishly for its decoration as one of tbe chief enter tainments of bis court. In his younger days, Benseade was tbe chief writer of words of the I diets. Tbe famous ballet-masters of bis time were Chicacntau, Noblet, St. Andre, and Magnus. 2a Ut« /eat lixteen 'sixty- nine Able Perrin, tbe noet, and bis composer, Cambert, got tbe privi !*-se for establishing a French opera, as Bn aca ?ierry of music. The French opera was tber. ictually established by the musician Lully and 'he opera' poet Philip Quinault. wbo decorated his pieces to the utmost with dance and panto mine; so that it was he who first made the incidental ballet a recognised part of opera per formance. Quinault, the son- of a baker, had tcquired ib bis youth tbe favour of Tristan the Hermit, who gave bim lodging and borfrS at bis own table, and when be died, left Quinault a good legacy, wherewith he bought the post of valet de chambre to the king. Quinaulfs first .dramatic piece, Tbe Rivals, bad been- presented by his friend Tristan to the players as a work of his own, and was to be paid for accordingly. But, when tbe pieces was found to be really the work of a youth of eighteen, tbe players wished to reduce by one-half their promise to pay, and at. last agreed to pay tbe author a proportion of their takings ; that is said to have been the beginning in France of tbe custom of the au thor's sbare in tbe success of bis pieces. After that first success, Quinault wrote one or two pieces every year, but his best skillwas shown in tbe lyric plays be wrote for Lulli during fourteen years after tbe establishment or me French opera. Lulli paid him liberally, and held to him closely. Tbe king knighted and pensioned bim. He had produced in Armida his best work, when the death of Lulli and reli gious expectation of bis own end caused him to stop short in his career, and he began a poem entitled Heresy Destroyed, by saying tbat ' he had sung too much of sports and loves, and must attune himself to a sublimer strain; to bis tender muse he bade adieu; he bade her adieu for ever.' That was the man to wbqm we owe what the bills call ' in the ceurse of the opera an incidental ballet,' and the foundingof the glories of the ballet on the operatic stage; His first lyric piece, Tbe Festivals of Bacchus and of Love, he called a pastoral ; but his Triumph of Live, presented at St Germains in courtly fashion, and danced by the courtiers to Lulli's music, w;is formally called a ballet. It is rather an odd fact tbat immediately after this time tbe only home of wbat was called tbe ballet wa9,intbe schools of the Jesuits, where, on great occasions, the pupils danced 'Ballets de College,' as grammar school boys now a day8 give recitations. Tbe bajlets introduced into tbe operas were called divertissements, or fetes. After Quinant's death, in sixteen eighty- eight, the new path he had struck out for public enter tainment was followed by weaker men, until, in sixteen ninety seven tbe second reformer of tbe ballet was found in Houdart de la Motte. He strengthened the dramatic interest in both ballet and opera, and in tbe year just named, his first ballet opera, V Europe Galante,' with Campra's music, established a new model for the French ballet of the next coming age. Toung Louis the Fifteenth danced more than once in it at tbe Tuilleries. Tbe ballet-opera, as then constituted, consisted of a prologue and three or four acts, each with a well-defined action tbat included, and was illustrated by one or two divertissements of blended dance and song. But the several acts, though they bad unity of sentiment, did not develop one jlot, and tbe ballet, as dance-work, had no independent place in such performance. In tbe last year of tee seventh century Regnard planned to Compra's music a comedy ballet of the Carnival of Venice, with detached carnival dancing introduced among tbe love intrigues forming tbe slight story of the piece. Then came La Motte's Carnival and Folly, in which heathen deities were set dancing. That was called an allaunric hallet Another of his niprps anvc occasion, through a slight story, to tbe dancing of shepherds, fauns, satyrs, dryads, in a pastoral ballet. Advance now became rapid. In seven teen 'twenty- three Fusolier wrote, for tbe music of Colin de Beaumont, a play of Creek and Roman fetes, in wbicn be was tbe first to have the action of what story there was, told in dance. In seventeen 'forty- seven appeared Festivals of flytnon aud of Lovef written by Cahusac to the music of Rameau, which added to a story told by dance, the use of wonderful effects of machinery ; but the steps taken by these last improvers of the ballet did not lead to any great success. Tbe true creator of the latter power of tbe ballet, as an independent entertainment, was Jean Georges Noverre, who wholly parted it from opera, abut tbe mouths of tbe dancers, and set tne ballet very high on its own toes as a five act play of music, dance, and pantomime. He wrote, a hundred years ago, two volumes, praised by Voltaire, of Letters upon Dancing and Bal kto, and was tbat rare thing in creation — a male dancer with a head and brains. He danced well, and be wrote well about dancing. He went brfck to the study of. the ancient pantomime ; and of the stage ballets of tbe century last past, its action, its ingenious machinery, its careful gr. uping, be may fe called the founder. He had Gardrl and Vesttis among his pupils, The rest of the tale i& of that which we have in our time seen. Who knows but there may be a chance for the revival in London of Romeo and Juliet as set by Vincenzo Saleotti 1 We have seen as queer things on tbe London stage. A genius apart whs that of the Copenhagen ballet master, Vincenzo' Saleotti^.'who, in tlii present century*, produced -great pantomimic bal lets, and gave, as an entertainment occupying *? whole evening, tbe ballet of R^mco and Juliet; in which all is pantomine, and the actual d-mcini ii confined to the drawing-. ro.nm scene. Tber Romeo and Juliet express their love and mutua attraction by bopping after each otber among tbe dancers, and; being at last face to face, express everything in a tender pas de deux. 