THE SPINßTER^&pTD;| ^STJ5PM.OTHB8. (piton cirnisTils s MISTAKB. BT ure Jtrrrnort OF " jon* JIAUFAX, OBNTXEIUM," &C;) «« Tho - Master ~and> MrerG rey."-Thus-an anounced-suddenly and formally, like a Stranger, in befówn~house-Christian esme home. The two maiden aunts rose cere monion*ly. Either their politeness sprang from their natural habit of good breeding, or it was wrung from them by extreme surprise. The apparition before them-tall, graceful, and dignified-could by no means be mistaken for anything but a lady. Push a. lady, as Avonsbridge, with all its aristocracy of birth and condition, rarely produced.' .She would have been the same, even if attired in hodden (¡rey, but now abe was - well dressed, in silks and furs:-Dr. .Grey had smiled at the ' modest: troussein, and soon settled everything ''" by saying, '.My wife must .wear po and sp." In tbii ria» clothing, which set off her fair large Saxon beauty to the utmost advantage, ChriB tiaaqui'e. dazzled the eyrs of the two ladies who had BO persistently called her " that young woman." Any person'with eyes at all could see that, except for the difference in age, lhere was not the .slightest incongruity between (to follow Barker's pompous an- nouncement) " the Master and Mrs. Grey." Dr. Grey's . personal introduction was brief enough: Christian, these are my sisters. This is Maria-Bill this is Henrietta-Miss Gascoigne." Christian bowed-a little s'ately, perhaps-and then held out her hand, which, after a hesitating glance at Miss Gascoigne, was acceptod timidly by Miss Grey. "I couldn't help ir, my dear," 'she after- wards pleaded, in answer ,to a..severe scolding;?"she quite took me by surprise." But in MieB Gascoigne's acuter and more worldly nature the surprise soon wore off, leaving a sharp consciousness.of ' the beauty, grace, and dignity-formidable weapons in tho bands of any woman, and1 especially of one so youhg-aa the Master's wife. Nut that her youth was now very noticeable ; to any one who had known Christian before her marriage; she would have appeared greatly altere'*, as if' Borné strange mental convulsion had passed over her-passed,' and bzen sub- dued.' In two weekB she had grown' ten year8 older-was >. a matron, not a girl. Yet still ahe was herself. . We often .come-to learn that change-which; includes growth- is one of the most blessed laws of existence ; but it is only weak natures who, in .changing. Ipso their identity. . ; If Dr. Grey saw, what any.one who.loved,Christian could net fail to. have seen, this remarkable change in her, he also saw deep enough'into her nature neither to dread it nor deplore it. A few civil speeohos having been interchanged about the weather, their journey, and BO forth, the Master/ suddenly .looking, .around him, in- quired, "Maria, where aro the' children ?" '..'I ".sent them ' tb- bed," said Miss Gascoigne, with dignity. " It was impossible they could be kept up, till this late hour. My poor sister never allowed it.'' The. oolour flashed ¡violently over Dr. Grey's face. With the quick, resolute move- ment of a master of bis own house, he crossed the room and rang the bell. " Barker, inquire; of nurse if the'children are in bed. ir not, say i wisii tUoui sent down to me,; otherwise, ' I wiil come up to them im- mediately.*' The answer to this, message was awaited in-most awkward silence. Even Miss Gascoigne seemed to feel that she had gone a little too far, and busied herself over the tsa equipage ; while Miss Grey, after one or two deprecating looks at dear Arnold, began knitting nervously at her eternal socks-the only aunt-like duty which, in her meek lazi- ness, she attempted to fulfil towards the children. For Christian, (he sat by the fire, where her husband had placed ber, absently taking in the externalities-warm,; sombre, luxurious-of the house, which, in all human; probability, was now her homo for life. For; life ! Did that overpowering sense of the' inevitable-so maddening to some, so; quieting to others-cause all small things to sink to their natural smallness, and all painful things to touch her less pain-; fully : than otherwise they would ; have been felt ? It might have been. Barker returned with the information that all the ohildren were fast asleep, bul nurse said, "Of course Dr. Grey could come up if bepleased." " Let me go, too," begged Christian. "Little Oliver will look so pretty in his bed." Dr. Grey smiled. It was a rare thing to be a whole fortnight away from his ohildren, and all the father's heart was in his loving eyes. " Come away, then," he said, all his obeerful looks returning. "Aunts, ; you will give ns our tea when we return.'' "Well, Bbe doeB I mike herself at home foiled Miss Gascoigne indignantly, almost before the door had closed; Miss Grey knitted half a row with a per- plexed air, and then, as if she had lighted upon a perfect solution ef the difficulty, said brightly, " But then, you see, dear, Hen- rietta, abe is at home." Home 1 Through that chilly gallery, preceded by Barker and his wax lights ; stared upon by those grim portraits, till more than onee sha started as if she had seen a ghost ; up narrow, steep, stone staircases, which might lead to a prison in a tower, or a dormitory in a monastery-any whore, except to ordinary, natural bed- chambers. And when she reached them* what gloomy rooms they, were, leading one out of another, upa step and down a step, with great bedB that Seemed only fit to lie in state in, after having turned one's face to tho wall, and slipped out. bf weary .life - into «he imagined freedom of tho , life be- yond. Home 1 If that ' was borne, Christian shivered. " Are. you cold ? Barker, send Mrs. Grey's maid with1 her warm shawl. Everybody feelà tho Lodge cold at first, : but you will get used to it. Wait one minute," for she was pressing eagerly, to the gleam of light through the half-opened nursery-door. "My wife I" " Yes, Dr. Grey." As he put his bands on her shoulders, Christian looked into his oyes -right into them, for she was as tall as he. There was a sad quietness in her expression, but there was no shrinking from him, and no distrust. " My wife need never be afraid of anything or anybody in this house." "I know.tbat." " And, by-and-by, many things hero which fed strange'now will cease to feel so. Do yon believe this 1 ' Bite smiled-a -.ery feeble Bmile; but, at least, there was nn pretence in it. "One thing more. What- ever goes wrong, you will always oome at áncn »pi WI ft lo mp-to pobo Jj \n tbe> LWofli, but me ? Bememberf" " I >iM,'f/ Dr» Grey leaned forward »nd kissed bis wife-iq bl« inexpressibly tee der way-»nd then they went fn together. Letitia and Arthur occupied two little closets leaiiñg ouTöf the .nursery, which seemed spacious enough, and ancient' enough, to have teen the dormitory of a score of monks i ?-as very likely it was in the early days of St. Bede's. Phillis, sewing by her little table in the far eoroer, kept guard over a large bed, where, enr'ed up like a rose-bud, flushed and warm, lay that beautiful child whom Christian bad thought of twenty times a day for the last fortnight. "Well, Phillis, how are you and your little folk ?" said, the Matter, in a pleasant whisper, as hie orossed. the nur*. sery floor. He trod lightly, but either bis step was too welcome to remain undiscovered, or the children's sleep had been "fox's sleep," for there arose a great outcry of "Papa papa J"-Oliver leaped up, half laughing, hal/ screaming, and- kicking his little bare legs with glee as his father took bim in his arms; Arthur came , running in, clad in the very airiest costume possible, and Letitia appeared sedate'y a minute or two afterwards, having stopped to pot cn her warm scarlet dressing gown, and to takeoff ber nightcap; under the most exciting circumstances. Titi« was such an exceedingly " proper" child. What would the Ayonabxidge dons have said ?-the solitary old Fellows in the Combination room-and, above all, what would the ghosts of the gloomy old monks have said, could thsy have seen, the Master of St. Bede's, with all his children round him, hugging him, kissing him, chattering, to, bim, while he hung ' over them In an absorption of enjoyment so eeep, that for the moment. Christian was unnoticed ? But only for a moment,-and he turned to where she stood, a little aloof, lo.king on, half Badly, yet with beaming, kindly eyes,' Her husband caught her hand and drew ber nearer.' .« Children,, you remember this lady. She was very good to you one day lately. And now I want you to be very good to her." ' ' " Oh, yes," cried Oliver, putting up bis inputh at once fora kiss. " I like her very much. Who is she ? What is her name ?" Children ask some- times the simplest; yet the most terrible of questions, î This one seemed1 literally im« possible to be answered. Dr. Grey tried, and caugbti sight' of his daughter's face, the mouth pursed into that,hard line wbioh made her" sb?exactly like her mother. Arthur, too, looked sullen and shy. ,'Nobody Bpoke but little OH ver, who, in bis .innocent, child- ish way, pullin> Christian's dress, repeated again, '« What is your name?»' What must Olly call you ?" Whatever she; felt; her hus- band must have felt and known, that this was (he critical moment which, once let Blip, might take years afterwards to recall.' - ? Ho sail, nervously enough, but with a firmness that showed be must already have well con- sidered the subject,' "Call her mamma,''' There was no reply, Christian herself was somewhat startled, but conscious of -a pleasant thrill at the sound ot the new name coming upon her so suddenly. Strange it was ; and ah I how differently it came to her from the way it comes upon most women-gradu- ally, deliciously, with long looking forward and tremulous hope and fear-still it was pleasant. Her maternal instinot was so strong that even imaginary motherhood seemed sweet. She bent forward to embrace the children, with tears in her eyes, when Letitia said, in a sharp, unohildlike voice, "People can't have two mammas. And our mamma is buried in the New Cemetery and aunts I oik us lhere yesterday afternoon.'» Had the little girl chosen the sharpest arrow in her sum's quiver ; nay, had she been Miss Gascoigne herself, she coull not have shot more keenly home. For the dart was barbed with truth-literal troth ; which, however sore it be, people in many difficult circumstances of life are obliged to faoe, to recognise, and abide by ; to soften and subdue if they can ;. but woe betide them if, by any cowardly weakness or shortsighted selfishness, they are tempted to deny it as trutb, or to overlook, and make light of k 1 Painfol as the position was-so painful that Dr. Grey was quite overcome by it, and maintained a . total silence-Christian had yet the sense to see that it was a position inevitable, beoause it was (rae. Bitterly as tbe child bad spoken with the bitterness which Ehe had been taught-yet she had only uttered a fact. In one sense, nobody cou'd have.two mothers;, and Christian, almost with contrition, thonght of the poor dead woman whose children were now taught to call another woman by that sacred name. But the pang passed-had she known the first Mrs. Grey it might not have been sb sharp ; in any ease, here was' she herself--Dr. Gtey's wife, and the natural guardian of his children. Nothing could alter that fact. Her lot was cast-her duty was clear1 before her-she mutt accept it and bear it, whatever it might be. Perhaps, for some reasons, it was the better for her that it was rather hard. She looked at her husband, saw how agitated ' be was, and there seemed to come into her mind a sort of inspiration. " My child," she said, trying to draw Letitia towards her, " you say truly. I am not your own mamma ; no one ever could be that to you again; but I mean to be BS like ber as J can. I mean to love you and take care of you ; and you will love me too, by and by. You can always talk to me as much BB ever you like ..about your own mamma." " She doesn't remember her one bit,1' said Arthur, contemptuously. '< Oh, yee, I do," oried Letitia. ." She was very pretty, and i always wore such beautiful gowns " Again there was a silence, and then Carie«, lian said, "Í think, if the children do not dislike it, that aa , they always called Mrs. Grey 'mamma,' they bad better call mo ' mother.' It is a pleasanter word than step- mother. And I hope to make myself a '/eal mother to them before very long." "Iknow you will," answered Dr. Grey, in a smothered voice, as he set down little Oliver, and, kiss» ing the children all- round, bade nurse carry them off to bed once more. It is a gift to bc ablo to loolr. mon in tho face, but it is not nit people's woy ; and, though many persons have this roluotonco, in common with stngo villains and some real scoundrels, it implies' nothing worso in thom than a troublesome), and, perhaps painful self consciousness. Dig oyes, though so much ifl sung and said in their favour, arc not so good for social UBCS as tlioso of a aizo smaller and loss pretentious. Tlinoltoray's bad women aro grcon-oyod, and tho oyes of Miss llraddon'a last heroína aro yollow. Wo don't often hoar of thone tints out of print, -Saturday. I ItOTíOYÍ. 