HA MIL T 0 N. (From our own Correspondent.). August 5th, 1806. Dearly beloved Guardian,-I am still spoony about poor dear old Portland, the Hamilton streets are muddy, but are now getting dry. Mr. Palmer has taken the entire control of the firm of Cox and Palmer, things are dull since the land racket, and tailors will not trust, but there will be another day in the paddock on the 23rd,,good land too, one pound a day, and two shillings an acre freely offered, this is a great risk as some mean dogs stuck to the land, and squatters are shy of trusting honest men, the land is good, and a few men would do well to come on spec. They say that Pilven will reduce the nobblers to sixpence in the parlour, hot drinks the same. So the old Portland Chronic gave up the ghost, I wonder if the old sinner repented on his dying bed, if for nothing but the rejoicings there would be for the saving of his soul, or do you think he will continue telling lies in his grave as he says 'in that beautiful poem called "Portlamnd Bay :" "And when to Double Corner I remove Without any ostentatious show of love I would respected and regretted die, And unmo)tsted and secluded lie." Unless .fickey. the grave digger will put a clod in his mouth, you may depend that every soul will arise and pack up their traps and off to the new cemetery. We thought the VWestern Times would be here this evening, but we heard that it had a mis carriage, that the leader was not strong enough for your branch of the Acclimatisation Society, and that old D- stamped and swore a hurricane at poor Gurnet, threatened dismissal in stanter, but through the intercession of old Phil, and a few more of the "stop my paper," gentry things wese settled, and wind and, weather permitting this phoenix would come out next day, but perhaps it is all as a worthy and respected old citizen would say a canard. There is a fellow hero who prides himself in being conversant with the rules of the Press, in fact says he is nothing lcss than correspondent, lost a wager by sticking out that the Press was the third estate. Ho wishes I am told that your Tines would never come out as it is pirlma fci evidence of his ignorance. So Mrs. L--- is coming up, she will do well, I enclose you the prospectus of the 'Wannon Woollen Mill Company,' it will go a head, the secretary is a brick. If you had such men in Portland, things would flourish, your bigwigs are a lot of "unmiti gated duffers." P.D. [If our Hamilton Correspondent expects to be re tained on the Guardian stff., he must be more cautious in the future, and not speak his mind so plainly, or at any rate use less strong lan gauge .-Ed. P. Gdn.] 