Xval and 4 cuBral 41w=.s NOTICE TO THE RATEPAYEBS OF THE SHIRE.-Those who are rated at £10 or up wards must pay their rates before the 20th inst., or they will lose their vote at the next election. THE HosPrrAL. ExTERTAan rENTr. - Mr. Branscombe took tickets for the dramatic entertainment to the amount of £13 6d. OUR COsTEMPORARY. - We under stand that the MIcor News has been sold to Mr. Charles Ratcliffe for £200. THE BOROUGH COOSCIL.-The meet ing of the Borough Council was postponed in deference to the memory of the late Town Clerk, Mr. Burch. ELECTmIC TELEGEAPH.-A station is now open at Seymour. The charge for the transmission of messages from Heatheote, is for the first ten words, 2s. 6d., for every additional word over ten, 2d. THE MECHeANICS' STIT' T E.-A meeting of the Committee of the Mechanics' Insti tute was held on Monday last, no business of public importance was transacted. THE HOSPrrAL.-The Treasurer to the Hospital, 311. Campbell, requests us to ac knowledge tr. receipt of £3 from MLr. W. Pickles, of thi Wild Duck Diggings. DEATH OF MLn. BuncH.-We are ex tremely sorry to be called on to record the death of Mr. Burch, the Town Clerk. For some time past Mr. Burch had been unable to attend to the duties of his office; he con tinned to sink gradually until half-past 4 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, when he ex pired. The deceased gentleman filled the office of Town Clerk for a little over two years, during which time he carefully and impartially performed his duty; and we may safely say that during the time he held a prominent public position among us, he never made an enemy or lost a £iend. He will be buried this afternoon. THE FORTY-SECOXD CLAUSE OF THE A1rMEx-ISG LAND ACT.-A reference to our advertising columns will show that there is a desire on the part of the people to make use of land now lying waste. We hope that I no obstacles will be thrown in the way of their doing so. Tne forty-second section I of the new Land Act is worth to this country at the present time, all the rest of the Bill together, with all previous Land Bills, and we hope that no mean attempt will be made to render the clause inope rative, or limit its usefulness. THE SoaLOQU? OF THE GHOST OF WiLTuAu PIGEON.-I feel uneasy in my nothingness-to see what was and is-oh! shade of Weller. A man goes to work, saves money by denying gratification to his appetites and desires-he builds houses, aiys land-he dies, is buried of course- some fellow comesjingle over the " missus" -shaves with your razors, try's your boots on, if they fit, he wears them-he does as you were wont to do, and rests upon your pillow-I would rather I'd been an ant, to be trodden to death with the foot of an nnocent child, than have toiled for a reward which another grasps, as all earthly traces c of me disappear-oh I would that they re- I paint my caits, nor mock me further-exit muidst blue and green fire. 'TuE SataE Coucncre.-The members of i the Shire Council were all in town on Tues day, the day of the usual monthly meeting, I bt from some cause or other no meeting tok place. At thp appointed time of 1 neeting no one was present, except the t nere Clerk. We nrderstand that the Coun cil will meet to-morrow. THE HOSPITAL BENEFIT.-AS one of v effects of the crowd at the Heathcote Con- r :ert Hall on Wednesday evening last, we I asy mention that some persons were com- v pelled to sit on the knees of others, and several people are suffering from temporary s ameness. r 