At this time of^ Easter, this country, like all other Christian nations, holds it to be a pleasing duty to make recognition of the holidays set apart for its observance ; and although we question somewhat whether nine-tenths of our population care for, or, perhaps, in many cases understand the nature of the Festival, still, Easter makes a Btrong mark in the calendar of the year, aim mereiore 01 our lives. At such tunes It is always interesting to look about us and see what has been done, and is doing, and, what is more to the purpose, seriously to think of what may be done for the bene fit of the community. On one side of our country we find rejoicings and great ex citement over the well merited death of the black-hearted marauder Morgan, who has met in Victoria the fate predicted for him if he ever crossed our border ; and his death was as poetically just as it well could have been. Had he been merely ' taken,' tried, and hanged, there would have been scope for the brute to have at tempted to play the hero, and perhaps to have misled some miserable craver after the notoriety of ruffianism to have seen some part of his miserable career worth follow ing. As it is the scoundrel was ignomi niously ehot down in the security he had fancied to himself, through his revolvers, fend terror of his name ; and then, as if to show the spurious ideas conveyed to his mind by his treatment over the border, the Villain talked about ' fair play I' It was not oar intention to talk about Mobgan, however, so we drop the subject in dis gnst. The Parliament has adjourned until May, and a portion of the Government has gorle to Sydney— killing two birds with one stone— inaking holiday, and doing a bit of ' Congress ' business at the same time. Why bo long an adjournment iru required we cannot surmise, with the amount Of business before the Assembly; but perhaps the holidays may turn up some explanation. Commercial matters in Melbourne, in spite of the continual cry of 'dull times,' seem to go on pretty satisfactorily. If we turn to ' busy Ba'larat,1' another sort of scene presents itself to our mind, and creates no little wonder, mingled with respect. There mining speculation is car ried on with a fervor of attention not to be combatted. Ab day succeeds day fresh and fresh Bchemea arise, and before you have time to shape any sceptical argument about the probable duration of the pro jects afloat, you are overwhelmed with irigahtic n0veltie3 in mining operations, as to locality, and bewildered with daily columns of new prospectuses, notices of applications for registration, declarations of dividends, intimations of cnlls, wanfp of machinery, manacers, and all the multi tudinous concomitants of nclive, eprino-v speculation. In trie present mood of tlip overflowing ' Corner' at Billamt. tVn- is no chance of this spirit — a little feverish may be, hut never mind— dyinor out. and where gold i« to be fonnd, or pointed to. in the experience of judgment and prac t.i(!f\ thnre will nev«r be wanting means to brine it to the surface. fhiifl far. ap to pome parts of tliecolqnv STow let us, at this Easter time, look n litt.le closer fit home. Let us pee whether we have not, to hand, almost ns fnir h proBprwt ns anv. Let us try and aecar tain whether it is not hiarh time to awakp out of the slumbrous apnthy of apparent contentment we of Avoca have so lonpr in'lnlrred in. If we had no resonrcna, — if wp had no reasonable prospects, it would be bettor that wo should remain in the quiescent state; but we have good resources, and well proved ; better than commonly fair prospects, and only lack that feeling of energy and hopeful enterprise which has mainly led to the successes of Ballarat and Daylesford. Nothing approaching to the ghost of a trial has yet been made, and now, wo Bay, is the lime to make it. Ae a small beginning, we are happy to notice that a compuny is in the course of forma tion, for the purpose of prospecting nnd boring that part of the valley of the Avoca into which neighboring leads are supposed to trend. Let this be helped on as much as possible. Arguments at street corners avail nothing. Let each do a little in the way of money help and per sonal persuasion towards this in the first place. Should but the barest succpss at tend this movement, others of more im portance will be Bure to follow ; nnd in stead of continually cryinir out. ' Thore'p a run of gold here somewhere,1' let us all in our separate ways help to find oul where. We must adopt the old mollo — 'Facia non terba /' or, in common para phrase, ' Less talk and more action.' 