ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Lord Brougham has arrived in London from Paris, in which capital his lordship made a "brief stay on his way home from Cannes. His lordship is in good health Lord Manteagle intends, it is said, to retire from the Contrullership of tbe Exchequer, and arrangements are about to be made for the amalgamation ot ibis .office with the chairmanship of the Board of Audit. A vary simple ceremony has marked the formal close of a great and memorable passage in tbe history, not only of Great Britwn, bht even of the world. Mr Famall announced a few days ago to the Central Relief Committee at Manrfieśer bis recall by the Poor Law Board fromthepost of Special Commissmier in tbe Cotton District,- which he has &ow; held for three years, and the committee then passed resolutions acknowledging the cervices of Mr Farnałl and his colleague, Mr Rawlinson, after which tbe committee adjonrnednne die. This proceedingamoants to an official recogmtion of the end.- of the great Ccdton Famine, and it implies tbe breaking np of the entire system of Mr JoeepbrMiddleton of Łeeds, barrister-at. law, has been appointed &acorder; of -Scar-- borongh. in the place «f Mr WeĄ who bas become Recorder of Manchester; The"Post" observes:—"A paxagtaph bas recently appeared iu a conbempotary annoimcing liord • Palmerston's approaicfaingtBtirement from public life. Iła. EtaŁenient. wfaich in tome quarters may bave_ found credence, is totally devoid cf foundation, and we tnist tbat tbe day is br distant when endt an announce- < xnentwill benecessary. Tbefttpeis celatang to £łe«anfetences which bave tafaai place between ber Majesty's Go- •yerament and the Canadian delegates barn been' published. Briefly stated, the results of those TiPE , rti' ł * n y tc we that ihe <xovemmeot approve; df the CtMifederalion scborae, and will give; eveayBstaHlance iijcaii^ing it out; that the Gowenanaiti^wnwwnwwł tb*tgnartirtee'«tf aloan fee the carrying out by< Canada of thefintificaljnuneomnedeitr Colonel Jervoia, and will pnmdetfae ipeceasaiyłtirnanipnt cogoom ąatha jjrovininrl ltp ,hl, i" 1 * la ' ł ezpressed iteopinion ontbe matter ; tbit the Government -will do all it can to procure .* renewal of Łhe Reóprocity Trgajy - that the GoVernnient viilceooramend. ifliejjaatiteering ofaloan to pay tbe indemnity ibe Hndsoate Bi^f company for the ^nortb-,) modem territory which is to be - , made over to Canada^nuid, finally, the Government ^ves assurances of: itederare to aSast ' Canada as far as paeeMe. . AtEturn bas beenfitr&ishedtoF;łriiantrat by <be jkiarquis of Hartington, showing that the expepees incurred' on all dasses of Annatmiig ynw^dwar iitaags. pr'ojectileB,Ac., including «3amnn£Uein Jisy,'18B5, amounted £885,416- 0s. ei The changes and alterations in tbe game pedod .have cost jCS.5^27 7s. 41, while the extra cost in providing projectiles, in 1 consegoeDceofair-erattons, has been 2i | The return is made up to tbe date . f th« ia^t i balance sheet (March 31. 1S61); tlie txn- r.^ra incuired daring the present yrar «tnn»t lie - enrately shown until jiest baianoeatiect, 1 > March 31, 1S65, is ready. This way Lj c- ted tóbe completed about Juiy. The Conssrvatives,- says a e-n-t^łr ;i.-ary, writer of political gossip, mean to a desperate effort to gain a majority in the nest Parliament. Every city, borough, and c innty, wherever Conservatism has the ghost of a chance is to be contested. The time is come, thee fed when they mast win the prize <if office or give upai3hof>cof it f«r years to c .me, atid no labour nor money will be spared to gain their object . But it is confidently asserted by the Government election agents that tbe next Parliament will be very ranch like this, and if any change take place it will be in favour of the Government. It is not improvable, however, that Convervatasm will gain somewhat. The Conservative agents are more active than those of the Government, and more experienced. Mora* over, it is observable that in few cases ^"Conservatives fight J-onsersativeE ; whereas, for three Liberal candidates to try for two seats is a voy common occurence. But compact &s; the Conservatives seem to be, they are not really so. An Opposition has bat -one object—to defeat the Government—and always seems be united, and is united, to gain that object; but, that -object gained, it not nnfreqientiy happens that the party becomes disorganized. The Conservative party .very soon showed signs of splitting in 1858. The Government was pledged to bring forward a reform bill. It proposed a reform bill, and at once two of its most unpbrtant members, Mr VFalpole and Mr Henley, seeded, and took their places beiow the gangway. The country cannot be governed upon strictly Conservative principles. Tbe Conservative party cannot govern it upon Liberal principles. The word Conservative is a very expansive word ; it can be made to cover widely different principles. Lord Stanley calls himself a Conservative, and so does Mr George Bentinck and Lord Robert Cecil. Bat, really Lord Stanley and these two gentlemen are wide as the poles asunder- _ It is estimated that if a train moving at tbe rate of 25miles an hour,, were stopped instaneously the passengers would experience a cont cussion equal to that of a body falling from a height ot 19 feet - they would be burled against the sides of the carriage with a force equal to that they would be exposed to in falling from a window on the second floor of a house. If the train were moving at tbe rate of 3D miles pee hoar, they might as well fall from a height of three pair of stairs, and an express train, would in point of fact, make them fall from a fourth storey. Instaneous breaks are, therefore not to be thonsht of. Mr William Darling—whose name, thongh not, perhaps, so bright as that of his daughter Grace, will live in tbe records of heroism for the splendid venture by which nine of the persons wrecked with the Forfarshire steamer were saved—djedTeceiitly, in his 80th year, at Bamborongh, in Northumberland. Grace died of consumption at Bamborongh, in October, 1S42 at 27 years of age. On Wednesday a special general miaeting was held On the claim of the Central Gold Mining Company, Malmsbury, for tbe purpose of turning tbe first Bod. The ceremony of christening was performed by Mrs EtliB, who, in the orthodox manner broke a bottle of champagne where die shaft is to be sunk, amidst tbe applause of all assembled. Tbe claim comprises about acres of basaltic formation, situated midway between Taradale and Malmsbury. The shareholders are sanguine as to their prospects, and they are strengthened in their hopes by the supposition that in their claim will be found the junction of the Jim Crow and Taradaie leads. After the ceremony was gone through, the company adjourned to Bonndys Hotel to partake of a sumptudus repast prepared for the occasstoa. Mr Kitto, who was called to the chair, was supported on the right by air Woods (late member for "Jrowniauds(, and on the left by Mr Berry, Mayor of Taradale. Mr Dawson occupied tbe vice chair. The usual loyal toasts were drank with enthusiasm, and after a variety vi songs and general good faumor, the toast of "Success to the Central Gold Mining Compauy" was proposed and responded to amidst raptorons applause. Songs and toasts followed, and a plea- sant evening was spent by alL— -•!/ A Mail. The Hon H.M.Murpby J1-Ł.C in a letter to the Ottem and Murray Advertiser has expressed his intentions to vote against the tariif should is be seat up by itself. 