THE BALLAKAT ANNUAL FAIR PRELIJUIKARARY NOTICE. As we doubt not every ono is on the qui vive for the advent of the Boxing Day Fete, the Billarat Annua! Fair, the Charity Fair, the Charitable Insti tutions United Demonstration, the United Demon stration in aid of the Ballarat District Hospital, the BulUrat Benevolent Asylum, and the Ballarat'Dis triet Orphan Asylum, or by whatever other desig nation is known and understood, the great Christmas Festival about to be held in the Ballarat Botanical Keserve on Tuesday, 2Gth December, we feel that we will to furthering the interests of the occasion and satisfying the very natural curiosity of tlio general public, by giving sonu account of the pre parations being made for the successful issue of an undertaking which iias cost the managing com mittee mmy anxious months of inventiveness and arrangement. Last yeur, the Fair was the first cele bration of the kind ever held in Ballarat and tho compk-test organisation of the kind ever held in tho colony-if it was nut altogether so!e of its kind. Its otjict was to aid the funds of tho Ballarat District Orphan Asylum the building of which is now in course of erection, and as every one well remembers, it was not less successful in reference to tho good object in view, than instrumental in bringing toze ther and providing amusement for one of tlio largeit feetive thrones ever knoiv.ii iu tho country. About seventeen thousand persons are understood to have been present on the occasion, and BO much satisfaction was expressed on all sides as to tho completeness of tho arrangements, that the com mittee resolved upon a repetition in 1865, and its. establishment as an annual festival in aid of the funds of the institution. It ia needless to detail the circumstances which led to the borough council of Ballarat .Vest granting the use ot the Reserve to thu joint benefit of ihe three principal charitable institutions of liallarar, instead of tho one only which had originated the observance. It is more to. the purpose tor ua to inform the reader that the? committee was greatly enlarged by the introduction of representatives frum the other institutions re ferred to, with sundry gentlemen unconnected with n!Y m t!jreu> wIl0Se assistance was deemed valu able. The resulting funds are to go to the bene ht cf the three institutions equally, and wo can but express an earnest hope that the enlarged object of the fete with its eulurgtd committee of management, may, as it ought, and we have no doubt will, achieve a cortospondiDgly larger success tuan did the nrst celebration of the kind The ex perience gained last year has induced the'committee. to launch out into still greater responsibilities ia eateuug for the public amusement on the present: occasion, and it i3 natural to anticipate that the Botanicallteserve will 011 the morning of BoxingDay present a festive aspect wholly unexampled Though the committee has been very assiduous in the per formance of tho onerous duties devolving upon it it is not too much to say that the great "bulk of tho labor has fallen to the manager-general, Mr \V H Watson, president of the Orphan Asylum, who was elected to the latter olliee as the richly-merited re ward of his unremitting and highly successful exer tions in connection with the first Ballarat Annual X4 air. Topography.-The necessary erections, now in iu very forward state, mainly describe an oval an^ oc cupy that portion of the Botauic Keserve to the: northward of the Botanic Garden, and bounded on west and east by the main fence and the carriage drive Next the fence is placed .' RichardsoiPs iheatre Rural, the exterior representing Shak sperea house at Stratford -upon Avon, supplied with practicable doora leading into the theatre, anel in every essential of size and contour, presenting the counterpart of tile house at Stratford. This hat been admiraoly painted by Mr J. Kansford. Tho theatre, with two publicans booths attached, is 170 feet in length by 32 feet in height, and the outer platform is 13 feet in width by 80 feet in length, ihe theatre is provided with a drop seeno painted by Mr btanfield, a proscenium by Mr L. E. Bruun and a quantity of other scenery and properties by? Mr Kansford and assistants, The stage machinery and appointments are as complete as in a theatre of greater pretensions and more permanence. Mr lhooias King will lead the orchestra. The brown and Anchor Dancing Booth, 12 ft feet in length, floored with pine timber, and welL ventilated, 13 situated directly opposite to the theatre. Wombwc-ll'a Menagerie occupies a placo at tho northern extremity of the oval, and the Fancy Bazaar at tho southern end. The camel belonging -?xp£dltI0° of ond Wills, purchased by Mr Philip Kus3ell, of Carngham, will he shown in a pavilion to the south-east. Just opposite is tho Dancing Booth. Near the Dancing Booth is the station of Cheap Jack. The other portions of the oval are. occupied by publicans and confectioners' booths.. Within the oval will be found the Busy Bee in the Model Hive, where a young lady will dispense nick nacks to numerous purchasers. Near it are con fectioners' booths, the apparatus of the Wieland Brothers, the gymnastic stage (40 feet equate, and.' floored with tongue and groove boards), swings maypole, greasy-pole, &c.; Without the ovol wilt be louud merry-go-rounds, swings, aunt-salJys. archery apparatus, &c.; The Mazj attached to tlio Botanical Garden, will, by permission of the borough council, be thrown open lor the first time. Tho Sports.-The programme is a very copious one, and the sports of such a diversified character V that every taste must be satisfied, and no one need have a moment of weariness or inactivity. Tho band, placed in the music pavilion, will play the overture to the opera " Marco Spada,'' and othec classical and popular music throughout the day. The Wieland Brothers will perform aj;ial featsv every hour, including the leap for lifo from poles 50 feet in height. There will be prizes given for profi ciency in archery on the part of ladies and gentlemen. Ihe Ballarat and Melbourne German Gymnastic associations have proffered their services, and will perlorm various feats under the direction of Mr Carl Franz. Two silver medab will be awarded to the best gymnasts. A Flower-show will be held in an annexe to the bazaar. At the Meuagerie, Fernandez will per form with the lion, lioness, and other wild beasts under hia charge. Visitors will be admited to the Maze under the supervisioa of a committee, including Messrs btrongmm, Tugwell, H.ggans, and Crad dock. Then there will be selling ot goods by the Busy Bee in the Model Hive, danciug at the May pole, Morris Dancers, Jack in the Green, dancing in the Crown and Anchor Booth, and the wonderful performances of the Chinese Acrobats, which cave so much satisfaction last year. The Fancy Fair and Bazaar will be under tho superintendence of Mr G Lovittand a committee, of ladies und gentlemen. 1 heI<airy lost Office is to be under the manage ment of two young ladies. The Old English Sports rail '. m® °''mblDS tlle greasy pole, boy's sack race, highland fling in cjstume, dipping for oranges, eating rolls and treacle, cutting the cock's head, sailor a hornpipe, fencing, and broadsword exercise a? a '? th?5e Prizej wjl' be given. At dusk, Shakspere's House -will be shown with the aid of the magnesium light, and with colored fires, by Mr Saul Salomon. So far we have not mentioned the - unparalleled attraction" that will be met within the theatre during perform ances at every hour, commencing at twelve o'clock. On this occasion there will be performed, for the nrst time, a new sensation drama, replete with striking tableaux, startling effects, and astonishing situations, entitled ? My Pretty' Jane, the Peaceful Daughter of the Peaaable Prelate of Pevensey Pound; or, the Squatter and Robin the Ploughman,' produced under the direction of Mr C. Walsh, of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, by kind permission of Barry Sulhvan, Esq." Tho characters include % J t'\e-Pl°U3't'nm Walsh); Old Mayiush (Mr Beudall); Sir liowland Macassar, the Cruel Squatter /Men)! I"sJ,ecrior KaUi <Mr Louie); Solomon Sleepy (Mr Carey); Jane Maybush, the victim of the VTel Squatter (Mrs Searle); Nancy Hell (Miss M'Donald). Af ter the happy recognition of the laith ful lovers [lio∈ and Jane), ilie invocation "JBless ye* my Children,"-the innocent protected and tho guilty confounded, there will bo the «. supernatural appearance of the Ghost," a grand transformation, and the commencement of the "New Comic Christ mas I antomime," in which Miss Fagan (from the Haymarket Theatre, Melbourne), will appear aa Columbine* ' * if'^cejsion.-The procession will leave tho Town Hall, Sturt street, at 9 o'clock a.ui on the morning of Tuesday, 26th December. The wholo will be marshalled by Mr H. Cuthbert, assuted by Messrs M'Dowall, Eddy, R.Jones, J?, p Nichelf James Walker, and Uockiu. The processT wi ! consist of the following twelve mafn divisions School .children, Kiidiabitea Ballarnt Woof t?* sr\r£ s Order of Odd T? nil ' a M*?ncl"iter Unity Order of Old i.m ' ucient Iudependent cient Order If 1'^0W3' A"^'y Clubs. An Freemason* v r L,3ti-,rs> . Borough Councils, Volun'etr R' , lh" ba'=d of the Ballarat hnn,k ,r;ii g ' drum nnJfl-re hands, and other West at o"rnG'.lb,er Duncftn> mayor ot Ballarat tlio Pr 1 0 ulock- "Thu Hera'd Will deliver of """J' nuthorisinS all Female Vendors . i-ir f m ?! ', 3" 011 arts and wiles, to u h 'r» i K"01 ki'll31y look and easy means, uch bu| erfluijua Urns of thu realm as they may possess, uivl warn all cosherers, or idle pnruuseleas K'«; V°'10 cheouL-s- linr-n"r ^ -Chero are to be no pass-out termq hnf ^ TeIli,slM wi" be ndmitted on it u.o ei - ,hfUIKrUl"t0r3' To Prevcnt confusion with , hfn m tll0Ppub"c,1,s wquested to come provided ., Gentrally, means will be adopted to void crushing, by the multiplication of pay-places, thnsoVL'r^ means to ensure the comfort of those present. The "Weudource Steam Navigation Company a steamer Victoria will ply during tho day, from Gant s hotel to tho grounds, 