PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS. re- r i - - . ? Confound their politics t ' ' NATIONAL AsTnssr. [OOMMUNIOATKB.] FROM the very earliest periods, we find that Change has ever been unceasingly at work that vast empires and mighty dynasties have first risen, bearing almost universal dominion in the world, only to be swept away by the ruthless scythe of all conquering time, or the rash onslaught of blind innovation. Coming step by step into the times of which our fathers tell, and even to the events which have happened within our own memory, we are still ever meeting with commotions which have rent society into shreds, or convulsed and over- thrown political systems which have stood the tests of hundreds of years. We can, therefore, only arrive at the inevitable conclusion that however perfect and good any system may appear when founded, there lying ever succeed periods of change, no matter what form they may assume, whether that of revolution, panic, or reform, brought about either by the exigencies of the times, the abuse or insufficiency of previous enactments, or the demands of progress. How much more, then, must we look for changes and modifications in the political regulations of a new colony, where the foundation of a system only has been laid, and that, under circumstances probably unprecedented, and consequently ever liable to unforeseen interruptions and obstacles, which must be met by prompt and vigorous action, even though that action should only he an expedient adopted to meet the emergency for the time ? That Queensland is on the eve of one of these periods of change is evident to any one wild observes the signs of the times. The enactments relative to squatting, the main, and indeed at present the only re- source of the colony, have proved signally inefficient, and now that the extended five year leases, which contain the pre-emptive right are about to fall in, there is a deep feeling on the part of some of the squatters who have first-class runs, that now is the time to attempt to revive in some form or other a privilege which in 1860 was rightly withheld from subsequent leases, and therefore practically condemned as unsound in principle. This desire to revive an obsolete privilege, which has been fermenting for some time, is now beginning to appear on the surface, and will, no doubt, be brought to bear upon the policy of the present session of Parliament to a degree which either for good or ill will have a deep and lasting effect upon the interests of the colony. That the squatting interest requires security and encouragement will readily be admitted, still whilst granting this fact to its fullest extent, our first and great care ought to be that the Legislature does not, on that account, rush headlong into the other extreme, and deliver itself blindfold into the hands of any section of this class of the community. The delicate and cautious feelers put forward in the Governor's speech, dictated, no doubt, by the fostering care ever extended by Government to its Darling friends is a marvel of sagacity, and we know not whether most to admire the deep statecraft displayed in its modest mode of introduc- tion, or the fact exhibited in disguising an unpalatable principle in such a garb that it can only be recognized by a minute inspection of the simple-looking phrase which conceals it. Notwithstanding, however, the thickness of the fleece, there is so much of the cut of the wolf about it, as to reveal to a close observer that grand foe to social and political progress, the pre-emptive right, which, however it may be called, if again adopted in any form will prove a curse to the country. That any, except those few who have all to gain by this selfish example of partial legislation, can contemplate without dread a policy so suicidal to the best interests of all other classes of the community and prejudicial to many even of the squatters themselves, can only be accounted for on the assumption that this subject has not been studied as its importance deserved. For what is the pre-emptive right The power granted to any man holding a pastoral lease to purchase the whole or any part of his run at £1 per acre during the term of his tenure. Well ! What does this involve The serious fact that the best and most valuable land in the colony may pass at a nominal price into the hands of a few lucky individuals, or speculators, who happen to have hit upon first- class runs. In fact the case is simply this After having had the loan of the goose that lays the golden eggs till they have got together a goodly pile of its valuable productions, they coolly ask the owner to part with the precious animal at the same price as the ordinary domestic variety ! To take another view : the squatter, by virtue of this privilege; might pick out and buy a few thousand acres of his run, well watered and grassed, leaving the remainder perhaps worthless, whilst the parts he purchases are invaluable. Let this falsely called right come into force, and the best parts of the splendid Darling Downs country, and all the well watered and fertile plains within easy distance of the sea board will in a few years be alienated from the Crown for ever and good runs in the vicinity of large towns would be bought up, probably to be resold in the course of time at enormous prices. Whilst it would confer no benefit on those leaving medium or indifferent runs, it would heap riches on those who are affluent already, and who would only laugh at our stupidity and congratulate themselves on their own selfish cunning and sagacity. By this bill, if passed, millions of money would be diverted from the coffers of the country to flow into the pockets of a few individuals who would probably retire to Europe to reap the benefit of their easily gotten fortunes. Let this bill become law, and in a few years what prospects can the colony hold out to draw emigrants hither ? And, indeed, what will be left for the majority of those remaining in the colony ? Its best and most valuable lands in the hands of an oligarchy of squatters, or owned by absentee landlords, there will be little left but medium or indifferent tracts of soil or the comparatively unavailable lands of the interior. After the colony has leased heçJbanoXtp the squatter till he has grown rich and fat either- bounty, and is I willing to continue the lease till she wants the land for other purposes, is it not a cool thing on his part to ask her to sell her birthright on about as paltry terms as the mess of pottage which a no1 ed squatter of antiquity is said, on the best authority, to have paid for a similar right ? Truly extensive squatters, to use a familiar phrase, were always Downy. On what possible or imaginary grounds the squatter can lay claim to such a boon I cannot conceive. If he wants the land, why cannot he pay a fair price for it ? Let it be put up to competition in a straightforward English manner, and if it is worth and would bring more than a pound per acre, why, in the name of reason and common sense should the country make him a present of all over that amount ? A monopoly like the one wanted is monstrous and absurd, and would be a fatal bar to future progress, which future years of even the best government in the world could never remedy. Should these things occur, what would be said of this colony in after years when the population may he numbered by millions instead of thousands? Why that some sixty or seventy thousand people gave their all, and what should have enriched posterity for many generations, to a few lucky individuals, not even numbered by hundreds, who after in a few years making a fortune from the loan of the lands of the colony asked for and obtained the land itself at a nominal price ! Of course, this country at present is almost wholly a pastoral one, but as it will not always be so, the squatter should only be regarded as the pioneer of progress, and a policy which would legislate for any one class to the detriment of the rest, especially for one in a transition state, must be either ' very short-sighted, or influenced by interested motives. That many of those squatters to whom I the pre-emptive right would be a boon, and who have great weight in the House, will try to carry a bill to restore this right is pretty clear ; but it is to be hoped that the opposition of other classes, supported by those squatters who have sufficient patriotism in a case where self-interest is so plainly at variance with the common weal to act for the public good, will be strong enough to steer the country clear of the danger, and whilst making needful alterations for the | good of the pastoral interest, still for ever to lay even the faintest ghost of a shadow | of that arch mistake and humbug- the pre-emptive right. W. A. S. 