HOKITIKA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-I confess it was with no small degree of astonishment that I read the Sydney telegrams which appeared in your issue of 1st inst., purporting to give an account of the state of things at Hokitika. The first intelligence comes from Auckland, and it must be borne in mind that gold-fields' news from that place must be received with extreme caution, as its worthy inhabitants have never been able to realise the idea that the world ever contained a gold-field worthy of the name except Ciro mandel. The fact is, that the sixty miners who have returned thither are a portion of 300 who arrived at Hokitika about ten days previously to their departure thence. To any one well acquainted with the West Coast gold-fields the statement made in the New Zealand Herald is manifestly untrue, and is communicated by one who knows nothing whatever of the country. To explain this, I may inform you that when diggers arrive in Hokitika, unless they have friends or mates i there before them, it is an extremely difficult matter for them to receive reliable information or advice as to the best direction to take. Naturally enough, they want to see the style of the diggings, and the description of country they have to go through, and accordingly they ask for the road to the nearest field. It is, perhaps, an unfortunate thing for the reputation of Hokitika that this nearest field is so easily accessible a comfortable hour's walk over a good bush track bringing thedlggaroa to the Kauelri diggings. Arrived there, he is doubtless disgusted. Red mud up to the knees, with the possibility, if he does not look out sharp, that he will trip over a supple jack and have not the slightest ghost of a chance of a claim, as every inch of ground is taken up-even the middle of the streets presenting a row of windlasses in full swing. I remember when the rush took place, six or seven months ago, the commissioner tried to keep the township clear, but it was of no use. Not in the best temper, the digger returns to town and when he makes a remark about the dirtiness of the place, the chances are that some one tell him that it is the cleanest part of the coast, and entertains him with narra- tives of travelling in the interior-of wading through rivers at the risk of life, of tracking through bush almost impenetrable on account of supple-jacks and lawyer,?, or of crossing terraces steep as a house, and waist. deep in mud ; all doubtless to a certain extent true, but, as you may imagine, not losing much in the narration. The result is, that the bad plucked ones and they are many-if they have the means, return to the place from whence they came; and if they have not money they look out for a job about town, and as there is not much in such a place for them to do they present a rather formidable appearance when collected together, as they may be stole any day at high tide, when the signal is flying for vessels to take the bar, attracted partly by curiosity to see the only gratis amusement in the place, and partly by the chance (about five to one that the vessel attempting to come in will get wrecked, and then there may be a chance of a job in unloading her. To new arrivals the sight of so ' many loafers has a most dis- heartening effect, and inclines them to go beyond the proverb, Frincipiun dwindled . loans, and to take the beginning for the whole. The informant of the Herald has never been further up than the Kaiserin, as he speaks of three principal diggings, of which Tucker-flat is one. I presume he means that the Five mile (Kaneira) is another, and Woodstock (on the opposite bank of the Hokitika River is the third. Those who have lived some time on the coast class all these us one dig- gings and very good diggings they are, too, for those who have claims. It is possible that he never heard of the Grey, the arnold, the Greenstone, the Toremakau, the Waimea (Six-mile), the Three-mile, the Totara, Donnelly's, German Gully, Jones's Creek, and many other large and increasing fields ; but it is certain that he has never seen any of them. As to his statement, that every fourth or fifth store is placarded for sale, I am compelled to give it a most unqualified denial. I was in Hokitika at least a week later than him; and, although I have a tolerably large list of acquaintances in bush FICER in the town, I am not aware that the prevailing feeling was a desire to clear out As regards the rush to Bruce Bay, it is not to be wondered at that it was a failure. No one ever heard of gold being got there but it being known that some parties were working dark somewhere south and doing well, a great excitement got up, and an enterprising owner having laid on a steamer, the rush set in, II they have not dropped across gold, it ought to be over by this time. As to the remarks of the Leader, I have only to remark that the editor of that paper has; only lately arrived from Otago, and his knowledge of the West Coast (or indeed of any dig- gings) is extremely limited. With reference to the question as to whether the rush to the West Coast is overdone, I would say both that it is and that it is not. Then are hundreds there who would far better have remained away, and still there is plenty of good ground for hundreds of the right sort A man to proceed to the West Coast must possess an iron constitution, and have made notable energy and pluck. He must be prepared to cut his way through a dense scrub to crawl through mud to walk through rivers with a chance of being carried down to lie on wet (not damp) ground, to work in the middle of torrents of rain, to be alway of wet and never dry, to set at defiance colds rheumatism, ague, and fever, and the various evils which are now so busily thinning the ranks of the poor fellows who are working there. He must pay no attention to a word that he hears, but must hump his swag and prospect for himself. And li his resolution stands, and his health does not break down, or he does not get drowned, he If sure to make tucker, and more likely good wages, and possibly a pile. The banks will! buy his gold, and give him £3 15s. 9d. per ounce for it, but he will find that every one has cost him over £5. I have no desire to praise or to cry down the West Coast, I merely wish that those who think of going over should know what they are going to Men who have been at many days as I have been months on that coast may take exception to the picture, but I feel satisfied that those who have had real experience of it will acknowledge the truth of every word above written. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, A. I Aid for Mrs. Jefferson Davis It is reported on good authority that the friends of Jeff. Davis in this city are collecting subscriptions for his wife, now living, it is said, in Alabama, in a state of destitution. It is also reported that Mrs. Davis recently made a written application to the President for permission to see her husband, which was not granted.-A'eK) York Tribune, Aug. 16. 