THE JUDGES IN VICTORIA : HAS THE GOVERNOR POWER TO 858 THEM? . (From the Argus, May 22.) IN our report of the debate in Parliament on the ninth clause of the bill to consolidate the law relating to the Constitution of the Supreme Court, and in Mr. Ireland's opinion, which we have given in extenso upon the question, " Has the Governor in Council the power to suspend, until the pleasure of her Majesty be known, a Judge of the Supreme Court who is wilfully absent from Victoria, without reasonable cause allowed by the Governor in Council?" our readers have presented to them the grounds upon which to form an opinion upon the subject. In the discussion which has taken place, we have a fresh illustra- tion of "the glorious uncertainty of the law." Authorities, as ever, are divided upon the points under consideration. The four Judges hold that the Constitution Act virtually repealed the Acts formerly in force which define the relation between the Judges and the Crown, as represented by the Governor. The law officers, however, hold that the 22nd George III. and the Supreme Court Act have not been repealed by the Constitution Act. According to their view, the Judges hold their office during good behaviour, as was formerly the case, and are also liable to removal upon on address of both Houses of Parliament. The" ninth clause in the Consolidation Act upon which the debate has arisen is as follows : " It shall be lawful for the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, to suspend from his office, until the pleasure of her Majesty be known, as Judge of the said court who shall be wilfully absent from the colony without a reasonable cause, to be allowed by the Governor and Executive Council, and also any Judge who shall become incapable or who shall neg led; to perform the duties of his office, or who shall otherwise misbehave therein," &c.; This clause, according to Mr. Higinbotham, is in effect the same as the 9th clause in the Supreme Court Act passed in 1852, which, in his opinion, is still in force, and which gives to the Governor in Council powers in relation to the Judges to suspend under the provisions specified. Mr. Ireland concurs in opinion with their Honors the Judges, and accordingly holds that the Governor has no such power at present as that with which this clause would invest him. The debate, which has been a protracted one, has been marked by a singular absence of acrimony, and by as small an infusion of party spirit as could reasonably be expected. To do the speakers justice, it must be acknowledged that they all seemed anxious to treat the question involved as one of high constitutional importance. We wish, too, to acknowledge the candour and ingenuousness with which the Attorney- General retracted the expression, " officers of my department, to which exception has been so justly taken, and which we still hold to have been utterly indefensible in every point of view. Had Mr. Higinbotham contented himself with a simple retractation of the objectionable expression, he would have left us nothing to desire in as far as his own temper and bearing during this controversy were concerned. Mr. Higinbotham expressed his belief, however, that the unfavourable impression which had been made by his remark " had been one which had been sedulously cultivated in order to disguise and conceal the true relations of this question." If this imputation is intended to apply to us, we indignantly repudiate it. We have been concerned solely to up- hold the dignity and independence of the judicial Bench, which we, in common with Mr. Higinbotham himself, consider to be essential to liberty and to the good order of society. If we have spoken strongly, it was because we have felt the subject to be one of primary importance, and any animadversions which we have made upon Mr. Higinbotham have appeared to us to be called for by his unwarrantable pretensions in his intercourse with the Judges. In view, however, of his amended, it is not probable that the matter will be again referred to. It will have been seen that at the conclusion of the debate, Mr. Higinbotham expressed the willingness of the Government to accept the amendment proposed by Mr. Greeves :-" It shall be lawful for the Governor in Council at any time when Parliament is not sitting, to suspend until the next session of Parliament, any Judge from his office, for inability, misbehaviour, or absence from the colony for more than one month, without the leave of the Governor in Council, which leave shall in all cases be first obtained and when and so often as such suspension shall happen a full statement of the causes thereof shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within seven days after the commencement of the then next session thereof." If the Judges were willing to accept this clause as not in opposition to existing statutes, and as reasonable in its provisions, it might, perhaps, be accepted as a fair compromise between their opinion on the one hand and that of the law officers on the other, provided that no constitutional principle be infringed. We suspect, however, that their Honors will not feel themselves at liberty to surrender the construction which they have put upon the Constitution Act and it appears to us that it is beyond the competence of our Legislature to pass any Act affecting the status of the Judges and their rights and privileges. If reserved for the assent of her Majesty, as we think such an Act must be, we shall be greatly mistaken if that assent be not upon this very ground withheld. De- sirable as it is that the questions which have been recently raised should be satisfactorily adjusted, we fear that hon. members have been doing little more than wasting their breath. During the progress of the discussion, they have probably gained a clearer insight into the constitutional principles involved, but this, we think, will prove to have been the extent of the benefit resulting from it. We will not affect to overlook the fact that Judges may misbehave, and we acknowledge that the law is but too vague as to the tenure of their office. If, however, it is desirable that this defect in the law should be obviated, we had rather that the subject should be submitted in the way which may be deemed most appropriate to the home authorities, and that it should be made a matter for Imperial legislation. In our view, the Imperial Parliament is alone competent to deal with the subject. Whatever defect there may be in the law which affects Judges in this colony, is due entirely to defects in the Constitution Act. That Act was passed through the Imperial Parliament, and the Imperial Parliament can alone amend it. As regards our Legislature, it is, in our view, ultra vires. ELOPEMENT IN HIGH LIFE The Morning Advertiser says an elopement of a painfully sensational character has taken place within the last few days. The brother of a noble marquis, bordering upon three-score years, himself the father of a numerous family, is one of the parties and the lady, who is nearly related to him by marriage, is the wife of a noble lord but one degree removed from the heir ship of one of the oldest and wealthiest marquisate in the kingdom. The offending fair one, who has not yet reached her thirtieth year, leaves behind her several interesting children, but she has taken with her the title-deeds to an attractive feature in the shape of recently acquired property of the value of nearly £100,000. The Dublin correspondent of the Morning Star writes c-The retailers of scandal have been busy for the past few days magnifying and t clearing a painful accident that has taken place in high life here, and which, divested of all romance, simply amounts to the elopement of a married lady with the husband of her own sister. The pair of fools were, it is said, at the last drawing-room at the Castle, but neither of them has since visited her or his legitimate home. The lady truant is the mother of, I believe, five children, while her companion is the father of four. The runaways are most closely connected with a noble house, and I do not exaggerate when I state that the unhappy frail one is the sister of the most excellent lady in this land." The Emperor of the French has sent a magnificent chalice in gold to the priest of the small church of Hoboken, near New York, where his Majesty lived as a private gentleman during his stay in America. The parochial duties were performed by a good old priest, Father Cauxin. Hoboken has grown from a tiny village to a town of importance, and Louis Napoleon Bonaparte has become Napoleon III. The latter, however, has not forgotten old times, and has sent this splendid souvenir to the old priest, in memory of past kindness. The Mayor of Role has issued a notice, declaring that henceforward the tax on butchers' meat is to be suppressed in that town. Every Sunday morning each butcher is to register at the Maizie the price at which he will sell his meat during the week following and he is to affix in front of his staff during the whole of that week a list of the prices of the different kinds of meat exposed for sale ; he will not be permitted to take a higher price than what is marked, while the customer may buy at a lower rate if he can. A Paris paper gives us some curious particulars of the idiosyncrasies of certain artistes. Patti, for instance, is always drinking beer ; Mario smokes till he drives the impresario into a fine frenzy ; Borghi Maine comes off from an interview with her royal lover, and the Favorite immediately recruits herself with snuff. Talma used to shake his valet for five minutes, so as to get up a" wUd air " before he went on, and told, the audience. that he had seen, the ghost of his departed father. 