ClIA-l'TEH, II. TUB LAWYER AND HIS CLIENT. " Hadst not tliou boen bj', A fellow by the hand of Nature marked, Quoted, and signed to do a deed of shame, This murder lind not come into my mind." ' Jacob Foggleton ' was the name inscribed on a little old brass plate, which ornamented the blistered door of a house in Clibb's Court. The paint had contracted and gaped, leaving slimy-looking cracks all over the door, like the various intersections of a map, or as if some bewildered snail, of convivial habits, had lost his way while coming home from an evening party, and had wan- dered about without the remotest possibility of ever finding it again. Oh! a charming door was that for a lawyer's office! where the savage iron knocker always seemed out of humour with itself and everybody else, taking delight in sticking up stiff in the air, and suddenly coming down on the tips of your fingers . with the vengeful snap of à nutcracker ! And a jolly companion Avas that squinting keyhole, which looked with an ' evil eye ' at every one who stood on the door- step. Some people were ill-natured enough to hint, that the door resembled Lawyer Foggleton, inasmuch as no way was too slimy or crawling for Jacob ! that his heart and conscience were as withered and seared as his door ; while others affirmed, on pretty good grounds too, that the lawyer's reputation was as tarnished as the little brass plate which bore his name. The house he occupied was of very dismal habits, from the roof downwards. It had a dismal dark passage when you effected an entrance, a. dismal flight of stairs led up to the lawyer's dismal range of rooms, and the basement had an especially dismal look from, always having the shutters up, some of which had a dismal pro- pensity of yawning at the opposite houses, as if quite tired of their company. This bottom story was sacred in the annals of the juvenile - population of Clibb's Court ; arM startling traditions were re- hearsed of a bullet-headed ghost, who wore a Avhite sheet, and . indulged in the pleasant recreation of dragging a chain about over the floor of those desolate rooms ! The laAvyer was not a favourite with his neighbours, but lie didn't care for that ; in fact, he rather liked it. He liked his blistered door, because other people didn't ; and, for the same good reason, was on friendly terms with the ill-tempered knocker and malignant key-hole. He lived there because the place suited him, coming to business in the morning, and going away at night, keeping aloof from the other inhabitants ol the * lana,' and consequently receiving few good wishes, and many a curse. But if Foggleton had made himself obnoxious, there was another AVIIO shared the public abhorrence, that individual being the lawyer's clerk, a short, squabby lad, or man, (for"you could not possibly guess his years ; in size, he might have been about fifteen ; in appearance, he seemed to be five-and twenty), but Avhatever his age, Tie Avas a torment to all Avho loved peace and quietness, and a pest to the denizens of Clibb's Court generally. In fact, taking him all in all, Nettleby (for that was the name this mischievous piece of human nature revelled in) was a fit companion for his master; and though this worthy couple had more than one dispute, Nettleby had never yet been ' dismissed the service,' a circumstance that strengthened the opinion of those who believed in an impish relation between the boy and' the laAvyer. Obedient to his master's summons, the door Avas opened by Nettleby, a feAV mornings after the events detailed in the pre- ceding chapter, and moodily stalking by, the lawyer ascended the creaking staircase that led to the ' office,' folioAved in silence by the cleric, who, intuitively perceiving by his master's per- turbed visage that something had gone Avrong, Avisely forbore making any allusion to things past, present, or to come. " .Well,"'growled Foggleton, as he hung his Avalking coat on a nail, and proceeded to don an old office garment, " any one been? Any letters?" " No, sir, there ain't bin nobody about nuthink," responded Mr. Nettleby. "And the only letter as come AV as the milk-" Avoman, Avho says she can't afford to lose no more milk, until the old score's settled." The lawyer muttered something, and in a half-audible tone consigned his persisteiit creditor to a very warm ' milk-Avalk ' indeed. ' 1 " So I told her after I persuaded her to leave the alb Avance this time ; " and to corroborate his testimony, Nettleby produced' the chalky fluid in a pewter pot, which some former clerk, with. ou vi! y decided principio- of honesty, had obtained from some neighbouring; hostelrie,_ and forgot ten to return to the rightful owner. " Oh! ah! well!" chuckled the lawyer, as he seated him- self nt his desk, and went briskly to work ; while Nettleby pro- ceeded to kindle ii flame with horne waste documents, in a rusty gi ale that occupied thu capacious fire- place. When he had succeeded in lighting the contents of the stove, arnon? which some old pureliun-ats reared themselves up in the flumes, writhing and quivering in the fkiy torture, the clerk commenced si tting the table for breakfast- certainly not a diffi- cult undertaking-for tile whole equipage consisted of a cracked cup and saucer which bore no family likeness, and a blackened cofhe- pot, which latter aiticle he deposited in the middle of the blaze. The silbar was still enveloped in the paper in which it had been conveyed fi nm the ' general shop' al the corner, and a suspicious-looking hole suggested the idea that the messenger di .-patched for the .saccharine treasure had been possessed of a ' sweet tooth ' Patt of a loaf, and some butter in a plate, were likewise ( onjured from an old press. These anieles were dis- posed 011 the table by Mr. Nettleby, mid then whiski,,g off one or two ¡-tiay pieces of papei (which, in his opinion, disturbed thc harmony ol the arrangement), and glancing into the cavernous depths of the e,'.ftee-pot. to see how affairs were progressing in that quarter, he intimated to thc lawyer, that " breakfast were ready And now I will give a brief outline sketch of him, as he sat engaged in despatching Isis frugal med-a sketch which my read eis can fill in from their own ninnis as my stol y proceeds. Ile ssas a thin, spare-built man, of middle height, with a head which Nettleby described as being ' as bald as ;i begg, and not half so good-looking! ' The little hair he possessed, and which lurked thievishly behind his ears, was of a cheerless grey ; and his eyes, of the same colour, wore a dull, cold, glassy look, sa\e when the lawyer was excited, l/i/ it they would flash and scin- tillate like the death-chat god orbs of a serpent as it dashes al its prey. His face approximated in colour io his parchments, while his large and ungainly limbs hung loosely to his frame, and gave him the appearance of a huge spider-an idea which his profession, in a great measure, sei ved to enhance. Alto- gether there was a general look of villainy about him, as if Nairne had written ' iHns /hiörr.ttirr lutlnrssctli ' across his fore- head, and then as if the indenture went on to witness nothing but cunning and dishonesty down to the very toes of his worn out boots ! His clerk. Mr Job Nettleby, was as great a curiosity as his master, perhaps more so ; for nobody knew wheie he lived, who paid tor his board and lodging, or whether it ever mis paid tor. When pressed, indeed. Joh had confidentially imparted the in foimatiou, that he ' hung out ' at Mother Megley's, an ancient female, occasionally employed by the lawyer as washerwoman Some supposed that Nettleby enjoyed a sort of chamclion existence; hut tho fact is, when Fortune smiled, he patronised a certain class of cook-shops where victuals of a doubtful cha- racter were vended; and whin she frowned, lie managed to subsist in a manner that astonished himself as much as it did others. As 1 have said befoie, his age could not be depended on ; there was nothing remarkable in his features, but his clothing displayed ideal of mechanical contrivance Whether Nettleby ever got free from his habiliments, it would be hard to say, but he had so many ' fixins,' some scraps of crooked wire, sundry pieces ol'twine. anti tm old knife-handle, that his clothes conveyed thc impression of being ' skewer'd ' on. 15etween this amiable individual, and the population of Clibb's Court, an endless feud existed. Whenever he tell into the hands of the stronger portion of the community, he, to use his own expression, ' got jolly well pum- melled.' The gentler sex rated him. and also rated Foggleton for keeping such au annoyance to the neighbourhood, and gave it as their opinion, that ' that 'ere boy 'ud never come to no good;' while the youngsters formed themselves into skirmish- ing parties, that waylaid him at every opportunity, and many were the displays of pugnacity which ensued in consequence. Under the lawyer's table sat a hungry-looking dog, who owned no master but Nettleby, and who made vigorous dashes at the few crumbs which fell to the floor, lie was known at all ;he butchers' shops and provision-dealers in the locality as a most incorrigible thief, and was generally supposed to have gone in for a course of moral training under the combined tuition of Nettleby and thc lawyer. Moreover, the tail of this cur had h: 'rn curtailed w hile he was ' executing a deed of conveyance ' on a leg of mutton, from a neighbouring shop to the lawyer's office; and thc stump had ' a habit of shaking itself reproach- fully at him whenever he took a backward glance.' When Foggleton had drank two cups of coffee, and glanced into the empty pot, to convince himself that it iros empty, he rose from the table, and bidding Job clear away, re-seated him- self at his desk, and wrote on vigorously and in silence ; for, despite thc low appearance ot himself, office, and locality, Fog- gleton did not want for business -k>a web well supplied with flies ! Something galling to his spirit evidently occupied his mind that morning ; for, ever and anon, he desisted from his employ- ment, and, resting his chin on his hand, intently watched" a ppider in thc corner of the window, who was trying to hasten the dissolution of a refractory fly. which had got entangled in the meshes of the web. Presently the buzzing ceased-thc spider had triumphed '. " 1 have it," exclaimed the lawyer, at the.same instant snatch- ing up a sheet of paper and tracing some hurried lines ; " Her« Job," he suddenly added, '. you know Gray-Gowland Gray the merchant: " " Same as bin to before, sir : " enquired thef clerk. " The same," nodded his master. " Yßs, sir," responded Nettleby, as he slipped from a crazy looking stool, which seemed to be afflicted with a kind of falling sickness, inasmuch as it required great dexterity in locating Yourself on it, and still greater to maintain your position. *' Take this note to him as quick as possible, no fighting with boys as you go," (the lawyer never hinted at ' playing,') " and give it to"Mr. Gray himself; do you hearr" " Yes sir ; " and Job quitted the room, followed bv the doç with the reproachful tail, a yell in the street immediately after- wards announcing one of the war-paities to be in hot pursuit. " Confound that boy ! he'll lose the letter," muttered Foggle- ton, angrily " He hasn't got a friend in the town. Well, all the better for my purposes-he knows too much ; and others would know the same if he had an acquaintance to confide in." And then the lawyer threw himscll back in a chair to muse. " Who would have thought of this young fellow turrung up to endanger all my plans ! " lie muttered, referring to some memoranda. " ' Taken to the house of one Matthew Bellmore !' ah! 'doctor says will recover'--Um ! Curse him! These accidents never do their work thoroughly ! litre just enough has been done to make him a hero, without a bone broken ! Confound him ! I can see it all. Ile is introduced to his cousin as her preserver-mutual surprise-' Dear Arthur !' and ' Dar- ling Amy ! '-and this soft-eyed beauty makes a shrine for him in her hi art diiectly '. But no. no, Jacob Foggleton ! where he can win, you can buy. Ha! ha! diamonds are trumps, and -with care you must play the winning game ! Children soon get tired of their playthings, and the old is soon thrown aside for the new : so it would be with ' handsome Arthur Gray ! ' he would tire of you-tire of you, darling Amy ! tire of your bright eyes and pouting lips ! but n<A so will it be with ' ugly old Fcvgletun ! ' he's too old to change. Ah, you are a pretty toy, Amy Gray-a pretty, pretty toy ! " And so half an hour passed on, and an hour passed on, and the iawyer sat in his chair, or paced the room with a troubled countenance. His brain was busy with ninny a scheme, but few of the plans turned over in his mind seemed to meet with appro- bation ; nevertheless, when the sound of carriage wheels broke on his ear, and footsteps were heard on the creaking stairs, his face assumed a confident expression, and he received his visitor with seeming composure. (To be continued. ) 