THE MURDER OF HENRY KINDER. 7-5? (ABRIDGED FROM THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD, DEC. 7.) WATER POLICE COURT. SYDNEY. Henry Louis Bertrand, 25, dentist, lately case rying on business in Sydney, and Jane Bertrand (21), his wife, were, on Wednesday, the 29th till., brought before the Water Police magistrate and Mr. G. R, Elliott, S.V., on a charge that they did, at St, Leonard's, in the district of Sydney, on or about the 2nd of October last, feloniously, wilfully, and with malice aforethought, kill and murder Henry Kinder. Maria Helen Kinder (apparently about thirty years of age), the wife of deceased, was at the same time charged with being an accessory to the murder. Mr. Butler appeared as counsel for the Crown ; Mr. W. Roberts was for Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand and Mr. R. W. Robbards (of the firm of Gurner and Robberds), with Mr. P. Macpherson, for Mrs Kinder. Detective K Hott apprehended Jane Bertrand on the 28th ultimo at her residence in Wynyard-square. She was conveyed to the (female watchhouse, where he read to her the warrant by virtue of which she was arrested, and to the charge therein contained she made no answer. He received from her a gold watch, chain, locket, and two rings, and a portemonnaie containing £6 18s. 3d. In the portemonnaie there were two cards bearing the name of Kinder. Henry Wager, resident clerk in the detective department, proved the arrest of Maria Helen Kinder, at Bathurst, on Monday, the 25th ult. She was, by warrant under the hand of the police magistrate, remanded b Sydney. Witness escorted her from Bathurst. She made no answer to the charge. Henry Louis Bertrand, who had been removed under writ of habeas corpus from Darlinghurst Gaol, (where he was undergoing a sentences default of sureties to keep the peace for using threatening language to a Mrs. Robertson, was, on the morning of the 29th, arrested at the Darli nghurat Police-station, by Detective Elliott, on the present charge. When the warrant was read to him, he said "It's rather a heavy charge." Elliott asked, " Am I to take that as your answer to the charge?" Bertrand rejoined, " Am I on my trial now?" Elliott said, "No, I am only stating to you the charge." Bertrand added, " My reply to it is Not Guilty." Prisoners were remanded until Monday, Dec 4. Mr. Butler opened the case for the Crown, The principal evidence as to Bertrand and his wife would be admissions made by them, and, as far as Mrs. Kinder was concerned, it would be for their worships to take into account the circumstances tending to prove the probability of her being connected with the alleged crime. The motive for the crime would be found in the writings both of Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder, as there would be sufficient to satisfy their Worships that even during the lifetime of the husband alleged to have been murdered, there was a personal intimacy, and, perhaps, an illicit intercourse, between Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder. After the death of Kinder, and when Mrs. Kinder had gone to reside at Bathurst, what was called a journal ordinary was kept by Bertrand, it being an understand- ing between them that he should jot down his thoughts, feelings, and the events of the day, for her perusal when they should meet again. From entries in this day it would be clearly seen that it was his intention to procure a divorce from his present wife, and to marry Mrs. Kinder. The very first entry was in a most impassioned strain. He talked of her as his wife, and of sweeping away, as with a scimitar, his enemies, or those who should "step between her love and him." " Think kindly of me-of my great failings," it proceeded-" see what I have done for thee -for my, for our love think of that, and doubt me if you can." In reference to the prosecution of Jackson, and his commital to prison for sending a threatening letter, there was an entry to this effect: "It pleased me I am satisfied - thus once more perish my enemies. He is this posed of for the present-are you sorry I Came home. The first thing Jane did was to tell me that after all our quarrel with regard to your laughing at Jackson, you while I was in court, laughed openly at him. Did you do so if so, you will be his ruin for I have not done with him yet. Why will you enrage me?" It might be necessary to explain that grounds would be found for imputing to Jackson an intimacy with Mrs Kinder, and that Bertrand, having an alloy tion for the woman, became jealous of the' man on account of his antecedent relation with Mrs Kinder whilst they were living in New Zealand. In another entry h said, "I am now by my own agonies pay ing a debt to retributive justice : how or what I have made others suffer, God only knows but if I have I richly deserve all' I feel, am you, my love, have you not done the same? In reference to the intention of getting a divorce, he said, " Dream of the future, for di we both look forward to 'repent our sins and make peace with our God, I am sure He will help us to be good if we try with all you heart and strength," &c.; Then he said " Thinking of the time when we shall meet to part only in death-when will that time arrive? It approaches slowly, but will slow steps : but it will come, believe me, a surely as you believe there is a God I have said it." he said further, "What wouldst be without thee, or even the hope of passes ing thee." In another passage this occurred -" I look back at the past, and I am almost astonished at what I have dared and success fully secured. Can you, after that, say you have not faith in me-that I am changed and that I could care for others beside thee? Then, in reference to her future conduct, h advised her to be good, as it was not too late to pray to God with a true repentant heart adding, "I dare not yet left up in voice to Him I feel I dare not yet as his forgiveness my dear wife, pray to thy husband." The following would be a credible, except on the supposition that Mrs, Bertrand was perfectly cognizant of h intimacy with Mrs. Kinder:-"I speak great deal of my affairs to my dear sister ; b1 loves me, and is much concerned about or future ; she is favourable to our divorce, and this, under the circumstances, is the mo kind thing I can do for Jane and for all concerned." Then with reference to the au position of antecedent intimacy, he said " Do you, my Ellen, ever dream that we a locked in each other's arms once more ? " 1 another part, he said, in reference to person named Bellhouse having to stop a his house, " After that, Mrs. Robertson was taken very ill, and is sleeping with my sister Jane is obliged to sleep with me ; it feels i strange, as I have not slept with her for long time it seems like sleeping with some one else's wife." Writing in reference to h worldly prospects, he said, "My heart ge sick and faint when I look into the future Did I flatter myself that God would let wretch like me go unpunished ? But I to thee, fate, I defy thee." Speaking of the of ject of the diary, he wrote, "This diary is of thee, my Helen?' Then he had a memorandum which he informed the father of M Kinder of this feeling he had about h daughter, and it seemed incredible that b sister and her father should, without any of pression of dissent, be aware of this the most. There was, however, it appears disapprobation on the mother's part, another entry, he spoke of being in a boat the harbour, standing on the deck, his " is turned towards the little house with no chimney?, and thinking of the time when the wings of love he flow to the arms my beloved; oh, my heart sinks when recall those happy meetings now go: by." This referred to the time when M Kinder was living with her husband.] " Wh none wore by to interrupt us. Those we happy moments alloyed with bitter though How horribly jealous I was; how could bear to know that Helen, my love, belong to some one who had a legal right to do or say anything he liked with her. It drove r raving mad, and I am what I am. I look around me, and saw the people coming and going as they used to do, and racked by a thought?, surely there can be no worse in than our own conscience." In another entry he said : " The more they open me, the more will be my power of resistant Poor fools, to try and the want my will-I wl value h am an life so little, and value weapo to be used when required, and then throw away or destroyed, Some, of course, be: kept for future use, if necessary." The letters were found in his possession, it would be proved to be in the handwriting Mrs. Kinder, sent to him from Bathurst. J this diary It appeared that he was a t habit of corresponding with her; but on one of his letters was found in her pi session: and it would seem that in t CBSe of the first he wrote to her, pt of it was intended for the inspection her mother, the rest intended only for li own eye, the portion intended for the most here's Bcparati', but enclosed. She had miss the receipt of other letters, but said they w< destroyed. Her correspondence with Bartra would be produced, disclosing an attaches quite as ardent on her part as that one trained on his part towards her. Part of B rand's evidence at the inquest would proved by this correspondence to be utter false. When asked if Kinder was jealous of his wife, Bertrand said 'He was jealous of his wife with every hereon he was a monomaniac on that point. She would answer when he abused her; but to my knowledge for the last six months I am certain Mrs. Kinder never gave deceased occasion for the unkind manner he showed towards her." Letters would be produced to show that this was absolutely false. Some of these letters began in October, and came down to the 23rd of November. The statement given of what occurred when deceased was shot was that, when Bertrand, Mrs. Bertrand, and Mrs. Kinder were present, Mr. Kinder came into the room, having been drinking, and having some time before been talking about his affairs. got excited, fired a pistol at his head, and fell down. The curious fact connected with this was, that neither Mrs. Kinder nor Mrs. Bertrand gave information to the police on the matter. It was stated that Kinder died of the injury which he then inflicted on himself but subsequently Bertrand stated to his own sister, who had come up from Melbourne (referred to in the diary at the person for whom he had a great affection, and who had a great affection for him), that the mode of Kinder's death was not as mentioned in the newspapers or at the inquest that he (Bertrand) had shot him, and that, as he lingered, and appeared likely to get somewhat better, Mrs. Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder concurred in poisoning him. The assistant would prove that he (the assistant was for weeks before privy to a design to commit the alleged murder, and to repeated attempts to murder Kinder; that he sent his assistant to buy pistols, Bertrand accompanying him in woman's attire and it would to proved that with one of these pistols Kinder came by his death. A person who, being cognisant of such a proceeding, did not denounce it to the authorities would scarcely be admitted as a very credible witness ; and his statement would seem improbable, if not confirmed by other testimony. It would be proved that Bertrand, with the aid of his assistant, procured a sheep's head, and in MR own bones fired at it for practice with the pistols that he had obtained. As to Mrs. Bertrand, it would be shown when asked about the circumstance by a person whose evidence would be forthcoming, she said something to the effect that Kinder was shot that Kinder showed Bertrand a card and some letters, and that Bertrand then shot him, placing the pistol as if it had been fired from Kinder's hand, and pat I ting a pipe in his mouth. Mrs. Bertrand also spoke of Kinder getting better, and of poisoning him. She said she did it, being afraid of her life being taken by her husband. Mrs. Kinder was present; and if her husband was shot and poisoned she must have been privy to it. On one occasion a card was produced and shown to the wife, and when asked if she remembered it, She cried out to the husband, " Don't, done and got quite affected by the production. He admitted that this was the card put into Kinder's hand at the time he was shot. On another occasion he threatened, in Mrs. Kinder's presence, to disclose that he had committed the murder and she said, " Don't, dont," in an apparent state of alarm, " Don't do anything of the kind." If that occurred, It showed a bygone complicity in what took place. The evidence for the Crown was then proceeded with. Detective Richard Elliott produced a packet of letters which, on the 24th of last month whilst Bertrand was in Darlinghurst Gaol be found in a secretary in prisoner's house "Wynyard-square. One of the letters bore the name of Mrs. Kinder ; the others appeared to be without signature, but they appeared to b in the same handwriting as that bearing; the name of Mrs. Kinder, he produced a diary found at the same time in on of the drawers in Bertrand's bedroom this drawer was not locked when found He also produced a small bottle, labelled! " tincture of belladonna," a large phial containing a white powder, and two pieces of dry substances, which were now folded up and sealed. The assistant (Alfred Burne) on th came day handed to witness a phial, labelled! " chloride of zinc." He also produced a pistol powder-flask, and a box containing caps, at which he found in the same secretary. Th tomahawk he produced he received from the assistant the same day. He also produced diary, which was found in a drawer in Bertrand's bedroom by the assistant, am his need to Inspector Read in h witness's presence He also produced a bottle he had receive from the clerk of Inspector Read. it be the word " poison" written on what appears to be the label of Wilkinson, chemist, Hui ter-street. Henry Wager, recalled arrested Mr Kinder in Bathurst, at her mother's. I said to her " I have here a number of your letter addressed to Mr. Bertrand, at Wynyard-square and I will thank you to let me be any letters you have received from Mr. Be trand." She replied, " I have none ; I always burned them." I made a search, and found a letter dated 7 Wynyard-square, October 2 1865, and signed " Louis Bertrand." I am derstood Mrs. Kinder to say this was his desk. I also found an envelope at dressed "H L. Bertrand, 7 Wynyard-square I pointed to an open box in the bedroom and asked her what that contained. She replied " It contains nothing but my children clothing and the pistol with which my husband shot himself. I searched the box, and found the pistol which I now produce. (It was a common pistol, with a trigger guard the other pistol, produced by Elliott, have a secret trigger.) The letters were as follow : " Bathurst, Oct. 31. "My Dearest Darling Lovers have a received your dear, kind, and most welco: letter. Oh, darling, if you could but know how my heart was aching for a word love from you Dear, dear love, so kind loving words seemed to have filled void in my heart. I cannot convey to you words the intense comfort your letter is me. It has infused new life into my veil I was tormenting myself with all sorts naughty thoughts, darling. Write very oft every day if you can-and I will be mere answer. There is no fear of our corr pondence of being seen, as I do not read i letters out. The one to day I did, as it t not matter, and it was such a nice, go letter. I wished mamma to have a favours opinion of you. Of course, I mean the of you intended her to see ; the other is by too precious for anyone but my o eyes or thoughts to dwell on. Oh, darling you are all I care for. Do bear i my own love, and hope for better days, tell you this when my own heart is sick with fears for the future. Levey, lovely, If could but see each other occasionally it wo; be some comfort; but that weary weary: waiting is terrible. Do you know I seam be able to bear it less and less with pation The hours and days drag on ; my only corn is at the end of a day, and to think of y words. Every day brings the end near,! and yet how do we know what the end a be You may not be able to accomplish his purpose on account of the expense it will be granted you; but I am not give way to thoughts of this ki: or I shall both unnerve myself and I but surely, surely things will turn out in some way or other. I am truly grieved hear about your difficulties, dear one. I if you will be hard pushed, you have such expensive household ; you moSt. be as care as possible on our account. Mamma is very much your being burthened with Lli ellyn ; but my patents are in such a post at present they have no choice but to see your kind -. And indeed, dear, the seems little or no prospect that I can here for the future. I would try and a situation in some house in Sydney ; b there is no such thing to be had. if ever, we must hope for the last, suppose you must not be ashamed of < poor home when you come up, daily] but I know that will make no difference you. If I lived in a shanty it would be the same, would it not? Now about my coming up, dear darling. How I should be to see your dear face, and to have a long, be talk with you about affairs in general. I my own love, I fear if you were to come j now you would not find it pay you. Ever thine is so dull, and what I fear more is the people to whom you owe money would down on you directly, thinking you w going to run away. Dear darling, all t advice goes sadly against the dictates of own heart, for my spirit is fairly dry for you. A glimpse of you oh! dear dearest, what would I not give to taken to your heart ; if only for a month I think it would content me. It is no dear. Your love is food-nourishment me. I cannot do without it. I tried to visa for the best, but I cannot. I cry out very bitterness. If I can only be near you only see you at a distance once again that I could bear myself. I believe, darling, if separation is for long I shall go out of mind. I cannot live without seeing : sometimes ; but if we lived anywhere Sydney, we could have this occasion which would have kept us up, so all I long time of waiting here I might as well at the end of the world. If you can man to do to without risk, darling, come up Christmas. 1 must try and live at h must, until your own judgment tells you we can meet without injury to yourself. How is Jane ? What is the in after ? It is of no use to say I am grieved at her being laid up that would be a mere farce be tween you and I May I then not make a pretence. As for her assertions with regard to Mr. Jackson, I shall not them for if I am to be taken to task about all she may choose to say about me, I shall have enough to do. I am not aware that she is so very particular with regard to her statements generally as to think it worth while giving second thoughts as to what she may say about me. I know her, and you ought by this time. If you allow everything she may say to influence you against me. I have done; but, darling, I am yours I leave my conduct to be judged by you as you think fit; there let the matter rest. It ought never to have been broached. Oh, dear 'Lovey,' I feel heartily you know whenever you approach me, though some may say I get angry at anything you may say yourself. I am always ready and willing to listen to you my dear one, for haine Bottled. Munjina wishes very much we could have got into any sort of a business near Sydney, very much. When you come up you will be better able to judge of affairs. " Papa " talks of going to New Zealand, almost directly, for he is very unsettled, and what he had better do; to be is nothing to be done here. He quite expects me to make a good match one of these days. I tell him I would not give him thanks for the best man living, if I could only make my own living. Whatalong, long letter I have written. I do not seem to have much left, Do not let anyone see my letters or diary, as they are for your eye alone; and oh, dear one of all things, do not neglect writing; it is the only comfort I have during our Separation. Tell me all about youtcslf-your goings, sayings, and doings. I really must finish now. My own love, better, fondest love, ever yours. Good bye, lovey, pleasant dams Nelly. I kiss you every night, dear one, before sleeping, and cry God to bless you, and let the dream of you, I cry oh, oh, oh, my heart, and ache with longing to see you." "Bithunsr, November 6. "My own Dearest Loved received your two dear, kind letters, enclosed with one for Sarah, yesterday. I thank you again and again, darling, for them. I thank you still more for your kind consideration Of my dear father. It is too bad of me to worry you with my troubles when you are too straitened with your own ; but no, I will not say so, as I know you prefer me to consult you on all things. I have a strong faith, dear one, in your judgment, that I feel I can do nothing without your approval and then again, I have been so accustomed lately to look to you for advice and direction in all my worries, incapable to act independently of you. I have too much to say to you, I scarcely know where to begin. I am most grateful, dear one, for your thought of me. I have been considering your advice, and have arrived at a Bott of conclusion; but to mature matters, dearest, I think I had better explain exactly how we are situated. Oh, darling, darling, if I could only but see the old surgery there, and leaning my head against yours as I have so often done, and tell you all and everything, what a comfort it would be to me; but no, that can never be, perhaps never again. You tell me to have faith, and so I will dear, dear one, if you tell me to but it is very difficult. I am not penitent, I fear. Patience, you know, is not a virtue that I am gifted with and, after all, darling, I do not think you would use of no more, I could be constant to you for years perhaps, with only the hoped for change that is not me, love. I love you, you know full well, and I do not think you would like it to be such at least, if you would, one's feelings are to be studied. But, dear one, I have wandered from my subject. Now, dearest one, I want you to be on the look-out for me about a situation in some house of business, in case I fail in getting employment here. You must not be too particular, darling. The more money you can get the better it will be Do you think there is any chance in your succeeding? Ob, love, the thought that I might be a rather easier distance off you makes me wild with pleasure, Dear, dear one, I can place everything to your own judgment. I know you will do every thing for the best for me. I need not tell you what I should prefer ; your own heart will tell you that . Oh, dear, dear love, what can you mean about mamma's secret I know of none. Do, do tell me. I have tortured myself dreadful since your letter came. Darling, that must be some mistake; what secret can she have. Oh, my love, have pity and tell me. She has said nothing further about our letters ; but I do not think she likes our writing much. Oh, darling, you preach patience, but how can I be patient I cannot La. I won't be. I have no fear about your getting on, lovey. It is the uncertainty of our meeting is to me terrible. I have every faith in you as far as you are concerned ; but others, that is the thing. I am always well when I get a letter to strengthen me. You are right in saying I want you. Try to help me, oh, dear, dear life, now. I look forward for you. My heart fairly jumps at the thought. I must finish now love, in a hurry, as I hear mamma coming. God bless you. Good night, darling love, and plenty kisses from your own darling Child." Bathurst, November 9. " My own Dearest received your dear kind letters this afternoon. Oh, darling, why have you not written before this week ? I have been so wearying to hear from you I thought you had forgotten me, or that something dreadful had happened. But I must not be too exacting, must I, dearest love, and you have so many claims on your time. It is very, very good of you to think of and write to me as you do ; but, lovely, make excuses, end forgive me for complain- ing. You can have no idea in the midst of I agreeable society and pleasant surroundings, what the disappointment is to me when I am denied the one and. only pleasure of my life-the getting a letter from you, dear one. It is. five long days since I heard from you, I thank you very much for your kind and loving words- they always strengthen me. I am so thankful you have been doing a little business again ; it only wants a start. You will get on nicely now, I trust. I am sorry to say matters do not at all improve with us. I have no news to tell you about myself, except that my whole thoughts are given to you. Oh I do feel so very do Relate, and have such a craving to see you at times, and then, again, I bow my head in utter humiliation of spirits when I think of my utter unworthiness and to bring a blight on all that I love and care for me. Oh ! if I could only be a true Christian ; but my thoughts and desires are so terribly wicked. I am myself terrified at thora. God forgive me and strengthen me in the right way, and teach me to bear with patience whatever the future may have in store for me, ... I do not know how I shall feel when I see your dear face again. The thought sorts my breast beating and my blood running in my veins. Do, darling, not fail to write as often as you can, spare me a little moment," " My own darling, what a treat it is to me to get your dear letters. The one enclosed in Llewellyn's letter I thought was beating the best of news news that has distressed me. Your loving words are the only comfort I have around me in the surrounding darkness. . . . I do trust, dear love, your business may improve ; it will be dreadful if it does, not, I are very glad to hear that your sister. least, has some prospect before her. I think you were most Boosiblo in your advice to her, for every one appears to be in a bad state, and not much likelihood of improvement, so that a certainty, so it over so little, is not to be despised. . . . Mamma has already commented on my getting letters from you, and says the injury I am doing you and Jane by encouraging your love. She also advises me to be careful what we write, as she says there are many reports with regard to us in Sydney, and that the detectives have power, and might use it if they thought to 2nd anything out by opening our letters. I was not aware they had that power; it is only in case of there being anything suspicious with regard to people. Dear one, I do not ask advice so much with regard to ourselves, but mine is real necessity for something to be done. Mamma gave me a regular lecture to-day. I know she would see through us, and a good as told me she would not countenance anything wrong. I. darling, know what I shall have to bear. I told mamma place out I cared for you and you for me; I also said I should not think of marrying. All this makes me more anxious to be to a certain extent independent of them, if I could in any way manage it Love, love you ask me to say I love you, dear darling ; it is born in sorrow and trouble, of therefore all the stronger my heart and mind aches with the strength of my love, as it is one almost without hope love you, oh yes, better than anything in this wide, wide world, not only love but respect ; I look up to you as through nature. Do not ask if I love you, you must feel it in the bottom of your heart how I do love you, and I shall continue to love you always. Oh, dear darling, it is a week this evening since I left, what an age 1 Dear, dear love, good bye." '* Bathurst. Nov. 21. " My own dearest One, Oh is it, can it be true, yes, that there is a possibility of our being ever in the same city - Oh, dear, dear love, the thought is too great a happiness even, am I not dreaming ? Bat darling, is there even a remote chance of such a thing coming; to pass ? You cannot imagine my feelings' when I freadlyour dear, dear letters, what thought and trouble you do take, deareSt on my account. I can never repay i yet sufficiently. Yea, words are weak to all that I feel, and yet, I cannot help saying,, again and again, how grateful I am to your for all your care and anxiety on my account. . . . How I do trust everything may turn out as we wish, but I fear it is too good to be reality ; but I have faith in your good lack, 'Loo,' and such dependence on your judgment, darling, that I seem to fancy nothing; can go wrong if you wish otherwise.. I am glad to hear that your brother-in-law is getting on. I hope your sister will like her now house. Give her my kindest re garden. I think had she known meander more favourable circumstance she would have liked me; but that cannot be helped the good or ill opinion of others, after all, does not alter one for butter or works des It, deny? I am what I am. Trusting you will have good news for me next time you write and oh, darling, fancy, fancy, each other to be always near each other. Dear love, I shall die with picture if it comes about. Good bye. and good night, dear, dear kind love God for ever bless you Ever yours, most affectionately." " Bathurst, November 14. "My own dearest loved resolved your kind and loving letter of Monday. I thank you very much for It, darling ; but how am I to answer it? I have nothing cheering to say. With regard to our coming to Sydney to live, I sounded mamma about it; but, as she says very truly, it would be a great risk removing. She would like, of all things, to be in Sydney if she could see her way clear b Joto her. What I want you to do is to gas me some employment in or near Sydney. Mamma, when I was telling her this afternoon that I could not and would not make up my mind to remain here, said it was a pity I came up ; but she says she will take charge of the children, that they shall be no hindrance to me if I wish to leave home. So, darling dear one, if you want me to be near you, it is our only chance you getting me something. It is surprising how delicate people grow now a-days. Louis, I am in a rage with that interesting little friend of yours. She is double dealing. You may find her out yet. I had better not say any more, for I find my temper is getting the better of me. Dear, dear love, bow I do long to see you. You would soon put me all right. Do try and get me something near you, I shall always be tormenting myself with all sorts of jealous fears. If I am away, be sure and write me again soon, lovey, what you think I must say. Goodbye, most dear, precious, one, with. endless love. Forgive me, for you know my disposition too well to be angry with me, particularly as it arises from caring too much for you. Good night and goodbye God bless you. Ever your's. K." Bathurst, November 18. "My own dear Louisa received your dear, kind little note about an hour since. I have very little time to answer it, but I must tell you, lovey, it has put new life into me, the hope that you may be successful in your endeavour to get something for me to do that will bring me near your dear self. Oh, darling love, I do long for that time to come about. I do not care how hard I may have to work, or how much, anxiety may have, if I can only be where I shall be able to have a cheering smile from you dear. ones love, do help me in it, it is absence from you that hurts me so Oh, I know I could bear anything but dishonour, and, love, that I could hear, if it were only myself that was the sufferer. The, dear one. I know you will understand. My feelings for my parents and young sister, besides. I know, love for your own and my sake you would always Shield me, you door, dear generous one. How can I repay you for all thoughts for my happiness, for I know well you feel that it is my happiness to be near you ; but, darling, not for my sake must you involve yourself in difficulties, dear dear, that my. st not so. I must have patience, and be content to wait and hope, if that is the only means of sparing you, for you must not worry yourself so much on my account, darling, I am not worth the labour you take about me. If you were only here, and I could be even in the same town, I should be all right. Don't think me a little goose, but I do love to think of the time when I shall see your dear face; very, very often that is what makes me want to come to Sydney, or somewhere near, create I would make up my mind to stay here and be content for if it were not for you, all places would be alike to me. Oh, I do hope you will succeed, darling. I pray you may, for I quite expect it. You must remember I am a seamstress, now, not a lady with time at my own disposal. So good-bye, my own dear one. Adieu. God bless you, love. Ever your own affec- tionately." " November 21. " Oh, darling Louie-Your letter has quite bewildered me. Oh. lovely. what shall I say, and what shall I do? You must not be angry. But I do not quite understand about; this business. You say something about papa's is going to New Zealand. If I am going to Sydney to go into the house, he must not go; he must stay in some capacity or other, as it would never do for me to enter into it without his countenance, darling, Darling, both yours and my reputation would be gone at once, you see. If he could stay, I will come at once. Oh, dear darling, he must stay, or I cannot come. I am too young, In reality, after all the talk there has been about me. Dear, dear love for myself I would risk all but supposing it should not answer. My having lived, as it were, in, and keeping your house, without either of my parents to come to see me; it would preclude all chance of my getting my living in any other way. Mamma would not, at least could not, come just now in fact, I would rather she did not until we could see our way clear. I am talking renBon now, lovely ; but oh, do, do got papa to stay, if only for a time, just to see how things will go, so that I may commonly do, so at once ; I will be with you if you do so, good: I will fly direct, and only be too glad, as it is just what I should like to have plenty to do. Deary, you must, you will see that I could not come to the above ; the only liability papa has immediately is for a bill about £70 to meet ; you see, if he could not arrange that week I would call marama of it at once, as he grows impatient ; if that could only be managed, there is nothing to prevent papa stopping here at least three months, and by that time I should have got Bottled, or some other arrangement might be made besides, darling, I know nothing really about the business; I could not get on without papa ; mamma would go on with her business here Independently of me. I have told mamma about It she says if papa (he asked for, it might answer here she much, doubts my being able (manage such a thing, but the idea of my going alone is, I fear, altogether wrong. I feel It myself, too, door in fact, my dear, you must, if papa does not remain, get me a situation. You see, dearly in an hotel Is such a public affair, that my position would be noticeable directly { and, deary, you know that must have a little consideration. I should not like to be in public, and I know you would not like for me to be a disgrace to everyone connected with me. You see. if my parents had not been in the colony that would be something different, but as it is, I have no voice for entering into such a thing without their countenance .... You must write by return of court, dear love, as I shall be tormented till I hear from my heart's throbs. Telegram to me, love; I will answer, and tell you when to meet me at Penrith, Oh, this meeting, love; I shall go mad ; it is too delicious to dream of; oh, let it be in reality, darling, do, do. I would say "- [remainder illegible] Mary Agnes Robinson deposed The eight letters produced are in the handwriting of Mrs, Kinder. Alfred; Burne deposed I was assistant to the prisoner Bertrand, at Wynyard- square. The books produced, marked " 0. J. K." respectively, are in his handwriting, as is also that marked " A." The depositions of Mrs.. Kinder and Mr. Bertrand were put in and read. The diary man then put in, and a copy of it road, It was as follows: " Sydney, Oct. 20, 1865, Thursday. "Lonely! Lonely I Lonely ! She is gone. I am alone, O my God I did I ever think of dreamofeuchaeony? lam bound to appear calm ; go much the worse. I do so hate all mankind. I feel as if every kindly feeling Jina tone with her. Ellen, dearest Ellen, I thank, dare to thank God for the happiness of our last few moments. Surely, He could not for unto us, and yet favour us as he has done. Tears stream from my eyes ; they relieve the burning anguish of my breaking heart. Oh, how shall I outlive twelve long months I Child, I love thee pnwlonataly-aye, madly. I knew not how much until thou wert gone. And yet I am calm. Far as the dead silence that preludes the tempest. What fit ree passions are contending in my breast! Love, jealousy, revenge, bate, and uuopueBBed rage! Can I ever be good? I will try, since my love wishes it. Dearest child, what would I not do for you, my wife in heart, soul, and spirit! Angel of love, star that hath illumined my dark existence, I am grateful, ever grateful, for the intense happiness you have caused me. Oh, darling love, give me by thy future life, faith, new, sterling faith in thee. Thou- art all I possess both in this life and in the next. Do not rouse the demon that I know lies dormant within me. Beware how you trifle with my love. I am no base slave to be played with, or cast off as a toy. I am terrible in my vengeance terrible, for I call on the powers of hell to aid their master in his dire vengeance. God I what am I saying? Do not fear me, darling love. I would not harm thee-not thy dear self, but only, sweep away as with a scimitar my enemies, or those who step between thy love and me. Think kindly of me-of my great failings. See what I have done for thee, for my for our love. Think of that, and then doubt me if you can. Oh! Ellen, I swear that since the creation of the universe no woman was ever loved as thou art. Dear love, are you not proud of that and I feel that I am loved equally well. I am so ill, Ellen ; I want a smile from those dear eyes to give me hope, renewed energy. My life seems ebbing away. I want to live now since thou art the prize to be won. I have thee I know, but I crave my own darling to call thee wife before God and man. Will that ever be If I thought not I would not live. No, what is life without thee. One burning kiss, love. Adieu. Will you think of our last parting ; you did not leave me or I you, we left each other of our own free will that we should sooner meet again, How strange it seemed you going one way and another, and yet I seemed to carry you back with mi; thy darling spirit is ever by me. Courage, dearest, courage, and all will yet be well. The journey will fatigue you greatly, and I not there to help thee, my love. That happinesS will fall to the lot of some one who knows not the extreme pleasure he is robbing me of. Dear one, I pray that you may not be ill. That my love will strengthen instead of enervating yon, ' my own ? child. I feel I love you as mother, sister, brother, husband, all, all combined. What work I have before me God only knows, but I will call His love to help me, and strive to do right, I feel I shall ; thy dear devoted love will save me. I know it will, and we may yet be good and happy together. In the train I borrowed half the Empire, which contained this paragraph: "'Francis Arthur Jackson, convicted of sending a threatening letter to Henry L. Bertrand with the intent to extort money, sentenced to twelve months' hard labour in Parramatta gaol.' " It pleased me. I am satisfied. Thus once more perish my enemies. He is disposed of for the present. Are you sorry ? Came home. The first thing that Jane did was to tell me, that after all our quarrel with regard to your laughing at Jackson, yon, white was in court, laughed openly at him. Did you do so ? If so, you will be his ruin, for I have not done with him yet. Why will you enrage me I called on Cooper, at the City Bank, and gave him your letter. The board meets to morrow at twelve a.m. I trust to God that they will do something for you ; afterwards telegraphed to you Jack' son's sentence ; am doing no business whatever; Alfred not been to-day; obtained five copies of your darling likeness; kept two for myself, gave one to June, and one each to my sister and Mrs. Robertson ; I had also three of mine at the same time. 1 have been very ill all to-day, and very sad that is not to be wondered at how could I be otherwise? I could eat no dinner; had nothing whatever to eat since breakfast with your darling self until half-past seven to-night. I placed one of your dear darling portraits this morning in your pocket ; so carry on, my love, about with me, and kiss your dear eyes again and again. Love, dear dear Nelly, how do you bear our separation Oh, darling, you. must be tired and worn out God bless and guard thee, Ellen. (One day] nearer to thee.) Louis. " Friday, 27th One more day stolen from fate. Saturday, 28th Dear Ellen, I am sion now with thy spirit.- Tis twelve o'clock The art perhaps asleep, or thinking of you: dear loving Louis-thinking of the time when we shall meet to part only in death. When will that time arrive? It approaches surely but with slow steps; but it will come, believe me, It will come, as you believe there is a God I have said it, I forgot Jane was better; see about half-past four, Harriette, Jane, and went out for a walk. Good-bye, darling Dear love God love and keep thee. Thru days nearer to thee, dear Ellen Louis. Sunday, 29th Harriette, mydearsistc Harriette, is a comfort, for dear girl, she knows I love to talk of thee, my own darling and so listens attentively to the enumerator of the excellent qualities. I forget at times she is a woman, for I am sure she must I jealous of the immense- love I bear thee. So often say she wants her husband to carats he I fear, my dear Kelly, that not having you t fascinate, I shall become quite slovenly and untidy, for if I consulted my own feeling) should not dress at all. I dare say also that I shall become ugly again, for you know he ugly I was before I knew you, I may has now, only you do not see it, or rather prudent not to Never mind, my love ; if I at good enough for you, you are my two iii That is all I desire; no, that is not all, for am ambitious-very, very ambitious. 1 was fame as well as wealth and power, and, i tifiUiil, Httlo Bertrand must have his way You know he is a spoilt child spoilt in more ways than one. So, as I was saying, I must have fame, fortune, and power, as well the most ardent, pure, passionate, au devoted love of the most fascinating, amiable and best of women that the world i present contains. There! If this is an battery, I don't know what is; but it is in it is the truth; at least, I think it is a truth to the best of my belief, as we say i court. Oh, I must not speak of courts ; v have bad enough of them, at least for the present. But you know, dearest love, with my saying, what is the next court that should like tooxtendto me its jurisdiction I long for the time when I shall be able i commence to sea about it; but patience patience. Louis, restrain thyself- not too far I know, my own dear darling love, evo night before' I lay me down to sleep, to my love for the burns as clearly and brightly as ever. Oh, I thank God, do Ellen, that it is 60 for thy dear sake, for if had ceased to love thee, what wouldst tin have done ? Good-bye, loved darling child burn to embrace thee. Ellen, onto us adieu. Four days out of the 365. Louis. Thursday, 2nd. Harriett) awoke me to morning by placing a letter before my eyes Dull as I am usually, I sprang up wide awake I know I felt by instinct, even before I ec the writing, that it was from my love. O what a delicious half-hour I passed in be< Yes, the dear epistle was so long that it to me a whole half-hour to read it through My loved darling, what a dear good girl she is to comfort me so great Oh, my dear love, I do hope that you, u love, are not ill. Oh, dearest one, I love long to see, to embrace- thy dear self; who shall I do without thee, my dear child ? love thee passionately aye, more fondly than ever. Oh, my beauty, do not grow cold or formal. I shall die outright. I am half der already. Oh, my Ellen, we ought to con spond every day of our lives, until we can is one another. My life seems, nay, is, a cor pleto bunk, since- thou, my sweet one, is gone. Wednesday, 8th. Thank God, another day gone ; what a weary, weary time. He ever will a twelvemonth pass? God on knows. My heart grows sick and faint wh I look into the future. Oh, God, is this To ' retribution for our sins I Did I flatter says that the Almighty would let me a wretch li me go unpunished ; but I tell thee, fate defy thee. What do care for aught, only as I am with my Ellon. No matter what the hast been, my child, I hold them up as a tin virtuous wife to me, for you have been true me, oh my dearest love. When can I of the o mine V When shall I have the right love thee openly ? That it may not be lo I pray, for both our sakes, as I fear this tends to undermine my health. must take care of myself for thy sa: day dear one I want to give to th my love, not a worn-out husband, but man in all the vigour and energy of t prime of life, that I may live long to turn the rest of the existence happy. What comfort to be alone. It is now nearly th: o'clock, and I have not as yet noted I events of the day. They think down in N Zealand that Hay did not intend to li himself, but only to frighten his wife. " Thursday, November 9th pa carne tea with me, and after tea we went out for short walk, and came home and played wh! About half-past eleven he went. I acci pained him, and our conversation was so pressing that I stayed out till nearly t o'clock. I told papa all about our affairs. could not start hear him planning a m riego for my own darling so thought it best tell him all. He plainly said that El loved so sincerely, and that it was for be our happiness, he would not object. Sjt! isEotllfd. " Friday, November 10th went over the Klribili. It brought a crowd of id that I thought were buried for ever be i to my memory. This is the first time I have been to the shore since poor Harry's I funeraL I am standing on the deck, my face turned towards the little house with the two chimneys, as I used to do when on wings of love I flew to the arms of my beloved. Oh, my heart sinks within me when I recall our happy, happy meetings alone, and none by to interrupt us. Those were happy moments; but, indeed, alloyed with bitter thoughts. How horribly jealous I was. I was mad. How could I bear to know that my Ellen, my own dear love, belonged to some one who had the legal right to do or say anything he liked with her. It drove me raving mad, and I am what I am, " Saturday, Nov. 11th Mr. Defries, when I was out with him, spoke to me about our affair. He said that he knew more about us than we imagined that he had watched us all along, and that he thought it his duty to speak to me on the subject. What I imagine is this-that either Mrs. Robertson or Jane has hinted something to him of what they know. I thought it best to hear what he had to say, so that I might be on my guard. He knows the truth of my love for dear Ellen, and also that she loves me. He also knows that I Intend getting a divorce. He begged of me almost on his knees to try and love my wife. " Sunday, November 12. Dear, sweet, loved Ellen, the more they oppose us the greater will be my power of resistance. Poor fools, to try and thwart my will. I tell them, all that thou hast need of. God's help. Indeed, if thou hast me for an enemy- I, who value human life as I value weapons, to be used when required, and then thrown away or destroyed ; some, of course, kept for future use if necessary. Beware ! If I have my way in this, if I obtain this Bole object of my being, I feel that I shall be reclaimed ; but it not, no matter from what cause, Heaven help the world. Oh I shall indeed be revenged. What my brain con- ceive my hands can execute; but enough of this for the present. I am furious on this one subject. " Monday, November 13th feel depressed, terribly depressed in spirit, to hear accusa- tions against my own darling love To hear her spoken of as being bad, almost as bad as it is possible to be, is sufficient to upset my intellect. They tell me that she went into Defries' bedroom, and sat on his bed for three hours until Mrs. Dofrieí had to turn her out. Oh, my God ! must be mad to listen to or repeat such things, but I seemed spell-bound at the time, and seemed to take a morbid delight is being miserable. I cannot account for it in any other way. Ellen, my dear, own dear: love, I must be near you. I want to look in those dear wicked eyes-and I know they cannot, will not deceive me; and yet I am, of a certain extent, blinded by passion, and she knows it. But I am unlike other men, and she knows what to expect. . . . Nine teenth day since I commenced this Sunday November 14, 1899.- ... I spoke to Layard about taking an hotel for Ellen-h fact, for myself- so that if my business is in jured by the Kinder affair, I shall have Borne thing to fall back upon. I have the offer of two very nice ones, and am undecided which of the two would suit me; in fact, a; plan is this-to take the place for myself, am put my darling in it for me, in her name Mr. Wood will manage the affair, and if w be arranged that if anything happened at Mr. Wood, it would not affect us. Also as it will be mine, I shall have everything in my power, and both dear Elie and I will be independent of ever one. Directly after dinner Layard called the dogcart for me. We went and saw but the hotels they are both very nice ones came home alone, and while we were at te Mr. Wood came. I told him how things were going on, and he seemed delighted at the prospect of such luck. He showed me a letter he had written to Ellen, telling her of his going to New Zealand, and of their coming t Sydney. Of course, then, he was not aware of what I had been doing. Thursday November 10,18(55.-It appeal that Mr. Wood, contrary to my instructions had humbugged with the people at the hotel and spoilt it. The woman wanted near, £200 more to-day, when she thought so many people were after it; and I am sure I do no know how we are to manage it at all, as have no money whatever. I, however, was not give up the idea, as I am sure dear Elie would do well with me. Friday, November 17. Went to Layard at ten to hear what was decided about the hotel, and found that I could not have It i nil, us the woman had been tampered with by Mr. Wood. That is unfortunate, 03 would have preferred that one. However, is gone, and cannot be helped. Saturday November last have take the University Hotel, and intend to-morrow to write Ellen the whole truth of the matter and if she decides on coming down at one luuiBUiowe Eh nil both of us make money, besides being able to see each other so often I will keep Mrs. King as barmaid, as al understands the whole business of the place and besides, my dear love will by this must be saved not only work and trouble, but as a great deal of unpleasantness. Layard will join me in the business. We came home about seven o'clock to tea, and then went up stairs, with the intention of playing cards, but Mrs., Robertson was taken very 1 indeed, and so we did nothing. At eleven she went home; I rode with her, and was dered back-that is the events of to-day. -Louis. Twenty-four days gone." Alfred Burnu recalled I have been near four years in Bertrand's service. I had' known Mrs. Kinder stop at Bertrand's lion at night. Bertrand told me that on the fir occasion of his knowing Mrs. Kinder, Bhe viz accompanied by her mother and sister, an that after the acquaintance, when her moth and sister accompanied her, he exchange letters with her when they shook hands at parting. He told me that, Mrs. Kinder had taken a violent fancy for him. Son time after this he told me that Kinder would very likely be found dead in his bed one morning. He said that Kinder would very likely commit suicide. On a subsequent occasion he told me in the works that he would put Kinder against Jackson and so get Jackson out of the road, 1 making Kinder jealous of him. Abo a fortnight afterwards he told me he had succeeded, and that Kinder had got July son to leave the house at the North Shore After Jackson had been three or four day Bertrand told me that he had tried to dry Jackson for the purpose of getting papers at letters written to him by Mrs. Kinder Afterwards he said he required a boat of a little exercise, and asked me if I would accompany him. We went the following night, about twelve o'clock. I hired boat from Buckley between five and s o'clock, and; about twelve o'clock we went it over to the North Shore, as far as Kludei house, which was about five minutes' wa From the wharf. The boat was tied up at the wharf, and we went to the side of Kinds: house, opposite to the bedroom window, upon which the moon was shining, lie Bar "That is his bedroom." I (think he we there for the purpose of getting paper: He did not go in. He said the mob was too strong. We returned to Sydney We went there again about three night after. We were there about one o'clock in the morning. This night he went into the house, whilst 2 was standing about a doz yards from it. He took off his boot giving them to me to hold. I cannot say how long he remained there as fell asleep. He got in by one of ft front windows-the diningroom window, think. After his return, he said Kinder's beer was untouched. He said, "We in dragged it ;" that Kinder was very restless starting up in his sleep every moment, j ton-time that evening he produced a watch he had bought, and asked me to bore a he in the handle, so that he could tie it up by string, and carry it concealed under I coat; and I did so. About one o'clock we went across in the boat. On got to the boat he told me that Kind kind insulted him at the theatre, as that it was his intention, to knock his boat out. He also said he inicnuCj la Rey divorce from his present wife, and to man Mrs. Kinder. I asked what was his case against Mrs. Bertrand. He said no cause I told him I thought it was impossible get a divorce from her unless he could g fcoUH'tliing against her; and he said he won get some one, and pay "them until he g something against her, When he was also going out of his house, he would wi me good night, tell me to be back early in the morning, slam the door, and then he would come out at the back- door With regard to what he said as to the divan I remarked what object could he have putting Mr. Kinder out of the way when M Kinder was just as good as a wife to him. 1 suit! Mr. Kinder had insulted him, and, I fides, he wished to have Mrs. Kinder i to himself. He said he told Mrs. Kind that he had been over there, and s would not believe it. When we got to a house he went in the same way, through the same window, by taking off his box He told me that he had taken t screws out of the lock, and put a lock in again with putty, so that would readily fall out into his hand. We returned in about an hour, or a little more and on our way back he said Jackson and Llewellyn (Mrs. Kinder's brother) were there again, asleep in the house, and that he did not think it safe, especially as the boards Mr. Kobei is Safe to do what ? Witness. To murder Mr. Kinder, as I understood. By Mr. Butler.-We then returned to Sydney. The tomahawk was a small one. It was that produced ; but part of the handle has been broken off. About a week after he told me he was going over again, and asked me in the afternoon if I would buy him a red Crimean shirt, because it would not show the colour of blood. I got one from Giles's. He then asked me if I understood making up, and if I would make him up so that he would not be recognised. I said, " Don't you wish you may get it." Between twelve and one he shut the door again, after calling out to his wife, then went up stairs and shaved himself. He woke me up. His face was then blackened. He had on a shell hat belonging to me, wore the Crimean shirt, and on his face he had a kind of mask that concealed half his face. He told me to take off my boots. I did so, and he did the same. This was at his own house, in Wynyard Square. We put on our boots outside in the lane', and went across with a boat again at about half-past one o'clock. He took some brandy in a ginger beer bottle, and drank the brandy before going up to Kinder's house. He got inside the house, and remained there about three quarters of an hour. When we got back to the wharf, he said he did not like going home without finishing what he had come to do and asked me if I would accompany him to the house, go in with him, and if anything happened, to take his part and knock any- body is briDE out who interfered ? I said it was too romantic for me, or I don't see any thing romantic in it, that I had no share in Mrs. Kinder, and would not run any risk ; he went back by himself, and returning in about half an hour, he wake me up, as I was asleep on the wharf on all these occasions I always carried the hatchet myself (except when he was in the house) for my own safety. I gave it to him when be got up to the house. I also used to get him to sit in front of me in the boat, for fear of accidents. I made him pull the stroke whilst I pulled the bow oar fearing lest taking me by surprise whilst my back was towards him, he might throw me into the water, Two or three weeks after, Bertrand asked me if I had any pistols. I said that I had one, but that I used it for conjuring-for wizard ing. He then asked me if I knew where any could be got, and where any one might buy them without being recognised. I told him I did not know. He said he would get some himself. That night he asked me if I would accompany him, and meet him at eight o'clock opposite Petty's Hotel and he would dress as a woman I waited until a quarter past eight and he did not come. I went to the house, and there saw Bertrand. I asked him for some not ey, as a pretext not to let those in the house know what I had come for. I went out, and met him, nearly opposite Cohen's Hotel, about twenty minutes afterwards We went down Lower George- street, and . inquired at several places. At last I succeeded in getting a pistol at Levey's, in Lower George-street. Whilst I was in the shop Bertrand came in and examined the pistols I he being then dressed as a woman. He expressed his approval of them, and paid for them with money he gave me. He has shaved off a moustache he were previously Next morning he told me to go and get sheep's head, and I got one from Sharp's, the butcher's, in Hunter- street. He said b wanted it to practise with, and told me ne to have it cut in two. I took it up to Be: trend's workshop. He then made some be less. I saw him make a model of one in wa to fit the pistol, and then pour plaster of paris upon it. In the mould he poured load. fl loaded the pistol, and fired several times is the sheep's head. After firing about four times Mrs. Palmer and Mrs. Bertrand came into the shop, and Mrs. Palmer asked him what he was doing. He in mediately ordered them both out, and shut the door. He said he wished to know which part of the skull the bullet would enter into the soonest and he pointed to the side of the temple, between the eye and the ear, as the best place. Nothing more occurred until Monday morning this being on the Saturday. On the Monday he told met burn the skull in the furnace, and I did so The next thing I heard was that Mr. Klude had shot himself. He came in between eleven and twelve on the morning of the day who I heard of Kinder shooting himself ; a wee previously he had shown me a pistol he said he intended to givotoKinder- not one of them produced, but one of a better make. On the evening he told me that Kinder had shot himself that he had ground with him to have a drink, and that before going back to the house he had shown him a pistol, telling him that it was perfectly empty, although at the same time it was loaded. That he (Bertram placed a cap upon the nipple and told Kinder to go into the room and frighten the ladies by pretending to shoot him self. That he did so, and of course shot himself Bertrand said they were two or three hours looking for doctors, and that none e the in thought the wound was inflicted by bullet. The day previous to Kinder's death Bertrand took out of his pocket a Brno bottle containing a white liquid, without a label. This was in the workshop. The liquid was like water. He took it out of his trouser pocket, saying it was poison, which he: tended to give to Kinder that he had often before given him poison, and that it was never taken effect. He said Kinder stuck out to the last that he did not shoot him self. He also said Kinder would have no one with him but himself (Bertrand). On the morning of the conversation about Kind having shot himself, Bertrand said one of the ladies had picked up a bullet on the floor, at which he showed me. It was Hut. He merely laughed, and put it in his pocket. In the surgery I have seen Mrs. Kinder with h arms round Bertrand 's neck. I was not at two there at that time, but happened to be got in quickly. Think Bertrand said he apply some poison to the wound, and that it was all Either the third or the last time to wait over to the North Shore it was on Friday night he said Kinder might be killed to night, and as Jackson was leaving the color next day, suspicion would fall upon hit Since Kinder's depth, I have had no coat eadon with Jackson. Tuesday, Dec. C. Alfred Burne, cross-examined a twenty years of age. I did not give at evidence at the inquest on the body Kinder. I have been at the Dutccth office since the inquest. I went there, be in danger of my life if Bertrand got liberty. I took three letters to Mrs. Kinder Two I received from Mr. Bertrand, and o from Mrs. Bertrand. There was to secrecy. I cannot say when Mrs. Kinder fit visitedJ3oitrand's establishment, but it was before the month of August last. I took notice of it it did not interest me. I and amateur theatrical, and used to do t juvenile business at the Victoria Theatre before it closed. I guessed they had like g for each other, and that the iii latter was for an appointment. It was about a week after t is lit he told me M Kinder had taken a violent fancy to hit but the day previous to giving me the letter he said Mrs. Kinder was a remarkably fl woman, at the same time working. Bertrand told me Kinder had insulted him. and if that reason he was going to knock his head out, and I believe the same night he said I had dragged him in fact, I understand him to say that he had drugged in every night he went over there even the first ; he said he had dragged the I have broken confidence now. It was I cause I was afraid of being implicated in the death of Kinder. Previous to getting in difficulties he stated his intention to put r out of the way; and his sister, Mrs. Kerr, at Mr. Defines, told me that I had better go evidence. I road about a page of the day before the detectives came-the first page whilst Bertrand was in good. I receive the keys from, Mrs Bertrand when a Bertrand went to gaol. My reason i opening the diary was to see if the was anything in it against Mr. B front. He has some years previously dress himself in the character of a Woman. I did so about three years back as a joke, once remonstrated with him about talks of knocking Kinder's brains out. I said, he would it benefit you because Mrs. Kinder ci be no more' to you than she is already Chlorodyne of zinc and means are used the business of a dentist for killing the merv of decayed teeth before stopping them. Police-Sergeant Harris was called to get evidence as to what was stated by Bertram at the Court of Quarter Sessions on t prosecution of Jackson relative to the seed! of a letter by Bertrand to Mrs. Kinder,-b all that he recollected of what were stated be the contests, was that she was asked come over us he was very ill, and wanted it to wait upon him. Joseph My car-, carrying on business we Levy and Co., Lower George-street, deposed that about eight o'clock on the evening Thursday 28th September, a young man, we a-person-apparently a young woman, the latter remaining at the door came to the shop to get some pistols. He Identified the witness Burne. The person dressed as a woman only came inside the shop door. This was after the application of the young man who bought the pistol for the money which he got from the person outside. The young man said they were purchasing them for amateur theatrical performances. They were 10. 6d, and I think he gave me a £6 note. When the pistols were paid for I did not see them go away together. One of the two produced (that with the secret trigger) was one of those sold on that occasion. They were sold as damaged pistols. The trigger of this one will not cock, and in one of those I sold, the trigger was a perfect store. I did not see any whiskers on the person dressed as a woman. In my experience of these articles, such a pistol as this could not shoot a man, but it might have shot a man, and afterwards have become disordered. John Sharp, butcher, carrying on business in Hunter-street, deposed Within the last three months I sold a sheep's head to a young man very much like the witness Burne. I asked him if he would have it chopped and skinned, and he said " No." He wanted It for an experiment, and took it away with him. Mary Palmer deposed and Mrs. Bor- land's mother. I remember being in Ber- Brand's house with my daughter one day upstairs, and hearing what appeared to be the report of pistols. They were successive re ports. I heard two reports, and in about ten minutes afterwards I came down stairs from the next floor to Bertrand's workshop, and he asked if. I saw a sheep's head on a side table, and observed smoke in the room. I observed to Bertrand, " Goodness, Henry, what a smoke in the room." He ordered me out, and I left the house. On one occasion, and I believe before I heard of Kinder's death, I had a conversation with Bertrand in the front room of his house, when my daughter. Mrs. Bertrand, was present, when Bertrand said to me, " Mother, I am going to get a divorce." I said, Henry, what! a di- vorcement, and been married but two years, and have two dear children ?" He said, " Oh, never mind, I would not allow my own mother to speak like that to me I would knock her down." That was all I said, and the conversation ended there. Mrs. Bertrand did not say anything My daughter and Bertrand apparently were living on rather to the contrary of happy terms. They have been married three years next April, I think it is for about eight or nine months that they have been living unhappily ; but neither Bertrand nor my daughter ever mentioned to me the cause. ] always found her sober, steady, and industrious and having a great regard for her children She made no complaints against him. He was very good and kind to my daughter for two years. He was not a man of strange! habits and manners. Within the last nine months he has been very different to me during which time I have noticed an alteration in his manners and habits. Within the last nine months, he appeared very strange to my daughter, and, not liking to see it, I kept away. By Strange, I mean in kind. George Buckley, boat proprietor, Darling Harbour, Had no recollection of Burn hiring a boat, though he might have hired one without his knowledge Wednesday, Dec. G. Charles Lett deposed was present at the Court of Quarter Sessions when a man named Jackson was prosecuted for sending a threatening letter to Bertrand. In the cross examination of Bertrand by Jackson, in reference to a letter sent by Bertrand t Mrs. Kinder, at the North Shore, the witness Bertrand mentioned that he or closed a ring in the letter, and of Judge Dowling asking if it was usual for gentlemen In addressing ladies to send rings he replied that he did not know that, but he was generally in the habit of sending ring or something when he wrote to Mrs. Kinder He Paid when he wanted her for a particular purpose he enclosed his ring, He said he was ill at the time, and wanted her to come, as she did come to nurse him, as he would no take his medicines from his wife, and preferred to take them from Mrs. Kinder. H said he had been in the habit of lending JackSon small sums of money. I think h and the last Sum he lent him was £2. I also remember Mrs. Kinder being examined. She was called by Jackson. He simply asked if I believe, whether Mr. Kinder was of a jealous disposition, and she said Yes." He asked her if he was jealous of Bertrand among others, and she said, "Yes, he was jealous i everybody." He asked her if there was an grounds for the jealousy, and she said, " Ü cidedly not." Charles Edward Ranclaud am a der in the City Bank, and slightly acquainted with Bertrand. I went out with Bertrand and his assistant Burne. This was a little after twelve. I asked him where he was going and he stated that he was going out fishing I asked him what he was going to do with a hatchet he had with him. It was what is called a tomahawk. I believe what he said in reply was to the effect that he had had a quarter with, or had been insulted by some one, an that he intended to knock a hole in the bottom of the boat. Alexander Bellhouse am employed a the Telegraph department, and have know Bertrand three or four years, but not three or four weeks ago I had not see him for two yours. I then met him on board the Manly Beach steamer and he invited me to his house, went there the following evening, r roaming there two or three hours. He into duced me to his wife and sister, Mrs. Ker and we played at cards. When I was got away he said he wanted to tell me something and walked out of the house with in He then volunteered a statement about the death of Kinder. He said he went in the garb of a woman, and purchased a paste That he shaved off his moustache entered He said he was sorry for Kinder, but I wanted him out of the way. He saw he was going to get a divorce from his win in less than twelve months. He said he was powerful mesmerist, and had great now over people that way. That he had great influence over his wife, and could do what I liked with her. He said his wife knew about his attachment for Mrs. Kinder that She w ii j fond of him and would do anything 1 wish ed. I think he said he put the pistols I Kinder's way, but I would not swear to He did not say anything particular as to h influence over Mrs. Kinder. He went on to a call about eleven o'clock, and I suppose I was with him for an hour. We separate about two o'clock that morning. Bertram volt steered the statement without any into duction or any question on my part. H statement was so singular that I could n skip much that night for thinking of it. H al riet Ki re- I am a married woman, at figures to Bertrand, the prisoner. I arrive from Melbourne about six weeks ago and went to live at his house in Wy yard-square. Shortly after I arrived 1 Fpike of Mrs. Kinder, and said I wished to make her his wife-that 1 wanted a divorce from his present wife. I said he was very much in love with th pi seen, Mrs. Kinder. I said I was very mm surprised, rib in his letters to me he said I was living happily with his wife. I armed with him, and said that after being made for three years, he should think of better things, I only had one conversation with him on the subject of the divorce. About week afterwards, or five or six days, early the morning, just before breakfast and before leaving my bed I coin, Bertrand came in my room whilst I was washing the ban He said Stay a minute, I have something say to you." He told me to sit down on the side of the bed, and asked me if I had set about the death of Kinder. I said I ha He paused a little, and then said, " Kind did not shoot himself." He said, " I shot him I replied, " You must be mad to say such thing " he said, "No, I am not made to you I did shoot him," I said, "But he cruel of you to do so," and I put up my hand 'omyJûce. He pulled them down again. Iw creep, and he said, "Don't Cry j I don't get what I have done." He said Kind was in his way. He said he would doll ian e thing to any man who stood in his war He warned me not to tell his wife what I had told me. He said he was jealous < Kinder, and that he loved Mrs. Kinder vc: dearly. When he said he shot him, he so he put the pistol in his hand, and a pipe : his mouth, and that afterwards he threw the pistol that be shot him with into the harbour. He did not say to me that I put a card into Kinder's hand before I shot him. I was told so, but not by Mr Bertrand. When I remonstrated with him he said, " You need not be be hard upon me Kinder was going to shoot me, and he bought a gun to do so." He did not say from whom he had heard that. He said that was well planned, and if it ever came before the public, they would not believe it. I said, "We planned it He said that mo than himself planned it. We did not me in Mrs. Kinder's name in that convention. About three weeks afterwards, I be at other conversation with him in the din room. His wife was present, but she was asleep on the sofa. She used to sleep a great deal. I thought it was not natural sometimes It was more like stupor. He then entered into conversation about the divorce from his wife. He used to beat his wife most brutally. This I observed whilst staying' in the house. Speaking of the divorce, I told him how wrong his conduct was. His treatment of his wife was everything that was bad, wicked, and cruel. He attempted her life two or three times whilst I was in the house. He said he must marry Mrs. Kinder. He said, " I don't want to kill Jane," meaning his wife?, "but if I can- not get a divorce I shall get up an adultery case with some respectable married woman, and then Jane can sue me for a divorce." I asked him why he did not give up his thought of marrying that woman. He said he could not give her up. I said, " She must be a bad woman, to be cognizant of the death of her husband ; she could not make you a good wife." " I said she must be a bad woman. He answered, .. Yes I know she is a bad woman." he said that was why he must marry her because she was a wicked woman. He said he would make a second Lucretia of her. He then paused, and, leaning over me whispered, '. Kinder did not die by the shot, we poisoned him." He said she (pointing to his wife on the sofa) gave him the poison. He said the poison would never be discovered, and that he bad enough poison in the house to kill half the people in Sydney. He said it was very likely that before I went to Brisbane should Eee his wife's funeral. Several times he has spoken about Kinder, about seeing his ghost, and when he saw the colour of liquors on the table, referred to it as blood. At one time he said he loved Mrs. Kinder dearly, and at other times said she knew every wicked deed that could be committed, and that she was a devil's imp. He also said she was a clever woman. One night he attempted to murder his wife, about a month ago I was in- the house at the time. He had been out, and came home at about one o'clock in the morning. He would never allow Mrs. Bertrand a will of her own in the house. She was very frightened of him Speaking of Eomo subject-I cannot remember what Bertrand and his wife were talking, and she dared to argue with him, when he got up in a very excited state, and said her time had come that she must die. He took up a stick with a slit at the end, called a life preserver, and said he wanted to measure the exact spot where her brain was, so that he could kill her will one blow. She said, " Don't kill me ; you promised me on your word of honour that you would not kill me." He then raised the stick to strike, and I interfered, pleaded that for his mother's, for the children's sake for all their sakes, he would forbear. to rob me not to look at him, or speak to him and said, " Go out of the room, c I will brain you." I went out of the room with fear and trembling, my tonga cleaving to the roof of my mouth, tried to call out, but could not. I thought it would murder her. After I left the room, h shut the door. I managed to crawl to the top of the kitchen stairs. I was so faint could not walk then I called for Bridge the servant, and when she came up I saw Bridget, there is something dreadful had pening in the parlour." Whilst I was speak ing to her the handle of the door was turned and I got up to the first landing of the stairs. Whilst sitting there, I heard them saying something. My brother said, "Not I Jane, I want you to go into the surgery ; " an she asked what for. He said, " I want you to write on this piece of paper that you a tired of your life and that you poisoned yourself by your own hand. She said, "N I shall not write it." He said, "I will mail you." She said, " You may pour the poise down my throat, but I will not write an; thing." Before the conversation began a brother had poured me out a little weak brandy and water, and whilst I was of the stairs I heard him say to Jan "Drink that meaning the brandy or water that he had poured out for in He said, "Drink it up." She drank i Mrs. Bertrand then came out, and wet refer to our room for the night. Mrs. Bertha and I slept together. She slept with me the whole time I was there, except one nigr There was then astianger,alady visitor, in the house. Mrs. Bertrand, when she got into the room, sat down on a chair quite exhausted and, to my astonishment, fell fast asleep, thought it was strange she should fall asle so soon after so exciting a scene. It was about ten minutes after drinking the brain and water; on two other occasion he attempted her life. After the first to vexation with my brother relative to t death of Kinder, Mrs. Bertrand asked i why I was looking so pale what was a matter with me. I said I had heard the something by Henry that I could scarcely believe to be (true. She said, " What did he is to you ?" I said he told me that he shot It Kinder. Inskedher, "Is that true?" She at " Yes." This was in the diningroom on the afternoon of the same day that my broth told me he had shot Kinder. She so You know Henry and Mrs. Kinder a I are constantly visiting at the Nor Shore, and that, on one particular moving, Henry said, You must go over the North Shore.'" She said Henry h often threatened to kill Mr. Kinder, reference to shooting him. she one day, the parlour, warned Mrs. Kinder about this that Bertrand was going, or had threaten to kill him". Mrs. Kinder said, " Tell h yourself." Mrs. Bertrand said, "No ; if it v my husband that was to be shot I should t him myself, and think I had a right to it." The reply was something to the effect. She said that Henry was in 1< with Mrs. Kinder, and that she (JJ Bertrand) and her husband were to be voiced in consequence of this. She said we were living a comfortless life together, a were quite reconciled to the fact of a divot she being tired of the ill-treatment she I been receiving. She then told me that, one particular morning, Bertrand told i she was to go over to the North Shore, a take the baby and Sophy (the nursegirl). I did not wish to go that morning, because was raining, and the baby would get He said she must go, and they did She said she noticed that when I trand came to the house (Kinder's) seemed more serious than he had been some time, and seemed kinder to Mr. Kind Mr. Bertrand was walking up and down 1 room very fast, and she noticed that he k his gloves on, and one hand in his pool She said, I think, shortly after, Bertrand c Kinder were talking about the business affc of Kinder, speaking of New Zealand, a reading letters from New Zealand. She first said that Mrs. Kinder and herself were star ingatthewindow, looking out, when they hear the report of a pistol, and on turning round saw Mr. Kinder fitting in a chair an pistol drop from his hand, and saw Bertrc place a pipe in Kinder's mouth, taking pipe from the table. Mrs. Kinder ran out the room. Bertrand followed her with loaded pistol, put it to her head, and sale she did not go into the room he would be her brains out. Mrs. Kinder came into room. Bertrand then took hold of his Bertrand's arm, and made her of Mr. Kinder. She told me the fire was then flowing from the wound, of that Bertrand's fingers nearly met in fit eh, and he pinched her arm so hard to the marks were left for three weeks aft wards. He said, " Now, look at him look him well" making her look. " I wish always to see him before you." She said to after Kinder was shot they made her (a! Bertrand) nurse and attend upon him. I said she was doing all she could for the s man, to remedy the evil her husband b done. Mrs. Kinder and Bertrand dur nearly the whole time were acting in improper manner, such as walking up a down the verandah with their arms around each other's waists. Some time after the six as fired she was looking round the rose and said she eaweomethiog lying against a walnEcot, and found it to be a bullet, fi tened. She said Mr. Bertrand ran to me a took it from me. and put it in his waist pocket, saying, This is just what I was see She said she had been attending upon ! Kinder two or three days, when he washing ing. She said that Mr. Bertrand had deed that he could not let Kinder live- that must he poisoned. She said Kinder seen better- not so delirious, and more sens!! That Mrs. Kinder went up to him and st "Why were you so cruel as to shoot you Eflf?" He said, "I did not shoot myee She said subsequently that Mr. Bertram afterwards forced her to mix the poison, i that Mrs. Kinder gave it to him. That i all that she said to me that I recollect. I s I must leave the house after what had told me. She begged of me to do so, and said if I left house she would be murdered, as would think the had advised me to go I tell of these things ; and so I remained, should have left on other occasions, but brother would not allow me to go. He i he would not be such a fool. When I I came there I noticed some strange marks Mrs. Bertrand 's back whilst she was dressed They had all the appearance of burns scalds, and speaking of them she said, " you see these marks ? ' I said " Yes." She s "Well, he thrashed me with her (Mrs. Kinder's) whip, and took pieces of flesh out ;" and she said this was because she had said something about letting the murder out. On her back and shoulders there were marks as if the flesh had been torn off, and she also had a black eye. She told me afterwards, in Mrs. Kinder's presence, that he had stabbed her (Mrs. Bertrand) with a penknife, which penetrated to the depth of the blade and she showed me a pair of stays that were saturated with blood. Since she made the confession about the ill treatment, she said that Bertrand had told her to be very kind to Mr. Bellhouse, and to allow him to kiss her if necessity. This he told her at night, after Bellhouse had left. I wished her very much to go to some magistrate and confeRS what she had told me. I said, "If you do not, you will bear the blame, and very likely this woman who deserves it would get clear, whilst you might be changed." She said, "No, I would never be hanged, I would poison myself." She refused to go to a magistrate. Two or three times I have said I would go and would bring the police to the house. She would not allow me to go, and said that if I told it to any one they would think me mad. Indeed, I believe that Bertrand had told De Fries that I was mad ; I told it to Defries, and after that went to Captain M'Lerie about the case. I often thought my brother was mad, from the way he went on. Mrs. Bertrand, on one occasion, stated that Mrs. Kinder was staying in the house before I came from Melbourne. She did not say how long she was staying there, but she said that whenever Mrs. Kinder was there, Bertrand always ill-treated her " (Mrs. Bertrand that when Mrs. Kinder was away he never attempted her life. Shealsoaaid that Bertrand had forced her (Mrs. Bertrand) to sleep in the same room with Mrs. Kinder and himself. He took Mrs. Kinder into Mrs. Bertrand's bed, and lay down with them both. She said that Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder had been frequently alone in bed. One day when we were alone after dinner, Mrs. Kinder was kneeling down tying the dress of a little boy, when she said, " You see me in very disadvantageous circumstances." I said, "I wonder how you dare to look at me, or address me in my brother's absence." This was all that was said, as some one came into the room at the time. Mrs. Kinder shortly after went away to Bathurst. Cross-examined and my brother were not upon friendly terms at all times when I was residing with him. It is not a fact that he, at some time, whilst I was residing with him, refused to assist me in pecuniary mat- fate. I have never quarrelled with him in consequence of his refusal to purchase articles of wearing! apparel for me. I do not recollect saying to him, "You refuse to purchase things for me, but you spend money on Mrs. Kinder." I did not tell my brother, before I know anything of the death of Kinder, that I had dreamed of his death, or of the way in which it was brought about No allusion of the kind was made. After prisoner told me that he had shot Kinder, I might have related to him that my sister in Melbourne, on reading the report, had said how silly it was to lend pistols to a man who had threatened to shoot himself. Bertrand never told me that he had Ieut Kinder the pistol; the remark arose out of the report in the paper. I said that I often thought my brother was mad from the way in which he went on. I have said to Mr. Defries that I thought my brother must be a lunatic, or he could not have done and said what he had. When my brother mentioned the circumstance first, he said that he had shot him. My brother was calm at the time he said so. He did not say that Kinder died. He merely said that he had shot him. He often stated that people believed that Kinder had died by his own hand. I had not a moment's peace in the house since I heard of the murder. My brother did not appear anxious to get me out of the house, but quite the contrary, and when I wanted to go he always hindered me. He always professed to be very fond of me, and said I was his favourite sister. Although he professed fondness for me, he did not show it by his manner. He was often very eccentric. Even in gaping he would imitate the roar of a tiger, and had done it in the street. He always professed to have an idea that he could mesmerise people. On one occasion, when we were spending the evening at Mr. Defries', Bertrand acted in a very eccentric manner at the night. He put his fingers up to his head to make sense, and he said he was the devil. He said he could call up Kinder's 8 11 ob t in the room. Of course, I did no expect that he could do such a thing but the horror of knowing what I die affected me, and I went into hysterics. '. believe Bertrand was a temperate man. He did not tell me that his wife knew whether it was poison or not. From what he Enid, Mrs Bertrand, I should conclude might be wholly innocent, and not have known what it was she mixed. He did no say that he compelled his wife to mix the poison. I have generally a good recollection ont I have gone through a good deal lately When I spoke to Mrs. Bertrand, and men tired that her husband had pointed to he and said, " She mixed it, Mrs. Bartram got up and stamped on the floor, and said "He's a liar." That was the same morning, or the morning after that Mr. Bertrand had spoken about her mixing the poison I did not know what to believe. I could not understand it. I did not say anything who: Mrs. Bertrand stamped her foot and Bare " He's a Hor." I was astounded, and I do not like to speak to her I did not know who to say, I never heard Mrs. Bertrand speak i unkind terms of Kinder, butqaitetheother war. She always spoke in very kind terms of Kin der. Mrs. BertiandBaid that she turned round when she saw the pistol falling from the hands of Kinder. She might have said the fire fainted afterwards. She repeated thing that occurred shortly after Kinder was she and she therefore could not have been Ion unconscious, supposing she had fainted. Mr Bertrand mentioned to me by way of con plaint, that on one occasion Mrs. Kinder step in the same bed with Bertrand and herself She said that Bertrand made her li in bed that Mrs. Kinder then came in, and that they had improper late course. On another occasion, she said the she would not stay in bed, and that rather than do so, she took a mattress and slept of the floor. At another time, Mrs. Bat tree told me that her husband wished her to g and buy strychnine, and that she refused to go. Mrs. Bertrand said she would not to such a fool. Bertrand often told me that he had a great mind to murder Mrs. Bertrand, an say I had done it. I know that Mrs. Bertrand has been to the Inspector-General's office and given information respecting this matter I never saw Mrs. Bertrand interfere in he husband's business as to the poisons used and as far as I am aware she had no knowledge of poisons. Mrs. Bertrand, as well ( my brother, told me that Kinder was po Boned. She said Henry forced her i mix the poison, and Mrs. Kinder gave it him. She never told me for what purpose it was mixed, and that she knew for what purpose it was intended. Whe If spoke of not being on deadly tem with my brother, I mean to say I differed with him as to the course he took with regard to Mrs. Kinder, and what he wanted me to 2 in the matter. Mary Agnes Robertson was recalled, and examined, after which the further hearing was adjourned. at 