STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH. The memory of the just is blessed, and in every Christian country the duty is recognised of perpetuating the remembrance of the gifted and the good. The Congregationalists of South Aus tralia remember with affectionate regard the first pastor of their Church, the Rev. Thomas Quinton Stow, who for nearly a quarter of a century identi fied himself, not only with the affairs of his own denomination, but with almost every noble and philanthropic institution in the colony; and as an evidence of their appreciation of his sterling worth, they have resolved upon erecting 'The Stow Memorial Church," the foundation-stone of which was laid on Tuesday afternoon, February 7. We do not know with whom the idea originated of raising so noble a monument to the memory of the departed ; but it appears that responses were soon made from numerous quarters, that the invi tation to unity of action in this undertaking was heard even at the antipodes, and hence that in little more than two years the Committee have felt justified in commencing a superstructure which henceforth will be known as 'The Stow Memorial Church.' The following is a description of the building, kindly supplied to us by Mr. R. G. Thomas, the architect:— 'The building will be in the early Gothic style, and will when complete accommodate in the ground floor 850 persons, including all sit tings. Galleries are proposed over the south entrance and over the transepts for the orchestra, increasing the accommodation to 1,150. These, however, excepting the orchestra, are not intended to be constructed at present. The total length of the building will be 142 feet, and the breadth at the nave and aisles 62 feet, and at the transepts 83 feet. A tower and spire will abut against the eastern transept, but on all other sides will rise directly from the ground; the ground storey will form a lobby and entrance to the church. The height when completed will be 170 feet from the pave ment. The foundations of the tower are laid three feet below the surface, upon a bed of concrete formed with Portland cement in place of lime, and the foundations are eight feet wide. The walls of the tower are five feet below, and are continued above four feet in thickness. The principal entrance of the church, fronting Victoria-square, will have a projecting portico, with freestone columns supporting pointed arches and an open parapet, above which will be a large four-light window with geometrical tracery. The two tran septs will have wheel windows in their gables, with similar tracery. The interior of the church will be divided into nave and aisles by columns supporting arches, and a clerestory from which the principal light will be derived. The aisles are very narrow, as they are merely intended to serve as passages, and will only have occasional sittings placed in them. The columns, therefore, will nowhere interrupt the view of the platform. The interior will be lofty, the ceiling, of hexagonal shape, being 43 feet from the floor, and will be plastered. The clerestory will be lighted by eight windows, of three lights each, having geometrical tracery. A platform, enclosed with railings, will be placed opposite the entrance, and over the platform will be the organ gallery and orchestra. There will be three vestries behind the platform, also staircases leading to the pro posed transept galleries and to the organ gallery, the building will be entirely constructed of Glen Osmond stone and Glen Ewin freestone, the front portico and the spire being wholly of freestone. The building will be of the most substantial and durable character, and not devoid of ornament. The contract, which does not include the upper part of the tower and spire, amounts to £7,650. The hour appointed for laying the foundation stone was 3 p.m. The weather was delightfully fine and cool, and there were consequently present at least 700 or 800 spectators. The proceedings were commenced with the singing of a hymn commencing with the verse :— ' O Thou to whom, in ancient time, The lyre of Hebrew bards was strung, Whom kings adored in songs sublime, And prophets praised with glowing tongue.' The Rev. M. H. Hodge then read the following portions of the Sacred Scriptures :— 1st Chron. xxix. 10—15, 1st Cor. iii. 9—17; and the Rev. John Graham offered the dedicatory prayer. Mr. Thomas Graves then read the following list of articles deposited in a bottle, hermetically scaled, to be placed in the cavity of the foundation stone :— The Register and Advertiser newspapers of that day's date ; the Telegraph of the day preceding ; copy of the programme of the day's proceedings; 15th annual report of the South Australian Home Missionary Society ; report of the proceedings of the 15th yearly meeting, and of the 15th half-yearly meeting of the Congregational Union of South Australia; a copy of Mr. Stow's dedicatory dis course on the opening of Freeman-street Chapel, and of his address on laying the foundation-stone ; copy of Mr. Binney's sermon in aid of Stow Me morial Church; and the following statement printed on parchment:— 'This document is placed in the foundation stone of an edifice to be erected for the worship of God, and to be called the Stow Memorial Church, in memory of the late Rev. Thomas Quin ton Stow, the first pastor of the congregation for whose immediate use the building is raised, and the father and founder of the Congregational deno mination of South Australia. 'The stone is laid by Alexander Hay, Esq., on this seventh day of February, 1865, in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly being Governor of the pro vince; the Revs. John Graham of Sydney, M. H. Hodge, G. Stonehouse, C. W. Evan, aud F. W. Cox taking part in the service held on the occasion. 'The erection of this place of worship is under taken by the Church now assembling in Freeman street Chapel, the Rev. C. W. Evan being Pastor, and Henry Giles, Matthew Goode, Carrington Smedley, and Alexander Hay, Deacons. 'The order and discipline of the Church is Con gregational or Independent, as set forth in the Declaration of Faith, Church Order, and Discipline issued by the Congregational Union of England and Wales. ' 'Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost.' 'The Committee under whose supervision the Memorial Church is erected consists of the Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A.; R. D. Hanson, Chief Justice; Thomas Graves, Treasurer; John Brown, Secre tary ; John Davis, Horace Dean, Robert Davenport, William Parkin, Thomas Barlow, William Berry, Samuel Davenport, William Hanson, Henry Giles, Matthew Goode, Carrington Smedley, Clement Sabine, Robert Stuckey, Charles Todd, George White, Alexander Hay. 'Architect, R. G. Thomas. Builders, English and Brown.' Mr. Alexander Hay, having engaged to perform the act of laying the foundation-stone, was pre sented by Mrs. Evan with a silver trowel for that purpose, upon which was engraved the following inscription:— 'Presented to Alexander Hay, Esq., by the ladies of the congregation at Freeman street, on the occasion of laying the foundation stone of the Stow Memorial Church, Adelaide, February 7th, 1865.' Mr. Hay then performed the ceremonial, and addressed the assembly as follows :— Dear Friends —Engaged as we now are in laying the foundation stone of a new building, intended to be used as a place of meeting for the public worship of God, we are not situated as those colonists were who took an active part in laying the foundation-stone and in building Freeman-street Chapel. At that time nearly everything connected with the permanent progress and stability of our colonial institutions was comparatively untried. In the year 1840 pro ductive industry had scarcely made a beginning. Only very few persons were then engaged in pastoral pursuits; farmers had not had time to prove the soil and climate to know if corn could be profitably produced; our rich mines had not then been dis covered; our commerce was but small, as we had little or no produce to export; our manufactories were few; little had been done towards forming educational institutions. Under those circum stances Mr. Stow, and those who acted with him in laying the foundation-stone of Freeman-street Chapel, needed to exercise much faith regarding the success of what was then a great under taking. I thank our Heavenly Father that they did exercise such faith, that they did build our chapel, for thereby they have been the instru ment of doing much good. I am sure you will agree with me that we are altogether in a much more encouraging position now. Since then our progress has been gradual and prosperous. During the last 25 years our squatters have prospered, and our flocks and herds have largely increased; our farmers have proved that there are few countries where corn can be grown to greater perfection and more profitably than this; rich mines have been discovered and profitably worked; our commerce has largely increased; educational institutions have grown up amongst us; we have a number of manufactories and our exports are counted by millions sterling. Looking at these things we have much to encourage us in the work we have begun of building a new and commodious church that will be somewhat in unison with the improved buildings in the city and surrounding country. God has blessed us as a colony and people. Many from their increased means are enlarging and beautifying their dwellings and places of business ; large and sub stantial public buildings are being erected: the House of God ought certainly not to be left behind, but should share in the general improvement. In my opinion, it ought to be one of the best buildings in the city. I am glad, therefore, the people belonging to the original Congregational Church in Adelaide have determined to build this new sanctuary. I trust the blessing of God may rest on those engaged in this work— that many shall yet come to worship here, and thereby be led to see the evils of sin, and to seek righteousness through Jesus Christ our Saviour. Respecting the name by which this place of worship is to be known— the Stow Church— it is a just tribute to the memory of one whose name is universally and justly respected throughout this colony, in all the Australian Colonies, and by those to whom he is known in England. In connecting the name of our late respected pastor with this building we are following the example of other Churches, both in Britain and this colony. In Scotland the Presby terian Church has its Erskine Churches, its Gal lespy Churches; and on North-terrace, Adelaide, we have the Chalmers Church— names that those Churches delight to honour. In giving the name of Stow to this Church we are handing down to posterity the name of one whose labours are worthy to be remembered, and whose example is worthy of imitation. It was well for the Christian Church here that Mr Stow came so early to the colony. He was the instrument in the hand of God in laying the foundation of much that has tended to the prosperity of the cause of Christ in this new country. I had the pleasure of listening to his teaching in the primitive building on North-terrace 26 years ago. I have often listened to his teaching in our present place of worship, and I am satisfied no man was ever more anxious to do his Great Master's work, and to build up the Kingdom of Christ Mr. Stow was an earnest and devoted servant of God. He was ever ready to take an active part in any movement that he believed would forward the in terests of religion or education. For a number of years after his arrival he laboured chiefly amongst the people in and around Adelaide. When the population increased and extended into the country district he took an active part in the formation and working of our Home Missionary Society, with the view of ex tending the preaching of the Gospel to the outer districts of the colony. He was zealous in the cause of the British and Foreign Bible Society. He did not interfere much in politics; but when the politician forgot his mission and sought to meddle with religion Mr. Stow came forward and did good service in retaining to the colony the religious liberty on which it was originally founded. But leaving all his other labours out of sight, and looking at the good he did as a Christian minister, I believe we are fulfilling a duty in asso ciating his name with the church we are now building. I trust many young ministers will follow the example he has set them of devotedness to the cause of their Great Master. I would only add that I hope our present pastor, Mr. Evan, may long enjoy health and strength to labour with great success in the church of which we have just laid the foundation-stone. Another hymn was now sung, after which The Rev. C. W. Evan delivered the following address:— Christian Friends—The present hour is to us a solemn and a joyful one. We are assembled to lay the foundation of a house which we have purposed to build unto the name of the Lord our God, and to invoke His blessing on the work of our hands. Memories of the past and anticipa tions of the future crowd upon our minds. It is now fully a quarter of a century since the first stone of the old sanctuary in Freeman-street was laid. Some who were present on that occasion, having received continued help of God, are here this day; and they will scarcely fail to bring together in their minds the two spectacles, with their material adjuncts and surroundings, and to be impressed and instructed by the contrast. But some, and we imagine no small proportion of those who wit nessed with peculiar interest the proceedings of that day with their revered pastor, who spoke to them words of truth and wisdom, happily pre served to us, have passed into a world where there is no more laying of foundations, nor need of 'temples made with hands.' It is a reason for devout satisfaction and thankfulness that the 25 years which have elapsed since that day have so largely fulfilled the hopes which were then indulged and expressed, not only in relation to the particular Christian work in which our friends and fathers were engaged, but also in relation to the general interests of this province, which, at the time, was only in the third year of its existence. And on the present occasion, which has a commemorative as well as a prospective aspect, most fitting is it that we should devoutly praise the God of Heaven for the blessings which he has poured on this land, for the develop ment of its rich material resources, the growth and extension of its commerce, the progress and the general prosperity of its population, the diffusion of knowledge, the advancement of true religion, the hopeful measure of unity and brotherhood that has marked the Churches of Christ, and the happy immunity we enjoy from religious imposts and restrictions, which in other lands are a source of painful irritation and estrangement. Most fitting is it, too, that we should render unto God hearty thanks for all that was achieved by our sainted friend, whose memory is so closely associated with this service, and by men like-minded with him, who so manfully did their part in laying the foundations of the varied interests of this community. We associate Mr. Stow's name with the edifice which is thus begun, believing the act to be in every way appropriate, in harmony with sacred usage, and pleasing to God. No one acquainted with our principles and practices as a denomination will lay hero-worship to our charge, or impute to us any tendency to the adoration of saints. We worship only the one living God, the saviour of mankind; but we desire, after the example of 'the Churches in Judea,' to glorify God in his servants, and by raising the sacred edifice as a memorial to Mr. Stow, we express our esteem and reverence for his character as that of an eminent servant of Christ, who, in a position peculiarly trying and responsible, firmly and faith fully did his Master's work, and served his genera tion. We acknowledge the obligations under which we are laid to his life and teaching, and we seek to transmit his name to our posterity in this land as a name prominently associated with all that was good and true and sacred in the early history of the colony. With respect to the archi tecture of the Memorial Church, it is intended, in accordance with the progress of events, the better circumstances of our people, and the improved taste of the times to present a goodlier form and more attractive feature than its venerable prede cessor in Freeman-street. In this good land into which God hath brought us— a land abounding with materials of wealth—'a land of wheat and barley, and vines, and fig-trees, and pomegranates —a land of oil-olive, and honey, wherein we eat bread without scarceness, nor lack anything in it'— in this good land where it may be said of us as a people that 'our flocks and herds are multiplied, and our silver and gold are multiplied, and all that we have is multiplied'— surrounded as we are on every hand by signs of social prosperity and grow ing wealth—it were humiliating, indeed, if the House of God stood forth the type of poverty and meanness. It is gratifying to observe the growth of our city and its improved architectural develop ments; and shall we not desire that among its better edifices our sanctuaries may stand forth graceful and comely, as well as be prominent wit nesses for those higher interests and purer enjoy ments which, amid the absorbing pursuits of secularism, all are too prone to forget? We think it no sign of degeneracy in our Congregational churches that in the matter of architecture they should elect to depart from the enforced simplicity and plainness of their Puritan ancestors. All honour to those noble men who, oppressed and impoverished by unrighteous enactments, raised unto God their humble sanctuary in any by-lane or alley where they could find an asylum. Would we had more of their fidelity to conscience and to Christ. We honour them, but we congra tulate ourselves, and thank God, that the perse cuting demon which harassed them has been chained, if not exorcised from the land of our fathers, and devoutly do we trust that its polluted breath may never contaminate the free atmosphere of this land. As Congregationalists we are no longer very poor, and we are unwilling that mean and unsightly sanctuaries should proclaim our poverty of taste, and a more deplorable deficiency in the grace of liberality. There is a growing and, as we believe, a healthy desire that the Christian sanctuary should exhibit in its structure and ar rangements some worthiness of the purpose to which it is consecrated. It is our hope and belief that in the building to be erected here, though no shekinal splendour may glow within its walls, things beautiful and glorious, as well as true, will be presented to the eye of the soul; and is it not meet that the material should be in some sort of harmony with the spiritual— typical, and suggestive of those higher and fairer things, and not painfully incongruous with them? We sympathize in the opinion expressed by one, 'that God may be praised by the spirit of sacrifice and the material beauty and the expressions of thoughts and aims with which our sanctuary buildings may be instinct.' It is not my intention to follow the practice sometimes observed on occasions like the present of giving a statement of our denominational principles. We have our distinctive tenets and usages; but it is more in harmony with our feelings at this moment to confess and to endeavour more fully to realize our unity with all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity than to dwell on those minor matters wherein we differ from them. We rejoice that we may claim sub stantial oneness with all who believe in God the Father, in Jesus Christ the Saviour, and in the Holy Ghost the Comforter. We can point to no creed as the exact embodiment of our theology. That theology may indeed be found for the most part in the three creeds of the ancient Church —the Apostles' Creed, the Nicene and the Anthanasian Creeds, and in the Thirty-nine Articles of the Church of England; but we accept none of these as authoritative. They are interesting to us, but chiefly as expressions of opinion on the part of those who framed them, written indeed for our learning, but not for our law. The Declaration of Faith issued by the English Congregational Union may fairly set forth the things which are commonly believed among us ; but it is not binding on our conscience, for we have not endorsed it with our hands. We acknow ledge as authoritative only the Divine teaching of the Scriptures; but we do not admit that our theology is therefore vague and uncertain. There prevails among us a substantial agreement as to the great verities of Christianity— an agreement, we venture to think, not less real or marked than exists in other Churches which think fit to adhere to certain formularies of faith as au thoritative standards. And it is our confident hope that whoever may be spared to witness the com pletion of this building, and whoever may worship and teach within its walls, prominence will be given to those great central verities to which we owe our history and position as a denomination— that the everlasting Gospel, the Gospel for all times and generations, will be preached here in its Divine ful ness, and that in connection with its ministry and by the power of the Divine Spirit there shall be built up within the material structure a spiritual house, composed of lively stones, and resting on no other foundation than that of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ being the corner-stone. And my earnest prayer is that all who witness and partici pate in the laying of this foundation-stone, and those who shall hereafter assemble in the building, may, through the grace of God, be found resting on the foundation of the Lord, which standeth sure, and be built into that living temple that shall never crumble or decay. Our material sanctuaries, however firmly founded and strongly built, are doomed to fall and perish, and in their perishable ness they are fitting types of our ecclesiastical system. Episcopalianism however venerable, Presbyterianism however strong, Methodism how ever mighty, Congregationalism and kindred forms of polity, whatever their pretensions, are, temporal and perishable things; but the true Church of God, composed of adherents of all these systems, shall live and abide for ever and ever, for it is founded on the Rock of Ages, and the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it. Be it our ambition to be true and worthy members of that glorious Church! But to conclude. As we con template the engagements of this hour in their probable issues, we cannot better express our thoughts and emotions than in the earnest and appropriate words used by Mr. Stow when the old sanctuary was begun :—' Memorable and auspicious hour in which we lay the first stone of an edifice for God, an edifice for the Gospel, an edifice for the Church, an edifice for souls ! Here shall be proclaimed 'the glorious Gospel of the blessed God.' Here the praises and prayers of the Church shall ascend to God. Here God shall fulfil His condescending promise to be with His assembled people and manifest His glory. Here believers shall receive gracious visitations— 'seasons of refreshing from the Lord'— all chimerical and visionary to the worldling, but all reality and substance and glory to those who have seen and tasted and handled the Word of Life. Here the tears of the penitent shall flow—the hard heart shall break and pour forth its deep stream of godly sorrow before the Lord. Here the burthened and agitated conscience shall find peace at the sight of the Cross. Here many an aching, sorrowing spirit shall be made to rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory. Here our families stall resort, and be trained for God and for immortality. Here the youth of our city shall imbibe principles which shall be their guard amongst the vile and hateful corruptions of the world. And here the aged Christian shall bend his heavy steps and his faded eye shall be lighted up with the hopes of that 'temple not made with hands, eternal in the heavens,' which he is so soon to enter. Though we thus speak it is not in the spirit of boasting or self-confidence. We believe in God; we believe also in His Son Jesus Christ; we believe in the Holy Ghost. Hence we expect these things: 'The God of Heaven He will prosper us: therefore we His servants will arise and build.'' A collection was now made, and the proceedings were terminated by the Rev. G. Stonehouse offer ing prayer and the Rev. John Graham pronouncing the benediction. 