ONE OFI THE SERMONS BEFORE' THE BREAKING-OUT OF THE WrAR. IN AAMEI.ICA. The fassaclhusetts Register, publisheid at Braddon,. gives a partial report of a sermon preached a few weeks since at Waterproofs, not far fa r m Braddon. It is to be regretted that the whole sermon was not prcserved. The following para graphs show the spirit of the preacher: "I may saiy to you my bretlieering, that I am not an edecated man, an' I an not one of them as bleeves that edecation is necessary for a gospel minister, fur I bleeve the Lord edecates his preachers jest as hle wants 'm to be edecated, an,' although I say it that oughtn't to say it, yet in the States of Indianny,,whar I live, thar's no man as gite a bigger con gregation nor what I'gits. "lThr may be some here to-day, my breathern, as don't know what pursuasion I am us. 'rWall, I may say to you, my breethrring, that Iamn a Hardshell Bap tist. 'llar's some folks as don't like the Hards) ell Baptists, but I'd rather have a hard shell as'no'shell at all. You see me here to-day, my breoothring, drest up in Bioe oldse you mout think I was proud, but I am not proud,' my breethring, and although I have been a preacher uv the Goscel for twenty years, an' although I'm eapting of that flat boat that lies at yure landing, I'm not Troud, my breothren. "I am not gwsne to tell you ed:uckly whar my text may be found; suffice it to say, it's in the leds of the Bible, and you'll find it somewhar between the first chapter of the Book of Generation and the last chapter of the book of Ilevolu tfdns, and of you'll go and sarch the Scriptures as I have sarched the Scrip tures, you'll not only find smy tex thar, but a great many other teres as will do you good to read, an' my tex, when you shill find it to read thus .-' an' he played on a harp of a thousand strings-sperets of just men made perfek.' "Mfy tex, breethring, lends me to speak of sperits. Now, thar's a great many kinds of sperits in the world-in the first place, thar s the sperits, as some folks call ghosts, then thar s the sperits uv turpen time, and then thar's the sperits as some folks calls liquor, and I've got as good an artikel of them kind uv sperits on my flat boat, as ever was fetched down the Mis sissippi Ihiver, but thar's a great many other kinds of sperits, for the tox says: 'Hoe played on a harp of a thousand strings-sperets of just men made perfek.' " But I'll tell you the kind of sperits as is meant in the tex-its fire, This is the kind of sperits as ment in the tel, my brethering. Now, thar's a great many kinds of fire in the world. In the fust place; the common sort of fire you lito .a segar or pipe with, and then thar's cam fire, fire before you'r reddy and fall back, and many other kinds of fire, for the tex ses:-' He played on a harp ofa thousand strings-sperits of just men made perfek.' "But I'll toll you the kind uv fire as is ment-in the tex, my bretheritg-it's Lell fire, and that's the kind ur fire as a great many uv you'll comea to of you do'nt do better nor what you've doin,' for-' He played onsthie harp uv a thousand strings -sperits of just men; made perfek.' "Now the different sort of fire in the world may be likened unto the different persuasions of Christmas. in the world. In the fust place we have the Pisecapalians; and they are, a high-sailin' and a high falutin set, ard they be likened unto a turkey-buzzard that fies up into air, and he goes up and fill he looks no bigger than your finger nail, and the fust thing you know, lie cums down, and down, and 'He played a harp with a thousand strings--sperits of just men, madeperfek.' "And then thar's the Methedis, and they may- be likened unto the squirrel running up into a'tree, for the Moethedis bleeves in gywne on from one degree of grace to another, and finally on to perfekshinm. and the squirrel goes up and up, and hlie jumps from li' .to lim,' and branch to branch, and the first thing you knowhefalls and downlhecums,kerfiumux, and that's like the Methidis, for is allers failin' from grace, ah I And-' He played a hirp uv a, thousand strings-sperits of just men, made perfek.' And then, iiy breethering, thar's the Baptist, all they have likened him unto a possum on a' simion tree, and the thun. ders" may roll, and then the earth may quake, but that possum sticks thar still, all! And you may shako one foot and the other's thar; and yeou may shake all feet loose, and lie laps his tail round the limb and lie clings for ever, for-' Hoe played on a harp uv a thousand strings -sperits ofjust men made perfek." Here the reporter could no longer con tain himself, and. his notes became per fectly unintelligible. 