filNQTJBT Tff THE EM.G. ''?? ? ' G. DtJIFY, | 'Hie friends and admirers i of the. Hon. Charlks ?Gavan Duffy entertained him on Tuesday even Ing, June 27th, at a public banquet in the Anti ent Concert Rooms, Dublin, as a token of respept ? *on his return to his native country after an absence of several years. Covers were laid for 150 gentlemen. On Mr. Duffy s arrival he was , loudly cheered. ' ; ?Alderman Dillon presided/ ! To the right of the Chairman Sat. the guest bf :the evening, the Hon. C. G. Duffy, Isaac Butt, Esq., Q.C., M.P,; Alderman M.'Swiney, John ?J. McCarthy, M.R.I. A. ; John Francis Maguire, M.&., Dungarvan; John George MacOarthy, Cork.;; -and on the left were seated George -Henry Moore, Esq., late M.P., for Mayo county ; ?John Brady, Esq., M.P. for Leitrim county; ; John D'Arcy, Esq., T.C. ; A. M. Sullivan, Esq., T.C. ; and Henry Sheridan Esq. Dinner having concluded. The Chairman, who was received with ap plause, rose and said — Looking over this room, I 'think I am /justified in saying that there has rarely assembled in this city a meeting which inoi^ truly represents the intelligence and patriotism of the country. (Cheers). I shall be -believed when I say that the object which has o'alled iis together this evening is one that com mands my unqualified sympathy. (Hear, hear, ,r and* cheers). I now proceed to my duties, the . -, ;first of which is to read letters from those who ifwere unable to attend this evening. Mr. Dillon i^then read letters of apology from his Grace the ;.;; Archbishop of Tuam, and the Most Reverend ;;.I)rs. Leahy, Cantwell, Fuziong, and Dorrian. si Letters were also read from Denis shine Lalor, .J.R'j. Tristram Kennedy, M.P. ; Rev. Wm. : Shanahan, Dr. M 'Knight, &c.; 1 . The Chairman said the first toast on his list . was one that required no preface. He simply ,'i announced the toast of 'her Majesty the Queen' ; .(cheers and some expressions of dissent), i, ;; The toast having been drunk, :';,' The Chairman said the next toast was one :; which he was sure would touch the deepest ? ; affections of the company. It was one that he .*? lamented his incapacity to do justice to. For ?iunately for him, there is a person present to . .'Tespond to the toast, whose voice would be re \- membered as familiar by many in that assembly ? ,;He;(the Chairman) had only to express his regret :' that that voice was not heard more frequently amongst them in. these days (hear, hear) — and he ':?*? thought that those who remembered it would ..'justify the discription he would take the 7-f- liberty of giving it, that it was amongst the most :: eloquent of living voices. (Hear, hear, and M cheers). The toast was 'Our Native Land' , ; (cheers), and it. would be responded to by Mr. ? George Henry Moore. (Renewed cheers). ?,-... The toast was drunk with enthusiasm. .'. ..??: Mr. Moore, on rising, was greeted with great. . .-enthussiasm. . He said — Mr. Chairman, Mr. ; -Duffy, and gentlemen, the occasion which has % brought me here the meet you, the cordial wel '?; come with which you have greeted me, might ' -inspire with confidence a less sanguine disposition -fi than mine. Wide as maybe the scope of the . subject on which I may be requested to speak, i I could scarcely be expected to address my friend ? oGavan Duffy upon the public interests of Ireland, \- without referring very fully and franldy to the .state in which he left his native land, in his dispair, and the condition in which ~he finds it on his return. (Applause). Now, i that is a subject which it is impossible to think *' of without pain, and difficult to speak of with rout distaste and reluctance. There is a class of ;i rhetoricians amongst us whose prescriptive ' custom it has always been to speak of their 'country and their countrymen as gifted by God \- with every physical,, moral, and intellectual t attribute that ever advanced a nation or dignified V a people; and these platitudes, which have \- ? -been ventilated through the country as if they 1 : were national axioms, are not only very foolish. -Ubut mischievous in the extreme (hear) ; as their : ?obvious tendency, and, indeed, their practical j effect, has been to generate among the people a ; -low and vicious standard of popular virtue and 'national duty. They are constantly told that '?? . the whole past history of Ireland has been one ( 'long, unflinching, undying struggle against ? superior force ; and the moral that they draw 'from this historical myth, is that, all national ? ?'. means of resistance having been exhausted, they ; ? have no longer any resource but in abject sub ?' mission. Whereas, in point of fact, the Irish ' .. people, for more than a century, have never : 'made any struggle, worth the name, against any ??? of the wrongs to which they have been sub jected. (Hear, hear.) No other people in the ; world with equal powers of resistance would 'have borne such wrongs as the Irish people \- '?- have borne with equal submission ; and, what ever redress they have, in course of time, ? -obtained, they owe more to the tact and wisdom of their masters than to ? any great efforts of their own national strength. In illustration of this, in proof of this, I . need go no further than the life and acts of Charles Gavan Duffy. In the course of his life — I mean of- his Irish life — he appealed in succession —and, in each instance, jwith energy and genius of the first order — ?''to every element of national strength and na tional virtue by which the liberties and rights of Ireland might be achieved. In the first instance — in hia effort to obtain for Ireland the restora tion of her native parliament — he displayed a variety of powers and resources rarely united in ?tthe same individual. He threw into the agita tion all his own energy into the minds of others. He combined, he united — he roused and he raised fche mind of the country. The work that he did was only equalled by the modesty, that kept the .hands of the workmen out of sight. (Hear, ' ihear.) The appreciation that his merits and ..-services received at the time is not the least im ?;. portant part of the story. His fate was the fate ..?of every Irishman of geniu3 and of principle in his own country. Still, amidst the wreck of the popular cause at that time, he did not despair. If the independence of Ireland could not be ob tained by moral force and agitation, he believed that among the struggling population of the couh try there was valour enough, patriotism enough, and misery enough, to justify an appeal to the ultima ratio of nations. (Hear and applause). In this he was deceived, and he encountered the fate of many brave and sanguine men before him, who have stretched out their arms to an indignant nation, and found a phantom in their embrace. (Hear, hear, and applause). Still his hope for his countrymen was not exhausted. (Hear, hear). If the independence of Ireland was not to be secured either by peaceable agitation or by physical force, it might still be possible, he thought, that, by the formation of an honest and united party in the Imperial Parliament, and by a wise use of the exigencies of English parlia mentary faction, many of the rights of the peo ple might be established. (Hear, hear.) I am not here to argue whether the project was a wise or an expedient one. If I have not already said enough upon this subject, I have said far too much, and I have no desire to add another word. Be that as it may, the proposition was accepted with acclamation by the people of Ireland, it was ratified by the clergy and bishops of Ireland, who were then regarded, and with justice re garded, as the long-tried friends and defenders of the people. (Applause.) On the eve of a general election a solemn contract was entered into between the people on the one part, and these, the trusted guardians of their lives and liberties, on the other— a contract by which the people pledged themselves to brave the will of those whose will was to many of them home and fireside, and country and life itself ; the clergy and the hierarchy on the other hand pledging themselves before the great God, who will one day judge alike the peasant and the prelate, that they would watch oyer, guard, and sustain the cause in support of which they called upon the people to make such sacrifices. The people per formed their part of the contract, and sent to parliament a body of representatives, capable of sustaining any cause against any adversaries in any assembly in the world; (Applause.) Of the representatives thus elected who broke faith with their constituents, I do not care now to speak — first, because their defection has been covered and their responsibility assumed by the trustees of the people they betrayed ; and, se condly, because the cause was not lost or even imperilled by their desertion, had their guilt been punished as it ought, and the cause been other wise sustained as it should have been. After their defection there still remained at the head of the people's cause two able men, of whose leadership any people in the world might have been proud, and whom.any other people in the world would have followed with a just and unwavering confidence. One of those is now our honoured guest this-evening. The other sits in a. higher place ; and, I trust, still prays for ;he people to whom he devoted5 his giant intel lect, and for whom he died a blessed martyr. (Hear; hear, and great applause. ) I will not trust to my feelings or my temper to pursue this subject to its close. On what account, in what view, with what purpose, it was deliberately resolved to trample out the hopes, of the people, in a cause so pure, in objects so legitimate, in a course of action so moderate and unimpeachable, I am to this day unable to imagine. I must be satisfied to ascribe it to those inscrutable powers and instincts of mischief, which, in the intel lectual as well as in the animal world, nature appears to have entrusted to the lowest organisa tions. It is enough to say that Charles Gavan Duffy again encountered the fate of a prophet and an Irishman in his own country, and found himself hustled out of public life without respect or scruple — by a form of procedure which I feel assured could not have been carried out in any country on earth but our own. (Hear, hear. ) Our friend had, however, one more great service to perform to his country, greater than any he had yet disehai'ged. By his career in Australia he has proved to the people of Ireland that iitelligence and integrity and energy, courage and conduct, are the qualities by which great men govern and wise men desire, to be governed in every country that aspires to take a place among the nations of the world ; and that if the Irish people, on the other hand, in spite of warning and experience, persist in placing their trust in the lowest of political adventurers, they must consent to remain the lowest of all nations. Charle3 Gavan Duify by leaving Ireland, became what Ireland would never have made him (hear, hear) ; and he has come back to find Ireland exactly as he left her ; and as a country thus misguided must ahvays be. (Hear). In 1855, our friend informs us that the popular cause was dead — ' dead as the corpse upon the dissecting table.' But the resurrection men have been at work, the spirit-rappers have been doing wonders in their trade, for he has come back to Ireland to find ,the dead body he left upon the surgeon's table, not dissected but galvanised— to find the ghost of Independent Opposition summoned from the grave by very unexpected mediums, to preside, as if that were its natural function, over the mysteries of another general election. The vitality .which the body appears to have assumed can only be accounted for by the urgent necessity of the case. The old popular cause of Ireland is no more ; but there is in the history of races and of nations a natural order of succession, in which life arises, not from the resurrection of the past, but out of the very death of that which has gone before it. Out of that natural succession life may again rise for Ireland. (Applause. ) It may be far to seek — it may be long to wait for—it may never have life within the lifetime of those whose life, like mine, has passed the meridian. But, though we may never see the harvest, we may begin with a good heart to tear up the weed and scutch-grass — we may even help to sow the seed that other hands, with the blessing of God, may gather into barns. Throughout vast tracts of this island there lie buried the trunks of great trees that were once an Irish forest. But, if you want what is now marsh to be a forest once more, .it will not suffice, nay, it will not do at all, to stick up the dead trunks in the bogs, and expect them to take root again. (Applause.) On the con trary you must dig up the old stumps and turn them to other Uses ; ,you must drain and reclaim the marsh before it will grow wood again: And thus, turning from the wreck of the past to tihe work of the future, let us see if a fair survey; of the past history and present condition of Ireland may not give us some clue to our own duties towards our native land. And first let us take a glance at the present condition of the country in which we were borne— the happiness and honour of which ought to be as dear to us as our own lives. And what is it that meets our eyes ? A nation sunk down the lowest of any under heaven ; a land in which manhood has no path, toil no harvest, genius no career, honesty and honour no appreciation— in which, out of the sweat of their faces men d« not eat bread; and out of the labours of. the brain in telligence wins no estimation — a land in which a long war between property and labour is drawing to a conclusion, by the proprietor becoming an absentee, and the labourer an exile — a land to which 'hope never comes that comes to all' — unless it be that, hope that is sought by reckless men in the last refuge, of despair. This is , our native land. This is the country in which we were born ? is this the nation we would bequeath to our children ? It is easy to say — it is no less easy to prove— that this state of national ruin is the work of foreign misgovernment. The ac count between us and the government of Eng land has not yet been closed ; nor the balance settled on either side (hear, hear, and applause). But how stands the account between Ireland, and the Irish people ? It is a hard saying—but not altogether destitute of truth — that every nation is as well governed as it deserves ; and if we look to the moral of Irish history with as logical a regard to our own shortcomings as to the excesses of those who misgovern us, I fear we must admit that there is no extent of misgovernment that exceeds the extent of our undeserving (hear, hear,). We are not responsible for the irrational and cruel selfishness, the perversity and short sightedness, of the English Government ; but we are responsible to our native land for having so long submitted to this cruelty and folly— not only submitted to it but condoned it ; not only condoned it, but connived, at it ; not only con nived at it, but betrayed the wronged to the wronger. (Hear, hear.) Throughout our his tory, every English spoiler has had an Irish traitor to aid him ; for every English oppressor, there have been ten Irish sycophants to abet him ; for every English intriguer and enslaver, there have been a thousand Irish slaves, only too willing to be bought and sold. For this our fathers are responsible to- us ; for this we are responsible to our children ; for this the Irish people are responsible to the nations of the world. And, if we really seek to serve our native land, and to redress its grievances we must cleanse ourselves of this moral leprosy, with which all our public proceedings have be come infected.. (Hear, hear.) Instead of found ing associations to grind rogues honest, we must utterly outlaw and hunt all convicted knaves, and condemn them to political death, with out benefit of clergy. (Applause.) We must refuse to hold parley with double dealing adventurers, political shufflers, and patriotic coshers of every degree. (Hear. ) Up to the present time, these are the men who have alone commanded a benign toleration from all parties and all conditions in this country. Fanatics, missionaries and crotchet-mongers of all shapes and sizes, are as intolerant as you please of each other's vagaries. But 'the self satisfied leer of the genuine political rogue, seems to exercise to same fascination, and to command the same flattering forbearance as when the phrase was first used by the most plausible of political impostors. (Hear). Now, this is the plague spot that you must excise to the very bone, if you look to the redemption of this country. The first thing to be hoped for, ex pected, insisted upon, is honest and faithful service^ mutual consideration, mutual forbear ance, mutual toleration between class and class, creed, and creed, opinion and opinion ; but, in our present social and political condition, there should be no toleration, no parley, no compro mise, no capitulation, no quarter, in dealing with those evil principles and those dishonest men, who, from the earliest days of Irish history down to the present hour, have stood in the way of the rights and the honour of our native land. Mr. Moore resumed his seat amid enthusiastic applause. The Chairman next proposed the toast of ' ' The Hierachy of Ireland,' which was drunk with all the honours. The Rev. Robert Mullen, P.P., responded. The Chairman, in an eloquent and graceful speech, proposed, amidst cheers, 'The health of the guest of the evening, Charles Gavan Duffy.' The toast was enthusiastically received and honoured. The Hon. Charles Gaven Duffy then rose amidst loud applause and said — I am rejoiced to stand once more on an Irish platform, surrounded by old friend and comrades, and in face of an Irish audience. In the ten years since we parted it has been a source of secret pleasure to me to reflect that, whatever small success I personally attained went to strengthen our common cause. It went, I fancied, towards proving that we were not visionary or impracticable in our aims, but that they were such as might have worked to a successful issue if we only had had as fair a field for the experiment in Ireland as there exists in Australia. (Cheers). All that we asked for the Irish farmer — to possess the fruits oi his own industry in peace — has been more than attained in Australia. All that we asked for the Irish nation — to rule and possess their own country without external interference — has been completely attained in Australia ; and whenever I saw any of these successes won, whether I was a mere spectator or an actor in the struggle, there rose to my mind the exclamation of Patrick Sarsfield.at Landen, ' Would to God that this were for Ireland!' (Cheers.) Standing in this place it is hard to repress the memories of the past ; of the twenty years in which I have had some share in Irish affairs, and of the generoua friends with whom I had the happiness of being associated — friends such I never met any more in the world. But I shall not be drawn into that theme ; your presence here is evidence that you have judged favourably, on the whole, of my past life ; and though it has been marked, like most , men's, with ; abundant errors and omissions, I will be well content if those, who are best acquainted with it are of opinion that, in choosing my side in Irish affairs, I still chose that which I believed to be the right side, whether the sun shone or the storm fell on it; and that I never preferred any selfish interest of my o^n to the interest of the Irish people. (Cheers.) It is still more. difficult for me to stand in this place and not to speak of the condition in which I find the country, returning to it after so many years' absence. But, if I speak of Ireland,. I must speak my' own convictions, nakedly, whether they are likely to find favour or the reverse. In whatever I may speak I have no temptation, I think, to mislead the people. I am not a candidate for a seat in parliament, or for any other mark of power or distinction which the Irish people can confer. I have never sought or accepted anything from their hands, to the value of a postage stamp, except the opportunity of serving them according to my humble capacity, and 1 never shall. And I positively declare that I would rather have continued to work as a volunteer in their service than enjoy the highest distinction that any other country under the sky could bestow if they had only ?been true to themselves. (Cheers). I am addressing an Irish audience perhaps for the last time. I shall take the liberty, therefore, o£ talking with the frankness of an old friend who has won the right of speaking his mind. Now, in what condition do I find Ireland? In what condition does a stranger who comes from a dis tant country, and desires to judge for himself without prejudice or exaggeration, find it ? I leap over details and take the broad facts. On the far side of the British Channel he sees England more prosperous than ever she was since the island existed ; her peo ple more content than they were within the me mory of history, with resources that appear boundless, and which seem to expand in propor tion to every demand on them. In Ireland, under the same sky, and under the same govern ment, he finds a universal depression, a nearly universal discontent, and the bulk of the indus trious population pouring itself recklessly into the bosom of a foreign country. I am averse to exaggeration as one of the worst vices of our race. If it was ever a sin of mine, I trust I am sobered by years and by political responsibility ; but I affirm that for any people to endure this calamity as it is endured in Ireland is shameful and criminal. (Cheers.) Why is it endured? Is there any law of nature by which the people of Ireland, of all people on the face of the earth, are alone to be exterminated out of their own country ? If there is no such law, in the name of the benign Ruler of the universe, why should we endure it ? I may be told that it is endured because remedy is hopeless, because all efforts to amend our condition have been made in vain. I deny that all remedy is hopeless. I deny that all efforts have been made in vain ; and I affirm that the Irish people are in their present disas trous condition, mainly because they have never persisted in any adequate effort to be relieved of it. Oppressed countries do not obtain relief by simply wishing for it, they must work for it ; some by maintaining sanguinary wars, some by arousing and directing public opinion, some by long, slow, persistent, active or passive resist ance to misgovernment, but all by sacrifices and exertions. So Ireland won Emancipation in a contest never relaxed for forty years. Look at what is being done in other countries of Europe at this moment. In Hungary, after her over throw in '48,. the idea of armed resistance to Austria seems to have been abandoned as hope less, but the irrepressible desire of the people to possess the free institutions which their fathers enjoyed, led them to use every means that remained to them, and year after year, without flagging, they have renewed their demands ; and now it is said their wishes will be complied with, and the free_ con stitution of Hungary revived. In Prussia the whole power of the state is wielded by a despotic king to overcome the popular branch of the legislature; but the people of Prussia are not to be cowed or disheartened, and after three dissolutions they have three times re elected their faithful representatives. In France, under the hoof of a despotism which might well kill hope, wherever the smallest opening presents itself, a local election, a par liamentary opposition of a dozen or a score against hundreds, an election in the institute, they seize the opportunity to re-assert their opinions. (Cheers.) This is the road to . success. History has broadly marked upon it the truth that persistence like this in a, just cause is crowned with victory. But it is said, we have only parliamentary action to rely upon, and that it has always failed, and ought to be relinquished. Idle talk. We must do what all these' nations I have cited do; use the means within our power and make the most ot them. (Cheers.) We must accept our position and act in it as best we can. As regards par liamentary action, I assert that the Irish people have§ never given it the shadow of a chance. For thirteen years I have had daily experience of what parliamentary government is, what it- can do, and what it cannot do. I know how broken Ireland is by famine and emigration, and yet I declare my solemn conviction, i declare on my honour as a man and on my iaitfl as a Christian, that with the means still at their disposal, if the people of Ireland, or a reasonable majority of them, were resolutely determined to put an end to the system under which the popu lation is perishing, they could do so. (Cheers, j , The power of a small number of men in parlia ment who are prepared to abondon all desire 'of personal advantages from their position, 'and who only demand what is just, is im mense. Less than twenty honest and capable ' men carried through the House of Com : mons in one session a measure of protect tion for the tenantry so extensive as no one ' seems any longer to hope for — a measure which Sharman Crawford, with the best intentions, had been submitting to parliament for twenty years in vain. And here is an opportunity at hand to do much more than this if Are will. When 13,000 miles away, I read the last census of Ireland, and the tragical emigration returns, and knew that a general election was at hand, I confess I anticipated a very different scene from any I find here just now. After an interval of acquiescence, long enough to regain courage, long enough to show that there is nothing to be got by submission but contempt- — (cheers) — I thought the country would have braced itself for another great effort ; that the whole remain ing strength of the nation would be evoked; that our countrymen in England and Scotland would have been awakened to aid you by ex ercising the franchise in favour of friends in Ire land ; that our countrymen in America and in Australia would have been asked to aid you with funds to carry on this contest ; that the same policy which induced the Tenant League to proffer a seat in parliament without expense to John Stuart Mill as the most distinguished .exponent of its opinions, would have guided the selection of candidates ; that the same policy, which induced Meath, Wexford, and New Ross to return their members without the personal expenditure of a guinea, would again be adopted (cheers) ; and above all, that the real question at issue here, the existance of the population, would be put on a footing commen surate with its importance. I do not believe i that a compensation for future improvements will stop the flight of the people ; and I do be lieve that it is easier to get a radical cure for that desperate evil than some temporary placebo [Nobody will trouble himself much for any mea sure the effect of which is doubtful, but a mea sure calculated to retain and protect the people, would I believe, evoke all the remaining strength (Cheers). What ought such a remedy to be ? One as specific and searching, I think, as the establishment of the Landed Estates Court by Peel to root out the bankrupt proprietors. A genuine statesman who had to deal with Ireland would feel I think, that the government does not discharge the duties for which government exists, when it leaves the mass of the people no option but to live in misery, or fly to a foreign country. (Cheers). The most conservative of statesmen might well declare as the principle of his administration that if the landlords of Ireland cannot maintain their privileges except at the price of destroying the population, they cannot be per mitted to enjoy them on such terms. A man like Sir Robert Peel, whose aims in the latter part of his life at least, were lofty and generous, would, I believe, have risen to the height of such an occasion. He would have planned a social revolution of the sort that has occurred either by the will of statesmen and guidance of statesmen or by the rude force of the masses in every country in Europe to curtail and regulate, or to. blot put and abolish the remnant of the feudal system, (Cheers). I can well conceive him framing a system by which the Irish land lords would receive aa rent for the future only a reasonably fixed proportion of the produce of the farm ; and to satisfy the most scrupulous theory of the rights of property he might accompany such a law with a provision for buying out land lords who objected, and placing the farmers in direct communication with the state as their only landlords for the future. Has any one the Bmallest doubt that if it were necessary to do this in order to save the English people, it would be done ? Is there any one here does not know that the possession of landed property in Prussia, Austria, France, Russia, and Belgium has been regulated by much more sweeping changes ? But, if we are to expect anything from parlia ment, we' must set to work in a, different spirit from any which prevails, as far as I can perceive, at present. If the Irish popular seats are to be bartered for money or money's worth, it is in vain to talk of an Irish party. The primary idea in respect to a candidate at present seems to be, now much can be got out of him in bonuses and subscriptions. You may rely upon it, as a general rule, that you will not get both profuse subscriptions and honest votes from the same man. Those who are cempelled to, buy their seats will think they are well en titled to sell them. And again, one of the most difficult tasks in the world being given -*o Irish members, to influence a hostile legislature, any one is thought good enough for \ t-he ,task. Xt does not seem to be remembered that, to in crease their stock of votes is not enough unless you can also increase stock of brains. The suc cess ;of a parliamentary campaign as much as a military' one depends; upon the skill of leaders ; andj if Providence again; sends to Ireland parlia mentary leaders like Frederick Lucas and George ?Henry Moore,: I may say, without bitterness, that1 X trust; we will know better how to treat them. : (Cheers). : I did not intend to utter one word of i controversy to- night ; but I cannot remain alto gether silent in respect to the opinions expressed: Jay.the ;two friends near i me (Messrs. Dillon and* Moore). -There. is , substantial truth in all Mr. Moore has said regarding- the past ; but still I; -believe that if we maintain an Irish vendetta, ? .that knows - no , truce, : we will go down to. our - -graves without seeing, any thing accomplished for, ,»he;Irish people. ;(Hear,'hear. ) When I heardthat, ;«fohn Dillon— in whose capacity and judgment I ;have.,a deep trust, and whose integrity I. know to'. ;be beyond all controversy— took up the people's' : cause again, I was rejoiced to hear it; and Ij ; confess, if I. were living in Ireland, that this is: the course I would feel oound to pursue. But I; Would consider it indispensable to the Buceess of; . ouch a* movement ' that the patriot priests whoi xBuetained the Tenant League should appear in; ; its front ranks, and that it should recal to public! f- ?'_???.?-'.??.?; ,?'?????.. . .: ? '?. ?'?;. - : ?}^'\ - -;' -? life the representatives, like Moore and Swift, who had proved beyond all temptation, as their1 colleague, Tristram Kennedy has been recalled. (Loud cheers). But I am well aware that there: are serious impediments to reanimating public opinion. One reason, no doubt, is, that some men have got into their head the idea that the; flight of the people is not an unmixed evil, as' when the population is low enough wages will rise, and the prosperity of the industrious classes be secured without any changes in the law. But! they forget that the increase of population will; soon begin again, and, in a generation or two Ireland will rear a new race of paupers, for pauperism is the eternal condition of a people who are tenants-at-will on the soil. (Cheers). Others console themselves with the idea that the Irish people, if they are lost to their native land, are at least missionaries of religion and nationality over the world. Now, I have seen these unconscious missionaries, and, trust me, ; the best place for an Irishman, and. especially' for an Irishwoman, is the country in which they were born. _ (Cheers). I have seen them, under the best circumstances in which they can be '?? placed, with perfect political and religious li berty, and I would far prefer to see them here if you can preserve a shelter for them fit for human beings to live in. The only safe home for the Irish race is Ireland. But the most for midable impediment of all is the want of union. (Hear and cheers. ) Nothing has struck me with more pain and astonishment than the bitterness with which feuds are cherished in Ireland. I have been away the one-seventh of a lifetime, and nobody seems to have forgiven anybody else in the interval. Perhaps I may have been as much to blame as any one in this respect while I was here, but coming back like a stranger it strikes me with painful astonishment. And one thing I will say, that in Australia, when a fel low- countryman came to ask my aid, I never withheld it on account of his political opinions in Ireland, whatever complexion they may have been — old Ireland or young — orange or green. (Cheers. ) I have lived last in a country which seems to me to set an example worthy of imita tion in many respects to us here. There is wide and well-grounded discontent in. Ireland, and it vents itself, as far as I can conceive, only in threats and reproaches, while in ail- important and substantial questions the wishes and interests of the country are permitted to be systematically set at nought. In Australia they do exactly the reverse. Their sympathy with the mother country is so strong that they pour out their wealth like water when England, Ireland or Scotland requires it. In sentiment the mass of the community, made up chiefly of Englishmen and Scotchmen, are actually more British than the British them selves. But, nevertheless, when any Austra lian interest is concerned, they insist upon it as resolutely as if they were dealing with foreigners and enemies. Let me cite to you a couple of in stances. The imperial government established a system of conditional pardon in some of their convict settlements by which the convicts were permitted to go wherever they pleased, provided they did not return to Great Britain or Ii eland. The colony of Victoria objected to this system, and represented to the home government that the practical effect of the arrangement would be that these conditionally-pardoned convicts in all the southern hemisphere would flock to their gold fields. The home government would not condescend to alter its mind, whereupon the colonial legislature immediately passed an act empowering the colonial government to put these interesting visitors out of harm's way in gaol (hear). There is a power reserved to disallow all colonial acts during twelve months after their passing, and the Secretary of the Colonies in the English Cabinet of that day pronounced the act a most audacious interference with the Royal prerogative, and promptly disallowed it. Now, what do you think this genuinely loyal and British community did ? They said, you shall not, under the pretence of prerogative, or under any pretence whatever, pollute our home with the scoundrels you are afraid to admit among yourselves ; and they immediately re enacted the law which had been disallowed. (Cheers). And it is worth knowing as a lesson in political tactique that that act remains the law without interference from that day to this. But you may say it was easy for them to do this with a parliament for their mouthpiece. I will mention another case in which the people acted for themselves. Last year the convict question arose again in a new phase. A committee of the House of Commons, directed to report upon the beBt mode of disposing of the criminals accumu lating in; England, recommended that they should be sent in increasing numbers to Western Australia— a barren territory occupied by a few hundred persons, and living on the European side of the Australian continent. The wealthy and powerful colonies of Australia remonstra- I ted. t (Cheers). ; They showed that nearly all the grave offences committed on that continent for a dozen years had been committed by ex cbrivicts, many of them escaped from 'Western Australia; and they demanded that not only should this project of increasing the number be given up, b.ut.tn&t; the convict; establishment on that last tainted spot on Australian soil should ? be abandoned. ' (Cheers). The imperial govern ment consented to give up the meditated increase, : but insisted on still sending the ordinary supply of 500 convicts a year. The colonial parliament was urged to return the convicts on the hands of the mother country ; but, though some; of the most influential and some of the most conserya- ' tiv.e statearnen,, approved of the plan, a majority decided against it. Thereupon a number of the* citizens; of Melbourne, with a gentleman-, of wealth, character, and influence at i their' head, Mr. Edward Wilson, who has. de scribed himself as the most loyal of' the! Queen'8; subjects, subscribed a fund to; send1 convicts v from; Australia back to1 England, and . commenced .'.dispatching every favourable speci men .'of : thej class they could lay hands upon. You will not be surprised to learn that the home government, have now annpnnced their intention of abandoning the entire ayatem, , (Cheers). I wish Ireland would take the moral of the story to heart, that those who are determined to insist up their rights get them. I exhort her from this place to lift up her head again, and not to despair. Wherever there are Irishmen, they &rt; willing and eager to aid you. The Ireland that is in America asserts itself ; the feeble Ireland that is in Australia asserts itself ; the fragment of the Irish race in foreign countries in some degree asserts itself. Why does our mother country only languish and despair at home ; if they were the last word I ever uttered to an Irish audience, I would say do not dispose of Ireland, and do not acquiesce in injustice and mis government. (Loud cheering amidst which Mr. Duffy resumed his seat). The Chairman then proposed the toast of the ' Members of the House of Commons.' The toast having been duly honoured, Mr. Butt, M.P., who was warmly cheered, said he came there to do honour to Charles Gavan Duffy, whose honesty he knew, and whose devotion to Ireland had been proved. He did not expect to be called on to speak, and not having taken any part in the combinations alluded to that evening, he felt it would be intru sive to speak of their want of success or the causes of their failure. He believed, however, he never gave a vote during his career against the interests of Ireland, and he was prepared at that eleventh hour, to co- operate in any honorable plan to preserve the Irish people on their own soil. The life of the country was being poured out on the expatriation of the people, and the great question was how to staunch the bleeding arteries. He believed security of tenure was indispensable to that self reliance which would elevate the social con dition of the people, through the means of manufactures. They were told that religious dissensions were the chief cause of Ireland's pros trate state ; but in the North where religious rancour prevailed more than in any other quar ter, the people were prosperous — why ? because they had security for their outlay and labour on the land (cheers). Mr. Butt concluded an able and eloquent speech by repeating his desire to co- operate in every way with any effort that should be made to raise Ireland from her present prostrate condition. Mr. Charles Gavan Duffy said he had a toast to propose. There was no man in the country whom he was prouder to see in the chair on that occasion than Alderman Dillon, whose health, without further preface, he begged to propose. (Cheers.) The toast having been drunk, The Chairman thanked the company for the compliment paid him, and said he had no desire save to see the Irish people combined, forgetting the past, learning to look at each other charita bly, and not with that, he took the liberty of calling, morbid feeling of suspicion. (Hear, hear). He would take those with him as far on the road as they would accompany him, and if they chose to depart from it, why, he would go the rest of the way alone. (Hear, hear). The last toast on the list was 'The National Press of Ireland, with which he would associate the name of Mr. Sullivan. . Mr. Sullivan, who was loudly cheered on rising, delivered an eloquent arid appropriate speech. .- The proceedings then terminated. 