MEETING AT GUMERACHA. A meeting, called by requisition to the District Chairman, was held at the District Hotel, Gumeracha, on Wednesday, January is, to consider the propriety of asking the present members to stand for re-election. There were about 30 persons present. Mr. Alexander Fobrest was voted to the chair, and read the advertisement convening the meeting. He also aDolooiaed for a mistake which had onenrrmi In the date. He regretted there was not a larger attendance, as it was an important meeting. It was for them to consider wbo should represent them, and if they had any new candidates to bring forward he should be glad to receive their propositions. Mr. H. Dawson, J.P,, one of the requisitlonists, remarked that they were brought together again in consequence of that frequent ghost— a dead lock— and it was their duty to try to make a peroussion lock this time. They should improve the House, so as to gain a working majority for the Government It would be no use to return all the old members, as the same dead lock would occur again, and therefore it was better for some ot the old members not to present themselves again. He did not complain of their own members, but some course should be adopted to prevent the privileges of free Government being abused. He re marked that the Lower House had passed the new (Road Bill, but it was killed by revenge in the Upper House, be cause the members objected to the course which had been taken on the squatting question. He thought much of the excitement ou this question had been .unnecessary, as the matter had been properly settled by a good head— the pre sent Chief Justice. He thought a fairer bargain had never been made with the squatters with reference to the pastoral lands, but the squatters wanted to break that bargain, and they were, iu fact, like a crow, fattened to pick out the eyes of tbe country. Such trickery had been resorted to to prevent persons other than squatters buying hind, that it waa time for the country to say they would not stand it any longer. (Cheers.) They were now about putting in a new Parliament, and he urged them all not to act upon tbe political creed which the candidate held, but to judge from their past action. He would be doubtful of a man who only made promises, and they should look for men who would stand to their colors. The greatest injury happened in the Upper Hohsc, and the opportunity was placed in their power to prevent any such influence as bad recently been used. Be would not farther trespass on their attention ut present, but would ask them if they concurred in Goyder's valuations to move a motion respecting them. Mr. Alex. Greig said he approved generally of what Mr. Dawson had said, but he thought the meeting was called to consider the propriety of asking their present members to stand for re-election. He thought they should be made acquainted with their members' views ou the squatting question to see whether they agreed with their own. Mr. Dawson thought they should place their views fairly before their candidates to forewarn them. Mr. A. Geeic would then move, ' that this meeting ap proves of Goyder's valuations, aud think they should be upheld.' Mr. H, Dawson seconded with great pleasure, expressing a hope that the valuations would not be upset by any com bination or other power. Mr. J. Tresthail wished to say a few words In support of the motion. He remarked that every elector was now called on to do his duty. What was tbe cause of tbe dissolution, was tbe question of the day, and he would pledge himself, and he hoped they all would, not to countenance any candidates who would not support Goyder 'e valuations. Tne squatters were a powerfal class, and in foot were a strong political association, who met iu secret, and the country should oppose this strong influence by every means. He was sorry the mem bers for the district were not present, as he did not think that ought to have been a preliminary meeting. The squat ters had had the land 14 years, aud he believed from perso nal observations, that the valuations were not excessive, nor was there a better man than Mr. Goyder to value the runs, as he had frequently passed over the runs. He knetv Mr. Blyth's views had been to uphold the valuations, and if he had changed his opinion he wonld change his also and op pose him, but if he upheld the valuations he would stick to him. (Cheers.) They would soon be called on to elect mem bers for the Upper HouBe. He saw one writer in the Regis ter named ' Umpire ' had been writing against Mr. Barrow, and while Mr. Barrow (of the Advertiser) had been very zea lous and deserved the thanks of the country— (cheers) — the other paper, the Register, hardly came up to the mark. He contended that the squatters should not look up the land, but should let other people have access to it. The land belonged to the publio when the leases expired, and if they objected to the valuation let them go to auction. If the squatters were allowed fire yearn more they would bay up all the best land. (Cheers.) He met a squatter the other day and said ' If you give up your run I will take it,' and be replied 'No fear; when we leave them they will not be worth anyone else taking.' (Cheers.) He cordially sup ported the motion, and urged them all not to vote for any man who would not uphold those valuations. The motion was carried unanimously amid oheerB. Mr. H. Dawson thought there was another question upon which they should express their views, viz., free distil lation and free trade. Probably some one would state what the consequence of having free distillation would be, aa It wouid affect a variety of matters. . Mr. A. Greig thought, with respect to the squatting question, that they ought further to come to some conclusion about declaring hundreds, which might be made virtually to set aside the valuations. They should see that their members would pledge themselves to vote against any attempt to swindle them out of their valuations, (nr. Dawson— 'Indirectly.') No, it was directly, and not indi rectly. He moved— 'That this meeting will not support any candidates who will vote for the declaration of hun dreds except as agriculturists require it.' Mr. J. Trestrail did not wish to be prominent, but he would cheerfully second the motion. __^^^^ Mr. C. Heritage moved as an amendment— ' That this meeting pledges itself not to support any candidates whose past conduct has not proved that their interests are identical with agriculturists.' He thought they should not judge men so much by their professions as by their past actions, and having affirmed that they would uphold Goyder's valu ations. They should not support any persons whose views were not identical with agriculturists. They, as an agricul tural district, should be represented by agriculturists, and it was a disgrace to see ao few farmers in the House. He should not have appeared there but for the important crisis which bad now arrived. The amendment which he proposed would properly follow such a motion as they had just passed. Mr. J. Coad seconded the motion. Mr. W. Hicks asked whether such a resolution would interfere with land being put up by auction at six months' notice. He thought that the Government were up to every move on the board, and they had something more to consider than merely Goyder'B valuations. They had been gulled long enough, and should not be now won over by smooth words and corpulent personages. (Laughter, and cheers.) He saw scarcely a man in the House who had sought the general good of the colony. Tbe great scramble had been for otfioe— (hear, hear)— and principle had gone to the bad. Mr. H. Dawson did not think Goyder's valuations bad RoytUtng tQ do with tbe declaration of Hundreds. Mr. A. Grieg, in reply, remarked that from personal experience he thought if he or Mr. Hioks applied for land to be surveyed they would be told that it could not be done yet, but the Government would take their money and hold it for a length of time until a surveyor was passing the neighbourhood in which the land was situated. The squatters had too long been picking out the best parts of the country, and he urged on them not to allow the squatters to do this any longer. With reference to the amendment, he remarked that it was difficult to say whether their members had voted for Goyder's valuations. The present Government bad de clined to embody their policy in the regulations, and the House winced at the idea, thinking that the valuations might be put aside by a future Government. Mr. J.Trestrail remarked that It would be necessary for the Government to declare Hundreds for agricultural purposes, and Mr. Greig's motion approved of this being done. The recent hundreds had been declared for squatting purposes, aud it wa« to prevent this which the motion con? templated. Mr. B. Rush remarked that sufficient opportunity had not been given for everyone to speak on this subject pre vious to Mr. Greig's reply, and the proceedings had been too quickly carried on. Mr, Tbestbail thought sufficient time had been given for the electors to express their views. The amendment and motion were then put. There were 16 hands for the amendment, and 16 for the motion. The Chairman gave his casting rote for the motion. Mr. W. Cornish remarked that it was bad policy to pub lish their views until they heard the members, as they were giving the candidates a capital chance of gulling them be cause they might suit their views to those of the electors, and walk over the course. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman suggested that they should now proceed to the business of the meeting, viz., to consider whether they should ask the present members to stand again. Mr. j. Monfrits thought they should state their riews on other questions. He asked, with respect to free distillation, whether it would be entirely free from all restrictions and official supervision. He did not approve of every one being allowed to make his own grog, as they would thereby have a drunken population. Nothing brought poverty Into the colony more than drink, and he thought spirits should be taxed higher than at present to prevent drunkenness. Mr. B. Rush supported Mr. Cornish's view, as it appeared very much like reading lessons to their members, similar to schoolboys. Mr. Wm. Hicks thought that sentiment was rather cowardly, as they should let theirlmembers know what the country really required. (Hear .hear.) There had been a general outcry for free distillation, and if this was granted, a great many other questions would be affected thereby, and how would they make up the deficiency in the revenue? Mr. J. Tresteail thought they were discussing questions which should be done when their members were before tbem. He moved— 'TUttt oar members be -asked to-meet. tne electors on Thursday next, at 3 o'clock, and give an account of their stewardship, and that any other candi dates be invited to attend.' Mr. J. Diceeb seconded the motion. Mr. B. Busn combated Mr. Hicka's remarks about cowardice, aud thought they should use some discretion in expressing their opinions. » 1fe- £? ?BEI° thougb.tr it was a degrading view to take to think that tbe candidates would cat their views according to the opinions of the electors. He wished that the electors should express their views, but he did not want to more an amendment, as he desired that their members should meet them. He differed from some remarks which had been made about free distillation, as he had experienced the want of it, and should vote for a man who would advocate it, other things being equal. The definition of free distillation was, according to MJvMilne, the permission to every man to boil his own kettle, ^e made some farther remarks upon the great restrictions and obstructions which at present sur rounded distillation. He did not think drunkenness would be promoted Dy rendering it free, aud he quoted as an argu meBt the condition of the people in countries where free dis tillation was allowed. The motion was carried. Mr. S. Pbarce laid on the table a requisition to the Hon. G. F. Angas to stand again for the Dpper House, and wished to know if the electors would like to sign It. Mr. J. Trestrail thought before they pledged themselves for any one for the Upper or Lower House, the candidates Bhould attend central meetings and express their views. The original meeting having concluded, Mr. Forrest va cated the chair, and a vote of thanks was accorded to him. Mr. Dawson was then called on to preside. Mr. J. TRESTaAix. then proposed a vote of thanks to the press, remarking emphatically that the thanks of the country were due to Mr. Barrow, although he had, perhaps, exceeded the bounds of discretion iu theheat of debate. Mr. W. Hicks remarked, that while thanks were due to Mr. Barrow, he thought the colony did not require a dic tator. Mr, A. Greiq did not think Mr. Barrow had assumed the offioe of dictator, bnt had endeavored to lead and not to force. He therefore cordially supported the motion. Mr. C. Heritage was not a partizan to either paper, bnt Mr. Barrow had acted like a watchful dog when there was danger of their property being filched from them. The thanks were accorded amid cheers, and acknowledged by the representatives of the Advertiser and Chronicle and the Register and Observer. Mr. W. Cornish urged the eleotors to express their mutual views on the subject of free distillation. He thought this movement would be a great injury to the colony, and would soon necessitate an expenditure of £20,000 for the erection of a new lunatic asylum, as drnnkennes would in crease Insanity. Mr. J. Tresthail said the present system of distillation was so restrictive as to be almost prohibitory. He did not think free distillation would promote drunkenness, and he referred to France and other countries to show that cheap wine rather decreased that vice. Mr. J. Monfhies thought foreigners must be differently constituted to Britons if no drunkenness existed where dis tillation was free. He remembered that in Scotland, where spirits were cheap, there was a great deal of drunkenness. Mr. B. Rcsh remarked that there was not such a tendency in foreigners to drink spirits as there was among the people of Britain. Mr. W. Hicks said they had not to consider the morality of the question, cut the mode of raising the revenue. The only substitute which could be found to bring up the revenue wonld be a poll-tox, which was very objectionable. The meeting, however broke up about half-past ten o'clock without coming to any decision on the subject. 