THE NEW TARIFF BILL. The following is a copy of the Tariff Bill, which was read a first time in the Legislative Assembly last evening, and is set down for second reading this afternoon : A Bill for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Customs and for altering certain other Duties. Most Gracious Sovereign, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates and duties hereinafter mentioned, and do, therefore, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Legislative Council and the Legislative Assembly of Victoria in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same as follows: 1\. The acts and parts of acts mentioned in the first schedule hereto to the extent to which the same are in and by the said! Schedule expressed to be repealed, shall be and the same are hereby repealed. 2\. In lieu and instead of all other duties of customs heretofore levied, and subject to the exemptions in the second schedule hereto contained, there shall be collected and paid to Her Majesty upon goods, wares, and merchandise imported!, whether by land or sea, into Victoria, and upon gold exported, whether by land or sea, therefrom, the several duties of customs set forth in the table of duties contained in the said second schedule hereto, at the rates and for the quantities therein mentioned and at proportionate rates for any smaller quantity. The said several duties shall be taken to have been in force and - payable on and after the 20th day of January, in the year of Our Lord 1865 and all acts done on or after the day afore- said shall be as valid, and the duties on all goods, wares, and merchandise imported into Victoria on or after such last-mentioned day, shall be paid, collected, and recovered, and payments in respect thereof may be repaid and adjusted, as if this act had been passed and had come into operation on such day. 3\. In all cases where any duty is imposed on any goods imported ad valorem, or according to the true and real value of such goods, such value shall be understood to be the fair market value thereof in the principal markets of the country whence the same were exported, with ten percent, added. 4\. In all cases where a duty is imposed on any goods imported ad valorem, or according to the true and real value of such goods, Each club shall be verified at the time of entry by the production of the genuine invoice and by the declaration of the importer of such goods or his authorised agent in manner and form following (that is to say) : " Port of " I, A. B., do hereby declare that the invoice now produced is the genuine invoice of the goods mentioned in the entry and contained in the packages [here specify the several packages, and describe the several marks and numbers, as the case may be, and that the value of such goods mentioned in the said entry and invoice at tho time of shipment was the fair market value of such goods in the principal markets of the country whence the same were exported. " Witness my hand this day of , one thousand eight hundred and A. B. " The above declaration signed the day of in the presence of " 0. D., Collector, or other proper officer." And such declaration shall be verified by the signature of the Emperor, or of his authorised agent, in the presence of the collector or other proper officer, of the port of importation. 5\. If upon view and examination of such goods, or otherwise, it appears to the proper officer that the said goods are not valued according to the true and real value thereof, as hereinbefore mentioned, then and in each case the proper officer may detain the goods, and shall assess the value thereof, and in case the importer or his agent shall object to pay duty according to the value of such goods so asEeeEcd by the proper officer, or in case the value of such goods is unknown or uncertain, then the value of such goods shall be ascertained according to such rules and regulations as the Governor in Council may from time to time make in that behalf, and the duties shall be paid according to the value so ascertained. 6\. The collector may, if he shall think fit dispense with the production of the genuine invoice aforesaid and in such case, and in all other cases, when he shall think fit, he shall examine any importer or his agent upon oath as to the value of any goods liable to duty according to the value thereof and in case the importer or his agent shall, upon being, summoned, neglect or refuse to attend for examination, or shall refuse to be sworn, o to answer such questions as shall be put to him by the collector, or to produce or account to the satisfaction of the collector for the new production of any such invoice, then, and in: every such case, the value of such goods a assessed by the proper officer shall be deemed to be the true and real value thereof; an f uni importer or agent shall also be liable to pay any penalty provided by any law now' or hereafter in force relating to the Custom in like cases of neglect or refusal to attend, o to be sworn, or to answer questions upon it quiries by the Commissioner or any officer the Customs. 7\. If the importer of such goods, or his agent, shall neglect or refuse to pay the duties imposed thereon, after such examination an OEBCEEment by the proper officer or other person appointed for that purpose under an regulation or order by the Governor in Council and also the costs of such examination and assessment, in the event of the value being greater than declared on the bill i entry, the collector, or other proper office boy and he is hereby required to take no secure such goods with the packages thereof and shall cause the same to be publicly sold within the space of twenty days at the me after such examination, and at such time at place as such officer shall by four or two days'' public notice appoint for that purpose and said goods shall be sold to the higher bidder, and the money arising from the ss thereof shall be applied, in the first place, I payment of the duties due upon Buck good together with the costs and charges the shall have been paid or incurred for or ( account of such examination and salt and, in the second place, towards payment the importer or his agent of the decease value of the said goods as entered, teeth with only freight and charges paid thereon 1 such importer or his agent, not exceed ordinary or current rates and the balance any) shall be paid, the one moiety thereof the collector or other person who shall be detained and scoured the goods, and the other moiety to the account of Customs duty and such last- mentioned moiety shall go and form part of the consolidated revenue Victoria. Provided, nevertheless, that it Commissioner may, if he shall think fit, etc. after payment in the first place of the duty costs, and charges as aforesaid, to pay a balance to the importer of the said goods his agent, lets £10 per centum, which sum deducted shall be paid, the one moiety then to the collector or other officer who shall be detained and secured the goods, another moiety to the account of the Customs duty and such last-mentioned moiety shall go and form part of the consolidated revenue Victoria. 8 If any package entered for ad valor duty is found to contain goods not mention in the entry or invoice, or if any goods I found which do not correspond with the scription thereof in the invoice, and st emission or non- correspondence shall app to the Commissioner to have been made the purpose of avoiding the payment of duty, or any part of the duty, on such good or if it shall appear to the Commissioner t in any invoice or entry any goods have b undervalued with such intent as aforesaid if the oath or declaration made with regard to any such invoice or entry is wilfully or in any particular, then in any of the cr aforesaid all the packages and goods include or pretended to be included, or which on to have been included in such invoice or en shall be forfeited. 9\. The Governor in Council may by or appoint private warehouses for the bond of all goods subject to ad valorem or pack duties, and may determine the fee, or proportion thereof, payable therefor by proprietor of Each private warehouse 10\. When coffee, tea, sugar, rice, or h imported into Victoria before, on, or after 20th day of January, 1865, shall have been or after the said 20th day of January, or to be exported therefrom for drawback, if p be made to the satisfaction of the collects Customs that the full duties due on impo tion had been paid, and that such goods been duly landed at the port for which same had been cleared, a drawback of duty paid thereon shall be allowed ; but goods entered out for drawback on or a the said 20th day of January shall be sent to a greater amount of drawback than the duty imposed on such goods under this act. 11\. Ko drawback shall be allowed upon the exportation of any goods entered for draw- back oz as stores which shall be of less value than the amount of the drawback claimed, or on which the duty shall not amount to £5, and all such goods so entered shall be forfeited. 12\. The commissioner may, subject to regulations to be approved of by the Governor in council, permit the entry of any goods under this act, in such form and manner, and on such conditions, as he may direct, to meet the exigencies of any case to which the provisions of this or any other act relating to the Customs may not be strictly applicable, and may make regulations for the exportation and re- importation of samples of goods. # 13. The commissioner may from time to time make regulation as to the minimum quantity of goods which may be delivered from the warehouse for home consumption or exportation or conveyance coastwise. 14\. This act shall be deemed and taken to have been in force, and to have come into operation, on and from the 20th day of January, 1865, and may be given, and shall be received, in evidence by all courts and judges at all times and in all actions and suits under the general issue, without any notice or plea, and without any memorandum or notice in the margin of any plea or record, anything in the 57th section of the Common Law Procedure Statute, 1865, or in any other act or any rule or practice of any court to the contrary notwithstanding. The provisions of all laws now or hereafter, during the continuance of this act in force, relating to the Customs [shall (Have in so far as the same are inconsistent herewith, or are altered hereby) be deemed and taken to be incorporated with this act, and shall be applied, so far as the rains can be applied, to the collection and management of the duties enumerated in the second schedule hereto. 19\. This act shall be and continue in force until the 20th day of January, 1868,- and no longer. SCHEDULES. First Schedule. 18 Vict., No. 9, "An Act for granting duties of Customs in the colony of Victoria." Ex- tent of repeal, section 2, and table marked A annexed to act. 18 Vict, No. 27, "An Act for granting duties of Customs upon gold exported from Victoria." Extent of repeal the whole. 21 Vict, No. 7, "An Act for granting a duty of Customs on Opium." Extent of repeal the whole. 21 Vict, No. 13, "An Act to consolidate and amend the laws relating to the Customs." Extent of repeal, sections 100 and 101. 21 Vict. No. 16, "An Act to amend the law relating to Gold Coin." Extent of repeal so much as has not been already repealed. 25\. Vict., No. 135, "An Act to amend an Act intituled ' An Act for granting duties of Customs upon gold exported from Victoria, " Extent of repeal the whole. 25 Vict., No. 144, "An Act to amend the laws relating to the Customs." Extent of re- peal, the whole. 25 Vict., No. 155, "An Act to amend an Act for granting a duty of Customs on Opium." Extent of repeal the whole. 27 Vict, No. 109, "An Act to further amend the laws relating to the Customs." Extent of repeal, section 16. Second Schedule, table of import and export duties. Rate of Duty. s. d. Spirits or strong waters of any strength, not exceeding the strength of proof by Sykes's hydrometer, and so in proportion for any greater or less strength than the strength of proof, per gallon 10 0 Spirits, cordials, liquors, or strong waters, sweetened or mixed with any article, so that the degree of strength cannot be ascertained by Sykes's hydrometer (including all alcohol, diluted or undiluted with water or other monstrous, and containing in Solution any essence, essential oil, ether, or other flavouring or other substance, whether of natural or artificial origin)) per gallon ... 100 Spirits, perfumed, per gallon 10 0 Wine, per gallon, in wood .) Do., or for six reputed quart bottles ... x 3 0 Do., or for twelve reputed pint bottles... J Ale, porter, spruce and other beer, cider | 9-and perry, per gallon, in wood... 3 6 3 Do, or for six reputed quart bottles ... j Do., or for twelve reputed pint bottles J Tobacco, manufactured, per lb. ... 2 6 Do., unmanufactured, per lb.. 1 0 Do., sheepwash, per lb. 0 3 Snuff, per lb. 2 6 Cigars, per lb. 5 0 Tea, per lb. 0 3 Sugar and molasses, per cwt.. 3 0 Coffee and chicory, cocoa and chocolate, per lb. 0 2 Opium (including all goods, wares, and merchandize mixed or saturated with opium, or with any preparation or solution thereof, or steeped there- in respectively), per lb. 100 Rice, per cwt. 2 0 Dried and preserved fruits and vegetables, nuts of all kinds (not including cocoa nuts) butter, cheese, candles, bacon, lard, barns, starch, coop, confectionery, biscuits, comfits, Sweetmeats, succades, jams, races- on!, vermicelli, maizena, preserved meats and fish, per lb, or package of that reputed weight 0 1 Hops, per lb. 0 2 Malt, per bushel. 0 to Salt, per ton 20 0 Vinegar, per gallon 0 6 Varnish, per gallon .... ... 2 0 Salted provisions, including fish not of heavies enumerated and not caught four vessels owned in the colony, per cwt.. 6 0 Doors, each .,. ... 1 0 Window sashes, per pair 1 0 Plate of gold, per oz. troy 8 0 Plate of silver, per oz. troy 10 Barley, per bushel. 0 3 Oats, do. 0 3 Millinery, and all articles made up from fabrics of silk, or of silk mixed with other materials, per cubic foot, measuring outside the package, or for any package less than one cubic foot. 5 0 Apparel and slops, and all articles made up wholly or in part from fabrics of wool, cotton, linen or mixed con- tennis (except corn or wool-bags); boots or shoes, hosiery and gloves, bale, caps, and bonnets (untrimmed), saddles, harness and leatherware, per do. do. 4 0 Watches, jewels, and jewellery of all kinds, manufactures of silk, or of mixed materials of which the greater part is Bulk, musical instruments, carriages, glass and glassware, china ware and porcelain, furniture, toys and turnery, woodenware, brush ware and wicker ware, earthenware, oilmen's stone not otherwise enumerated (except oils in bulk, tapioca, sago, arrowroot, spices, pepper, and ginger), woollen blankets and rugs, ad valorem report. Exemptions from iuroBT Duties. All goods, wares, and merchandise not included in the above table of imported articles, gold and silver coin, passengers' baggage, cabin and other furniture or personal effects which have been in use and not imported for sale, carriages used in the conveyance of goods or pnsEcugora across the frontier, all packages in which goods are ordinarily imported, and all minor articled used in the making up of apparel of mixed or under register materials, shall be exempt from duty. Gold, including gold in its natural state, whether mixed with any other substance or not, gold-dust, and all other gold except gold coin, watches, and articles of jewellery and plate, Is. per ounce troy, until 31st December 1865 ; 6d. per ounce troy from and after that date to 31st December, 1866 and from and after the 31st December, 1860, the said duty shall ce ape and determine. Ghostly Music- An absurd story comes from Munich about a ghostly service, held in the Protestant church one night. At about eight o'clock in the evening, people collected about the doors of the closed edifice, attracted by the sound of singing. One enthusiastic auditor distinctly heard hymn?, another could detect the sound of the organ, a third could see through the windows a ghost in shirt sleeves flitting about the nave. The girls d'armes came and broke into the church ; there was nobody there, but the singing continued. The infatuated public hung about until twelve at night; they searched the chance], the vestry, the organ loft, and the gallery, peered underneath the communion- table, peeped into the baptismal font ; but neither populace, soldiers, gens d'armes, nor Natchtriichcr could discover anything. In the morning it was found out that a couple of lusty fellows had been sitting in their room abutting one end of the church, drinking beer and Singing " fiddle Lieder" all night. By Game architectural or acoustical dispensa- tion the sound had penetrated into the church and the Munich public, not being very musical, despite Wagner, took the "field Lieder" for hymns Orchestra. 