THE TRIAL AND CONFESSION OF DR. PEITCHARD. At ten o'clock on Monday morning, 3rd July, the tml of Dr Pritchard, on the chargo of murdering his wife and mother-in-law, in Glasgow, commenced in tlse High Court of Justiciary of Edinburgh, befora the Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Ardmillnn, and Lord Jerviswoode. The court-room was crowded, and many were disappointed in obtaining admission. The indictment charged the prisoner with adminis tering tartarised antimony, aconite, and opium to his mother-in-law, Jane Cowper Taylor, in tapioca, and in porter and beer, and in a medicine called Battley's sedative solution, between the loth and 25th of February, 1865; and ic also charged him with administering on repeated occasious, in February and March, 1865, tartarised antimony and aconite to his wife, Mary Jane Taylor Pritchard, in articles of food and of medicine. The prisoner entered the dock at ten o'clock exactly, dressed in deep mourn ing. He was calm and self-possessed, and looked coolly round the court when he had taken his seat. He is a stout, wcli-built man, prepossessing in ap pearance, and with sharply defined features. He wears his hair long, and has a large bushy beard, but no moustache. Tlie prisoner's brother, Charles Au gustus Pritchard, secretary to the naval commander in-chief, Plymouth, by permission of the court, took his seat beside him in thedock, and remained with him allday. The prosecution was conducted, in the absence of the Lord Advocate in London, by the Solicitor General, assisted by Mr Gilford and Mr Crichton, advocates depute; the defence was conducted by Mr A. It. Clarke, Mr William Watson, and Mr David Brand, advocates. The prisoner's counsel moved the court to separate the two charges of murder, on the ground that it embarrassed the defence to try the two crimes together. The court unanimously refused to grant the request. The prisoner was then called on to plead to the indictment, and in a clear distinct voice he pleaded not guilty; and a jury hav iog been empannelled, the evidenco for the prosecu tion commenced about half-past eleven o'clock. The remainder of the day was occupied by the examina tion of five witnesses, three of whom were merely formal, and occupied only a few minutes. The two important witnesses were Catherine Latimer and Mary M'Leod. Subjoined i3 a summary of the sub sequent proceedings: Catherine Latimer, lately cook m Dr Pritchard a service, deponed to the circumstances and .events of the household up to her leaving it. Mrs Pritchard'a illneBs began in October with frequent sickness. She went to Edinburgh to visit her mother in November, returning at Christmas. Her mother and Miss Pritchard, who lived with her grandmamma in Edin burgh, came with her. MrB Pritchard then appeared to be in very good health. She continued so for about a week, hut after that became ill again. Wit ness was to have left the service on the 2nd, but owing to her mistress's illness she remained till the 16th of February. One night Mrs Pritchard ex claimed, " Oh, Catherine, I have lost my senses. I never was so bad as this before." She was seized with cramp about the 14th of February. She was very ill, and called Mary M'Leod to fetch Dr Gaird ner. Dr Pritchard was in the room when another doctor was sent for; ho was crying, and witness heard deceased say "Don't cry, you hypocrite," or " Don't cry, for if you do you are a hypocrite," and she added that the doctors were all hypocrites to gether. She told Dr Gairdner she had chloroform, but she had never Baid so to witness, Witness con tinued in the Bervice till Mrs Taylor was brought back again from Edinburgh. Mrs Taylor said to witness, " I don't understand her illness. She is one day better and another worse." Mary M'Leod, 11 girl of seventeen, housemaid at Dr Pritcliard's, was between four and five houra I under examination, and gave her evidence with evi dent reluctance. She generally took up Mrs Pritchard's dinner and tea, which she sometimes got from Dr Pritchard as he sat with his family in the dining-room. Mrs Pritchard often said, " I wonder when this sickness is to stop?'' When witness was sent for Dr Gairdner, she heard Mrs Pritchard Bay " Don't cry, if you cry you'ro a hypocrite; it was you that did it." On one occasion Dr Pritchard sent her up with a bit of cheese, which Mrs Prit chard tasted, and asked witness to taste; it felt hot, and made witness thirsty. Witness deponed to the sudden illnesBof Mrs Taylor; she Baid she surely had her daughter's complaint. She died about mid night of the day Bhe was taken ill; she was writing letters in the consulting room at nine o'clock, and was helped up etaira, where she be came Bpeedily ill and died. The prisoner bad used improper familiarities with witness, and Mrs Pritchard had seen him kissing her. Witness became with child to him. He said he would put it all right. She had a miscarriage.-(Interrogated. -Did he do anything to you to produce miscarriage? But the question was objected to, as lorming u separate crime Dot libelled against the prisoner, and disallowed by the court.)-The connection was con tinued up to the time Mrs Pritchard visited Edin burgh, but not after some time before his wife turned ill. He Bpoke of marriage to witness. Hu oaid he would marry her if his wife died before "him. He gave witness a ring the year before last; also a brooch tho same month his wife died. He gave his photograph in the locket, but witness had since torn it out. Cross-examined- Believed prisoner to be in joke when he spoke of marriage. The court adjourned. Tho proceedings were resumed on the following morning. The court-house was densely crowded throughout the day. The prisoner was calm and collected, though looking a little lesa st ease than on the previous day, perhaps from the fatigue of long sitting in the warm court. His brother again sat in tho dock with him all day. The first witness examined waa Mary Paterson, who succeeded Latimer ns cook in Pritchard's service. On the 16th of February, Mrs Pritcbard was ill, and witness never was upstairs to see her till the night of Mrs Taylor's illne63. Heard Mrs Pritcbard exclaimiag, " Mother, won't you speak to me?" and went in and found Mrs Taylor's body getting cold. She died the same night, and witueBS dressed the body, which bad a pinkish streak on the left oide. On the Tuesday before Mrs Pritcliard died witness found a bit of cheese in the pantry, and ate a little bit about tbe Bize of a pea. After eating it Bhe felt a burning sen sation in the throat, and got sick and vomited. Her Bickness continued from morning till night. Nest day the prisoner asked witness to make some egg flip for Mrs Pritchard. The doctor gave her the egg, and while witness was beating it be came once or twice into the pantrv, and dropped in what witness took to be pieces of lump sugar. He said he would add the whiskey when it came up atairB. On pouring in the water, to see if ic was not enough, witness tasted it, and remarked to Mary M'Leod it had a horrible taste. She had tbe samo sensations after it as from tbe cheese, and continued sick till four o'clock next morning. When Mary M'Leod came down to bed she told her tbe mistress waa BO ill that she would not allow the doctor to leave the room. Witness did not Bee Mrs Pritchard till the Friday. She was well at noon, when she saw her drink some thing from a glass, which the doctor took from ber. She became very ill at five, and excited. Bhe was raving about her mother. She asked witness to rub her hand;, and was much cramped. She spoke about her children incoherently. About halt-past one waB called out of bed to make a mustard poultice; and about five minutes after, was called up stairs. The doctor wao in bed with bis wife. She touched Mrs Pritcbard, and found her cold. The doctor proposed to apply the poultice, and to get hot water, saying she was only .aiuting; but witness said nothing could bo done for a dead body. He said, " Come back, come back, my darling Mary Jane; do not leave your dear Edward." And added, "What a brute! what a heathen! So gentle, so mild." He asked witness to shoot him; and in answer to her rebuke how be should stand before a righteous God, said, " True, Pater son, you're the wisest and kindest woman I ever saw." Thomas Connell and Richard King, two students of medicine residing in the house of the prisoner, gave evidence similar to previous witnesses, as to tbe symptoms of the illness of the prisoner's wife and mother-in-law. Dr Gairdner and Dr Paterson Bpoke to the visits they paid to the deceased ladies, and the prescrip tions they gave. They minutely described the symp toms. The former thought Mrs Pritchard was in toxicated, and forbade more stimulants. The latter said he could not banish from his mind that the symp toms betokened antimony, nnd refused to certify Mrs Pritchard'a death, the case being so sudden and mysterious, referring the registrar to Dr Pritcbard. Evidence was called to prove the temperate habits of the two ladies. The court then adjourned. *? At the resumption of the trial at ten in the morn ing, on the next day, after Borae formal evidence had been given as to the articles found in the pri soner's house, John Campbell, manager of the Apothecaries' Company, at Glasgow, gave evidence as to the prisoner having purchased at various dates from November, 1864, to February, 1865, tincture of aconite, tartarised antimony, tartar emetic, and laudanum. On 8th February he purchased 1 oz of tartarised antimony, and 1 oz of tincture of aconite. Un 9th February he purchased another ounce of tho same poison, and on 11th February, 2 oz of tincture of digitalis. Witntss never sold an ounce of tartazised antimony to a medical man before. He had a large dispensing trade, and he was struck with the quantity of antimony sold to the prisoner, and also with the quantity of tincture of aconite. He only sold two ounces of tartarised antimony in a year to the medical profession and the public in Glasgow. He spoke to' selling prisoner Bince No vember last three ounces of Fleming's tincture of aconite, and said that he believed an ounce or two ounces would cover the whole of his other business during twelve months. The prisoner got more chloroform from him than all his other customers put together. He had been a dispensing apothe- I cary for twenty-three years, and in all his experience I he had never furnished so much poison to any other medical man. John Corrie, chemist, Glasgow, Bpoke to selling prisoner, on 18th February last, two ounceB solution of morphia, and one ounce Fleming's tincture of aconite. He also sold prisoner, od 13th March last, halt' an ounce of Fleming's tincture of aconite, and three times in the month of March last quantities of solution of atrophine. l)r Douglas ilaclagan.Dr Littlejohn, and Dr Gan gee, Edinburgh, and Dr i\ Penny, Glasgow, gave evidence as to the result of the mortem examina tions of the bodies of the prisoner's wile and mother in-law, and as to the result of the chemical analyses of the contents of the different organs. Tho substance of their testimony was that there was no morbid appearances in the bodies capable of accounting for death; that Mrs Pritchardhad taken a large quantity in the i'orm of tartar emetic in repeated doses, which had caused her death, and that Mrs Taylor had also taken a considerable quantity of antimony in a suc cession of doses in the form of tartar emetic, which had caused her death. Dr Peuny said he had found aconite in the bottle of Battley'a solution of opium, which was taken out of Mrs Taylor's pocket after her death. lie con cluded from his experiments that thuro was more than 5 per cent., but less than 10 per cent, of acoDite in the bottle. Ho had made experiments with rabbits, and found that the genuine Battley's solution did not kill them, while a mixture of genuine Battley with a small quantity of Fleming's tincture of aconite proved fatal. Dr Maclagan was of opinion that in the case of Mrs Taylor the symptoms described by the witness were such cs aconite would havo produced. If opium, acouite and antimony had been administered at the same time, he would have anticipated the symptons which Mrs Taylor exhibited. Dr LittUjohn was of opinion, after hearing the evidence, that Mrs Pritchard died from repeated doses of antimony administered in small quantities, and that Mrs Taylor might have died from a dose ot antimony administered shortly before her death, or else from some of the sedative narcotic poison. There was nothing to indicate apoplexy as the cause of death. Tartar emetic could be readily beaten with egg flip, and a sufficient dose to keep up illness could be given in a lump of sugar. Dr Paterson of Glasgow, believed, after hearing the evidence, that the death of Mrs Taylor was occasioned by a combination of antimony and opium; he also saia that if the opium which Mrs Taylor took had upwards of 5 per cent of Fleming's tincture of aneonite in it, the effect would have been much more rapid, and much more likely to be fatal. Mr Maebrair, trustee of the late David Cowan of Portsmouth, proved that Mrs Taylor had control of £3000 under Mr Cowan's will, and that Mr3 Taylor had made a will leaving two-thirds of that Bum to Mrs Pri tchard, and in the event of her death to Dr. Pritchard, who was to get the interest till his children should attain the age of twenty-one, and after that age he was to get the money himself. In July, 1864, Mis Taylor had paid £500 to Dr Pritchard. After some formal evidence, two declarations omitted by the prisoner were then read. In the first made on the 2nd of March, he said his wife's last, illness was gastric fever, and that he gave her no medicine at all himself, except wine, champagne and brandy .0 support her strength, in order to procuro her sleep. He Baid he had given her a small quan tity of chloroform, but it entirely disagreed with her and ho discontinued it. He sent tor her mother to nurse her, nud he ascribed his wife's decease to .the agitation consequent on her mother's death. He said he had never given his wife antimony but on one occasion in October last. He applied it externally to her when she had a swelling ot a eland in hnr b.n^k. He gave his wife a little bottle of antimony for the for the purpose of rubbing in behind her ear. He used autimony extensively in his practice, and kept it in a cupboard in his consulting room. In his second declaration, made on the 21st of April, he said that he was in no way accessory to Mrs Taylor's death, that he never administered poison to her, and that he believed she died from paralysis and apoplexy. . . This closed the case for the prosecution, and the court adjourned at half-past five until next morning at ten o'clock, when the evidence for the defence was commenced. The evidence for the defence lasted only an hour and a half. There was no attempt to rebut the medical evidence for the Crown. Two of Dr Pritchard's young children were called to speak of the atTeetionato terms of their parents, and of the attachment between the prisoner and hia mother in-law. The prisoner was much, affected while his children were under examination. Tho Solicitor-General then addressed the jury for prosecution, and Mr Clark addressed the jury for the prisoner. The court then adjourned. The court met again on the following morning, 6th July, at ten o'clock. The public interest in the trial hud greatly increased, and the doors of tho court-room were besieged by hundreds of persons eager to obtain admission to hear the judge's charge to tho jury. The Lord Justice Clerk, after referring to the great atrocity of the crimes laid to the prisoner's charge, and the singular means by which it was ho perpetrated these crimes, said there were three, things of which the jury must be satisfied upon the evidence. In the first place, they must be satisfied that the deceased died by poison; in. the second place that the poison was wilfully administered for the purpose of destroying life; and, in the third place, that it was the prisoner at the bar who so administered it, or caused it so to be administered. Having gone over the medical evidence in regard to the first question, he said the jury would consider whether it was possible to resist these conclusions: first, that Mrs Pritchard died from the action of antimony alone, administered ia large quantities; ami, secondly, that Mis Taylor died from the action of antimony, either alono or in combination with aconite and opium. In the case of Mrs Fritchard the evidence of the poison having having tceu taken continuously for a period of months excluded the possibility of either accident or Buicide; and, therefore, it seemed impos sible to resist the conclusion that the poison must have been administered by aouie one lor tlio purpose of destroying her life. The character and conduct of Mrs Taylor and her general coudition of body and mind were such as nut to suggest the idea of suicide in her case as a poasibiiity at all, and whether aha died through the influence of antimony administered in several doses, as the chemical reports clearly bore out, or whether her death was brought about im mediately through awallotfing some of the contents of the bottle of Battley's solution, it wa3 very diffi cult to understand how her death was caused by accident. The jury would consider whether they could resist the conclusion that the poison by which Mrs Taylor was deprived of life was also wilfully given, lor the very purpose cf destroying life. The third question, which was one of vital interest in the case, was, whether the prisoner administered, or pro cured to be administered, to either or both of the ladies, the poison by which their lives were destroyed. Hia lordship went minutely into the evidence relat ing to the illness and death of the two ladies, direct ing the attention of the jury to the fact, and charac terising it as "a very remarkable circumstance" that throughout, whenever the prisoner had occasion to explain to anybody what he thought was the matter with his wife, he called it gastric fever, when all the symptoms indicated the very reverse of her being under fever. His lordship also pointed out to the jury that the prisoner reported to the registrar that Mrs Taylor had been under paralysis for twelve hours, which he knew was an absolute false hood; and that the disease which imme diately preceded death was apoplexy, while the medical evidence had demonstrated that there was not a trace of apoplexy iu the case. The jury would consider whether, in the case of a professional man like the prisoner, he could under the circumstances, if his wife died under the effects of antirnonial poison, be ao far deceived as to believe that she died of gastric fever. After noticing the evidence as to the poisoned cheese, the egg-flip, and the tapioca, his lordship said it appeared beyond a doubt that some one had been practising a system of poisoning, and that in the possession of the prisoner were the agents to carry it on. If he understood the theory of the prisoner's counsel aright, it was that Alary AI'Leod was the person who caused these murders, and that the jury must choose between her and the prisoner at the bar by balancing probabilities; but the pri soner's counsel did not seem sufficiently to advert to the possibility that both might be implicated, and if that v;as BO they could have very little doubt who was the master and who set ou the other; but he (tha Lcrd Justice Clerk) did not desire the jury to tuko this theory, and he thought it qui;e riglit that they should consider upon the balance of probabilities which of the two was the perpetrator of the crimes. Was it conceivable that a girl, sixteen or seven years of age, in the position of a servant maid, could have herself conceived or executed such a design ? and if she had conceived it, could she have executed it, subject to the vigilance of the husbund of her victim, himself a medical man? That was very hard to be lieve indeed. On the other hand, it the prisoner conceived and executed the design, it was not so difficult to believe that Mary AI'Leod may liavo been the perfectly unconscious aud innocent instrument of currying out his purpose. If they were satisfied the murder was committed, the parties who had access to Mrs Pritchard only could have done it. Some of them were-plainly innocent, and in case of others the probability of guilt was reduced to two; of these two one, or both, of them were guilty of the deed. The jury retired to consider their verdict about twenty minutes past one o'clock, and returned in about an hour with a unanimous verdict of guilty OD both charges. The Lord Justice Clerk then sentenced the pri soner to be executed nt Glasgow on the 28;U July, and in passing sentence said that the verdict ot the jury proceeded upon evidence which could leave no reasonable doubt on the minds of th030 by whom it was considered. The prisoner, who had maintained great compo ; sure throughout the five <laya ot the trial, Beemed greatly eflsuted when the verdict was pronounced, \ and leant sliyhtiy on the policeman sitting besido I him; but while the sentence was being recorded ha | completely regained his composure, and after sen 1 tence was passed upon him he bowed to the judge, I and also to the jury, before learincr thp rWir After Dr Priichard'a conviction he was removed from tho bar of tho Justiciary (Jourt to the cell be low, where ho partook of tea. Immediately on reach ing the cell where the refreshments were set, be s:vid to one of the policemen who had charge of him "I'm innocent of this charge." This was the only remark he made. On going to take his place in the viva he covered bis face with bis hat to prevent the large crowd through which he bad to pass gazing upon bim. On the ensuing night, 7th July, the prisoner Tv-os very restless, like » person in lever. He only slept about na hour. There were three warders, with him all night who engaged in religious exercises, tho prisoner joining willingly with them. He fre quently asserted his innocence to cboso around bim, and said lie had been convicted by mis take. It appears he v/as so confident that tiio verdict would be in his lavor, that on the 6th be stated to those around bim that ho would immediately go south, and afterwards to Italy to join Garibaldi. On Saturday morning, 8th July, Dr Pritchard was rsmoved from the Calton Gaol, Edinburgh, to Glasgow, under the charge of a criminal ofilccr nnd three assistants. Tho prisoner was attired in the black dress luit which he had on daring the trial. Before leaving the gaol ho was shackled to the officers, and he remained fastened in this way throughout tho journey. Ho appeared quite composed, and looked alout bim vritb the utmost coolness. His departure was witnessed by a large number of persons who had assembled on the platform. Tiie following extriets are from Dr Pritchard'a diary:-"17tli Ifebruiry, 1865,-Died here at 1 a.m., Mary Jane, my Dwn beloved wife, e.ged 38 years; no torment sur rounded her bedside, but, like a calm, peaceful biub of God, passed Minnie away. May God and J.sus, Holy Ghost, one in three, welcome Minnie, Payer on prayer till mine bB o'er, everlasting love. !iVO us, Lord, for thy dear Son." 