A Bab Medium.— A man, who pretended I to have seen a ghost, was asked what tho I ghost said to him. ' How should I under- I stand,' replied the narrator, 'what ho said! I am not skilled in any of tho dead lan guages.' A max very much intoxicated was sent to prison. 'Why don't you bail him out V' inquired n bystander. 'Bale him out!' exclaimed the other; 'you couldn't pump him out !' O.vb of the Sandwich Island Judges is named Ii — that's tho way to spell it ; but whether it is pronounced Big I, little I— or Doublo I— or Eye- eye — or My-eyes— who knows ? ?What is Humble Pie?— Mr. C. W. Smith's ' Clerical Elocution' gives tho following explanation on this subject : ? ? 'Humble pie' is an incorrect spelling of I 'umblopio,' a pie, mado of 'umbles,' a H plural noun, meaning n deer's entrails. To B eat ' umble pie' is to eat of the poorest dish, n I.v Denmark it is_ customary, on marriage, H fn mvn t.hn ltrirlr* n nirr n t:l,rwiti n,irl o r*n\i. 19 and to the bridegroom a fowl, a dog, a eat, H and a goose. The future husbnncl and wifo H are expected to show tho qualities' of tlio If animals thoy receive. ' H Booth, the tragedian, had a broken nose. ? A lady once remarked to him, 'I like your ? acting, Mr. Booth ; but to be frank with you, B I can't get over your nose,' 'No wonder, I madam, replied he, 'the bridge is gone.' 9 A WEALTH!- but weak-headed barrister ? once remarked to Curran that ''No ouo H should bo admitted to the bar who. has not m an independent landed proporty.' 'May I « ask, sir,' roplied Curran, 'how many acres H make a wise-acre!' m New Fasiho.n-.— It is proposed to mako H the Opera crush-hats of a more durablo and B cheaper stuff called 'Hep.' If this idea is B ever fully developed, tho fashionable gentry of our highly-civilised nineteenth century will bo walking about tho streets, like snnko charmers, with Hep-tiki on their heads. —Puncli. AViiile walking with a friend, a gentleman occidently stepped upon a lady's trailing dress ; she turned with n frowning look and strong expression of nnger. With his usual urbauityho replied, '1 am sorry, madame, very sorry, indeed ; but really I didn't know that 1 was within a quarter of 'a mile of you.' Cautes »e Visite. — A matrimonial ndver tisement from n gentleman, embodying tlio usual request that applicants should encloso their cartes de visile, attracted the attention of n young lady addicted to ' fun.'. In tho postscript to her letter iu reply to the adver tisoment, she observe! , '1 do not encloso my carte, for although. 1 havo heard of such a thing as putting a cart before a horse, I do not caro to establish tho precedent of putting a carte beforo an ass.' 