THE EDINBDRGHNATIONAliGALLEBr . We had the pleasure of being present at the private view of this gallery yesterday. Great improvements have been made, both in the al strong of the arrangement of the pictures severly in the gallery and by the exhibition several important new acquisitions. Foremost among the latter is Mr. Dyce'a cartoon of "The if Judgment of Solomon, a large and important work. The group of the young King and his jrpWfldiale attendants is very finely composed and painted. The figure of the Oiawnv, Iifilf jIHked executioner, whose back is turned to the spectator, is a fine specimen of anatomical drawing, and the dead child is admirable. The expressions of the rival claimants for the living child are also well rendered ; but the left hand Mid arm of the pretended mother are badly drawn, Altogether, however, the work is a gay one, and a valuable acquisition to the gallery. But what pleased us most were the MgeottDrawinßs," consisting of nearly 50 water - qpjourg by some of the most eminent English masters bequeathed to the trustees of the National Gallery by the late Mr. John Scott, of the well-known firm of Messrs. Colnaghi, Scott, and Co., of London. This series of drawings Apmprjsea water- colours by Danby, Gartmore Of the founders of the English school of water colour painting Collins, David Cox, Roberts, became, Cattermole, P. Downing, J. D Harding, Joseph Nash, Knell, Callow, Fripp, Elmore, And several other distinguished artists ; as well as pencil drawings by Patrick Nasmyth, William, Dyce, Sir Edwin Landseer, and Samuel Prout. Among the most remarkable of these drawings are those by Joshua Cristall, born at Truro. in Cornwall, in 1768. They are distinguished by a fine feeling for colour, a masterly composition, clever drawing and fine aerial perspective. Mr. Ci stall was one of the founders of the original society of printers in water colours, whose first exhibition was opened in April, 1865. There are more than a dozen of histories now in our National Gallery, consisting of mythological and classical subjects, and English and Welsh scenery. These S' Scott Drawings" ought to have much effect in promoting what is so much wanted here namely, a good school of water-colour painting. To be sure we had before the magnificent drawings of Grecian Williams which have now at last been arranged in the entrance-room in a way worthy of her transcendent merit and the fine series of copies of Mr. Lewis from some of the great masterpieces of Continental schools ; but those now drawings afford good specimens of the styles of a number of eminent artists, particularly in landscape and though small, they are remarkably well selected, We cannot close without complimenting Mr. Johnstone the zealous and able curator of the gallery-on "the additional supplement to the catalogue, containing notices of the air tests whose works have lately been acquired. It tells everything of consequence that is to be known about them, and tells it in a clear and pleasant style. It is an invaluable help to the stranger who visits the gallery. Ofl'ristnll and David Roberts, especially, the notices are fall and excellent. Edinburgh Evening Courant. ' THE CHANCES OF WARK-On the evening of Sunday. the 6th of November, Sergeant Marvin, of the 2d New York Cavalry and Corporal Bennett, returning to camp near Cedar Greek, were intercepted and captured by some of ? Mosby'B men. They were taken to the house of one Marshall, in Ashby's Gap, where they were treat ed courteously and furnished with a good supper and a bed. Just as they felicitated themselves upon their good fortune in falling into such hospitable hands, and turned over to sleep, they were roused by an unwelcome visitor, who announced to them that they must prepare at once for execution. That happened in this wise. Mosby having captured 22 men had determined to hang seven of them in no inflation for seven of his men having been sung by General Custer, and the selection was made by lot. But it turned out that two of those who drew the Devon " prizes" from the hat were men who had befriended n Confeder- ante family in the vicinity, and Mosby decided ''that if any new prisoners were brought in before the execution two of them should be substituted for these two men, and accordingly Marvin and Bennett were roused from their comfortable beds and put upon the death roll. Lieutenant Smith was decided to conduct the execution, which was to take place an the 'Winchester-road, where the Federal troops would be sure to find the bodies hanging in the morning. On tbeinaroh to the spot, the night being dark, onosuooco-'dod in tapping lion . his wrist' the cord which bound the seven together and making his escape. The other 'six arrived at the appointed place, and three were hung up by the neck to the limb of a tree. The remaining three begged so hard to be shot but Lieutenant SnvitbyieHed to their entreaties, and they stood up in a row to meet death in that furn. Bennett was shot through the head, and instantly killed. A Colt's revolver ? was discharged at the next man, Hofflngnle; the ball struck him in the in ra, and he fell to the ground, and had the presence of mind to pretend to be dead. The third was Marvin. J A plan put the muzzle of a revolver to his head, and pulled the trigger; the cap did not explode. . Marvin is a powerful fellow, and quick as thought he knocked the man down and ran for his life, The guard started in pursuit, and iii ed a number of shots at him, but none of them took offset, reaching a piece of wood he dfnBhCi! in one climbed a tree, and, though his pursuers passed close by, the darkness of the night enabled him to escape discovery. Lieutenant Smith returning went up to 'Hoffingnle, who still lay motionless in the road, and. after kicking him. said, ''He is 'dead, and left him there; but he is alive and and will recover. Marvin saysLicutonantStnith and his men said they regretted the necessity of having to execute the prisoners, but must obey orders. The seven men were allowed time to write letters to their friends, and the letters were read and then granted by Monday's train, and postage stamp put on each letter. When starting for the place of execution, Bowie, the man who afterwards escaped by slipping the cord from his first, seeing the young MIsS who had furnished him with pen, ink, and paper for his farewell letter to his family, gave her his money, a 820 note. He 1 ftjpho thought her very good-looking, and, believing that he should have no further use for the money, gave it away. She thanked Ira, and " invited him to call if he earns that «y again." New York Times. r' COMMUNICATION BETWEEN RAILWAY PASS ggNGEflp AND GuARDs. The railway Ç0inpiUÙ>8 gave (says the European Times) beepgiveu^oun-i 'preheated that they must adopt some means to establish a communication between passengers ( and the guards of trains, or the Government itself will prescribe a method for effecting that object. A- committee of railway managers has peso termed, and they have received plans from upwards of two hundred persons, none of which Ipwevcv, have given. entire satisfaction. The lest submitted are those called Tattersall's and "Woodfield's the former effects the communication by means of mechanical force, and the latter by means of electric icily Mr. Preece, " the superintendent of the Electric and InterNational Company at Soutlia.rr.ntpn, has sulu mitted and to the London and South- Western j'lfnilwny Company, who immediately under- took at their own expense to give a fair trial, According to this plan a vessel is hung just above the passenger's head, connected by a, rope to catches at the opposing corner of the carriage, and these catches in moving cause two Wall concealed Semaphore-rd as to project from the cm rings. The ni ms are connected with a small electric battery in the guard's van, and as they fell from a concealed ver their position, tap, horizontal projecting one they now use an electric current to be completed and ring an alarm tell in the van. This bell continues to ring while the- arms project, and the latter are t placed so that they can only be restored to a , optical position by theguardooiniugto the carriage. On his looking out thoseuruis.ne obvious by day.andby night could be made so by small , lamps fixed and lighted near them. A hand- rail runs along the carriage, which lifts up or down at the doors, and by which the guardian . easily and safely pass to the carriage from ; which, an alarm proceeds. The semaphore . arms, when in a horizontal position, are con' Healed in a neat frame which is an ornament to the carriage, and the electric wire with a hook at the and insist on the frame under the carriage, the wife of one carriage being couple L to that of another in a moment by means of the hooks, Some persons have thought that spouse of electric batteries would be JU objec . tion. but these batteries are now constructed as ' as not to require any attention for months together. The expense of fitting up the pit, * S?8?1'8' rollinS Block of the London and South . western Company would not, it is said, avenue 40s. a carriage. , :-.. _. , THE MONT CENIS TUNNEL In a highly interesting article by Emile Level, in this fortnight's Revue Contemporaine, we find some curious details about the piercing of the tunnel between Modane and Bardondche. It is well known that the whole length of the tunnel, when completed, will be 12/220 metres. The machine used for the purpose is M.Somraelier'a performer, set in motion by compressed air It consists of a piston working horizontally in a cylinder, and carrying a chisel fixed upon it like a bayonet, which at each stroke dashes with violence against the rock to be pierced. Each time the chisel records, it turns round in the hole, and as the latter is sunk deeper and deeper, the frame or shield, which carries, not one but nine performers, advances in proportion. While the chisel is doing its work with extraordinary rapidity, a copper tube of small diameter keeps squirting water into the hole, by which means all the rubbish is washed out. Behind the shield there is a tender, which, by the aid of a pump set in motion by compressed air, feeds all these tubes with water. The noise caused by the simultaneous striking of all the chisels against the rock is absolutely deafening, enhanced as it is by the echo of the tunnel. All at once the noise ceases, the Shield recedes behind it, and the surface of the rock is perceived riddled with 80 holes, varying in depth between 80 and 99 centimetres. These holes are now charged with cartridges, BLOW matches burning at the rate of 60 centimetres per minute are inserted, and the workmen retire in haste. The explosion seems to shake the mountain to its roots 5 when all is over the ground is found covered with fragments of the rook.andanûdvancocqualtothedepthoftheholes has been obtained. On the Bardoniche side this year the average advance per month has been 50 metres i on the Madame side it has not exceeded 38 metros per month, owing to the greater hardness of the rock on that side ; there still remains a length of about 8,250 metres to be got through. When completed the tunnel will have required the piercing of 1,220,000 holes, 550,000 kilogrammes of gunpowder, 1,550,000 metres of slow match ; the number of bayonets rendered unserviceable will amount to 2,450,000. Galignani's Messenger. NEW CATTLE-MARKET.-The present establishments of Forgery, Sceaux, and La Chapelle will be shortly replaced by a single market, to be laid out on a large plot of ground at the extremity of La Villette, bordering on the fortifications. The object of this transfer is to economise to the butcher, and indirectly to the consumer, the expense of the removal of the animals to the present markets, and thence to the abattoirs at Paris. By the side of this new place of sale a general slaughterhouse will be erected, in which all the animals purchased by the butchers of Paris will be killed and cut up. Thus, the animals, instead of being sent round j Paris to Poissy or Sceaux, and then brought back to the capital, will be forwarded at once to the place where they are sold and killed. The only outlay of the butchers will be the removal of the meat from the slaughterhouse to their shops. The new market touches the circular railway round Paris, which is in c mmunica tion with all the railways of France. The cattle may be thus brought to the spot without having to be removed from one train to another. This saving is calculated at 5 per head, The under- ground works are already in progress, and a series of drains are being constructed for carrying the waste water into the Villette Canal. All the calves sent to the slaughterhouses will be examined by inspectors charged to purchase such young heifers is seem likely to become good milch cows. Breeders will be able to obtain those selected animals at a fair price. No concession of the market has yet been made, but it will be probably accorded to a company in exchange for a small toll on each head of cattle. The French breeders will have to compete with those of foreign countries. Paris and Deland already receive cattle from Germany, and even from as far off as Hungary, Servia, and the Danubian provinces. Those animals will be brought from Vienna to Strasburg, and from the latter town to Paris the railway company will allow a free pass for every eight trucks or even less in certain cases. To those charges must be added 10 per head for keep. Gang naui'sMaisenger. A BoiiN Acron. Garrick's personal characteristics particularly fitted him for success upon the stage. Look at Sir Joshua's portraits of the Roscius ; it would be hard to find a better face for an actor. The features handsome and well defined with a certain flexibility about them which tendered variety and rapid change of expression easy matters. The eyes large and an ominous, dark and penetrating, and above them well arched and strongly marked eyebrows - most precious gifts to an actor-one raised a trifle above its fellow, from some habitual trick of expression, or accidental momentary switch which seems to indicate a vivid perception of the humorous. The mouth large, as befits a de claimed, but shapely, the muscles found it very active and prominent, the chin round, the jaw Square, the throat thick-all favourable to delivery of a strong voice, with rapid Annoyance. His face, we learn, was wonderfully under courts oh. He would sometimes, but rarely, indulge his most intimate friends with a performance of what he called his "rounds." He would stand behind a chair, and unaided by words or music convey into his face every variety of passion, " blinding one into another, and, as it were, shadowing them with a prodigious number of gradations." Now he extorted laughter, now he drew tears, Now he terrified, now be seemed himself terrified, until the spectators turned to see it there were not among them some strange sense of horror. Now he was WEED as Solomon, anon he drivoUed like a village idiot. He was young, he was old, he was rich, he was poor, he was sober, he was drunk, overfed, starving, brave, cowardly, generous, miserly ; he wore a plastic musk, and could, by an effort of will mould, his features to what pattern he chose. These vans even at one time a story current that he had frightened Hogarth by appearing before him as the ghost of Fielding, having assumed a representation of the great novelist's features ; but this, it must be confessed, cannot readily be credited. Once a Week. BABBA Roys LAWS IN SWEDEN'S Stockholm correspondent writes: "Various attempts have, during the past few years, been made to improve the system of jurisprudence in this country. and especially to got rid of many forms and practices which are no longer in accordance with the times and customs of other nations. In several instances there attempts have been successful, but in others, from the complicated system of legislation, arising out of there being no less then four Legislative Chambers, it has not been possible to bring about the reforms that are considered desirable ; but an, improvement of this kind has at present been suggested which has met with such general acceptance that little doubt seems to be entertained of its being carried into effect as soon as the requisite steps can be taken for that purpose. According to the law as it now stands, a man who is accused of a crime, if there be no satisfactory proof, but only strong suspicions of his having committed it, may be placed in a cell for solitary confine- ment, without being allowed to see or converse with any person, in which state he may be kept even if he should be kept for life until he should confess that he had been guilty of the, offence of which he was suspected. There is, it is true, no longer any right or custom which admits of the use being made of the ancient thumbscrews or other instrument of torture to compel confession; but this mode, which can still be enforced, is scarcely less objectionable then Unit which humanity has rendered obsolete in all civilised countries; and it is therefore believed that what has been characterised by the most colour used lawyer is in this country as a remnant of barbarism, which is without effect for the purpose for which it is intended, will speedily released from the code of laws which is still in force in this kingdom. THIS ADVANTAGE OF PRACTICAL EXPERI- ENCE.- A ludicrous story is told of Lord Camden being on a visit to Lord Dacre in Essex, and accompanying a gentleman, notorious for his absence of mind, in a walk, during which they came to the parish stocks, Having a wish to knew the nature of the punishment, the Chief Justice begged his companion to open them so that he might try. This being done, his friend sauntered up, and totally forgot him. The imprisoned chief tried in vain to release himself, and on. asking a peasant who was passing by to let him out, was laughed at, and told so " wasn't Bet there for nothing." He was soon set at liberty by the servants of his host; and afterwards, on the trial of an action for false imprisonment against a magistrate by some fellow whom he had set in the stocks, on the counsel for the defendant ridiculing the charge and declaring it was no punishment at all his lordship leaned over and whispered, " Brother, were you ever in the stocks ?" The counsel indignantly replied, " Never, my lord." " Then I have been, said the Chief Justice, ' and I can assure you it is not the trifle you represent it," 