LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. 'T vs:xr, JUNE 6, 1865. In. the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, Mr. MacBeau calledattentionto the work ing of the present lamd law. He observed that whereas, during the passage of the Land Act through the Legislature, the assurance was given by the Government that the ag ricultural areas would be proclaimed in such a manner that no more than a third of each pastoral run would be thrown open at one time, since the proclamation of the areas en tfre runs had been taken up by free se lectors. Agaiun, experience had shown that the demand for land for actual settlement was not as great as had been represented, and that the throwing open of 4,000,000, acres had had the effect of calling into exist ence a class of speculators-" mediums" or "ghosts" as they were called--who made sec tions simply with the view of securing good terms from the squatters. Mr. M1'Bain supportCd his statements by extracts from private letters, and concluded by asking the Government whether they were in possession of any informaticn which led them to suppose that the selections already made were in accordance ,with the spirit and intention of the Land Act, and that the selectors were the class of men whom it is the intention of the Legislature to benefit when the said law was pasecd. "3Tr. M'Culloch remarked, that if the land was t:.ken up by "mediums" who did not occup' it, pursuant to the provisions of the Land Art, the land would revert to the Cro?n, and aftterwards be thrown open for .. -' .. selection or offered for sale by auction as the Government might deem expedieut. lie had 1 heard rumours simil:.r to thosa mentioned by the menxii er for WSinintera, and to as- 1 cert:: n their truth h- put himself in commiu nication with the K'ni tcr of La:ds who w?s at C.uni ),IJNi. ll.le replt he receivei l::tt th i previous iii~t:r -.vas to the ef"ect that the gr`eat hulk of the land taken up had hfllen into the hands of bona fide settlers, and that the act was, onl the whole, working admirably. With regard to the f.et of whole runs hay -ing bcen take:n up, he 'wonld remind hon. Smembers that these runs were available for e?%ection ua :i r the Act of 1S62, and that therewi.:a. uo other course open to the Go vernuimet, seeiing that the new act provided that within three months 4,000,000, acres should be ready for selection. With regard to the raedutn?n, he would observe that the occupatio,: of that class would be gone if the s quattern would only stand aloof, and not pay them, as reported, so largely for their services. In reply to 3r. Thomson. Mr. M'Culoeh said the Government were not bound to issue a lease for thirty days after theland was selected; and if not satis fled that the land was not taken up for bona fide settlement, they could refuse to issue the lease. The House theh called. The number of absentees was sixteen. Mr. Harker nioved the second reading of the State Aid to Religion Abolition Bill In so doing, he expressed regret that the bill had not been introduced as a Ministerial measure, particularly as three members of the present Government had at different times introduced measures for the same ob ject. The bill proposed that the grant in aid of religion.should be diminished at the rate of L10,000 a year until it was finally abolished. He contended that the policy of the state in new countries was to have noth ing whatever to do with religious teaching: and this for the reason that if the state en couraged only certain forms of religious belief, it committed a gross injustice, and that, if it encouraged all forms of religious belief, it committed a gross absurdity. The hon. gentleman quoted largely from statistics with the view to show that the fears of those \who believed that the abolition of state aid would leave the country districts without religious instruction were perfectly ground less. On a division, the bill was rejected by twenty-nine to twenty-five. The House adjourned at twenty five min utes to one o'clock. 