FREE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, MEREDITH. ANNUAL MEETING.—LECTURE ON HYMN BOOKS Tnc Annual Congregational Meeting of the Free Presbyterian Church at Meredith, was held in the church on Monday evening, 10th current. The devotional exercises were con ducted in Gaelic, by Rev A. M'Intyre. Thereafter Her P. MacPherson, of tho con gregation, delivered a lrcture on the subject of | llyiun Books. He said they were no doubt aware that the "Word of God was often prac tically divided in a threefold manner, as con taining a system of doctrine, a system of worship, and a system of church government. These again were practically united in a three fold-way. The Church of Rome did not confine itself to the system of worship, govern ment and doctrine contained in the Scriptures. The Church of England claimed and exercised, according to the Thirty-nine Aoricles, the power to decree ceremonies, and not to confine itself to the system of worship determined from Scripture. The Presbyterians regarded the Word of God as containing so full, com plete and sufficient a scheme of doctrine, worship and government, that adhering rigo rously to it, the matters left to discretion were of an altogether subordinate character. They had not, however, fully carried out their own theory In the esse. In the department of worship they had uot restricted themselves to that iuepired system of psalmody which God, by His HMy Spirit, had, in infinite j wisdom, prepared for the use of His people This, brought him to the subject of hymn books and he would now turn their attention to two productions which had been publbh d in Victoria during the course of 3S64. One of these was "Psalms and Hymns, original and • selected, intended for use in public worship in tho Dioc.se of Melbourne." It is dedicated " To the Venerable the Arch deacons, the reverend the Clergy, and the Members of the United Church of England and Ireland in the Diocese of Melbourne," &c.; It consisted of about GG of the compositions of inspired writers put by themselves as psalms, and ■450 uninspired compositions also put by them selves under the designation of hymns. Tho thought had occurred to him to examine the selection of Psalms to ascertain if any prin ciple, whether consciously or unconsciously, guicltd the si-lectors in tbt ir choice. He took some of the lists given in Theological books, setting forth and arranging the Psalms under j different categories. Taking these headed i Prayers, he found that out of 63 about 22 were'quo'ed, or more than a third; while of those that expressed the deep exercise of soul in tidies of distress and affliction numbered only a fourth, or even lower. On the other hand" the Psalms of adoration and praise numbered considerably above a half. After this general summary he proceeded in detail He took tho?e known as the Penitential | Psalm3. Two were quoted—the 51st and I 130th. He was stiuck with the shortness of psalm ot, and on comparing it with another copy-of the psalms, he was still more sur prised to find that without warning the p3alm was grossly mutilated, being in fact cut down from 17 verses to 5, the verses being numbered in the mutilation and running on in ordr-r as if no such mutilation had taken place. Psaln 130, short as it was, he found had the ver heart cut out of it in the oraission.of verses I 3 and 4. He remembered that John Owen had written a treatise on this pBalm 330. Few ] men had attained to a deeper insight into the spirit and purpose of the Word of God than be, ahd of 300 pages of which that treatise consisted, 250 were devoted to verses 3 and 4, snd yet these were the very verses cut out from the compilation under review. He turned to those psalms which declare very solemnly the fate of the ungodly and impeni tent. The lists gave 24, and of these 8 were ousted * in the compilation. He examined these in detail. Psalm 1 was mutilated, the solemn reference to the wicked not beins eblo to stand in the judgment was cut out. Psalm 5 was a case *of mere massacre. Its twelve verses were clipped down to 4. Psalm 11 was represented by a poor diluted driolei from some man called " Lyte." The very awful announcement of the Almighty raising a tempest of fire, &c.;, ou the ungodly w*s of course smoothed down till all idea of tempest disappeared. Psalm 34 was a case of wholesale massacre, 22 verses being cut down to G. Psalm 37 was quite a prodigy of mutilation. The compilers suc ceeded in representing 40 verses by 3! Psalms 63, 92, and 125 were also all muti lations, the parte cut out being steadily in | the direction of the solemn statements garding the ungodly. Turning to th? small group of historical psalms, he noticed the ab surdities produced by this process. Psalra 104 was cut down from 45 verses to 4. Tbfs? ere at the beginning, and they are an exhor- I tation to celebrate the wondrous works of the Almighty in song. But the psalmist carries out his intention. The compilers, however, having announced the intention, atop short. It was like givin? out a text, seating how it was to be treated and then shutting up the baok. Psalm 106 w^s cut down from -IS vera-s to 4. Such was u specimen of the way in which the inspired Psalms of David fared when the hymns came in the way. Yet those scraps which bad often to be altered in the t^xt, so as to make the patchwork bang to gether were called psalms. '1 hey might jib will take a toe and a tooth, and an tar and a fi- g ;r of a man and call these a man. He had fill the 1«EB compunction in speaking in this way because of the literary character and pre teusirne of the Church of England Had this by tun book been the production of the latest phar-e of some obscure 6ect of dieaentciB he mi.'ht not have been surprised, but in the Church of England this was utterly out of character. If they had learned a lesson or two from the activity of dissenters during the last half century,it was a thousand pities that they did follow in tho.wake of such as Dr Watts, who mutilated the Psalms of David on principle, in his desire, as he said, to make David speak like a Christian, but who gave ample notice of his most unwarrantable purpose But, after all, this was only a literary view of j the case. The theoligical had to be taken into | account. The book of psalms his often bren referred to as an epitome of the Word of God, | as the very heart of Divine Truth. But they were so because they were so full of Christ, who is the Truth itself. But even of tho psalms there were many that stood out in a very remarkable- manner because of their un mistakeable reference to Christ. He would proceed with his statistical investigation, and fiee how these fared in the English Church compilation. He found in the classified lUte 10 that were very specially marked for their j bearing upon Christ.,. |4 of these were quoted in Use compilation. Fsrdm 10 rv.-.s out down "froin II" vtraes to 4; psalm 72 was cut down from 19 verses to G tvom Watts, helped out by;4 verses from Jame3 ilontg nury; p-nlrn 87, conEistiugof 7 vorsrs, was represented by 3, which had little or t-.o sp-cific reference to the contents of the psilm; psalm 118 was cut down from 29 verses to 5 from Walts.■" But there was another class of psalms which suf fered worse still. They were tho.-e called the Imprecatory Psalms, a Beries of which had excited the special horror of hymn-collectors and bymn-spinners. They loved to speak of them as psalms of cursing and denunciation Watts plainly said they wero not fit to be sung in Christian worship, and set to work to supersede the worils of tbo Iioly Ghost by ] sentiments more proper for the worship of God ! Of the Imprecatory pBalms ho found 17 in the lists. Only thrco of these were quoted in the compilation. Psalm 17 was cut down from 16 verses to 5 from "Watts; psalm GD was cut down from 30 verses to 1 from Watts; psalm 137 was represented by a vrr sioti from some person called " Lyte," the " cursing" v.t Ilia close being of course omitted. Of theso Imprecatory Psalms i'Q would have more to say presently, and iu the meantime be would turn attention to the draft of a collection of hymns which had been printed during last year in connection with the Pre-byteriim Church of Victoria. A committee bad breu appointed to draw up a collection, and tliey gave in a report of tlwir labors, along with 195 hymn®, to the last General Assembly of the Church. They discuss the propriety of having a coll tion of hymns, and in their report wo have indications by no means obscure of what is in store lor the Psalms. The com mi; to on hymn oily spoke as follows:—"The kernel of evangelical truth has been encased in n Jewish husk; not a few good men havo looked coldly eveu on the paraphrases, and 89 fur s directly New Testament hymnology, it lias be- n harshly frowned upon as an innova tion ; and men who could sing without com punction the awful curses and denunciations of the 109th Psalm, would have shuddered at the impiety of using in public worship such vords as those which cheered the dying heart nd were breathed by the lips of thn great and good Prince Albert, a3 almost the last expres b n of his faith—" Bock of Ages cleft for &c.; Was not an ingenious way of preaching up the hymn and preaching down the psalm in the same breath. There was a dextrous plan for securing princely patronage for the hymn and consigning the p3atm to the region of gloom and frown. This 109th psalm was pre-eminently one of those called imprecatory, as was indicated by the hymnodi cnl committee iu their own fashion. But it so happened it also contained the very "kernel of evangelical truth." It was descriptive of Christ at his betrayal and crucifixion. The deep foundations of truth and error were there concerned. Christ and Satan, the heads of their respective kingdoms, were there in con flict. Christ represented hi3 church in strug gle against the powers of evil, angelic or human. There was laid bare in a manner awfully Bolemnizing the eternal gulph that wan finally to separate the righteous and the wicked. It was no doubt a region of state ment fitted every way to create the moat solemn awe. That men felt a pressure on their spirits in such cases was natural enough. Did not these imprecatory psalms then occupy a profoundly significant place in the volume of inspiration. That uninspired mm yearned to tread on the ground occupied by them, was the most convincing proof that here at least rvaa a department of divine worship for which tiro materials could be giv n only by the Holy Ghost. Akin to this dislike of the imprecatory Psalms on the part of hymn collectors was the attempt at times made to set up tiro spirit of the New Testa ment as something so different to that of the Old. Yet it was Christ who spoke in the 109th Psalm, and in rhe great mam of those called cursing psalm3 by hymn spinners. It so happened that the most awful denunciations occurring in the New Testament proceeded from the lips of Christ—tho woes upon the Scribes and Pharisees. Nay, further, the curses of the 109th Psalm, and others like it, were summarily comprehended in the brief petition "Thy kingdom como" It was prayer for the removal of Satan's kingdom, which was in possession, as it were. That kingdom was no mere abstraction; it consisted of the finally ungodly and impenitenc. The prayer was for their removal from a position to do harm to the church of God. Tho fundamental truths regarding tho destroying of the human race were no', to be lightly disposed of. God in great wisdom and goodness had phrased them in the manner most fitted to make the intended impression on the heirs of salvaiirn. To cover over the brink of the precipice with flowers was mere folly. The most beautiful snow rvreaths were found to form a thin covering over crovassoss in the ice, down which the unwary traveller might fall hundreds of feet. Yet this tendency to smooth down tlio most solemn parts of the psalms, or omit them altogether, was constantly developed by hymn collectors. This was a geuuine old Jewish habit of declaring " smooth things." Th'y wero sure to fiud tho same habit whereever they found an aversion to the " kernel of evangelical truth," as contained in tire 109th psalm. But the hymuodical com mittee had argued the case. 'We review some of tireir reasonings. As reasonably might it be pleaded that the good old weapons with which the Jews won possession of Canaan, and went forth to victory against Ammon and Moab, should supersede tho military projec tiles of lat-r days, as that the breathings of Christian piety should find expression only through the Old Testament medium of the psalms of David." The Apostle Paul equipped the Christian in iris spiritual armour long ago. Was the sword of the spirit, which was the Word of God, includina the psalms of David, now grown rusty ? "Was it truly as absurd to adhere rigorously to the psalms of David in public worship now^ a days, as I would be to proceed with bows, and arrowB and slingB against Messrs Armstrong nnd Whitworth! What were the hymnodicrl committee going to give in place of the anti quated shield of faith ? How was the helmet of salvaliou, if not supplan'ed, to be even supplemented ? But the hymuodical com rai t e proceeds, "Wo don't o nline our prayers to Old Testament language; why should we limit our praise to Old Testament poetry ? A simple question truly, but by the same logic they should ask some other ques tions, and come to some other conclusions not quite so satisfactory to the hymnodical com mittee. If they wero to obliterate the dis tinctions which separated one thing from another, they might run them up into very general categories, and ask very curious ques tions. Then, ho might say, they sang the psalms, why should they notsingthe prayers ? The logic in form and substance was the same as that of the committee. Why not also sing the other parts of scripture ; in fact, why not sing the sermon ? It was just as sensible a question as that of the committee. But what did they think of the committee, at "this time of day, quoting tho pas sages from Paul's epistles to the Ephesians au-1 Coloastans, about psalms, and hymns, nnd spiritual songs." as proof that the apostle not only sanctioned, but commanded virtually the compilation of hymn-books. The committee^ had discovered that the canon of scripture^ supplies neither hymns nor spiritual songs, nnd therefore uninspired men are left to make them up themselves. Song3 there were among the psalms, but not-lhe " spiritual songs" in tended by the apostle. And ihta stylo of argument was used by a committee the mem bore of which, it was to be presumed, had re ceived a Presbyterian education. But they proceeded. I'iiny was brought into service. This heathen had tortured the Christians of old, but some modern Chris'ians were now go:n» to torture him fur evidence in favor of lrymns. Piny was described hv tho early Christians as singing at their meetings a song (carmen) to ;Ciirist as if ho wore God. But Pliny's language avas translated for him, and lie avns made to say ihit tho Christians sang I " hymnB." Having gained this point, the] hvmnodical corr.mi::ce managed tho rest them-1 selves. Thoso hymns were " U33urcdly not psalma." There was rlie word of the hymno dical committee fur it, but all the Presby terian Church, put together could not prove it The bold style of hard statement on the part of tho Presbyterian Church ho had noticed on many occasions in regard to ordinary matters of fact, but now, be observed, they were carryin" this style into the region of theology a'd criticism. It was either a piece of auda cious ignorance or .barefaced imposture. -As retarded the question of argument, though it could bj provid that the early Christians used uninspired hymns, it could simply be replied it was not tho only ser.ous mistako which cmld he traced back to the same antiquity, ' for tho mystery of singing had begun to work in the apos'olia age itself. Again, the f-.llow iian pas3age had been quoted by the hymn- dtca I committee. J.r ng had the church been in the wil.leriio-3, parched and rveary, and Luther j [.was the Muses win so rod struck the- roilc whence leaped forth tho mighty stream of I son^ which has invigorated and refreshed it , ever since." It was not for the want of! hymns that the church was in the wilderness. The dark age of Itoinanism was a period dutio" which the church was loaded with hymns of all sorts: to the Virgin Mary, and to ■ alnti and angels. Thero was_ indeod a 1 church in; the wiJerntBa—that.^tho /Wal densesand Albigen3cs; but Luther did not giVf- thcin thd psalms—th-y were chnracterizod by; their adherence to the compositions of David. It was worthy of notice that it was during die darkf ag-» of moderatism in lie Church of Scotland that the hymns and para-* phrases crept into their bibles. The nv. lecturer said there was oho result of liis reccn ' examination of hymns which ho wished to give. After bringing his mind more closely than ho had done for some time with the thin j spun slender sentimentally which formed so j large a portion of the hymns, with the protty I nothings which hymn spinners throw ofF in'j such loads, he was more than ever satisfied with, the vigorous Scottish versiou of the psalms. It was a strango thine that the wordsj which were dictated by tho Holy Ghost should be pushed asido by the shallow pro ductions of men. In taking: human composi tions end singing thorn side by Gide with the psalms, he considered there was a 6pecies of idolatry,. Tho very use of tho inspired scrip-, turca was doubly associated with worship bsdf; it was a reverence due to the-"Word of j God. Was it not a very questionable thing to pay the samo reverence to any human com | position ? Ho observed the names of living authors in j-ome hymn books. The name Dr Iloratius Bonar was to bo . found ap • pended to some of tho hymns. Now, wero he to put to Dr Bonar the question—"Wilt yon tell mo which of your hymns I shall sing in place of some of the psalm?. The answer that he ought to get would he, " Sec thou do it not.'' Wliou the Apostle Paul was going to. receive divine honors from an admiring crowd he earnestly remonstrated against the idolatry, and he was of the opinion that Dr Bonar ouulit solemnly to protest against having any production of his raised to the fame dignity in tho worship of tho sanctuary as the inspired psalms. In drawing the lecture to a close the reverend gentleman quoted as follows from the committee's report:—"The most conservative of all Protestant bodies, the Church of Eugland, has got far ahead of us in this respect, and has wisely fostered the revived evangelism of the age oE an extensive hymnology, and if the Presbyteria-usm of this colony is to keep abrean of other denominations, it must con sent to sacrifice an old prejudice, and must meet the growing wants of the times by a wider and ntore copious. provision of avanr, gelical song." Such was the race-no v between the denominations abovo referred to. They saw Inw David's psalms have already, fared iu one case, and there were very strong symptoms already that they were likely not to fare much better in the other case. The lecture having been concluded, the usual congregational business transacted. W. J. Iteid, K-q, treasurer, reported in reference to the funds. Tho report was a follows: — " The committee have to congratulate the con gregation in view of their progress, which, with the good baud of God upon them, tliry have been enabled to make. During the course of the previous year a property, con sisting of house and about eleven acres of laud had been purchased in a locality very con venicutlysituated with reference to tho church, and as to the eligibility of the sit? itself, tho committee would merely remind the congre gation that about six years ago, when they had the choosing of their own site, in an ap plication to the government to put-up certain allotments to public auction, their own choice was the very place now purchased, but which they CJuld not secure at the earlier date, owing to the price which was offered by oth*r parlies for tho land. It hadbeen foreseen, however, with reference to the building that considerable alterations would be required. These improve ments had been made, and their pistor had been cccupyiug the premises for nearly four months. Tho cost of the building, including de^d of conveyance—but deducting donation of £3 3s from the solicitors who drew out the conveyance—was £139 10s Gd. The total cost, including tho improvements made was £226 0s 3d. The balance due the treasurer is £21 Ss 9d. The expenditure for the year, including the sustentation account, is L317 8s 5d. The balance duo the Treasurfr on account of both building and sustentation is somewhere about 1-30. With regard to Stoney Itisea these accounts refer only to the SabWh collections and sustentation fund, not the building fund. The committee have to record their grateful acknowledgment of the obligation under which the congregation are placed by the zeal of the Treasurer, both in reference to the temporal afTiirs of tho church and for his attention to the Sibbath school. In this hitler respect they have also'to acknowledge the valuable services of Mr Williams. In concluding the committer havo to express their thankfulness to Almighty God for the way in which they have been led, and that notwithstanding their havng had to' encounter another crisis in the maintenance of their distinctive and practical testimony, or Free Churchmen against Eras thnism, they are here m t together as a con gregation, one, aud undivided. The committee of the previous year wore reopp.iinied. A vote of thanks was recorded j to the 3W. A. M'Intyre, and tho meeting I closed with the benediction. 