5 HE BUNDLEMAN ON THE PLAINS. [FEOM ALL THE YEAR ROUND.] A bundleman, or foot traveller who carries his bundle of blankets on his back, arrives in the evening at a cattle station on the M. River, in Australia. Received by a chorus from tbe dogs, be asks for the " cove," bjy which he means the master, goes to him, and puts the stereotyped question, "Please, sir, do you want any bands V He is sent up to the men's hut, with leave to stay the night. There, after supper, he " gets in a yarn" with tbe stockmen, as they smoke their pipes outside the hut. " How far might you call it from here to tbe B. river, matey ?" " Ob, about seven-and-thirty mile, for them as knows the busb, but you'ilhave to put 6ixty or •seventy more on to it if you follows the river." "What's the cove like, down below f" "A • hungry beggar, as grudges a man a pot of tea." " Any water on the plain 1" " Well, there ought to be enough to camp on, in the dug bole? at tbe lake." " There was a chap, up tbe river, as told me that a dray come up here, straight across from the dry lake, a month ago. Could a man follow the track ?" " Jim and me see the tracks plain enough, a long way out, when we was after that beast to kill, o' Wednesday; but you'd better not let tbe cove see you a-going that way; he kicked up row enough about the dray coming; said they wanted to make a road across the run, and we'd be havin' a flock of caterpillars (sheep) comin' over next. If you're game to tackle the plain, Jim here is goin' after tbe horses at daylight, and he'll put you on the dray track." Daylight -comes, a bright red dawjo. The traveller is conveyed by Jim, the stockman, through the low polygonum scrub that skirts the river, and is shown the faint marks of a pair of wheels. These be is to follow for twenty miles or so, when he will come to a beaten track, near which he fully expects to find a little water. He has a bit of " ration" with him, and thinks he will camp at the dug hole that night, and go on to the B next day. On that river sheep-station huts are plentiful, and be need make no more long marches. He has his covered tin-pot, or "billy," in his band; this holds a couple of quarts of river water; but it is old an a battered, and leaks t little. The great grey plain is spread before him; the Fata Morgana is brilliant this morning, as it often is in very hot weather; and he sees the reversed images of far distant sand- hills, pine ridges, and river timber, refracted above the horizon, and flickering in the heat, radiated from the hot earth. Then, up rises the great fiery sun, the heat increases suddenly the fantastic figures fade away, the horizon seems- to contract, and lies before him as round and unbroken as that of the sea. There is plenty of life here, near the river. Great flights of .cockatoos have posted their yellowrcrcsted sentries, and are busy digging lor their breakfasts. Light clouds of white dust rise far and near, where the cattle, which are all in on the river now, are congregating on their camps; they have been feeding during the last thre« hours, and will lie all day, in sleepy groups, upon the hot sand-hills, •until iu tiie late afternoon the elders among them decide that it is time to march, in long strings, to the accustomed watering-place. A dozen gaunt black crows fly on before tbe traveller, mocking bim with tbeir- fiendish ctoaking, and wishing in their hearts that evil may befall bim, to tbe end that they may pick his bones. They know that a man s skin is thinner than a bullock's, and tbat, on such tender meat, their beaks would have a fair chance against • tbe wild dog's teeth. Presently, a-kangaroo rat bolts out of a salt-bush, and goes away at a great pace, with zig-zag bounds, his little fore-paws crossed demurely over his. breast The bundleman's dog pursues him, but is rated by hie master, and comes hack to ieel; hp will have far enough to go to-day, without buntiifg wallabys.. ,. It is already,' though only an hour after sunrise, very hot; there iB the coppery glare about the north-west portion of the sky, •which always accompanies a hot -wind; there is a dull smoky look about the horizon that portends a **regular scorcher;" and, though he is as yet only about four miles from the fringe of tall trees that skirte the. river, they already begin to look cloudy and indistinct. The dray track is almost obliterated, and the walking among the low salt-bushes and cottoti bushes is very bad. The bundleman begins to tbinfc lie "would bave been wiser to have followed round the rivers, where he would bare.'bad a beaten track, shade and water, than to face the plain, for the sake of a short cut. ''•However,- he is a good walker, and does not care -for the heat; he marches on, with bis bundle on his back, and his " billy" in his hand. , ; He has done some twelve or thirteen miles, The Sun is almost perpendicularly over bis head, end 'he is out of sight of the river timber—fairly out ' to sea, - as it were. He little; ii-is very- precious, but her poors a few drops into the lid of the pot for his dog, who, poor felldw, is suffering already, and looks strangely dusty, anxious and dispirited. Tbat dog's ancestors came from breezy Scotch mountains, and he would be far more at home seeking sheep buried in a snowdrift than paddling across the open plain.^ The traveller stops the leak with a bit of clay, shoulders his bundle, and trudgs on.^. The plain seems endless; no'aoui^of living thing breaks the deadly stiUsss; the very flies tbat so tormentfiWim near the river have disappeared; dTere is nothing moving save unearthly Rooking columns of red dust, towering htgbinlbe hot air, raised from some distant sand-uill by the whirlwinds. On he plods, hour after hour, looking anxiously for die faint wheel-marks that guide him. The hot wind burns his eyes and dnes bis lips, and he moistens his parched mouth now and then with a few drops of the precious water. He is- unselfish enough, too, to spare his dog a little. The water does not refresh bim much, for it is very warm and mawkish, and the rim of the-tin-pot almost scorches his lips. At last he sees a dark grey cloud suspended over the horizon, quivering in the glare of teflected heat He knows thatclaud to be the low timber that skirts the dry bed ol the Twenty-mile Lake; he expects to find water in a pit dug on its edge. Drinking the last of his store, he walks on more quickly; knowing that on such a day tbe trees would not be visible more than a couple of miles, he begins to have pleasant thoughts of a pot ot tea, a pipe, and a sleep in the shade of a pine. He Lurries on,- the afternoon sun is shining in his face, he crosses a beaten track almost without seeing it. Perhaps a thought may arise within him as to the possibility of the hole being dry, and perhaps bis heart may stand still a moment, but he mill not think it Everything- seems strangely still; why are there no birds about the water ? ftot the twittering of the wren, not the croak of a crow to break the silence. He notices, with a qualm of fear, that there is no footmark ot living thing in the dust of the cattle-paths that lead to the water-hole. Who can tell what passes through the mind of the lost sailor, as he goes overboard, in a gale off the Horn ? Who can realise what that seaman feels, as the great ship leaves him for behind upon the pitiless waves, among which, he knows too well, no boat can live to save him ? And this shepherd, as he looks into tbe pit, and sees grim death staring him in the face, from the dry mud at the bottom of the hole ? He has heard of dead men's bones found on tbat plain, and he knows what his end is to be. Poor fellow! He is very thirsty now, his tongue is swelling in his mouth, he feels giddy and sick, and throws away his pack. He will stagger on a few miles more, hardly knowing whither he is going, lured on by the treacherous mirage, which will mock his eyes with phantom sheets of clear water, reflecting the trees around them, and rippling in the wind, only a few hundred yards ahead. He will wander on at random, throwing off his clothes; as he be comes weaker, perhaps be will feel bis knife, and think of his dog; but the dog has lain down to die under a busb. and tbat last horrible resource is gone. Then, a gleam of hope! Two dark forms looming large against tbe red smoky mist in which the sun is setting, come up rapidly until within half a mile of bim. Are they horsemen ? They stop. Do they see him. Yes, they have seen him, and they fly before the hot wind ; he knows they are emus going to water, and that their long legs will carry them to the cool river in two hours or so: * * * * Many months after, some wandering stockman may see some bones lying on the plain, and may curse the wild dogs for killing calves; he will never notice tbe round white skull under a salt-bush a few yards off. Remains of lost travellers are often found on these plains. During a residence of twelve years on them, the writer has had personal experience of seven instances, but the relics can se!dom abe identified. Clothes and blankets are soon torn to shreds by wild dogs, and bones are picked clean by them, aided by crows and ants. Sometimes, however, remains A friend, in tbe year 1853, riding through a strip of " mallee" scrub, not B far from the Edward River, picked up a skull bleached by the sun and Tain of many seasons, There were no other bones near it, -and he carried the skull home, where, for years, with memento mori inscribed upon it, it decorated the mantel-piece of a bachelors' hall. Many -e the ethnological and phrenological opinions pronounced over it. One worthy doctor, from its great thickness and monkeylike shape, declared it to be tbe brainpan of an old black woman. He used to point out the great development of the organs of philoprogenitiveness and secretiveness— quality for which black gins are remarkable— but his theories were overthrown. Eight years after the finding of the skull, and near the place where it was lying, a shepherd picked up a little copper box, which contained, with other papers, a cheque, dated 1842, for sixteen pounds, and drawn in favor of a certain Paddy Cane. On inquiry among the old hands, 1 ' it was found that a man bearing that name bad lived with one of the earliest settlers in tbe district, and had disappeared, after starting'to walk across the plain. At a late shearing on the Murrumbidgee some years ago, the men sent jone of their number across the plains, with a pjack-borsej to bring hack two kegs of spirits, to lie drunk at Christmas time, which was then approaching.- After an absence of many days, the pack-horse came home alone to his accnstomed " run," but the man never came, and the kegs were not beard of. Three years, or so afterwards, the barrels we're discovered; one, half empty, with pannikin beside it j and the messenger's bones were scattered around. Some spots on tbe Old Man Plain have the reputation of-being haunted by the ghosts of those who have perished on it; a well known place called the Black Swamp being especially notorious. A fine tall young fellow was terribij scared by something he saw there, one clear winter's night He did not like talking about it, and it was with a good deal of trouble that he was induced to describe, what he saw, or thought he saw. Charley said that he was travelling down the country with fat cattle tbey were camped at the Black Swamp; it was moonlight, and tie rest of tbe party were asleep. Noticing something moring,*nd thinking it to be .a bullock moving off the camp, be rode ronnd to.bead it back, when he saw 1 by the light of the moon, a man on a grey cob riding towards him across a shallow pool of tain water, in which bis horse's 'feet made no splashing nor any sound whatever ; the figure rode close past Charley without taking any noticed f bun, and past through die midst of: the sleeping cattle, not one of. which looked at'it -Kow, Charley,- an experienced-drover, knew tbat bad a mortal stranger so ridden among them, evety bollock would have started tip instantly, and the whole mob would bave "rushedso be -went to tbe fire, awoke bis mates, end, without a word of explanation, bolted underneath die waggon, < 