ii-dJ»if£sfc.Uc Story. Having been on a visit to my old uncle lately, a. few miles from Bombala, we were enjoying our selves one night telling stories 'Shout ghosts and such stuff, when the old gentleman said, Drop your foolish stories,' and I w'ill fell you a true story about parties that live not far from here.' It rather interested me, and without further apology, I send it to you for insertion in the Monaro Star. ' T» rnno in 1 SOS T moo J-.Vt.j' f.l,™ »1. „ ' »»* y ihw uiuacu iiuiu 111C UC|llfb along with eighty moro young lads, to join -our regiment which was in- the West Indie's. We sailed fro'in Leitlf'iu Scotland, in one of the smiicks for Deptford, where we were to be shipped on board one of the transport vessels. We were detained three' weeks there, and a-3 we had only one paiade a day, we often took a stroll to London : and one day, bn tlie S'uri-y 'side of old Loiidm Bridge, as my comrade and mo wero passing, a young woman, or rather girl, was coming out of a shop door, when her eye caught 'sight df us, she shreiked aud fell. I forget to tell you it was a Highland regiment we belonged to'; we were in full uniform, and she had been told stories about tho Highlanders' eating children and Such liko nonsense when Piincc Charlie marched into England, in 1745, so she told me after-, wards, — but' to my story, ' I ^ ran and lifted lier np, and when she saw me slie £ave another scream bnd fainted. The shopkeeper' showed nie wlic're she lived, and I 'carried her home. Tlio people slie lived with '(for she was an brpli'anj were very kind to u's, although we had almost frightened her to death, and 'invited its to cairbn thorn again. We 'did call, and I' got lie ail over heels in love, as an irishman would say, whh my little woman or girl. - You know tlie girls all like the ' sodgers.' However, tlie day came when we must part We parted swear-; irfg all sorts 'of fidelity to each other. Change of scene changed me, and I thought no more of her. 'On the 30th January, 1828, 1 was once more in London. I had -passed tho 'Bortrd at Chelsea the day before, and got sixpence a day — for I had seen a little service, I was making my way to the docks to see when a Vessel fyonld sail for Scotland' never thinking of my former love, when I saw o'ne of tlfe handsomest, lovely creatures I think I had ever seen making her way across Oxford, market towards me. Slie looked in my face and ' seized my band, not with fright biit with joy; it was my pretty girl turned into a lovely woni£.n, I was captivated, for I was always fond of pretty women. She accompanied me to the docks, a vessel was to sail in four days, so we made the : most of it. We renewed our former love for each ' other. aiid I really felt sincere at- tho time; Due 1 did not imagine slie would keep her word so re ligiously as the sequel will show. I promised to return to London as soon as I could arrange affairs in Scotland, and ' throw myself away,' as the: Song says. I reached my native land once more, and got am'ongst the girls I had left behind me, and thought no more of my lovely English girl. I got one letter from her, and oh, what re morse I felt at slighting such a faithful creature. An orphan feel's far more acutely these slights than those who have brothers and sisters around them '; hew their poor hearts bound when they think that they have sonie faithful being who will protect them through life 1 they aro more oonfiding than other women, and a slight to tliem is heartbreaking \ but to my story. If I had had money at tlie time t got her letter, I felt as if I woiild hdvc gone to London there and then: but I was always impulsive, a being of the mo ment. I must now passover twenty years o: my chequered life, little dreaming that my faith lessness was oausing such pain to ono of the noblest and most faithful women that ever swore fidelity to tMn. The scene now opens iu New South Wales, not one htindred miles from Bom bala. You know I was married and had a famih There was a Dr D. in the country; a member o the Legislative Council J he was iu the lmbit o sending Sydney newspapers to a brother of hi1 who visited in London — a member of the medi. ,_1 ? r ? HI,:. i ? ;.i ? i»„. ail proiessiou nisewise; j mis jjuui luisiint-n juvt of miile was sick, and luid been ailing for years— for ' liofe deferred maketh the heart sick.' Dr D., in Loudo'b, attended hot. He sent her some medicine; the outsidH wrapper was a piece of tho ' Sydney Morning Herald '—it was the sad news of my wife's death ; she knew I was in Australia From that hour her health improved; and she de termined to visit these shores and find me out and be a mother to my motherless children. S lie- was twb yearS in the colony before we met. 1 was one night in a small country town about fifty miles from Goulburn, when the lip-Country mail arrived. There were two lady passengers, and, as I told jrou before, I was always fond of a pretty woman, I determined fo have a peep. Wc redogiiised each other. She was engaged as companion to a lady whoso hiisbaind was dead ; the other passenger was the lady. I had an in terview with the lady tbift night, and told her our story. She consented to my plan, that was that she should board in town till the marriago 'ceremony was performed ;' and as I was always impulsive thero was no delay. Now my English sweet heart, who went through all these troubles and trials is your aunt!, and' the. ralcish unthinking ' sbdger ' ia your uncle.— S. T.' The DoubliI Murder at Glenokchy. — The inquest on the bodies of the children George and Sarah Johnson, adjourned from Monday, was resumed at the Police Office, Glenorcliy; on Wed r.esday. Evidence was produced to Show that the prisoner Griffiths had the clock stolon' from John, son's hut in his possession, and in company the other prisoner, Wilding, Offered it for t-'^e several' persons and finally sold - ro1' 5s to a lodging and eating- ho'uso'keepc'' ^'; Ilobart lown named Wm Gale, on tho evening of the day on which the hut was robbed and tlio children mur dered. The inquest has been further adjourned until Monday. Y esterday's Advertiser says — ' A large body of tho '-police start this morning for Glenorcliy for the purpose of scouring the Whole of the country in the locality of the hut near Wheia the two children wcremurdered/with tlie view of 'endeavoring to fiud 'tlio shingling .hammer with- Which there can now remain no doubt the two 'unfortunate little c'.il-lron were murdered, and which is supposed' to bo concealed by the murderer along with some other articles which are missing in tho locality, it is to be hoped they ' h ill succeed in their mission nnd thereby produce the only retneining link required to establish one of of the clearest chains ol circum stantial evidence that ever was wove together to' ensure the conviction of the guilty person.' Desertion cf a Bride. — For ''Dome time, pant n ydung man lias been paying his addresses^ to tho (laughter of a farmer residing on the-j Lower Loddoh. Tho girl, hot more than 17' years, appears 'to lia've been worthy of all the'; admiration professed By bor unworthy admirer.'. Matters had been so arranged between the parties that a day or two ago the young couple, accom-, pariie'd by the failier of the bride, left homo, in tending that the marriage ceremony should be performed at Bendigo. The first night the party stopped at an hotel on the Thunder 'Plains, and the bridegroom-elect acted most generously, in ordering' tlie'best of everything for hi3 intended' and her father. In the morning the yourg lover was missing, nor has any tidings bdeu hoard of' him since. The father and daughcr, acting on iiiforination they received, immediately started for Inglewood, hoping there tb overtake the deceiver. In this they were deceived, and but iui 'iiiu iciTcui, guei ui Hie gin, wiu appears iu.. have'been most affectionately disposed 'towards lie'r errant lover, she might fairly be congratulated' on her escape from so heartless a fellow. — Jiigle- wood Advertiser. Belfast Rioters. — The occupation of the Liberal Committee Rooms, in Castle Lane, by a party of Roman Catholic roughs was renewed on Thursday'; and the clamors whioh wero raised; for payment for the work done on 'the previous, day were continued until evening, when it is understood the fellows were satisfied. The system adopted, it seems, was to give each of the hired peace breakers a ticket, called by the Pound Street boys 'a stone ticket,' from the: fact that it would entitle the holder to a payment' of 5s a-day for stone-throwing or other suoh , congenial work The scene in Castle Lane, therefore lets the public into Bome of the secrets of Liberal electioneering. The roughs would ! have been pai 1 promptly, it is said, b'ut that they . failed to make their way into the Court-house, it being part of tbe bargain that they should hold possession of the building at the nomination.' After thev left Castle Lano vesterdnv. thsv assembled in groups at Ba'rrrfck Street and Mill- ? field, and waylaid several respectable persons, whom they supposed to be Protestants. We are glad to be able to say that the provocation given ? to the Protestants by these acts, and by the wreck ?inst- of. Brown P.t.roW, i»aa jiul led to any retaliation. — Belfast Weekly News. Rowdyism in tiie House of Commons. — There have been more ' rows' in the house of Commons during the present session than in any two or three since the Reform Bill. In fact, rows, scandals, and personal alterca'tions s'eeiti to be tlie 'only things which can bring and keep the members together. The disorderly scene and unseemly noises that used to disarace the old. ti n-eformed House of Commons, have been ravived to a degree in this session which has exited much painful stiprise. If cock-crowing, donkey-braying, and goose-like sibilation have not been quite so much ordinary performances as they used to be in tlie olden time, a new spccies of cry has been iutrodiiced— 'hat of calling tipdn hon:. Members to sing. This to be sure, has been applied only to such members is Mr Whalley, who, no doubt, are bores ; biit that does not jdstify the HouSe in forgetting its -wn dignity. I have Known the House now for some years, and I confess I never saw such scetfes is have lately occurred. The periods befoi-e and ifter dinner are equally dreaded by quie't members, irho are anxious to do their duty arid perform .he work of the public. There is a certain class -f members who are distinguished by wearing ''aultless trousers, unimpeachable coits, aud waist :oatsof virgin purity, who seem to think that the ?vhole duty of a member of Parliment is to dine md make merry, and that all who interfere with ?hese occupations, by discussing public affairs at inconvenient hours; ought to bo put do\ir'n liy noise iefo e dinner, and still more so afterwards, when, .vith flushed fates and exhilarated spirits, they r :turn from table. Really, this is very disgraceful. ,nd should be taken note of by constituencies. — Illustrated Times Faumin-g on a Large Scale.— On Friday las^ says the San Jose Mercury, we visited the Murphy Ranch, a portion of whioh h tilled the present year by Professor Gates; of theSan Jose Institute. One would suppose that the Professor would have his hands full; to Cai-ry on a first class educational institution, with nearly 200 students, and a30,000 acre farm as one and the same time ; but with com petent afsistants, and his business ihoroUglily systemized. lio mann'iiges the whole with the regularity of clock-work. He hasi on his ranch twenty-five hundred acres of grain,' beside seven hundreds of hay. Sortie of his batlier sown graiu stands now at least three and a-lialf feet high, and is as link tliiclc as it can grow. One field of a thousand acres would astonish the opties of auy New England farmer.' He estimates tb'at this entire yield will riot fall far short of forty thousand sack's of one hundred p»ttnds each.^ To prepare this immense trade .f'r' seeding requirbd a service of about thirV'^e ^n and eighty, horses and rnu'les,' for three months.' It wilf t re quire sixty men/' -*o the harvesting. Tho work is all done.'1*''1 tll(3 ^oot improvgd machinery. For inf=Mli'ce- t'161'6 are on the ranch no less than ni^ gang ploughs, twenty- five waggons,' three headers, five mowers and reapers, ono splendid steam- thrasher, and other farming implements without nurabor. To form some idea of the ex pense attending the securing of this immense crop, we need only mention that the . sack's alone will cost about -§20,000.. We believe it is the largest track of land in the State tilled by one man. i A Self-Made Man. — Ono of those men who are an honor to Scotland, and who liavo greatly conduced to make S-otland what slip is, has just departed this life, in the fulness of years and of weh'th. Mr.'Tliomas Fair, of Busnos Ayres died in EJinWgh on'Friday last. Mr. Fair was a native of Coldstream, 'in Berwickshire, of humble biit respectable parents, by whom were im planted iu tlieir son's mind, from earliest ohilJ. hood, sound pricciples of religion and high in tegrity, uhbenditig independence, 'and untiring perseverence — thoss qualities by which Scotcli men bave ever been fonnd to work their course onward and upward in every part of the habit able globe. Mr.' Fair, at a very early ago,' indeed little beyond boy liobd, in going out as an emi grant to Buenos iyres, was shipwrecked off tlio coast of Brazil, and literally thrown upon tlie wide world and on tlio beach without a ^sixpence or a friend, destitute of everything but a^strong natural constitution an'd-'a 'determined, wclleon stituted, 'and weil-edueated mind ; clothes and everything he possessed We, re lost in the sliin. wreck, aiid but for the' charity of. 'a poor Brazilian woman he must have perished for want. The youth' then went to Btienos Ayfos, where, 'step by step, lie climbed' tho ladder of life,, and acquired a large fortuiie,and what is still moro valuable, the estoein and respcot of a laiige circle of friends in Buenos Ayres aud at 'home, whom .lie never Icel and the possession of whom cheered the last years of his l'fe. These yeorj he spint in the neighbourhood of Edidburgli, occasionally Visiting 'during summer his native'tow n of Cold stream.^Thcre a lasting monument to his memory was raised, as it we e, by anticipation, in 1863— a 'mechanics' institute ' — which, we may hope will remain for ages, and help many a'C ildsfr -atft boy 'to emulate t'li3 successful career of its founder and receive from its library and tlie lectures delivered there, lesson's of instruction whioh niav make them bless the name of Thomas Fair. Ho has left a large fortune, it is said upwards of £200,000 ; and has several sons, highly 'respecta ble meti, and all doing well, and following the good example set tliem by tlieji- futb'er— the oldest, Mr. John fair, a merchant, in London and a ..partner in the chief banking house ot Zimmermans, at Buenos Ayres, ub- well as Bue nos Ayreii'n cOnFjil in London. Ai other son is Dr. Fair, the ablest and largest pri otitioncr in the city of Buenos Ayr'ea's, whose humanity and benevolence are so great 'tjiat ft is said he would rather attend a poor person gratuitously than go and receive, the largest 'fpe fiom the wealthiest of his patients in that wealthy and prosperous country, now fast becoming one of the 'great fields of immigration for enterprising Scotchmen. — Scotsman. 