ROYAL SYDNEY YACHT SQUADRON, The Commodore, after considerable delay has suc ceeded in getting all his gear together, and there is a chance of the Alerte being underweigh this afternoon. The opening trip will be fixed early next week \- possibly for Saturday next. The remainder of the fleet are ready, a steamer will be placed at this dis posel of the Member and their families, and with fine weather, a brilliant day may be anticipated. There is considerable speculation as to the qualities of the new cracks, and any amount of anxiety to see the fleet together for the first time. The Vivid is daily coming Into favor, and the touts who have bean carefully watch ing her harbour trips, report a tug between her and the Era, when the Scotch Lass proved the truth of the old adage, that a stern chase is a long chase, entirely to the Vice-Commodore's satisfaction. It is reported that an offer has been made at home, on behalf of a young Member of the Squadron, for the famous Kilmeny, by the same builder as the Vivid. The Kilmeny is 80 tons, and no doubt the fastest of her size afloat, she will be a great acquisition to our fleet. THE BALL -The R.S.Y.S. held their annual ball at the Exchange on Thursday evening; His Excellency the Governer, Lady Young, and suite were present ; nearly all the officers from the several English and French men-of-war in the harbour; the Foreign Consuls, um about 350 others. It was a great success, and undoubt edly the best ball of the season. The rooms were very tastefully decorated by Walker, and the refresh ments provided by Campagnoni were all that could be wished. The Committee deserve every praise for the manner in which the affair was got up, and more par ticularly for the excellence of the wines, which generally on like occasions are selected more from price than quality. LA VIVANDIERE AND GITANA.-There is an old story extant of a navy officer, not very remarkable for his per sonal attractions, being stopped one day by an ill-favored fellow, who thrust into his hand a clasp-knife of huge dimensions, exclaiming at the same time, "Here, mate take charge of this, I have had it many a day, and I am d--d glad to find the owner at last." " What do you mean," says the officer." " Why," re plied the other, "I am bound to hand it over to the first ohap I come across uglier than myself.' In like manner I should imagine the owner of the Xarifa might now exchange compliments with the Thought - or rather La Vivandière, as she has been re-named. I don't happen to know Sheehy; but if providence has dealt as hardly with him in personal appearance as he has done with his vessels, it won't be long before the clasp knife finds its way to Woolloomooloo Bay. La Vivandière, before her alterations, was a sort of hybrid between the Australian and Xarifa ; tha alterations may have added to her size and comfort, but they have also added most unmistakeably to her ugliness. Most vessels, especially yachts, are built with graceful outlines pleas- ing to the eye ; and the famous English builders all vie with each other in producing handsome vessels; and although each builder generally carrys some pecu- liarity through all his vessels, yet it is not one of ugliness ; and very few old yachtsmen at home are in doubt at first sight about the build of any yacht they happen to come across ; and a Fyfe, a Hatcher, or Wan hill are as easily known as a brig from a schooner. Sheehy, however, has set the question entirely at rest as far as he is concerned; and no other builder is ever likely to borrow his laurels, or any one mistake his build for another's. Despite La Vivandiere, unyacht-like appearance, she is reported to go well, and with a very small sail bent last Saturday held a good tug with the Gitana beating to windward. It must be remembered that the Gitana was never famous for her weatherly qualities, and being considerably over-masted, seems never to do much with reduced canvass in a breeze-her great forte is smooth water, a light breeze, and all kites aloft, when she certainly does "skim the water like a thing of life." She is her owner's first command, and certainly in outward appearance does him every credit; but she has now more top weight than she was ever intended to carry. She was built for a light half-decked boat, to compete with Emma, Zephyr, and others of that class, and never intended to carry more than a single stick, with a light narrow-headed mainsail. It is a bad plan to build a boat, and afterwards convert her into a ship. Most old hands predict a blowy summer, and as we have already been favored with a black North-easter or two, and several old fashion- able Southerly busters, I hope the noddles of the Gitana's crew have the bump of caution strongly developed. The Gitana will however in my opinion, beat La Vivandier, nine times out of ten racing, taking all chances of the weather. Nor do I think Mr Oliver has gained anything by his alterations as the Thought; she was a good wholesome sea boat, roomy and com- fortable, and at all times saleable. Now he has a non- descript vessel, neither of one class or another, and for which, when he desires to make a change, he will find some difficulty in getting a customer. VANDERKEN'S GHOST. Tnn Pirn OAK RAOR.-Tim match between Connor and Donnelly and White and Day, for £50 a-side, was towed on Saturday lust; but unfortunately, in conse- quence of a dispute aa to conditions, tho right to tho money was not decided. On going to tho starting point, White and Day lodged nn objection to their oppon- ents on tho ground that their boat hud been altered con- trary to the articles ; but to this tho othors replied that the "boat was tho same, and that the wagor was not vitiated by tho alterations made in her. White and Doy therefore pulled tho race under protest ; and renewing their objoetion at its conclusion, it wns decided that the boat of Connor and Donnolly should bo put into the lame condition ns »ho was when tho match was mado : ind that tho men should row again ovortho samo ground in a wauk (this afternoon). So tho matter stands. Steamers will, as usual, lcavo' tho Circular Quay for the eeono of the race at two o'clock, to tako. persons who are anxious to reo tho contest; In tho race of lust Saturday, there waa but little to stamp either pair ns very suporior. Tho odds woro about 6 to 4 at starting on Connor mid Donnelly, who took tho lend at tho 'commencement and pulled in front nll the way-Whito and Day never com- ing very nenr them up to thc end of tho journey. The. oddi on tho final etrugalonro now very much in'favor'ôf Connor and Donnelly, tho general opinion seeming to bo ihat they cnn null over and round tho othor.< ; (jut there aro still a lew knowing. one- who believe in the pluck and muscle of tho ancients, and aro (Inn in their opinion thal Whito mid Day will make tho' others row falter tlinn ever thoy did before, aild beal thom even at that. Wo think, nt any rate,'I here will bo a good race, and really tho best men aro likely to win. This adjourn- ment is a nuisance to all tho men, as it of course in fiilent, and will conic tb tho scratch in oxrollcnt condition, .waacs thu expenses of training';'., but' both pair's aro con il.utitv WIIITB AND ifiOKBV.-At tho beginning of fte week we were informed by Whito that preliminaries wore being arrancad for a sculler's'match between him, tnd Hickey for .¿100 it-side'. £10 aside, wo understood, hid been posted; and that articles wero to be signed last ïuesday trotting, to pull over tho usual course on tho l'orrntnntt.i Uiver in out-riggors ; but as wo havo heard nothing from either party s'inoo, wo do not know whothor tho nir.tir hus been finally sottlcd.. Belts Life in Victoria has'.tho following:-RlcrUBD. OREEN* AND THU CUAMPIONSHIP-OF TUB THAMES.-Tba following is an extract of u loiter'mceirod from London: "What has become of your'champion' Boulier, Richard Oreen? A deposit was left at Bell's Life in London office to raakoamatch with any man' in-England. - Did he mean to row on tho Parramatta or tho Thames? If on th« former, I think ho will not find a nustomor, for'.Ch'ath-. bers would not nuccpt tho ehallcngo to row on eithor tho Tinnitus or Parramatta; Kolloy will row him on the Tlisnii'í, but. will pot go to Australia, though Dick; Ibo-, '?eve, oilers to low for n £1000, and allow £150 for ex- penses, to row on thu Parramatta. This is certainly avery .wolfer, but nouo.ofoUf níou'soóm willing to go to Aus-. tralin. There aro .many sporting gentlemen hero who would back Oreen if ho wero in England, und should he P»y a visit, I om cdnfidont of his BUCCOSS, for ho could alwuys lend Holley with.the,greatest ease. \ To ¿liow\ you in witut groat esteem ho ii held, I quoto tho following from Bell's Life in London, in analysing Chambers' matches :-'In 18G2 tho antipodes had sent; a. Bplondid representativo in tho person of R. A. W. Oreen, of New South Wales. Tho match carno ofT on tho 10th' Juno, »nen it will bo remembered thut Bob was nevor put to tho test BO severely in his lifo boforo. for Grcon led him .» though hu had some second or third-rato man bohind .iiui.' 'I hus it will bo seen that Dick ia thought highly oft And h arl llu n"t boon Butlering from a severo attack of dmrrhiou when ho rowed Ohuinbors, he would most undoubtedly havo won." LOVE.-A Yankee poet thus describes tito excess of his aovotion to his tnlo love: I BÚig her praise in poetry ¡' * ' ~ ',', y°e hur, ut itiorii mid Ovo, I orles whole piula of hitter tears, And " vipes thom off with my sleove." -c ? - 