DEMONS iF THEF l}Bi. We have exiantea the followring adverti~ ement from the Londuon dail parof tstean yema heneo' ' Tst, on weRalead evening, apmewacew bpteem m St. Jams's Hall and Haeover.aouare Ep ?,'by a J----? ], a little airy spirit. Answere, by?apaoh to then e ? f "Foggy Cloudt' Addraes, "Wait fp Me," Peote testarne, Ouford-street, W.. NonCao.--If tim gentleman who west'.ign to ?enido aRway a small faemiliar, by olering ita pieee.of.ilpln in Hyde Park, on SundayAoes not at onemret ito its dioneolate n mistrsashe inp~nt the uatterloOe hands of the electreo-biologiea pola e. • : The Spectral Hands Clob wll, meaet ain for season at Mr.. H. Walker's Brooms, P?tcadily, at i'd night on Thlureday next. . &roto;? r.-The epirit wlho oidvatantlykno ?ekai oi a gentlcman'speyeb? =hying .spetddzg trompgtl. hnm. e? the ? ,n ~re. --., .ss?Ll?,?i?. ?? beet apologies. Its only eonse is` h atod - on its tail, which it has now had eat ofa, so that al lar accident annot oncr sagain. We Wae BDx YoVl--~eL WPlwahflthhi w an elderly lady,%f not parteoalarly goodphrer , to4 fend of sats, to eompletea party."?idrm Dromeo stk, oppoite Mr. 8purgeon's Tabemsaat - Bnpararfya . A rxs.-The beat w?wi, ihtad hands,Sying jew'hsarps, automaton goite, ieli mueaietop, ghost enoker, enlohainteld "ia raap rent paper, phosphorne penoUl, sad other tealui t?u aiw to be hlad ehe?pss$ and beat at oo' Gheatly R.]epesito and Mart of Magic, Barbican. I.B.L-A female mdin instruotar ladies. Lord Tomnoddy bega to intimate tolhis acbiteauai friends that them will be no pmoe .mouuaieiaio In Gromsvenor'equare until the return of ady Tommaoddy from tle lanatle eajium, to whioh it hiu beenteaaieary to remove leer Ladyelip. Henry I-Why wold yon not ppear atthbe mediam' afectionate all on Monday night t waever takindL I want to neak yon anoh a numbr of qoe mna?and part.le.arly what ye did awith the eeventy?opund? e' m tioned in yur wi, baut .wbolal we cemnot nd iMa,-iha We diseovred the piuk note~. Oh,.yoebad gbest" Bat oil ahsal be fergiven. if you will appear end n: where tse money s.--eour iinsolable widowr, oty. Bemember, nine rpa, and "Sweet Spiritlhear my Prayer," on the enordion. The magic gibb, withoit whiou? no gentleman san now enter a drawing-room, van be had only at Beaveri Dam's esteblihbment, Regen?toteet. It flies one thae room, squoeaking, and retuorns to tt??wer. All the other hattrs are mad about its illustati? g the uaying, "Mad as a hatter.'" William Shakspeare, of Stratfordupon.Avon, dra matiset, has promised to appear at Msn. Gibbhy'jdme on saturday0 and will'dictate a neweenaleo hir tra?dy of "Hamlet." Gin and other refreehmate in theb parlour. Wipe your ihoe. A CA~n.-T-Jim Mawley, who will be faced by the Nobby Bellowser, reminds his friends of the harmonio - meeting on Suanday evening next, at Cook Phantom 'Tvern. Some spirits of departed "Pag," inaeluding Mondoaa and Clhicoken, are eapeoted to attend andpita$h inlto the meeting. Pipes, bsoy, and "spirits ofanthebr sort," Shakepeare-hem! PraegrocrE.-Nithmeraus robberies oonstetlytak place at Spirit 'Wnrees when tie lighte amre extinguished, the police advise persons attending enob prformnoee to pick terir own pohete in their dreeing-ooma before going. Scotland Yard. WAnuINn.-The lady who seized aid detained the Hand whichl woo placing a wreath on her head at Herr von Cagliostro'a, on Wednesday night, is known i aid if she does not restore it without seaing .aythig .to anybedy, nd with the asnhinery uninjoreds dapt ' which the spirits have made about le early lifawill be conveyed to tholse who are interested in knowing aome. thing about her. Tresblo and obey. The Ghost of IMoart will be called up at tihe Maica Phantom Association Meeting on the let instant, and will play somevariations on the saupernatrsl musia in "Don Giovanni." It is requested that the two gentlemen who onseeyed a lay in strong hystene from the Apparition Hall on lase .aturday will ahy nothing of what the stated during her excitement. There was some mistake-her bmllber was hot drowned, as alleged by the spirits, but has re turned withl a wife and many nuggets. .Cara. Dzssoaawroo ow PAoTNEBnrP. --The partnership heretofore existing between Endor Trick and Grimm Diddler, epiritualiete, has been disaolved bysonsent of Mr. Justice Sterne, who has soentened the former to seven years aid a flogging, and the letter to the Siberisa penal settlement for lire. Central Criminal boout, October, 1874. 