MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. The Shah's Jewel-eoom.— In such a show of gems as seemed to realize the wonders of Aladdin's lamp, the eye was too much dazzled and the memory too confused for description to be possible, isut l remember tnat at the back ot all was the Kaiania crown, and on either side of it two Persian lambskin caps, adorned with splendid ligrettes of diamonds. The crown itself was shaped like a flowerpot, with the small end open, md the other closed. On the top of the crown was an uncut ruby, apparently without flaw, is big as a hen's egg. In front of the srown were dresses covered with diamonds mi pearls, trays with necklaces of pearls, rubies, and emeralds, and Borne hundreds of liamond, ruby, and turquoise riugs. In front of these again were gauntlets and belts covered with pearls and diamonds, and conspicuous among them the Kaianian belt, about a foot deep, weigh ing perhaps IS lbs., and one complete mass of pearls, diamonds, emeralds, aud rubies. Still nearer to us stood a drinking bowl completely Rtudded with enormous jewels, a tray full of foreign orders set in brilliants, and in front of all lay a dozen swords, one or two of which are worth a quarter of a million each. Along with these were epaulettes covered with diamonds, and armlets so contrived that tbe brilliants revolved, and kept up a continual shimmer.— Diplomatic Residence in Persia. The Sybarite and the Tortured Isdiak.— Let us picture to our mind's eye a pam pered Syiurite, nursed in all the wantonness of high-fed luxury, dallying on a downy sofa, amid all the gorgeousnesB or ornamental tapestry, listening to the soft sounds of sweetest music playing in his ears; his eyes satiated with pleasure 111 contemplating the enchanting pictures that deco rate the walls, and the beautiful statues which in pleasing variety fill up the distant vistas of his palace; whose rest would be broken, whose happi ness would be spoiled, by the doubling of tne highly-scented rose-leaf that lies beneath him on his silken couch. Let us by the magic power of imagination transport this man to the gloomy depths of an American forest, where the dazzling glare of a bright fire instantly meets his eye. _ If he dwa not forthwith ignominious!)' expire at the first view, suppose him to survey the characters who compose or fill up the busy scene around it. The barbarous savages of one tribe have taken captive the chief of another engaged in deadly hostilities with them. They have not impaled him alive. That would he to consign him too speedily to unhearing death. But they have tied him fast with bands made of the long and lithe forest gross, which yields not iiuickly to the fire. They have placed him beside the pile which they kindle with fiendish satisfaction and feed with cautious hand, well knowing the point or pitch to raise it to, which tortures but not speedily consumes. They have exhausted all their energy in uttering a most diabolical yell, on wit nessing their victim first feel tbe horrid proofs of their resentment, and now seated on the grass around, they look on in silence. The chief stands firm, with unflinching nerve ; his lone eyelashes are scorched oft', but his proud eye disdains to wink; his dark raven locks have all perished, but there is not a wrinkle seen on his forehead. From the crown of his head to the sole of his foot his sLin is one continued blister, but the courage of his soul remains unshaken, and quails not before the tor menting pain. The Sybarite has expired at the mere sight; his craven heart has ceased to beat The Indian hero stands firm. There is cvun a smile on his sadly marred cheek, and it is not the smile which is extorted by excruciating pain, and forms the fit accompaniment of a groan ; but he smiles with joy as he chants his death-Bong. He thinks with pride and joy on the heroic deeds he lias performed ; how he has roamed from sunset to sunrise through the forest depths, and changed the sleep of his foemen into death. He beholds on all sides dancing around him tbe noble spirits of his heroic ancestors; and nearest to him. and almost he imagine^ within reach of his embrace, he sees the ghost of his father, who first put into his hand and taught him the use of the sualping-knife and tomahawk, who has come from the heavens far beyond the place of mountains and of clouds tn quaff the death-song, and to wejeometo the land of the great hereafter the spirit of his unde generate son. The chief is inflamed with a glorious rapture that exalts him beyond the sen sation of pain and conquers agony. -He holds nn nnrlev with unmanly faaii The son of Alcnomon has ceased to endure ; He consented to die, hut he scorned to corn -' Christopher AVM.' A Memoir of Joltn Wilson, by his daughter, Mrs. Otrdon. The I'lain of Niort.— Its Breed of Moles.— All Pranoe is supplied from here with that fine breed of useful and hardy animals. The lam is always the mare. Here in pasture en closures, separated from each other by low railings, were many mares, with their mule foals. The marcs looked well-bred, picked animals, and the roali were fine, large, long, young thins*, tall and strong, ihe courier told me that these mule colts cannot be left at grass with their dams beyond eight months. Alter that age they become very wv?.fe, and are extremely difficult to catch in the pastures. They will attack people like wild beasts. Once in the stable always in the stable -they can never be let out again. Once In the stable, they soon become very docile, easy to manage with a little care, hardwurkiug and enduring, and more economical than horses. Mules do all the farm work of the plain. I saw teams of them at work everywhere as we passed along. At one place a man was ploughing with two of theae fine animals. How different was all this front the Bocage, where all tho ploughing was done by oxen —six, and even eight to one plough. In the plain they did not require to plough detp. These mules bred on the plain are said to be. never very safe for Raddle. In other countries, in Spain and in the East, they are used uuite as much for riding as for draught. Tho breejJW of them on the plain, and particularly round Niort, is carried, on upon a large scale, as it pays the fanner well to breed them for salei a three-year-old mule selling for a thousand francs.— Wanderer in Western France How to Get Alo--q. — We havo aoroe suggestions to. offer which will enable our readers to get through life in the most easy and com fortable manner. If a bee has the audacity and folly to sheathe hu sting in your cuticle, justice demands that you should instantly upset the hive wherein the offender has his headquarters, and exterminate every boe therein. If a dog bites you in the calf of your leg. stern justice demands that you should bite the dog in the calf of hrc lex. On the same principle, if an irate donkey rudely elevates his hinder lees aeainst you, the true wav is to kick back. If a horal falls upon you. the sublime principles of the iu: taMonix require that you should fall upon the horse. If Jncrgs calls you a liar, the treatment is to call him a liar and a thief into the tari.-a.in. If you are a fanner, and a nejghbwr'ft cow happens to yet into ynur vouus coin, your instant modo of obtaining salisfavticfl 13 to turn all your oob-h, hops, &c.; into Ins corn. By following out these sublime ideas of justice and self-respect, your daily life will be full of sweet peace, and you will eventually Income as docile and playful as a kitten.— .4 inencanPaptr^ Something like Farmiso.— One erf the speaker* at the recent meeting of the Wilton Agricultural Society said he had lately been on a visit to Mr. Alderman Meohi a;4 he met there a farmer indeed— a Mr. Oampiiell. who farms H.400 acres of his own; he had. 11.000 sheep and 1,20' head, of cattle.; neilately sold hia wool for £10, WK) bpu«ht it haelc for £11,000, and sold it again for £12, 00. That gentleman told him that he bought £10,000 worth of oil-cake. at a time; and spent £98,1.00 in draining, and covered up 26 million d tiles, This was something like farming. Stkoxo REcoMMENDATioy.— A mann . facturer and vendor of quack medicines recently wrote to a mend for a strong recommendation of his (the manufacturer's) ' balsam.' In a few days he received the following, whlcn we call pretty strong :— Dear Sir— The land composing this farm has hithsrto been so poor that a Scotchman could not get a living on' it, and so stony that we had to slice out potatoes and plant them edgewise; btlt» hearing of }-our balsam, I put some on the comer pf a 10-acre% field, surrounded by a rail fence, and in the morning I found that the rocks had entirely disappeared, a neat stone wall encircled the field, md the rails were splitinto firewood, andpiled sym metrically to my back-yard. I put half an ounce in the middle of a huckleberry swamp, and in two [lays it was cleared off, planted with corn nnd pumpkins, and a row of peach trees in full blossom through the middle. As an evidence of its tre mendous strength. I would say it drew a striking likeness of my eldest son out of the mill-pond, drew a Mister all over his stomach, drew a load of potatoes four miles to market, and eventually drew a prize of $90 in the lottery.' Advertising.— A French editor litw given the following amusing description 0! the effect of an advertisement:— The first time a man sees an advertisement he takes no notice of it; the second time he looks at the name : the third time he looks at the price; the fourth time hi reads it; the fifth he speaks of it to his wife ; the sixth time he buvs. Whooping Cough. — It appears that 12.272 persons died from whooping cough in 1802. During a recent visit to Sweden, I noticed in the most respectable Swedish journals a statement to the effect that whooping cough could be cured by inhaling the air from the purifying apparatus in gasworks. One Stockholm writer added— 'This knowledge we have had for two or threo months. I know a family where three children were cured by three visits to the purifying house. Our inont distinguished physician for the diseases of children. Professor Abelin, has found the remedy equally effective on a patient of his own family. I hare seen a boy of three to four years of age cured by six visits, the first three only lasting ten or fifteen minutes; the latter, on the contrary, thirty or forty-five minutes.— Letter in the Times. Oxygen as a Ccrativk Agent.— At a scientific meeting in Paris, recently, a (singular paper was read by Dr. Foley, in which the writer recommends a high atmospheric pressure ax a cure for various diseases. Dr. Folev remarks that mountaineers ore obliged to breathe more quickly than men inhabiting the plains, because the air is more rarificd and therefore affords less oxygen nt a breath than the denser air. Conversely, therefore, if a patient be in want of more oxygen than he can get under the ordinary pressure, lcthim be exposed to an atmosphere rendered artificially denser. This can be done by constructing a small chamber communicating with a forcing-pump, and provided with an air-gauge and safety- valve. By this treat ment catarrh, asthma, and complaints of tho respiratory organs may be removed : and in disorder* arising from weakness, compressed air will arteria lize the blood, and increase the vital power of the patient. Ostrich Farming. — The CMwrgAd- ' rertiser, a Cape paper, of Novemlwr 4, says :'— ' la a former number we informed our rcadeis that the Messrs. von Maltite hod commenced forming with ostriches. We have just been informed that the birds verify the most sanguine expectations that had been formed with regard to this kind of farming. The ostriches cost originally £5 eacli. and were purchased about a year ago. Lust April they were plucked, each yielding hal/ a pound of feathers. They are now, in October, ready for being plucked again, and will probably yield, as before, an average of half a pound. They arc kept ' in an enclosure of 150morgen of land, and it seems that this space is sufficient for double the number. A hundred ostriches might be kept in an endusure of 500 morgen, and would yield a profit, after making large deductions for contingencies, of £1,500 a year, or £15 for each bird. We say nothing at present of the increase; and astonishing as the present figures seem, it is not uu'ikely, aa the 17 ostriches are all young, that a year or two hence, the results may lie still more surprising than those which have already been obtaiued.' l It will l«e within the knowledge of rrost Sputh Australian farmers that there are ostriches in tho Adelaide Botanic Garden which seem to thrift) in our climate exceedingly well. It is evident that they might be as easily bred and kept here as at the Cnpe. Effect of Railways on Incubation.— A strong suspicion is afloat that the constant habit of riding in railway carriages must lie injurious to the brain and the nervous system of man, and there is something like coljateral evidence of this sup posed fact m the effect of the vibration on tne incubation of fouls in France. It is found that in the hen-houses situated very near railways hatch* ing is extremely difficult, and thnt vast Humbert) ot ejtgs yield very few cliickeiin, and this is attributed, with every shotr of reason, to the vibrations of the earth, which, of course, are the moie intense and of longer duration in proportion to the length of the train and its specu, and the proximity of the. line of rails. VVhat is to ke done with Seweiuob ? —This important xubject occupies the attention of town cpiuuiiKStoners and u^mcuUutikU, Tlnj desire of the former is to get rid of it lit any cost, under the idea tlmt in all Klatus the diluvium mishit from it is prejudicial to health. The hitter arc nnxicus to use it ok u manure to incrcuso the proituce of the hind. Though drains may lx- extiemely digiigtecuble, it does not alnuys follow that the locality in which they exist is unwhole some. Much depends upon the manner in which the fluid has been treated. If kept closed up itt cesspools, without access to the uir. the noses, generated are dangerous to humnn life, and thvit escape in or near inhabited houses iniuht nroduoe fever; but the liquid passing through drains, ax 14 running htreitin, would nn doubt be offensive to the Rose, yet changed in its dcletcrioux uropt'ttics, ami comparatively innocuous. It is not the strong perfume proceeding from common drains or, manure that engenders disease-, havr damn situa tions throwing oil' vapours which aro not per ceptible, or scarcely so, to the olfactory nerve*, are more insidious than a goou honest farmyard compost, about which thero can be no mistake iu regard to sniell, Needless alarm is often created by apparent danger, where real mischief is overlooked, Deodo rizing sewerage is both difficult and expensive, aud in its natural state, tn he remunerative m a dress, ing for green crops, the necessary quantity seems fabulous, and proves the value of the refuse to lie small, unless extravagantly employed in pnint of measure. V.un liquid inuuure l-e profitably uictj on arable luiul / it appears so from experiments tried iu a garden. Carrying thu contents on to grass land :iot having answered the puriwe anti cipated on a former occasion, iu the wring of lh*-4, iKiforc turning over the muck-heap, preimrinu for mangold and potato planting, it was well uttu rated with manure- water. Tho result was most satisfactory. In spile of tho dry Kiiiinner mnl autumn the crops were li'ic, the potatoes a capital sample, and the mangotl abundant. From t!it«,» facts it may be presumed that the Itcueficial eti'ecU in the pardon and on the niunurc-heap wore caused by the rapid absorption of tlu soluble salts, ami the failure 011 the grass would proba'ily be in cnri-t sequence of immediate evaporation on laud, no) broken up.— 'Falcon,' in Agricultural -\\-ixlte\ Tan for Potatoes . — A foruiet 0$ Troyes, haying remarked that while, tlie'cholm was raging in that town, soino yyara ago, the In habitants of every house in, \h/i. aefghbourhood of tan- yards escaped thu divnse, has turned li\4 observation to profit us to tho cultivation of vbe, potato. Pi c vious to planting his potatoes he takea ashovelfujoftitn, which he throws into the nplft, The whole of a held thus manured vf'ikk Ian \\\^% produced a mugnificent crop, whilst an adjoining tract of laud, which has not undergone this pre paration, has on'y yielded, diseased roots. It appears that potatoes, aftci being gathered, and placed in a cellar containing tan, are equally pre« served from dUease.-iJaW* Letter. A meeting of master printem, engraven*. lithographers, and account-book maker* wv con vened at the Albion Hotel, yesterday afternoon for the purpose of taking into consideration matters of importance relating ta their respective interests. Borne 25 or 30 etatlemen connected with the trades mentioned were present, and Mr. W. H. Williams was called to the chair. }he Chairman, in atatirui the objects for wlikh the. meeting had lwc-n called, mentioned thnt, uoyr. Ui« tariff was under ducussion, it hod teen, thought a good time t-- try to get a slinro ctf protection by the imposition of import duties upon the articled wnicn weir iraucs wore engaged in producing* In showing the extent of the interests concerned he mentioned as a {act that the value of the prinlert stationery imported by one large warehouscW firm for itx own use amounted to £500 or £600 pet annum, The need for the encouragement which, an import duty would atlord had long been felt, but it became more urgent than ever now, a* the operation of the tariff proposed would Iks to in crease the cost of theclothlng and other nw eswrfc of the workman, which would have to V'cnm pensated by an iwreauc of pay. He »Prgwted i* a fair amount for the proposed «-*;, lOortfwr iSlhJ^ ?? °- ^vcf,thou8^^arthrPro3o^. tion was4an impracticable on*. it wou]d be {Hfflcult to fix any hraiu to Iu option. Mr LnnTwbo was about to start f\ taper-mill, would want a duty on PaPfr» newspaper proprietors might desire to get ajnmport duty imposed upon the Home Ifewt, and similar publications. He believed that the public would look with great disfavour upon the proposition to impose a duty upon any printed Im ports. Mr. Firth also thought the movement was quite uncalled for, and believed that if the advan tage desired could bo obtained, it would have to be given up again within 12 months. Better, hft thought, would it he if the memlwrs of the trade were to rob' upon the application of energy to their work, and the adaption of such machines am) improved modes of manufacture on were being continually brought out in Englanu If these weie trusted to instead of seeking the merely temporary aid of protection, he thought that in three or fuir years the trade would us put on a solid basis, and imports sufficiently excluded. In support of his argument, he quoted his twelve years experience as a colonial manufacturer, and mentioned that his firm was now paying £160 weekly in waoes alone. It waa at length moved by Mr, Blanchard, and seconded by Mr. Sheperd, that the meeting considered the present a fit oppwt tunlty to take such steps as were feasible fo* the protection of the various branches of tho Trades connected with letter-progs, copper-rjiite, an-l lithograph printing, bookbinding, Sec,, against tho large importations of printed and. manufacture^ stationery. The resolution being put, the vote was lost. Some desultory oonvernation followed, but this, in fact, concluded the business ot we meeting.— Argus, January 88. Hearing a physician, remark that a small blow will bn-ak the nose, a rustic standing by ex claimed ' Well, I dunno. 'bout that I have blowed my noRe a great many times, aud I have nev*r broke it V' - You can't do too much for yo-r. em ployers, man, said somebody to a Rtry#K- backed, Jock of-all-work at the docks the other day, 'Arrah, Ite ialiers,' replied Pat, with erophasfr, 'neitherwillltry.' A Quiet Hint. —BoMou. gont gives lady,., his scat in a crowded car. In a few moments saj s ' to lady. 'Did you speak?' Startled lady b:i-«, 'No!'1 Boston, gent sayg, 'Excuse me. Thought you said, 'Thankee.'' Not Very Polite. — A lady haviug spoken sharply to Dr. Parr, apolopizwl In mjiiik, 'Itw the privilege of woman to talk nonsense. The doctor replied, 'No, madainc, it w not their privilege, but their infirmity. Ducks would walk if they could, but Nature sutlers them only to waddle.' As an illustration of one of tho effeut.t of the great drought which has ruined the turnip crop and burned un tho pastures in Kngland. we heard the other (lay of ;v Scotch dt'aler who, ia dtivinjj a herd of cattle to the English market, bad to pay £ti Ilk for water for them for a single night, ' Ayr Advirltser, 