THE NEGRO QUESTION. It was to a former generation that Washing- ton Irving told the remarkable story of Rip Van Winkle ; but it is just as good for us as for our fathers, We often see somebody wandering about in the world of to-day ; and bewildered, at all he sees, because he 'has only the ideas of a former age wherewith to interpret it. ' A' már velloÙs specimen of this state of mind was sup- pled to us last week in' a leading article of a contemporary, on the character and destiny of tho hegro at höme and abroad; and especially in the Western Hemisphere.--The dissertation was grounded on the idea of tho negro which was originated by the West India planters, at a time when West India planters were supposed, throughout Europe, to be the true oracle on the subject. Nobody could know the negro so well : so what they said was believed in, as a matter of course ; and it is argued from that representation as if we had not since had better means of judging for ourselves. Tho negro we were told, was lazy, and would work only on com- pulsion ; he was sensual, and would never care for anything beyond the gratification of his bodily appetites. If free, he would ruin the planter ; he would squat in the wilds ; he would never understand by freedom anything but liberty to bask in tho sun, and live and die like a beast. He could not learn, and he would never try. It is now above thirty years since this account of the negro began to be tested by ex- perience ; the representation, is proved false in all its ' particulars ; and yet the public are addressed by a great and leading journal as they might be by the ghost of a West India planter, who left the world before the memorable date of Emancipation." ' The case is worse; for our con- temporary pretends that tho false account has teen true throughout the whole interval. It is not true, in "the first place, that the people of England are more or less ashamed or doubtful about tho experiment of emancipation. We did the best we could to abolish, and make reparation for a great sin, and we see reason to to contented with our success under the circum- stances. It is not true that emancipatión' ruined thc West Indies generally, and Jamacia in par- ticular. It is enough to point out that such ruin äs there has been was provided for long before, when tho land of Jamacia was mortgaged beyond its value—years before slavery was abolished ; and that the accomplishment of such ruin as there was is the fault of the planter, and not of the negro. It is not true that the negro would not work, He and his wife and children 'were willing to work, and did work, on the plantations wherever fair terms were offered, and engagements were fulfilled. Parents were ever anxious to have their children employed on ' tho estates ; but when no proper shelter was provided for them, and when the miserable wages offered were left in arrear for weeks' and mouths, there' was no cholce but to keep the children at .home,- and .employ them on their fathers' land; sending- them to ino school initne evenings; anet to tue chape on Sundays, provided -by- tho earnings of tin parents, fió far from its being true that thi negroes "ffoiild not work, ' they! rapidly g'atherei comforts about them-houses, good clothes, land implements, horses and mules, and means' o education and worship. So far from inclining-1( squat in tho wilds,' they .showed themselves to bi of a gregarious temper, ambitious and vain, font of society and a populous neighbourhood, fond o .fine clothes, and of social display, and. vcr; shrewd as to depositing the money they saved They were, willing to endure, and to sacrifice much in order to keep up their connexion, witl tho old estates and tlio old masters ; but it wai too much to expect them to work for 9d. or ls a day, and to wait lçng for the payment, nnd tc go' without decent accommodation, arid beai contumelious treatment, when thoy could make linlf-a- crown or five shillings a doy on their owr or a neighbour's land, living the whi o in theil comfortable homes., Such was the state of thing; intho:daysof tho ruin'' of tho West India planter. But, for some time past, there was no excuBo for talking of ruin at all. ' Spendthrift families have gone down there; as they go down everywhere. Estates .mortgaged in tho palmy days of slavery, and not redeemed by the com- pensation money given thirty years ago, are of course in other hands ; but the returns from tho sugar estates show a far larger production than in tho old days, after having had to get' over .the exhaustion of the soil, which is the natural con sequence of a system of slave labour. ? Of the dishonesty and absurdity of grouping St. Domingo and Trindad with Jamaica (omitting Antigua) no exposure is needed here. The old conception of the negro is of course intended for application to the present ^case of tho Cotton States of America, and this not only in tho way of prophecy of- disaster to come, but aa a description of tho existing state of affairs. Tho condition of the planters is no doubt melan choly enough, but it is not true that tho quality of tho negro mind and character has anything to do -with it. The planters staked their all on the chances of their revolt, and they have lost. They have, generally speaking, no money, no stock or implements, no slaves, and no means of maintaining them if they had them. But it does ' not follow that production must cease, nor that tho negroes must be idle, nor turn vagabonds. Their emancipation operates the other way, according to tho evidence which accrues from day to day. Lessees, to whom tho planters havo committed their estates for a term, report that they find it necessary to take more land in ^proportion to tho labourers they have engaged. They reckon on obtaining from tho negroes less than the old amount of work ; whereas tho freud men accomplish one-third more. At Port Royal, after tho most able-bodied of tho 18,000 negroes had been withdrawn by hundreds for military service, tho remainder raised food for tho whole number, and cotton enough to pay the expenses of tho settlement, and sent 40,000 dollars more to tho Treasury at Washington. Two thousands acres of land were purchased ly negroes out of their surplus earnings of n single season. Within six months of tho deílj nito emancipation of tho slaves in tho West, . seventy plantations were in full work along the . Mississippi, all the labourers, andsomoof the owners and lessees, being freedmen. When tho Savings Bank Bill for Freedmen was passing through Congress last winter, tho'cflicers at Port Royal wcre taking care of no loss than 70,000 dollars, tho earnings of negro labourers m that district alone. : The well- known black Captain Small, of tho steamer Planter has 30,000 dolT lars of his own earning invested m. government securities. Wo might fill'a column with parti^ culars of tho industrial niorits and prosperity of tho freod people whom the advocates of slavery declare to be incapable of toil when released from tho lash ; but we have said enough, lt docs not follow that there is not a grievous "amount of suffering and need.' There is so much dislocation of 'industry, so much helplessness from sickness; age; and the overcrowding of par- ticular stations, that all the efforts of tho freed- men's friends are needed -for- their- rescue ; but "it is-not- the whip that 'their case: :demands, nor any subjection to Southern- whites-proud or "means.'The suffering is temporary, and continually lessening as more and more persons/ of all classes and complexions, turn to the land, and as the intelligence of tho people of colour becomes developed and trained. 'There is plenty of land; there, are competitors bidding for it.from all quarters ; ' and there aro labourers, European and native, white and black; ready to go to work upon it. It Will take some time for all the ele- ments to settle down into their places ; but the ultimate prospect is.of a larger and moré profit ab'e production, better distributed than has ever been seen thero yet. ..' ' ! Once more tho latest Rip van Winkles shakes his head. All hope, of the negro " is futile " indeed,"' because he is a freed negro. The American slaves are more ignorant and foolish than our slaves ever were, and the more barbar ous for inhabiting so vast a territory.' They will 'squat, and plunder, and burn mansions, till .they have ruined everybody,' and then they will them selves perishout of the land. We have heard all this before, and it ¡was certainly to happen immediatoly after tho issue of President Lincoln's proclamation of freedom. Since that time these people have working and earning, getting edu ' cated in schools, and. becoming interested in political events and questions ; and why they should take to plunder and incendiarism after all it is not easy to see. Tho thing that is most 'easy to see is that they are superior in intelli- gence and culture to their poor white neighbours ; that it is for tho interest of the whole of tho Southern society that they should have the rights of citizenship on the same terms as their neigh bours : and that they have proved their' fitness for that order of duties exactly in proportion a* they have had opportùnity. What' does our Rip of to day think of the freedmen of Eastern: Virginia in the recent election, when, being denied access to tho polls, and having duly pro- tested to the proper officers, they repaired to their own meeting-houses, and their deposited their ballots and registered their votes, in a clear foresight of a happier day ? No " leading" journal in London or elsewhere, need afflict itself with, tho awful " question" what the American negroes are to live on. They will live on the produce of their own industry, in a way far more satisfactory to themselves and profitable to their neighbours than any tribe of slaves that ever existed. -Daily News, August 10. I CHARGE OF ^MURDER »MANCHESTER.-Afc tho Man- chester assizes, on Safcurdiy, before' Mr.' Jnatico Montagne Smith, Miohael QiSHa, alia)., Karlin, waa oharged with havin», afc Manoheiter, on tho 25th of Fobrnaryi wilfully aud'of malice aforethought murdered Fanny Connor. Mri Sowle'r, Q. C., prosecuted, and Mr. Tarr defended tho prisoner. Tho prisoner- had bean cohabiting with Connor about ten years. I Ajout a month beforo tho mordor, Connor lefc the prisoner and lived a week with a. man named Farr. She had returned (o the prisoner; and on tho Saturday sight in question ibo went into a spirit vault nt tho corner of Spinning Field, in Déánréate, far advanced in liquor. Slio there saw I l'arr, tvüo asked uer to nave some Brandy, öüo was not anxious to have it, and'ho pressed her. They remiined until dosing'time, midnight, whoa thoy. went to a hanse of ill repute rn little Quay-str.et. kepi by Samuel Lucas, with whom they bargained to remain there that night. They sat at the fireside in a room occupied by Lucas m a titling-room and bodroom. Lucas waa in bed ; his wife and their servant, Mary Ann Davis, woro ap. Thc serrant fetch ¡d ale. for don nor and Parr. Connor com- plained of cold, and tho poker was put in the firo to warm tho ale, A few minates:afterwards the priEonor oamo into the house, rushed into tho room, and with a knifo aimed a blow at the head of Parr, who warded it off, and reosived a wound in the fleshy part of lbs' left 1 'arm. Parr cscsiped'from the room, and Giblin seized tho poker and struolc Connor twice on the head. She was intoxicated ; she' fell off the chair, and, holding tho Coker in both hands,- he struck her several times on tho t ody j 'hor head was protected by being: under a chair, j Tho police having como in. Connor-was taken oa a ; strotoher to the infirmary, where, in a few days, she diel from pleurisy, caused by the injuries Blt o bad j smtaired by a blunt instrument, Before her death, 1 Connor made a étalement in , which sha said sbo was ' intoxicated. Tho judge,- in summing up, said tho two \- ciaosttons wore whether tho woman aiod of inj aries 'inflicted by tho prisoner, and if so, «bother the offence . waa murder or manslaughter. . If ho went with tho i intontion to kill tho woman it would be murder, if be acted under a sudden .impulso of passion it wouU.be manslaughter. Tho jury retire J, and, after an absence of twonty minutes, thoy found tho prisoner guilty of m inslaughter. Tho judge said it was fortunato for tho prisoner that ho so far refrained his patsion that ho did not use the knife upon tito deceased, otherwise tho jory oiulJ hardly have acquitted him of murder. Ho believed tho prisoner was actuated by sudden passion, \- and did not intend ti kilt tho woman. Ho bsd hesitated who'her ho should adjudge the prisoner penal ecrvitude for lifo, but ho thought lío might so far mitignto the punishment as to ten ence U'.m to twonty yann' pinal servitude. . .' . A DISREPUTABLE CLBHOTMAX.-Thc individual in quostion, a member of an aristocratic family, was at tiret iri the arm«-. Ho quitted it when very young, and was, without anv preliminary studies, ordainod to tho Church by tba Bishop of Cork, at the special request of tho Duko of York, an intimato friend of tho candidate's' father. It is Enid ho was first appointed to an Irieh curacy, hut, if so, bo did not hold it long, for in tho same year he was ordained deacon and priest (wbioh> was utterly irregular,) and was presented to the rectory of Cuten, in YorkBhiro, worth £420 a year, and again, in thc same year, to the vicarage of WresEO1, in the simo county, worth £160 a year, by tho predecessor of GulonelWyndhum, who was patron of thoso livings. Throe years afterwards, ho was presented by tho Crown to tho Deanery and Reatory of St. Buryan, in Cornwall worth £1600 n year, and afterwards lo tho adjoining parishes of St. Loton and St. Som in. AU theso live livings he held till tho time of his death. To hold such a position in the Churoh without a University degroe was constilorod undesirable, and he was admitted ut onoe M. A. of Cambridge, in right of nobility. Once in possession of tho funds arising from these appointments, tie paid not tho slightest attontion to tho dutioi they entailed on him, but livod the lifo of a " fast man about town." Ho is said to have prcaobod only ono Bjrraon during tho ha'f century ho held tho: fire livings, and that ho bought for a few shillings. Ho was'soon separat d from a lady whom ho had married, and tic thon oppoars to havo given up all protenco ta thé behaviour of a rainiitor of religion. Ho bcoinio no,t, only a notorious mombor of tho turf, but so openly associated willi a certain olaBs of women ai to oreuto oonsidcrablo scandal. Buring tho timo Lnporto wits managor of tho Italian Opora House; this gentleman, with the lato'Marquis of Hertford and a few others 'of his stomp, was a'noug tho most liberal protectors of tho corns do ballet. Ho hud ono virtuo certainly-ho was no hypocrite. Thorn was no concealment nbout him. .All his transaction!! connected with tho opera, woro porfeotlj woll known ; but tho most singular fnot con noctoJ wi h his career was that it seemed to excito hut little itnimndvcrsiqi), Night altor night among tho aristocracy iras he io ho seen iii n' box at tho opora, gonerallytu thosocio'y ofsorao opera-dancer,ntintervals visiting, apparently on tho most friendly tornis, in oth-r ,boxes, whoso Inmates had tho. reputation, of high respectability. Ho was ospceiolly oil on seen in tlie opera-box and in tho scoioty of a nobleman, whose [.reputation foraevority In moran wa? groat,and woo was 1 ono of tito largest hofdors of Church patronage in tho county. During tho whole of his lifo his. thrco livings woredi«graoofully neglected, and dissent possessed itself of his'Hicks, lío is now doid; tho doanory is noir abolished ; und his livings aro in tho hands of clergymen who conscientiously poif jrp their Julio?, lt will ho Innir. Iinwnvor. bäforo tho oQ'eots nrudttcrd bv tho lu1 o inouuibeut trill bs eradicated ? \- Loiiüoa Itcvit tr. j 