TOPICS OF THE DAY The Havilah steamship is advertised for sale in the Melbourne papers. The list of persons to whom assisted immigration certificates have been issued for Ireland will be found in another column. We understand, on very reliable authority, that the Hon. A. Blyth, M.P., will be appointed to the office oT Agent-General, vacated by Mr. Walters. By the Coorong we have our files of intercolonial papers to the following dates:—MJelbonrae, August 21; Sydney, August 17; Brisbane, August 10; Hobart Town, August 18; Launceston, August 19 ; OtajjOj August 3. We have been favored by Mr. Arnold A. Light •with the following comparative statement of rainfall at Nairne for the month of July in the last three years:—lB63, 4192 inches; 1861, 2*320 inches; 1865, 4 835 inches. The greatest fall in one day in July this year was on the 10th, when I*l3o inches felL The annual meeting of the South Australian Auxiliary of the London Missionary Society was held at Chalmers Church, on Thursday evening. Mr. E. A. Tarlton occupied the chair. An interesting report and satisfactory balance-sheet were read by the Rev. J. Jpfferis, and addresses were delivered by the Rev. Mr. Suuderland (late missionary at Samoa) and other gentlemen. The Secretary attended at the Lady Daly Inn, Hindmarsh, on Thursday evening, to receive entries for the forthcoming Bricktnakere' Match. The fol lowing is a list of the entries received:—J. Eckhold, Thomas EHard, James Walkey, John Low, A. F. Beeves, H. Sanders, Daniel Davis, T. T. Brown, Wm. Arthur, aud Win. Davis. The Melbourne Age, of the 21st Aigust, contains a statement of the tariff* in the following British colonies:—Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Western Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand, Canada, Nora. Scotia, Newfoundland, British Columbia, Jamaica, Barbadoes, Ceylon, Cap* of Good Hope, Mauritius, and Malta. The paper can be seen at our office. The inquest on the fire at the Port, whioh des troyed the Devon Mills, was held at the White Horse Cellars, on Thursday, by Dr. Woodforde, J.P., Coroner. After a long and patient investigation, particulars of which will be found in another column, the Jury returned an open verdict to the effect that there was no evidence as to the origin of the fire. The following is a summary of traffic on tha South Australian Railways, for the week ending August 19, 1865:—Port Line—-Passengers, £216135. 34.; goods, £318 9s. 3d. ; total, £535 2s. 6d. North Line— Passengers, £474 Is. 4d. ; goods, £1,239 2s. 9&; total, £1,713 4s. Id. Grand total, £2,248 6s. 7d. A warrant was issued on Thursday afternoon for the arrest of Mr. W. P. Auld, on a charge of murdering " Dombey," the native at Chambers Bay, in the Northern Territory, on the Bth September last. Mr. Auld was-arrested by Police-trooper Potter, and bronght to the Police Station at 8 o'clock in the evening. He was released on bail by Mr. S. Tomkinson at a quarter-past 10 o'clock. The case will, we presume, be brought before the Police Magistrate this morning. A correspondent says —" A meeting of the Brighton Cottagers' Horticultural and Fioricultural Society was held on the 21st August, at the Seaside Hotel, Brighton, when the following members were pre- sent :—Mr. W. P. Feathersone (in the chair), Messrs. Hull, Ottaway, Robinson, Meek, and Thomas, and the Secretary, Mr. James Henry Smith. Letters were read in answer to requisitions for judges, &c.; The prize-list was revised and adopted for competition at the show. Mr. Thomas Ottaway was duly elected Treasurer. The meeting then adjourned until 28th instant." The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were rather unexpectedly brought to a close on Thursday. There were eight cases to be disposed of to finish the calendar, and it was not imagined that they could be got over in one day; but through the admirable manner in which the Crown Solicitor managed the business, and not wasting a moment, he succeeded in getting the whole of them disposed of at the close of the afternoon. Hie Honor, in dis missing the Jury, mentioned to them that there had been 65 prisoners disposed of during the sittings. Thursday's Gazette contains the following appoin tnente:—Mr. William George Percy Joyner to be Junior Clerk in Hie Lands Titles Registration De partment; Mr. Jas. Henry Newton to be Bailiff of the Local Court at Bobe Town, from the 2lst mat, vice Burrows, resigned.—Customs Department—Mr. Francis Robert Bashwood to be an Assistant Landing Waiter, rice McNeil, transferred to Longroom ; Mr. Frederick Augustus Howell, transferred from Lauding Department, to be Sub-Inspector of Distilleries', vice Thompson. Mr. Burnett M-Litchfiald to be Fourth Clerk, vice M. Neil, resigned ; Gteorge Beaton to be Junior Messenger, vie* Thomas Stephens, transferred to Marine Department The Bey. Richard Dale has been ottered an officiating minister, and authorized to grant licences for marriages. Our obituary notice, this morning, contains the name of the Rev. Michael Ryan, who died on Thursday, of apoplexy, at Kapunda, aged 57. We believe Father Ryan was one of the first Roman Catholic priests who arrived in this colony, and he has-held here the high ecclesiastical positions of Vicar-General and Apostolic Administrator. About six months ago he resigned these offices, owing to his failing health, and for some time past he has been living in retirement at Kapunda. He was a pious man, of modest and unassuming manners, and was greatly beloved by the members of his Church in the province, by whom his loss will be deeply felt. We believe that the Rev. John Smyth proceeds to Kapunda by the first train this morning to make the necessary arrangements for the funeral. • A. memorial is -published in this week's Gazelle, signed by the Chairman of the Talisker Mining Company, Mr. P. D. Pranfcerd, land agent, Mr. W. S. Whitington, for the Campbell's Creek Mining Company, Mr. John Norman, for the general rate payers, and by 36 other ratepayers in the District of Rapid Bay, praying that the district may be divided, and that the southern portion be declared a new! district. The boundary proposed is a line starting! from road north-west corner of Section 1511, Bapid Bay ; following the came road in a southern direc tion to the south-east corner of Section 1526; thence on the south boundary of Section 1523 to the creek; thence following the creek, through Section 73, to where it intersects the road; thence by the same road, to Uie sooth-west corner of Section 44; thence in a direct line, across to Section 1365, Hundred of Waitpinga, to where it intersects the Encounter Bay District. The following persons are proposed as Councillors—the new district to be called that of Cape Jerrist—William Gerrard, H. Watson, A. Christie, Aaron Bennett, and P. L. Hunter. On Thursday afternoon, a gentleman styled Mons. YerteDi, walked across a wire stretched over the Waterfall, The wire was about * third of nn inch in thickness. One end of it was affixed to a tree on the eastern bank of the fall just above where the water is precipitated in the golly below, and it was then stretched across to a tree on the opposite bank about 20 or 30 teet from the falls. The wire was quite 100 feet in length, and was 30 or 40 feet high. Mons, Vertelli very deliberately walked across twice, and sat down when partly over. Then •tending erect, he steadily balanced himself and returned to terra fir ma amid the plaudits of the spectators. He seemed per fectly at home npon the wire, although had he missed his footing he most have fallen some 30 feet either upon jagged rock or into the atony bed of the creek. A special meeting of the Marine Board w held on Thursday, August 25, with a view of considering the qnestion' of removing the inner bar. The Presi dent stated the Treasurer had expressed that it was desirable to send to England for a civil engineer to report upon the desirability and the best means of carrying out the work ; and farther stated that the Board had in their possession estimates of the cost of carrying out the work from Mr. Abernethy and the Foreman of Works. The Board expressed their opinion that it was desirable ,to deepen the inner bar, and read a letter sent to the Treasury in April, 1862, in which the cost for deepening the inner bar to 14 feet water was estimated at £2,787, for a breadth of ,'2OO feet from Mutton Cove to Schnapper Point. The Board decided to request the Treasurer not to sand to England for an engineer, and the President promised to gather all the information in his power and lay it before the Board for their con sideration on a future day. The first soiree of the Thebarton Mutual Improve-1 ment Society took place on Wednesday evening, August 23, ?t Mr. McCreek's ?choolroom, which was tastefully decorated for the purpose. It is to be re gretted, however, that a move capacious building v upt available for purposes similar to the above in the township, and it is to be hoped the residents will not long be without their " Hall-" To have secured the services of Sir. and Mies Shakespeare, whose talent | • bo well known, and the able co-operation of Messrs. Gravson and Pickering, evidenced good judgment on die part of tha Committee. The business of the evening was commenced by the Chuirman, Mr. Geo. Dew, giving a short address, in which he stated that the Society consisted of 33 I members, and the average attendance was 25, which was a cause of thankfulness, seeing what a short time < —three months—the Society had been started. The large attendance of friends was encouraging. When they recollected that the youth who attended Societies of this kind would become the leaders and legisla tors of our future Parliaments, it was the duty of all well-meaning persons to foster them. It was well known that many in the colony had not had the means of providing education for their children— perhaps not so ?uch from the want of money as the difficulty, in a thinly-populated district* of _finding schools. Institutions, therefore, of this kind bad a tendency to remedy in some degree t*us defect. He hoped they would have a building large enough to hold "all those willing to help them, as he regretted to Bay many applications were made for admission which could not be granted. (Sear.) The choir then gave in capital style the " Witches Glee," which well merited* the applause i which followed. Master W. Newman recited the " Common Lot" admirably, and had evidently given much attention to his subject. Mr. McCreek caused some enjoyment by his " Ghost Story," aa also did Mr. Beasley by a reading. Mi. Grayson'a song of the "Charge of the Light Brigade" was appreciated, and resulted in an encore, and " Man the Lifeboat" followed, to the evident satisfaction of the audience. Recitations and readings by Messrs. Hutchinson, Newman, Fisher, Ronalds, and Ingham gave all present food for thought as well as laughter, and it would be unfair to particularize when all acquitted themselves co welL A. solo by Miss Shakespeare " Mary of Argyle" was bo well given that a second appearance became indispensable, and the well-known' song of "Her bright smile haunts me still" was beautifully eung. The playing of Mr. Shakespeare upon the piano was especially a treaton this occasion. After the duet by Miss Shakespeare, and Mr; Grayson of" The Gypsy Countess," which met with hearty applause, variou? votes of thanks were given to the ladies, the choir, and the Committee—in pro posing one of which Mr. 3. Pickering, M.P., stated that he felt honored at receiving an invitation to attend their very successful meeting. He had been a member of a Society many years ago in Coventry, where socialism was much discussed, and such was the succes? of the young men who were opposed to its principles that they went into many places and successfully combatted the argument used by its supporters. It was a privilege to be able to convey one's thoughts to another. Tne members of the Elocution Olaes had pleated and astonished him. He wished they had a larger building, and | that they may prosper in the good work. The National Anthem brought to a close one of the most successful meetings ever held in the township. The farewell benefit for Mr. Frank Howson and his highly talented daughters, the Mines Emma and Clelia Howaon, was taken at the Victoria Theatre on Thursday evening. As might be expected the house was crowded with a highly respectable audience. The performances commenced with the Irish ballad opera, in two acts, entiled "Kate Kearney," in which Mis* E. Howson took the part of Kate Kearney, and Mi'bb C. Howson that of Rose Kearney. Miss E. Howeon sung the charming song bearing the name of the piece in her best style, and was loudly applauded; but the applause was comparatively feeble to that which followed the duet by the two young ladies. Although it was rather long, and required a great deal of effort, it was co delightfully Bung that the audience could not resist demanding an encore. Sate Kearney was followed by the second act of Carl Maria vjn Weber's grand opera "Per Freisomitz." Mr. F. Howeon took the part of Caspar, and went through the incantation scene in a capital manner. The two Misses Howson sang tha first recitatives in the act with remarkable precision and effect. Miss E. Howson was positively brilliant in the grand scena, which she e?ng with the utmost exactness sad power, and was greeted with a tremendous bunt of applause at the conclusion. Before Miss E. Howson commenced the scena her sister went into the orchestra, and took the piano, and played the wonderful music of the opera tDI the conclusion of " the act. At the fall of the curtain.a universal shout for "Howson" arose from the whole house. Mr. Howson, .who Wai lost seen in a shower of fire, the. dosing of the incantation scene, came forward, and after bowing to the roar of plaudits that greeted him, ?aid he had just come from a warm birth, and indeed the hot region that he had just come from bad nearly taken lib breath away; but he had enough left to sincerely thank the audience and the public for the warm patronage whichthey had bestowed upon himand his daughters daring his stay in South Australia. He intended to return in four mouths —(tremendous and long continued cheers) —and hoped to bo able to bring with him some additional and attractive talent, and ha only honed that he might then receive as much patronage "as he and his family had enjoyed up to the present time. Mr. Howson retired amidst a great burst of applause. The entertainment con cluded with "Wan, the Orooi for Nothing," Miss [ <31eua So wson taking the part of Nan. The correspondent of the Border Watch, writing from Lacepede Bay on the 14th, nays:—"Two hone-atealers were rery cleverlj captured by Police trooper Jones the other day, and brought into Kingston. Their names are Smith and Brewer. They are from the Victorian side. They bad driven away s mob of 10 horses, and were hotly pursued by the Victorian police, who were on the point of toeing them from their horses knocking up. Trooper Jones on getting on their trail" speedily overhauled them, and also recovered three of the hones. They were brought before Mr. J. Cooke, and ordered to be taken before the nearest Besident Magistrate in Vie-, toria." i 