Charlie's Lyrical Monologue. Made at the Vic. O sleek head-waiter at the Vic, I'm ill and fain would dine, Look sharp and hring me, like a hrick, A pint of Camden wine ; But let it not he such as that That came from where you know ; There's plenty more, as sour and flat, At home at Wivenhoe. And while you fry my chop, I'll muso On what I read to-day, j The dreadful news that I shall lose Ere long my place and pay. For he, thoy say, who friends would sell, "Deserves to he forgotten, As e'en the sweetest flowers will smell 1 Disgustingly when rotten. J. read it till my soul it smote Like shade of coming fall ; Or, as a reverend friend would quote, " The writing op. the wall." Until I said I'll read no more These papers hoth infernal, I'll read, altho' 'twill make me snore, I'll read the Freeman's Journal. 1 read it, sitting in my chair, One borrowed from a friend, I read it, till my very hair Began to stand on end ; Till ghosts of former friendships came, And round my chair assembled, And that queer place some men do namo The heart, most strangely trembled. 1 travel back along the track To where my reign began, And weep to mark the grievous lack Of gratitude in man ; 1 shake the hands that once I shook iSo cordial after dinner, The hands that took — well, what they took, Or else I'm not a sinner. Ah ! these were days when in my praise Wrote many a slashing pen ; 111 fares the Minister who pays Hot literary men. They show him up, and write him down, In their vile, horrid papers, And make him look just like a'clown, Or monkey cutting capers. Ah ! well, tho' old friends may forsake, My courage shall not flinch, I know a few who'll gladly take Their places at a pinch ; Lot Geoit and Martin spout their fill, And big Buchanan bluster, When comes the mill, trust Chareie's skill To make a decent muster. Let there he troubles, there are joys, If papers, there is pay ; Two thousand pounds in yellow-hoys — What care I what they say ? Let raffs still write their squibs so dull, And launch their leaden leaders, The worst that they can do is, lull To sleep their foolish readers. This country's rich in knaves and fools, All honour's hut a sound — To gain at once a hundred tools, One need hut look around ; And if some ugly chap proves rough, With promises I'll try him ; And if, like Bark.es, he's up to snuff, Why then, by Jove, I'll buy him. Head waiter, whom we love to chaff, Half squiffey, or whole drunk, A better wine I ne'er did quaff, By Jove, 'twould move a monk; I think I've had enough to-day, I'll come again to-morrow, And drink, to drive dull care away, Colonial Cawarra ! 