A TROUBLED TENANCY. Tap strange story which I aui about to relate embraces u short period at the close of October, 1862\. I, Henry Marston, solicitor, then aged twenty-eight years, had just returned from a continental tour. Before leaving London I bad arranged finally to quit the ehumbers which I had previously occupied there ; on coming back to town, therefore, I was, pro tempore, a home less man. Under these circumstances I gladly availed myself of a kind offer made to me by an old friend, a brother of my partner. He invited me to take up my abode at his house, which Was situated iu a village twelvo miles from London. Here, ho assured mo, I was heartily ' welcome to rcnia'n until I could find new quar ters in town. Although he aud his family were I dow absent from home, ho wroto begging me to. mukc myself comfortable at the Grange, adding that he had instructed his servauts to show nro every attention. Inclination, no less than ne cessity, led tuc to accept the invitation. Heath- field was tny Dative village; and, although my 1 relatives had long left tho neighbourhood, seve ral friends of my boyhood still resided there. There was for me, moreover, auothcr(and a still -stronger attraction to the place. I hnd scarcely stopped upon the platform of tho Ileatli Held Railway Station, when Stanhope, an old chum of mine, discovered me, and, after a few miautcs' I conversation, begged mo to come to a'ball at his father's house that oveniug. It was his sister's twenty- first birthday, and there would be a large gathering of our common acquaintances. After dinner aud a nap at the Grange, I dressed and joined tho Stanhope's party.. It was a brilliant entertainment, and since tho expecta tion which' had chiefly led me to participate in it was not disappointed, I found it enjoyable. I soon discovered amongst tho guests the lady whom I most desired to see, and ore long Edith Arnold was by my side, evinciug, as I hoped, by her mauner, a plcasuro in my society similar to that which I was myself experiencing iu Lor own. Encouraged by various tokens of her favour, I began, to entertain tho idea of making to her an important declaration. Suoh a trea sure as Edith , could not, I felt confidcut, long rcniaiu unclaimed. If I would possess her I must lose no time. " There is," I remembered, " a tide in the affuirsof men." Reflecting thus, I drew iny partner into a conservatory which opened from a saloon adjoining the danoing- room. Coloured lamps shone like' glittering gems above, whilst fountains fluog up diamonds from beneath, amidst feathery fronds and scented blossoms. But gradually tho promenaders thinned ; and at length, although after what space of time I cannot say, I found myself alone with Edith. I led her to a couch which had been placed at that end of tho conservatory furthest from tho drawing-room, and seated my self beside her. Having proceeded so far, I ooufossj found it difficult to advance further, and an embarrassing silence convinced me that I was a bad hand at making an offer. My fal- tering, rouudabout observations seemed just rudely to sketch tho outliucs of my passion, and at the same time grossly to obscure its fiuer lineaments. Edith listened pcusively. As 1 drew near the climax of my address I naturally turned to watch her face. The conservatory for tho most part was lined with blinds, which 6but out the autumn night and pleasantly enhanced the light within. Near us. was a door (loading to the garden) which had not been thus veiled, but which was left exposed, that it might be readily opened for ventilation. Thus, as I turned, the uncurtained entrance became visible t6 ittc, In an instant there appeared amidst the blackness a horrible apparition — that of a wild unearthly face, surrouuded with pale dra pery, und glaring upon mo with an expression malevolent und fiendish in tho extreme. Hardly relieving my eyos, I started to my feet, exclaim ing unconsciously, " Angels and ministers of granoo defend us!" "What in the world do you sec ?" cried Edith, rising in alarm. " I scarcely know' indeed," I answered hurriedly, for by this lime nothing unusual was iu sight. I was just about to explain as well as I could what I had witnessed when Edith's mother swept suddenly into the conservatory, and iu acceuts of impatience told her daughter that they must leavo immediately. My sweet girl was, therefore, hurried away not only bofore I could complete the story of my love, but before I could explain tho strange causo of its inter ruption. With a wondering look and a hasty bow, Edith followed her mother, and I was left alone. The ball was at an end for me now that sho had departed. Grieved and excited at the unsatisfactory termination of our interview, I hastened from the house. Before leaving the premises I walked round the garden towards the conservatory, in order to discover some solution to the visual onigma which had just been propounded to me; but all was dark and still. I now returned to the Gcaugc,_but could not obliterate from my brain the dreadful im pression that had been stamped upon it. A fact there was,' too, connected with tho vision which perplexed mo boyoBd measure. I seemed, iu fconro inexplicable way, to be familiar with the countenance. Although conscious that I had never before seen it under its late appalling aspect, I felt sure that it was not wholly strango to me. I called upon my memory to accouut for this, but to no purpose ; and retired to my room with an aching heart and a puzzled braiu. The Grange was an Elizabethan building, quaint and solemD, and the chamber allotted to .me furoibly exemplified those general character- istios. I took tho precaution of lighting a night light before gettiug into bed, anticipating amidst my mental disquietude, a wakeful night. But it happened that I soon fell asleep, and forgot for a time both my love for Edith und the cruel interruption whioh I had met with in declaring it. 1 awoke with a start under the impression that I had been spoken to. .The words, which 1 can hear to this day, seemed to abido with me after their aotual sound had ceased. To tho reader they will appear perhaps as ridiou'oualy grandiloquent as to me in the sileut watches of that night they at first seemed unspeakably awful. They were these : — "Vile usurper! How long shall the avengiog angel's band be 6tuyed? Vacate this domain — to which thou hast no shadow of a claim — vacate it ere two days shall have expired, or thy wicked life is . forfeited." Now, buppo&ing; that these words Jtad been all — supposing that I bad been called upon merely to acoount for the sound or fanoied sound— I could easily have persuaded myself that I had simply been dreaming. But, in tho subdued light whioh trembled through tho room I saw — yes, .reader, I .affirm it solemnly— I saw immediately before mo the same demoniacal face whioh had suddenly appeared to mo iu the con servatory. Although while half awuku I was .seriously alarmed by the apparition, I had no soouer grasped my usual waking powers of mind than I recovered myself and sprang out of bed, rosolving then and there to clear up tho ugly riddle. But as I did so, the cause of my per plexity vauishod. Standing upon the floor, wide awake, I arrived at the certain conviction that I was the solo occupant of tho room. I now en tered upop a weary process of mental cross-ex amination, in the hope of eliciting from my con fused impressiu'us facts on which he found some plausiblo theory as to what had occurred. Nor was I long in erecting such a theory. It struck mo as probablo that the servants, wishing (from motives quite conceivable) to get rid of nro, had been playing me a trick. The tenor of the ab surd words which bud been addressed to mo seemed to warrant the idea. I was puzzled, to be sure, to account, on this hypothesis, for the first visitation. But I reflected again that the plotters might have contrived the former appear ance for the purpose of averting my suspicions from any one connected with the Grange. And as to the fact that tho face which I had seen' seemed curiously familiar to mo, I disposed of tho difficulty by imagiuiog that the agent em ployed by these impudent and stupid menials to personate their pretended ghost was some villager with whoso features 1 had been familiar in my boyhood. I need scarcely say that, so soon as I believed myself to bo the victim of practical joking, I became angry. But I decided that the best way to take vengeance was to appear un concerned, and simply to request in t.be morning, I that the trick might not be repeated. Accord ingly I bottled up my wrath, got into bed, and ooutrived to sleep soundly till daylight filled the room. The footboy who wailed upon mo at breakfast — a pale-haired lad of seventeen — was naturally an object of my scrutiny, since I, of course, imagined that he must be in the plot from which I had suffered during the night. He was precisely like a cat ; and, judging from his sly slits of eyes and stealthy movements I could readily conceive him capable of any amount of underhand feline mischief. Before leaving for London — v. hero I was obliged to go early on ac count of a business appointment — I rang the breakfast-room bell, and requested that all the servants mightr'come iu. Two females shortly made their appearance it) company with the page, aud against the whole- party I proceeded to lay my charge. Alter enlarging on the foolish and dangerous nature of the supposed joke with far greater warmth thau I had designed, 1 com pleted my harnnguo with theso words: — "I re gret if my presence in the Grange is unaccept able, hut having received an invitation from the master of the house to stay hero, it is my iutcn- tcntion to do so. Tho foolish menus which some or all of you have employed to displace me would succeed with no one but a child or an idiot. I have to request, however, that these pranks may not bo repeated. If they aro, I shall report the wholo matter to your master, who, I doubt not, on hearing it, will, out of regard for me, dismiss every one of you from his service." The in dignant silence with whioh these words were re ceived at once convinced mo that I had been hasty and unjust. The servants looked at one another in pure astonishmeut, and at mo with an expression which seemed to question my sanity. Iu a few minutes they clamorously and angrily denied the charge altogether ; whereupon, feeling the weakness of my position, I became somewhat cowed, and uttered words — probably neither dignified nor judicious — betraying the puzzled condition of uiy ntind. " I do believe tho fellow's mud," exeluimed tho cook angrily, as she followed hor colleagues out of the room, slamtnittg the door behind her. Mad ! The word at first mude tne angry ; it then set me thinking. What if, after, all, I were under some insane hallucination? Apparitions as vivid as mine had often been the result of eerobral disease. My ba9ty accusation of the servants seemed to give colour to the idea that uiy brain was disordered. How unreasonable the charge had been ! How totally unlike tho words of a domestic had been those bombastic expressions addressed to utc in tho night! How slight nnd paltry altogether were the data upon which I had founded uiy suspicions ! At tho very time when those thoughts were revolving in my mind, I happened to take up a lurge volume which lay upon a table near mo. It proved to be that painfully iutor- estiug book by Dr. Winslow — " Ou Obscure Diseases of the Braiu aud Mind." I opened the work at page 269, aDd my eyo immediately fell upon the words: — " The perceptive jiorvcrs are often thefrst to yield." Upon reading the suc ceeding paragraphs, a horrible doubt of my owjn sanity rushed headlong into my mind. Had T" been able to remain in solitude that day, I verily boliovo I should have lost my reason. But I was obliged to go to towu immediately ; and a few hours of enforced attention to the details of a complicated legal question drew away my at tention from myself : aud assisted mo to recover my mental equilibrium. Ou returning to the Grange in the evening, I was received by the servants with a. curt suspicious manner which annoyed me, and which disinclined me to attompt their conciliation. After dinner I wrote an ardent letter to Edith, and what I hoped was a judicious ono to her father, aud, designing that both should bo delivered next day, I retired at au early hour to my haunted bed chamber. Before leaving towD, 1 had provided myself with a bottle of laudanum, judging that, sinco it was possible my last night's visions had par tially been the result of nervous excitement, a timely narcotic mightpreveut arcourreuccof such annoyauces. But I had not properly informed myself as to what quantity of tho drug it would be suitablo for mo to take; I swallowed, there fore, what I now suspect was an inordinately large dose. I lighted a taper as on the previous night, und laid'mysclf down, expecting to sleep soundly. But instead of sleep, the most ex traordinary sensations seized me. My soul soemed wrapped in an atmos'phero of delicious and ravishiug happiness. Everything painful and amioying was eliminated from my thoughts ; and, although tho perplexities of the lust twenty- four hours were not forgotten, I could traco in none of them the slightest cause for distress or disquietude. Sweet memories of Edith floated through my soul ; and even the apparitions ol the previous night assumed tho shape of iuteusely interesting phenomena, whioh I judged it a privilege to havo witnessed, and a pleasure, tuoroover, to study. My intellect, too, was wouderously lucid. I truoed the most extra ordinary affinities, and drew the subtlost logical distinctions, with a clearness whioh astonished aud delighted me beyond measure. This lasted long. I knew that the night was advancing, but I had no wish for sleep. A condition more enjoyable or desirable than that in which I now found myself I could not have conceived. While still experiencing these peculiar and intensely pleasurable sensations, I, for tho third time, be held the terrible object of my recent specula- I tious. But not a partiolo of foar now had place iu my mind. I sat up in bed, gazed at tbo apparition, and calmly reasoned respecting it. At length I addressed it aloud. It replied to mo in language similar to that wbieh it bad employed ou tho previous night, reminding me that t)alf tho period of my probation had already I expired. I' complained of the harsh decree, I argued my innocence, and challenged tuy per- I seeutor to substantiate tbo charges against my I character upon which my cruel sentence had been founded. But the inscrutable being, witL- out heeding my remonstrances, repeated the prophetic threat, and then seemed to vanish through the wainscot. My nappy feelings con tinued long after this visitation, and I regarded my predicted dissolution with ptrfect calmness and content. Not until daylight began to glimmer between ths mullions of the window did drowsiness creep over me'; but when sleep actually commenced it held me with such tre mendous power that I lay iu a death-like stupor till noon. Repeatedly, so I afterwards learnt,: the page had been to call me, but all his efforts had been insufficient permanently to arouse me from my slumber. At twelve o'clock I awoke in such diro mental confusion and bodily dis comfort as I had never before experienced. When the servant entered tho room on iny summons, be evidently regarded me with sus picion and alarm. "And what wonder?" I- asked myself. " My conduct this o'rning is enough in itself to suggest to him- the idea of my luuacy, and l ain sure my appearance must confirm the uotioo." And now there fell upon my mind once more the painful suspicion that my reason was, indeed, deserting me. In spite- of the opiate, I had actually seen tho accursed vision again. That was a tcrriblo fact that could not bo got over. I was as far off as ever from any solution of tho mystery, save that dreadful one which now again suggested itsplf to my mind. I dressed, went down, aud ia a sort of mechanical way, folded, addressed, and des patched my letters to Edith and ber father. I found myself too unwell to go to town, and sank into a state of utter roournfulucss and despon dency. Scarcely halfau hour had elapsed, when thefollowiug note was placed in my bauds : — '.'Sir, — I beg to acknowledge tho receipt of your letter dated yesterday, and also, on my daughter's behalf, of the communication which you have ad dressed to her. In rcpty, I havo to inform you that my daughter and myself nro entirely agreed that your proposal is one which cannot be enter tained. — I am, sir, you obedient servant, Laurence Arnold. This cold, curt reply to my letters struck upon my heart like lead. What in tho world could bo the cxpluDation of its chilly tone aud laconic stylo ? To this question my suspicions supplied a reudy answer. The servants had done it. I had offended them, betraying at tho same timo the fact of my mysterious visions. They had taken their vengcauco by reporting mo in the village as a man subject to imlnuc delusions. Ferhaps tbey wero right. At any rate I knew how readily such reports would fly about ;, how likely they were already to have reaohed the ears of Mr. Arnold and his family. It wus agonising to reflect, too, how — supposing this to be the ease — Edith would connect such reports with tny extraordinary couduct towards her; and how, setting the fact and tho rumours side by side, she would bo ready to acquiesce in her father's decision. The Arnolds were compara tively recent comers to the neigh bonrbood ; they had consequently but little previous know- ledgo of mo to set against these newly-raised reports, and thus, as I saw with painful clear ness, my chilly repulse was fully to bo accountd for. I had never before been in such a wretched dilemma as now. A suspicion of insanity, per haps, is more difficult to disarm than any other. Whatever your behaviour, it is certain to be construed into a now proof of lunaoy. It was clear to mo that every act of mine was now so interpreted at the Grange. It may be asked why I did not escape further annoyance by going to a Loudon hotel till I could fiud a' settled home. Two considerations deterred me — the possibility that, if I remained, I might get a further interview with Edith ; tbo deter mination not to be beaten by a paltry spectre. As my body gradually recovered from the effect of the overdose this determination grew stronger and stronger. My spirits revived, my intellect became quickened. At evening I endeavoured dispassionately to review all that had occurred, and to resolve upon somo' sensible and decisive line of action. I was detarred from searching tho house from end to end only by the remem brance that the servants would certainly take such an act as fresh ovidcnce of my madness, and many another schcmo for (lie solution of tho enigma flitted through my brain. The 'sudden recollection of the case of Thomas,- second Lord Lyttleton, whoso end had been foretold to hiin, I remembered, in a vision somewhat similar to my own, onoe more de pressed and unnerved me ; and I was struggling hard against this reaction when tuy attention was arrested bv a kuock at tho front door. A few minutes afterwards a card was brought 1 to me. The gentleman whoso name it bore had ' inquired for the master of tho house; but, learning his absence, had asked to see anyone who might be considered to represent him. I started at the sight of tho name, whioh was familiar to mo. Alfred Euderby was a young physician who, with his father, conducted a pri vate lunatio asylum in the West of England. He had formerly been an intimate friend of mine, but some timo had elapsed since our last meeting. I was auuoycd and almost alarmed when I first realised who had arrived, thinking that some officious Hcatbfield friend, having heard of my speotral visitations and strange manner, bad summoned a "mad dootor" to my aid. Bat upon reflection this soemed so un likely, and further, as Endorby ormo into tho room his surprise and delight at seeing me were so unmistakable, that I laid aside my suspi cions aud gave him a most hearty welcome. A few words made clear to him the causo of tny tcnanoy of the Grange. I asked him to explain his advent; but ho told mo that his Btory was longer than mine, and that with my permission he would wait a while before relating it. Ho now inquired the cause of my sorry appearance. The question led me fully to narrate tho cir cumstances which, during tho last day or two, had been giving me so much uneasiness; and the relief whioh it afforded mo to do so was great and immediate. Ho listened with an in terest whioh manifestly increased as I proceeded. Tho earnest attention, indeed, with which he heard the story, and the deep thought which it seemed to awaken in his mind, surprised me. I concluded my narration by saying — " So now, my dear fellow, do, if you can, enlighten me as to these strange visitations. I hope you will not do as people here have done — as I myself have once or twice been inclined to do — pronounce me a madman." " You are as sane as I am," was the reply. " Well," I said, " it is a comfort to be told that by so experienced a judge as your self." "1 think," said tho young physioian, " it is in my power to give you further comfort still ; to clear up altogether the perplexity under which you have been labouring." I opened my eyeB incredulously. " YeB," continued Enderby, "such it tbo fact indeed. Let mo tell you first that your own story relievos me from a doubtful anxiety which it haB been the object of my journey to dispell. In return for this good service, I undertake, in making known to you that object, to deliver you from your own diffi culty." I drew my chair to the doctor's side, for he spoke in an undertone. " You remember, I probably," ho began, " a family named Merivale, who formerly resided, as I am told, in this very house?" "Certainly," I answered; "in my boyhood the daughters were often my com panions." " About teu years since," my friend continued, " at a date later, I believe, than that at which you and your friends left the village, this family met with reverses of fortune. The ruin, in fact, was complete. They left the plucer and a sale was held at this house. I will briefly go through all the circumstances, although with many of them jou may already be familiar. Tho Merivales t'elt the blow keenly. The father and mother both died within a year of the date of their misfortunes, nhd these accumulated sorrows affected the intellect of the eldest daughter, Catherine. She went to reside with sotno dis tant relatives, who from tbo date of tbo parents' death treated the orphans as their own daughters. Their kindness to poor Catherine wasuubounded, and for a long timo they endured her insane caprices, and believed that time would rectify her derangemant. At last, however, a dangerous outbreak convinced them that they could no longer pursue the courso which their affection had I dictated; and' Catherine Merivale was placed under my father's caro. Ilor madness now de clared itself in a single strange delusion. She imagined that her family had been forcibly ex pelled from their own home — this very house — and that it was her mission and destiny to exe cute jthe vengeance of Heaven agaiust tho unjust aud merciless intruder. Duriug the last few months the poor lady's health had apparently im proved. Sho bad become more calm thau for merly; and my father aud myself both hoped and believed that her cure would ultimately be effected. The restraints at first imposed were gradually slackened, and she appcaredsiill further to benefit by increased freedom. I am now satisfied that this more moderate conduct was the result of that deep cunning which not unfro- quently attends madness, aud that it was in tended to disarm our suspicious and facilitate an escape. Three days ago the poor woman sud denly disappeared from tbo asylum ; and her flight was accomplished in a manuer which dis played tho most remarkable ingenuity and fore thought. Until to-day we were on a completely wrong soeut in the pursuit. This tuorniug, however, whilo reflecting on tho special nature of MisB Merivalc's delusion, it struck nro as highly probable that Bhc might have fled to Hqathficld. By the help of au intelligent de tective officer, I havo verified uiy suspicions, and tracked the poor luuatic to this placo. And uow i buve only to add that, from the description you give of your nightly visitations, I cannot doubt that she is under this very roof. The compara tive emptiness of the house, and her thorough knowledge of the promises, have no doubt facilitated her concealment. We have both of us cause for tho deepest thankfulness to Provi dence that tho intensity of her delusion — under which sho regards herself as tho avenging angel of the Most High — has led her to delay the deed of blood (which bo sure 6he would havo perpe trated at lust) ; and to utter, by way of preface, pompous threats and prophecies in token of her imagined divine commission." On listening to this extraordinary narrative, my feelings, as may be supposed, were those of mingled pity, horror, relief, and gratitude. All was now clear to me as day. The faco that I had seen was, as I at last realised, unmistakably that of the Catherine Merivale with wbom I had played as a child; and thus the painful burden of my late oppressive donbt was wholly removed. The poor luuatic had probably arrived at Heath- field the satuo evouing as myself ; had watched mo to tho Stanhopes' and baok.; pursued me to.) my cbaraber'-'-imagiuiug me (the luckless visitor) to be the actual owucr of the house, whom it was her mission to expol or destroy ! But no time was to be lost in discovering and securing thc.dangerous inmate. Her capture was accom plished by the deteotive officer who, under tho iostructious of my friend, personated with won derful skill aud coolness u second avenging angel, and drew the unhappy luuatic from her placo of coucealmcnt by means of bombastic phraseology, in which the counsel of a sister-spirit was offer ed, and co operatiou in the act of vcDgeanco assured. Thus the utadwomun's delusion was mado to accomplish hor capture. Once secured, she was treatod with the tenderest consideration, and when she had been removed to a place of safely (a neighbouring asylum) for the night, my friend returned to mo, and wc examined to gether the roomB in which she had expatiated. Tho Grange, above the ground floor, was curi- ously divided into two almost distinot parts, each approached by a separate staircase. Iu the absence of the family, half of the bouse was un occupied at night, save that the coachman slopt iu one of its attics. My room bad been situated in the other and now uiure inhabited division, where were the rooms also of the indoor servants. A passage, seldom used, aud encumbered with' lumber, unitod, as I now learnt, these two divi sions, and opeued by a singular sliding door in a panncl of tho wainscoting into tho very cham ber where I had slcpt. By this approach, there fore, doubtless well known to the lunatic, she had clearly entered my room. For all that we could discover to tho contrary, she might have waudered over the eutiro house at Dight. She had oertuinly visited the pantries, to supply her self with tho necessary food. It will readily bo conceived that, in tho eyes of servants aud neighbours, I now became a kind of hero. The former dropped their displeasure, and addressed me with an affectionate familiarity (which I found it needful to check), anxious to be regard ed as the partners of my late peril, and tho sharers of my escape ; tho latter — to the full as demonstrative — overwhelmed me during the re mainder of my ocoupatiou of the Grange with cards, inquiries, aud invita-" s. Siuco the strange reports concerning nro li.ul alono prompt ed that icy note from Edith's father, the factB which confuted those reports restored me to my previous position in the prudent parent's estima tion, Edith, moreover, took to her bed on my account, and so inclined ber papa for an opening of negotiations. My lovo for tho gcntlo girl enabled me to dctoot my opportunity, and, to seize it with avidity. My comfortable private fortune and fair professional prospeots at length told favourably upon the somewhat calculating old gcntlcmaD ; so that when, having found new chambers, I returned to town, my " troubled tenancy " of tho Grange had yielded me two benefits — viz., tho Bubject for a story, and (under parental sanction) the promise of a wife. 