OWGIN OF THE HAU-HAU FANATICISM. Amongst die papers laid on the table of tbe J louse of Jtcprtisentatives in New Zealand, by command of his Excellency, is die following ; — 'Tub Assktant Native Secetauv to the Home Colonial SKCRBTAiiy ' New Plymouth, Dec. 8, 1864. Sib, — I have the honor to acknow ledge the receipt of the Acting Native Secretary's letter ol the 4th ultimo, con veying instructions to furnish a report containing all I know of the origin sad history of the Pai Marire movement, and in reply to state that the Maori account of the origin of Pai Marire, as aignify ing the name of their new religion, is singularly and superetitiously associated with tbe wreck of the '' Lord Worsley.'' Horopapara Te Ua, the originator, is a Taranaki native, and was- for years a teacher (kai karakin). On the occasion of the 'Lord Worsley' being wrecked, lie tried very herd to induce die tribe not to interfere with tbe wreck further than to render assistance, and desired them to allow us free access to the wreck ; but having been opposed by the tribe, be was said to have taken their stubborn opposition very much to heart, Ann ui-in(* wrnn-r in lite mind in /-nnca. quence thereof. ''A few weeks after the wreck of tbe ' Lord Worsley,' Horo papara Te Ua came from the Taranaki district with another native teacher pamed Totaia, to Poutoko, Ropata Ngarongromate's place, where be eeat for me. I went to them and had a long conversation with them. Totain was a strong Kingite, and wanted peace on their own terms, which required con siderable concessions on the part of the Government. Horopapara wanted peace, and would consent to any terms the Government might propose. He said he was a Government man, and did not want a Maori King: and on bejng Grossed by Totaia, he became very much excited, and 6howed unmistaiceuble signs Of insanity and madness. Nothing would satisfy him but me to walk a circle with him, which I did to quiet him, and during the whole time we were doing so he was repeating the words :— ' Atua pai marire, Hohou i te rongo pai marire, Tihnnga pai marire, inahi' pai marire.' At that time nothing had been said of the new religion by that name, and the tribe regarded Horopapara as a mad man, and kept watch over him. A short time after tbis he used violence towards the wife of Te Meiba (Big Jack); and in retaliation Te Meiha punished Te Ua severely by beating him, and tied him hand and foot. From this time tbe superstitious part of the tradition as regards their Pai Marire commenced. Horopapara states that the Archangel Miobfiel and the Archungel Gabriel, to gether with an innumerable host of ministering spirits, came ashore from the ' Lord Worsley,' and that whilst he was tied band foot, as before mentioned, the angel Gabriel appeared before him the first time, nnd told him to release himself from his bonds, which with the slightest effort be did. That on Meiha seeing him released, be again seized him and chained him, and put a lock upon the chain. That Te Ua tben said : * What is this to me V and' with the slightest effort again burst asunder tbe chain, and every little was broken and scattered upon the ground, and Horo papara set at liberty. The spectators then began to say amour themselves, 'Can he have done this of his own strength, or is it some supernatural in fluence V and from that time they began to be afraid of him. Te Ua tben went to bis own place in Upper Tara Biki, and on a certain day he was in his own house, and fell asleep and was in a trance, when a great light descended from Heaven, and a voice called on uim, To rise and Etand on bis feet,' when he saw a great multitude of every race upon earth. A voice then said to him ?— ' Heropapara, go out of your house, take your son and kill him.' Horopa para took bis son, and twisted his legs until the hone broke in several places. A voice tben cried — ' Horopapara, spare jour son. The angel Gabriel tben said —'Take your son, and wash him with water.' He took his eon to a river, called Wairau (in tbe Upper Taranaki district), and washed him, and the leg was restored whole as the other. The angel Gabriel then said to him—' Go lack to your house, and erect a new niu.' Horopapara inquired of the angel what a niu was. The angel replied, 'A post' Horopapara inquired for what purpose? The angel replied, ' Work for you for the acquirement of the languages of all races upon the «ir£h.' Hcropnpara inquired of the mngel who was to impart to him the gift ofelanguages. Tbe angel replied, ' Tbe spirit of God,passing with tbe wind«,will ttach you/ Horopapara then asked the angel, ' What of tbe winds ?' The angel replied, ' As the wind of Heaven proceed to all quarters of the globe, so from the niu proceeded all the different forms of religion upon earth.' Tbe sngel Gabriel then sung the following hymn :— ?' Gabriel's song of love to his people, i' standing naked. Mosu Uawke. 'Clod pai marire, God pai marire, rire, ?'; lire. ? ;;God the son pM.inorira, God the son pai marire, rire, fire. God tbe Holy Ghost pai marire, God the Holy Ghost pai marire, rire, rire. Glory be to thee, O Jehovah, in this worlds tiAfid the Throne t and the Throne i and the Throne !' ^Thig.is all I know of tbe origin of the P»i Mar/re, which no doubt was set on fodt by Horopapara Te Ua. Tbe hymn of ihe angel' is now used in their daily ftiigioiu serrioe, and the ' sign .oj\ the descent of the Holy Ghost upon any of them is o cold shivering at the time they are performing iu the circle march ing round the ' niu.' After the cold shivering has passed off, they are in spired with the gilt of languages, some of which I have heard attempted. A perfectly unintelligible jargon to them selves and to others. Sometimes may be heard a word of Maori intermixed. It is due to Horapapara to state that from every report which I hear of him, he constantly urges the insurgents to discontinue aggressive movements, and to sue for peace, but on wbat conditions I have never heard.— I have, -£o., H. Parris, Assistant Native Secretary. 