I tHfnl Ut* in the OTfrihwHMft iWtoa, miter times during tlio day that I went* Mw^ji round, whldi I have no doubt I did." -J O'Hsllooiaahad or oourse heart! of thedresdful, I murder of Mr. Ds Vers's dsiogkitor. lis said that- npsri from Hr. Hiddletoq'e ^letter, be , would do all in hit power to asslrt mo, as he had doubt* a* to tbe right man being in custody; one thing, however, he Celt sure of, and that was, that no near baudTiad thrived thereabouts for some time. Bote he added, Hi employ yon u my overseer for a'time, ana and my own to town oat of thewny | he'll be glad of 'the change t then you'll hare the opportunity of riding the oountry round for Oily mile*, end perhaps you may. find your j many but mind, I dont think you'll bring the crime home to him, eren if you umt a ' suspicious character, beoauto the ntoal he* had eucli a aplendid opportunity to obliterate aUiraoeai and again, toe dear case against thii one tnan would putde a jury, if another | toon erenr brought into tho fimd,toeuohan ex tent Vl>at tiny would not believe in their senses. I accepted the appointment a* orereeer, en d was I introduced to my predeoeesar asafriead'whb would take hi* plaoe until ho had transacted . eome very important business in town. Ho was eent to town "on reiy important business," with a letter written by me, but addressed by I Hr. O'Halloomn, to the commissioner's prirste ' honm at EUhmond, explaining to that function ary the mie de guerre, and a request to keep lum there under some pretext or other till he wes wanted. The ex-overseer, I need hardly cay, had no great difficulty in resigning him eelf to the late of such oomfortable quarters a* he had at the commissioner's bouse. I thought I saw an impertinent' young rascal of a stock-keeper grinning very heartily one day when I endeavoured to crack my ■lock-whip, but still I felt euro I waa only credited with being e " muff," not the Queens officer. Three weeks rolled by, and I got no ■cent. One day in the fourth week I had oc casion to go several mil** for letters, to the poet-offioe at Deep Creek. I celled in at the 1 hotel—the only one there—for a pint of boer. Then were two shepherds sitting in the bar, if each a ihinty might be said to have a bar, drinking, amoking, and swearing. I deter mined to listen for a time to their conversa tion. Whether they hid any meaning to con vey or not, I oould not say, but I certainly did not understand one half they said. One was si dark ahrivelled-op little man, with no teeth and a sharp nose; the other a stout man— hairy as Esau—whose cracked aore lips and blood-eh ot eyes told me had been drinking for eome time. Had he not been so dirty and dissipated, he would bare been positively a handsome man. I beard the following dialogue:— " So help me , Tom, you know as when I get on the ' bust,' I always likes to hare a chum. 'Well, Tom,' says I to that ere "spooney"—we've not had him long, that feller as keeps the hut—says I to him,'Jack, will yer go and have a spree t I'm off.' * So,' says he. 'Well, then,' says I, 'you can go to And so help me , Tom, that fool haven't been away from the hut since we've had him." " Now, Jem," replied Tom, "don't go on in that style, yer know ns how eome folks ie hixoentrick. If he doesn't want to go on the spree why do you want to make him t he's a retiring man, he likes the bush, he doesn't like town life, like us gentlemen. I beliere that's just why Hr. M'Kcnrie likes him." I went out, fully determined to mike the acquaintance of Mr. H'Kenzie, and then of | Tom, who wes comparatively a new hand on the station. On inquiry, I found that tbe rtaticn test about fifteen miles distant on the Deep Cheek. I rode back to Hr. O'Haliooran's gave him notice before the shepherd to find some one else, wrote to the opmminioaer to send up the overseer, packed rip a swag, and found my way to Hr. XfKeoxie'a. At this time it was never hard to get a situation, as j tbe menwere in the habit of getting on the spree, which habit obliged the employen to keep one or two extra hands. I applied to him, j and way engaged as stockman—as I could by ' *hi« tin,* crack a whip pretty deeentty. I of I oourse was eent to the out-station, where I found Tom, as the shepherd had called him. He looked'skme from under his shaggy e brows slyly. I toad* free with himby ofi ing my hand to Hro, and told him I was (he new stockman. Quito.a change pawed over his face when I shook hands with him. His little grey eyes twinkled, and a grin, I oould not say a smile, passed over his face from ear to ear. He stood about fire feet six inches, was thin and wiry, much sunburnt, and slightly grey. At first glance it might be sup posed that he had a lair share of forehead, hot on closer observation it wonld bo found that hie hair grew for op on a moeding and shallow forehead. Be had thin hps, no beard or moustache, and n noes thst had evidently been broken. I took up my quarters in a far oorner of I the long din but, nark roof, the bark being kept down by heavy timber. Beside the door | was built an enofmoos rubble chimney, in which I saw several pots containing the even ing's supper. Near the door stood a rough | table, the legs of which were driven into the ground, like stakes. Twoeluwsy heavy leg forms, three bunks fixed up *hq> fashion, a nude of rough shelves, on wliiah stood plates, &c.;, [ formed the furniture of'-thiv hot, or out- | The cattle were handed over to my charge by young Mr. M'Kemie, who had been obliged to take charge of them on aooount of the man having gone on tbeapeae. Late that night Jem, the man I had seen at the botd on the day bcfonyeaun home. Hedid not recognise memtfce*»twii>g,athewB* too drunk when I visited the hoteUbr him to fakoaqy notice of a stranger. I soon found out why Tom hid been called " Spooney." He earned a silver spoon shoot with hiw in his pocket, which he sdwago-•produced-at meal time* bat-always carefully wiped it .end pat it pwar again in hie pocket > One flsri wbrie tfo was obliged to run to the fin to lift off the billy of tea which was boding over. I glanced at it, and saw the initial "fl" Oo ihe uaadle. This-a| onoe aroused my stiapoiaiti.. I Wrote to Hr. De Vera to mike • strict search, and an in .veutojy of all his property, ami tax hi* memory as to .what thqr .mid In the homo before tbe murder. I thought it very probable that in their first aeauti they had mused soma trifle, as they would bh too ranch overcome with grief to be vet7 exeat I soon received an answer Jo my opto \- » . - y, and stating that they had toede eri Inventory, that nothing was mhsing except eome money they had fovgottmi,until X wrote, that whs la a bpx baloQfta| to Hist De Yen, I her savings, and a war teaspoon. The amount ofthe money-nMiher.r coidd otate i bet thcaflym _ mightbe miil^ Was matted "H"—Henrietta. Dbdonged to Hiss-DsYfto--*fc**P« from hsreoaslsat hoe» TThey ndded, ti could Mt U!eo» ■ ■•to"*, 'monry, to j WW In torin-^woWd^htoottBtto rnvr tH. Now I frit euro I faad nty owto - "H" oo the Btcb' rim let lasroV^ririd dnfi, britl roeolrod to weft mydfaro. ^ J ' 'X nonfroctod^^Jpr^t log money'about -rie_yS -wid»es -Walla * totamiwdlj " mooey when aooountof it,*o bank to go to. I - lessaad lsH| end I' bottiea of'ght 4rosmli 'ro eeftBtorimn-yy , MW MbnaiiM&oat; nothing, its lost a. WV I"**}!4* of sulking, yer needn't foke may notloe or tae, U yoa ve Mt Christian feeUM.* I oonttonM to leave plenty of monsyabooli and if.they had not been HopUb Idiots they would bare known thai they took mora money than my wage* would anoant to. Bowerer,"' " Sped themselves and bated little u J Xonf as they fiat tlie drink. . Nearly erosy nigh* Aey badge, ftfeicbsto* ^ became a «ge j Mety«t*nr3fihtlMorodJ rerr hard i nearly every night "tome allusion j. i. m__._e wu made to Tom's low spirits, and Tom's peculiarities. IatfiTleft money in the way. The drink wee regularly brought .now. and . although they diank ao aooh It did Utile elae then make them telkatire and oaroieu. One night the shepherd arid, "I eay, Tom, whet made yoa optte hdee without ady ehooi f" Tom looked towards the bed where X wu - lying, but in/snoring was to heary that he wu reassured.. The reader may imagine ay mor tification when Tom eottlod down into one of hie eullenmoode that night, and eaid nothing.' One night I brought home to the hut a bottle of rely etrong rum, -two lemons, 'and some nutmegs and clores. X mAdi the punch myself. It wu etrong and fiery, without being ahem. I poured myself out a glass, got g^book, and laid on the bed. Instead of reading mueh, I welched whet effect itched on the two men, and toon found that it wu working ad mirably. I throw down my book, put out the light I had used, and rolled myaetfu^u the bed cloth ca. Of oouise I eoon snored. The firet Ibt of punch quickly disappeared, and Jem under took to brow a froth lot, although I oould tec the first wu doing its work in the cold reins of these ancient roue of Bacchus. "Now, cant you open that teter trap of j your'n, Tom 1 Don't think you're going a get ' out of it. I'll let you bare no peace till I know what you're been up to. D'ye not think I eee the difference in you ainse 1 saw yer in town, in the stone jugf eh! Ton earns here ehoBosa, nearly hard up, and yer teamen torn at the bottom, and now ere oau get no thing out of yer but that there spoon yerahowi us at feed times—I suppose u a substitute for jaw. Oome on, Tom s make me yer busum friend." Tom glanosd at my bunk, but I wu snoring hard. " Well, Jem," said Tom, with tean in his eyes—the spirit had evidently softened what there wu left tender in the man's nature— " I'll tell yon something I've nerer told any other mortal soul, if you'll swear oerer to peach—mind, 'mums the word.' Jem swore an oath too fearful for me to giro bete, and I must oath T" aay the most frightful oath I hare erer heard in the whole eonne of my life. It wu suffi ciently landing, if anything is (rinding to hell's j own subjects, to satisfy Tom, who had taken ' another etrong draught of rum. Jem now sat in front of Tom on the opposite side of the table, his chin resting on his fists, eridently baring made up his mind for some thing horrid. Bis head thus feeing Tom, kept the light of the candle from my bed, so 1 wu able to keep my eyes open without being seen. Another advantage — I oould aee the little man plainly, while Jem's head kept the j light off my bed, and consequently out of the mind of the half-drunken man. " I've made a reedushun, Jem, to reform," mid Tom. " I don't want to know what yer resolved to do, I want to Imow what jrer're done. I thought you wen going to tell some atoiy—something to make one's blood srarm." "'Wait, yer fool," retorted Tom," you're dike a damn boy j I'm going to tell yer fact, no lies." (The hasty it mark of Jem's had the efieot of j irritating Tom, and causing him to raise his etygbao" voice, which I wu rosy aba at) " I beliero the devil got hold of my body as I wu coming from OuUemaine, for although I1 re done many wicked things in my wicked life, I never did anything to oome up to what Pm going to tell yer. The Deril actually garo me • knife. When I struck the Walla Road, I hadn't walked thirty yards before I picked up a amall pared that bad a bran-new knife in it. I wrapped it up and pot it in my pocket. I struck off the Toad on s tack at about fire o'clock, and soon saw smoke rising from a chimney. I made for it—I knew it wu a station. When I got there I found only a gal on the plaee. On, such a beantifol creature, Jim ; I see her J looking at me every night, but not smiling." "Now, Tom, don't be sentimental; to business. Of ooune you robbed the plane P" " Stop, yon fool," replied Tom." I asked her for a feed in the beet way u I knew how, call ing her 'gracious Hiss,' and telling her ihad'nt had anything all day. 'Oh, oestainly,* she said, and smiled at me like the sun ; die showed me her pretty white teeth when she smiled, and looked at me with such a pitying look. She gave me a fine supper, and I felt in no way disposed to go away. But I oan tell yon she did nt forget to tell me. She came to me like an angel, and said, laughing,' I think yoa'd better j go now and make your house, its getting late. *Oan't I step hero all night,* *ays I. Ton" should bre asm her foes then—first crimson, then pale and didn't her eyas shine. "1 Sir, I have treated you like a gentleman ; I expect yon to go about your Business at usee, at my request.' ' "lean tell yer, Jem, although she pot on such a mighty fine air, and appeared ao brave, I j oould toe her little hands trembling like leaves. j ' Of count, mum,' says I;' I hope no offence.' 'None whatever; good night, rir,' she arid, but with such a shaky voioe. I stw her loose , the dog directly I had gone and fasten Urn new the door, but tayt I to myself * Old ga^ there's more than one door for this child; don't want a big one.' I went away shoot 600 nrds and bnih a mia-mfe, and hada sleep, but soon awoke. I pulled off mr boob, hid tham under the bans, pulled off the paper from the knife the Devil had given ma, and made ariart back to see Oie young lady. Xt wu quite dad. I approached so quietly In my Bookings that not even toe dog heerd me. I got up on a {rile of wood to look through a little window, and thsre 1 as her sitting with a book in her hand, looking up every minute, •u scared like and pale. I as the door was barred, and I knew it woold beetbht JltXqr tne to get through the window; ao 1 aaade up. my mind to wait till aba had gone to bed.- X thought she trotdd wtrer gos-ttiste she *&, reading and starting like a ghost, and I knew if I attempted to get in at toe window while abe wu there she would have done something. At bet rise went I waited half an hour ; when I m>t up on the wood and poshed In too window, nut toe damn thing went right thro ugh and smashed on the ground with a toandssing ! sound. The dog hashed as if it wee mad, and j rattled op the chain as if the house wee on j fire. I WU obliged to go down'head first, 1 felling oe my bends, any beria Bomb* after ] over my bead, maldng -another tow, I heard ] tnte fearfld eersam in rise .toner riw andno' j mare.' I had a hard job to find thatches get a Ijpiti when I-did gist fim 1 ISti «andb and *ent into her tomn, wharol found 1 said, 'Nerar fear, - Mbs, I am only noma in for; • feed.'■ «sT^'t'0awr«fe7*'- "' ~ Baring in nwsyJ tori {ptl(t *" F*seot eatloud (hood IoSwed her aomejhat she • ' hot rind feundtonahrif* •Oven' $9a toao. weot pat io^fto* i 'sqrintfall sound, hut foand t had arid " "" r nanus, anaproyea aaoro waiumy abe prayed to Ood for me io spore I frit my heart toftaa, Bha boked at aoh a look as I horar anw bsforo, and >k I navar wish torn again. It had mots effect than licr _words._ Buljust.ps 1 wesgoi D»ni : toM « Mil a ■nrl tdnocrf towards tier. I bad ha UneMtn were so strong. JJUe grasped Urn lisni that bed the I ulfe with fearful force, but beretrengtbdid nothullong." ! ■ ■„ Hkre the villain made • start, pushed Jam astdeiTMd hhbreath, end gaeed hard at tee, bat my steady gentle snore reeompoted htm; He teak another glass of punch, end -looked down eceitt in one of bii sulk/moods.,l . . i " You're m tool, Tom," eeid Jem, "l»V didn'kyou set the house on Sre t It'vromdtiH here done en; barm. It wirn't yout fault if the -iU iwild.be killed. How did you get outr • "I opened the door end mede the doggo beck with | big ttiok, but u I rushed out he bit e pieoe out of my breeches" at the bottom." "Wh; didn't yon buhi tin .nlt-nhf said Jem. *" Why didn't you do away with those trbukera and that epoon, you fool r" " There'* no need," returned Tola, with a fiendish grin j " I heard them saying at the houto that a man wae going to bohutig for the murder who bad bean clearly proved to be the man." "Take my advice," said Jem, too late, " bum them troneen, and do away with that there epoon." " I'm more uneasy about the mia-mia," re plied he. "Put the epoon in the aikea now, and bum your tronton when that teller** gone out to-morrow," mid Jem, pointing to me. "How, Tom, keep up your pecker, take another glass, and let's turn in." I felt too muob excited to feel eleepy, al though I know I forgot eereral time* to keep up the snore. I felt somewhat atartled when Tbm staggered to my bunk and held the candle near my nee, but by long experience and urn to danger I wa* aue to keep the serene ap pearance of sleep on my faoe. " No fear," mid Tom," the is asleep." I fed stun that had I shown any symptoms of wakefulness it would hare coat me my life. I wee dad, at nmy be supposed, when these doubly-dyed villains got into bed and put the light out. When I felt rare they were asleep, I wot my revolver, rolled out or bed quietly, and went to the fire-plaoe and secured the aahee. I went quietly out and proceeded toward* the home station, knookoa up Mr. M'Kenxie, showed him my warrant, told him the irhole story, and asked his assists noe. He, his ion, and two of the men on whom he could rely, accompanied me to the hut or out station. When wa arrived at the hut the day was jot tweaking. A light was Struck. We all entered. The whole bottle of strong rum had been dtnhk. The work of securing the two men was quite easy, as thqr were still drunk, and very sleepy. Ifoundtheoorduroy trousers with the rent under the head of the murderer. 