THE DEBATE ON ASSISTED IMMIGRATION. The vote of £40,000 for Assisted Immigra tion gave rise to a warm debate in the As sembly on Thursday evening. There was more anger than strength, however, in the kind of opposition offered, and the division upon the question placed those by whom it was raised ra a Riinority of seven to thirty Six. It is .satisfactory to know that the preponderance of public feeling out of doors in favour of the system of Assisted Immi gration, is well shown if not fully represented by the majority in the Assembly. The dis like to that system is peculiar to one or two members of our Assembly. In respect to it like true nominees but not having the Bame technical pretensions, — they represent nobody but themselves. And it is rather remarkable, they never bring forward their views upon the subject except when the customary Immigration vote is proposed in the House. Believing it to be the most important question of all, — in short, ' the question of questions,' ac cording to Dr. Lang, why do they not bring it up for popular discussion at an election ? Verily, they are wise in their generation. But the present would be the proper time, if the opinions conveyed in Dr. Lang's speech are correct, for that Reverend Gentleman to republish his once celebrated pamphlet under the above heading. The same dangers against which it was meant to be a warning, are making their appearance in more startling and ominous forms. Too many of the Irish people are finding their way into this colony; and the '* Question of questions' with the Honour able and Reverend member for Sydney West, is how to put a stop to them. To issue a pamphlet frcm the colonial press or to broach the subject at a public meeting, or even to hint at it from the hustings would be, he well knows, the height of political imprudence now in ' a representative man' who aspires to general popularity. The Irish have somehow become much more numerous, wealthy and influential since the time when the Doctor's denunciations of them sought a wider field than bis place in, Parliament. They meet him everywhere now, even like Banquo's ghost — to which he has so often compared himself, — as if 'to push him from his seat.' No wonder that he Bhonld feel some of those misgivings in regard to his political future that tor niented the sonl of his usurping countryman, Macbeth. The passage is familiar to the leverend gentleman 1 he has repeatedly given }t, with immense applause, at public meet lngs as applicable to his own inextinguish able career. T — — ? -'The times have been inat, when the brains were out, the man would die, And thore an eud! but now they rise again, With twenty mortal murders oh their crowns, and push ub from our stools.' We may be excused for giving our atten tion exclusively to the speech of the wverend member for West Sydney. He w«s the leader of the opposition on the occasion, and their only efficient spokesman, -to other five or six took refuge as it were behind his boldness as if quite willing to endorse all that he said without wishing to be held responsible for it by their constitu ents. He, in respect to that little clique «nd their scattered followers out of door*, may be regarded as approaching the dignity, upon this subject of immigration, of a repre sentative man, His opinions are, like theirs, not the result of calm ohservatidn experience and reasoning. They are the product rather of early associations and narrow-minded prejudices connected with country and creed, sect and party. Hence the Reverend member, in attacking the system of Assisted Immigration avoids any attempt to refute the arguments adduced in its favor, but confines himself to exaggera ting certain imagined defects in its workings, and pointing those sneers which are vulgarly levelled against a portion of its supposed results. He shuts his eyes to the fact that the inconveniences and disadvantages attributable to the present system, have been chargeable in a much higher degree to the systems which preceded it. He forgets, or refuses to remember and acknowledge, that if idle and useless persons are occasionally brought here now, such individuals formed a much larger proportion of the immigrants formerly introduced at the public expense under the Bounty System. Whilst that system was in fall play in this colony, were there no newly- arrived immigrants looking for employment 'as policemen' or any thing, and unable to find it at any wages ? Were they not parading the streets in some thing like regiments, and holding daily public meetings in Hyde Park for want of something better to do? Why, if our memory serves us rightly, the Reverend member for' West Sydney himself addressed some of these starvation gatherings, urging patience and administering hope. Thut deputations of immigrants demanding em ployment waited upon him on more than one occasion we think we have a distinct recollection, as also that he earned golden opinion's from all sorts of persons through humanely pleading their claims upon the government for work upon the roads and wages sufficient at least to support life. But the Reverend member ie not now called upon to exert himself in behalf of starving hundreds of immigrants brought out under the system now , in operation. Ha says, indeed, that a large part of his time is taken up at present by answering the applications of immigrants from Ireland desirous of easy and respectable employ ment. Possibly he is under some delusion in reference to -the country of the ap plicants: — it is a matter upon which he is peculiarly susceptible of false impressions. That persons do apply by letter to a member of Assembly supposed to have great influence over the ministry, begging of him to look over their testi monials and recommend them for appoint ments, is quite certain from the Reverend member's statement, if it were not highly probable in itself, yet they may not be Irishmen, or if so, may they not have other claims upon his Reverence. Instead of ap plying for temporal assistance, they might, perhaps, but for the urgency of their affairs, have applied to him for spiritual conso lation. It must be a mistake of the Doctor's. We cannot credit that the newly-arrived im migrants who take up so large a share of his valuable time in replying to their begging letters, . are Irishmen. He labours under an hallucination in regard to that cir cumstance produced in certain minds by the annual votes for Assisted Immigration. A new-comer, such persons always set down as Irish, Although he should speak in the broadest Scotch, his words would sound in their ears as breathing of the richest brogue of Connaught. It should afford some satis faction however to public men iu the beseiged condition of Dr. Lang, that these immigrants looking for employment corres pond with him by letter, enclosing testi monials, — and that they do not approach him now in formidable looking, numerous and noisy deputations* presenting no certifi cates of character of a higher stamp than angry or hopeless looks. He scarcely knovv& what he owes in this respect and others to Assisted Immigration. We shall do our best to make him duly sensible of his obli gations. The Weather. — For the last few day the fall of rain has been copious and steady, and will piove of great service to the country districts Yes torday morning the rain was very heavy and fort few hours reminded one of the time when the coun try suffered rrom so many .floods. Fortunately tin. fears of such calamity are not very great, as the rain, although constai t, has not been very heavy. 