I . Tuesday, 5th. , . Alfred Burne, cross-examined by Mr. Roberts I am, twenty years of acre I did not give any evidence at the inquest on the joy of Kinder, although I was aware that an inquest was to be held, Bertrand having told me than he was going there I did not go because I was iioAaMH cosmical enclose ; I have been subpoenaed here ; I uva been at the Detective Office since the inquest ; I meet him, being in danger of my life if Bertrand got Kb liberty; it was slightly for the sake of public justice, mud by way of protecting my life that I went there-the object being well I i>rNcrva(ion in particular, and the other in a slight degree ; I did not go there for fear I might be implicated in the charge against Bertrand ; I went voluntarily ; I voluntarily stated what I knew; before I went to Captain McLerie I told Mr. Layard, of Jamison street, all I knew about the affair; it took me 1 about on hour to give my statement at (the Detective Office ; J look three letters to Mrs. Kinder ; two I received from Mr. Bertrand, and one from Mrs. Bertrand ; there was to JJ secrecy; Bertrand told me that if Mr. King had not gone to the office and I saw him I was not to give him the I letter ; he told me to look out for him on the way and gave J me a description of him Bertrand told me this about 9 o'clock I stated yesterday it was between 8 and 9 o'clock ; I I to the best of my recollection it was about half an hour , after when I got there, because I missed the house ; when I reached the house it was about 9 ; he gave me directions as to house, but they had moved ; I found that out by going (home that morning; yesterday I forgot to state many important facts in connexion with my evidence until Mr. Butler reminded me of (bom ; I did not say from whom the letter came no one but myself and Bertrand was present at any of the conversations I have related with regard to the delivery of letters, buying pistol, and the changes of apparel, except one, I think, that was the conversation about the hatchet, when the boiler of the City Bank was present that was one night just previous to our going over to the North Shore; I have no idea of time ; it was about three months ago as far as I can recollect ; I think it was, but will not swear it was in August ; I cannot say when Mrs. Kinder first visited Bertrand's establishment, but it was before the month of August last ; I took no notice, of it, it did not interest me ; I did not know the contents of the first letter Bertrand gave me, but from what he said to me I pretty well guessed ; I was not told that it was on professional business to the best of my belief it was sent before Mrs. Kinder became acquainted with Mrs. Bertrand, and I think two or three days elapsed between the time of her first visit and the sending of the letter ; she attended shortly after to have her teeth attended to I saw her come when Bertrand was out, and she left whilst I was there I had to make a model of her mouth ; I think she said something about an appointment on one occasion only did I see Mrs. Kinder with her arms round Bertrand ; it was about three or four months ago, and occurred in the surgery ; I am an amateur theatrical, and used to do juvenile business at the Victoria Theatre before it closed. Mr. Butler : Did you act for pay or pleasure ? For ptcBBuro. , Cross-examination continued : It was usual for me to go out of the surgery when patients came in ¡ I had seen her in the surgery before this act of intimacy many times. Captain Cloete : In the surgery or in the house In the house. Cross-examination continued. I guessed they had a liking for each other, and that this letter was for an appointment ; it was about a week after that he told me Mrs. Kinder had taken a violent fancy to him but the day previous to giving me the letter he said Mrs Kinder was a remarkably fine woman, at the same time working I never saw them exchange letters on shaking hands with each other ; Bertrand, about three weeks after he became acquainted with her, told me he was in the habit of having improper intercourse with her it was about three months ago that Bertrand told me in the workshop that Kinder was likely to commit suicide ; he said Kinder was in great money difficulties, that he was very hard up, and would most likely be found dead in his bed ; I asked why, and he said because he is in great money difficulties and did not know what to do for money ; this might have taken place six or seven months ago I am not certain as to dates ; now I am reminded of it I think Bertrand in talking of the probability of Kinder committing suicide, coupled with it some allusion to his loading a dissipated life and addiction to intoxicating drinks ; he sometimes mentioned that and sometimes his pecuniary ore bin residents as the cause on one of the boat excursions Bern and told me Kinder had insulted him, and for that reason he was going to knock his brains out, and I believe the same night he said he had dragged him in fact, I understood him to say he had dragged him every night he went over there except the first ; he said he had drugged the beer the conversation with reference to Jackson and Kinder took place in the workshop ; I saw Jackson at Bertrand's two or three days, apparently stopping there, but I never spoke to him is not telling Jackson what Bertrand had said of him, I had no more reason than not wishing to break the confidence reposed in me by Bertrand ; I have broken confidence now or else some one else would I was told that Bertrand had spoken of the circumstance that he attempted to drug Jackson, and failed, in fact that he had spoken of the whole affair, and threatened to blow my brains out as soon as he came out of gaol ; it was because I was afraid of being implicated in the death of Kinder ; previous to getting into difficulties he stated his intention to put me out of the way and his sister, Mrs. J Kerr, and Mr. Defn- ics, told me that I had better give evidence; I read about a page of the diery before the detectives came-the first page whilst Bertrand was in good ; it was no part of my business to open the books in the drawers, and I received no directions to do so ; I received the keys from Mrs. Bertrand when Mr. Bertrand went to gaol ; my reason for opening the diary was to see if there was anything in it against Mr. Bertrand ; he has some years previously dressed himself in the character of a woman; he did so about three years back as a joke; I once remonstrated with him about talking of knocking Kinder's brains out-that was the night when he told me he was going to MU Kinder-to knock his brains out with the hatchet; I said, how would it benefit you, because Mrs. Kinder can be no more to you than she is already ; I said that in the boat ; he placed great confidence in me, but I thought it best to be on the safe side, although I did not fear him I thought he might take my life ; he often joked with me upon the subject of Kinder's death ; belladonna, chlorodyne of zinc, and arsenic are used in the business of a dentist for killing the nerves of decayed teeth before stopping them ; I am not certain about belladonna. By Mr. Butler : When he showed me the bottle of poison I referred to yesterday he did not say where or how he got it upon another occasion he said that he was in the habit of going into a chemist's shop, and amongst others he mentioned the name of Wilkinson-that he took a small phial and filled it with what poison he required whilst the chemist's back was turned ; I supposed the person who sold me the pistols was Mr. Levy, t Joseph Myers brought before witness.] The gentleman now before me is the one who sold me the pistols ; I got the keys to attend to Bertrand's business in his absence. Captain Cloete : I got the keys from Mrs. Bertrand in Order to attend to the surgery ; I am not certain about the dates of the circumstances I have mentioned. By Mr. Roberts, at the instance of the prisoner Bertrand : Do you not know it to be a fact that Bertrand could get poisons of any description from chemists on application ? I believe he could. 5' Police Sergeant Harris was called to give evidence as to what was stated by Bertrand at the Court of Quarter Sessions on the prosecution of Jackson relative to the sending of a letter by Bertrand to Mrs. Kinder, but all that he recollected of what were stated to be the contents, was that she was asked to come over as he was very ill, and wanted her to wait upon him he did not remember anything being said as to what was enclosed in the letter as a special sign for her to come ; he said that Mrs. Bertrand was in the house when he had Mrs. Kinder there, " Mr. Roberts : He said he would not take the medicine out of any one's hands but Mrs. Kinder ; I give my own interpretation of the answers ; I did not take notes. Joseph Myers, carrying on business with Levy and Co., 197, Lower George- street, deposed that about 8 o'clock on the evening of Thursday, 28th September, a young man, with a person apparently a young woman, the latter remaining at the door, came to the shop to get some pistols ; he identified the witness Burne as the young man who came to the shop ; the person dressed as a woman only came inside the shop door ; this was after the application of the young man who bought the pistols for the money which he got from the person outside ; the young man said they were purchasing them for amateur theatrical performances ; they were 10s. 6d" and I think he gave me. a £1 note ; when the pistols were paid for I did not see them go away together; one of the two produced (that with the secret trigger) was one of those sold on that occasion ; they were sold as damaged pistols ; the trigger of this one will not cock, and in one of those I sold the trigger was a perfect fixture. By Mr. Roberts : I did not see any whiskers on the person dressed as a woman ; it would not answer the description of Bertrand in his present condition with whiskers and moustache to the best of my belief the young men fetched money from the young woman ; the pistol with the trigger guard I did not see before to-day; in my experience of three articles, such a pistol as this could not shoot a man, but it might have shot a man and afterwards have become disordered ; one of the two I sold would not act at all, and the other would not act with the ordinary pressure ; the only person I saw in possession of the pistols was the young man to whom they were handed, John Sharp, butcher, assistant to his brother, carrying on business in Hunter- street, deposed : Within the last three months I sold a sheep's head to a young man very much like the witness Burney's sheep's head; I asked him if he would have it chopped and skinned, and he said no, he wanted it for an experiment, and took it away with him. By Mr. Roberts: I sold it in the forenoon, to the best of my recollection ; he did not say who he was, nor inform me of the nature of the experiment; I could not swear Burne as the same person, but I believe he is the same young: man. E D Mary Palmer deposed : I am Mrs. Bertrand's mother ; I remember being in Bertrand's house with my daughter one day upstairs, and hearing what appeared to be the report of pistols; they were successive reports, within intervals of not a minute, I suppose ; I heard two reports, and in about ten minutes afterwards I came down stairs from the next floor to Bertrand's workshop and looked in; there I saw a sheep's head on a side table, and observed smoke in the room; I observed to Bertrand, Goodness, Henry, what a smoke in the groom's he ordered me out and I left the house ; my daughter knocked at the door; on one occasion, it might be two months or more since, and I believe before I heard of Joinder's death, I had a conversation with Bertrand in the front room of his house, when my daughter, Mrs. Bertrand, was present, when Bertrand said to me, " Mother, I am going to get a divorce.-" I said, " Henry, what a divorce ment, and been married but two years, and have two dear children ;" he said, " Oh, never mind, I would not allow I my own mother to speak like that to me I would knock her down ;";that was all I said, and the conversation ended there Mrs. Bertrand did not say anything ; my daughter and Bertrand apparently were living on rather to the contrary of happy terms; they have been married three years next April ; I think it is for about eight or nine months that they have been living unhappily ; but neither Bertrand nor my daughter over mentioned to me the cause. By Mr. Roberts : I always found her sober, steady, and industrious, and having a great regard for her children ; she made no complaints against him she was very domesticated ; I did not observe a pistol in Bertrand's hand ; the assistant was also in the workshop, and I did not know which of them fired the pistol at first, when I heard the report, I fancied it was the slamming of doors ; my daughter knocked, and immediately the door was opened I saw the sheep's head on the table ; he was very good and kind to my daughter for two years ; he was not a man of strange habits and manners ; within the last nine months he has been very different (to me, during which time I have noticed an alteration in his manners and habits ; I have not known him to carry on practical jokes during that time ; I have had no reason to complain of my daughter since her marriage. By Mr. Butler . Within the last nine months he appeared very strange to my daughter, and, not liking to see it, I kept away; by strange I mean unkind. Captain Cloete : Did you notice any particular smell as of gunpowder in the room after you heard (the pistol fired ? No. George Buckley, boat proprietor, Darling harbour, deposed that he was in the habit of letting out boats for hire ; people often hired boats to go out for a night ; he had no recollection of Burns hiring a boat, though he might have hired one without his (witness's) knowledge. Wednesday, Our. Charles Lett deposed : I was present at the Court of Quarter Sessions when a man named Jackson was prosecuted for sending a threatening letter to Bertrand in the cross-examination of Bertrand by Jackson, in reference to a letter sent by Bertrand to Mrs. Kinder, at the North Shore, the witnesS Bertrand mentioned that he enclosed a ring in the letter and on Judge Dowling asking if it was usual for gentlemen in addressing ladies to send rings, he replied that of did not know that, but he was generally in the habit of sending rings or something when he wrote to Mrs. Kinder; he said when he wanted her for a particular purpose he enclosed his long he said he was ill at the time, and wanted her to come, and she did come to nurse him, as he would not take his medicines from his wife, and preferred to take them from Mrs. Kinder ; he said he had been in the habit of lending Jackson small sums of money ; I think he said the last sum he lent him was £2 ; he said he had only been acquainted with Jackson a short time, and had been introduced to him by Mr, Kinder, who had known him in New Zealand ; this I believe was stated in the examination in chief, and in the cross-examination he said the money was to be deducted from a sum owing by Mr. Kinder to Jackson ; I also remember Mrs. Kinder being examined, she was called by Jackson ; he simply asked her, I believe, whether Mr. Kinder was of a jealous disposition, and she said "if as." He asked her if he was jealous of Bertrand among others, and she said " Yes, he was jealous of every- body ;" he asked her if there was any ground for the jealousy, and she said "Decidedly not Charles Edward Ranclaud deposed : I am a clerk in the City Bank, and am slightly acquainted with Bertrand ; I remember being at his house one night after we had been to the theatre ; I should say it was about a month before Mr. Kinder's death ; I proceeded from the theatre to the house with Bertrand ; I remained there not more than a quarter of an hour ; I went out with Bertrand and his assistant, Burne ; this was a little after 12 ; I asked him where he was going, and he stated that he was going out fishing ; I asked him what he was going to do with the hatchet he had with him; it was what is called a tomahawk ; I believe what he said in reply was to the effect that he had had a quarrel with, or had been insulted by some one, and that he intended to knock a hole in the bottom of the boat. Cross-examined by Mr. Roberts . I have had a conversation with Mr. Elliott as to the reply Bertrand made to my question ; it took place in the bank, and I read to him almost exactly what I have just sworn ; before I went into the witness-box I told a person in Court I could not recollect the exact words of the answer, but I could state the effect. By Mr. Butler : I wrote down for Mr. Elliott my recollection of the answer that was about a fortnight ago. Alexander Bellhouse deposed : I am employed in the Telegraph department, and have known Bertrand three or four years, but until three or four weeks ago I had not seen him for two years; I then met him on board the Manly Beach steamer, and he invited me to his house ; I went there the following evening, remained there two or three hours, he introduced me to his wife and his sister, Mrs. Kerr, and we played at cards ; when I was going away he said he wanted to tell me something, and walked out of the house with me; he then volunteered a statement about the death of Kinder ; he said he went in the garb of a woman and purchased a pistol that he shaved off his moustache entirely ; he said he was sorry for Kinder, but he wanted him out of the way ; he said he was going to get a divorce from his wife in less than twelve months; he said he was a powerful mesmerist, and had great power over people that way; that he had great influence over his wife, and could do what he liked with her; he said his wife knew about his attachment for Mrs, Kinder that she was very fond of him and would do anything he wished ; then he went on to say he was a powerful mesmerist; I think he said he put the pistols in Kinder's way, but I would not swear to it he did not say anything particular as to his influence over Mrs. Kinder; he said they were a pair of common pistols. i Cross examined by Mr. Roberts : He went out to a cafe about 11 o'clock, and I suppose I was with him for an hour; we separated about 2 o'clock that morning; Bertrand volunteered the statement without any introduction or any question on my part ; I did not commence the conversation by saying, A hot sort of a woman is Mrs. Kinder, I should like to be introduced to her; " the thing had been out of my mind since I glanced at the account of the inquest before I came down to Sydney ; no one was present at the conversation between him and me ; his statement was so singular that I could not sleep much that night for thinking of it; he did not say that he could by mesmerism do anything he liked with his wife ; he said he had a great amount of power over her he stated that Mr. Kinder shot himself ; I thought it was clearly understood that Kinder shot himself; and I did not, therefore, question him about it he said he was sorry for Kinder, but I do not swear it was immediately after that he said he was in his way ; he told me that in the garb of a woman he purchased the pistols himself ; I am not positive whether he said he put them in Kinder's way ; he did not say that so long as Kinder was in his way he could not get married to Mrs. Kinder ; I had something to drink with Bertrand outside the house, on e drink I think. By Mr. Butler The conversation with Bertrand was after leaving the house and before going into one of the cases ; he did not say that the pistols he referred to had anything to do with Kinder's death. Mr. Roberts : I had a little brandy and water in Ber- grand a house, and I think Bertrand, took some gin in and some out of the house. Unmet Kerr deposed : I am a married woman, and sister to Bertrand, the prisoner ; I arrived from Melbourne about six weeks ago, and went to live at his house in Wynyard-square ; shortly after I arrived he spoke of Mrs. Kinder, and said he wished to make her his wife that he wished a divorce from his present wife ; he said he was very much in love with this person, Mrs. Kinder; I said I was very much surprised, as in his letters to me he said he was living happily with his wife ; I argued with him, and said that after being married for three years he should think of better things; I only had one conversation with him on the subject of the divorce ; about a week afterwards, or five or six days, early in the morning, just before breakfast and before leaving my bedroom; Bertrand came into my room whilst I was washing the baby ; he said, " Stay a minute, I have something to say to you; he told me to sit down on the side of the bed, and asked me if I had read about the death of Kinder ; I said I had he paused a little and then said, "Kinder did not shoot him- self- he said I shot him;" I replied, " You must be mad to say such a thing;" he said, " No, I am not mad I tell you I did shoot him ;" I said, " But how cruel of you to do was in his way; he said he would do the same thing to any man who stood in his way; he warned me not to tell his wife what he had told me ; I remember nothing else that occurred at that time ; he said he was jealous of Kinder, and that he loved Mrs. Kinder very dearly ; when he said he shot him, he said he put the pistol in his hand and a pipe in his mouth, and that afterwards he threw the pistol that he shot him with into the harbour ; he did not say to me that he put a card into Kinder's hand before he shot him I was told so, but not by Mr. Bertrand ; when I remonstrated with him, he said, " you need not be so hard upon me Kinder was going to shoot me, and had bought a gun to do so " ; he did not say from whom he had heard that he said that it was well planned, and if it ever came before the public they would not believe it he said, we planned it he said that more than himself planned it; we did not mention Mrs. Kinder's name in that conversation ; about three weeks after I had another conversation with him in the dining-room ; his wife was present, but she was asleep on the sofa ; she used to sleep a great deal ; I thought it was not natural sometimes ; it was more like stupor ; he then entered into conversation about the divorce from his wife ; he used to beat his wife most brutally; this I observed whilst staying in the house; speaking of the divorce, I told him how wrong his conduct was his treatment of his wife was everything that was bad, wicked, and cruel ; he attempted her life two or three times whilst I was in the house; he said he might marry Mrs. Kinder; he said, "I don't want to kill Jane," meaning his wife, but if I cannot get a divorce I shall got upon adultery case with some respectable married woman, and men Jane can sue me for a divorce ;" I asked him why he did not give up his thought of marrying that woman; he said he could not give her up ; I said "She must be a bad woman, to be cognisant of the death of her husband; she could not make you a good wife ;" I said she must be a bad woman ; he answered " Yes, I know she is a bad woman he said that was why he must marry her because she was a wicked woman ; he said he would make a second Lucretia of her; he then paused, and, leaning over me, whispered, Kinder did not die by the shot, we poisoned him; he said she (pointing to his wife on the sofa) gave him the reason; he said the poison would never be discovered, and that he had enough poison in the house to kill half the people in Sydney; he said it was very likely that before I went to Brisbane I should see his wife's funeral ; several times he has spoken about Kinder, about seeing his ghost, and when he saw the colour of liquors on the table, referred to it as blood at one time he said he loved Mrs. Kinder dearly, and at other times said she know every wicked deed that could be committed, and that she was a devil's imp ; he also said she was a clever woman ; one night he attempted to murder his wife, about a month ago ; I was in the house at the time ; he had been out, and came home at about 1 o'clock in the morning; he would never allow Mrs. Bertrand a will of her own in the house; she was very frightened of him speaking of some subject I cannot remember what Bertrand and his wife were talking and she dared to argue with him, when he got up in a very excited state and said her time had come that she must die ; he took up a stick with a sling at the end, called a life-preserver, and said he wanted to measure the exact spot where her brain was, so that he could kill her with one blow; she said, "Don't kill me, you promised me on your word of honour that you would not kill me ;" he then raised the stick to strike. and I interfered, pleaded that for his mother's, for the children's sake, for all their sakes, he would forbear ; he told me not to look at him or speak to him, and said " go out of the room or I will brain you ;" I went out of the room with fear and trembling, my tongue cleaving to the roof of my mouth; I tried to call out, but could not I thought he would murder her after I left the room he shut the door ; I managed to crawl to the top of the kitchen stairs, I was so faint I could not walk then ; I called for Bridget, the servant, and when she came up I said, Bridget, there is something dreadful happening in the parlour ; whilst I was speaking to her the handle of the door was turned, and I got up to the first landing of the stairs ; whilst sitting there I heard them saying something ; my brother said, " Now, Jane, I want you to go into the surgery, and she asked what for; he said, "I want you to write on this piece of paper that you are tired of your life and that you poisoned yourself by your own hand ;" she said, " No, I shall not write it ;" he said, "I will make you ;" she said, "You may pour the poison down my throat, but I will not write anything ;" before the. conversation began my brother had poured me out a little weak brandy and water, and whilst I was on the stairs I heard him say to Jane "Drink that," meaning the brandy and water that he had poured out for me ; he said drink it up ; she drank it ; Mrs. Bertrand then came out, and we retired to our room for the night ; Mrs. Bertrand and I slept together ; she slept with me the whole time I was there except one night ; there was then a stranger, a lady visitor, in the house ; Mrs. Bertrand, when she got into the room, sat down on a chair quite exhausted, and to my astonishment fell fast asleep ; I thought it was strange she should fall asleep so soon after so exciting a scene ; it was about ten minutes after drinking the brandy and water; on two other occasions he attempted her life ; after the first conversation with my brother relative to the death of Kinder, Mrs. Bertrand asked me why I was looking so pale what was the matter with me ; I said I had heard told something by Henry that I could scarcely believe to be true; she said, what did he say to you ? I said he told me that he shot Mr. Kinder ; I asked her, Is that true I she said Yes ; this was in the dining room on the afternoon of the same day that my brother told me he had shot Kinder, she said, You know Henry and Mrs. Kinder and I are constantly visiting at the North Shore, and that, on one particular morning, Henry said, "You must go over to the North. Shore;" and said Henry had often threatened to kill Mr. Kinder in reference to shooting him, she one day, in the parlour, warned Mrs. Kinder about this, that Bert rand was going, or had threatened, to kill him; Mrs. Kinder said, "Tell him yourself;" Mrs. Bertrand said, "No if it was my husband that was to be shot I should tell him myself, and think I had a right to do it ;" the reply was something to that effect ; she said that Henry was in love with Mrs. Kinder, and that she (Mrs. Bertrand) and her husband were to be divorced in consequence of this she said they were living a comfortable life together, and were quite reconciled to the fact of a divorce; else being tired of the ill-treatment she had been receiving ; she then told me that, on one particular morning, Bertrand told her she was to go over to the North Shore and take the baby and Sophy (the nurse girl) ; she did not wish to go that morning, because it was raining, and the baby would got wet ; he said she must go, and they did go ; she said she noticed that when Bertrand came to the house (Kinder's) he seemed more serious than he had been for some time, and seemed kinder to Mr. Kinder; Mr. Bertrand was walking up and down the room very fast; and she noticed that he kept his gloves on and one hand in his pocket ; she said, I think, shortly after, Bertrand ODd Kinder were talking about the business affairs of Kinder, speaking of New Zealand, and reading letters from New Zealand ; she further said that Mrs. Kinder and herself were standing at the window looking out when they heard the report of a pistol, and on turning round she saw Mr. Kinder sitting in a chair and a pistol drop from his hand, and saw Bertrand place a pipe in Kinder's mouth, taking the pipe from the table ; Sirs. Kinder ran out of the room; Bertrand followed her with a loaded pistol, put it to her head, and said if she did not go into the room he would blow her brains out ; Mrs. Kinder came into the room; Bertrand then took hold of Mrs. Bertrand's arm and made her face Mr. Kinder ; she told me the blood was then flowing from the wound, and that Bertrand's fingers nearly met in the flesh, and he pinched her arm so hard that the marks were left for three weeks afterwards ; he Bait!, " Now look at him look at him well making her look "I wish you always to see him before you ; " she said that after Kinder was shot they made her (Mrs. Bertrand) nurse and attend upon his she said she was doing all she could for the sick man to remedy the evil her husband had done; Mrs. Kinder and Bertrand during nearly the whole time wore acting in an improper manner, such as walking up and down the verandah with their arms around each other's waists; some time after the shot was fired she was looking round the room and said she saw something lying against the wainscot, and found it to be a bullet flattened ; she said, " Mr. Bertrand ran to me and took it from me, and put it in his waistcoat pocket, saying, ' This is just what I wanted ;' " she said she had been attending upon Mr. Kinder two or three days, when he was improving ; she said that Mr. Bertrand had decided that he could not let Kinder live that he must be poisoned ; she said Kinder seemed better, not so delirious and more sensible that Mrs. Kinder went up to him and said, "Why were you so cruel as to shoot yourself?" he said, " I did not shoot myself;" she said subsequently that Mr. Bertrand afterwards forced her to mix the poison, and that Mrs. Kinder gave it to him that was all that she said to me that I recollect ; I said I must leave the house after what she had told me ; she begged of me not to do so, and said if I left the house she would be murdered, as he would think she had advised me to go and tell of these things, and so I remained ; I should have left on other occasions, but my brother would not allow me to go ; he said he would not be such a fool ; when I first came there I noticed some strange marks on Mrs. Bertrand's back whilst she was dressing ; they had all the appearance of burns or scalds, and speaking of them she said, Did you see these marks? I said yes. She said, "Well, he thrashed, me with her (Mrs. Kinder's) whip, and took pieces of flesh out," and she said this was because she had said something about letting the murder out. On her back and shoulders there were marks as if the flesh had been torn off, and she also had a black eye ; she told me afterwards, in Mrs. Kinder's presence, that he had stabbed her (Mrs. Bertrand) with a penknife, which penetrated to the depth of the blanc and she showed me a pair of stays that were saturated with blood ; since she made the confession about the ill treatment, she said that Bertrand had told her to be very kind to Mr. Bellhouse, and to allow him to kiss her, if necessary ; this he told her at night, after Bellhouse had left ; I wished her very much to go to some magistrate and confess what she had told me ; I said, "If you do not, you will bear the blame, and very likely this woman who deserved it would get clear, whilst you might be hanged ;" she said, " No, I would never be hung, I would poison myself ;" she refused to go to a magistrate ; two or three times I have said I would go, and would bring the police to the house ; she would not allow me to go, and said that if I told it to any one, they would think me mad ; indeed, I believe that Bertrand had told Defries that I was mad ; I told it to Defries, and after that went to Captain M'Lcr of about the case ; I often thought my brother was mad, from the way he went on Mrs. Bertrand on one occasion stated that Mrs. Kinder was staying in the house before I came from Melbourne ; she did not say how long she was staying there, but she said that whenever Mrs. Kinder was there, Bertrand always ill-treated her (Mrs. Bertrand) that when Mrs. Kinder was away, he never attempted her life; she also said that Bertrand had forced her (Mrs. Bertrand) to sleep in the same room with Mrs. Kinder and himself; he took Mrs. Kinder into Mrs. Bertrand's bed, and lay down with them both; abo said that Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder had been frequently alone in bed; one day when we were alone after dinner, Mrs. Kinder was kneeling down tying the dress of a little boy, when she said "You see me a very disadvantageous circumstances;" I said "I wonder how you dare to look at me or address morn my brother's absence;" this was all that was said, as some one came into the room at the time ; Mrs. Kinder shortly after went away to Bathurst. Cross-examined by Mr Roberts : I and my brother were not upon friendly terms at all times when I was residing with him it is not a fact that he, at some time, whilst I was residing with him, refused to assist me in pecuniary matters ; I have never quarrelled with him in consequence of his refusal to purchase articles of wearing apparel from me ; I do not recollect saying to him " you refuse to purchase things for me, but you spend money on Mrs. Kinder ; I did not tell my brother, before I know anything of the death of Kinder, that I had dreamed of his death, or of the way in which it was brought about no allusion of the kind was to shoot himself : Bertrand never told me that he had lent Kinder the pistol; the remark arose out of the report in the paper said that I often thought my brother was mad from the way in which he went on I did not say that De Fries said so; I have said to Mr. Davies that I thought my brother must be a lunatic, or he could not have done and said what he had when my brother mentioned the circumstance first he said that he had shot him; my brother was calm at the time he said he; he did not say that Kinder died; he merely said that he had shot him ; my brother might have used the word die in many conversations, but he did not use it in the first; he often states that people believed that Kinder had died by his own hand in one conversation he (Bertrand) leaned over to me, and said that he did not die by the shot that conversation took place about three or four weeks ago at the time that Bertrand stated that to me I thought that Mrs. Bertrand was asleep ; she was in a kind of stupor; she used to go off into those Sleeps that would last some hours ; Bertrand asked me not to mention to his wife that he had said he had shot Kinder; I mentioned to his wife that he said too that before I left for Brisbane, which I was then shortly about to do, that I should see Mrs Bertrand's funeral; that was three weeks after Mrs. Bertrand told me that prisoner 1 bad shot Kinder in one conversation he told me that deceased did not die by the shot, but that " we poisoned but ;" all that conversation took place on the same night ; I did not speak to Mrs. Bertrand about it the same night, as the conversation took place at about half-past 12 o'clock, and Mrs. Bertrand was so drowsy that I could not talk to her I cannot swear that it was the next morning that I spoke to Mrs. Bertrand about what her husband had said I always told her what Bertrand said I wished to protect Mrs. Bertrand in fact, that was what I stayed in the house for, and of must also say that I stayed parity for fear of my life ; whenever I tried to shelter Mrs. Bertrand in any way her husband always seemed to have some revenge against me ; even if Mrs. Bertrand only took a fork up at the table, and he told her not to do so, it would give offence, and if I said anything in Mrs. Bertrand's favour he would show his spite at me ; we were always in dread of our lives in fact, I had not a moment's peace in the house since I heard of the murder ; my brother did not appear anxious to get me out of the house, but quite the contrary, and when I wanted to go he always hindered me ; he always professed to be very fond of me, and said I was his favourite sister ; although he professed fondness for me he did not show it by his manner ; he was often very eccentric ; even in gaping he would imitate the roar of a tiger, and had done it in the street ; he always professed to have an idea that he could mesmerise people on one occasion, when we were spend- ing the evening at Mr. Defries", Bertrand acted in a very eccentric manner all the night ; he put his fingers up to his head to make horns, and he said he was the devil ; he said he could call up Kinder's ghost in the room ; of course I did not expect that he could do such a thing, but the honor of knowing what I did affected me, and I went into hysterics ; Bertrand voluntarily and unexpectedly made the statement that deceased did not die by the shot, but that " we poisoned him " I believe Bertrand was a temperate man ; from all that I have observed, he was when he said, " We poisoned him, I did not question him about it he said he gave Kinder the poison, or that he had a poison that could not be detected ; subsequently, Bertrand said, that the poison he gave Kinder, or that he (Bertrand) had, could not be detected ; I understood him at first, when he said " was" that it was not Bertrand alone who had poisoned him from his language afterwards, I informed that Bertrand himself had poisoned deceased ; Bertrand did not say that he had poisoned Kinder, but that Kinder had poison ; I will swear that he did not say that he gave Kinder the poison himself, he said " we" gave it to him, and he said whilst Mrs. Bertrand was asleep on the sofa, and, pointing to her, " and she mixed it ;" he did not tell me that his wife know whether it was poison or not I ? have no doubt that Mrs. Bertrand was asleep when he pointed to her from what he said, Mrs. Bertrand, I should conclude, might be wholly innocent, and not have known what it was she mixed ; he did not say that he compelled his wife to mix (the poison ; I have generally a good recollection, but I have gone through a great deal lately ; I remember all that was said by Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand about Kinder because it was of a nature that I could not easily forget it all Mrs. Bertrand said to me about my brother I can remember ; I did not say to Mrs. Bertrand, " Mr. Kinder did not die by the shot he was poisoned ;" when I spoke to Mrs. Bertrand, and mentioned that her husband had pointed to her and said She mixed it, Mrs. Bertrand got up and stamped on the floor, and said " he's a liar ;" that was the same morning, or the morning after that Mr. Bertrand had spoken about her mixing the poison ; I have not stated this before to-day ; it escaped my recollection ; previously (to this Mrs. Bertrand had told me that she had mixed the poison; I did not know what to believe; I could not understand it I am not mixing up what Bertrand said with what Mrs Bertrand said she had previously told me that she had mixed the poison because her husband compelled her; I did not say anything when Mrs. Bertrand stamped her foot and said " He's a liar;" I was astounded, and I did not like to speak to her, did not know what to say ; I will swear that I did not say " Well, I'll tell Henry what you say ;" I won't swear that she said "He's a liar, and I'll tell him so;" the words "I'll tell him so," might have been said, and have escaped my recollection ; I positively swear that I did not say to Mrs. Bertrand, " For God's sake don't for he told me not to tell you " when she said " He's a liar ; my brother did not " im- plore" me, he only asked" me not to tell his wife that he had told me that he had shot Kinder; I did tell her what he said there was an interval of three weeks between the two conversations in which Bertrand told me that he had shot Kinder and when he told me that he had poisoned him I could not have mentioned loth conversations to Mrs. Bertrand at the same time; I never heard Mrs. Bertrand speak in unkind terms of Kinder, but quite the other way ; she always spoke in very kind terms of Kinder ; she never said "I was present at the poisoning of Kinder;" Mrs. Bertrand said that she turned round when she saw the pistol falling from the hands of Kinder; she might have said that she fainted afterwards; she repeated things that occurred shortly after Kinder was shot, and she therefore could not have been long unconscious, supposing she had fainted ; Mrs. Bertrand mentioned to me, by way of complaint, that on one occasion Mrs. Kinder slept in the same bed with Bertrand and herself; she said that Bertrand made her lie in bed; that Mrs. Kinder then come in and that they had improper inter- course; on another occasion she said that she would not stay in bed, and that rather than do so she took a mattress and slept on the floor ; I heard that Bertrand wanted his wife to write down on a piece of paper that she was tired of her life, and that she had taken poison ; she refused to do so at another time, Mrs. Bertrand told me that her husband wished her to go and buy strychnine, and that she refused to go; Mrs. Bertrand said she would not be such a fool, and that if he wanted it, he could write it down and send for it; this was after Kinder's death, and while I was staying in the house ; Bertrand often told me, at that time, that he had a great mind to murder Mrs Bertrand and say I had done it I know that Mrs. Bertrand has been to the Inspector-General's office, and given information respecting this matter; I never saw Mrs. Bertrand interfere in her husband's business as to the poisons used, and as far as I am aware she had no knowledge of of poisons ; after I told her what my brother had said I told her that she ought to tell what she knew to a magistrate that if she did not confess, very likely the woman who ought to bear it would escape, and she (Mrs, Bertrand) would be hanged ; she said, he could not be hanged she had nothing to fear she had done no wrong ; Mrs. Bertrand as well as my brother told me that Kinder was poisoned ; she said Henry forced her to mix (the poison, and Mrs. Kinder gave it him she never told me for what purpose it was mixed, and that she knew for what purpose it was intended. By Mr. Robberds : In the conversations I have spoken about in evidence to-day, Mrs. Kinder was not present. By Mr. Butler : When I spoke of not being on friendly terms with my brother, I mean to say I differed with him as to the course he took with regard to Mrs. Kinder, and what he wanted me to do in the matter. Mary Agnes Robertson was recalled and examined; filler which, the further hearing was adjourned till this morning. Mr. Roberts again applied that Mrs. Bertrand might be allowed bail, but it was refused. 