RYDE, Trnou oun oonnp.iroHDEejT.1 PoMCB Cor;¿T, 21st Octobor.-Before J. Blaxland and J. S. Farnell, J.P.-Jessie Dixon pleaded guilty to an infor- mation, wherein sho was charged with refusing to do her work as a general servant, in tho capacity of an apprentice under tho Act 6th, William IV., Mo. 3, and was thereon discliaigcd of and from her apprenticeship with Mrs. Martha Simpson, and returned "to the Orphan Schoel at Parramatta-28th October, boforo.J, Blaxland* J. 8. Faruolty and J. Devlin, jun., J.P.s. A. Earnshaw waa summoned by George Craig for refusing to pay £8 4s, Cd,, wages duo as a quarryman. Ordered to pay, £7 8b. 9d., also costa, 3s. 6d., with 5s. for plaintiff's expenses.-16th November, beforo Isaac Shop uci-d, J.P. James Hillyer, apprehended by warrant for having on tho 16th instant threatened to cut his throat. Begonio Thomas, a man in Hillyor's employ, stated that on calling his nutter to breakfast on the 16th instant, ho refused to come ; ho had a razor in his hand, and said " this is my breakfast, I shall cut my throat, good byo." Witness and two other men proventcd anything of the kind hap- pening ; but beliove if ho had not boen taken into custody ho would havo dono himself bodily injury ; ho had boeu drinking for the last ten days. Ordorcd to find sureties for his good behaviour for threo months. , PENNANT HILLS.-A mooting was hold at St. Paul's Church, Pennant Hills, on tho evening of tho 31st ultimo, for tho purposo of establishing a branch of tho British and Foreign Bible Society ; upwards of fifty persons woro pre- sent. Tho Rev. W. Wood, incumbent of the parish, occu- pied the chair, and oponed Ino meeting with praiso and prajor., Tho Rov. R. L. King and Itev. Dr. Tucker addrocsod the meeting at considerable length, pointing out the great advantages and benefits tho British and Foreign Bible Society had contributed to all classes of mankind throughout the world. Tho Rev. R. L. King moved " That this meeting, acknowledging tho Divine inspiration of tho Holy Scriptures, and believing that they alone aro ablo to make men wise unto salvation, through faith in our Lord Jesus Christ, deems it to bo tho duty of overy Christian to promoto thoir general circulation in all lands and among all races of, mankind, and would therefore rosolro to co-oporate with the Cumberland Auxiliary in aiding tho funds of tho British and Foreign Biblo Sooicty," Seconded by Rev. Dr. Tucker,,and carried unanimously. On tho motion ot Mr. John Mills, a committee of six was appointed for tho Pen- nant Hills Biblo Association, tbe Rev. W. Wood being treasurer, and Mr. D. A. Thomas secrotary, for tho ensuing year. Tho benediction terminated tho proceedings. Lecture.-A vory interesting and instructive locturo on tho evils of intemperance was delivered in tho Wosloyan Chapel, Ryde, on the ovoning of tho 31st ultimo, by tho Rev J. H. Fletcher, President of Nowington College Tho building was crowded by an attcntivo auaionce, who at tho conclusion of tho lecture cordiallv awarded a vote of thanks to tho rov. gentleman, which ho duly acknowledged. New WESLEYAN CHAPEL.--The foundation stone of a new chapel at Dundas, or Pennant Hills, waa laid on tho 1st instant, by Mr. John Golledge. The ceromony com- menced about 4 p.m. by the Rov. J. Watkin giving out the 640th. hymn, and afterwards reading tho lxxxiv. Psalm. Prayer was then offered by Rev. J. H. Fletcher; after which, tho secrotary brought forward a sealed glass jar, which contained a documoat on parchment, on which woro tho names of the trustees, &c;, of tho building; also that I day's 5. M. Herald and Empire, and tho last numbor of ! tho Wehlcyan Advocate. The jar having been placed in tho cavity of tho stone, Mr. J. Uollodgo carno forward and laid thq atono, declaring ho laid that foundation etona as tho comer-stone of a Wesleyan Church, in tho nnmo of tho Father, the Son, and tfio Holy Ghost, and concluded with an exhortation to all Christians to poreovoro in ovcry good work. The company, which numbered nbout 200 persenp, and included a number of friends from Parra- matta and surrounding districts, then adjourned to a largo tent erected in Mr. Tutt's paddock, where a mist excellent tea wcs.provided. After the inward man was satisHod with the abundance of tho good things provided, a public moot- ing was hold, Mr. J. Mills in tlio chair, who gavo tho meeting a lengthy account of the progress of tlioir cause in the district, from the Umo of his locating thero some yea« ago, up to the present time. The chapel is to bo of Gothic architecture, forty feet by twonty-six foot in tho clear, with porch in tho principal end ; to bo built of stono, clean dressed inside and out ; open roof, covered with shingles ; one luffor ventilator in each end ; to bo lighted with ten lead lights, kindly presented by Mr. J. Sparks, of Parra- matta, Tho protnblo cost of the building will bo £G00 ; surveying and convoying tho land, .{¡25 ; land, quarter of an aero, v, as tim gift of Mr. J. Mobbs. Tho amount already col- lected and promised, is £275. The Revs. Fletcher and Watkin addressed the meeting, when a collection was made, and tho moe ling broke up. 