BttS l^ragtj ( 'From the Home News.) I Mrs. Arbuthnot, the lady who was recently killed by lightning in Switzerland, was buried in the public cemetery at Berne by special permission of the State Council. The funeral was attended by the members of the British Legation, by her husband, Captain Arbuthnot, his father, Mr. Archibald Arbuthnot, and hi« uncle, Sir Robert Arbuthnot. It appears from the medical testimony that Mrs. Arbuthnot must have died instantaneously. The electric fluid struck her left temple, burning the VkQIt* Tf flian rtaaOA/1 r] rtrrrri nrn Nrla kln/tlraniniv nnrl 'Mii ? jlu vuuu uvnunaiuoj uiauauuiug auu twisting a locket underneath her shawl, and burning the right side aad chest severely. According to the guide's account, he saw the lightning strike a few yards below him and run along the ground towards the spot where Mrs. Arbuthnot was seated. A cure for hydrophobia is said to have been at length discovered. A Mr. James Bruce states that the saliva of a mad dog being of an alkaline nature, capable of changing vegetable blues to a green colour, the cure is to be found in rubbing in common salt four times daily, for ten days, in the wound, keeping a compress of the same on the part con stantly. The salt must be only just moistened with water, but not to be rendered fluid. He states the change wrought upon the mass of blood by these bites to be a BpecieB of ' acrimonious putrefaction,' ? li. ? ? ? ? J _ *___ ,i .... _ aiiu eaio m tno opeumu reineuy ior ddo preservation of its texture and quality. In confirmed hydro phobia he advises the room of the patient to be keDt constantly darkened, in order that fluids and acidu lated drinks may be adminstered, heated salt confined in flannel being constantly kept on the throat and abdomen to relieve their constric tion. A great quantity of human bones were discovered a few days si ice by labourers employed in digging on the Boulevard Morceaux. It was ascertained that they were of both sexes, and that they had been interred about 70 years. The place where the bones were found was formerly part of the cemetery of the Madeleine of the Ville d'Eveque, where the remains of Louis XVI., Marie Antoinette, and those of the victims ox the xteign of Terror were provisionally deposited. In all probability the bones now dis covered are those of persons executed during the revolution of 1793. They filled several cartB, and were deposited in the Catacombs. It is said that there are more Americans in Paris at the present time than was ever known. Some of the largest Parasian hotels are almost exclusively occupied by rich Americans. At broad noon one day recently, eight individuals, armed with guns and pistols, stopped, near Nunzia tella Station, the stage-coach coming from Civita Vecchia, firin^ at the horses, two of which remained wounded. The passengers were ready to give up their valuables, when a oorporal of the Customs, Mazzetti Gaetano, of Vicenza, jumped from the stage- coaoh, fired at a robber and wounded him, then loaded his rifle and fired at two others, without being hurt by their shots. During the fight the horses carried away the coach, whioh was saved by Mazzetti's bravery, who alone put to flight the whole band. A balloon of novel construction, called the Esperance, ascended from the Luxembourg-gardens a few evenings since. It was furnished with an ingenious apparatus for steering, and the inventor, who, together with two friends, was in the car, fully — ? ? ? 1 ? ! ? I.1 ? ? iuod mo preuiem. ui uenui uuviguwuii whs about to be solved. This was not, however, the case. The apparatus produced not the slightest effect, and the balloon was carried away at the will of the air in the ordia try manne: . An Antwerp newspaper says : — ' We have to announce a piece of news which will be received with veritable satisfaction by our town, and princi pally by the inhabitants of the port. It is, that Antwerp is about to become a permanent station for American vessels of war. We may expect to see arrive on an early day the magnificent frigate Niagara, and she will be followed by the Sacramento and the Colorado.' An extraordinarily fatal accident from lightning is reported from Britany. At a- place sailed Curay, in the department of Finistere, five people were killed and 10 others seriouslj injured in one field. Donato, the celebrated one-legged dancer, has died in the small town of Cyragne, France. Suf fering from an inward complaint, his malady was not understood by the London doctors, and he was wrongly treated. On his way to Nice he put up at Cyragne, intending to pass a few days there and then to resume his journey; but his health became .so, bad that he was unable to leave. On the 10th of June, at 10 o'clock p.m., Donato breathed his last in the arms of his beloved wife, the celebrated Viennese actress, Fre. Julius. The funeral took place on the 13th, and was followed by a large con course of people. The Civil Tribunal ol tlie Heine recently neara an application for declaring null and void a marriage celebrated in October last at Twickenham, Middle sex, between a young Frenchwoman named Lambert, and a Mr. H. Lucas, an Englishman. It appeared that Mddle. Larobort, already weary of the bonds of wedlock, wished to have the marriage invalidated on the ground that she understood it to be only » mere ceremony of betrothal, that the consent of her family had not been obtained, nor any legal publication of the banns made in France. The husband's counsel pleaded the incompetence of the tribunal, on the ground that the applicant, by the fact of the marriage, which had been celebrated with all the formalities required by the English laws, had lost her nationality, and had no locus standi in a French court. The tribunal, considering that Ait. 19 of the Code Napoleon, which declares tint French women married to foreigners lose their nationality, was applicable in the present case. declared itself incompetent, and condemned the applicant to pay all costs of suit. There iB a woman in Quebec 113 years old. Ber children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren number 226. Brother Ignatius has given a lecture in St. Mar tin's-hall, Long-acre, for the purpose of raising funds for the monastery which he purposes to build in the East Anglian capital. The rev. brother was attired in the costume of a Benedictine monk, and displayed a handsome countenance, showing traces of asceti cism, and somewhat improved in its aspect by the peculiar appearance of the tonsure. His subject was a defence of monasticism as an institution of the Church Catholic. How as it, he asked, that we had not monasteries throughout the length and breadth of the land ? Was the institution a new fangled notion ? Was it a strange, unauthorised, and unsanctioned idea ? Were monastic institutions peculiar to the Church of Rome ? It was only since the time of Henry VIII,, when the English Church was robbed of her religious houses, that the notion got into use that they were Romish institutions. Why, even Ridley pleaded the cause of those insti tutions. The Greek Church, denied the Pope's supremacy, had her monasteries. St. Augustine, of Canterbury established those institutions iu England. St. Columba established them in Scotland, and many of them were also planted in Wales.' Nothing could be plainer than that monasticism was taught in the infallible Word of God, every word of which he believed to be inspired by the Holy Ghost. There it wae thought more clearly than the doctrine of tlie Trinity, or the obligation of regarding the first day of the week as a holiday. St. Chrysostom, St. Ignatius, and St. Jerome, were celibates. Christ was a virgui and the son of a virgin. All' the Apostles were monks j he thought those who devoted themselves to God had chosen the better part, but Jesus only could make a monk. Every man had his own gift from God, and all had not been called as he had been. No doubt corruptions had existed in monasteries, but was that a sufficient argument against the system P He concluded by urging his hearers to support the only monastery of the Churcli of England, by contributing to the collection at the door for the building of their chapel. The lecture was then terminated by a Bhort prayer. 