í TO TUB KONOBADLB TlfÉ OOLONIAI. BKCnETAttY, I [PER FM'OOJt OF TP» r-KFIBB.] Honorable Sir,-My signature will convince yon (hat I have not been long in Sydney, and I regret exceed- ingly that he whose 1 honoured namo I bear is not boro instead of myself. He would have put tho whola of the self-styled statesmen to tho blush for the imbe- cility and supercilious ignorance which they exhibit in managing, or rather -mismanaging, this fine colony. His simplo truths, spoken with an earnestness and pow- erful eloquence, would have sent such a lot of, mca Çables as I saw at tho Ministerial side of tito table on 'hursday night, to earn their living in «imo honest way, not by sucking tho life-blood of tho colony and giving nothing in return. I wish, for the Eoko of my. name, for your sake, for tho sako of this fine colony, and for tho sake of that fino sonso of honour practised amongst thc real statesmen of our beloved country, to point out to you the suicidal conduct you are practising, not only towards yourself and supporters, but also to tho mercantile community and tho labouring classes. If you proctiso such con- duct, you will lose tho character of hoing fit to hold I even tho most inferior office under tile Crown. Truth, and honesty should bo tho chief ingredients to bo pos- sessed by tho .most humble of hor Majesty's servants. In fact, you, Sir, would not take your footman nor your scullqry-maid without ho or silo could produco a "good character;" and why should you bo less honest than menials aro expected to be? "Why should you and your friends oxult in tho reputation of " doccivcrs ?" .Why should you practise political swindling, and pass current in tho best society, and rcccivo tho highest emoluments V FTOJU the 20th May, 18C5, you must be ranked amongst the many political impostors that this colony has pro- duced. Depend upon it, your grand schemo of raibing tho wind will fail you, if it should bo carried through tho two Houses. Did you know that tho Government at homo onco attempted to : raiso an in- creased revenuo for " temporary purposes," by laving on only' fivo per cent. ? Thoy fnilcd, as you will fail. The only legitimato way to raise an increased rovonuo in this, colony is by a property or income tax, and a now Municipal Bill which shall compel the in- habitants of any district whero there shall be over eight hundred electors to form a municipality, and thus monte from tho consolidated fund to tho districts where such improvements aro hoing made ; to push tho rail- roads into tho interior of tho colony as fast as possible, thus opening up the vast resources of tho colour, and making thom reproductivo by lowering tho charges, and thus currying all tho freight ; and, lastly, tho Government offices, and paying properly-quulifiod hands to conduct tho affaira adequate salaries, tho fact being patent to any ono who has fivo grains of sense, that you will not got talent-brains fully competent to important duties-nt such salnries as aro now. paid in mnny departments of . tho public service Tho present proposal for twenty per cont, and tho package duties must not pass, because-besides not producing tho amount, which tho Treasurer, calculates., it will..bo an act of injustice to tho great body of consumers-the labouring classes. Much as I differ from.some things said and dono by tho honorablo mombcr for ]¡Q6t Mac- quarie, I confess ho told soma plain, honest truths au Thursday night : last Taxation must now tako another direction. You havo onough. indirect, and you must collect tho romaindor by direct taxes, -Nothing must bo dono which will tend to eloso our ports. Froo ports should be tho motto of this fina colony, and would vastly inorcaso tl)0 intorcolonlnl commerce and carrying tindo. Placo more duties on tho imports, keep tinkering.with tho oustoms, and you will soon destroy both tho import. and oxport trodo too. -Sea what they taro doing in Melbourne ; they ara Bonding you trade, and yot you seem do tor ni ¡ned to refuse it._ Tho proposals. of tho Tronsuror. aro BO tho- roughly imbecile in their character, so. mischievous ia their tendenoy, so unstatcsmanlike in all their bearings,, that . no ono but a huckster or potty , .. dealer. . could havo . imagined- . thom. Roll oct for fivo minutes, and YOU would abandon their« You-must soo that you and your colleagues will not only loBo.your places, valuablo as thoy must bo, but, far abovo all pecuniary loss to a man possessed of tho slightest spark of patriotism, or evan of common self respect, you will loso your reputation, small as it now is ; for I maintain that your aotion, io producing this mensuro so suddenly, after declaring that tho customs should not contribute ono penny moro to tho revenuo by increased duties, places you out of tho list of honest statesmen. And bownvo of that special pleader, tho lato Premier. Ho. has a rod in pioklo for you, and will lay it on pretty heavy shortly. ? Go on in the absurd and idiot io courso you havo begun, and tho door of your offloo will opon ones for ogress, and then closo upon you for^cvor. remove tho charges for roads THE GHOST OF RICHARD COBDEN. 