NEW SOUTH WALES. By the Lady Bowen, we have received files from Sydney to the 28th instant. The Empire of that date reports the opening of the Parliament by his Excellency Sir John Young, and publishes the long speech delivered by him. The result of the debate upon the vice-regal address has already been made known to our readers through our telegraphic columns, but a short summary of the principal items contained in the speech may be gathered from the following article which appeared in the Empire of Saturday last The Martin Ministry is again defeated, and this time by the enormous majority of forty-two to fourteen. The present Administration will, of course, immediately resign office-that is, the few of its members who are still politically alive, and the fact will no doubt be officially announced on Tuesday next, to which day, at half-past two o'clock, the Assembly stands adjourned. The newly elected representatives of the people have nobly fulfilled the expectations that had been formed of them, and without wasting time in tedious debate hove promptly vindicated const tutional principles, by adivisionso significant that it will be received with hearty congratulations throughout the country. There was, indeed, a miserable attempt to obstruct the signal and dignified censure which the new Assembly had resolved to inflict upon the ministry j for there are small people to be found amongst the greatest and wisest. The Governor's speech informed us yesterday that there were a great many lunatics in the colony and some of the proceedings during the debate that ensued last evening might well be taken as confirmatory of the statement. The member for Control Cmn borland, Mr. Macpherson, tins on a former occasion denied, with great warmth and vehemence, a supposed imputation of insanity and although we not long ago had abundant co of medical testimony to the fact that an affected sufferer is not always the best judge in his own case, we are quite willing to take the honorable gentleman's word, and to believe him perfectly sane. A more unfavorable conclusions might have been drawn from his conduct yesterday by those who judged superficially. The extravagance of his language and the wildness of his gestures, while endeavoring to distract the attention of the Assembly from a great constitutional question by forcibly dragging in the subject of State-aid to religion, might have induced a too' timid friend to send off in haste for a strait waistcoat and the suspicion of wander- ing intellects must have been increased by contemplation of the fact that the success of the attempt would involve the eminently insane idea that Mr. Macpherson might have been entrusted with the formation of a new ministry. The manoeuvre, however, though by no means characteristic of breadth of mind, denoted on amount of cunning that proved the honorable gentleman to possess some powers of calculation. He imagined, no doubt, that by introducing, however unwarrant- ably and impertinently, a discordant subject on which differences of opinion were known to exist amongst the opposition members, he could procure a vote which would supersede the crush- ing censure that hung over the doomed ministry. Who can tell the hours of muddled thought, and the bright visions of self-importance, which accompany gestation as this characteristic little project worked secretly in his troubled brain ? Bow gratified he must have felt when reflect-, ing upon his own cleverness, and how many a brilliant anticipation must have lighted up the dreary hours of his profound meditations ! Like many before him, however, who had fallen into the error of supposing that other people were no wiser than themselves, Mr. Macpherson was doomed to disappointment and mortification. To the credit of the Assembly, State-aid man and voluntaries alike, a general feeling of contempt was manifested at this endeavor to introduce a subject which, if it should be revived at all, must be brought forward in a" separate and far more formal manner. Air. Macpherson was left in a miserable minority of six to fifty and after inflicting this slinging reproof, the House proceeded, with the results which we have already stated, to consider Mr. Cowper's distinct proposition that the ministry had not the confidence of the Assembly. This motion he brought forward and carried as an amendment on the address in reply to the Governor's opening speech. As a literary composition, the speech is less obnoxious to criticism than most of its prodo cessors ; but as a state document, applicable to the unexampled condition of the Government and the country, it is nought. It is not quite equal in length to the message of an American President ; but considering that it occupied more than half-an-hour in the delivery, its authors cannot be charged with unreasonable brevity. They appear to have read with great diligence some of the public newspapers which they had seemed to regard with such contempt and enmity and under other circumstances, it might have been gratifying to recognise in the speech, as we did, many of the ideas and sug gestions that had appeared from time to time in the leading columns of this journal. It may be said to have pointed out, in very respectable English, many of the misfortunes of the colony which the ministry had failed to redress, and many serious evils which they had never before paid the slightest attention to evils and misfortunes which were well known to every person in the colony before, and which the Martin. administration had been appointed to provide a remedy for. It would be a similar case if on invalid, who had long suffered from a painful malady, I engaged the services of a physician whom his own reports and those of his friends pronounced to be eminently skilful and competent to cure, and as if, after fifteen months of attendance, and the receipt of large sums of money by way of fees, the doctor, aware that he was about to be discharged, prepared an elaborate paper, setting forth minutely the diagnoses of the patient's disorder, but offering nothing to cure him, and leaving him considerably worse in health than he was before. The decisive vote of last night renders it unnecessary that we should make any further dissection of this document, which, like the ministry that framed it, is now a thing of the past though only one day old. It presents, however," one peculiar feature, which is too marked, and bears too closely upon constitutional rights, to be altogether omitted from notice. instead of separately addressing the Assembly with reference to the subject of supplies and the estimates, as the sovereign does the House of Commons, and as all other vice-regal speeches have done in this colony since responsible government was established, this speech is wholly addressed to both Houses, collectively, take distinctive and undoubted right of the people, through their representatives, to the control of the public purse, is thus ignored or passed over, and made no more of that the powers of the nominated Upper House. A dangerous innovation like this would alone be sufficient to bring a crushing vote of condemna- tion upon any British representative Government under the sun. - ., ^e Dave a desire to follow the ministry in their last and hopeless defeat, with any further parcel strictures upon their conduct. They have sown the wind and they reap the whirl- ] sued 5 and it is to be hoped that their fate will ' as a warning to others. The collision between J £1 v El cellency me Governor and Mr. Forster,. I s i? s 'te resignation of the latter, will resume in mind when the question of the M. ima action of the Legislative Council comes Ther consideration. It must now be abundantly j apparent that the system of nominating morn- until . 'I)C8Îde8 its political immorality, is ! early inconsistent with fair representation. ' Either cash ministry must have power to procure nominations of its own supporters, and thus the members will be successively swelled to a multitude, or limit must be fixed, which may have the effect of creating an obstruotivomojority against the now ministry, who may have the full confidence of the Assembly. Nothing but election can cure this evil. But while we thus recognise the difficulties of the case, it cannot be doubted that the letter which Mr. Forster addressed to the Governor, in consequence of the refusal of his Excellency to appoint to the Upper House two gentlemen whose names were submitted for that purpose, is one of the most insolent and discreditable productions that over emanated from a minister of the Crown. His Excellency had acted in the indisputable exercise of a right, provided for in the Constitution Act ; but because he does this, Mr. Forster's poor remnant of a beaten and shattered ministry, with complete extinction in immediate prospect, makes a show of tendering his resignation, and accompanies it with expressions which, we feel assured, will be reprobated by every right-minded man in the community. He accuses his Excellency of " partiality ¡" of "arbitrary" conduct; " wholly without authority or recognition from the Constitution Act or from any other statute ;" of an " unwise and unconstitutional attempt ¡" and of conduct " inconsistent with his Excellency's position as her Majesty's representative." This unparalleled specimen of arrogance and presumption terminates with a request, almost amounting to a command, that " his Excellency will furnish a copy of this letter to the Secretary of State for the Colonies." All this bombast and uiBolonce comes from a minister who, with his colleagues, had sustained repeated and humiliating defeats ; had utterly forfeited the confidence of Parliament and the country, and had the certain prospect of immediate ejection from office by the Assembly. To us it appears that the Governor had acted with remarkable forbearance, in so framing from dismissing them all long ago. However, their ministerial career is over, and Mr. Forster may send his impeachment to the Secretary of State accompanied by the expressive verdict of forty-two to fourteen. His little contrivance to go off the political stage in a shower of fireworks has not saved him from shaving the discredit of that ruinous dowufnU which he and his colleagues had so long deserved. The same journal also makes the following remarks on the division : With regard to the division on the amendment on the address, it is worthy of notice that there were several members absent, who would have swelled the large majority against the ministry to still greater proportions. The division was taken much sooner than was calculated, and, as a consequence, Mr. Robertson was not in it, as he had just left the House under the impression that a long debate would take place, but on returning to the Chamber he heard the result. The same cause led to the absence of Mr. Darvall. It being Friday night, neither Messrs. Joseph, Alexander, nor Samuel (all of whom would have voted with the majority had they been present), could, owing to their religious observances, vote. Mr. Rodd, the member for the Southern Gold-fields, and whose writ was not returned in time to allow of him being sworn in, could not vote and Messrs. Laycock, Landale, Phelps, and Stimpson, were absent. It is well known that every one of these gentlemen would have voted with the majority, and would have increased it from forty two to fifty-two. Mr. Egan paired off with Mr. Macleay against the amendment. This would have made the numbers fifty-three to fifteen, or three and a half to one the largest majority by which any Government has over been expelled from power in this or any other country. With reference to the division on Mr. Macpherson's amendment, which was equally a vote of censure with that which was carried, it is worthy of remark that even the mover and seconder of the address Messrs. Walker and Gordon, voted for the. amendment. This amendment was nothing less than a mere dodge to delude the members who are in favor of State-aid and yet against the Government into a vote which would be afterwards used against the successors of the out- going administration. We need scarcely say that the attendance of visitors was very large, and included all the leaders of different political parties outside the House. The result seemed to give very general pleasure to those assembled to witness the proceedings. Several of the new members spoke on Mr. Macpherson's amendment, and proved, by their demeanor and the subject matter of their speeches, that they are fully equal to the duties of their new position, and far superior in many instances to those whom they have superseded. It is also worthy of note that out of the new members who voted only two divided with the Government and the small remnant of their adherents who have got back into the Assembly. It appears that delinquencies in post-offices are common to England equally with the colonies. The Empire states - For some time past there has been in Sydney a defective from the London police, who came out to the colony specially to arrest a man who had been committing serious forgeries on the Postmaster General of England. Yesterday, that officer, in company with two Sydney detectives, succeeded in making a very clever arrest of the offender. We are happy to say that some clue has been obtained towards tracing the cause of the non receipt at their addresses of certain money-lenders which passed through the Sydney and other post- offices in this colony. The anniversary of the birthday of New South Wales was, judging from the long accounts which are published in the local journals, well and generally observed. Amusements of every description seem to have been offered. and eagerly patronised. We take an extract from a. very interesting article which appeared in the Empire on Friday last : Yesterday, without accident, was celebrated the seventy-seventh Anniversary of the foundation of the colony of New South Wales, and perhaps a day more auspicious for the occasion could not have been chosen, if the sun shone as brightly on those who first planted the British flag on the shores of New Holland as it did yesterday at noon on the pleasure-seekers when the royal and anniversary salutes were fired in commemoration of the event, it must have been a good omen of the prosperity to which this great colony was destined. Though at early dawn there was a seriousness in the appearance of the weather, yet a signal gun fired at eight o'clock from the regatta flagship, Queen of the South, intimated, from those who usually consult more freely with the clerk of the weather, that the day would turn out fine. Unlike the gun which gives the signal for battle and the impending doom of thousands, its booming sound was hailed with delight by everyone in Sydney, old and young, rich, and poor. By ten o'clock the heavy clouds had almost disappeared, and the glorious sun, which shines on all appeared in its effulgence and glory-infusing gladness into every bosom. A north-east breeze sprang up, and long before noon races had been won. and lost. The crispin waters of Port Jackson were covered with excursion steamers crowded with passengers, yachts, and many racing skiffs ; 3 while nearly all the vessels in the harbor, the signal-station, the consular offices, and many public and private buildings were picturesquely . decorated with bunting. Every wholesale and n. larly every retail shop in Sydney was closed and in the afternoon none save the publics, rest -Burants, the markets loaded with fruit, and a ft. Y confectionnries were accessible. The people had all left. Through the forenoon the streets were thronged with pleasure-seekers in holiday costume, hastening, some to the excursion steamers, others to the railway ; till in the afternoon one might have meditated on the city's loneliness, like the " uncommercial Traveller." To witness the immense freights which the pleasure boats kept rapidly conveying away from the wharves, impressed on the mind of the spectator a slight sense of danger. But the lively bands on board kept attracting hundreds, and hundreds had to wait crowding on the wharves to seize a passage, as each of the many steamers came alongside. The eagerness to rush on board must in many instances have been accompanied with danger, but for the order maintained by the managers, who were zealously assisted by a few police whose duty was rather to witness fair play, and to see that the first comer was first served. At the railway terminus the scene was equally lively and bustling from an early hour. Some thousand persons were crushing on the platforms to be whirled along by the "iron horse" to Windsor and Richmond and hundreds from the country were arriving to witness the sports in Sydney. Several churches rang peals in honor of the day, while others, St. Mark's especially tolled chimes, beginning with " God save the Queen," and following with several old English tunes. So numerous are the holidays in New South Wales, and so frequently have they been described, at one time historically, at others merely to record the event, that scarcely any now incident can be added. One of the numorous modes in which the day was celebrated was as follows: The old and otherwise disabled men in the asylums at Parramatta and Liverpool were regaled with an excellent dinner of roast beef, plum pudding, &c;, at the expense of J. F. Josephson, Esq., MLA., of Newtown. Four hundred and fifty men partook of this bountiful provision. It is understood that Mr. Josephson in this noble manner celebrated the marriage of his daughter, and that he announced his determination to give this front to the inmates off he asylums by saying that he would not feast the rich without also feasting the poor. Another good example to the wealthy heads of houses. AaitiCüXTOTUT...-Wo (the Empire) hear of some complaints of rust up at Delegate, though in several instances the crops in that direction exhibit no indications of this calamitous visitation. Altogether, the prospects of the farmers about Bombala are better than they have been for two or three years past. Some fields, not far from the town, are expected to yield forty bushels to the acre. We understand from some farmers about here that cabbages planted after Christmas are exempt from the infection of the aphis, and that those planted much before that period are almost uniformly subject to aphis Bombala Telegraph. WESLEYAN CoNFKRiîNci:.-THE PRESIDENT'S OraoiAij SERMON The Rev. J. S. Waugh, President of the Australian Wesleyan Conference, preached his official sermon on the evening of Wednesday last, before the members of the Conference and a large congregation, in York-street Church. The President took for his text the latter part of the 11th verse of the 3rd chapter of the Gospel by St. Matthew : So shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire." After describing the ministry of John the Baptist, and its effect upon the people of Judea and Galilee, he explained the difference between the baptism of John and that of Christ. The baptism of John was for ropontnnco-thal of Christ for sanctification. For a full exhibition of the meaning of the promise in the text, he appealed to its fulfilment on the day of Pentecost, and showed the connection between the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ, and His work of sovereign money and power in sending down the Holy Spirit upon the people. Alouy events indicated the power of Jesus over all things in heaven and earth ; but nothing proved his ox attention so much as this-the outpouring of the Holy Spirit. The preacher pressed on the attention of his hearers the necessity of being baptized with the Holy Spirit, and warned them against the sin of resisting The Spirit. He concluded his earnest and eloquent address by an invocation to the Saviour to send down His Spirit upon that and all Christian congregations, and upon the whole of mankind. Profound silence, interrupted only at intervals by the deep, not loud, utterance by many voices of the fervent " Arnon," indicated the attention with which the sermon was heard by the crowded audience. After the sermon, the members of the Conference, and a large number of other persons, united in the celebration of the Lord's Support Empire. The Yass Courier of Wednesday contains the following :-" A gentleman who resides within a dozen miles of Yass, the other day received by post a letter purporting to be from Ben Hur], and dated ' Head-quarters.' The letter states that Hall and his confederates have learned from their correspondents' that the gentleman to whom the letter was addressed had charged them with breaking down his fences and robbing his sheep station. It informed him that they never break down fences, as they keep horses that can jump them that they never do so mean a thing as rob shepherds that he took a chesnut horse into Yass to sell to Captain Zouch the other day, and which they could ride as well as Captain Zouch and ended in a recommendation that the next time he went from home he should have a good horse and £50 in his pocket, as they intended to appropriate both, and if you don't have them, a dead duck tells no tales.' " The same paper adds c-The young Scotsman, east the companion of Bon Ball, and who was lately in search of him for the purpose of rejoining the little band of ruffians, has at length fallen in with the noted captain and his party. Johnny Gilbert, who for the second time deserted the standard for the enjoyment of elegant leisure, has returned to his allegiance. Dunn has always been steadfast. The quartette were seen on Wednesday evening, and again on Thursday morning, a short distance below Gunning. It was rumored that they intended to stick-up the Yass and Goulburn mail, but as a well-armed guard has been regularly travelling with it, we suppose they did not feel inclined to hazard an encounter. Since then there have been rumors of their appearance in various places, but we have heard nothing reliable." 