..!;??; Tho Coming Season. PbabBel;,, — It having been my custom for some timo'past to record tho performances of various .horses, engaged in tho particular torthcommg oventa, I am bound to say I [col sadly at ii loss for any now material 'for this woek. I moan such material that is' acceptable to tho community^ who may ox i«-iiu i- »Kuj umoronco upon tins importnnt subject. The , {liffo'rene'o is renlly so small iWith tho excoptibnof individual favouritism) that 'tis scarcely worth' recording, and to writo a weokly:commqnt upon horses-.and thoir work, whero each and all aro so much liko what thoy woro seven days ngo, ia indeed difficultinthcextreme. Idonot fororiomoment Bupposo, did I try, that I could. either pick out tho winnor of the Cup or lead others to follow in my track with aatiafaetion to myself.' I ainonly partially uttemptingto do so j but at tho same time those who oliooso to folio w tho meandering bf ... my__.br»in w not bo . . hblo , to say. that by tho tho betting of tho Cup this',yearit ia really difficult to ) name; any horse as being a: favourito in particular,' and so many horses aro standing in tho market at similar odds that for tho presont backers must uso their own discretion iu their selection. . At any rato I havo very candidly stated I did not beliovo that thoso horses who had previously held a high position on 'Change had retrograded in proportion to tho odds offered, against them,1 and ! it is .not either '? impossible, nor is it improbable, that thoso who. havo icon under a temporary cloud may yet bo sterling favourites beforo tho day. Any; person who will take tho trouble to read my previous remarks Will thereby ascer tain that I always stated a disbelief in tho going wrong of both Minstrel and Roso of )onmark, and happily hayo' my impressions been; realised, for both- aro eagerly backed, uuu uru in ruuuty inmost inq leaamg favour ites of tho present day/ Of 'each was it said that j curly hooka militated against their chances, but I am enabled to 8ay, in tho instanco of Minatrel, that ho goes as well or- bettor' than 1 over previously saw him ?go; nnd although I havo not seen .the ibse, I am woll informed that she is quito tho mare sho over appeared. So much for questionable information, which in these in stances, as in others, doea not altogether aarry conviction. ' Generally I' attach soinp valuo to it, i but I havo nover dono so in tho chances of either Minstrol or tho llose. Cervus,1 1 am informed, is not worthy of the confldonco previously reposed in him by liis owner, and Mary, Jano is equally unlikely. to tako nny part in the Cup. But where somo retire, others assumo tho placo of those departed ; nmongst which I may state that Alexandra, ' Tho Miller, and Charles Albort, havo each and all como prominently forward during tho past weclc. Tho first and last havo been con siderably supported, and, if I may judge from the outlay, I may reasonably expect to see ench good favourites beforo tho day. Of the latter, I am told he has grown into a wcll funushed and handsome colt, and that i in their gallop Victoria haa small chnnco with lior stable companion.' Thia wo cau gratefully accept, for when wo recollect that tho Bamo talent produced a Lucy Glitters and a Flying Buck, wo may well credit the Btablo for another good thing. It must not be understood from this that tho ologant filly Victoria is to bo ignored, but simply asl thinkby coinparisouaho cannot con cede the weight 8hohas togivo to somo others in thoa-ace. Mr. Yuillo is nlways dangeroua, uuu uia jiruvuu juii^iiiuiib ujiuiuu uu ac an times -l suflioient gimranteo that when ho puts tho pot on there is a remaining chance for all followers. Of Cnulfield, I can fairly stato I am at n loss to understand why the palm of promier ship has been wreated from Frolic. I have since his dcclino seen him tako a good gallop, and ho. pulled up sound and well, and liis retirement from first favourito on Monday evening last was as great an enigma to ino as it may have been to his supporters. . Sinco Monday ho has risen' again in the market, nnd isi supported by his stable. Tho dcclino' of Frolic may havo arisen from imiinnrossio'h extant that Pntiio or Lancer were to bo brought to tho fore. , Of tho formor I o.-iimot say, oxccpting.in tho tho oppression of opinion;' whero,; Co it understood, I- havo always maintained that I did not think Panic would represont tho Btablo for, tho Cup when ho had tho Champion Raco in view, For to boston' his preparation for the Cup might spoil his brilliant chance for the larger event. Lancer looked all his fondest admirers could desire, and, as far us condition goea, iscminl to what may ho qxpected of his stablo, but iruijiiuiiuy via utuu nu huh utau[ipuuit'JU iligii expectations. He haa imjjrovud with liis year, and a reforenco to his past porform nricos is n better criterion than any future I miry, predict' for him. Playboy is baekoil by hia o\nier, and no horso can go bettor than ho does; tlio question is simply this — can a so-culled cocktail win tho Cup t Of this I cannot advise you. That ho is sound and intended, and will do 'hia best I can confi dently avor; and his stablo comj-anion, Night shado, who is also largely hacked, will equally ruii for 'tho great prize. If it ia a rumtukablo . fact that slow work only cannot win a fast race, then may it bo'asked what chance has Pout? still tho Poet's chance ia not remote, though his work continues as before. Song ster, of i whom I can only Bay ho seems to enjoy tho work ho gots (Ighallalwnys mllioro to my provioua statomenta that ho ia ovor burdenod at Sat 71b), and kicks up. his heels afterwords, is still trusted by thq stable, but gamo as. ho is ho must compound uiidor ho diaadvantago of woight uiuler whioh he labours. Expressly didlinako a journoy to aco oiir old trnm)) card Oriilammo, and I suo no reaaon why tho day of former triumphs may not ' aguin dawn upon him. Ho ia quito as forward na I exneoted to lind him, mid in ; Jiealth, strength, and formution, invites ^ very favourable consideration. As yot ho ia by no menna out of the Cup. Wai dock's stud, which I havo beforo no, care fully cniunorated, ' will woll boar iuupection, and' I fully expect boforo tho day to sco ono strongly suppovtod. Whotliur 'tis If or Maidstnno I cannot nt present adviac, both aro woll,' oiul from provioua doiiigs may.bo\ cpuiO; moro popular. Of Ebor.i'tia a woll riiitiim . fmih thnf. wif.liouh fliRrruiart' Mr. Wilson has always tworral that lio was, whon iu condition, at least, 51b better than Musidora ;' niul . if I can judge at all from tho morning doings, then 1 am dqcidedly of opinion .that' tlio horso goes fur thfa Cup moiioyr Ho is boing highly juvpareO, and should ho stand his present training I huvo little doubt but that ho will be ono of tho most difficult horses iu the raco to got 'I1;?*- , Angler is, very .firm, iu . the, m.a?'*?t- ', nn(l;, great ; hopes nro entertained ot his ohanco for tho Cup, and Lady Heron, a sound honest - filly, I beliovo, will run a truo raco throughout. Mr. I'ishers horses woro under a strange disad vantage in'Sydhoy, ^hero nono would food (common to young stock away , from . homo), but in November they., will-come Btraight from their own boxes; and may probably, as in tho ui8tnnco of Lantern;' blasts year, nii'i pciunda bettor than thoy hitherto havo done. .Shadow and Alexandra hhil from one Btablo ; tho latter had 'a 'great reputation last y°,ar- _--nd has been backed to win aomd thousands of pounds::: Thus,' .'thoroforo, wo must reasonably supposo her to be better than; hor stablo companion. ? It - is not for mo to recommend her -beyond the assurance that .she goea well, and iis in. fino condition.1 Viscount and Counthavo arrived at Fleming ton,-.and it may befo'und worth while to look '»?«„'' their provincial 'performances, whero it will bo aeon that eachlias proVod .himself to hon horse of high class. I am satisfied so COOIl a POncr.ll na rldinivAfi,'-pnn™n *?« I. would not havo brought theso hbrsos so far and have backed them so largely had they boon onlyworthy of competing at locnl meotiugs. lnq. worthy- ownor was closo on' tho! Cup onco with ono of his outsiders, hight Prince, ao wo muBt not disregard him for the ono to como ; ; so , much for, change of, opinion. ?Riyorina wnsaii butaidor a fortnight ago', sho is a poimlar favourito how, and if 100, to. 3 is still' offered ' ag^iiinst M^ozart 'tis simply bedauso his partisans havo:. hitherto coino down in one's and two's only, and tho books aro| not yet exhausted at that price. . Of tho ' others, I must rofer you back to Hell, for 'tis roally difficult (while wo'aronnxiniiH t,n linnnr. reet) towritoabouthorsesbyrcport. Jnliaoum Snoezor has arrived, and tho glorious old Commissioner is backing him freoly, and: 'tis- candidly stated on high authority that should Julia win, his owner's futuro residence will bo at . Toornk. Peoplo . say a station t'other side. of. Jordan ib in nego tiation,: nnd tho kittens of tho torn cat, which, by-tho-byo, '''always accompanies Julia, havo been promised to no less than seven-and-twonty sporting friends. Be this as it may, my best wishes follow the good tempered old commissioner. Wo now como ,to tho sports about to tako place, and I cau confidently assort that tho steeplechases of -to-day will bo full of intorost. I havo already endeavoured in a former' article to placo beforo tho public tho splendid arrangements of the course, and tho many th'nnks duo to Mr. Bagot, a repetition of which from my pen would bo fulsome. The first racq is tho Hunt Club Steoplcchasc— a raco( entirely for gentlemen riders, and mem bers of the Hunt Club, whero each anil all aro desirous of winning tho inuch-covoted prize. Wo ihavo generally found theso races to bo full) of interest and omulation, and in tho presont case it has not declined one iota from former years, and although I am nlways happy to do full justico to professionals, I am bound to say' that both in England and also in this colony in all similar engagements, the gentle men have proved by undeniable pluck and determination in leading tho van, that they never expect! moro from others than they themselves nro willing to perform. Whether it ho in a military duty or in the emulation of groat deeds, tho gentlemen of greater estate never onjoy the risk another may encounter, that ho would not willingly hazard himself. To solect a winner, or to attempt to do so, would bo , invidious, so far as tho men nro concerned, nnd I freely nckriowledgo that I hivvo' no great faith in my selection of the horse, but as far as probaulo circumstances go, and taking weight into consideration, try opinion is, that with his proper woight up, Wandering Jew may just succoedin pullingit off. jThis I know ia an outside opinion, but I cannot seo anything good enough to givo him so much woight over a stiff country; ! .That'. Norman will bo nearly winning, I do not doubt, yet should Albion muko a waiting race Norman should bo safo ; but as I havo heard so much about probnblo balking nnd shifting, I should bo inclined to back tlio Hold I against any two. Tho Tallyrho seonis to mo a positivo certainty for Comet, nnd how Bliieskiu iS'called upon 'to fiivo him l.'ilb I cannot understnnd. At Ballaarat Comet carried Ost 121b, and Blucskin Ust 101b ; tho former refused »t tho Btockyard,,and tho latter fell. At tho Irishtown, Blueskin carried lOst, and Comet Ost 41b, uinco which Comet won ii magnificent raco at Bendigo, beating a good field easily. And I cannot help think ing— without goiny into^too nice a calculation — that ,71b betwoen them would have boen quite sufficient, and moro pleasing to old Blue's friends. Abelard looks well on paper forthb Hurdlo Race, but a distanco is not hia forte, whereas Excelsior has run three milo3;up the' country in very good time, carrying; woight for age. Nevertheless, I expect to seo Abelard win, though probably with difficulty. , , , It ' has already appeared in your columns that Volunteer had .nrrivod. fliiico whieh old Taileyrand, Clove, and Sir Patrick have found thoir way to Viotorin. All aro housed at thoso excellent new stables recently built by Mr, Miller, of tho Victoria hotel, St. Kihln, and three boxes, still remaining, hold out a wholesome imvi tation to others who may feel disposod to do their finale on St. Kilda'or Caulfield racecourse, both boing within easy distauce of tho stables. I nover remombor seeing horses so well nfter n voyage, not n single scratch or a hair rulllod. Thoy aro in chargo of Ashworth, who is already well and favourably known to us, ako, ua tho -rider of Talloyrand, in' tho niemorablo .Champion Rnco at Geelong. May, ?our best wisliea follow in recognition of so good a'sportsmah as tho wortliy owner — Mr.! .Tait. | ', UP- COUNTRYMAN. ! Deau Brll,^— What a glorious prospect tliero is of a brilliant turf campaign this, coming season ! 'How many oxpeotant Cup winners will have thoir fondest hopes dashed to the ground, when' they find that nil their castles in tho air havo vanished, and all their anticipations of gaining tho coveted trophy havo been cruelly broken. Thero ia every prospect that wo shall see somo grand sport thia 801180H. We aro to havo ali tiioTas umiiiau cracks hero to contend for tho rich prizca 'offered by, tho V.R.O.; but it is n matter of great regret that nono of tho Syd ney hopes will nm for tho Cup. What au immenso favourito Volunteor would havo boon, aiul Mr, Tait cannot but feel greatly niuioyed at havinc oommitted Biich nn ovor sigVt. . jTho V.R.C. deaervo great credit for lmvtng jcnino out; with suoh a liberal pro Kraiiimo for their oponing, , apring campaign., I may. safoly assort that it is tho riohest over oileredin Australia. Ami, it Bhows that they have tlio cause of racing at heart when thoy dfl'er ,8iioh inducement.1) to tho owiiora of horses.! Thoro will ' bo plenty of sport -on - all throo days, and should the fates l)o pro pitious,; thero will bo such a gathoring on tho Cup day as will only bo excocdod on tho great. Now ; Yoar'a Day. Many of your readers j will remember tho first ouo, when Mr. ,Yui!lo'8 colours cahio homo in tho van on Vlyiiig Bi\ok. 'I fancy Loan now hear -tho deafening choors which ; greeted his vic tory. ; That waa a 'grand sight, nnd will long bo; remembered by'ine. What imnienso oxcitenicnt, , and what, vociferous npplnuso waa'acoqrdod to botU horse tuul.ridor for having seuurud tho victory for this colony.- 1 nm nfrnid we shall havo to auconmb to Now South' Wales thia timo, unloas somo clippinc; throo-yr-old should, turn out, , or Pnnibi should repent his L'aunccston cou;-. Our Sydney ; neighbours avow that1 Tarragon,' Clove, oiji) Vuluuteer.will run away from us,1 and scbu'ro tho places in that ordor. Judging from tho' late,: running of thoau threb at tho, RandwioU meeting, they aro very worthy to-' prqsentative3 of their colony, and it will bo i'-'a good ' horso that , boats thorn. But what rnvnges havo ooourrod in . blond Bto'ck siuceiiasti Cup day. First, thoro waa lloobuek, ono (if tho' moat promising colts, !bf hiayonr. and who waa thought a great deal of by hia at'ivblo. Ilia. |iorfonnnnco iu the Adolnido Cup, when ho ran Fnlcou to withiu a length, whs ono which onlitled him to respect. And who would havo imagined when looking nt the beautiful Lantern, na he , bo proudly pranced about, that his end waa so near? Who would have thought that ho would only havo lived ono short month aftor his great victoriea? Yet so it was ; his last raco had been run, and he was doomed to perish. Then thero was Freestone, who por formod so woll aa a two-yr-old, defeating tho redoubtable Lantern of Maribyrnpng. . Then, Illumination,, that fino maro, who, ran bo woll lait season, and proved herself by far the best of] her year.' Thero 'was1 also 'Fisherman,' that grand old.horao,. tho hero.of a hundred fighta, and who was! so; sadly; missed at tho' , last Bhow, at Watson's. ; Ho, was a great loss, ' .nqtonly to Mr. Fislier, but to broedors of stock genoralljrj and will bo greatly felt during this coming season. 'Ho' now rests ihencath the gro'en sod at Maribyrnong'. ,Nor havo wo Druid, , who had! ^performed /.vory . .well as a : two-yr-old,''nnd was, at tho timo bf-'his' demise, first favourito for the CupV Waldoclc will fool his loss greatly, as ho waa Me horso of hia stable, and thoy had great cpnfidcnco in him. ??'- ;.; ' , ..'^~ . I must congratulate! tho -Ballaarat Turf Club on ,tho oxcellent programme Tthoy rhavb iasucd to the '.turfites 'of the. colony. .,,Tho Cup' and Handicap ought -both: :tb .-. fill well,* andlhave not the slightest doubt; but' that most of the horses that have como from thq' nqighbonring'cqlpnies will pay a visit to -the metropolitan ? goldfield, to.cqntond for, the rich prizes offered by, that.Turf .' Club. Tho Stewards' .Cup,, '.' entry. ? cuo spv,' ? that , race so ably advocated by your, -correspondent ' tJp-Countryman,' m a latb' issuo of your papor, is one of tho most noteworthy features' in tho programme, and tho Ballaarat 'Turf Club deseryo great credit for .having intro'-'. duced this' into , thoir bill of faro. Thero ought to bo a fino entry for this,,' rind a splbu- ? didraco for tho money. Tho other provincial clubs ought to follow this example, and de pond upon it thoy would not lose bv it. ?' Tho platers ought ; to havo a chanco of ? \vinning some of the money subscribed for tho promo tion of racing. ? ;: ? : ? ' ; :: With regard to tho ? solution of tho great Spring puzzlo I think I may- bo oxcused for ofrering-.a few. remarks.' ' The horses which I' considor will havo the best chanco of iviiming, judging , from previous performance's, nro; Panic, Poet, Songster, Minstrol, Musidora,' - Angler, Playboy, Frolic, ' and Roso of Don mark. Tliqfirstfourarefroin Tasmania, though Panic i8 an imported Engliah sire, and splen did specimens of horseflesh thoy are. Panic's performance in tho' lato Champion Raco wasi a wonderful one, but I doubt whether ho will bo so good: nt two. miles1 under lOst Poet's running nt-J tho , last 'Mel-' bourno Cup and- Champion Raco. waa extras ordinary, ,as in no ' condition 'whatever lift i was J. second _ in. ono -and— third— in' the other.. iSpngstor's deeds in the 'tight little island' ' entitle him to bo ranked as first-clnss, and -so do those 'of' Minstrol.. Who has not heard of the name of Musidora ? »Her running second- ia a matter so, well i known that 1 nm ahnost positivo sho 'will do' tho same this time. Angler's performance' at Rnndwick was a very good ono, nud should ho train on as is expected he must be a; formidable rival nt nil distances. Playboy I consider likely to show ivory prominently. Did ho not defeat ah tlio best horses at Bal laafat,- and win more 'stakes, I boliovo, than any other, florae last season^ Surely, if public performances go forrnnything, he ought at, least to sccuro a plnco. Frolic ia ono of tho best colta of his, year, nnd ia in fine con dition. ' Should ho bo na fit as ho was at tho Autumn Mooting of tho V.R.C., I have not the slightest doubt as to his being placednear the top of the list. Tho Rose ia reported to bo in tip-top fettlo,- and being under a favourable weight must bo very near the first flight on. tho all-ovontful day. She is soid to bo quito herself again, and (should sho bo in good condition on tho day, I will not hesitate in' laying a littlo , on , hor. Hoping, you, will jinsert this in your colmnmv I am, yours, . \- : : ; , OLD VICTORIAN,. Dear Belt,,— What's'tho mattqr,'. thoro. seems no end of bad nights. ? ( Tho backers of tho favourito atablcs don't come out of their shell, yet surely tholiberal odds offered by the: book'mnkors ought to lend to business;1 Tho Molbourno Cup and 100 to 0 against anything in tho raco? Are thoy all such .duffers that tho clover onos cannot spot it by this time, and within four weeks of thb oveiitf ill day ? AVhat nro tho touts1 about ? Surely thero must bo somo good thing dis covored, if not reported ; but aa I havo dnring the woek seen moat of tho horses engaged in tho Cup that nro doing their work ! arpund Melbourne, I shall givo my1 opinion at them -as they appeared to my viaion. Panic, tho top weight, appears to bo .doing gobdwbrk.althoughldonotthinkhocan bo got fit for tho Cup, and if 80, at two milea I beliovo his chance to bo an outaido ono. Lancor ia a fino horse, and I doubt not will prbvo ,'the best in Dowling's stable, and will, no doubt, bo fit on tho day. Frolic, nnother in this stablo, appears by report to bo wrong, ovidonced by tho odda offored against him, though, 'supposing, him fit on tho day, I cannot bolievo ho can givo weight to ovory horBO in tho raco, or that ho over' was or can bo 91b bettor than Lantern. Ebor, Musi-' dora, and The Miller nro doing strong work, and I should fancy Musidora's ohanco at a fow pounds. less than her burden, never thelos3 bIio must and will run a 'good maro on tho day. Many fancy Ebor ia tho best of the stable, nnd ho is no doubt very; fit now.. The Poet, Minstrol, Songster, and Railway Harry work in ' different directions, and it is difficult to follow ? them ; sometimes in ' thq Park, other times at 'East; St. Kildn; 'or on tho sand-hills towards Dandcnong. At thia last placo, on- Monday morning Poet and Railway Harry iworo seen going a docker together, tho formor in such stylo that leads mo to think ho is , bound to mako it very warm on tho Cup day. Minstrel and Songster .are' doing strong work, tho formor in. such grand. Btylo that it iB not only tho opinion of mysolf, but many others capablb of i'udging, that wo havo had no * horso -. liko iim sinco tho famous Archer. .This liorsc,' with Songster, who also goes a clipping pace,i are very forward in condition, and no doubts on tho day \rill strip hs fit aa fiddles. I shall beliovo this stablo bonteii when I seo it'; nt'i present I onn'fc, but think their chance a real good one. Toryboy ia in fino condition, and doing fast work in tho St. KildaPiwk, aomo timos going well, at others awkwardly. His weight is light iu tho Cup, but with such1 horses as ho will meet in this raco I do not' think with a aaddlo only ? to carry ho could wiu. No doubt ho may: run forward for a inilo or n milo and n; half— there I will loavo' him. In Mr. Fisher's stable thero nro the Rose of Donmark, Angler, Lady Heron, and, :Kcrosene^ Tho Roso ia in blooming condi tion, and on.: tho day; I boliovo, will bo tlio horso of tho stable. Angler, from his run ning in Sydnoy, does not appoar to havo done any great things, nor is ho in suoh con ditiou as could be desired, yet ho has many frionds who beliovo in him, and have backed i him to win.- My opinion is, ho cannot have . tlio ghost of a chnnce.r, from tho ' short time, Mr. Fisher will' hnvo had to proparo hini. ' Of Korosone, sho may rim forward if sjio vyill start, but the Cup will not -bo within' her roach in hor presont .condition.';; Lady Horon ia no doubt a good filly, but, with her, as with Frulic, aho cannot givo tho' woiqht away sho does to others, and win. Of Mr. Yuilla's two, Viotorin; ami Oharlqa Albort, thoro ia no; doubt that' they arb'npw.iiud will bo vory fit on tho day, and if. wo are to bo guided by -,' ' Ascot,' it is all ovor but shouting. Novor; ' tholesa, I iiiay,bo pormitted to havo mi oppo sito' opinion, aiul Slinll liot put' my monoy on /'Ascot's' tip, ;but nt the post, nnd tlio horses' fit, ion a stable tho south sido of tho Yarra. - ?.'??? --71M ... rDJlBAMBH.!.'.',. '.'Vomioeuu's' nrtiolo on .tho coining soAspn jniiat 'stand(bvor!untirnbxt wboln1 ,. ' '?Tliq,'ADKt- jui)i5''.RAC(S3' lvill cbmmcnbo on' tlio l'lth Dcccmbor. ' Oastlbmainr Racks. —A m,ooting of Iho O.J.C. wns hold on Wo.lnoadny, with n view to ro-considermg thodatnofthonnnuil races ; but tho original date was ndhorod to. 