UNITED STATES. (Sydney Morning? Herald, Dec. 19th.) I We are indebted to Captain Paige, of the Coya, for San Francisco papers to the 15th of October, being ten days later than previous advices. The telegraphic news from New York comes down to the 14th of the month. The Daily Alta California of Sunday, October 15th, remarks, in its news of the day : We have heard enough from the East to show the drift of political feeling. The Union party, which has deserved so well of the country, which faced the fearful dangers of the last four years with unflinching courage and steadfastness, which preserved the power of the Government, the integrity of the nation, and the honor of the American name, is again triumphant. Although there are differences of opinion among the members of the organisation, the people intend that its work shall be complete before it is broken up by dissensions of its own. Wherever elections have been held of late, the Union nominees have been chosen by decisive majorities. The House of Representatives of Tennessee have adopted a resolution endorsing the administration of President Johnson. The Union victory in Pennsylvania, it is said, will foot up from 23,000 to 25,000 majority. Ohio, Iowa, and Pennsylvania have held their state elections giving' respectively, 30,000 25,000, and 10,000 Union majority. In Ohio the Union platform endorses President Johnson's policy ofJreconstructionJjandGeneral Coxton nom- (nee for Governor, belongs to the conservative wing of his party. In Pennsylvania no definite ground was taken by the Union platform upon the questions in dispute between the two factions and the victory is that of the whole organisation, and not of any portion of it. In Iowa the soldiers nominated a ticket, which though very loyal, was supported by the Democrats, and was then defeated at the polls by the regular Union ticket. In a number of minor elections the Union candidates have been successful. In New York, the Democratic State Convention was controlled by men who endorsed the war and the administration in their platform, and nominated General Slocum for the head of their State ticket. During the war, Slocum was regarded as a radical, and he left the service on account of his radicalism, having had a quarrel with Governor Sharkey of Missouri, in which the latter was sustained by the President Sharkey ordered the formation of militia companies to protect the people against plunderers and guerillas and Slocum thought it imprudent to trust the late rebels with arms. The endorsement of Sharkey by the authorities at Washington, offended the General and he resigned. Within a few weeks after his resignation, he was taken up by the Democrats as their leader. We do not imagine that his opinions altogether please them. but he was an eminent and success in officer, a gentleman of good reputation in every respect, and very popular. He was no doubt the most available man within their reach, and, for the sake of getting him, they sacrificed something of their feeling. Of course the secession wing of the Democracy were very indignant at MR its platform and the nomination, but they had been fairly defeated, and they were too weak to hope for success without assistance, and without the prestige of the regular organisation. The election has not yet been held, but under the circumstances, it may almost be said that there is no opposition party in New York. There is a possibility that some of the cotton States may attempt to assume the Confederate war debt, or by various devices to erect a system of peonage in place of slavery, or to obstruct the Federal civil officers in the performance of their duties and the Democratic party is not above suspicion of being willing to protect the offenders if a good lot of votes can be given in return. WASHINGTON NEWS. New York October 11th The World's Washington special despatch says The Swedish emigration South has worked to the satisfaction of 111 parties. The farmers are much pleased with the Swedes, whom they find industrious, efficient, honest, and orderly. They do double the work of negroes, and require no looking after. New York, October 12. A Washington special despatch to the " Evening Express, says that General Grant has advised the Secretary of War to discharge at least one hundred more general officers, (majors and brigadiers,) with their staffs. He also advised the mustering out of nearly all the negro troops. Colonel Parker, of General Grant's staff, one of the Commissioners to treat with the Indian rebels and others, has returned, and reports everything now satisfactory. A special despatch to the Times says that the delegation from South Carolina, appointed by unanimous vote of the late Convention to present a petition to the President for the pardon of Jeff. Davis, have arrived, and expect to have an audience at the Executive mansion to-day. The Herald's special says information has been received here at Washington that six hundred Spencer rifles, in boxes, were seized by the Canadian authorities at Niagara City yesterday. The (contents of the boxes were accidentally discovered in overhauling the railroad freight. The authorities report it as a case of Fenian smuggling. PRESIDENT LINCOLN'S ASSASSINATION. New York, October 11. A letter from Spaug ler, one of the parties convicted as accessory to the assassination of President Lincoln, dated Tor- tugas Island. September 15th, is published. He says :-" Before God and all that is sacred, I am perfectly innocent of all the charges and' specifications brought against me by the prosecution. I had no knowledge or idea of anything, nor did I aid or assist the villainous assassination of the President either before or after the act." CALIFORNIA. The Daily Alta of 9th October thus notices tbeoceurence of earthquakes in California : Our city and State had a great sensation, yesterday, in the way of an earthquake. It was undoubtedly the most severe shock felt in San Francisco since the American conquest. The coast was well shaken from Petaluraa to Santa Cruz, and probably further north, but we have no news from the Humboldt region. The interior of the State, so far as we have heard, was comparatively but little affected and we know that it is usually not affected by earthquakes which are felt near the ocean. In Santa Cruz, accord to a telegram, all the brick buildings were ruined. In San Jose a little damage was done. In a Petaluma and Stockton the shock was severe, but no damage was done. It was not felt in Visalia or Los Angeles. In San Francisco several walls were thrown down, many others were cracked, a number of heavy cornices and fire-walls fell, various buildings on made ground sank several inckes,pluster ing fell from ceilings, a little furniture and much window glass was broken, several persons were cut and bruised by falling bricks, and many people made a great hurry to get into the streets, he earthquake has come and gone, and San Francisco still stands, with her people, her enterprise, her skill, her knowledge, her wealth, and her houses of brick and wood No house well built on hard ground has suffered, or the damage, if any, is too slight to deserve notice. Along Montgomery-street, where the houses are substantial, we have not seen a crack in a wall. The Occidental, with its five stories of brick, stands without a flaw The tall spires and chimnies preserve their perpendicular direction. In those parts of the city which were formerly part of the Bay, and have been filled in with earth, few of the foundations are firm, and the most damage has been done. The falling of the few walls in the solid-ground part of the city was we doubt not, chargeable to bad material or a bad construction. One satisfactory fact has been demonstrated by the late visitation : tall brick buildings need no longer be considered hazardous during the prevalence of earthquakes, for the five and six story hotels, covering the frontage of an entire block, large banking houses, factories, theatres, churches, public halls, and elegant private dwellings have received the shock without injury, while the buildings of poor construction, even of no higher than two stories, have alone been affected. CALIFORNIA PETROLEUM The fact that petroleum is procurable in California, in paying quantities, is now demonstrated beyond the possibility of question. As yet, but small amounts have been received in this market from the oil wells and springs of the State, but from this time forward a large and steady increase may be looked for until the supply is in excess of local demand, and we are enabled to commence exporting an article which we have hitherto imported largely. The oil received from Humboldt county (but a small quantity is the best yet refined in San Francisco, yielding over 90 per cent, of illuminating oil; but the largest ship- ment came to hand by the Pacific on Tuesday. It is from a spring near San Buena Ventura in the county of Santa Barbara, and amounts to 1200 gallons. The oil is collected from the surface of a small creek at a distance of about one mile below the spring from which it issues. This spring discharges a constant stream of oil, at the rate of about fifteen barrels per day. The oil being exposed to the hot sun as it passes down the creek becomes in a manner volatilised, and is far less valuable when gathered at the point from whence this shipment is taken than when taken direct from the spring. This first shipment has a specific gravity of 28, and yields from 35 to 40 percent, illuminating oil, and 50 percent, of lubricating oil, the residuum being of some value for various manufacturing purposes. Messrs. H. C. and Co. have also received a small lot-120 gallons-of fine oil from the Santa Clara Petroleum Oil Company, at Lexington, Santa Clara County, whose well is now down 550 feet and has 150 feet oil in it, and expect to receive a large quantity in future from the same source. They have just completed a petroleum refinery in King- street, near the foot of Third, which will go into operation to-day for the first time. This refinery has capacity for re- fining 1,800 gallons of oil per day. We shall watch with great interest the development of this branch of our productive resources one which may be destined to surpass in value even the mines, which have reclaimed the whole Pacific coast from a savage wilderness, and raised our country in an incredibly short space of time to unexampled prosperity and wealth Daily Alta, October 12th. THE DUKE OF ALLAN-The brother-in-law of Napoleon III. is a short, little man, who has something icy about his whole manner. Small and weak, his face displays an alabaster hue, which gives him a ghost-like aspect. In Spain the story is current, that the duke was buried before he was born. When his mother was enceinte with him, she was taken so desperately ill, that all the attempts to restore her remained fruitless. The duchess died for from Madrid, at a chateau which had always been her favorite residence. She was buried in the family vault and as is the custom of the Spanish nobility, several valuables, among others her rings, were put into the coffin. The treasures which had been left to oblivion with the duchess, aroused the cupidity of some ruffians ; they broke into the vault on the night following the funeral and robbed the dead woman, and would not leave the coffin till they had plucked a flashing diamond from the finger of the corpse The diamond was on the little finger, and would not come off. This gave the body-snatchers the truly cannibal idea of cutting the finger. The pain aroused the apparently dead woman ; she came to her senses, sat up in the coffin, and, by her unexpected awakening put the robbers to (light. When they departed, they forgot to close the vault. The duchess found sufficient strength to quit her coffin, and return to the chateau, where she was at first taken for a ghost, and a priest was called in to exercise it. But as he was unable to banish the spectre, the people in the chateau gradually begun to believe in her corporal existence. The duchess recovered, and gave birth to a boy, who has never lost the deadly pallor which he brought into the world with him. Napoleon the Third and his Wests , By a fissure 0'l>(otiM<iif.. 