MEETING AT CLARENDON. A public meeting was held at the Royal Oak, Clarendon, on Monday evening, the 8th instant, to consider the question of the deviation of the line of road through Coromandel Valley. There were between 40 and 50 persons present Mr. J. B. Davis occupied the chair, and stated tliat be was acquainted with the merits of both the roads through the district, and was Bare that it would be necessary to re open the question of the Bull's Creek line. He hoped the meeting would be of the orderly character of meetings In Clarendon. Mr. T. F. Cook then proposed the first resolution :— " That this meeting is of opinion that the proposed devia tion throng* Coromandel Valley, and named Mathero, is of the greatest necessity for the proper continuation of the Bull's Creek- road." He must say there was not the least doubt that a deviation was required; but Mr. Camming- was opposed to it, .on the ground that he bad some wood cut up, and he could not get it to town. But it was not right that the road should be for Mr. CumminK's particular convenience. It was only right that all should be represented. Mr. Camming had sent a portion of his speech to all the members of the Board; but it was the duty of that Board to listen to the public and not let them be put off with onesided representations. They should consider the matter, bat the Chairman of the Boad Board said that they should not make this a public matter. The motion me seconded by Mr. S. Daxet, and carried unanimously. The second resolution was moved by Mr. J. Habdt* as follows;— "That this meeting with the deepest interest beg mo?t respectfully to remind the Central Board of Main Boais that in many instances their honorable Board have altered their decision, and that in respect to the Bull's Creek-road through Coromandef Valley for the benefit of the persons using the above road it Is positively necessary that they eltould reconsider the matter." He fully endorsed Mr. Cooke's views. He believed the Board had often altered gazette! lines. At Plggott'a Hill the Board by their Surveyor altered the road; and other instances had occurred. He was quite surprised at the Board's expressions on Mr. Kelly's motion. He always thought the road by the Government Cut was decided and made by the Central Road Board. It was monstrous for Mr. Camming to cay that that road was only for theconvenieneeof oneinan. He had spoken to scores, and they all said that the devia tion was just. He would be always on the side of law and order; but Mr. Hallett seemed to point with some sarcasm at the District Council, and said it was for their interest, but it really was for the benefit ot the public to take the road through the most populous part of the district. After some further discussion Mr. Hardy concluded by moving the resolution. Mr. Grimes seconded. He consider:*! Mr. Hardy's remarks were quite correct, and he .thought Mr. Hallett was not correct when he stated that Mr. Cumming's line was the best, and Mr. Manton said the easiest and best road was through the valley. He was confident Mr. Hallett was not acquainted with the locality. The resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. J. F. Chapman proposed, in a lengthened speech, the tilird resolution : — "That the thanks of this meeting and the district generally are due to W. Everard. Esq., M.P.. and B. S. Kelly, Esq.. for the honest and impartial manner they have asted In respect to this Important matter." Seconded by Mr. F. Woods, and carried unanimously. Mr. Crook stated that there were a great many persons interested, and he thought that the weather had prevented them from coming. There were at the Goolwa also persons deebly interested. Mr. Thomas Turner moved the fourth resolution:— "This meeting being aware of the importance of this matter, propose that the following gentlemen wait on the : Central Board of Main Roads, and respeotrotly urge them j to re-open the question of the route through Coromandel I Valley of the Boll's Creek road :-Hes?ra. T. E. Davis, T.; Wood. R. Turner, J. Fox, and J. T. Cook." He said iie was in the field when the question was moated before, and he was now ready to go into the matter again lawfully and honestly. It was even then a question of might against light, and he was confident that the members bad decided the matter before the deputations waited on them. Mr. Camming had stated what was notcorrcct, and had also stated some monstrous absurdities. He told the Board so when Major Freeling was Chairman, and Mr. Camming had told the Board. Although Mr. Camming stated that hardly any person would be benefited, yet there was a respectably formed deputation of 18 gentlemen, and 251 persons signed the memorial. Mr. Murray said there was no necessity to double bank up Shipley's Hill, but it really was a fact that ;Mr. Murray with his buisouitcart had to take an extra horse to take his load up Shipley's Hill, j and it Is necessary to have help. He hoped the Central Boad Board would deal justly wijh their money. It was an important question, and required energy. He considered the Boad Board and District Council lice man and wife; but the District Council knew more than any other person. Mr. Keinott seconded. He thought it was a very impor tant matter. The deviation was the shortest, and was thought the'most populated part of the district. Mr. Haedy said there was water along the road. Carried ananimoasly. Mr. Shiplet urged tbe necessity of. the road going through the valley. He stated that several persons had waited to see the members of tbe Board, but saw the Surveyor, and he really did not try the deviation in the proper plase, and the work was not done according tt tbe direction. Mr. Cook referred to the Board's statement as to the ex pense incurred; but he thought the line proposed wou'd be the cheapest, Mr. Tbos. Weight knew the line perfectly we.!. He was interested in the line from the Finniaa to Adelaide. In res pect to the Board's officers, he knew many persons better able to define main lines of road. The road was for the inte rest of the whole of the distrusts, and for their benefit He thought Mr. Matthews' property was more valuable than Mr. Cnmmlng's. Mr. Grimes observed that a great deal of fencing would be saved by the deviation. It was then proposed by Mr. R. Turner, and seconded by Mr. S. F. Cook— ** That this meeting repudiates the statement of Messrs. Cumming and Murray at the Central Board of Main Roads In respect to the memorial and deputation, and challenges them to prove their false statements." , . . This was carried nnanlmonsly, and the meeting concluded with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. A Bad Medium.— A. man, who pretended to have seen a gliost, was asked what the ghost said to him, " How should I understand," replied the narrator, "what he said? lam not skilled in any of the dead languages." 