fiOCAU (i ENE-UAt. INTELLIGENCE Rust in Wheat. — Mr. Mnguire, of Yass River, has shown us a sample of tho wheat growing on his farm. It is nil more or less affected with rust. That which was early sown is now being .out. Aiinougn mo rust came too late in the season to destroy the grain entirely, it has certainly pinched it to a considerable extent. The late wheat, in which rust also shows itself on tho straw, bears" "if fine plump head, and was fast ripening when the sample was brought us, but wo are assured that before it is reaped it will bo similarly pinched to that which was first put in. Rust has made its appearance this yenr considerably later than it did last season, nnd therefore the farmers will not lose to the samo extent, but will more or les< be sufferers. Wo are told that the wheats of Mr. William Davis are greatly affected, and, indeed) that rust is general throughout tho district. The crops would otherwise havo been very good. It is to be regretted that no remedy hns'yct been dis covered for this scourge, which threatens to bo as injurious to the crops as the aphis has been to tho growth of cabbages in this district. Liberal Donations.— We understand Ilnmilton Ilumo, Esq., J.P., has sent a cheque for 101. as a contribution towards the fund now being raised for t ho completion of the interior fittings of St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, at Yass. We also notice that Mr. Hume has given a further grant of land to the Yass huspitnl. Mr. Hume's unostentatious liberality is well known in this district, and it affords us much gratification- to record the above in addition to the many notices of a similar de scription which have already appeared in our -columns: : : — — - Fruit. — Although fruit has not been as plentiful -as it- was last year, wo have already chronicled the production of somo very fine sorts. Mr. Grovcnor, <.f Oooma Cottage, has excellent ripe gooseberries :t> his garden, which would be no disgrace to the 'nr. tcrors' shops in the middle avenue of Covent Garden mnrket. Ihc variableness of tho atmos- phero lias been disadvantageous to the ripening of most fruit, nnd these gooseberries are not an ex ception. They nro, however, of fine Savour, thin husks, .and of n size considerably larger than those usually found in our gardens. Political Rumours. — Tho following is extracted from a letter received from Sydney. There are all sorts of rumours afloat nbout what is to be done before and when Parliament meets. It is gcncrally'bciievcd that no delay will take place in opening tho Houses, and the 10th is freely spoken of as the day. It has been usual to commence legislative business on a Tuesday, but Ministers to show their anxiety to meet the-country a Thursday has been fixed upon for the present occasion. . This is something like- 'the' practice of the ticketing linen "drapers who mark up goods at so much three -farthings, in older to delude- their customers: into 'th'o belief that they are cutting down prices to the absolute and'positivo minimum of profit Martin thinks that by a remarkably early reassembling of Parliament, he may tide over the nttaeks on his former dilatoriness. nnd make amends for previous procrastination. Money is required, and therefore there is probably a tangible reason for a January opening. As for the talk about the reconstruction of the Ministry, I boliove it to be all bosh. Martin is not in a position to draw another curd out of the pack. Ho would if he could. What he is to do for a Treasurer, I know not, but as he performed a little of that Minister's dut ies during last session, in taking the pot tariff out of his hands, ho may seize hold of tho paoncy bags this time. Then the great Jeames would bo Premier, Attorney - Genjprnl. nnd Minister for Finance. Betsy is in such shocking had odour here that it is liartl to say what can be done for her. Tho Ministerial cards have been hadlv played. She might have gone in for the Hastings, leaving the T.achlan or Man nro open to Forstcr i either seat he might have been certain of. It may bo Jeff, will ho sent hack to tho Lords, there to waste his sweot- ness. Arnold .will in all probability bo put up for the Speakership; a nice way of getting rid of a clover but dangerous man. It-was said-thnt Jack Robertson was to be the Chairman of Committees, but I look upon that as fudge. There lias been a great deal of talkeo talkeo about Gowper wanting to throw impulsive, impetuous, hut glorious Jack overboard. T don't believe it. Gowper knows the popularity of the father of free selection, and fonls the value of his influence. Despite a dissimilarity in temperament, tho one being cautious, tho other outspoken and somewhat rash, they are as closely bound together as the Siamese twins. Thoro is another political scandal afloat, that-thero isasplit between Mr. Cowper and Mr. Parkes. . As far as I can trace it the story has been set afloat by the Ministerial party. It is a weak invention of the; onomv. The wish is father to tho thought. I don't believe nor ever did that there is any great political friendship existing between the two men, but nm deeply convinced that, however much Mr. Parkes may differ from the other gentleman, ho will lead him all the assistance ho can .command to turn Martin nnd Co. off the Treasury benches apd put matters financial in order. This'is no time for the display of littleness amongst tho Liberals, and should any such be shown, the offender would be come e marked man. I have too high an opinion -of Mr. Parkes to suppose ho would obtrude little differences into a great struggle to restore the credit of the country, re- establish trade, and pro mote tho industries that have so greatly snffored from the Martir.-Engnr bungling: The Premier has great faith in tho cross- benches : they will not he as full as he expects, at all events on the opening da', however they may be occupied should Gowper return to power. Some say . that -when Martin is defeated Hay .will bo sent for. I don't think the Governor will play such a foolish game. What cquld Hay do ? He lias certainly the gift of speech, hut something inoro than rounded periods are required just now. lie could only succeed with a coalition Ministry, and who amongst the Opposition would eoalesoo with him ? He smacks too much of tho thnrough'goipg Conservative. The new House will present a moro respectable appear ance than the old one. especially if Dalgleish is de feated. There are doubts here as to tho issue of the Southern gold-fields election. All sorts of eloctinn- ceringlies liaveheen.promulgntod to destroy Rodd's chanco. There nro many- little dodges permissible at times or contest, but it is shocking bad tnste to raise false statements connected with religion at such times. Thoso who deal in these oa/re means of gaining an end havo little regard for thesnered- nuss of holy things. They are devils arrayed in canonicals. Tho worst of all, liarsare tlic.v who make false accusations in connection with religion to damage the reputation of another. Rodd was the victim of such oruel oonspiracy. but Father O'Brien nobly came to his rescue nnd confounded the stab in the dark enemies of the candiriato with tho truth. All honour to him, say I. Next week vapours will take the form of substances, and that which floats in the atmosphere of the ideal will settle down into _tho -stern real. Then we will again discourse together. Major Christie. — A report is again current that the present'Postmnster- General is about to retire and take advantage of the provisions of the Civil Service Act. ' Should this provo-correot there may he some truth in the rumour that the office is to bo made a political one, and will lie conferred on Mr. Eagnr, with a seat in the Upper House; :! Constable Roche. —On Thursday afternoon, a telegram was rcceived.from.thc Inspector-General, dismissing- Constable Roclio from tho -force, an order which illustrates the Ifudibrastio distich — Ami little rogues submit to fate, That great ones may cnjnv their state! Colonial Wines. — -'Mr. Sanger, of Oorown, on tho Murray, has disposed in. Melbourne of 1-300 gallons of his wine at 10s. 3d. to 10a. Od. per gallon. Th6 Murray wines are in great favour in Melbourne, and the press there are urging tiro Government to admit them dutyfree. Although some very ex cellent wino is made in the distriot of Yass, it lias not been broughtinto general consumption owing probably to the -high price asked for it. Vital# Statistics.— The following is return of the district registrar for Yass. for the quarter end ing 31st 'December.-— Marriages, 7 ; births. 55 ; deaths, 16. ... Important, to .Flockowners. — Sheepowncrs should bear in mind that thoirroturnsshouldbc for warded to tho Clerks df Potty- Sessions by the 14th inst. Church of EnqlaVd.— We understand the Rev. F. A. O. Lillingston will hold divino service nt Gundagai on Sunday next, nnd that his place will lie supplied at St. Clement's, Yass, by tho Rev. Mr. Leigh, of Goulburn.. Wo are informed that the Bishop of Goulburn ;is most anxious' to secure sufficient stipend for a resident minister at Gun dagai, and that efforts aro now being made with that object in view. ' Thunder Storm.— The intonso heat of tho few previous days brought about a thunder storm in town on the afternoon of Thursday last. The lightning was very vivid, and continued to a late hour nt night. Little' rain fell. We hoar that in Goulburn. and further down the country tho storm' was much more severe. In Goulburn tho instru- monts in the telegraph offico wero fused, and com munication with the metropolis cut off. As the storm approached Yass it appeared to divide itself, one part taking the course of the Murrumhidgeo, and the other tho eastern ridges that lead Argyle- ward. The Bridge at Bownino. — This long-required 8tructur'o'is now "finished, nnd in a short time the approaches will be in a complete state. From what ire hear— for wo have not yet had an op portunity of a personal inspection of the works — the contract has been carried out in a highly satis factory manner.- -The contractor was Mr. Vaughan, of Yass. - ... T — Bhn— Hall— anu-nis-oang; — It is ' said that within nn hour and a half of Hall, Gilbert, and Dunn's leaving Kalangan on Friday, se'nnight, they were close to where Mr. Sub-inspeetor Brchu.in took up the cliaso after them. They appear to haunt this locality, as persons residing there say they nro often to be seen there. ' Howcvor incre dible it may soem, there is very good reason for believing that the gang passed through Yass be tween ten and eleven o'clock on Wednesday night. The horsemen supposed to be them wero seen by eeveral in town, and the remark was made that tho travellers .were more than usunlly well mounted. They entered the town from the south end, and after crossing the Hume Bridge quitted the main road near Simpson's public-house/ showm" that they wero well acquainted with the locality. There are certain circumstances connected with .tlm presenco ' of the bushrangers in town, which we do not consider advisable to mentiou at the present time, but from mots within our know ledge, they were on no predatory errand. It is well known that both 'Hall and Gilbert have long been desirous to escape from tho colony, and would gladly quit it if.thcy could do so with safety. We have no doubt they feel the risk they would en counter by- leaving their old haunts and exposing themselves to awkward questions from officials at shipping ports. The Late i Outrage- by Bushrangers at Binda. — A correspondent, who encloses his name as a guarantee for his truthfulness, furnishes the following additional details of the late outface at Binda., The writer, .however, is unknown to us; and we wish it to be understood, as in all other cases where reports aro furnished by persons un connected with our offico, -that we are not identified with the writer's statement : — About eight o'clock on Monday evening. Ben Hall, Gilbert, and Dunn entered the Flagstaff Store, Binda, forty miles from Goulburn, They asked the proprietor, Mr. Morriss, if ho had any firp-nrms, and being answered in the negative, they searched, but found none.' They then asked if ho had any money : he said some silver. They said "never mind," we don't want to harm you." They then ordered Mr. and Mrs. Morriss and two young females that were in tho store nt the time down to the Flag Hotel, whore "Mr. John Hall was having a ball, &c.; Thore were not more fhan forty persons present. ' After some delay Ben Hall entered, driving before him Mr. and Mrs. Morriss, the two females, Mr. Hnd- fiold;the poundkeepcr, and another person. Tho other bushrangers entered nt tho back, firing a shot in the air before doing so. They then bailed up the inmates, saying at the time : " Gentlemen and ladies, don't b.e alarmed ; we don't want to rob or injure any one s we only camchere for a hit of fun.'' They then shouted for all hands, and told them to continue their amusement, tho bushrangers them selves joining in the fun. About an hour after their arrival tho writer was a listener to tho follow ing conversation between Gilbert and a former acquaintance of his, previous to his taking to the bush: — "Johnny why don't you give up this work?" Gilbert answered ' because Government won'tvlet mo ; if -they will grant mo a free pardon I will not only do no more harm but all the good I can. both for the country nnd the people in it." He said that Government only increase crime instead of putting nn end to it by tho severity of the law : that they had no consideration for youth, folly.' ignorance, or misfortuno ; that if persons com mitted one act through any of those frailties, the police chnse them nhout until they wero compelled to do worse. He sail he was persuaded to take to the bush more outof pity for tho person being alone that he went with, than any inclination to rob ; after doing the first deed ho wns sorry for it nnd returned to- his master, intending never to do wrong ngnin ; but ho had not long been there before he heard the traps were looking for him, so lie had to push, and that was what brought him in the busK now; but he said he always spared lifo when. lie could, and always would, but ho would " take another's in defence of his own. Ho added that he was sorry for shooting Sergeant Parry, hut it was his own foolishness. Parry told him ho would surrender, and when 'he galloped up to tako the reins of Parry's horse, his horse sprang past and" Parry fired, the ball grazing his shoulder and neck, and in tho heat of his passion he turned round and shot Parry dead — lie was sorry for that, hut there wns no help for spilt milk. He said Ben Hall was dragged about by the police for nothing, until ho was forced to take to the bush. Ho also said the youth Dunn was not seventeen till next 'month. Ho then returned to the room, whore lie' and other persons heard the following conversation > between Mr. 'Morriss, of Binda.'and tivo or three other persons : —Morriss said it was a shame for threo young men like them to be allowed to stick-up the people when there, was two thousand five hundred tor ttieir capture, jtie saiu ttiat was. not to bo snuffed at, and he would make a rush on them if he -had a chance. The persons thus spoken to agreed to make the attempt;. Gilbert then stood up and declared tlint they had come there not to rob- or injure tho hair of anyone's head if peoplo would keep quiet and let them alone ; they wanted to enjoy life as long as they could ; but lie hnd heard some dirty talk, that there were persons in tho room that would take their lives for the sako of- tho two thousand five hundred pounds that was offered for them. If they were thirsting for blood-money they must earn it ; but he hoped they -would drop ihat talk and let him hear no "more of it: if not it would be worse for them ; If so. ho .would, pass it over. Gilhert afterwards laid his hand on Morriss' .arm. and told him to be off, ho -wanted to lmv3 nothing to do or say with him. Gilbert then entered the parlour leading from the dancing-room where several persons were, and said lie wanted no assistance from his " squirts," but he would give up bis firearms, go out in front of the house, nnd strip, if the four mon liked, and would fight them one after the other ; and if ho did not belt tho four the oat was a liar. He said it was not the first time he had beaten four bettor .men than they at once. Things wont on quietly for some timo after this, the bushrangers treating all hands nnd seeming to enjoy the sport -much. Ono of the bushrangers asked Mrs. Hall to let him search tho room. IIo said Morriss tohl him she had plenty of money there; but he did not want that, ho only wanted firearms. He then went in, but took nothing except n revolver belonging to Mr. :Hn!l, tho landlord. iSoon after Mr. Morriss made his escape through Mr. Hall's bedroom window. Ben Hall saw him enter the room, as he thought, for the purpose of lying down. Hearing somo disturbance with tho horses outside, tho bushrangers went out and saw Mr. Morriss on ono of their horses and trying to get tho others away. One of the bushrangers took aim, but in his haste fell into a drain that runs round Mr. Hall's house, and the shot wont off. Morriss then made off, and two more shots wero fired, the bushrangers said afterwards to frighten him. Tboy paid they intended to wing him .with tho first shot if they could. After securing their horses they entered tho house again and said that Morriss was a — — dog— the biggest dog in Binda —and they would shoot him. Mrs. Morriss im plored them not to do so. nnd thoy then said they would havo retfengo by burning the store down to tho ground, for -Morriss was a treacherous villain; and that there were men in the world who would not let him off without burning him in it. They said they did not intend to hurt him no more than anyone else, and what business hnd ho to interfere with them more than another person P Ben Hall threw up his arms and said that if anyone craved their lives or'tho blood money that was for them, let them take him One of the gang said ho would save Mrs. Mprriss' clothes for. her sake, as they never harmed women and children in their lives— only men who we-o able to tako their own part. The other bushranger said Mr. Morriss had plenty_.of : money in the bank to buy her more. They then went away, bidding no person tp leave the' house for an hour., Somo persons nsked to bo permitted to go to the store for somethings they left thero, and the bushrangers allowed them to go with them, nnd secure their goods. When the bushrangers went to tho store Mr. Morriss entered the hotel, and when his wife expressed her fears he said they would not dare to burn down tho store, and that he did not rare fnr thorn? "'"ililirtlTo 'bushranger s" remninecl "fit TEe"; store some timo they s" i ton fire, and nftenij-ajch- ing it for a timo took t.uir departure. Mrs. Morriss then succeeded in saving some things, such as to- bncco, soap, pipes, nails, paints, dishes, pots, 'pans, kettles, &c.;, estimated at something over 15/., the rest of the property and the building being reduced to ashes. It is currently reported that one of tho bushrangers selected Mrs. Morriss' wearing apparel out,' and told a person where Mrs. Morriss would got them, but that person preferred appropriating them to his own use. It is also reported that the bushrangers were since seen near Yass by two persons coming from Bathurst to that quarter. It is strange to say thnt although police-are stationed -at Binda, the town wns left unprotected on tho night in question.- — Qoulburn Herald. Tiie Bushrangers Hauntino the Neighbour hood of Forbes — Tho Laehlan correspondent of tho Herald writes:— ' Ben Hnll and gang have recently been in the Bundahurra paddock. This paddock, I mny inform you. contains nhout 100 square miles, and extends in the direction of the Pinnacle— a spot for which thoy appear to entertain an extra ordinary affection. The reason for this may" bo gathered from tho well-known fact that they ob tain their supplies from harbourers and toutcrs in that neighbourhood, who havo a vested interest in the perpotuation of the detestable brigandage which has so long disgraced the western interior In fact, I may say that a perfect system of es pionage prevails over the movements — not un- frcquently tho conversations — of those who are in any sense subjects of interests to the bushrang- ing crow, who in turn are duly posted, up. nnd mado intimately acquainted .with tho history of our daily. lives. Forbes is periodically blessed with the rjsits of a fow sneaking, thievish scoun- drels who are known to be in connection with Hall and his brother freebooters, but their infamous proceedings are conducted with a taot and artful ness that ensure complete secresy. I have been, told, and believe it, that Hall and-his mates fre quently visit the township -incog., but that they do so singly. Indeed, a short time ngo a Btrnnge- looking fish, with a humpback and uncouth ap pearance, wns accosted in one of our public streets by some ono, who penetrated his disguise, by tho name of Ben. It is needless to say that Bon speedily made tracks, nnd soon left Forties in the perspective. Ono great source of. amuscmont to these worthies, when at camp, is reading tho his tory of their own exploits in the newspapers, nnd commenting thereupon ; nnd 1 have it upon good authority that they aro proud of shining in print. Correspondents, 'therefore, who gratify their, vanity by glowing descriptions of their performances, now understand to what extent they are responsible. Whatever glory attachos to the vocation of thieves and murderers is theirs. Thoy cat the bread tlioy aro too idle to oarn, nnd meanly, snoakingly. and villainously despoil others ot it who luivo hon estly toiled for it. They are very generous, too, wo sometimes learn, in the work of re-distribu tion — liberal-handed with tho produce of others' labours, exacted at tho point of the revolver. Very manly, very vnlourous all this in1 tho estimation of simpletons and fools, and untaught, half-de moralised native youths ! Horrible Murder, — Some five weeks ngo a man named George Graham, a minor at Daylesfurd, married a handsome young woman of 18 years, "who, it seems, was a barmaid in a hotel thore, and had many admirers. Her husband loft her at nine o'clock p.m. to go to work, and on re turning at midnight found her on tho bed ravished and murdered. The monster effected an entrance to the cottage by the chimney, and having perform ed tho diabolical deeds,' made his exit by the door. A person has been arrested on suspicion of the crime, nnd will bo brought before the coroner's in quest. — Castlemaine News. Reptilian Discovery at Eohuoa. — A creature hitherto unknown to Australian naturalists, has been found at Echuca. in a tank of rain water. Tho reptile measures three feet in length, and was in no part thicker than the smallest description of whipcord. It was ns hard as iron wire, slipping, from between n sharp pair of pincers apparently without suffering at all frnm the smart squeeze to" which it was subjected. Under a powerful mag nifying glass the head nppenred to resemble that of a leech. It swam about in tho water with great ensc and grace, generally having its head some distance above the surface, and occasionally diving deeply as if to pounce on somo minute prny. The curiosity has been brought to. Mel bourne for examination hy persons competent to determine its plaeo in natural history. — Riverina Herald. A somewhat similar reptile, but of smaller dimensions, was found last yenr .in the Yass River.] DROWNING.— A sad damper was thrown over our township (Hay) by the accidental drown- ing of a man named Robert Anderson, about thirty years of age. It appeared, from the evidence taken by E. C. Randall, Esq., J. P., that the unfortunate man was camped on the other side of the river; that he had crossed three times on Saturday morning, that he had not paid either time, but that he told the puntman that he would pay him when he brought his dray over on Monday. On his asking the puntman to cross him again, the puntman, per- ceiving that he had been drinking, refused to do so. His mates proved that Anderson then started to cross the river by laying hold of the rope, hand over hand ; he succeeded in reaching the punt, but missing his hold, he at once sank and, strange to say, was not seen to rise again. The alarm being given, the puntman ran down the gangway and got the deceased's hat, which was floating down the stream. The police were immediately on the spot, and every exertion was made, by giving and using the grappling-irons, to rescue the body, but with out success. The search was renewed on Christ- mas day, but it was not till sundown on Monday that a Mrs. Mole, residing at the brick-kilns, half a mile below the punt, discovered the body fast against a log, close to the bank ; assistance was at once rendered, the body recovered and recognised and removed to Mr. Ledwidge's hotel. — Chronicle. About Gardiner and the Tamwortii Police. \- The children in the interior still play nt bush- ranging, nnd Imshranging still continues. Thero mustbesomo black sheopin those parts harbouring the villains, even allowing that tho polico always come ten minutes too late. I once informed you that Gardiner, on his way north, called at a littlo country inn not fifty miles from Tamworth, where he spont the night. I have spoken to tho landlady since then, and said " Aro you sure it was Gardi ner P" " Sure,1' she replied, " I knew him from a child." " Didn't you do anything towards having him arrested p"' " Notl", the man was paying for all he had.; what was it to do with mo As Gardiner rode off next morning, she could -not re sist saying to two policemen " There goes Gardiner I" but thoy laughed at her, taking it as a joke. Speak ing of the police, I would just observe thnt a few months ngo a policemen might have been seen walking about hero, his eves fixed upon the eround —his whnlo manner showing a man of despondent spirit. -Getting into conversation with hiin ono day, I discovered tho following fners He had been a policeman at Warialdafor, I think, fourteen years or rnoro. In his pockets were a groat number of certificates of good character during the whole period. He kept a list of all tho offenders he had caught, with their sentences. So well was he acquainted with the haunts of tho district, that he could live within half a mile of the town, and never lio seen, or he could walk to Maitland.clenr through tho bush. But now, under some beautiful arrange ment ot the new Act, he has been transferred to Tamworth away from his wife and ohiidren and his nice littlo place, which was all his own. Ho added, ho was frotting, and could not help it. He hoped to be allowed to retire with a littlo ponsion. Anyhow, he could not serve under the new act, as his suporiors were too domineering. Now I will give you a coutrast: About this time, or a little hetore, we hod a sub-inspeetor lost in the bush. The sub (sub now. no longer) was ono ot Mr. Oow- . per's gentlemen— ny, the very cream of a gentle man. His boots and spurs wore almost too dazzling for mortal ejle when the sun was strong. Talk of wa3. .all..hair__above.thQ.waiRt, managed to eab was a wonder. Not a hnif" vvqs out of place in that majestic beard. Well, ono day ho ventured out alone in the bush, and was lost., ana- that within a mile of Tamworth. Above all, he. made a boost of the mattor, saying he had been in India, but the — — Australian bush, he could not make it out. But what of all that ; the man may somo day prove of great use. All he re quires from the Government is good salary, n good barber to keep his bonrd in order, a man to load his gun, another to show him the way, avoiding tho abominnble ridges nnd nasty gullies. Thon let the bushrangers coma and stand in a row before them. It would be a sorrowful day among them.— Empire. Hall's Gang. — Wo heard yesterday (Tuesday) evening, thnt tho gang wero met by a person on Monday, between Binda and Ooohsvato Greek. — Goulburn Argus. MELANCHOLY SUICIDE. — The Liverpool corres- pondent of the Herald writes: — An inquest was held here on Wednesday last on the body of a man found dead in a bush paddook, about a mile from the town. It appears that Mrs. Kettle was walk- ing with her daughter through a paddock belong- ing to her, when she noticed the remains of a bush gunyah, on looking into which she saw the dead body of a man, with a pistol on his breast. She at once gave notice to the police, when Mr. Redhouse, our senior-constabe, proceeded to the spot, and made arrangements for a constable to stay and watch the body, which was in so advanced a stage of decomposition as to render it impossible to re- cognise the features ; in fact, it was absolutely one mass of maggots. Near the body, on a stump, were found some powder, balls, and caps, and on his breast a double-barrelled pistol. It was the opinion of the medical man, and those who viewed the body, that deceased had placed the pistol in his mouth. and thus caused his own death. A man answering the description of deceased had some time pre- viously passed the railway crossing on his road to Sydney, and had expressed to Mr. King, who lives there, a wish that he was dead. Verdict—" That deceased came by his death by a pistol shot, fired by his own hand." The Opening op Parliament. — Wednesday's S. M. Herald bus tho following :— It is stated on relinblo authority that Parliament will hu called together on Thursday, tho 19th instant. Although the writs are not returnable until the 2-lth of tho month, it is expected that they will all have arrived in Sydney by the end of next week, witli the excep tion of those frnm the Gwydir nnd for tho Northern and Southern gold-field. In the case of the Gwydir eleetornte. it has been mentioned that Mr. T. G. Dangar threw up his appointment as returning- officer immediately before, tho time fixed for tho nomination ; having announced himself as a can didate for tho eleetornte; and thnt the Government appointod Mr. James Moseley as his successor. Thnt gentleman, however, does not appear to have token any action in tho matter, nnd it is. stated that ho is at present in Melbourne; it is not likely, there fore, that the election for tho Gw$lir will' take place in time to allow of the member arriving in Sydney by the 19th. The eleotions for the Northern and for tho Southern Gold-fields will come off on the 10th instnnt, hut it is senrcely possible that the member for-eitber of those electorates can take his seat on the day of opening Parlinment. in eon- sequence of tho distance apart of tho various poll-, ing places, ns. well as of their remoteness from Sydney. Two frosh elections will bo rendered necessary upon tho meeting of Parliament, eon- sequent upon the return of Mr. Martin and of Mr. Lucas for two electorates. It has boen stated that Mr. Lucas intends to throw' up Canterbury and to take, his S6at fur Hartley. The Premiur has not yet intimated whether ho will represent tho Laehlan or Manarq ; hut, looking at tho decisive mnjority by which he was returned for the Laehlan, and at tho greater extent and importance of that electorate, it is expected that he will ncccpt the seat for tho Laehlan nnd resign that for Mnnarb : which is tho more likely, because of n question hav ing been raised as to tho validity of the latter election. It is generally known that tho assem bling of Parliament need not be postponed for the return of all tho writs, for tho Constitution Act provides that upon any general election tho Legis lative Assembly shall proceed to business, notwfth- standing that some of tho writs (not exceeding five) shall not havo been returned. Various rumours havo during the last few days been in circulation istry ; but wo believe we arc warranted in stating that ho such chnngcs will bo made pending the assembling of Parliament. A Nice Lad (if yoij want suoii.)— Thn follow ing lettor, picked up in the street, nnd said to ba genuine, appears in both the Rockhampton papers : — "Clifton, September 2nd, 1804. Sir,—.! wish you would bo kind enough to mako. for mo, one head and one Tail Shilling; take your timo, and mako good ones: the one you last mado for mo, is- not a good one, on nccount of you making it in a hurry ; I donnt like using it for fi-ar ,of being de tected. I shall not bo in 'Sydney' for somo months. 1 intend seeing the shearing over on the Downs, has Christmas races arc good here. I might possaliley get tho shilling made here, but it does not do to have thorn made where you intend u.-oing thorn. At present I donnt know of any one .that could make good ones hut yourself nud 'nt Sydney : let mo have them as soon as possible, and I ani shure wo will not dispute tho payment of thnin. I want you to find out for me whore 1 can got a few engraved plates made, tqvbo Engraved according to my own pattern for stomping the. Backs of Play ing Cards with; I am not particular to the price, if I can have them according to ordor. I should require shifting Dies in the plates ; likewi.-c. a small " Machine or Press — so ns to stanip the cards my self; I mean tho hacks of the Cards only. Things aro dull up here, and will bo nntil shearing. Give Illy rospcots to . at- tho , . and roimive the same yourself. Hoping you bonth are enjoying the best of health, is tho sincere wish of Yours Truly, Geo. L. Lnthom. The Rncklinmpton_paners de- servo much credit for giving Mr. LnThum's neat little letter to the public, and wo should strongly advise Mr. L. to'ponder over tho remarks made fy n gentleman of his own kidney, who upon honring that a talentpd but impudent friend had got trans ported for forgery, said, " Ab, that comes of his reading and writing.'.' Analysis op tub New Assembly.— The Herald of Wednesday gives an analysis of parties in tho New Assembly, from which' it would appear thero aro 21 Ministerialists, 33 Oppositionists, and 7 doubtful. Amongst tho Ministerialists is the nam > of Mr. Do Sails, whose spoechcs would lead us to supposo that ho is anything but a Ministerialist. Amongst the doubtful "are Mr. Donnelly and Mr. Forlongo.'who, if we may judge from their election addresses, would vote against tho Government on most ocoasions. Even by the nerald's showing the Opposition would, up to tho present timo, com mand a mnjority of 10. even though all the doubt ful members supported tho Ministry. Loss by Customs' Revenue under the present Government. — As an example of the mismanage ment of our financial affairs uu'dcr the government of Messrs. Martin, Eagnr, and' Go., we quote tho following synopsis of returns : — The customs' reve nue collected during the month of December, 1 864, amounted t-i 50,705/. 8s. lOd. For the correspon ding month of the year 1803 the receipts amounted to 39.700/. 13s. The increase on the month is, thorofore, 1 1,055/.. 10s. 10d., or nearly 23 per cent. During the year 1804 tho customs' revenue has amounted to 543,090/. 4s. 5d. For the year 1803 tho receipts renchcd 02-4,091/. 15s. 4d. The decrease in tho year is 81,001/. 10s. lid., and to this sum we must' add about 10.000/. for duties' recoived under the proposed tariff in the com mencement -of last year, and since refunded, and this will make the actual deficiency equal, in round numbers, to about 97,000/. or 18 per cent. Government Sale of Leases op Runs. — Messrs. Richardson and Wrench hold on Tuesday by auction a Government snle of lonsos of runs in the Albert, Bligh, Darling, Laehlan, Mneleny, Manaro, Murrumbidgeo, and Wellington districts. Forty-one runs wer.o offered; twenty-six . of which wore sold. The bidding was not generally very brisk ; one run, however, in the Bligh district was r u n_ qp from 18/._to_ 14Q/._por annamii-_In.tba.Wol- .- llngfon district' somo of tho runs brought a good advance oa the upset rent, but in the other dis tricts most of tho lots wero knocked down at the upset rent. — Herald. In the Murrumbldgee dis triot, Jeremiah, 10,000 acres, was sold to W. R. Smith, at the upset rent of 10/. per annum ; Ynr- rangobilly and Angontoothbong were passed. Tho highest prioo in , the Wellington distriot was 75/. per annum for 57,000 aores.l Dbniliquin Stock Report. — Fat cattle are go- ing down this road to market in quite sufficient quantities. During the week between 800 nnd 900 head have crossed the Edward. On Saturday', 2 Hit, 100, Rieketson's, of Baratta ; Wednesday, 28th, 313, Redford's, frnm the Macquarie ; Thursda', 29th, 200. Higgins', from the Laehlan ; and to-day, 250, Keighran's. At a littlo distance behind is a mob of fat, belonging to J. Hughes. No fat sheep have passed. We have had the arrival of one mob of storo. 730, Stivens'; mixed ages and sexes, whi.ch was placod in the yards to-day for sale by: auction, .through Mr. M'Oollough, of Powers, Rutherford, and Go. "The "notice of tho intended sale brought in several settlors axious to purchaso, hut' tho bid dings only reachod 2/.- 7s. Gd.'; this being a groat deal below the owner's price— 2£ 14s. Od. — no business was effected, and tho herd isjstill_in the market. Tho market contained a great many young cattle, nnd tho prico offered was not gene- ' rally considered an unfair one by intending pur chasers. . O'Sullivan's mob of 3500 storo, aro approaching, but these, wo understand, havo been -already quitted to Mr. J. Oaplo, at a satisfactory figure. No transactions hero aro reported by tho agents; nnd on the Murrumbidgeo a similar quiet-' ness prevails. The weather throughout tho week has been of the most brilliant and pleasant charac ter. Although tho heat has not been immoderate. or such ns wo "have usunlly at this timo of tho yoar, the advanced season is now telling on tho grass, and feed for travelling stock is becoming scnrco. Should, however, this summer continue to be characterised by tho weather wo have hither- tn expcrienced, it will be pleasantly remombored by those engaged in jimtonil and agricultural pursuits in these district i. — Chronicle, A Recruit for Bex HAi.r,. — The Weddin gang are likely to lmvo an imoeSsion to their corps in the person of tho Scotch bushranger who appeared upon tho scene some timo ago. was wounded,, and suddenly disappeared. Tic was s.cen a few days since in the neighbourhood . of Gniinbln, well mounted, carrying a brightly-polished rifle, and a brace of revolvers to boot. About three hours afterwards Sir Frederick Pottingor appeared, anil having heard of the circumstance, started- in pur suit : but the fellow must have taken the hush, ns he was nowhere to he found. It appears that he is now. and has for some time been, in search ol Hall, with the intention of joining him; whilst Hall is equally anxious to secure his adhesion. Both liavo boon looking for each other from the first, hut have thus fur been unsuccessful. Tho probability is, however, that they will soon bo associated. — Lachlan corr. S. M. Ilcrald. Sit.k Produced is Batiiurst.— It will bo in teresting to some of our readers to learn that in creasing and skilful a'tcntion is paid, to tho intro duction of silk in Bathurst. as well as other parts of the colony. Wo have had the pleasure of in specting some very beautiful samples of raw silk produced respectively by Mr. James Bcuzoville and Mr. J. S. Home in this district, and by, wo believe, a resident of Windsor. They wero wound from tho cocoons by Mr. James Bu'uzoville, who is.a professional silk manufacturer ; and who for several years lias carefully watched nnd fostered the desire to inakc the production of silk astnplo interest of this country, for which many of its districts appear to he admirably ndapted. The samples in question are various ; ' some boing of a rioh gnldon hue, others pale nnd almost white. The finest and best are those produced by the worms fed upon the leaf of the white mulberry- troe. The best sample is estimated by Mr. Beuzc- villo to lio worth 30s. nor lb. in tho English mar--, ket ; and tho rest at from 2 Is. to'2G.s.— Times. Babv Snow at OASrt.emaine. — A baby show was ono of tho chief items in the programme of the Oaslleinaino National Sports Association on Wednesday. The exhibition is thus noticed by the JIT. A. Mail: — '1 he cremc do- la crcme of tho days fun was tho baby show. Tho entries for this singular "sport" wero not nnmornus, but, taking them _on the whole, they were fair speci mens of babies— a babies go. The proprietors of the infantile competitors wero rangod on a form in front of all the people, with their respective ex hibits in their arms ; and the judges, after display ing a considerable amount of bashfulncss. coiii- 0 menced their difficult task of inspection. Mobsts. Corbet. Carpenter. Ginge.ll. and Dr. Mnckay consti tuted the baby tribunal, and after a grave inquiry into the merits nnd appearance nf each infant— the doctor devoting himself chiefly to tho denti tion business— a verdict was given which seemed to satisfy everyone who looked on. That some of tho mammas and papas were disappointed is natural enough, hut for our part we were pleased t> find that quality rather than quantity guided the judges in awarding the first prizo. Wo do not think that ex ibitirn of this kind aro particularly ednving. hut, as they are quite harmless and pro- toko some mirth, wo have no right to quarrel with their introduction into a gathering .where the u ghost mountebank can earn I/. by grinning through a horso 'Collar. — Leader. Jams from Argvi.e.— It is a wonder thnt tho owners of gardens and orchards in the district of Gonlburn have not long since turned their attcn- ti m to tho manufacture nf jams nf vnrious kinds. A\ e have several sorts of fruit that grow to perfec tion in our midst and that aro very scarce in tho neighbourhood of Sydney nnd in tho northern dis tricts: nnd not oidy arc these places now supplied in part From England and in part from Tasmania and South Australia, hut even in tho shops of Gnu! burn wo find those imported jams, meeting . with (i ready anil constant siilc. There might for- mcrly have been soino difficulty in procuring jars ; but tins are now generally used, and wo have tin smiths in Gnulhurn who would be quito willin" not only to make the tins hot also to soldor them up when filled. A deal of fruit is wasted every year which might most pruhtably be made into jams The planti ng of a few fruit- trees about every homo- Rteail would not only afford their owners and tlioir families the advantage of having fruit of their own growing, but would also be a sourco of profit, and in mnny cases would bring in no ineonsiderablo sum — sufficient indeed to bo calculated on as a re serve fund in case of the fnilure of tho ordinary crops. It is perhaps scarcely in place while treat ing of the subject; hut tho importance of planting olives and their adaptability to this climate, which nas already more than onco boon pointed out in those columns, cannot bo too often montioned or too strongly insisted on.— Goulburn Herald. Chinese Gardens. — The superiority of Chinese " gardening in tho production of vegetables is now being fully recognised. Whore Europeans liavo failed to raise esculents for the tnble, or at all events have succeeded only in producing an inferior article, tho Chinese havo been particularly suc cessful. This has been specially the case in Riverina, where until the Mongolians beoamo market gardeners there was nothing in the shnpo of vegetables to bo procured. Our country people might learn a profitable lesson from the "barba rian," nnd to assist them with it we clip tho fol lowing from the Deniliquin Chronicle l -Kara is the description of tho garden and tho modus operandi : a no garden consists ol a elosoly fenced paddock in tho township, of nearly four acres, rented, wo un derstand, nt 20/. a year. It is situated on the edge of a lagoon, a portion of which is embraced within the enclosure, and supplies the largo quantity of water which forms tho main feature of the system of culture pursued. The cultivation which wo aro now about to describe, has been commenced at the water's edge; and only about one aero has as yet boon brought under crop. Two tanks, each about six foot squnro, have been sunk at tho water's edge, for the formation of liquid manure, the material for which is brought from a Bbeop-ynrd about four miles distant. The watering of the plants is done by hand, and the water is tnkon from the la goon in ordinary four gallon watering pots : but to economise lutipur and to enable the men to work without interference from one nnother, a number of smnll pits, into which the water flows, aro dug at the ends of tho various walks which pass be tween the beds down to tho lagoon. Bare-footed, nt n smart trot, .tho men bring up a thousand buckets per day, which they pour on the plants. It will bo remembered that, according to English notions of gardening, water can be only safely applied between sunrise and sundown. Tho Chinese water three times a-day — once during the heat of the sun. It is no doubt tho frequenoy and con stancy .of tho, watering which renders this a snfe and successful system. Neglect in preserving tho moisturo would be fatal. The next most remark- nble practice pursued is that, instead of plncing all the manure underneath tho soil, the Chinese spread a portion of it on the surface with the seed bo- neath, and tho offoct of the large surface watering is that a liquid manure is carried down, whilo the straw of tho manure protects the soil from tho sun. Another distinction observablo is the remarkable closeness of planting. This is not done to econo mise ground, but chiefly to savo the labour in watering, as well as to make the plants themselves protect tho soil from the sun. The lettuces, foriu- Btn"co- 111-0 ®wn with the Onions and removed in sufficient time not to interfere with them. Whore the lettuces are planted by. themselves thev are not placed moro than four or five inches apart, or about sixteen to ono grown in an equal area by English gardeners. The consequence is they form a dense mass— tho ground not being visible at all and apparently, from their pressure on each' other, tho heart is soon formed, and they have a tondonoy to grow tall. . In using the liquid manure great care is taken not to touch tho plants, and manure erd w '47 "are used on alternate days. They have at present growing, bosideH lottucis, onions, radishes, and other smaller plants for salads and soups, peas of several kinds, French beans and I broad beans, carrots, turnips, melons, cucumbers, ' pumpkins, and vegetable marrows. Amongst the pons which they aro' growing is a Chinese variety, said to bo superior, in quality and moro prolific than any of ours. They state that tho pod is about eighteen inches long. The Capture of tiie Florida.— Our Sydney telegraphic correspondent briefly noticed tho cap ture of tho Confederate cruiser Florida at Ualita. Tho following are further particulars :— It appears that tho Florida wns lying in tho harbour of Baliin when tho commander of tho Federal cruiser, W. F. Cliusct, formed a plan o! cutting her out, and availing himself of the information that nearly half tho crew j>f the Florida were on shore, he hoarded her with boats. Tho part of the crew remaining on board were unprepared for an at tack, and offered little resistance, nnd tho captured vessel was immediately towed to sea. Holloway's Pills- and Ointment. — Colds, Onughs. Shortness of Breath. — These corrective remedies aro infallible for theso pectoral complaints, which, neglected, often end in nsthmn. brochitis, or consumption. Tho ointment, woll rubbod upon .the chest and back, penetrating tho skin, is "ciirried directly to tho lungs, when it expels nil impurities. All tho blood in the body constantly passes through the lungs, and there, all noxious particles tending to produce disease can be quickly, thoroughly, and permanently neutralised, rendered harmless, or ejected from the system, nolloway's ointment and pills perfectly accomplish this purification ; "and through the blo/id, thus cleansed, tho influence of these worfffirful medicaments rcnches the remotest parts of flju human body, (ind thus cures all diseasedmction, whether internahqr external. 