HOME CORRESPONDENCE. I From our London CorresDondent.1 London. ADril 26. 1SG5. It is impossible to give you anything like an adequate conception of the shock which the death of Cobden has sent, not only throughout England, but all through the Continent. He had been ailing for gome months, and his last speech at Rochdale had brought on a return of his old ailment of bronchitis. He could not make his appearance in Parliament. Mr. Bright went down to Midhurst to consult him concerning the policy which should be pursued on the Canadian defences question, and as a result of this interview Mr. Cobden came to iown with the intention, if possible, of taking part in the debate. But the weather— that bitter -winter weather of which I have written in my laattwo letters — prostrated him. Thcdisease rapidly increased, and on Sunday morning, April 2, just as the people were going to church, Richard Cobden entered to worship in the house not made with hands. His end was happy and peaceful, and, as all should wish, he died without a struggle, with his wife and family and John Bright by hi3 aide — the latter overpowered more than woman with the intensity of his grief. No one out of a small circle knew of this event until Monday morning, when every journal appeared with the startling announce ment in foreboding black type, 'Death of Richard Cobden.' Many, as eoon as they aaw tbose.words, dropped the paper from their hands and could read no more. ? Mr. Cobden was buried, on the Friday fol lowing his death, in Lavington Churchyard, Sussex, in the grave where his only son was buried a few years ago. Lavington is a beautiful old Sussex village, and near to Mr. Cobden' s residence ; and the churchyard, like that at Harrow, is on an eminence overlooking a Bplendid expanse of hill and dale. There some hundreds of his .personal and political -friends went to follow him to his grave— Mr. .Gladstone, Mr. Bright, Mr. Milner Gibson, and nearly a hundred other members of the House of Commons ; Mr. Miall, Mr. Morley, Dr. Birch, and the BeT. Newman Hall, con spicuous Nonconformists ; Dr. Hook, Dean of Chichester, of the Church ; and deputations of Mayors, Aldermen, and Councillors from all 'the principal towns in England. There was no show of any kind. The funeral was as plain and unostentatious as the man himself had been. The attendance 'at it was spontaneous and altogether un arranged. One Peer was there, and the Court and Government, as sueh, were represented by two inferior officeri— the brothers Paget. Com ment on the last fact none has appeared, but the private comment has been plain and painful. If it bad been some political Lord Dundreary, everbody knows that there would have been solacing messages from high quarters and a great demonstration of the Peerage at the grave. A public benefactor— the greatest of his age — dies and is burried with less notice than a Government underling. I think nothing his occurred of late to create so wide a breach of feeling and sympathy between the aristo cracy and the people aa thu Btudied neglect of Eichard Cobden. Of coarse his name has not been mentioned in the House of Lords. He was - only a Commoner, and had no ' blue blood' in bis veins. Great and un expected tributes have, however, been paid to the memory of Mr. Cobden abroad. His services have been eulogized with great m«nfh in tha T?i«neri Chamber, the President of which, after the speeches had been made, exclaiming, ' Our regrets are unanimous. Let England know tkat our regreta are una nimous.' The Emperor also has caused a letter to be written by M. Drouyn de Lhujs expressive of the feeling of the French 'Government and people. Mr. Cobden's bust is placed amongst those of the great men of the Empire. Even as far off as Prince Congo's dominions the feeling has extended, tha Prince setting aside a day for a special religion* service to the memory of the great English man. Here at home, we see every day eome fresh paragraph of Town Councils pa3SiDg resolutions of sympathy, led by the Council of the City of London. The casts of statues are already being moulded, and last, not least, it has been re solved, amongst his own Manchester friends, to raise a fund of £20,000 for the benefit of his family. Some have talked of a Parliamentary vote; bntthiB.it is known, would have been distasteful to the man who would never in his ' life receive a shilling of the State, and uniformly declined such honours as it could give. Mr. Cobden died a poor man. His own made fortune he sacrificed in the free-trade agitation ; that, which was presented to him he lost in American securities ; and his income has been less for many years than that of thousands of \- retail tradesmen. The sum about to be rawed will, it is considered, be sufficient for it3 pur nn»» and no moro is reauired. The domestic public treat which haa ex cited moat interest since this has been the election for the Borough of Rochdale, the seat for which became vacant by Mr. Cobden's death. With what is generally considered to be something like a shameless indecency, a Tory candidate appeared in the field btfore even Mr. Cobden was buried. The eJectien then became of national interest ; and as it was known that the Tory party had been assiduously cultivating this hitherto moat Eadical borough, it was supposed that the con teat would be a keen one. Mr. Brett, a barrister, was the man who aought to reverse the representation of the borough, and induce it to paa» a vote of condemnation on Mr. 'Cobden's public life. The Liberal party unitedly chose Mr. T. B. Potter, of Manchester a well-known man, of ilr. Bright's school, and who wa3 arranging to be returned for the next Parliament. Singularly enough Mr. Potter was the friend to whom Mr. Cobden had addressed the last letter he ever wrote. Mr, Btight went almost from the grave of Mr. Ct-bdeu to take part in the conteat,and delivered ?i-: Eochdale one of his mo3t powerful speeches Against the policy of the Conservative party, ilr. Brett sbo is an able speaker, and did his principles uo injustice by his advocacy of theai. £ut the Rochdile people would not have him, ' and at the close of the poll Mr. Potter was announced to have been returned by a majority of 150, the numbers being for Brett 496, for T-r.KoT. (IIP, Parliament hiving taken a holiday of nearly three weeks has done little, but just before it eeparated for the Easter rece-3 a third elaborate debate took place on the difences of Canada. The occasion was furnished on going into Committee of Supply, when Lord Eleho moved for copies of the correspondence on the subject between this country and the Canadian Government. He con sidered that circumstances rendered abso lutely necessary a consideration of this grave subject. He showed that with respect to the share of Canada in this expense, nothing had been settled, and quoted Canadian intelli gence to the effect that tha vote of £50,000 had been very ill received there ; go ill received that Mr. Maedonald could not help stating to the Canadian Legislature that he believed there was a mistaka in the figures, and that £500,000 ?was the sum. ' Lord Eleho believed that the beat policy would bo to vote nothing. Sir Join 'Hay followed in the Eame direction, Mr. Adderley— a great authority with U3 on colonial qnestsoni— took an opposite view, and con tended that Canada should be main tained as an independent power. Speaker after speaker followed, Sir John Pahngton giving, perhaps, the oast pronounced opinion in the following language: — 'I do not regret the roto I gave tho other evening in favour of the Government proposi tion. My opinion is strong and decided that so long as Canada is loyal she cannot be abandoned. I heard with sorrow and with entire dissent the language made use of by the right hon. member (Mr. Lowe). I do not Bay that his policy is not entitled to credit for its prudence, and that, perhaps, it might be better with nations as with individuals if they were, instead of showing fight, to run away. No doubt the running away would be cheaper than Gghting. (No, no.) I am aliudiug to the language of_ the right hon. member for Calne, md I Bay his policy is that of running away. I cannot conceive any greater misfortune befalling either country or mankind generally than Buch a war, and no Government could do us a greater wrong than to give the United States the slightest cause for quarrel ; but, if mch a quarrel ahould be forced upon u*, we ahould have but one course to adopt — namely, to meet it with the whole force and power of the empire. I am surprised at a gentleman rising in thi3 House to ask whether in the event of war we should fight America in Canada or elsewhere. I say we must in such an event fight the United States wherever they are vulnerable ; but, above all, if Canada remain loyal it must not be deserted. I entirely coincide with the policy expressed on this point by the noble Lord (Lord Palmerston) ; and I must say that whatever difference of opinion there may be between us on other subjects, ke is the last man in thb country who would ever advocate the desertion of Canada by this country in the event of war with America.' The debate came to nothing, but it will make a painful and irritating impression on the Canadian mind, which is just now peculiarly sensitive. And for good reason, for the magnificent and apparently successful con federation scheme has received a sudden and unexpected check. The two Canada?, as you know, despite their local jealousies and inte rests, were prepared to go heartily into this business, and had endorsed the scheme by formal votes, and have appointed four delegates to proceed to England, two of whom only, however, care to come, for it is now known that if they come they will be able to settle nothing. The fact is that the other North American provinces will not hear of it. The New Brunswickers have returned an immense majority to their Legislature pledged against it. In Nova Scotia there is no feeling in its favour, or if there be it dares not now find expression, notwithstanding the great banquet of last year. Prince Edward's Island is opposed to it. In Newfoundland no decision has been come to. These facts were recapitu lated by Mr. Adderley in this debate, who threatened the provinces, amidst the cheers of the House, with the loss of the support of England if tho Federation scheme were not carried out. The Delegates, or Commissioners, from Canada will come, but I have Baid they will, in the face of these ditficulties, be able to agree upon nothing. One thing, however, will be forced upon them, namely, the commercial interests of England with respect to the colonies. The Times haa lately written on thiB subject with a good deal of power, plainly warning the Canadians that if they want the money and tho monetary sup port of England they must not seek, at the same time, to tax Englishmen twice over, by keeping up their present system of Customs duties. The Times preaches to them the doctrine of free trade, which, although it has some able advocates in Canada, is not popular there. Sou will tee the bearing of all this in your own position. What is now said in respect to Canada ha?, and is intended to have, a much wider application. The relation of England to her colonial dependencies is a sub* jret which is engaging much of the attention of our thinkers, writers, and statesmen, , who will not have much difficulty iu framing a clear doctrine on the subject. The tendency of present thought in in the direction of Mr. . Goldwin Smith's position, which is accepted by most of the middle class section of the community. It is seen that some day or other the old mother must lose all her children. Mr. Gr. Smith would have her to cast them off now, believing that self dependence will be the best for them. Abstract doctrines, however, do not govern practical statesmen ; and although some portion of Mr. Smith's reasoning is accepted, it will be many years before any Government will propose to carry all of it into effect. We are theoretically, jouknow, in favour of full civil and religious liberty, but it will be a long time before we get it in the perfect shape in which Mr. Mill represents those ideas. There has also been a formidable debate on the Irish Church, initiated by Mr. Dillurgb, who can pull the bell, but not so much to make it peal. The debate has very much let down this rather questionable institution, and the Liberation party received during its course a most unexpected adhesion in the person of Mr. Gladstone, who, without necessity, but evidently with premeditated purpose, delivered an elaborate speech on the position of the Church and the relation of any Liberal Go vernment to the question. He did not attempt to defend the Church as such. He enlarged on its anomaly and on its abuses, but he added that the Government coqld not deal with the ques tion because there was not sufficient public opinion to back them. His speech was of the lame character as that delivered last session -n the Eeform question, in relation to which ie held almost the same language. It is jenerally considered to be another bid for his future leadership of the Eadical party, and »U the Tory journals have accordingly lounded him out of their ecclesiastical ranks —they have long done so out of their poli tical—as an apostate and a renegade. I notice that the Noncomformist journals write with caution and distrust, and with a certain suspicion that Mr. Gladstone's acts will not correspond with his words. But he has given a great blow to the Irish Establishment, and, at the same time, to his own prospects for re election for Oxford University. Sensationalism has had its subjects this month, mostly, as usual, in connection with crime. The new sensation, however, we have had in the person of a lady preacher from the ranks of what the Saturday Review calls ' clandestine domesticity.' Mrs. Thistlewood, a young, very beautiful, and very attractive lady, has been preaching in the Marylebone Institu tion and in the Polytechnic on Sunday after noons after exhorting tho fashionable people of Paris. She was known originally as Laura Bell, and her advent on the demi monde world of London created some years ago a great sen sation. All the fashionable roues of the West End were at her feet. By and by she met with Mr. Thwtlewood, a joung gentleman of a fortune variously represented at £10,000 and £80,000 a year, who married her. Led by curiosity and a desire for a new sensation, Mr. Thistlewood one day went to hear Eichard Weaver preach, and came from the preaching a religiously-disposed man. His wife went next, and she too was changed. Then the horrors of her paet life took hold of her, and tha horrors also of those with whom she once associated. So constrained by conscience she became a preacher of the Gospel, and now is to be heard every Sunday afternoon, \z eloquent and passionate language, earnestly exhorting people to forsake all Bin. I believi her to be sincere, but I am sorry to believe thai many do not think this, and that few seem U feel the influence of her work. Then we have had another great Bank tria of the Directors of the late Unity Bank sgains their Secretary, Mr. Terry, and his assistan for a conspiracy to defraud them aud tb public by concocting false balance-sheet'. Tin trial has lasted many days, and in the cours of it some unwelcome facts were elicited wit! respect to the management of Banks— hov they discount forged bills ; how these and othe bills, months alter they are known to b worth nothing, are regularly entered in th available assets of the establishment; hoi strait the capital oftea is, and what shift the Directors are put to to be able to hold over how the Directors work their own account and so on. Public opinion and sympathy hav gone all along in this trial against the Director and the verdict of the Jury was in favour ( the defendants, with a censure of the manner in which the books were kept. Mr. Teny escaped without rebuke, and Mr. Alderman Mechi, of Tiptree Hall notoriety, has been visited with very pensorioua remarks. It ap pears, however, that hp was a dupe, willing enough, and that all he did was fo? the best and with the best intention. If he became a debtor to the Bank, he lias lost a large fortune in it; but, as you know, for a business man to lose a largs fortune in this way, and in a con cern which the investigation appears to have been little better than a swindle— although nobody can be said to be tha swindler— is quite enough for his reputation. We have another supposed murder case also, in which a doctor in Glasgow, Dr. Pritchard, has been accused of poisoning his wife and mother-in-law. Both these died rather sud denly, and within a short time of each other. A httb while after Mrs. Pritchard's death suspicions were aroused, and on information the doctor was talten into custody. The bodies hare been exhumed, and antimony has been found in both. The conclusion at present is that neither died a natural death. Pritchard will no doubt be committed for trial. Sufficient evidence of motive seems to be wanting. Pritchard was in remarkably good practice, and' he would not get but rather lose something by his wife*! death! On the other hand, it is e»i- that the police have got on the track of a correspondence of h» with a young lady in Glasgow, a heiress with a large fortune, and that tha motive may be found here. The case, when tried, will no doubt be one of considerable interest. Still more ! The Pellizzioni trial has ter minated iu the acquittal of the prisoner and his subsequent free pardon. You will remem ber that he was found guilty of murder, in the casejof a brawl at a public-house, on Saffron Hill, when a man name;! Harrington wa3 stabbed. One celebrated Lilian photographer did not credit the witnesses on thi3 trial, and managed to do what the police did not do, and did not choose to do — track the man who actually struck the blow— a cousin of Pelliz zioni — who after doing it had escaped to Birmingham. This man was tried and found guilty of manslaughter only. Pellizzioni was therefore reprieved, but put upon a second trial for unlawfully wounding. The Jury, after a three days' trial at the Old Bailey Session?, found him innocent, and he was at once set free. The circumstances of this case have created a strong prejudice against the police. It became evi dent that they had deliberately withheld evidence and witnesses when they became convinced that they had taken the wrong man ; that they chose rather to get an innocent man made guilty of murder and to have him hung rather than they should be found to have made a fatal blunder. Thanks to Mr. Negretti, who hQ3 borne all the expense of the late prosecu tion and defence, they have been exposed, and justice has been done. Coming upon the Cornhill robberies, and on some smaller freaks of this body, it may be said that they are not now very popular, and that Sir Richard Mayne is under a cloud. The Cornhill robbers, by-the-by have all been convicted. A year ago you would have had them in Australia, and then you would have made the acquaintance of a gang of the moBt clever burglars in the world. So you see how much you have saved in one case by your decisive action with respect to the transporta tion question. This morning we had another sensation in the news that Frances Kent, the half- sister of the little boy who was murdered at Koad five years ago, and whose death caused such a great commotion on account of the mystery involved in it, had delivered herself up at'Bow street yesterday as the murderess. She was suspected at the time, and Inspector Whicker, of the detective force, caused her to be ar rested, but she was freed. She has been in a 'Protestant Convent' for two years past. Most of the journals attribute the confession to insanity and the Convent system combined. What a glorious day the volunteers had! The winter is ' over and gone,' and such a spring, if we had not last year's still in our remembrance, we should now say we never have had before after such a winter. All England is now one magnificent garden. The trees are covered with blossom ilmk and white as was the snow only ju3t a month since. The weather has been like July, and we have had for nearly three weeks, with one day's excep tioD, neither cloud nor rain. With this weather the volunteere went to Brighton, mustering nearly 22,000 strong. Tho review was magnificent — the most successful, in all respects, of any that has yet taken place. I suppose I may call this 'sport ;' if so it is a sport which undoubtedly lasts longer than many thought it would, and increases in its intensity. By-and-by, it will almost equal the Ep3om races fjr popularity, or tho Oxford and Cambridge boat- race, which this year did equal the Derby, both for the excitement which it caused and the enormous crowds which it drew to witness it. And although Cambridge was the favourite, Oxford again won — after the most gallant struggle that has ever taken place. I began this part of my letter with a dirge, and must so finish it, for there are two other deaths to record of men who have deserved well of their generation. These are Mr. John Cassell and Mr. Samuel Lucas. I need not Bay who the former was ; his name is known wherever the English language is read. He died on the same day as Mr. Cobden, at 51 years of age — ten years younger than the great statesman. The latter was known in early life as the ' Manchester manufacturer,' the former as the 'Manchester carpenter,' wit'h which title he first appeared before the public. He has done a good, useful, and hard work in his day, and must have needed the rest which he now enjoys. Mr. Lucas was the managing proprietor of' the Morning Star, and was brother-in-law of Mr. Bright. He died three weeks after Mr. Cobden, so Mr. Bright had to follow another friend to the grave. Mr. Lucas has given the tone to the Star for many years. He made many mistakes, but his sympathies were wide, liberal, and kindly, and intentions honest. »' I scarcely know how to convey to you in thr space of a letter the exciting news receir i from America. Three sentences include* ail— Bichmond and Petersburg have been taken by the Federals; Lee has surrendered to Grant with his whole army ; and— the news cornea this afternoon only — President Lincoln has been assassinated, died on the 15th April, and Mr. Se ward's life has also been attempted, and he is not expected to live. I will endeavour to arrange the events in chronological order that your readers may see then? sequence. Sherman's work comes first. His move ments were uncertain when I last wrote. He appeared in North Carolina, took Fayetteville, and marched on Goldsborough, and destroyed the cotton mills and arsenal. Here — in the neighbourhood of Fayetteville— he, through his Generals, not himself personally, reeeived his first repulse, which, though tamed down in the Northern papers, was unquestionably a serious one, for Schofield was decidedly routed. Sherman himself, however, went on and reached White House as though nothing had occurred. Here he held possession and secured before him tho two best Southern armies out of Lee's fortifications— those of Harden and Bragg. General Johnstone attacked his ad vance at Bentonville on the 19cli March, and drove it back and committed great slaughter. A second attack, after a Federal rally, issued in the same result. Sherman was stopped, or appeared to be so, bat he still prevented co-operation of the most active forces of the Sonth with Lee, and on the 22nd he drove forth hU assailants with dreadful slaughter. Meantime, Sheridan, having done his work in the Shenandoah Valley, crossed the James River and united with Grant. As soon a3 this was known, expectation was on the qui vive, and an assault on the Petersburg lines expected. General Lee, however, anticipated this, and on the 25th March attacked Grant's right wing, and succeeded in defeating it, and occupying Fort Steadman. He also attacked Fort Haskell, but wa3 repulsed. Could he have con tinued in his first course the history which fol lows would have been reversed. But the Federals' right wa3 reinforced, tho Confederates driven back, and an advance made on their position. This was the beginning of the end, for it is admitted that if Lee could have turned Grant's right he would have compelled the abandon ment of the whole Federal line. The next event in this momentous history was a conference between President Lincoln and Generals Grant, Mead, Sheridan, and Ord, at City Point, on March 28. On the 80th Grant commenced moving at the south-west ol Petersburg, Sheridan co-operating. They drove back some Confederate pickets and . established themselves in a favourable situation, ; Then the battlo began, continuing for nearlj ; three days, until the Saturday afternoon of the \- 1st April, when Sheridan turned the Con1 i federate right at Five Forks Station, 15 mile J west of Petersburg, and drove it back upon ifc i centre, capturing thou3ands of prisoners. ] ' give tho remainder of this intelligence as it has ' come to us in the Daily Xews correspondence :— 5 ' On Saturday tho weather had improved J Sheridan got into communication with Warrei r on the White Oak- road; Five Forks wa 3 seized and held, and at 2 in the afternoon i 5 combined attack was made on Pickett, rolling , him up, capturing three brigades entire, i it wagon-train, two batteries, and planting th i. TVHpmI* firmlv on the Southside-raad So far all was well. It was known in New York before bedtime that a general engagement was imminent, and would pro bably take place in the morning, but under what circumstances and with what chances of success few could telL The weather luckily was splendid. Saturday wa3 one of those glorious days of the early spring, and the sun rose on Sunday morning in splendour in that clear crisp atmosphere, of which those who are only familiar with the skies of the old world can form little idea. There were prayers in many of the churches for the army, and in the afternoon the hotels and the neigh bourhood of the telegraph offices were thronged by eager crowds. By 1 o'clock the news of .Sheridan's success was known. An hour later came the newi that at daybreak Grant had ordered an attack along the whole line. The Sixth and Ninth corps under Wrigkt and Narke pierced the enemy's line simul taneously with an . advance on the part of Sheridan and Warren along the rail road, carrying everything before them, capturing the works, guns and all, and by 10 o'clock had reached the Appomattox, and had invested Petersburg. Similar success attended the advance of the Second and Twenty-fourth. The result was the capture of the whole of {he tenable portion of Lee's position in front of Petersburg, 12fcQ00 pri soners, 60 gone, and large quantities pi material All the accounts concur in de scribing the fighting 83 desperate bejond example, and the Ios3cs on both sides are con sequently terrible. Each side felt it to be the decisive battle of tho war, and acted c3 if they felt it. Lee and Grant wore both on the ground in person directing the operations. Lee*3 troops arc acknowledged by officers why have come on from tho front to have proved them selves worthy of their reputation, disputing every inch of ground,anddefending many poiut3 with the bayonet and clubbed muskets. The SouthaideRailroadcaptured, and the investment of Petersburg completed, of course the evacuation of the place became certain, and it accordingly took place on Sunday night after the Cghl, and was followed or accompanied by that of Rich mond, which was entered at 8 o'clock on Monday morning by General Weitz?l at tho head of his negro corps. He telegraphs that 1 the people ' have received him with a good deal of enthusiasm ; but I imagine this means the poor and the negroes, who must have suf fered a good deal, what with tke scarcity of provisions and the dread of the conscription. Davis and his Cabinet are said to have lefc on Thursday last, when the serious character of Grant's movement first became apparent. The city was fired in one or two places in an attempt doubtless to destroy the stores of tobacco, but there seems no reason to believe that the flame3 hava not been put out by the Federals. Lee has retreated along the Dan ville-road with what remains of his army, and Grant left early on Monday morning in pursuit, doubtless hoping to cut him off.' Richmond and Petersburg captured ! You can imagine the sensation this news created in ft ew York. I quote the following from the Star correspondent : — ' On Monday morning, about 11 o'clock, a despatch from Secretary Stanton was reeeived in this city, announcing the fall of Petersburg on no less authority than that of Mr. Lincoln himself, who had gone down to City Point to witness operations. Within half an hour after came the bulletin which thrilled the city and ihe whole country like an electric shot — I mean, of course, the despatch from General Weitzel reporting his entry into Richmond at 8.15 a.m. on the same memorable day, April 3. The newspapers, you may be assured, were not long in getting out their extras, and hardly an hour had elapsed before the news was spread throughout the entire city. By a sudden aud unanimous impulse the national colours were thrown to the breeze from 'every flagstaff in the city ; soon the streeta were thronged with men, young and old, fL-sfc laughing, and then almost crying with joy at the glorious news. Every one 1'elt warranted in congratulating every one else, whether acquaintances or not, and every one repeated the news to everybody else, whether he had heard it be'fore or not. But Wall-street presented the most remark able spectacle of all. Business was almost entirely suspended as soon as the ancouuee meut -o( the fall of Richmond was received, and by a spontaneous impulse a crowd began gathering around the Custom-House stepe. Mr. Draper, the collector of the port, soon made his appeurance, and delivered himself of a brief speech. Then miscellaneous addresses followed in tue outskirts of the vast crowd, for it extended through two or three blocks, knots of people- gathered around the other excited orators, and so the Bpeaking was kept up from noon until lato in the afternoon. Finally, when all were wedry with listening and speak iQ?- by another spontaneous impulse the vast assemblage burst out into the Dosology : — ' 'Praise God, from whom all blessings flow; Praise Him, all creatures here below; Praise Him above, ye heavealy host; Praise, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' You may rest assured that fifteen or twenty thousand voices joining in this Bublimc chorus made such music as \Vull-3treet does not often hear. The ' Old Hundred' was the tune to which this Doxology was sung as a matter of course, and some wag wickedly suggested that the tune was very appropriate now gold was bo rapidly approaching par. The same ones who sang ' Old Hundred' so lustily yester day, he said, a few diys ago were singing ' two hundred and fifty' with just as much Z23t. And this overflowing enthusiasm was not confined to this city alone. It swept like a hurricane over the whole country, reaching every village and hamlet, breaking out here in impromptu gatherings and there in the firing of cannon and the display of fireworks. Such a jubilee -has not been witnessed before since the war commenced, and I doubt whether the declaration of peace would provoke so hearty an expression of joy.' After this Grant followed Lee, who was ex pected to turn up at Bankside, and did so, where Sheridan attacked and defeated him, capturing fire generals, including Ewell and Curtis Lee, and thousands of prisoners, making j the total Ios3 to the Confederate army in four ! or fivo dajs not Ies3 than 50,000, besides the materials of war. On the 7th April Grant felt that he could make advances and let down his adversary. He did it very nobly. The follow ing is an account of the negotiation :— Grant wrote to Lee on the 7th as follows:— 'The result of last week must convince jou of the hopelesaness of further resistance. I ask the surrender of vour armv.' Lee replied that, ilthough not entirely of Grant's opinion of the hopelessness of further resistance, he recipro cated his desire to avoid the useless effusion of blooJ. Therefore, before considering Grant's proposition, he asked what terms were offered tor surrender. Grant replied that peace had been his first desire, and that he insisted upon only one condition, namely, that tho men sur rendered should be disqualified agaiu to take up arms against the Government until properly exchanged. He would meet Lee or hia repre sentative at any point and arrange the but render. Lee rejoined that he did not propose the surrender ot his army, but to a?k the terms of Grant's proposition. He did not think the emergency had arisen to call for surrender, but as tha restoration of peace should be the sole object of all, he desired to know whether Grant's proposals would tend to that end. He therefore could not meet Grant with the view of surrendering his army, but as far as Grant's proposition might affect the forces under Lee's command, and tend to restore peace, he would be pleased to meet Grant. Grant, replied that, having no authority to treat on the subject of peace, the meeting proposed by Lee could lead to no good. Grant expressed himself equally desirous with Lee for peace, while the North entertained the same feeling. The terms upon which peace could be had were well understood by tue South ; by laying down their arms they would hasten peace, and save thousands of lives and millions ot property. Ho hoped that all difficulties might bo settled without the loss of another life. Lee replied, requesting an interview in accordance with the offer contained in Grant's letter, in which it was stated that the. men who surrendered ahould be disqualified to take up arms against the Government until exchanged. Grant then wrote to Lee on the 9cb, p/opostng the fjl« lowing terms of surrender : — The rolls of all officers and men to be made in duplicate, one copy for the officer designated by Grant, the other for the officer designated by Lee. Tlie officers to give their individual paroles not to take up arms against the Government until exchanged. Each company or regimental commander to sign a like parole for the men. The arm?, artillery, and the public property to be par'ied and stacked, and turned over tc officers appointed by Grant. This would nol embrace the officers' side-arms, private horses, or luggage. Each officer and man to bt allowed to return home, and not to be dis turbed bo long a3 they observed their parole and tho law in force where they reside. Lee accepted these terms on the same day. The officers and men were at ouce paroled and allowed to return home, the officers retaining their side- arms. Correspondents estimate that Lee surrendered with 25,000 men. And so, on Palm Sunday, the way wa3 paved for peace. I do not think that anything has more struck U3 in England than the gentleness and courtesy of Grant in this transaction, and the unprecedented termB offered to Lee— terms involving no humiliation whatever. The same spirit ha3 been evinced nearly all through the North ; the only principal exception being the notorious General Butler, who asks for vengeance both on Lee and Davis. But this he is not likely to get. Mr. Lincoln's speeches, I was going to say have been, but ho has now to be spoken of as dead, were most pacific, and Henry Ward Beecher lent tho authority of his influence to the counsels of peace, mercy, and goodwill ; the burden being forget and forgive, and now let us love one another again. Straage and exciting scenes have been caused by these unlooked-for events. Davis left Richmond on Palm Sunday, having been called out of church by a message from Lee ; and on Tuesday President Lincoln, who had remained at City Point and telegraphed himself to Washington the progress of the battle, was a resident in Davis' s houee. So at Charleston, where George Thompson and Henry Ward Beecher have gone to speak on the steps of the Slave Market, the slave block having been already removed to Boston, and furnished a ' stump' for Llojd Garrison to speak from. Had I written this morning all that I have written now I should have gone on in a very different strain from that which must now succeed the news I have now only briefly re capitulated. I should have enlarged on Pre sident Lincoln's speeches, and touched upon that beneficent Proyideuce which, had given i ruler to America at this time, who, with all his native eccentricities, had proved himself to be a Christian man and one of generous feeling. I should have said that in his character now lay the best hopes for tho restoration of friend ship and goodwill all through the United State?, and the keeping of a permanent peace with Europe. The stroke, however, which has been dealt, and of which none can yet see the issue, stops my pen. We all feel as though an earthquakejhad shaken us. jEvery man is asking what next ? We wait with great anxiety for the next news, and in every heart there is a wonderful tenderness towards the country and the friends of the late President Lincoln ; for thia blow, like that aimed at Seward, which may yet prove fatal, was, we all believe, dealt by a Southern hand, and the South will hencef jrth be to us as to all, a Sodom of modern times. 1 append the last telegrams just received, giving full details :— New York, April 15, noon. Wilkes Booth, the assassin of President Lincoln, is the brother of Edwin Booth, and i3 known a3 a rabid Secessionist. General Sherman moved in three columns from Goldsboro' on the 9th inst. Johnston evacuated Raleigh and moved west of the town, leaving it in possession of Hampton's cavalry. Johnston is reported to have gone to Greensboro'. Mobile papers of the 4th instant confirm the capture of Selma, Alabama, with 23 guns and a large amount of property. The Federals opened a furious fire on the defences of Mobile on the 4th, exploding a magazine in Spanish Fort. The amount of damage done is un knows. Tho siege continue?. Two tinclad gunboats have been destroyed by torpedoes. Thomas, with a large force, is expected on the north side of Mobile. Wilson'3 cavalry is overrunning AlabamB, and is also moving towards Mobile. It is rumoured thar Mr. Adams will be re called from Lo-..don to take charge of the State Department. President Davis issued a proclamation, dated Dansville, April 6, announcing his pur pose to continue the war, and never submit to the abandonment of one state of the Con federacy. The proclamation was issued some days before Lee's surrender. It is Baid that the Governor of North Carolina will shortly convoke the Legislature to repeal the Secession Ordinance, and restore the state to the Union. Business is almost entirely suspended on account of Lincoln's assassination. 