THE NOVELIST. OXfR M.tjTT/lJAL P8IEND.V 27 CHARLES DICKRIfS. IN FOUR BOOKS. Book TBB TatBD. A Lonq lajrs.' Belle happened to know'that he had no en gagement Out of hi« own room at'Mr. Boffin's^ but she appeared of hie stayijig away.' " We should Aay hare "put one anotfiir Ont or coun tenance," she .thought, " and we do.thot quite often efitfugh as it is." ~F«t-the'hid sufficient curiosity -about his roonr, tS run up to it with the least possible delay,and make a close inapeethmof its non tents. It.fens tostoftfllydfough economically furnished, and Tory. neatly, avenged. There were shelves and stands of .books, English, French, and Italian ; and in 'a portfolio on the writing-table there were sheets upon shoots of memoranda and calculations in figures, evidently referring to the Boffin property. Ou that table also, carefully backed with canvas, Tarnished, mounted, and rolled like a map, was the placard descriptive of the murdered man whohad come from alar to be her husband. She shrank from this ghostly surprise, and felt quite frightened as Bbe rolled and tied it up again. Pooping about here and there, she came upon a print, a graceful head of a pretty woman, elegantly framed, hanging in the comer by the easy chair. "Oh, indeed, sir!" aaid Bella, after stopping to ruminate before it, " Oh, indeed, sir! I fancy I can guess whom you think ihaft like. But Til tell you what it's much more like—your impudence!" Hating said which she decamped: not solely because she was offended, bat because there was nothing else to look at. " Now, Ma," Baid Bella, reappearing in the kitchen with some remains of a blush, " you and Lawy think magnificent me fit for nothing, but I intend to prove the contrary. I mean to be Cook to-day." «' Hold!" rejoined her majestic mother. " I cannot permit it. Cook, in that dress!" "As for my dress, Ma," returned Bella, merrily searching in a dresser-drawer, '' I mean to apron it. and towel it all over the front i and as to permission, I mean to do without." " Jon cook?" said Mrs. Wilfer. " lou, who never cooked when you were at home ?" Vesi Ma," returned Bella; " that is pre cisely the state of the case." She girded herself with a white apron, and busily with knots and pins contrived a bib to it, coming olose and tight under her chin, as if it had caught her round the neck to kiss her. Over this bib her dimples looked delightful, and under it her pretty figure not less so. "Now, Ma," said Bella, poshing back her hair from her temples with both hands, " what's first ?" "First," returned Mrs. Wilfer solemnly, *'if you persist in what I cannot hut regard as conduct utterly incompatible with the equi page in which you arrived—" ("WhichI do, Ma.") j " First, then, you put the fowls down to the fire." "To—be—sure!" cried Bella; "and flour them, and twirl them round, and there they gosending them spinning at a great rate. " Whafs nest, Ma?" " Next," aud Mrs. Wilfer with a wave of her gloves, expressive of abdication under protest from the culinary throne, " I would recommend examination of the bacon iu the saucepan on the fire, and also of the potatoes by the application of a fork. Preparation of the greens will further become necessary if you persist in this unseemly demeanour." " As of course I do, Ma." Persisting, Bella gave her attention to one i thing and forgot the other, and gave her at ten- j tion to the other and forgot the third, and remembering the third was distracted by the fourth, and made amends whenever she went wrong by giving the unfortunate fowls j an extra spin, which made their chance of ever getting cooked exoeedingly doubtful. But it was pleasant cookery too. Meantime Miss Iflvinia oscillating between the kitchen and the opposite room, prepared the dining table iu the latter chamber. This office she (always doing her household spiriting with un willingness) performed in a startling series of whisks and bumps; laying the table-doth as if she were raising the wind, putting down the glasses and Bait-cellars as if she were knocking at the door, and clashing the knives and forks in a skirmishing manner suggestive of hand-to hand conflict. ' "Look at Ma," whispered Lavinia to Bella when this was done, and they stood over (he roasting fowls. " If one was the most duti ful in existence (of course on the whole one hopes one is), isn't she enough to make one want to poke her with something wooden, sitting thertfoolt upright in a corner P" " Only suppose," returned Bella, " that poor Fa was to sit holt upright in another corner." " My dear, he couldn't do it," said Lavry. " Fa would loll directly. But indeed I do riot-believe the.* ever was any human crea ture who coyld keep so bolt upright as Ma, tit put ned' an t—into one back! What's the matter. Ma P Ain't you weD,MaP" ' " Doubtless I am very pell," returned Mrs. WHfer.toroing her eyes upon her youngest bora.-feithebornfolfortitude. "Whatshould be the matter with Me P" "Fob don't seem veiy brisk, Ma,"retorted lawy the bold. "Brisk?" repeated her parent, " Brisk P Whence the low expntoion, laviiiiaP If I am nnoomplainujggif Famsflentiy contented with ray lot, let that auffioe for my family#" ■ wJUfordeitioutofi^Imustrespectiully take ; leave to asythatyour fomllyjw u? doubt under the great est obligations to you for bar ing an annul toothache on your wedding day, ;(mmente b\esting|to fhsnyj.BtiU. on the •wfcbJjtit j»|>o«lWe tu be too Jxpiwliid of ,r; m • V.,;',. \ this yearP . Bray do yf* && " ly do iHOwMutttilMsad" ^ -r noti and, will" 0l® 6ra»to,t W^P"01 tor7°ur abilities and Information, I,very mttoh doubt if you »- ' Whether <Sr rio tho sharp Wg^ir of this sstty hob a weak Mrs. WilfofVontreuihre ments might hare routed that htenmefor the time, is rendered uncertain bythoerrivsl of a flag M tnroe in. the pewon of Ms^.floor|a fcmpecmt bidden to theljjMlf a* friend -of the family, iwliosf>Sect><&« wereifo# utAer stood to-be in ■poMiss of ti^sl^ofcbo from Bella to tarinia, «"d whonfcW^a kept— posaitilyin remembrance of,hif bsiatiWIb m having oyftrtooked her in the fint1 in*tauoe OD dor hVourse of stinging discipline. "I congratulate you, Mrs. Witter" said Mr. ■Groige Sampson, who had meditated this neat address wMlp coming along,on the day." Mrs. Witter tlMnked him mth 'i ntegnaniinons sigh, and again became an unresisting prey to thatinscrutnble tooth actio. 1 "Jam surprised," sail Mr!SampsonTeeWy, "that Mic Bella condescends to cook." ttaw. tr,M Laviuia .dssooadad. on the ill starred young gentleman with aerttfhing sup position that at ill events it ^isWVuitoMs, ofti. tbi disposed of Mr. Sampson ina melan choly retirement of spirit, until tlio cherub arrived, whoso amascmeut at the hreely woman's occupation was great. However, she persisted in dishing the diuuer as well as cooking it, and then sat down, bib less and apronless, to partake of it as an illus trious guest: Mrs. Wfifer first responding to her husband's cheerful, "For what we are about to receive—r" with a sepulchral Amen, calculated to oast a damp upon the stoutest appetite. . '•Bat *rbat»" s»td Bella, as die watched Uio carving of the fowls "makes them pink inside, I wonder, Pal Is it thebjreedf" \- "Ho, I don* think it'sthc breed, my dear," returnedi?& "I rather think it ia because they are not done.'* " They ought to be," said Bella. " Tee, I am aware they ought to be, my dear,", rejoined her father," but they sis t So, the gridiron was put in requisition, and the good-tempered cherub, who was often as un-cherubically employed in his owu family as if he had been in the employment of some of the Old Masters, undertook to grill the fowls. Indeed eiocpt in respect of staring about him (a branch of the public service to which the pictorial cherub ia much addicted), this domestic cherub discharged as many odd functions as his prototype; with the difference, say, that he performed with a blacking-brush on the family's boots, instead of performing on enormous wind instruments and double basses, and that he conducted himself with cheerful alacrity to much useful purpose, instead of foreshortening himself in the air with the vaguest intentions. Bella helped him with his supplemental cookery, and made him very happy, but put him in mortal terror too by asking him when they sat down at table again, how lie supposed they cooked fowls at the Greenwich dinners, and whether he believed they really were such pleasant dinners as people said? His secret : winks and nods of remonstrance, in reply, ! made the mischievous Bella laugh until she choked, and then Lavinia was obliged to slap I her on the back, and then she laughed the 'more. But her mother was a fine corrective at the other cud of the table j to whom her father, in the innocence of his good-fellowship, at in tervals appealed with: " My dear, I am afraid you are not enjoying yourself?" " Why so, Bu W.?" she would sonorously reply. " Because, my dear, you seem a little out of sorts." "Hot at all," would be the rejoinder, in exactly the same tone. "Would you take a merry-thought, my dear?" " Thank you. I will take whatever you please, B. W." " Well, but my dear, do you like it ?" " I like it as well as I like anything, R. W." The stately woman -would then, with a mer itorious appearance of devoting herself to the general good, pursue her dinner as if she were feeding somebody else on high public grounds. Bella had brought dessert and two bottles of wine, thus shedding unprecedented splen dour on the occasion. Mrs. Wilfer did the honours of the first glass by proclaiming : " E. W. I drink to you." " Thankyou, my dear. And I to you." " Fa and Ma!" said Bella. "Permitme," MraVitter interposed, with outstretched glove. " Ho. I think not. I drank to your papa. If however, you insist on including me, I can in gratitude offer no objection." "Why, tor, Ma," interposed-tarry the bold, " isn't it the day that made you and Fa one and the same? I have no patience 1"* "By whatever other cireumstanoe the day may be marked, it is not tire day, Invinia, on which I will allow » child of . mine to pounce upon me. X beg—may, command 1—that you will not jxnmce. K. \V., it is appropriate to reoall *h«i it is for you to command and for me to obey. It is your house, and yon are master at your own table. Both our healths!" ' Drinking "the toast with tremendous atiffhess. " I reslly am a little afraid, my dear," hinted the cherub meekly " that you are not enjoying yourself ?" " On the contrary," returned Mrs. Wilfer, "quite so. Why should I not ?" " I thought, my dear, that perhaps your fsce might " " My face might be a martyrdom, but what i would-that import, or who abonldknoir it,iT I smiled?" ' And Ae did smile t manifeetly &eering; the j blood of Mr. George Batnpsonhy ao doirig. For that young gentleman, -catching her smiling eye, was ao very much appalled by its expression as to oast about in his thoughts oonoerning what he bad done to bringit down upon himself. "The mind naturally falls," said Mrs. Witter,*shsUXteylntoa revorJeloir shafi I say into a wtecspenfc? tm a flaylpitttjis."!., replied (but, not ^audibly),," Ppj goodnees' take eay whichever of tho two you like beef Ma, unci get it over," ,.r . "The mind," jnjrsued Mrs! 'TOtter Jn a* oratorical manner," naturally revert* to Flap* and Mfimm*—I here allude to mf '$&&& at a pWa. MW th dawn dtf., <f *. * Ft jfepaemd Mamnte wwe abqnestionsMy toft.' »dn«h..t#pa'»7 mother i neverauarin>-i*thB,": ..>'4 i .The errapasMifala Xosvy JremaAed sOoud, " was nhat.Idcscribehiih to have -boen, and would have dTOckimypfhisgrandDhildrdB to the earth one ofmamqia's ch^ridiediiflipad-iliat I riloqtd •htoome uwt«3 to i .tell mottihcr of eoc:"*~ It may have cquallythe wottkn&^C bdjjWj^ipiV 1 Frederick Ptos^*ysThieo bef offered toMr. GebW:feouq>son)'wh8-;hkd the c^Ujjago to;t»5i'iout^ftS ^jile mm) t, litreeS**^ hb-^tt^nder'thc table an3_ eyfcs cast down, J^rt-AVi^^tob^e^ lii.' a voice-of mercMing"etertineM and irnnrea^, sivenes^untdsho shq»&a; fowe thai skulker to give himself • up. ''," Mampia - -would' appear .to . laiTg h&4 an 'iudefinable i.fore boding of trh*l;ofteiTia?dS iLa^irb^odj tbr abe would frequently uige upon mo; 'Not a little man.** Promise me, inv'ciiilA, iiot*^litlle man. Never, ncTcr, never, marry a little mafiT TPapa also would remark to me -(be possessed extras ordinary humour), * that -a family of whales must not afiythelhielrea With sprats,' 'His oompany wasnegeily-sought, as may-be sup posed, by the wits of tUn flpy, and our bouse was their continual resort. I liavp known ast many as three copper-plate cqgravcra eiohang ing the mold ct^uleite sallics and" retorts thore, at one time." " (Here Mr. Sampson dolirorod himself captive, and Said, with an uneasy movement on his chair, that three was a, large number, and it must have been highly enter taining) " Among the most prominent mem bers of that distinguished circle, was a gentle man measuring six feet four in height. JTe was not an engraver." (Here Mr. Sampson said, with no reason whatever, Of course not.) " This gentleman was so obliging as to honor me with attentions which I could not fail to understand." (Here Mr. Sampson murmured that when it came to that, you oould always telL.) " I immediately announced to both my parents that those attentions were misplaced, ancl that 1 oould not favour Ins suit. They inquired was he too tall ? I replied it was not the stature, but the intellect was too lofty. At onr house, I said, the tone was too brilliant, the pressure was too high, to be maintained by me, a mow woman, in every day domestic life. I well remember mamma's clasping her hands, and exclaiming ' This will end in a little man!'" (Here Mr. Sampson glanced at his host and shoot his head with despondency.) " She afterwards went «o far as to predict that it would end in a little man whose mind would be below the average, but that was in what I may de nominate a paroxysm of maternal disappoint ment. Within a month," said Mrs. Wilier, deepening her voioe, as if die were relating a terrible ghost stoiy, " within a month, I first saw B. W. my husband. Within a year, I married him. It is natural for the mind to recall these dark coincidences on the present day." Mr. Sampson at length released from the custody of Mrs. Wilfer's eye, now drew a long breath, and made the original and striking re mark that there was no accounting for these sort of presentiments. R. W. scratched his head and looked apologetically all round the table until he came to bis wife, when ob serving her as it were shrouded in a more sombre veil than before, he onoe more hinted, "My deer, I am really afraid yon are not altogether enjoying yourself ?" To which she once more replied, " On the contrary, R. \Y. Quite so." The wretched Mr. Sampson's position at this agreeable entertainment was truly pitiable. For, not only was he exposed defenceless to the harangues of Mrs. Wafer, hot he received the utmost contumely at the hands of Xarinia; who, partly to show Bella that she (lavinia) could do what she liked with him, and partly to pay him off for still obviously admiring Bella's beauty, led him the life of a dog. Illuminated on the one hand by the stately graces of Mrs. Wilfer's oratory, and shadowed on the other by the checks and frowns of the young lady to whom be had devoted himself in his destitution, the sufferings of this young gentleman were dis tressing to witness. If his mind for the mo ment reeled under them, it may be urged, in extenuation of its weakness, that it was con stitutionally a knock-knee'd mind and never very strong upon its legs. The rosy hours were thus beguiled until it was time tor Bella to hare Pa's escort back. The dimples duly tied up in the bonnet-strings and the leave-taking done, they got out into the air, and the cherub drew a long breath ad if he found it refreshing. "Well, dear Pp," said Bella, "the anni versary may be considered over." "Yes, my dear," returned the cherub, " there's another of 'em gone." Bella drew his arm closer through hers as they walked along, and gave it a number of consolatory pats. " Thank yon, my dear," he said, as if die had spoken; "lam all right, my dear. Well, and how do yon get on, Bella t" "lam not at all improved, Pa." " Ain't you really though t" "No, Pa. On the contrary, I em worse." " Ror!" said the cherub. "I am worse, Pa. I make so many calculations how much a year I must hare when I many, and what is the least t can manage to do with, that I am beginning to get wrinkles over my nose. Did you notice any wrinkles ovev my nose tins evening, Pa?" Pa laughing at this, Bella gave him two or .< three shakes. "You won't laugh, sir, when yon see yoqr lovely woman turning haggard. Tod had better be prepared in time, I can teU you. I shall not he eble to keep my groedinesi for , money ont of my eyes long, and whan you gee j it there jouTI be sorry, mid eerie jdu right j for not bring warned In time, Now, tfc, J»p . entered into a bond of nortflddnae. ■ Haiy you j anything to impartF" - ...tf/ j 'X thought it was youwhb was to impart,, my tore." 1 •' -: v'V.'; ,"iQhitSiiiiffift: ttoSntyon rtk'tttq, the mon^t^batae pdt t The oonfidenoea oflovelywomen are not to be jligidedl-l^fbwef^'f I Jorgta* you th)!. once,W»d 1epk':hMe,:'''Psi' thaP^"-^BelU>.|d ■ the tiifio forefinger ofherright glova on her a ktia for ypti.' >knd £6Wff'«injj| to tell you—let me sea how n )bnbili0rtrfj$^')_' between*ea*afi£«-t Asm* "Number settling her arm comfortably, spd opullden - tislly. * ■ 'v'.* • Number ion#,* said yomPd-;, you.tW«^'®*?|!^;^ ooufused 'btfefo'epitotfftejidetyy;-WMpf beginniiig—>!hM.m^» 4? '!j®. itokcsmitk," don't toll m« so, my "dear!" i V) Mia-—tcr • Holto—ijnitb, Pa^,1 ^raid BcUt, . Separating the syllables for omphaala. " What > youppytyjimi f "-"F; Pa1 'jtolrtrerod,qmotjjy.iGlh , urfUtK^iF^ iaagy»»i| nn!,^P •.• •'"' an^i aM^o/'totiirhW wla atom IM-Hf itf* An w. W&'^££2sz'-. Ifaojflife.'-s? _,.. ^•A hackney ooecbhinn ' BdU, w»5tou&rit; tooUW* , pw^°> »>y ^ NwBbf.j Xough not 80 prasteron*. Mr ,, ilgbTood VouW prop^ tt mb,\f I would V>5W I understand, my dear, that y^u don't intend to lot him ? Bella again asying, with hor former emphasis, " Why, of course not ! her father felt himscir bound to echo," Of course not" "I don't care for him, smd Bell*. "Thri's enough," her father interposed. "So, Pa, it's not enough," rejoined Bella, riving him another shake or two. « Haven't, ; I tola von^rhat a mercenary little vrretch I | am? tt only becomes enough when he has no money, and no clients, and noeapeotations, and no anything but debts." "Hah!" said Iho cherub, a little depressed. Number three, my dear?" « Number three, Pa, is a better thmg. A generous thing, a noble thing, a delightful I At,.. Mrs, Boffin has herself tola me, as a > lecrrf, with her own kind lips-mid truer Ups ] never opened or closed in this life, I am sure _tf,at they wish to see me well married* and ; Una when I marry with their consent they will portion me most handsomely. Here < the grateful girl burst out crying very j "Don't cry, my darling," said her father, with his hand to his eyes; " it's ercusaMe in me to be a little overcome when I find that my dear-favourite child is, after all disappoint- , menta, to be so provided for and so rawed in 1 the world; but don't you ay, don't go* ay. < I am vmy thankful. I congratulate you j with all my heart, my dear." The good soft ; Utile fellow, drying his eyes, Mire, BeBa put j her arms wnmd his neck and tenderly kissed ] Jam on the high road, passionately telling him I he was the best of fathers and the best of friends, and. that on her wedding-morning she j would go down on her knees to him and beg j his patdonfor baring ever teased him or seemed ] insensible to the worth of such a patient, sym pathetic, genial, fresh young heart. At every j one of her adjectives she redoubled her bases, , aud finally fciased hi* bat off; and thws togh&d; j immoderately when the wind took it and he j ran after i&> , XYhm he had recovered his hat and bis j breath, and they were going on again onoe , more, said her father then: " Number four, j my dear ?" Bella's countenance fell in the midst o) her mirth, " After aU. peihaps I had hotter pat, off number four, Pa. Bet me try once more, if j for never so short a time, to hops that it may not reaUy bceo." The change in her, ttrengUieood the cherub • ; interest in number four, and he said quietly : "May not be so, my dear? May not be how, my dear?" , Bella looked at him pensively, and shook j her head. _ , " And yet X know right ,well it is so, Fa. .-1 | know it only too weU." "My love," returned nor father, you make me quite uncomfortable. Have you said No to anybody else, my dear ?" " No, Pa"" i « Yea to anybody?" he suggested, lifting ] op Lis eyebrows. "K-jik." t .. " Is there anybody rise who would take his chance between Tea and No, if you would let him, my dear " Not that I know ot IV " There can't be somebody who won't take his chance when yon want him to?" said the darub, as a list resource. "Why, of course not, pa," *id BeBa, giving him another -shake or two. "No, of course not," he assented. "Bella, ' my dear, I am afraid I mart either have no sleep to-night, or I must press for number | tour." " Oh, Fa, there is no good in number tour! I am so sorry to It, I am an onwOling to believe it, I hare tried so earnestly not to see it, that it is vary hard to tcfl, even to you. But Mr. Boffin is being *gnOt by prosperity, and is changing army day»" ■ «My desr Bdla, Ibi^e ««a,too»tnot "I have hoped and trusted net too,Pa;: but every day be changssfor th* worse, and, to the worse. V* toI:**-** *' •»!•*> nmtb the esme to sne-d»tojto<otiiW shant j him. .Before nf*m 'toipwioM, J capricious,hard, »«wr] a good man were *uimmli>;#todtotona,iti# j ' MA terrible ,**») this, and hata tbU, apjl told don't s taaw SS* ] worse change In ^ always in wj tfcOTghfo ^V*"' | Urn whole life Ipfatolnri^^Ww umowy, \ lifer* .re»a tor of worilhwiSe .'iMsntiM which it certainly-Is Itot W Charts# Dtikmi^ui Mr. VI retired fixm .tlfe Sarildcjf mrirktbdriMnstdfaw^mf 