AYE3LEYAN CONFERENCE. I From the Sydney Morning Herald.] Fifth Da}'.—At 10 a.m. the roll was called, and tlie usual devotional services were observed, the Revs. J. B. Waterhouse and G. Daniel ottering prayer. The question of examination of character was resumed, and occupied the attention of the Conference until 1 p.m., when the President pro nounced the benediction. At 2.30 p.m. the roll was again caded. 'The Scriptures were read, and the Kev. B. Chapman offered prayer. Alter dis posing of a few preliminary matters, the President suggested the desirability of appointing a small Committee to prepare a digest and elassilication of the recommendations of the several districts anent Genera) and Triennial Conferences. The Revs. J. Eggleston and J. C. Symmis were chosen by a unanimous vote. John Caldvrell, Esq., AI.L. A., and Ebcuezer Yickery, Esq., were appointed Auditors of the Connexional Funds for 1804. The Rev. D. J. Draper, Clerical Treasurer of the Old Preachers and Widows Fund, brought before the Conference a tabular statement of the contribu tions of the districts to that fund. It was agreed tiiat the rule requiring a certain sum from each circuit, in proportion to the number of ministers it has, should he adhered to. The question of the division of circuits was then entered upon and disposed of. At 5.15 p.m. the Conference ad journed. It was agreed that the Stationing Committee should meet this (Wednesday) morn ing, at 10, and the Conference at 12 o'ciock. Sixth Day,—The Stationing Committee met at the hour appointed, and continued their sitting until 1p.m.. At half-past 2 p.m. the Conference met The roll was called, and prayer was offered by the Dev. Edward King. The ex-President, the Kev. James Duller, read an obituary notice of .the ministerial life and happy death of the late Rev, Nathauiel Turner, which was adopted by the Con ference. The Secretary read the minutes of the preceding day's business. Tile President stated that the iirst drait of the stations was ready, and requested the Secretary to read it to the Confe rence. It was read without remark. On the motion of the Kev. J. G. Millard, it was resolved by the Conference that the stations be read a second time, and that discussion be taken thereon. Several of the recommendations of the Stationing Committee were considered, and the Conference adjourned to meet on Friday at 10 a.m. In the evening the President of the Conference (the Bev. J. S. Waugh) preached the official sermon in York-street Chapel. The rev. gentleman took for j his text the words—" He shall baptize you with the Hoi}' Ghost and witii fire" (Matthew iii. 11) — and upon it he founded a very earnest and practical discourse. At the close of the service the ordinance of the Lord's Supper was administered to the ministers present aud to a considerable number of the lay members of the Wesley an body. Seventh Day.—The Conference was onened by singing and reading the Scriptures, after which j prayer was offered by the Kevs. K. Mansfield and | J. Fletcher. Afessrs. J. Dawson, T. P. Reeve, Sutherland, W. Love, Ealkuer, Bowden, Barker, Davis, and Caldwell, M.P., as members of ibe Missionary and Connexional Committees, were present. The other members were unavoidably absent.. The order of the day being called, the i Children's Fund account was read liy the Clerical TrnKjuvr tin* Rev W A Oi?ii»l- 111.1 in ilm Treasurer, the Bev. W. A. Quick, and, on the motion of the Bev. J. Eggleston, the account was passe<L The Committee recommended that, in accordance with the usage of the Connexion, the support of the children of the ministers he divided among the districts in accordance with the number of members in each district. It was unani mously agreed'that the thanks of the Committee are due, and are hereby presented, to the Treasurers of the fund—the Bev. W. A. Quick and Captain Horton, of Boss—for their services during the past year; and that they be appointed Treasurers of the fund for the present year. The thanks of the Committee were presented to the Kev. George Hurst and John Caldwell, Esq., ALP.. for auditing the accounts. Two Auditors were to be named by the President as Auditors of the account for -S65, resident in the city where the Conference would next be held. The Bev. John Watsford. in the absence of the Clerical Treasurer, the Bev. John Cope, read the account of the fund for the education of ministers' children. An in teresting conversation ensued, after which, on the motion of the Bev. D. J. Draper, the balance sheet was adopted. It was resove-i unanimously that tlie thanks of the Committee he presented to John Colton, Esq., ALP., and the Kev. John Cope, the Treasurers, anil that they be appointed to the same office for 1865. The thanks of tlie Com mittee were also presented to Thomas Padman and John Ballantyue, Esqs., the Auditors of the fund, and they were respectfully requested to he the Auditors t'or the present year. The Rev. 1). J. Draper then read the balance-sheet of the Old Preachers and WidowsFund. This account showed that the community of Methodists deeply sympathizes with the claims of those who spend their best days in the service of tlie Church. To this fund, the ministers pay £6 6s. each per -annum, which, with the payment of the quarterly meetings of the circuits, according to the number of ministers taken in those circuits, ?.nsl annual collections made in all the congregations form the capital of tiiis most excellent fund. On the motion of the Bev. 1*. Alansfield tliat the account now read be received aud adopted, it was passed amidst much applause. William Love. Esq., moved that the thanks of the Committee be pre sented to the Hon. A. Fraser, M.L.C., and the Bev. D. J. Draper, for their invaluable services as Treasurers of this fund; and that thev be reap pointed Treasurers for 1865. The thanks of the Committee were also presented to John Whitney and James Copelaml, Esqs., the Auditors, for their important sen-ices, aDd that they be ap pointed to act as Auditors for the present year. The Committee of the Conference then adjourned until 2 o'elock p.m. On reassembling, alter a hymn had been sung, prayer was offered by the Bev James Bickford. The business was resumed by a motion of the Rev. John Watsford to the effect that the investigation of and report upon the state of the fund for the support of the Supernumeraries aud Ministers' Widows required bv rule be postponed until the Conference of 1866. The Kev. S. Rabmie, Missionary Secretary, lead tlie minutes of the Missionary Executive Com mittee of Review in Sydney for the past year. The expenditure had been as follows:-New Zealand (Northern District). £2,61-2 19s. 7d.; New Zealaud (southern District), £1.2055s. Sd.; Friendly Islands District, £2.227 lOs.j Fjji District, £4,9514s. lid.; Samoa District, £511 18s. 9d. The proposed ex penditure for 1S65 was read by the Secretary, and agreed to by tlie Committee. Votes of thanks were then passed to the officers and benefactors of the funds, and totheWesleyau Missionary Society in London. Various votes were agreed on for New Zealand, and the following grants were also made:—Fiji District, £5,09S: Friendly Islands District, £2,449; Samoa, £450: for missionary brig John Wesley, £2,500: general expenses. £820; returned missionaries, £GS9; Chinese mission in Victoria, £150; Aboriginal mission, Cooper's Creek, £50, leaving a deficit to be paid by tlie Missionary Committee in London of £6,251 7s. Kid. Tlie business of this Connexional Committee . was closed with prayer. The English AIaic.—We have received from the Cost-Office the following particulars of mails dispatched per contract packet on 27th January: —London via Marseilles, 4 boxes, containing 2,054 idlers (35 registered) and 344 newspapers; London via Southampton, 60 boxes, containing 8,7.36 letters (226 registered) and 9,260 newspapers; India, China. Cape of Good Hope, Mauritius, and Mediterranean ports, 39 mails, containing 631 letters ('.I registered) and 471 newspapers; Western Australia, :> mails, containing 251 letters (5 registered) and ICO newspapers. ! 