LINGUISTIC LAZINESS. ((EL)) [from chambers's journal. 1 , Professor Max Muller points out, in his admir able 'Lectures on the Science of Language,' that one of the chief agents in the development, or, as some . would say, the corruption of speech, is muscular ! relaxation; in other words, laziness; that is to say, combinations of sounds difficult of pronunoia- i tion are slurred over or melted down until they are hardly recognisable. The French meme, a contrac tion of memetipsissimus, is a conspicuous example i of this process ; and many words of Latin derivation ; in our own language, having twice , undergone the crucible, are mere skeletons of their former selves. Trace the word stranger, for instance, to the Old French form estrangier, and thence to t,he original extraneus, what a metamorphosis has taken place ! Or look at sexton, and what a shadow of sacristanus remains! The French ejoee is but the ghost of sjpada, which first lost the terminal syllable, then, for facility of expression, took an initial vowel, and lastly dropped the sibilant consonant. Etablir from ' stdbilire, esprit from spiritus, and ecuyer ('squire) from scutarius, present similar transformations ; the French having, as a rule, melted down the medial, while the Italians have omit led' the final, consonants. There is no need, however, to look abroad. What better instance is there than our own story, daughter oihistoire, and grand- daughter of historia? or than alms, a wholesale contraction of eleemosyna? Nor has. the Teutonic element in bur tongue escaped' this ' phonetic decay,' as the process has been named. Our Anglo-Saxon forefathers had several guttural sounds, and a number of consonantal com- , ?binations which have long been abandoned as un- ; manageable, thongh, in some cases,' the orthography ; has been retained. Nobody attempts to pronounce the initial letter in knave, knight, gnash, gnat; yet it was not always silent; and Germans, at the present day, experience no difficulty in sound ing Jen in a score words or so, nor gn in a, smaller number. Muscular relaxation, indeed, assumes different phases among different peoples. We make no objection to ct at the end, or cl at the beginning of a syllable ; yet the Italians shrink from such combinations, softening lector into lettor, and clamare (clamor) ? into chiamare. We, in our turn, have a horror of gutturals, in which our Scotch and Irish brethren luxuriate, and hence those glaring orthographic anomalies which have provoked the humorous . exclamation, ??' 0 you G H !' and which are the constant theme of spelling reformers. We ignore the guttural in light, night, and numerous other words where the spelling retains it ; not, as was formerly supposed, from a regard to euphony, but because nite, as Mr Muller pointedly remarks,' requires less expendi ture of muscular energy than naght or nacht, as pronounced in Scotland and Germany ; and hence, as people always buy in the cheapest market, nite found more customers than the more expensive terms. As to rough, hiccough, plough, &c;, which are such a perplexity to foreigners, the science of language explains —what to many Englishmen is still a puzzle — how gh acquired the. sound of f or k. When persons cannot pronounce a particular sound, they substitute one which most . nearly resembles it ; and so, just as a child unable to articulate k, says tat, tiss, for cat, kiss, we adopt laf, ruf,enuf. The Romans, for an identical reason, changed thymos into fumus, for it should be borne in mind that the ancients were as indolent as our selves in this , respect. The Latin auctor, in all probability, was always pronounced, as latterly it was spelt, autor; while a final wi was very faintly sounded, and in . verse was often elided. Vulgar pronounciation obviously arises from lazi ness or defective articulation ; hence nuffin for nothing, for the slightest movement of the lower lip towards the upper teeth converts. th into/. The negroes, whether naturally disinclined or not to manual labor, are unmistakably averse to exertion in speech ; and thus lovely becomes lubly, think and this, become tink, dis, and the participial ing re laxes into in\ as in readin'. But we must not oast reflections on the colored race, considering that our uneducated classes at home exhibit the same bar barisms : aoin\ fust. an', findiner manv customers on account of their cheapness, compared with going t first, and. One would ascribe to tho same cause the frequent elision of tho aspirate,, were it not that it is as often inserted unnecessarily. Yet it is a fact that h, unconscious as we are of it, requires great effort, beginning from the abdominal muscles, . and ending in those that open the glottis to its widest extent. Mr Max Muller believe3 there was a time when the Aryan races had no aspirates ; and if we took a show of tongues, h would be out voted in what, whioh, when, &c;, by an overwhelm ing majority.. It is true that, among educated people, a counter-movement is taking place. Dickens's Uriah Heap helped to laup;h umble out of fashion ; and the aspirate is making itself heard in herb and a few other words ; but hour and honor will probably long continue exceptions to the rule. Yet it has evidently been gaining ground for the last two centuries, for our translation of the Bible seems to show that at that time it was not sounded at all. Wo have alluded above to the combination cl, which is obviously rather difficult to pronounoe, and many people, without knowing it, invariably say tlear, tlose, for clear, close. In bike manner, glory become dlory, and Webster even gives this as the correct mode. For the same reason, accom plise becomes aoeomplish, ink becomes ingk, nature slides into nachur, and soldier into soljer. In some cases, a syllable is saved, perhaps being economised into praps, and police into pleece. Proper names, from their frequent use, are ' peculiarly liable to abbreviation, and accordingly Cholmondeley is con tracted to Chuinley, and Majoribanks to March banks. Ipswich and many other places beginning with a vowel originally had a g prefixed. In towns, it is true, tho influence of the ?educated classes generally provents any extensive deviation from the orthography; but in villages, tho natives would often be puzzled to know what you meant if, in ud dressing them, you adhered to tho spelling. Poly syllables are held in abhorrenco, and to cite three instances from a single county — Lctheringaott is shortened to Longsett, Tivotshall to Titsal, and Poringlaud to Porlan. But pronun ciation ia not always ' lightened by compros sion. Paradoxical as it may appear, to lengthen a word sometimes makes it more glib, a proof of the adage, that the longest way round is the shortest way home. The r in messenger is an£ example of this elongation ; but the analogous cor ruption of sassenger for sausage has met with less favor, probably because the word is not so oommon. The b in humble, slumber, chamber, ambrosia, is likewise interjectional ; and so is the d in thunder, gender, cinder. It may naturally be asked how the- tendency to smooth down difficulties can be 're- conciled with the existence of the most awkward consonantal combinations, in which verbs are espe cially rich. What more barbarous, for example; than scratch' d? What greater trial to the organs of speech than mightst, couldst, wouldst, or shouidst? Yet even these are eclipsed by the frightful collocation smopthedst, which De Qaincey quotes from a lino of poetry, humorously asking whether the teeth of a crocodile would not splinter under such a word.' These cases, however, admit of easy explanation. The fact is, that the economical principle has been pushed to such an extreme that it has defeated its purpose. It has paid too dear for its whistle, or rather for its monosyllable. These troublesome forms are the consequence of squeezing two syllables into one. Hence the abbreviation of the preterite of verbs, an innovation against which Swift and Addison vainly protested ; the latter affirming that it had very much disfigured the language,' and turned a tenth part of ' our smoothest words into so* many clusters of consonants. Stretched and drudged are flagrant instances of this, and ashed. is so difficult to pronounce, that most persons, ignore the k, as Thackeray, a keen observer of vulgarisms, gives it in his ballad of EUzaDavis:-^ Arid Eliza told her master (Kinder they than missus' are) ' How in marriage he had as'd her| ?????'.' Like a galliant British tar. ? :^ . . i In some parts of England, wasps, posts, &C;, are pronounced wdsp-es, post-es, an attempt to surmount the difficulty by making an additional syllable] and helm becomes helem-, while in Dorsetshire, though ' es8entally a masculine dialect, whirl becomes wurdle. A curious consequence of phonetic decay is that words of widely-different origin have acci dentally coalesced. Thus, in French; to 'praise* and to ' let' (a house) are both represented by louer, and etymologists of the old school might have de voted much ingenuity to explaining the mutual rodfc of such diverse significations, had it not been known that, in the former sense, it is a contraction '.' bt Idu dare, and in the latter, of locare. The elision of the medial consonant has obliterated the distinctioa. ,In like manner, the wind blows, and the flower blows, two separate verbs having by '? chance coalesced; So with the two meanings of ' cleave' —not dissimilar r merely, but contradictory : a man splits a block of wood, and he adheres to his party or his' family ; and in 'either 'case we may say he cleaves. Licgan, to repose, and leogan, to '; speak: falsely, have both shrunk into ' lie ;' and hence'Sir Henry Wotton's witty ? definition of an ambassa dor, as a man sent to lie abroad for the!gootl of his country. The noun ' see,' again, is a 'contrac- tion of seat (sedesj, but the verb see is from the Anglo-Saxon seohan. Corn, too, as a grain, is Saxon, while, as a callosity on the foot, it is Latin, meaning horny. Sage, the plant, is from salwige; sage, the adjective, comes from sapius. Sound, in its commonest application, is from the Latin sonwi; as a bay, it is Saxon, and seems related to ' swim.' The final d is in both cases a corruption, like the'& in chamber, already noted, jnst as illiterate people now a days say ' drownd,' and ' drownded,' instead of drown, drowned. In. some instances, orthography retains a distinction, as reign, rain; but the latter word is equally entitled to the g on the score of derivation, viz., regen. Sometimes words do not actually coalesce, but approach ; so nearly as to appear related. No one, for instance,' at the first blush, would hesitate to refer 'bless' and 'bliss' to a common root; yet the former comes from the Anglo-Saxon blot, tosacrifioe, and the latter from the Latin beatus. 'Sorrow'* and ' sorry' are equally unconnected, the substan tive coming from sorh or sorge, care, the latter from sar, or sore. 'Tense,' again, has nothing to dojwith ' intense ' or ' tension ;' tense being temjnis, time, and the other words from tensui, stretched. Before concluding, it should be remarked that orthoepio changes are not in all cases attributable to musoular relaxation, some being apparently capricious, and perhaps making the word more difficnlt. Thus, ioun requires more exertion than own, as the word one was originally pronounoed- — a fact, proved not only by the spelling and by the compound ' only ' (one-like), but by the rhymes of the old poets. Chaucer, for instance, says : — Ilis brede, his ale, was alway after one; A better envyned man was no wher non ; and probably the old pronunciation was not quite obsolete as late as the Restoration, for Butler gives ' once' as a rhyme to ' dragoons' in the well known description of the Independents : A mongrel kind of church dragoons, That served for horse and foot at once. '? Upon slang abbreviations we have not thought it necessary to comment, for this is a very different thing from phonetic deoay, the peculiarity of which is that it is an unconscious process. 'Mob,' a contraction of mobile, quoted by Dryden as a new expression, has gained a footing in the language, and a few other Latinisms may be equally success ful ; but this element in our tongue is very slight. Literature gives great fixity to speech, and the prominent phenomenon in ouc day is not phonetic deoay, but the gradual absorption of dialeots ; for, as Hallam remarks, ' in an advancing state of so ciety, and especially with suoh a vigorous political circulation as we experience in England, language will constantly approximate to uniformity, as pro vincial expressions are more and more rejected for incorrectness or inelegance.' 