MISANTHROPIC MUTTERINGS. By our Paid Grumbler. No. 7. SPIRITS IN SYDNEY, AND NO MISTAKE ! Dear Punch, — I have made a discovery — an extraordinary discovery — a most im portant discover" — a discovery which will, I doubt not, astound and alarm Australia ; it is important, inasmuch as it may, by its publica tion in your invaluable columns, be the means of preventing any of those individuals whose business (?) often keeps them out till three, four, and five o'clock in the morning, from becoming the miserable victims of a set of infernal imps, demons, enchanters, spirits, or what ever their mysterious nature may be, who evidently (I speak from bitter experience) take infinite delight in amusing themselves at the expense of any unfortunate individuals who happen to be abroad during the short hours of the morning, and who lately practised their diabolical arts upon poor, simple, innocent mc, to such an extent that I was rendered incapable of returning to my office for two days and a half afterwards. I recollect reading, in some great and learned work, of the existence of certain demons or enchanters (they must be Loth, or they would never have found their way to this enchanting country) in a land whose name I have forgotten, and of how they used to he perpetually annoying, in a very serious way sometimes, and sometimes "more 'tother," certain celebrated and renowned Knights, whose names have also fled from tlio " seat of memory " in this "distracted brain," but little did I dream that, under the "Assisted Emigration Act," these tormentors would, in the absence of these Knights of old, exercise their vocation on the nights of the Southern Hemisphere. But I will proceed to relate as concisely as possible the particulars of my new discovery, and leave my end to bo obtained by the con clusion you and the public will, I am sure, ultimately arrive at. You will be good enough to understand, then, (and your understanding is as good-natured as it is gigantic), that I had been so occupied somewhere , on the occasion in question, with two or three friends — par ticular friends — bosom friends — friends of long standing — that I did not notice that old Time was turning on his hour-glass pretty rapidly, nor do I believe that any one of my friends noticed it cither, so absorbing was our occupation. Notwithstanding this peculiar absence of mind, I have an indistinct recollection of having heard a " voice, and nothing else," say that it was " time to ho moving," and some thing, also, in reference to four o'clock in the morning. Absence of mind immediately retired in favour of a consciousness of a presence of body whore " it didn't ought to was," and I led the way to the door. As soon as I got alfresco, and inhaled tho cool, pure air of the early morn, my demoniac experiences commenced. Tho fiends began their diabolical practices with multiplying the number of lamp posts that I had been accustomed to sec in the same locality by, at least, two, and setting them all dancing and spinning round in a hideous whirl, till, in an incredibly short space of time, I became the centre of a circle, round which they (tho lamp posts) revolved with terrific speed. At first I felt inclined to laugh at such a peculiar proceeding, hut quickly found, from some unaccountable cause, that my laughter would ho " on the wrong side of the mouth." My friends had disappeared, hut I fancied I saw one of them with his heels at about the same height as ho usually carried his head, and heard another confidentially inform a drinking- fountain that he was "aw-rite;" but certain it is, that I have not seen any one of them since. I began to feel " kinder queer " under such very mysterious circumstances, and, in fact, experienced a sort of dizziness, which made mo wildly grasp at a lamp-post that I saw coming towards mc, to avoid the unpleasant necessity of sitting or lying down ; hut just as I thought I had it in my embrace, it turned into a mist, and I fell clean through it on to tho dirty ground a la Peiter's Ghost. I see it all now : the enchanters shifted the lamp post just as I was about to put my arms round it. The houses and lights still whirled round, but, notwithstanding this, I got on my feet again. I remember this well enough; the imps could not rob me of my senses. After a good deal of bobbing and dodging to keep out of tho way of tho lamp posts, eke., I managed to arrive within about one hundred and twenty yards of my residence — which I could plainly see had been altered in the last few hours, so that I should not know it — when, all of a sudden, happening to strike my foot against a brick- hat, or something of the sort, up rose tho pavement, and struck mo in the face, by no means adding to the beauty of the latter. Is it not surprising that I was not knocked down by the force of tho blow ? When I had sufficiently recovered from the shock, I started off with the determination (although the lamps, &c.;, were still crossing my path, and in two or three instances actually coming in contact with mo) of making a hold dash to reach my own door, when, just as I was in the act of darting round the corner, a high wall (I am not prepared to swear it was not a fence) suddenly sprang up or shot out, and wo both came into collision with the force of two runaway " iron horses." Fire flashed from my eyes, and also from the windows of the houses close by, with indignation at such treatment. After this, I succeeded in reaching my own door without any further annoyance, and con- gratulated myself on the fact, but, alas ! too prematurely ; for I found even my own peaceful dwelling afforded mc no sanctuary from my spiteful and malicious persecutors. On getting upstairs, and enter ing my dormitory — a feat in the accomplishment of which I experienced some difficulty, owing, of course, to the peculiar manner in which the aforesaid stairs behaved on the transit, and which I attribute to the same supernatural cause. — I was nearly knocked down with astonish ment at seeing three or four lights burning where I had usually been | accustomed to see only one. Yes, there were several ; I forget the exact number ; hut I know I tried to extinguish them, and could not, ! though I threw my hoots, and every other available missile, at them. And so, after making sundry quotations expressive of my impatience, indignation, &c.;, in reference to the aforesaid lights, I was about to retire to rest, when, all of a sudden, I saw, or fancied I saw, the floor rising up precisely in the same manner that the pavement had done a short time previously. Experience having taught me a thing or two, and to save myself from further damage, I made a desperate spring on to my bed, hut either jumped short of the mark, or sprang upon the wrong one (for there were two as I saw them), through which I must evidently have fallen with a crash upon the floor ; at least I recollect perfectly that I was on the floor at four o'clock the next afternoon, when I woke with a very bad bead-acbe, and feeling very much as if I had been buried and dug up again. Such, Mr. Punch, are the particulars of my great discovery of the existence of spirits in this city. All the abqve -detailed misfortunes, delusions, and confusions, were produced, I am convinced, by their agency. I may have grumbled without cause sometimes in your columns, hut 1 think this time I have sufficient and just cause for doing so, not only for my own sake, but in the interests of the com munity in general, who ought to be protected from becoming the vic tims of these impish " night dancers." Down with them, Mr. Punch \- — exorcise them — exterminate them — and, above all, if you go to a public banquet , return home ivhen it is over; for if you linger on the way, you will inevitably experience the same indescribable tortures that have been oxDerienced by vour miserably — I mean miserable PAID GRUMBLER. 