CHALMERS' CHURCH. I Last evening, a. social tea - meeting ivas held in Chalmers' Church, Cleveland Paddocks, to celebra to the induction qt tho Itov. Br Beg aa the minister of that 1 thurah. As the building waa almost crowded, there must havo been no less than between 500 and COO I persons present Among those present and on the platform were tho Itov. Dr. Steel, Rev. Dr. Fullerton, Rov. Adam Thomson, Rev. S. C. Kont, Rev. AV. Ridley, Rov. J. Bickford, Rev. S. Humphrey, Rev. "NV. S. Donald, Rev. J. Dougall, Rov E. Robinson, Rev. R Boag, Mr. Barnet (colonial architect). Mr. J. M'Skiming, Mr. Kelly, Mr. Kay, Mr. Halley, and the Rev. Dr. Beg, who occupied tho chair. After tho removal of the tea-things the business of tho evening commenced with an anthem, which was admirably sung by tho choir, aa wcro also several other pieces, at intervals, during tho proceedings. Tho CKAIUMAN said bo would not say much on that occasion, as there wcro others to follow, who would say things to stir them up to words of power and labours of love, He was gratified to see such an assemblage ns that bo Toro him. Ho sincerely thanked those ministers who bad favoured them with their presonco, and also thanked tlioso who wcro absent. The notes of apology received, showed that, although absent in body, they wore present in spirit. (Applause.) He was not disposed to Hatter, for it had been well ob- st r rod that of all tho tame beasts there was nono so horrid as tho tyrant, and ot all tamo boasts there was nona so fond of fluttery as thc tyrant, Btill he felt con- strained to say ou behalf of tho congregation, to those who did honour thom with their presence, that he thanked them. Ho then, referring to tito interesting proceedings of tho previous ovoning, when ho was formally inducted as tho pastor of that church, said they must all have derived much profit from tho excel- lent address that had been delivered on that occasion. It was as though Christ himself had been speaking through tho minister. Ho was happy to say that hu had his efforts cordially supported by tho members of tho oburcli since ho (Dr. Beg) cams among thom. They lmd instituted in sovoral places local district prayer meetings in privoto haussa, which tvoro woll attended, and appeared to be appreciated by tho people. In that work of faith ho was ably li ol ped by tho mombcrs of tho church, as well as in the Sabbath-school, which waa now in a prosperous state.' He lind a Bible-class, which was attended by sixty-six young persons. If they got on as : well in tho future as thoy had dono during thc past six weeks, they would havo cause for much thankfulness. He could not have got ou so favourably had it not boen for tho willing co-oporntion of tho mombcrs of tho congregation. Ho would now call upon his friond and brother Dr. Steel, to whom they were nil so much indebted. (Applause.) .Tho Rev. Dr. STEEL, who waa received with enthu- siastic cheers, Btml.Jwhen ho filled the moderatorshlp of that congregation ia tho dark and cloudy day. be had no expectation that they would bo met on Buch an occasion as tho present, under such providential circum- stances, and with a such largo assemblage as that ho now saw before him. Tho reverend gentleman then went into a dotailod and interesting account of tho .call of- Dr. Beg, to tho ' pastorate of that congregation. Ho 'asked them to recognise tho hand of Providence in Dr. Bog's election, and to join with him (Dr. Steel) in ? giving God tho glory. They had now a minister who not only spoke tho lan . gungos of India, tho Arabia and all tho Oriental lan- guages, and had n rospootablo knowledge of mathe- matical and physical Koionco, but thoso who heard him preach know how oloquontly ho spoke tho English :in nielodistio flow. But it was still bolter whon they saw thatbo taught thom tho language of Canaan. Groat credit was duo to tho ofllce hearers who had reared up and eustained that edifice in the dark and olaudv dav to which ho referred. Ho trusted that tho orodit awarded should bo of a substantial character, and that they would roliove their ministor froin any anxiety respecting financial matters, seeing that it was not right that ho should bo obliged to leavo tho ministry of tho Word and- Borvo tables. Ho trusted that in - future ? thc finances of the church would bo kept in a proper' posi- tion, and that thoy would keep up every member to some minimum point for tho maintenance of tho ordi- nances of religion amongst thom. A now era waa now «bout to be commoncod in tho. Presbyterian churches, and he (Or. Bteel) trusted that the principle ot requiring of every congregation, of o very member esraeltiing up to a minimum point, that vii olity would oharauterieo the whole body, and that thoy would show thomsolvos worthy of their historic momoriosand theil noble banner,-. (Cheera) ., -*r í>-> i» , u jThn, Dnv. AnfuTtrnUBON.On beingCttllOd Ofl, BMd ItWftl a matter of eineore congratulation that they were able to bohold nw oin a pastor of tlie congregation, a ministol whom he had known in tho fatherland,., and whom he waa euro was a man after their own heart Ho folt with bis brother, Sr. Steel, that tho present time waa fraught with groat interest to tho Presbyterian churches in Australia ; yot they wore not to oxpoot too. much from union. It .would bo all ia vain without a fresh effusion of tho Holy Ghost If tho Presbyterian .union was to bo a blessing they were to bo earnost in proyor that God would revive His work. Tho building of tho wall of Jerusalem in tho days of Nehemiah was. offoctod by each building opno sito his own house, and it was in tho same spirit that thoy were to disohargo the duties devolving on them as members of tho church. If tho monitors of tho church and deacons combined, in prayer and co-operation with their pastor, tho blessing of God would rest upon thom, (Obiers. '.t'hu BOT. Mr. J.UIKS B-Citronn said ho had a,few days ngo roocived a noto inviting him to be present He waa very glad to bo them. Ia reforance to what foll from tho Hov. Mr. Thomson, ho would say he boped tint the Presbyterian body would raise their flag, and raise it high. (Cheers.) Tho WcBloyans and Prcebytorians had always been great frionds. Tho friendship of Sr. Chalmers was ¿over to bo forgotten. IIo was right glad to seo Sr. Bog among them, and to him ho would give tho right hand of Christina fellow- ship. (Applause.) ' The Hov. J. DOUGALL was happy to bo thoro lo givo tho Itov. Sr. Bog a hearty welcome In a truo bluo Presbyterian congregation Uko that, he would not in trod nco n liturgy; but ho would refer to ono passage in tho prayer book, and taking it in connection with' a simi- lar prayer in ono ef tho Epistles of St. Tnul-" From unreasonable men, good Lord deliver us.". Ho would adopt it in roforence to some in tho present day-ho Mr. Bougall would not excuso tho faults of a minister ; but while saying BO,,ho would havo thom to remember, that tho miiiisturwasaman. Thoy should not. bo expecting too much, norindulging lu tlioirown foolish fancies. Ho thon went on at soma joaglh, showing tho coin-so which unreasonable men too of ten pursue, and which they should cndenvoitr^to avoid. Tho reverend gentleman's hints wco rocciyod with great satis- faction. Tho Hov. S. 0. KENT said ho was thora because tbs nearest Congregational minister, tho Hov. Mr. Slntyor, was absent in Queensland. Ho was sure wera that Kcntloman here, ho would bo most happy to givo a cordial wolcomo to tho Hov. Sr. Beg, OB their minister. Ho rejoiced to think that the good old Gospel would he preached in that house. Ho was glad to learn that their minister hail instituted cottago prayer mcotings. If thoy conlinuod to act In that way, in privato houses, they would not worship in that church in vain. (Aimlaufto ) Ino Hov. Mr. DÓNALO oarnoslly callod on tho oon grcgn'ion to uid their ministor by proyor .mid labour in building up tho causo of Christ thoro.' Ho rave an account of a sermon which ho hoard Mr. Spurgeon pronoh ou diligouco: and stirred up tho tudienco by tho oxamplo of tho bm and tho ant.' Savrral other ministers addressed tho meeting j but OB ho evening was pretty far advanced, ' their remarks .vero necessarily shortened, and shortly before oloven >'clock, this very auspicious meeting dispersed. FATAI. TNCIHKNT AT TUB CA PR.-Avery melancholy ovont is reported by tho Port Klizabeth Telegraph (Capo of Goori Hope) of tho 00th Juno, ns follows:-"Mr. Alfred Frost and O. J. Muller, young mon, brothers-in law, on Saturday ? last wont out shooting, both ap- parently in robust health. Thoy returned in tho evening, and wero shortly after taken severely ill. Boforo long both becamo dolirious, medical aid was called, but notwithstanding that everything was done which sltill could devino, tito sufferers lingered but a few days-Mr. Muller dying on Tuesday last, and Mr. Frost on Wednesday. As may bo supposed, tho death of thuso two young men, under such circumstances, crontcd quito a sensation, not only amongst a wide circle nf frtertds hut tho publio gonerally ; nnu an impression got abroad that whilst out hunting thoy lind oaten some hurb omtnining poison. In consequence, tho medical mon mndo nn examination of Muller's stomach, which, linwov.'r, wns found to contain nothing poisonous. - The brain was then examined and found to bo diseased, which'has lod to tho opinion that doath was caused by sun-stroke, accelerated by the unfortunate young mon hading gonn throughout the ontiro day without their proper food." ROCKY RIVER.--The parties who some time ago un- dertook to open up trail races through the tiers of granito boulders have removed most of the obstacles in their way, and commenced sluicing the bed of the river with moderate success. They now have a good scope of ground open for them, and anticipate averaging fair wages for a considerable time to come. The whole of the river from below Maitland Point upwards would pay for sluicing from top to bottom could such a pro- cess be adopted, but unfortunately the river is too flat for successful working, there not being fall enough in the river to keep a trail race open. Where the above- mentioned parties have set in there is a little fall, and once a fair face obtained they will be enabled to keep the bed rock all the way up. Goode, Hansen, and Co. are progressing very well with their new tunnel, being in now nearly 200 feet. They have cut for their own use 3000 feet of rail planks, sufficient for a set of boxes and other sawn stuff required, thus saving a large out- lay in cash. Rocky River, 23rd August.--Armidale Express. Isvjs»Ki.r..-On Wednesday morning a messenger-"' 1 from the Gillgi, about six miles from Inverell, com» >'*' into town and reported that n man out there bad cut ' ' his throat and was dying. Senior-constable Faros worth hastened out immediately and found'tho unfortu- - - . unto man in tho agonies of doath, though quito sensible; % t His nama is Samuel Walker, and; though not n EetUeóV ' '? resiiont. ho is well known about Inverell, having fol- ^ lowed tho occupation of a carrier to and from this dis» . trict for somo oonsidorablo timo past. How or nt what : *'<? particular t mo the deed was committed appeal« to be>v ' wrapped in mystory, - though several persons: wer«''»^ camped in his immediate vicinity. ; His windpipe wa»" ' " almost divided, tho dissevered- parts being distinctly -*i ., visible, and a pool of blood was at somo diáfanos) - - ' from him, which, would Form to argue that her .' had perpetrated the fearful deed and crawled to his bret ? afterwords. I am told ho showed the utmost anxioty . ".' to make some commuuication, but was unable to do tog \ aud that ho oven strove, through unsuccessfully, t»-- ??' mnko ? himself understood by ' means of tho dumb ' alphabet Mr. Farnsworth despatched a messenger to ' '> Glen Innes for Dr. Skinner. The unfortunate man» - « howovcr, died boforo his arrival, after having survived .' ' the commission of tho deed about twenty-four hours a» » it is supposed. It would now appear, though ne>.- .? particular cause ia assigned, that tins man had teen- ' meditating ruicido for some time, and that only a farr days previously ho implored a blackfellow to out hi»''" throat for him. Thc noorigirial,. howovcr, demurred t0st-< undertake tho horrid office, and, in tho curt style of hi» " ' raco, told him to do it himself,--Armidale Expresa ' EXKCOTIOH OP FOUR, AnomoiKss POR MUJIDÉRÍ-^-'^J On tho Í 9lh ultimo four satires wore , hung, for . - murder at Terth, Western Australia. At.ejght o'clock,^? the first two of tho condemned made thotr' appeamhoe .'. on tho scaffold, volling and moaning j tho ropes' w'erë)! " adjusted about their necks, the caps drawn ovar- their-. .' : faces, and tho bolt was on-tlia point of hoing drawn, - ? when ono of tho poor follows spoke loudly to nia oom-1'-* - panion-"Monkey, aro yon dead?" "Nb, not yet,'*' replied Monkey; when ejaculating "OB.'tny Ood," ' ° tho two squatted down as low as tho ropes watua''",'.1 allow/ thus preventing any drop. This uon- plussed Ui«> ?''-' shoriff and his deputy, as it Avns'iBdiBpcnsnblo.thnt th'er 2 ! moa should bo standing to allow of their c¿'G0ution¿ ' i and as thoy could not bo induced to eland, they must rt bo hold up until tho fatal moment arrived. ' I ThiiOv , pleasant oflleo was allotted to some half dozen policemen," ' . who uphold them bodily until'tba drop 'stifled their - ' , groans, yells, and their lives togother. " After tie- .' bodies had bunga quartor of an hour, and life had' 4 been pronounced extinct, thoy were out down, and'pra-'."! parntiorts mado for tho two yet to bo put to denthi f Warned, howover, by tho provlous sceno, it was decidcu* ' ' i they should bo oxocuted soparolely, and tho third, er "' i man of porhaps forty or forty- flvoj w^as pinioned, and-' liikou up on tile scaffold moaning, groaning, r.nd yelling} ' ' adjuring those around : "Don't hung nie/.l'm n poor '' . old follow," &o; This man; however,' beca ino qiiiet-'^ when placed on tho drop, and thora" WM flo further if trouble with him. Tho fourth was a youní,or niau, woll known at Albany by tho name of Jacky Howson^- - > whon tho samo dreadful sceno of yelling, groaning; 'tind : supplications for moroy were again gone over,' tba erl-' ' minal having hie lifo cut short, immediately after ox« 1 claiming " What will tho Qu cen say vhou uko hear tho Governor hung mo f-Perth Gazette.1 ' . , Tua ODTRAOB on MORGAN'S Dour,-Tho report of ' tho board appointed to inquire into the circumstanófo" connocted with tho mutilation of tho dead hedy af'tte ' ' bushranger Morgan contains statements to tho follow- . ? ing effect:-Tho body waa taken : to Wangaratta, ? inni ? baWng.toenenolosoa iv n^moM^^mtá'thaiíáí& Uièïï' ~ "' centro ot->tDffppneo.--.eeu^wbeTé- th«' "puttio-tta» mt* *.. milted to'view it,: a portion of tho .covering being r#-. ? moved, so tliat the faoo could bo seen. . Superintendent Cobham oxnlains his subséquent conduct by stating! - that from tho atrocious conduct of Morgan, ho scarce)*- -'' regarded tho corpso as tho rcmnins of a human body, i About threo o'clock tho; Bamo-afternoon tho body wa» »¡ removed to tho end Rtnll of innwn .fnliln.et,«^. . . . Cr. Dobbyn, tho coroner, and Dr. Medrar, of Tornwïn- : > geo, mndo preparations for ta ki tig ' n cast of tho head,- > > In the presonco ot theso gentlemen, of Inspector'-1 Cobham . ani . . Bovoral of. the "publie,- Dr.: " Henry, of Benalla, floshod tho ' beard .'from- ' > .th» face . of tho corpse ' ? a'? diwb'? > knife, supplied by Mr.- Cobham for' tho-purposo ? ana . '* thon severed tho'head from tho trunk,; "î£ harbor wa* ' * . omployod to shevo tho mutilated hoad, \vhich ivas thou' ' washed with hot -water ? Tho necessary operations fori« 1 taking, the' cast were then proceeded, with". Subs«- ' .. quontly tho hoad wan aont to Melbourne, and the trunk * < placed ia a coffin, and intoned in tho "Wangaratta' ?.. ' comatory. Tho Board f urthor report that tho removal-'". - of Morgan's beard was suggosted by Mr. Cobham, and- ?1 authorised by that officer that they ft lt bound to oin. v servo that tho telegraphic massagca sent by. Mr. Cob-' .' > ham for tho information of tho Government wera in-. .* consistent with tho foots os given in evidence boforft thom,, and they had ascertained that tho sovoririg 'of .< '. the hoad from tho lifolcss trunk was, if not suggested, - 1 at least taoitly acquiosood in, and not opposed by Mr. Cobham, Dr. Dobbyn, and Dr. Mackay. Tho report, ira , addition, obsorvos that. if. it .was necessary, to remove . tho board in ordor to laka a cast, tho operation ehould hnvo been pcrformod by a harbor, and conducted in , somo sooludod placo whore publie deconoy would not .Í have been outraged -Albury Banner. , ( . ? A YOUNO FBWAXB Uonsis-STKAi.r:n.-At tho Polios- . office,Braidwood, on Thursday, August 2-i-th,Elizabet!* . , Hardy was charged will» stealing a horse, tho pioportyv, / of John Monzios,' of Bitudondoro, and brought up on. ,, remand. . Senior sergeant Smith, on tho pnvt of tho ; . prosecution, said tho Drown had no further evidenoo to ' r ofTor. Tho prisoner hoing duly cautioned made a , statement to tho effect that when she, took tho mare sh,e>,. did not intend toetcal.it. Sho was tired, nnd got oa her and rode hor, past Bungendore Sho mot two or . throe , meu on tho road, lo whom she snoko ' Sha also , mot a man ia a cart, who asked lier where she got tho , maro from, and .sho told him it wos given her by her'-, grandfather. Sho rodo on a few miles further till abo ' , enroo to a house ¡ about half a milo from it sho let tho . maro go. It . had been used to being , fed. » and. it followed her. Sho then got. on it , again and came to a Uro whoro a man and-woman were -. camped. Sho staved with them all night. Sho told .', tho man sho had tho maro with her that she hod picked .. up, and ho told her to lot it loot o and it would find it» .,' way to its run. Sho did so, and it slopped' and fed,, , with tho man's horses nil night., In tho morling it . followed hor again, when sho got on it nnd rodo it home -. Sho told her father.sho had got it from her grand-. . fathor, as f-ho did not >vish him lo. know anything 'j nbout it. Having signed tho stn tomen t,' sho was.com-. j milted to toko hor trial on tho 30th October next, Ute" bench , intimating that bail would bo taken, herself in i ii-10,-and two surctios of r¡£20 each.-Respecting- tho ,i nlioro singular caso tho Braidwood Nows anys:-Tho ;,T circumstances attending thu committal for trial of -the- » girl Eliznboth Hardy, for horso-Btenluig, forma curious:'< phaoo of . colonial life. . Hero.,is a. girl; but thirteen. , years ot ago, rambling about tho .country in, all diree- ' tiona, and when tired, according to hor own etatcmcnt..;. coolly taking possession of a hatee, aud riding it nbout. . tho country without raddle- or bridle for miles. Tke>r« story would soom iucrctliblo lo English car«, but we'!; fear it has sadly top often a parallel in this country...' Tho parents of thin child, for wo can call her nothing':'; oise, havo a great deal ta nnswor for as regards neglect. in her nurture. - The .benoit, actuated by the host of motivos, offered to toko bail for her appearance nt the . sessions, which toko place on tho 30th October noxt,/, but there was no ono present but a younger brother, OJO, ? tho girl's behalf/' .\\. I. ' MTSTEMOUS DisArrnAnAKc».-On Friday, last (yes-, terdny) a man's clothes wera found ontho rocks afr the ? Blowhole Point, Kinma, and in tho pocket n momo-..'. rnndum, tolling parlies lp scorch and they would, lind'; tho body of llichard Fadden. ? Tho polite Jtnve brea, engairod with sovoral ncoplo lookintr, but no trnco bas '. yet boen found. It ts nltouotlipr a strange affair, nsv' thoro seems to-ho no cause for tho man's solf-dootrúo/*' tlon. He is a married man with a family aiid baal'," been ongacod about tho town for somo tim (two years?. or so>, ond well known to nearly every ono in town,-- - Illawarra Mcroury. 