^ THEATRICAL: t .. '\\..TJkeNiariti-Qpbirttkh.! iatafgtS// y l)KAn^Bl!r^tiU16liiebd8rl)b/'Haid.'a-o'ut. tUo thoiitrcS.'thiB -wcok. At tho Boynlj^t^e, 'old atobk company, with Mr. Grevillc,:wiec. iMr. . Andrews, htivo. been 'jilayhig tho' --ld' stock_piecos ; ;and at tho Haymayket Miv OiNoil-has bebh. succossfully repeating soino' -of tho chUrabtors in which he bocamo sogtenE' a foA'ouritti during liis iirat engagenienly.'and whiBtling^ ;'li'mmgau'S ' Wako,1!' withN~th(^ it£raos1b,gU3to;/'fr6m morning till nightJ'-uVair Iiarts'6f.tho.town''aiida,uburb9.' \ \\- \ ' ^ As I' havo reason to, beliovo nii occasional oxenraio:; incb tile field* of dramatic litbVaturo on tho part of Uncle Oliver will not bo dis tasteful to many of those who.dp.him..tho honour to read liis lotters in your paper, I iproposo to say a few iwords just now on tup ^subject of thol controversies- which have arisen.in past times, and havo not yet died out; between tbo occupants of tlio pulpit and tho stage -.? I happen to possess most of the books which, havo been . publishod on this subject, ana somo of ,tlicm are extremely curiouston ' account of , tlio bitternoss of spirit with which thoy are written. Onb rovorond gqritloman, who describes himselE as chaplain to tho then Dnko of Bedford, cn titlos his;work ,ViA Serious Remonstrance in behalf of tho Christian Kpligion against tho Horrid. Blasphemies and Impieties which are still used iu tho English Playhouses- to the (rroat dishonour of Alniiirhfcv GnH. and ui contempt of tho Statutes of this Ilealm.' Ho cites upwards of fourteen hundred texts of Scripture, wliioh ho affirms are either ridi culed or oxposod by tlio stage, or are opposed to its practices. In order to. maintain his proposition ho seems to havo been at tho pains to road evory play which hod been produced in England for a hundred years proviouB to tho publication of his book (1719), and ho quotes 7000 passages, which ho designates as either blasphemous or infamous. Ho charges dramatic authors and actors with dovil worahip, with promoting atheism and pro fanity, and, generally, with decrying virtue and encournginc; yico. But his laborious col lection ana conation ot prunenc passages are calculated, I think, to do. far more injury to tho cause of virtuo than tho perusal ? or performance of tho plays from which they havo been industriously dotached. Ho is vory severe upon Shakspero for introducing witohos in tho tragedy of 'Macbeth,' which tho reverend gontloman looks upon ns cx treraoly wicked ; and ho winds up a condem nation of 'Tlio Wonder,' by observing that ' tho morality taught in the, playhouses is in somo respects the samo with that which ttlH |U.*yUlOUlA AU UUUU1I1 OUU VJTUiUUKUU beforo thoy wero destroyed with flro and brimstone' He enumerates all tho epithets which dramatic writers havo bestowed on Cupid, and reprobates them as being in doro gation of tho attributes .of tho Almighty; and ho.complains of tho secular uso of such words as. 'infidel,' ' persecution, ' 'sacri- fice,' 'worship,' otc, etc. Finally, ono short extract will suffico to show tho hyper-' critioal stylo of tho reverend author'B *'Rs monstranco' : — 'Whon tho prodigal son returned, ho said, 'Father, I have Binned against heavon and beforo thee.' An actress (in the ' Comical Kovengo') aaith thus to her lover : — 'Hero, on my knees, I'vo Blnn'cl, I must confess, Against, your love anil my own Impplncas.' Tho ingenuity which could convert tho latter passago into a parody on the former, is as porvorso as tho meaning which the reverend assailant of tho stago assigns to numbers of oxtractB from plays of tho most innocent and unambiguous character. [ A few years before .tho publication of tho book just quoted from a plentiful crop of works had snruntr un in condemnation nf f.lm stage In the last two years of tho soven teonth century, there had appeared 'Tho Stago Condemned,' Jeremy Collier's 'Short View of tbo Immorality and Profanity of tho English Stago,' his. 'First and Second Dofonco' of tho same, 'Tho Ancient and Modern Stages Survoyed' (a reply to tho forogoiug), ' Maxims nnd Reflections] upon Plays' (from the French), Dennis's. 'Useful- ness of tho Stago,' and ' Tho Stage Ac quitted iu a Dialoguo botween Fairly nnd Lovetruth,' togethor Avith Congrove's 'Amendments to tho Short Viow.' Tho condition of tho English stage, after tho Restoration, wasundoubtcdly suohas justly to exposo it to animadversion; but its censors fell into tho common error of identifying an in stitution with its abuses, and of aiming to destroy tho thoatro instead of purifying its literature, and pressing tho drama into the servico of morality. When wo find the author of ' Tho Stago Condemned' extolling tho Emporor Justinian's decree, ' that a man might lawfully put away his wife, if she resorted to circuses, play-houses, or stagb plays, without his privity or consent,' we may readily infer tho. temper in which tho controversialists opposed to tho theatre approached tho discussion of the quea tion. In tho. particular work rcforrod to, howover, there is, apart from| tho controvci'sy, an unmonso amount - of valuable information with regard to tho history of tho stage, and allusions to little known books on tho subject. Thus, the au thor tells us of a treatiso against tho thoatre, writton by Bradwardin, Archbishop of Can terbury, in 1345 j of anothor written by WickhfT, in 1380; of a 'Blast of Retreat, from Plays and Theatres,' printod in 1580 ; of a 'Treatiso against Vain Plays nnd Inter ludes,' published in 1579 ; and of a book be longing to tho, samo period entitled, 'Tho Churon of Evil Men nnd ,Womon, whereof Lucifer is tho Head, and Players nnd Play haunters tho Members.' .Ho gives two ex tracts from tho ' Blast of Retreat,' from one of which I select tho following passage: — j ' The play-house is tho school of Satan, tho chapel of ill council, where he that is vir tuously disposed shall see so much of iniquity and looseness, so great outrage and scope of sin, that it is a wonder if he return not either wounded in conscience or changed in life. I would wish, therefore, all masters to with- draw thomselves' and their. servants' from such assemblies. Youth, needs not seek after schoolmasters: they can learn evil too fast of themselves. Many young men of honest natures and tractable dispositions have been changed by those shows and spectacles and be come monsters.': The author of this furious 'Blast' seems to have been, like Gossan, a penitent playwright, and to have endea voured to prove the sincerity of his penitence by tho warmth of tho abuse which he bestows on his old associates, and accordingly he stig matises tho actors as 'the schoolmasters of sin in tho school of abuse.' In tho ' Stage Condemned,'.' a chapter is devoted to the ' Seditions and Tumults, occasioned by tho Stage,' and after St. Chrysostom, Tertullian, Cyprian, and other Fathers of tho Church have been appealed to as having declaimed against tragedies and comedies as 'bloody,, impious, and prodigal pastimes, whioh occa sion tumults and seditions ;' a Roman author is called into court to prove that, under Bali sarius, there were at least 35,000 men slain in a commotion and tumult raised at a circus play ; while Holinshead is quoted in attesta tion of tho fact that Kett's rebellion, in the reigu of Edward tho Sixth, was concerted at and partly occasioned by a concourse of people at a stage play at Wymondham, in Norfolk. Tho author of ' Tho Stage Acquitted,' pub lished in, reply, to 'Tho Stage Condemned,' is by no means a match for, his antagonist, and can only oppose a dextorously-employed musket against a piece of heavy ordnance ; but he relates three anecdotes, two of which are worth' quoting, because they illustrate a passage in 'Hamlet' — 'I have heard that guilty creatures, sitting at a play, oto.' Tho anocdotes are these:— 'At Lynn, in Nor folk, the company of strollers under ,tho patent of tho Earl of Sussex, acting ; tho story of Friar Francis, in which tho ghost of her husband haunted perpetually a woman who had murdered him, at tho sight of which. a woman of that town, of good reputation, being at tho play, cried out,, 'My husband I see tho ghost of my husband - menacing and threatening me.' This outcry caused a nenrer examination, and tho woman boththprb aiid before tho justice and judgq owned .herself guilty of jwisouing her husband to gain a young man she loved, and that her husband's ghost ? threatened hor in that whioh wns -l'om'csented.on tho stage.' .... 'At ^Atastordnni, at tho acting of tho last part of tho-'ToHr Sons of Aymon,' toward tho lost 'Set qf- tho*history, whore, oil tho labourers Wmleridg'Tjomteftt f RinalTIo,'] b^fdnylng M -nailth^HglTliis to'ih'plo,1^ gi-iivo,Hinatrftn-liko _\vomaii4hrieked| o]xt,-'A-, my hjitbaild I O, jny huabandJ' aim so nVa distraited monnor wns~cpna\iottid llome, SVfiorcl languishing') in\ l)roughli-ft skull .lio hridjdngsnpSwi.tto'i Rail? drivon into''tluTbrain-pftn ; but this report comingto tho womanjs knQW^(;dgo,jjl;o.ownccL heraolf guilty of tmurdeiiingf u-$ husband twelve years Jjefor61by;uriviujBj.(ilnajl into his hoad iu the samo manner 'ns'Viis 'represented in tho piny, and wns by hor own confession .condomniyi'and executed.' -Thoab'atbrieTard also. to bo found in Hoywood's ' Apology for Actors,' and as ,ho wna i contompornry with Shnksponre, tho presumption is that ho wns equally woll ncqunintodwith them,' and that they wore prosont to his inindwhon lib put tho words quoted above into the mouth of xinuuut. — xuuia, ui/u., i'ii ? ? . ! ' ???? '. ' OLIVER; SURFACE.', ;. ,'.'.'.'. i\ ''?'?'. ..'Provlucial. ?!?;'??:;.;.'.'': j BAiLAAnAT.— -Ihis week '.'cohoIuddB; tho fifth of Lady Don's, ongngoinent, 'and; noxt M-cok is announced as tho last. ? -On Saturday' 'Rob Roy' ' was' prbduoed ; , on -Mohdnv, , ' Colleen ]5nwn ;' Tuesday, .' Flowera of tlio Forest ;' Wednesday, n miscellaneous bill of fnre, undor tho patronago of His ? Honour JudgoRogors nnd geritlemen of iiholiar] — tbo fino ourlesquo of 'Perseus and Andromedn' oacli ovoning concluding thb -performance. Tho interval botweon tho jnocos has bebn well i fillodby Signor Abeeco, who, both., vocally: and instrumontally, has ? proved1 ft' great acquisition to this already very .'ox'collent company. Smith, Brown, and . . Collina' Christy s Minstrols ? comnioncod at j , tho Mechanics' Instituto on Monday, and, drew n good house They repeated their perfprm nnco on Tuesday, Wednesday, , nnd Thurs day, nnd last night and to- night thoy perform at Creswick. ; ' ' Bendiqo.1— On Saturday last Mr. Far- ? quharson, flladamo Carnnumi, and Mr. W; Shorwin completed thoir cngngomont ' nt the Lyceum Thentre, wliich lias .' bobn closed during the prosont week, but it is said will re open on Monday noxt with Mr. O'Ncil, tlio Irish comedian, Mr. Jns. Simmonds, and a dramatic company. ??.'.', Ecuuca. — ilndnmo Carandini, assisted by Messrs. Farquharsori and Sherwin, appeared1 at St. George's Hall on Monday and Tuesday evenings. Considering tho shortness of tho notice, and tho fact that amusements havo of lato been somowhat plontiful in . Echuca, thoy had vory fair houses. ? ;-'! j ojf i \- .' : ? Colonial. ? ' ', ! ,. AnELArDE. ,r- Lystorls Opbra , Company opened nt tho Victoria Theatre,, on^Mpnday last. : His ? Excollonoy tho Governor and suite, .. and a largo audioncp, wcro present. Burton's circus, with tho' Lenton troupe, are also performing atAdolaido,; theSimonsons, with Miss Warden and Miss Liddlo, are also there. Tho Leotards hro doing tho provinces.1' Auckland.— Tho Christy Minstrels are performing a moBt successful engngomont nt Auckland; tho Dramatic Company liaving closed their Reason on the 8th ins t, when tho Leopolds had their benciit. Biu3ba.ni*.. — Mason's Theatre ro-oponed on tho 18th, ?with tho Hpwsons and Mr. G. H. Rogers, thb programnio being .thb opera ' ICato Kearney,' nndtho burlesque ' Alla din, or tho Wonderful Scamp.'' - Tho attend anoo was' vory good; considering tho incle mency of tho weather. ^ ? : '! CnmsTOuuncrt— TnojSfaHtMiYZoftkollth Soptcmber wroto:— 'Wo havo hoard it stated, but do not vouch for tho fact that a smnll company — partly ' professional, nnd pnrtly amateur — intend to open the theatre for two or three nights per wbclr- As wo havo said, this may or may not bo [true. Should it bo so, wo havo no' doubt 'many pooplo would be glad to givo their support. Tho want of somo amusement of tho .sort is vory much felt.' ,,...?? . ' , ; '':;'' ? Dunedin. — ^Tho following is abridged from tho Times ot tho 16th: — 'It must; have been gratifying to tho author of 'Faust,!1 that notwithstanding tho oxcessivoly wotond, uncomfortable 'wdatUef, the Princess Theatre was so well filled, last evening. 'The boxes presented a brilliant and animated' appear-: nuco, boing graced with n goodly . ? number of ladies. As it is, tho result of tho well- de served complimentary benofit to Mr. Farjcon will be no mean contribution on his part, to tho funds of the Bonovolent Institution. Tho first piecq was 'Evcrbody's Friend,' in which Miss Julia - Mathows, ? Miss Dolly Green, Miss Marian Dunn, Mr. John Dunn, and Air. Hall appeared. Tlie burlesque wns played .with perfect bucccss. i Miss Julia Mathows was an inimitable -Faust, and was of courso encored as usual in tho oxquisitoly absurd ballad of 'Pretty Patty.'' . :'' '??.?: | .?,-. ?.Hodabt Town.— -Tho Mercury writes :— 'During tho month tho amusements havo been limited. ,, Birch's Holiday Trip was tho., scono of attraction at tho Mechanics'^ fol lowed by Conrad's Campra-Oscura, tho paint ing of. which is well done, and is much ad mired. ' Tho , proprietor has followed tho ox amplo of Mr. Birch, in distributing Bouyonirs nt tho oloso of his cntortoinmont, which,. is frenerallv tho sourco of much morrimnnt.' S vpne v. —Wo abridge from last Saturday's Herald:— 'On Monday ovening last, 'Tho Adventaresof'a Lovo Lottor,' written 'by Mr. Charlos Matthows, was. produced at tho Prince of Wnles. Tho piece was voryl well cast;' Mr. Bartlott rc-'appearing for tho| first timo this season as Major Blunt, and ho was. warmly received by tho audionco. ? ? Mr. IBur ford sustained tho character, of, Mr.' [Pen coolen, Mr. J. H. Vinson that; of Wngstaff; tho two characters of Brown' and Arthur Clinton .'were Buppbrted'* respectivbl^ by Messrs. Wchih and Aliran ; and Catherine Bright, tho horoino of . tho .piece, waatpor forme'd by Mrs. Charles Poola Miss Kato Wardtv Mrs. Crosby, and Miss Corcoran jwero also inoludod in too cast.' 'Byroa's capital, burlesque,' ' TUo Brido of Abydos,' followed,' which was put on tho stage with duo rogan to scenic effect and costume. ' Tlio principal characters in tho burlesquo woro supported, by Messrs.' Vinsonj Andrews, Welsh, Miron, Daniels, and Tomlinson, . Zulieka, tho Pearl of Abydoa, was sustalnod by Mias Corcoran, : who not only porformed1 well, but sang,|iha. vory oharnung manner,' two operatic ballads familiar to the patrons of tho thoatro. Miss Kato Wardo's Sclimwas also nn effective performance. Thb burlesquo was altogether Of suooess, and has been rajiontod ovary. ovou-( ing during tho woek. At tho Victoria on Monday lost, : Shnkespearo'a ' tragbdy, ?Richard III,' was producoa, withllr. Carter' osthoDukoof Gloater, Mr.,Byera as Rioh mond, and Miss Hudson as Elizabetli. Be tween tho pieces Mr. 'Alfred Mporo sang! two ballads ; and tho ' Eton Boy ' conoludod tho entertainments. . This, ovening Miss Clove: land and Mr.rCharles Vincont will commonco a series of' six farewoll performances,! tho drama of tlio .'Sea of Ico' being Bolooted for thoflrat.'.' i ' .'? '?' ? *'?'?'? ' ' Miaoollanopus. . ... -c Mi33 GrAob EoEBTON'mndo hor reappear anoo in Sydnoy on Wondny lost '. *' i. ; ' Tub 'Hiddkn Han»,'at the1 Piiinob of Wales, Stokev.— Mr,: Charlos Vincont writos to say, in refcrenco to tho production of tho,'Hiddon Hand.'Mn Sydney, that 'jtho scenery was prepared, tho stngo nrr.ingod, and tho play produced under his whole ,nnd solo direction.' ,, , ';..'.', ,. ,,.,!. 