NEWSPAPER CRITICISMS.' TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. Sir-Many years ago, if you remember, when the " gravy" was still such a source of domestic trouble to poor Mrs. Todgers, and when kind-hearted old Poll Sweedlepipe vainly tried to raise a beard on my youthful chin, I came to the conclusion that there " was the re- mains of a fine woman about Sairey"-of course the experience of later years showed me that she was only the instrument in the hands of the author to point out a crying evil, and his labors, supplemented by those of Miss Florence Night- ingale, have cleared our hospitals and sick rooms of these drunken old wretches;-then why, Sir, should we try to raise their ghosts, in the shape of such a feeble imitation of "Sairey Gamp," as was shown in Saturday's Guardian, under the title of "Old Women" to which should have been added, " by one of themselves." There is no fun in it, no flavor of the author's moral, only a reek of gin and beer. Surely the writer was sitting very near the " minting shelf." But the question is-what is the object of such a communication? I confess it puzzled me, nor was I less puzzled to hear that, after all, it was the private spite of one solitary person, and of no public importance whatever. Has the Press fallen so low as to be a vehicle no longer of information and instruction, but an instru- ment in the hands of any chance scribbler, to plagiarise the works of our best authors, and far, far worse, to aim in ambush at the charac- ters of others who may in private life have ex- cited his enmity? Apart from what I hear, there is a vendetta of Spain apparent in the extra " r" in the word forage; the-the-(shall I say brigand) evidently prefers in all things the Spanish mode to the English. Before I discard my mortal shape again, and return to groom down the ghostly form of " own Brother to Cauliflower,'' let me ask if the gentlemen of the Fourth Estate have no esprit de corps ! Neither the Courier nor the Leader, which is a very thorn in the Guardian's side, inveighs against the prostitution of the public Press to private spite and malice. -I remain, &c.;, BAILEY, JUNIOR. Brisbane, October 30. 