THE MERCURY. ii -t -i THURSDAY MORNING, OCT. 19, 1865. WE should be wanting in our duty to the citizens of Hobart Town were we not to congratulate them on the quiet and orderly manner in which the contested election which has now been brought to a close was conducted, and which has issued in the re- jection of Mr. ROBERTSON-, the ministerial candidate, and in the choice of Mr. CANSDELL, the railway candidate, in his place. In this the electors have not only done honor to themselves, but to the cause they have so earnestly espoused. They have shown that they can be in earnest without being violent, and that they are determined to put up with no more shares. They will have no more sham railway candidates, so long as they can find true men to replace them. Mr. ROBERTSON was one of that class, and we shall probably have others. But the electors of Hobart Town have given all others of that class unmistakable intimations of the way in which they will be received. They have not the ghost of a chance of success. This we say without the slightest reserva- tion of feeling. It is, in fact, no more than we desiderated in these columns now scarcely a month ago. We even went farther than this. Hardly had parliament been prorogued before we called upon the whole of the districts south of Campbell Town, Hobart Town included, not to return another candidate for legislative honors, unless he was first pledged to the adoption of a general railway policy. Of Hobart Town, we had less hope than we now have, but we would not have it confined to Hobart Town. We would have it extended to every district, south of the point indicated, and we would have it applied to candidates for both houses, and not for one only. This is not a matter that admits of any further trifling. We must show that we are in earnest on this point. For this, our reasons are as plentiful as blackberries. Great interests are at stake. The residents in the north have got all they want in the way of preparation for their railway. And if we allow them to shoot further a head of us than this, what will become of Hobart Town ? We hear it sometimes said that we cannot be worse off than we are now. But who would like to make trial of that, if he could possibly help it ? Our belief is, that we might be a great deal worse off than we are now, and that we shall inevitably be so before long, unless prompt and decided measures are taken to prevent it. What then are those stops ? Can any one suggest anything better than the adoption of a general railway policy ? Nothing better suggests itself to the citizens of Hobart Town, as is manifest by the result of the late election, and we hope to see this demand for a general railway policy run like wild-fire throughout the country. But whilst advocating this, let us not be misunderstood. Let us not by any absurd contortion of our words be charged, as Mr. CANSDELL has been unjustly charged, with promising the electors in the different districts full employment for the next two or three years for 1,500 men, if they only take up this cry. What Mr. CANSDELL, is reported to have said is this : " He alluded to the flow of population which would follow the railway, the impetus that would be given to trade, agriculture, and manufactures, and to sum it all up, asked if they knew what railways meant ? They meant this. Employ- ment in plenty at good full wages for at least 1,500 men for the next two or three years. (Loud cheers.) That was only one of the good things. They meant full shops, well-peopled streets, full till, and plenty of business. (Tremendous cheering.) They meant besides, a full harbor, and busy ship yards. They meant all that they as a nation wanted, and nothing that they did not want. (Tremendous cheering.)" That was the way in which Mr. CJVNSUEIJIJ was reported in this journal, and we endorse all he is here reported to have said. But are we on that account to(be hold to promise full employment for 1,500 men for the next two or three years ? Had not our reporter been driven to the adoption of unaccustomed brevity, he might have made this passage a little more lucid. But who does not see that employment for 1,500 men was to follow the starting of the railway, with the rest of all the good things which Mr. CANSDELL enumerated, and not to precede it And who in that view of the case would pretend to say that there was the slightest exaggeration in what that gentleman has said So far from exaggeration, we should have thought him fully justified, if he had given full scope to his powers of amplification. Wewouldnothavo had him confine himself to Hobart Town so much as he did, but would have had him running up and down the proposed main line of railway on either side, and giving us an account of what was likely to take place there. Only let the main line he once started, and what will be its effect P Where solitude now reigns, we shall have the busy hum of industry. Unable to find a market any longer for our timber in other countries in sufllcientquantitios,wo shall have plenty of demand for it there. Where nothing is now to be seen in the interior but the solitary shepherd tending a sotftll flock of sheep, we shall, when the railway is set on foot. see smiling cornfields starting up in every direction, and the whole course of the line dotted over with happy homesteads. What did Mr. Fox, former Chief Secretary for New Zealand, say of Tasmania when lately on a visit to it His statement was that he had travelled over the whole of these colonies, and had found none of them like Tasmania so remarkably deficient of homesteads along the main lines of road. And what is to cure this "What so likely to cure it as the trans- formation of the main line of road into a railway ? We see what Mr. Askin MonnraoN's Traction Engine has done, and what would not a railway do ? It would not only benefit Hobart Town, but the whole of the districts along the line. It would add largely to the value of property on the line itself, and would lead to cultivation farther in the back country. It would, in fact, be impossible to enumerate in any brief space all the advantages confidently to be expected from an undertaking at once so desirable, and of such vast importance to the country. Incidentally, we hear that ministers are getting alarmed at this demand for the adoption of a general railway policy, and are putting into circulation a report to this effect. They say, we understand, that this railway cry has so influenced the price of debentures that 99 is now the highest price at auction. This is marvellous, or, at all events, is intended to be so, and will, no doubt, pass current with those who know no better. So much for this, the lost ministerial canard. It is too preposterous for credence. It is to themselves they owe it, and not to the railway cry, nor yet to Mr. CANSDEll/ return for Hobart Town, that they cannot keep their debentures up to per, if that be the case. Let them go and put the finances of the country in a proper position, and they will no longer have cause to complain of the price of their debentures. What did their last customs revenue returns say ? Did they not show us that ministers are still a grossly deceiving themselves and the public with their financial calculations ? We regret to have to go into these matters now. But if they will mix up their financial moves with their and railway electioneering projects, they must take the consequences. We are willing to go to the country at every election on the railway question alone. But is the anti-railway policy of ministers the only objection we have to them and their candidates P Let them not be too rash in putting us to the trial on that point. 