PARLIAMENT. -«<_> LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL, , TUESDAY, JULY 25. The President took the chair at twenty minutes past four o'clock, and read the usual form of prayer. RESIGNATION OF A MEMBER. The PRESIDENT V read a letter from the Governor's private secretary, announcing that His Excellency had received the resignation of the Hon. Matthew Harvey as a member of the Legislative Council for the Eastern Province, and had issued a writ returnable on the 2nd of September, for the election of a member to supply the vacancy caused by such resignation. papers. Mr. COLE laid the following papers on the table s Documents relating to the defences of the colony, furnished in compliance with an address from the Council ; despatch from the Colonial Secretary, relative to the mail service ; general regulations of the Board of Education ; trade and customs returns for the year 1861. THE INDEPENDENCE OF THE JUDGES. The PRESIDENT read the following message from His Excellency the Governor, which was presented by Mr. Cole : " In reply to the address which the Governor has received from the members of the Legislative Council, praying that he will cause to be laid on the table of the House copies of all minutes or enclosures which accompanied the despatch of the Governor to the Secretary of State, respecting the mode of correspondence to be adopted by the judges of this colony, the answer to which despatch appears to have been laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly on the 18th inst., the Governor regrets to be obliged to inform the Council that he cannot, without violation of a recognized general rule, make public documents forming a portion of a communication to the Secretary of State, unless he is aware that publicity has already been given to such communication by the Secretary of State's authority." THE CUSTOMS ACT, NO. 207. Mr. COLE presented the following message from His Excellency the Governor : " In reply to the address which the Governor has received from the Legislative Council, praying that the Governor will cause to he laid upon the table of the House copies of all minutes or correspondence which may have passed between the Governor and the members of the Government upon the subject of the Customs Bill passed in April, 1864, < entitled ' An act to stay proceedings against persons concerned in levying certain duties of Customs,' the Governor begs to inform the Council that he is not aware of the existence of any such minutes or correspondence. The Governor takes the opportunity of observing that he conceives it to be inconsistent with the principles of responsible government that publicity should be given to the communications, whether oral or written, which pass between his confidential advisers and himself, except for the purpose of explaining the circumstances under which the resignation of or changes in the composition of the Cabinet may take place, or a new Cabinet may be appointed. Mr. HIGHETT asked if the Governor refused to produce the despatch, as well as the correspondence ? Mr. COLE said he was instructed to inform the House that the despatch would be laid on the table before the close of the session, but that the Government were not in a position to state on what day. ("Oh, oh.") Mr. FAWKNER..-That was stated a fortnight ago. Mr. COLE.-That is the answer I have to give. THE TARIFF PETITIONS, Mr. Fellows presented a petition praying the Council to reject the tariff, whether submitted as a separate bill or appended to another measure. The hon. member stated that the petition was signed by about 24,000 persons, including 741 bankers and merchants; 8,345 shopkeepers, clerks, and porters ; 3,277 artisans and mechanics ; 1,427 freeholders, householders, to. ; 864 farmers and market-gardeners; 4,153 miners; 184 manufacturers; the remainder being persons whose occupations were not stated. Petitions to the same effect were presented by Mr. Fraser, from the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce by Mr.Fitzgerald, from 765 clerks, salesmen, assistants, travellers, porters, and labourers of the city of Melbourne by Mr. Strachan, from five large importing firms in Melbourne ; by Mr. Sladen, from forty of the salesmen of Melbourne, and wholesale dealers in textile manufactures; and by Mr Highett, from forty- four of the inhabitants of Mansfield. Petitions in favour of the tariff were presented by Mr. Jenner, from. GOOf the inhabitants of East Melbourne. 1,800 of the inhabitants of West Melbourne, 160 of the inhabitants of Clunes, from a number of the inhabitants of Inverleigh, from a public meeting of the inhabitants of Mount Clear, and from the Richmond branch of the Protection League of Victoria. Petitions in favour of the tariff were also presented by Mr. Strachan, from a public meeting of the inhabitants of Geelong by Mr. Highett, from 150 of the inhabitants of Wangaratta, and from 106 of the inhabitants of South Gipps Land ; by Mr. M'Obae, from 2,500 of the inhabitants of North Melbourne, 3,000 of the inhabitants of Collingwood, and 800 of the inhabitants of Bruns- wick and the neighbourhood and by Mr. Letters, from the farmers and other inhabitants of Gisborne. The PRESIDENT ruled that the petition from South Gipps Land was contrary to the Standing Orders, as it contained an erasure The other petitions were received, and ordered to be laid on the table. THE LATE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. COLE moved that the Council adopt the following address : To Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen. " We, your Majesty's faithful subjects, the members of the Legislative Council of Victoria in Parliament assembled, crave leave to approach your Majesty with fresh assurances of our loyalty and affection. ' We desire to express our abhorrence of the foul crime by which the United States have been deprived of their late President, Abraham Lincoln, and our profound sympathy with the American Government and people in their national calamity. We desire also to record our unfeigned condolence with Mrs. Lincoln in her deep affliction and we humbly beg that your Majesty will be graciously pleased to communicate these our heartfelt sentiments to the Government at Washington. The motion was agreed to, and the address was adopted. MirnisoNMEN r for debt law amendment bill A message was received from the Legislative Assembly stating that they had agreed to some of the amendments made by the Legislative Council in this bill, and agreed to others with amendments, with which they desired the concurrence of the Council. The message was ordered to be taken into consideration on the following day. ELECTORAL LAW CONSOLIDATION AND AMENDMENT BILL. A message was brought up from the Legislative Assembly, enclosing a message from His Excellency the Governor, recommending certain amendmcntsinthiBbill, and announc- ing that the Assembly had agreed to the amendment, and desired the Council to con- cur with them. The message was ordered to be taken into consideration next day. ROYAL MINT ESTABLISHMENT BILL. 2 The PRESIDENT read a message from the Legislative Assembly, intimating that they had agreed to the amendments made by the Legislative Council in this bill, with amendments, with which they desired the Council to concur. The consideration of the message was made an order of the day for next day. THE APPROPRIATION-CCW-TARIFF BILL. On the order of the day for the second reading of this bill, ThePRESIDENTeaid,-Before this order of the day is called on, I feel it my duty to call attention to the 24th clause of the Constitu- tion Act, and also the resolutions passed by the Council on the 17th May last. The 11th clause of the Constitution Act is as follows: " The Legislative Council and the Legislative Assembly, in the first session of each respectively, and from time to time afterwards as there shall be occasion, shall prepare and adopt standing rules and orders. And until such standing rules and orders shall be adopted, resort shall be had to the rules, forms, and usages of the Imperial Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, which shall be followed so far as the same may be applicable to the proceedings of the said Council and Assembly respectively ; provided that no standing rule or order which shall affect the communication between the field Council and Assembly, or the proceedings of the said Council collectively, shall be of any force unless the same shall have been adopted by the said Council and Assembly. ' As there are no joint standing orders in this procedure, we fall back upon the standing order which enjoins obedience to the usages and rules of the Imperial Parliament. In the bill which forms the order of the day there are embraced three distinct subjects. First of all, there is the imposition of Customs' duties ; secondly, there is an alteration of the gold duty; and, lastly, there is the appropriation of the votes and supplies for 1895. It has been argued by some, that those various matters, being of a financial character, are kindred, and are not of the nature of a tack. But I think it is a matter of notoriety that these several matters were joined by the express order of the Legislative Assembly; and I think I may say that the objects for which they were joined were the same objects as tacks generally have, and that the effect will be the same as that of a tack. Terms, however, are unimportant. The real question is, whether this measure complies with the rules and forms and usages of the Imperial Parliament ? It will be in the recollection of hon. members that they appointed a select committee to examine the journals of the House of Commons, and to search for precedents in connexion with this subject. After very careful deliberation, the committee came to the conclusion that within the last 150 years no instance whatever had occurred of any foreign matter whatsoever being tacked to the annual appropriation bill. It appears to me that such a measure as the present is in violation of the rules and usages of the House of Commons, is in violation of the resolutions passed by this Council on the 17th of May, and is in violation, above all, of the 34th section of the Constitution Act. I feel bound to point this out, and I may add one other observation. If this practice of joining dis similar matters, especially in appropriation bills is permitted, the effect will be to abolish the right of veto possessed by? this House as to bills of supply- right which, as far as my reading goes, is conveyed in as express, definite, and unambiguous terms as are employed in conferring upon the Assembly the right of originating bills of a financial character. Having expressed my opinion, having called the attention of the House to the 34th clause of the Constitution Act, and to the resolutions passed on the 17th May, I leave the matter in the hands of the House. Mr. HIGHETT said that, as it appeared from the President's ruling that the bill was both unconstitutional, illegal, and contrary to the practice of Parliament, he would like to ask whether it was competent for the House to separate the measures, so as to pass the Appropriation Bill, and otherwise deal with the tariff? He desired that the country should know that every member of the Council was willing to pass, the Appropriation Bill. (Hear, hear.) They were willing also to deal with the tariff, when submitted in a proper form. It might not be passed, but it would receive every consideration. The PRESIDENT replied, I think not. If these measures were to be separated, it is possible that one part would be passed while the other would be rejected ; this would be tantamount to amending the bill, by leaving out certain of its clauses. It is not competent for the Council, however, to amend a money bill, and consequently they cannot separate this one. Mr. COLE then moved the second reading of the bill. He felt that he had a hard task before him, when he saw so formidable a phalanx arrayed against a measure which he, for one, had very much set his heart upon. It was well known that he had given the tariff question much consideration, and had been induced to republish the state minds of a German writer on political economy, who had shown the benefits people enjoyed where a proper tariff was in operation, and the misery occasioned where an improper tariff was in force. In 1801, also, he was induced to bring forward a motion for the revision of the tariff, on which occasion Mr. Hull delivered a speech, which he now begged to commend to that hon. gentleman's earnest, attention before he lent himself to throwing out the bill now before the House. It must not be overlooked that the wine and spirit duties, which had been levied without any idea of protection, had conferred great benefits, by encouraging the planting of vines and the making of wines. Again, there was the beer tax, which, though it amounted to twenty-five per cent, on the first cost of the article, was scarcely felt by the consumer, and yet it had established breweries and planted an industry. Tobacco was another article protected, and now great numbers of people were employed in its preparation. If anything occurred to prevent the new tariff becoming law, much mischief and a great deal of misery would be occasioned. It was, perhaps, use less for him to enter on the tariff question Mr. FAWKNER,-Hear, hear. Quite useless. Mr. COLE said he could go on until mid- night, if Ciceseary, so convinced was hoof the advantages which would result from the tariff. America had adopted the protective system, with the best results. Ruin stated the people in the face ; but under protection the value of real property, which had been declining, rose In four years from thirty-one millions to ninety-seven millions of dollars. He did not hesitate to call the tariff a protective one, and he would have liked very much to have seen it put fairly before the House, that hon. mern be might have had an opportunityof revert- ing to a proper feeling. However, hon. mern betB had prevented this. It was a notorious fact that it was believed out of doors that the Council was determined to throw the tariff out, though, for his part, he could not believe that the members of any deliberative body had committed themselves by giving pledges on a question before it was submitted to them. He believed the rumour was a libel on hon. members that they did not propose to deal with the tariff in this summary way. He desired to read to the House a portion of an address delivered in Congress by Mr. Clayton the very Bul ject before them, Mr. Clay said "We have had great difficulties to encounter. First, the splendid talents which are analyzed in this House against us ; second, we are opposed by the rich and powerful of the land ; third, the Executive Government, if any, affords but a cold and equivocal support fourth, the Importing and navigating interests verily believe from misconception are adverse to us; fifth, the British factors and British influence are inimical to our success ; sixth, long-established habits and prejudices oppose us ; seventh, the reviewers and literary speculators, foreign and domestic and lastly, the leading presses of the country, including the influence of that which is established in this city, and sustained by the public purse. From some of these or other causes, the bill may be postponed, thwarted, defeated ; but the cause is the cause of the country, and it must and will prevail. It is founded in the interests and affections of the people. It is as native as the granite deeply embosomed in our mountains and in conclusion, I would pray God, in his infinite mercy, to avert from our country the evils which are impending over it, and, by en- lightening our councils, to conduct us into that path which leads to riches, to greatness, and to glory." In such terms as these he desired to address hon, members on the present occasion. The matter at issue was not to be trifled with. There must soon be a proper tariff adopted, and hon, members, if they rejected the two and a half percent, now proposed, might find twenty-five por cont. imposed. Employment must be found for the people, for the thousand boys at the industrial schools at Sunbury. hon. members would do well, therefore, to reflect on what they were about to do, to recollect the speech of Henry Clay, who, if he was not a friend to England, was a very great statesman for America. So much for the tariff. Next came the question as to its introduction into the Appropriation Bill. On this point he desired to remind hon. members how a penal clause was introduced into the Appropriation Bill of 1861 and how, though the provision was a disgrace to the statute book, no one but himself protested against its adoption. He desired also to show how, when he had raised a question as to the policy of money being spent by virtue of the resolutions of the Lower House, the legal members of the Council gave their opinion that the Council had nothing whatever to do with money bills. On the 10th of May, 1861, it would be found he moved the following resolution: "That it is unconstitutional to make payments from the public treasury, except in some manner specially provided for by an act of the Legislature. That the only proper mode of anticipating the sanction of the act known as the Appropriation Act, in making necessary payments from the Treasury, is by means of acts authorising the Treasury to pay out of the Consolidated Fund, and to issue and apply from time to time, all such sums of money as shall be raised by exchequer bills to such services as shall have been then voted by the Legislative Assembly in the current session of Parliament." Mr. Fellows, however, opposed this resolution, and was reported in Hansard as follows: Mr. Fellowes thought the first resolution might be passed sub silentio, but as to the second, without discussing the impropriety of introducing a system of exchequer bills without any reason being assigned, he would observe that no argument whatever had been put forward in its support. In fact, the speech contradicted the resolution. (A laugh.) The argument of the hon. member (Mr. Cole) was neither more nor less than an argument against one of the clauses of the Constitution Act, which precludes the Upper House from interfering with money bills. But the resolution went the other way ; it merely asked that the Legislative Council should be placed, with regard to the expenditure of the country, in a similar position to the House of Lords. But were they in that position, all the privilege they would have would be the power of assent to that which was but a mere form of authorizing and sanctioning that which the other House might choose to sanction." Another lawyer then in the House (Mr. Bennett) corroborated Mr. Fellows, and he (Mr. Cole) was convinced that he had been wrong in his notions. However, his motion afforded an excellent opportunity for the Council to consider calmly what its rights were with regard to money bills, but though a select committee was appointed, hon. members declined to attend, and the thing fell through. He would still be happy to join in a committee to investigate the subject, but he did object to the raising of the question merely to defeat on important measure. Mr. JENNER seconded the motion. He did so as a part of his duty as a member returned on protectionist principles principle which during the time he had occupied a seat he had devoted a portion of his time to advance, conscientiously believing them to be conducive to the prosperity of the colony. What he contended for was the removal of the duties from the four articles they were now levied on, and which was could not produce, with a view of placing them on other articles, the raw material of which we possessed, and which we could manufacture in the colony. Surely, hon. members would see that there was no difficulty in that. The cost of living would not be one penny more, no one would be injured and on the other hand, a great many would be benefited. He advocated also the abolition of the present wharfage rates, (or he wished to see the port as free as possible, and to see all duties which were necessary levied on the manufactured article. The money collected in this manner should be expended on immigration, for the more our population increased the greater our requirements would be and the greater our prosperity. Had a protective system existed, with a liberal land law and a good immigration scheme ten years ago, our population would have been double what it is now, and at least five millions more money would have been in circulation. Ifthecolony was to compete without protection with the countries of the old world, wages must come down to the same level, and as men only left their native lands to benefit themselves, they would certainly never come to a place which offered such little inducements. England had had protection for hundreds of years, and had accumulated under it all the material for a great manufacturing nation, so that now she could compete with the world. This was why the London Times and the other papers argued that a protective tariff was hostile to England, though, as he quoted from the paper to show, The Times failed to understand all the bearings of the question. The American Congress in 1824, finding that the policy then existing was driving the country to ruin, placed heavy protective duties on their imports, and the consequence was that property in New York increased seventy-five per cent. in value in eight years. In 1836, the general Government of the States discontinued direct taxation, and since then America had become a great and powerful nation. The Cape of Good Hope and Canada, and other British possessions, were now. arousing from their ignorance and sloth, and turning their attention to the development of their resources. It was said that the financial disasters of New South Wales were due to protection, but this he denied. New South Wales had not had so much of protection as Victoria had, though to a protective tariff she must ultimately come, c John Stuart Mill admitted that protection was defensible in new eouutiits, and hon. members who were opposed to this view should show that the employment of labour and capital was likely to injure the colony-that our present manufactures were detrimental to its interests, He had frequently put two questions, which be challenged hon. members now to reply to. The one was, why, when there was a revenue to be raised, should not duties be imposed so as to give encouragement to local industry and the second was, what was to become of the rising generation? Political economists laid down fundamental principles as to the mode in which revenue was to be collected; but he had never heard any member of the Council broach an idea on this point. He denied that protection was incompatible with revenue and in- stanced how, while wine, beer, and tobacco were still imported, the protective duties levied had led to the employment of a large amount of capital and of great numbers of people. The Sugar Company had invested £200,000 ; it paid wages to 150 persons and it had erected a handsome building, which was a credit to the port ; but, according to free traders, it ought not to enjoy the advantage under the duties it did, but ought, in fact, to be closed. The time was now come for the country to decide whether it would adopt protection and prosperity, or whether the community should dwindle down to a few importers and consumers. There could be no doubt but that the protectionists were the friends of the country. (Mr. Fawkner.-' ' No ; its foes.") He alluded particularly to the decrease of bullion in the banks. In 1854 the bullion in the banks averaged £10 per bend for the entire population, while now it did not average more than £4 per head, and he doubted whether the banks would be able to keep what they still had. (Mr. Miller.-"No fear. Laughter.) He had no fault to find with the banks. On the contrary, he believed they were the best managed institutions in the country, and ought to be protected. It had been said that the National Debt was the mainstay of England ; but supposing that debt were due to France, England would soon find the difference and if all the money which the colony owed was paid to persons in the colony, the burden would not be felt. The time, however, was approaching when the colony would have to pay foreign creditors. He found from recent inquiries that the average taxa- tion in the United Kingdom was £7 per head, in the United States £2 03., and in Victoria £20. This showed that something was wanting, and nothing but producing articles of consumption in the colony without having to depend upon other countries would set matters right. He considered that the Ministry deserved great credit for the course they had taken, and they had shown that they were in earnest in the matter. They had risen greatly in the estimation of the country ("No" and it was their duty now to carry the wishes of the people, He maintained that nine out of every ten persons in this country would support the Ministry in the course they had taken if the country were appealed to, (Cries of "No.") The members of the Legislative Assembly by a majority of two to one had voted for the bill as it now stood, and was that no expression of public opinion ? (An hon. mem- ber.--,-No.") He maintained that it was. He might also state that if this tariff were rejected, audit there should be anything like an appeal to the country, forty members of Parliament and 200 other gentlemen had made up their minds to form a league, in order to take care that the country was not ruled by a few selfish importers. (2 Ob.") If no remedy could be got by other means, the proposition which would be submitted at the next election would be. to give the Governor power to dissolve the Upper House; and if that should take place, he ventured to say that many of the present members would be in a different position to what they expected. For some reason or other, there had been a cold ness on the part of this House with reference to the public interests and some hon. mo ra- bees seemed to think that their constituencies had no more intelligence than a flock of sheep, and that, therefore, they ought to receive no notice. To test the question, he was quite willing to place his resignation in the hands of the President to-morrow, on condition that three other members did the same say representatives of the North- western, South, and Central provinces. He would go to his constituents on the protection tariff, while the others could say what they liked in favour of free trade, and he had no doubt of what the result would be. Those who induced the Ministry to bring forward this tariff ought to vote for it, or they would not be action with consistency. Before the last general election he had waited upon the Chief Secretary, with a deputation of about a dozen gentlemen, amongst whom were Mr. Cole and Mr. Hull, and the latter then distinctly stated that he desired the introduction of a protective tariff. Mr. Jenner then quoted from reports of the election addresses of Mr Fitzgerald, Mr. Lowe, Mr. Miller, Mr. Murphy, and Mr. Fawkner, to show that the protectionist party could claim the votes of those gentlemen. He quite agreed with a remark made by the latter, that farmers ought to be protected, and he expected that they would be next year. (Cries of "Oh.") It might be urged that the necessaries of life ought not to be taxed, but he would point out that they were now collecting £300,000 a year on tea, sugar, coffee, and rice, being twenty per cent, on the value of the imports, which he maintained were just as much necessaries of life as farm produce. Now, if duties at the rate of fifteen percent, were collected on farm produce, only £100,000 would be collected from that source, while by the re- mission of the duties on tea, sugar, c, taxes to the amount of £800,000 would be removed. This would greatly benefit the consumers, and enable the farmers to be protected. He denied that protection would decrease either our import or our intercolonial trade. He maintained that protection would increase both and as to the intercolonial trade, about which so great a fuss had been made, the most that could be said in its favour was, that it was an outlet for goods which could not be disposed of in the colony, for it was well known that the heavy expenses connected with it had brought ruin to many who had engaged in it. He complained of the manner in which the free trade party had got up their petitions, alleging that they had first got them signed in the streets, and then forwarded them round the city and suburbs, obtaining by these means signatures several times over. He was at first disappointed with the tariff as laid before the country at the election, because it was proposed to tax a number of articles which were not produced in the colony, and which could not be produced for fifty years to come. He was also against collecting a duty of fifteen per cent, on the raw material for machinery, as originally proposed, but this item had now been left out altogether. It had been argued that protection would make things dearer, but he maintained that it would make them cheaper. (" Oh.") It was well known that the markets were regulated according to the SUPply and the demand; and if protection Were established, a much greater competition would take place between the colonial manufacturer and the importer and the former would gain the day. Protection would regulate the markets, and producers would not have to contend against the condition of things by which importers might one month sell goods at; a profit of fifty per cent, and be obliged during the next six months to sell them at thirty per cent, below cost price. As to the powers of the Council, he had always been in favour of the Upper House having the power of dealing with money bills, and he thought a measure should be introduced for this purpose. (Laughter.) If, too, the property qualifications for both members and electors were to be reduced one half, it would make this House far more popular with the country, and more in unison with the other branch of the Legislature. (2 No.") He maintained that the House ought not to reject the bill, and so bring about the embarrassment which would take place in consequence of the return of duties. Was the House to be a party to the swindle which would take place in the return of the duties to importers ? Was the House to bring about a commercial crisis ? (" Oh.") He hoped hon. members would pause before voting against this bill, because it was a most important matter, and one which should be considered well. The annual expenditure amounted to about £3,C0O,O00 and if there were an appeal to the country, or should the Ministry resign, a new tariff could not be introduced for four months. By this delay the circulation of a million of money would be stopped. (2 No.") one maintained that this result would follow and he would remind the House that it would also have the effect of ruining a large number of contractors and civil servants for the railways would be stopped (2 Oh," and laughter), and it would take years before the machinery of the Government could be brought again into its proper gear. (Mr. Fawkner.-" Whose fault is it?') If this House took the responsibility of reject- ing the tariff, they certainly ought to be prepared to form a Ministry. He did not wish to be personal, but he must confess that, on looking round, he could not see where the Ministry was to come from. If report were correct, Mr. Fellows was going to undertake the formation of a Government; but he questioned whether he or any other hon. member, would be able to do it. He, however, did not wish to be personal, and there was really no necessity for the exhibition of any feeling, or he should like to go in for it rather stiff. (Laughter.) It had been stated that if the tariff was passed, the country would be mined, but there was not the slightest foundation for any statement like this. The priscipalpersons to complain were the soft-goods men, and they had certainly something to complain of, because they experienced difficulty in passing their entries. But, in other respects, what had been the result ? It had been the means of employing 4,000 persons, who otherwise would not have been employed. (Cries of "No.") Surely this great Item should not be lost sight of and it was scarcely reasonable to expect that people should he running about the streets with nothing to do, merely in order that the importers might avoid a little inconvenience ? This House had no voice in raising revenue, and it was idle to take up a position which could not be maintained. The Appropriation Bill had always been sent up merely for form's sake, and had been passed without any discussion. If, therefore, hon. members did not like the tack, let them vote for the bill under protest ; but, at any rate, let them vote for it, so that the matter might be settled. (A laugh.) The hon. member quoted from May, to show that the House of Lords was never permitted to interfere with money bills, and contended that the same rule must be applied to this branch of the colonial Legislature. He hoped hon. members would go into the merits of the case, and not shelve such an important bill as this and he would suggest that before the question of the second reading was disposed or some hon. member should move that the members of the other House should be met in conference. Hon. members had been making a great deal to do because the tariff had not been sent up, and now that It was presented to them would they be doing right in shelving it? Surely not. He hoped that the House would consider the subject and pass the bill, for he believed that with a protective tariff, a proper land system, and immigration, the country would be rendered prosperous. The eyes of the country were on the House, and he would remind the members that the voice of the people was in favour of the tariff. Mr. HULL said the hon. member who had just resumed his seat reminded him of Moore's Almanac, which continually prognosticated all manner of evils. With respect to the statements he had made to the Chief Secretary, he admitted that he had advocated protection and encouragement to native industry, and he still maintained this position. The present tariff, however, did not give protection and the object of the House, moreover, was not to discuss the merits of the tariff, but the manner in which this mongrel bill which was of such an extraordinary character that it was impossible to say whether it was poodle, greyhound, or terrier-had been sent up. (Laughter.) The statement of the hon. gentleman who had i moved the second reading of the bill was a series of wretched inconsistencies, and he had contradicted himself at least ten times. If the tariff had been of a really protective character, he should in all probability have supported instead of opposed it. One of the things which he had urged on the Chief Secretary at the interview which had been referred to by the hon. member was the encouragement of immigration; but how did the. Government propose to forward this object? Why, by taking £80,000 from the fund and devoting it to other purposes. It had been urged against him that he now opposed the tariff after having advocated protection to farmers and to the manufacturers of salted provisions; but in what manner were these two classes protected ? What protection had been given to salted provisions, such as cheese and butter? Why, a tax of 20s, had been put upon the article which was chiefly used in their manufacture. Was that encouraging the preparation of salted provisions? A fine trade in salted meats was springing up between this colony and the Mauritius, but it had now been stopped by the duty of 20s, per ton on salt. With respect to the bill itself, he relied on clause 10 of the Governor's instructions, in which his Excellency was required to see that no matters should be included in one bill which might be dealt with in separate measures, and that no bills of a perpetual and temporary nature should be tacked together. Now, he would put it to the legal gentlemen of the House to say whether a perpetual and temporary measure had not been tacked together in this instance? The manner in which this mongrel bill had been brought before them, contrary as it was to the practice and usage of Parliament, called upon them to reject It, although perhaps at some sacrifice, in order to maintain the honour, safety, and happiness of the country. He should deeply regret if the rejection of any measure by the Council should throw the country into difficulties 5 and any method which could be devised for passing the Appropriation Bill without the tariff would meet with his hearty support. They had been told months ago that if the tariff were not passed, the civil servants would not be paid, but this was all bosh. He believed that there were members in this House who would lose hundreds of pounds by the rejection of the tariff, but in politics, principles must go before personal considerations, and the tariff could not be accepted. Mr. FELLOWS remarked that the bill came before the House under somewhat novel and peculiar circumstances. (Hear, hear.) It was no question of tariff, or of the export duty on gold, or of appropriation. It was simply a question of the three combined. In short, the question was whether the bill did not present before them a tack. It had been asserted, on the one hand, that the Assembly had the light to mix these three subjects together, but that in the exercise of this right it was restrained by Parliamentary usage and on the other hand, it had been stated that not only did this usage not prohibit the mixing of the three questions, but that it absolutely justified the course which had been taken. He did not wish to scan too narrowly the language of those who held these opinions, but he did not understand a light which could not be exercised because of the existence of a usage. It appeared to him that a usage was a right, and if the 34th section of the Constitution Act was referred to, it would be found that this Parliament was bound not by the practice of the House of Commons only, but by the practice of the Imperial Parliament. This clause provided that the rules, forms, and usages of tbelmperinl Parliament were to be followed " so far as the same may be applicable, until altered by some rule or standing order passed by the Council and the Assembly." Of course, as there was no such standing order, they had to fall back upon the question of what was the usage of the Imperial Parliament. It had been stated that the usage of the House of Commons was to mix measures in the same way that these measures had been mixed together, and the instance of the repeal of the paper duties had been cited over and over again. The question as to whether that measure was a tack had never been disputed by those whose privileges it was intended to assail, none of the Lords, with one exception, contending that it was a tack. The great majority of those present scouted the idea of the bill being a tack. Mr. JENNER.-And accepted it. Mr. FELLOWS.-Yes. j Mr. JENNER. And we ought to do the same. Mr. FELLOWS remarked that the measure was accepted by the Lords by cause it was not a tack, but as the present bill was a tack it ought to be rejected. Reference had frequently been made to the authority of the House of Commons in connexion with the House of Lords, and what inference was sought to be derived from the comparison? They were told that the House of Commons denied the right of the House of Lords to alter a money bill, and so far the parallel held good, because a similar provision was found in the Constitution Act; but the House of Commons also denied the right of the House of Lords to reject a money bill, and there the parallel failed, because there was no prescriptive right of this character belonging to the Legislative Assembly. When they looked to the Constitution Act they were told as plainly as possible that a money bill could not be altered, but might be rejected and when the House of Commons denied the right of the House of Lords to reject money bills, to say that the Legislative Assembly was in the same position to the Council as the House of Commons was to the Lords, was an apparent fallacy and absurdity. They had the express written law to say that the power of reject- ing money bills by the Council existed. But what was the usage of the Imperial Parliament at the time that the Constitution Act was passed ? That was the question ; because, if the Legislative Assembly could go back for two or three centuries to ascertain what the usage of the House of Commons then was, they could go back for the some period to ascertain what the privileges of the House were and then this result would follow that the House might find a man guilty of a breach of its privileges for fishing in a member's pond, or taking away a member's umbrella. (Laughter) Numerous other examples of breach of privilege equally absurd and ridiculous would be the result of going back for the last two centuries to determine the privileges of the house, if the usage of the House of Commons in 1865 at the time of the passing of the Constitution Act were not to bind the Legislative Assembly, then, upon the same principle, the privileges of the House of Commons at that time ought not to be regarded as deter- mining the privileges of the Assembly. The argument used in support of the claim to tack (together the measures which were comprised in the bill now before the House might with equal reason be brought forward to supPort a claim to imprison a man for taking away a member's umbrella. There was no instance of the usage of this Imperial Parliament at the time of the passing of the Constitution Act which would justify the argument that it was the usage of the House of Commons to tack such measures together. It did not require much argument to show that the usage of the Imperial Parliament at the time of the passing of the Constitution Act was the usage which must bind the colonial Parliament. As an illustration, he would suppose that a member asked him what was the usage of that House as to its hour for meeting for the transaction of business. The answer would be four o'clock "; but, according to the arguments in favour of the "tack" adopted by the Legislative Assembly, the answer should be "three o'clock," because some years ago the House met at that hour. He would give another illustration. Supposing that he were to ask the Attorney-General to take a walk with him down Collins-street, and to keep his eyes open during the time, and, on their return, to ask the hon. and learned gentleman if it were the"u3age"of the fair portion of creation to deck themselves in crinoline? If the Attorney-General said "No," everybody would know that Ma answer would be wrong ; yet it would be a perfectly correct answer, according to the Attorney-General's argument, for the simple reason that the ladies did not wear crinolines before they were invented. (Laughter.) That was the kind of argument brought forward in support of the tacking together of the Appropriation and other bills. instances in which the power to do so was asserted by the House of Commons in the 14th, 15th, and 10th centuries could be shown ; but the question was, was that power asserted in 1855? It was quite clear that it was not. The Speaker of the House of Commons, though he was not in the chair at the time, had upon one remarkable occasion expressed an opinion that it was contrary to the usage and practice of the House to tack another bill to an appropriation bill and there was an undoubted instance in 1867, to show that the claim of the Commons to tuck incongruous matters in a money bill was not tolerated. He referred to the Most Duties Bill, passed by the House of Commons in 1807. That bill provided for the levying of malt duties for the year, and it also provided that certain exchequer bills which had been illegally issued on account of the previous year's malt duties should be validated, and made chargeable against the malt duties of the current year. When the bill was sent up to the House of Lords, the Lords directed that their standing order, providing " that no clause shall be annexed to a money bill foreign to the matter of such bill, should he read and upon the reading of that standing order they rejected the bill. On the same day the House of Commons passed a new bill, omitting the objectionable clauses, thus clearly acquiescing in the opinion of the House of Lords, that the former bill was contrary to the usage of Parliament. That bill, however, was clearly a money bill in both its aspects. The provision for levying malt duties was a money bill, and the provision to validate illegal Exchequer-bills of the previous year and charge them against the malt duties of the current year was clearly a money bill and yet, because they were annexed in one bill, the House of Lords rejected the measure, and the Commons acquiesced in that decision. This was clearly a case showing that the course which the Legislative Assembly had adopted in the present bill was contrary to the usage of the Imperial Parliament at the time of the passing of the Constitution Act. He believed that a similar instance occurred in New South Wales. He was informed that some clauses were struck out of a bill by the Legislative Council in that colony, on the ground that they interfered with the privileges and rights of the House. The bill was accordingly dropped, and a new one was introduced by the Assembly, which omitted the objectionable clauses. The simple question now to he determined was, whether the tacking of another bill to an appropria- tion bill was (not, in point of fact, a usage or claim of the House of Commons, but a usage of the Imperial Parliament? He had given an instance in which a claim of the same kind made by the House of Commons was objected to by the House of Lords, and the objection was acquiesced in by the Commons. That case must satisfy any one who could be convinced by reason that the usage of the Imperial Parliament prohibited the mixing in one bill of two clauses which had no proper relation to each other. It was argued that the two portions of the bill before the House had a proper relation to each other, because one portion referred to the mode of spending the money which was to be raised by the other portion. If that argument were good, land bill or any other bill might be linked to an appropria- tion bill. There might be some force in the argument if any precedent could be shown for the tacking of a bill providing ways and means to an appropriation bill but, in point of fact, there was no instance in the records of the Imperial Parliament for more than one hundred years past in which the appropria- tion bill of the session had contained any other clauses than clauses of appropriation. This bill came before the House in a very questionable shape. There was a novelty in its preamble. It commenced by addressing Her Majesty purporting, he supposed, to follow the form adopted in Rostand and went on to say, "we. the members of the Legislative Assembly. Now, no English appropriation bill ever commenced with such words as " we, the members of the House of Commons." The phrase adopted always was, the Commons of the United Kingdom, in Parliament assembled." It was they-the Commons of the whole country - who granted the supply ; but the members of the Legislative Assembly did not grant supply any more than the members of the Council did. (Hear, hear.) He would repeat, that the Assembly were attempting in the bill now before the House to add matters together which had no proper relation to each other; and that the only powers which they possessed in the matter were given by the Constitution Act, which provided, as plainly as possible, that the usage, not of the House of Commons, but of the Imperial Parliament I was to be followed, and that the Council had the power to reject, but not to alter any money bill. The hon. member concluded by proposing the following amendment:- ' "That, as by the 34th section of the Constl stitution Act the rules, forms, and usages of the Imperial Parliament are required to be followed, so far as the same may he applicable to the proceedings of the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly respectively, until altered by some standing, rule or order to be adopted by both the said Council and As Feroblj', and as it is contrary to those rules, forms, and usages, which have not been so altered, that any clause of appropriation should be introduced into a bill of supply, and BB this bill of supply contains a clause appropriating the supplies granted during the present session of Parliament for the service of the year 1864 and 1866, and, moreover, regulates the disposal of minerals in the waste lands of the Crown, over which tula House claims to exercise equal power with the Legislative Assembly, and therefore encroaches upon the just privileges of this House, the subject matters of the said bill be not considered until they are dealt with in separate measures and that this bill be laid aside. Mr. FAWKNER, In seconding the amendment, said that the Council were not called upon on that occasion to deal with the tariff bill, but to defend the rights of the persons whom they represented. It had been said that the Council only represented 9,000 persons, while the Assembly represented 600,000 ; but such was not the case. There were not 600,000 electors for the Assembly, as that number included the wives and children of the electors. The members of the Council also represented the families of the 9,000 electors by whom they were returned and more over, they represented the education and intelligence of the country. The Government of the day had thought proper to say that they knew that the Council would reject the tariff bill and they had also had the audacity to declare that they would compel the Council to pass it by taking it to the Appropriation Bill. Although there was a law to prevent the adopting that course, they had violated the law. They had also had the impertinence to say that the Assembly did its duty to the country, and that the Council only occupied itself with matters affecting the private affairs of its members, and neglected the interests of the country. The members of the Council had at all times endeavoured to promote the welfare of the country at large, They were anxious that the Appropriation Act should be passed without delay, but they would not allow themselves to be deprived of their rights. A revolutionary Government, however, would deprive them of their rights, and deprive the people of their lights. The Government contended that the Assembly was the only body which had any right to have a voice in the imposition of taxes, or in the expenditure of the public money; but the Council had a right to see that the money was expended properly. If the Council gave up their right upon this occasion, there would be nothing to prevent the Assembly on any future occasion tacking to the Appropriation Bill a bill for paying members £300, £500, or £1,600 a year. If the Council were cowardly enough to succumb upon this occasion, the country would go to rain. Experience in other countries had shown that any attempt to limit legislative functions to one chamber would be injurious to the interests of the country. The tariff was not the question now before the House. He himself - was opposed to the tariff, but the House could give it a fair consideration when they were called upon to discuss it in a proper manner. The question for the House to decide now was, whether it would be compelled to give its assent to a bill without discussion. The hill proposed to repeal five Customs Acts in Mo, and after four, and the House was asked to make those alterations in the law under the veil of an Appropriation Bill. Would the House allow the revolutionary movement, commenced by the Government, to destroy the interests of the country, or would they unite together, and resist it. He hoped they would reject the bill, and leave the Government to act as they thought fit. Mr. COLE objected to the amendment. He referred the remarks made by Earl Grey, in the House of Lords, when the French Treaty was tacked to a Customs bill by the Commons, urging their lordships to give their assent to the bill, and follow their usual course of not interfering in such matters, except in extreme cases. Lord Grey appealed to the wisdom of the Lords, and he (Mr. Cole) would ask the Council to adopt the ideas of Earl Grey, as expressed upon that occasion. The French treaty was called a free-trade treaty, but, as one of the members for Coventry remarked, it could scarcely be called a free trade treaty when it allowed French silks to be imported into England free of duty, while English silks imported into France were subject to a duty of twenty or thirty per cent. He did not venture to put his opinion against Mr. Gladstone's, but still his impression was that Mr. Gladstone's policy was ruining England, No doubt it fostered the large interests, but what became of the poor people? Why, they were glad to get out of the country when- ever they could. Let hon. members read the account of the cotton Famine. Let them 'notice how the thousands of people by whose toil the large owners had been enriched, had to be fed by charity, and they would see the consequences of these new-fangled free trade notions. The PRESIDENT said he was unwilling to interrupt the hon. member; but the amendment did not raise the question of the tariff. Mr. COLE would give the House his speech another time. (" Hear, hear," and laughter.) He rose to call attention to the Appropria- tion Bill of 1861, the third clause of which was a lack of a disgraceful character regarding the compulsory calling together of Parliament by a certain period. His Excellency the Governor protested against the introduc- tion of the clause, but gave way in order to preserve the financial credit of the colony. He now asked hon. members to do the same, to exercise Lord Grey's " wise discretion," and not to interfere with financial measures?, which they really had no business with. Mr Fn ZGERALD had hoped, before rising, to have heard the clear opinion given by Mr. Fellows corroborated by Mr. Sladen, whose legal talent the House had had previous experience of. In the first instance, he would claim the indulgence of the House while he replied to the charge brought against him by the apostle of the doctrine which was supposed by some to be under discussion that evening, though It really was not. Mr. Jenner's observations were unhappy because, so far from his (Mr. Fitzgerald) having pro fcESed protection views, no one had suffered more from thei'Me^iflvcferaiHí/iíídeclamation of people who misled the country by false cries than he had himself, He had avowed himself to his constituents with manly courage as a free-trader by conviction, and his difficulties had not been with the electors of the North-Western Province, but with men who came to meetings for the purpose of hounding down candidates not partisans of a particular school. It was true that he said that he desired the burden of the present taxa- tion shifted, and the anomalies of the tariff corrected, but where was the inconsistency in that There was - none, and he must respectfully decline, therefore, the hon. mem ter's proffered embrace. He felt embarrassed in discussing the subject, because they were called upon not to discuss the tariff, but to decide whether' the Conn veil was to surrender its privileges, and consent to pass financial measures in solemn silence; whether hon. members would abandon the trust confided in them the light of rejection, the power of bringing a misguided Assembly back to its proper senses regaining which it would adopt a financial policy the Council could agree with, and be working in harmony with the Lower House would secure a practical voice in the legisla- tion of the colony. When considering whether the Council should yield its functions or not, it should be borne in mind that there were not the checks bore that existed in Eng- land-the checks given by the talent and responsibility of a Ministry and the elasticity of a constitution untrammelled by statutory limits. Here where the constitution was contained in the four corners of a statute, there was nothing to check the dangerous tendency Of precedents when these were once allowed to find a place in the journals of the House. Were they to give way in order to enable the Government to tide over a temporary difficulty ? He most unhesitatingly replied not. Let the Council show a pliancy in the one instance by yielding to a policy forced on the Government by a tyrannical majority, and one concession would be demanded after another, until at last members would be forced either to make a stand, or to surrender the country to be governed by one chamber of Legislature, of the conduct of the Government admitted of any inference, it was that they were of opinion that the framers of the Constitution Act were guilty of a mistake in establishing two chambers. It would be better, however, for them to avow this openly. Although he rose to impress upon members the necessity of not surrendering their position, yet he believed there was little occasion for his doing so, as they were all determined to make a bold stand against invasion. They knew their duties, and also their rights. He did not claim fortbcCouncilafreedouiftom faults. Reform, gradual and within constitutional limits as he had declared to his constituents, would be good for the Council; but he said. God forbid reforms which were not constitutional, and which were not gradual. Reform was one thing, annihilation another, and it was against the latter that he raised his voice. The Council might have been led into the appearance of attractiveness is holding back beneficial h agitation, but the fault really lay with a Ministry which had goaded members by their unconstitutional action, and which dared not be represented in the House it had injured. The cry of obstructiveness was no justification for the crime which the Ministry would commit upon, the constituencies which the Council repre- sented-constituencies a part of the people," to whom the Hon. Mr. Jenner vauntingly alluded on the only occasion he rounded his period?. The Council had not precipitated the crisis the hon. member apparently desired. By Sir. Sladen's motion, it gave emphatic warning of its intention, and it was scarcely decent that resolutions carried by so triumphant a majority should be set at nought as they had been. He referred again to Mr. Jenner's comments on his election addresses. Mr, JENNER.-I quoted what you said, and nothing else. That's what touches you up. You need not be ashamed of it. (Laughter.) Mr. FITZGERALD said it seemed to him that he had found the hon. member's tender spot. If the hon. member, being destitute of a creative capacity, desired to attack, the weak points of his opponent, he was at liberty to look through, tho whole of his (Mr. Fitzgerald's) addresses ; he might take them as a gift. He was convinced that the course pointed out by Mr. Fellows was the proper one to take. The remarks of the President, which compared so very creditably with the less clear rulings in another place, were sufficient to show this. Indeed, he went further, and asserted that, granting the position assumed elsewhere, the taxation was the voluntary grant of the Commons, and that the concurrence of the Council was only necessary to clothe the grant with the forms of law, yet the House would be justified in rejecting the bill submitted to it. Mr. Fellows had shown that the powers of the Council were defined within the four corners of the Constitution Act, and the difference between this House and the House of Lords was, that the members of this body were elected upon the basis of property, which he maintained was as true a basis of representa- tion as the basis of population. He maintained that, whether this House was elected upon the basis of population or property, it was a reflection of the popular will, and derived its breath from the people, in spite of what might be urged by those who wished to destroy it. He maintained that the Council was always intended to have a proper and legitimate controlling influence over the finances of the colony, and that the House was entitled to exercise it without exceeding either legal or courting tional bounds. It had been stated that the Council would be straining its legal right by reading the bill, but he maintained that the Assembly could be much more justly accused of straining their powers In sending up such a measure. Were they not acting in direct defiance of the gentleman who presided over their deliberation?, and who, whatever his vacillations might beT ought to have been respected? It was true that the constituencies represented in the Council were not numerically so strong as those represented in the Assembly, but whether the House represented a constituency of ten or fifty times ten did not alter the question. The House shared some of the privileges of the House of Commons, being elected on the basis of representation, and it ought to have co-ordinate jurisdiction with the other House in regulating the finances of the country. If he was in order in referring to what had i transpired in another place, he would say to the hon. gentlemen who had sneeringly told the country that this House represented but 9,000 or 10,000 persons, that any Minister of the colony who would stoop so low to find a weapon with which to assault the other branch of the" Legislature was guilty of treason to the Constitution. (Cheers.) He would say, also, to another hon. gentleman, who followed as a worthy lieutenant to this chef de battalion " In release political, nihil slaughter, Nihil aperture, nihil officering." Attention had also been drawn to the instructions the GovernorhadreceivedfronitheSecre tary of State in regard to his action in giving absent to bills. The expression "properties lation" had not been inserted without some significant reasons, the intention clearly being to prevent any bills being passed into law which contained matters not bearing proper relation to each other. They were told in this particular instance that the items of supply and aid and of appeal privation boro proper relation to each other. This he denied, and unless the House was prepared to abandon its conscience it could not assent to the measure. He admitted that it was out of the province of this House to discuss money bills; but while they could not object to any appropriation, they might very reasonably object to the means by which the aid and supply were to be raised. The hon. member referred to the delay which had taken place on the part of the Government in the production of the despatch on the Customs Act of 1864, and remarked that if the Government persisted in their determination to keep it back to the end of the session, the session itself would bear about the same proportion as to time as the petition introduced by Mr. Fellows bore to that which had been presented by another hon. member from. Wangaratta. (Laughter,) The Council had been threatened that theactiontheywetegoing to take would rebound upon themselves, and that it would involve a standing still, if not a retrograde movement, of the Government machine. He maintained, however, that the Government machine had stood still for a long time, and the Government were in such a position that they would be delighted for anyone to come and relieve them from it. (Cheers.) The policy of the Government from the first had been aggression, and the policy of the House was resistance. Upon the Government would be the responsibility of destroying the useful legislation upon which the country depended, but the Ministry were endeavouring to make this House the scapegoat. He gave Mr. Cob credit that he would not be a party to it, but he was sorry to say that he could not say the same of Mr. Jenner. (Laughter.) He would invite the Ministry to adopt the course followed by the English Government when the Lords threw out the Malt Duties Bill and framed a fresh measure without the obnoxious clauses, in order that the machinery of the Government might be proceeded with. He objected to members standing up continually like Banquo's ghost, and reminding them that there would be an election next year. For his own part, he had no fear of the result of an election. Mr. JENNER.-You had better accept my challenge, and make one to resign. Mr. FITZGERALD said he had no league. and, therefore, he should refuse to enter the lists with the hon. member (Mr. Jenner. " You are not game.') The league he would recommend to the hon. member would be too seven-league boots, with which he might leave as quickly as possible a place to which his wits were not suited. (Great laughter) He maintained that the position occupied by the members of this House, and the property they held, was sufficient to show that they had nothing but the interests of the country at heart and he considered the Government were not justified, because they wished to obey a majority behind them, In betraying the best interests of the country and overriding the Constitution Act. The House, in resisting on the threshold that invasion and encroach- ment, which had been persistently aimed at them, would only do their duty and what object, he would ask, could they have, but to secure the happiness and prosperity of the home of their children and the land of their adoption? Mr. LOWE regretted that so much personality had been introduced into the debate; but as no gentleman had been checked for this fault, he thought he was entitled to indulge in personalities a little himself. (Laughter.) He gathered from the remarks of the last speaker that he derived very great consolation from the circumstance of the Government being very weak in this House, and that he was greatly depressed by the remembrance that they were strong in another place. It might fairly be inferred, he thought, that If the Government were as weak in another place as they were in this House, the hon. member who last spoke would soon be in office. At any Tate, if he continued to cultivate those gifts which nature had bestowed upon him, there might be many persons more unsuited for office than that hon. gentleman; and as the British constitution allowed subjects to aspire, he could not blame the hon. member if he aspired to office. He (Mr. Lowe) was not so old as some of the venerable patriarchs around him, but still he was a grandfather, and he could show the House a grandchild that would astonish them, (Laughter.) He was not going to address the House in the style of his immediate predecessor, for the impetuosity natural to him in his youth was no longer at command; and when the hon. gentleman he referred to had been mellowed by age, and had gone through other things which followed in the train of increasing years, he would no doubt be considerably toned down. He (Mr. Lowe) had lived in the reigns of George III, George IV., William IV., and Queen Victoria, and since he had been able to read he had made a practice of reading the speeches addressed by these monarchs from the throne to the Houses of Parliament at the opening of sessions. Many ancient precedents had been quoted, but the sovereigns had not been referred to, and he proposed to quote them. The sovereigns, in addressing the Lords and Commons in asking for supplies, invariably said Gentlemen of the House of Commons, Estimates will be laid before you ;" and expressed a hope that the requirements of the state would be met, but he had never read of any sovereign turning to the British Lords, and asking if they would graciously adopt supply bills after the Commons had passed them. He did not consider that the question now at issue was as between free trade and protection. He boldly and fearlessly asserted that he was a protectionist, and he should not be ashamed to avow it though five and fifty such gentlemen as he who had last addressed the House stamped and jumped round him, looking very fierce. He had arrived at his opinions on this question upon mature reflection, after a residence of between twenty and thirty years in these colonies, and he had a right to speak with confidence on the point. He abomi- nated tacking as a detestable principle, and he thought its application was justified only in very extreme circumstances Indeed. But it had been decided by a very high authority in another place and he must confess that he felt very much perplexed until he saw this de- cision a gentleman who had had great experience in Parliamentary practice and usage, and whose authority was not disputed, that this was not a tack. According to The Argus, which was a very high authority, '"the Speaker ruled that it was not a tack, and he had not heard the Speaker's ruling disputed in the House this evening. Mr. FITZGERALD was sorry to interrupt the hon, member, but he understood the President to say that the bill included incongruous elements having no relation to each other, and that unless the House came to a special decision, it was his duty to warn them against accepting the bill. If this were so, the hon. member was sufficiently answered. The PRESIDENTS did make these observations ; but the hon. member is not justified in interrupting a speaker. Mr. LOWE did not take it as an interrup- tion. He was not alluding to the President, but to a very high authority in another place. ("Oh, oh," from Mr. Fawkner.) The PRESIDENT The hon. member is not in order in alluding to the other House. Mr. LOWE had not said " the other House." He had spoken of "another place." If this was not a tack it was at all events two bills made into one, and after weighing the matter carefully in his own mind, the most happy view he could take of it was to say that it was a marriage or a uniting of two in one. The question was one of income and expenditure, and it appeared that this House had no objection to make as to how the money was to be spent, but only as to how it should be raised. But before they could expend the money it must be obtained, and be regretted that they had not had an opportunity of discussing the tariff on its merits. Had he made the constitution, he would have given this branch of the Legislature as much authority in dealing with questions of this kind as the other, and it had always been a matter of regret to him that they were compelled either to accept or reject bills of this nature, without having the power to alter them. Supposing the amendment were adopted, and the bills were separated, the measures must come back to them, and they would be in the same position as before, being compelled either to accept or reject the bills. If, however, the question should be settled in this way, and the matter brought to a close, he, for one, should be exceedingly thankful, for he was tired of it. 1 Mr. MILLER felt constrained to address the House upon the present occasion, not because he had anything new to offer for consideration, but in the hope that should, perhaps, be able to present the views which had already been enunciated in a more lucid way. in order that they might reach-as he was exceedingly anxious they should the judgments of the people of the colony. He felt, perhaps, more upon the present occasion than did other hon. members, because he had the honour of being, as was also the president, one of the committee appointed to frame the Constitution of this colony. when it pleased the British Government to allow the colonists to govern themselves, the Parliament of the day were deputed to frame a constitution. The committee having framed, what he thought he might with justice call one of the most liberal constitu- tions in existence in any part of the world, they considered it essential that there should be a conservative element, and they tried to embody that conservative element In the Legislative Council. He thought the Legislative Council had discharged its duty to the people of the country. He maintained that whenever great and momentous questions were brought up-where certain sections of the community took one view, and other sections of the community other views, and this House had been appealed to as the arbitrator of the nation, as in the case of the Land Bill the result had been that these questions were decided in the interests of the country. (Hear, hear.) He denied the asser- tion that the country at this moment was not in a most prosperous condition. The July black cloud in the horizon arose from the extraordinary, uncalled-for, and unconstitutional attitude assumed by the present Ministry, which was supported, he was sorry to say, by a large section of the represents even of the people in another place. He regarded this as a very grave question indeed one which affected the liberty and prosperity ! of every inhabitant in the country and of their posterity. He was not aware that in any country at the present day Government was carried out by one House without the existence of the check of a second chamber. 'is novel and extraordinary proposition was submitted, had for its object neither more nor less than the insertion of the thin end of the wedge, with the view of abolishing >ic second chamber, and of placing it in the power of one chamber to rule over the des RIP of this rising colony. (Hear, hear.) He MM observed very extraordinary action on the Part of the present Ministry, but he might Perhaps have mistaken some of their views. cry claimed as a body to be the most fearful straightforward, and independent 2ftry the colony had had as yet; and this T i'Sn was at one time very universally as nisi i s them' kewpie admitting that some I S "¡u best men had been chosen to rule over is, A, was sorry to say however, for his JJ that he had completely changed his I fur.-? of the Ministry, collectively and individually. (Hear, hear.) He was not S »ï. ,0IiJy one whose opinion had thus in iMaged and he believed that a majority Iriifi? I*50*10 were gradually losing their evidence in the Ministry. There was no I doubt that if this Council had it in their power to pass a vote of want of confidence, or a vote that would influence the existence of the present Ministry; even now, before the House separated, that vote would be given by an enormous majority. (Hear, hear.) He said the vote of this night would be a vote of want of confidence in the Ministry and was not the vote of the Council entitled to have some weight In the country? He knew they were called " old women out of doors, and the hon. member who had made a brilliant speech on the question could no doubt afford to sneer at the older members of the House in speaking of this, as he was not himself likely to be taken for an old woman. But he did not think the members of the Council were deserving of that name. He had heard even worse expressions than this used, and during the dinner hour some person said in his hearing, " W he was that old duffer who spoke," referring to a member of the House. He deprecated the use of such language in connexion with the Council. He appealed to the people of the country to say whether the opinion of this House was or was not, as at present constituted, worthy of their respect. It had been truly said by Mr. Fawkner, who he regretted had not come out strongly on this occasion, that they were or ought to be representatives of the wealth, intelligence, and conservatism of the colony and he put it to the country to say whether they were or were not. Were they not representatives there upon the basis of property, and was it not their peculiar office in the Constitution to be conservative to a car tain extent, and to prevent any ruinous or hasty legislation? This being so, he asked where was the good policy of destroying this House, for he affirmed that this was the object of the Ministry (Hear, hear), and he charged them with it. A Minister in another place called upon the members to berry their ranks, and, in using this more American than English idiom, it was quite clear he meant they were to band themselves together for what he called the contest, to destroy the rights of property and all the rights which Englishmen held dear; and that they were, to use the mildest phrase, to throw themselves into the hands of democracy, without check upon their actions. How long would it be worth living in this colony If such an occurrence were to take place? Where would be the protection for life and property, and all that men held dearer than either? What were they to expect when a Minister called, in terms he would not repeat, upon the lowest of the low to rise up and execute Lynch law upon certain members he thought proper to denounce ? Were these the men they were to trust in preference to the men of property, who had been in the colony for years, and had made it the pride of Australia, the pride of the world, and the first British colony in existence ? And was it to be destroyed by the action of Buchmen? God forbid. Hebadagreat Stake in the colony, and he spoke from a desire to protect himself and children from the horrors which certainly would ensue if the first action that would follow the success of the Government-the wiping out of this House-were adopted. It might be said that he was taking a wrong view of the Ministerial policy, and it certainly would have been better there been one member in the House to represent the Government capable of expressing himself in the English language, and in a position to pledge himself as to what the views of the Government were. If the Government did not wish to destroy this House, why did they influence the elections when members were last returned to the Council ? It was true the Government had a representative in that House ; but if the best man was to have been selected, it could hardly be said that they had chosen well, nor met the approval of other hon. members. The question was, whether the Council was to have the power given to it by the constitution or not? No doubt, there were constitutional restrictions imposed on it, and that on money bills it could only give its veto ; but why should the Government want to rob them of their " ewe lamb," after the manner described by David, when Nathan said to him "Thou art the man?" Why should the Government want to take the poor veto of the Council ? Such an attempt would no doubt be denounced by the intelligent portion of the people when they came to understand the question rightly. At all events, the Council would do wrong to betray the trust which their CDnstt ments had reposed in them. It was one of the essential principles of the British Constitution that where there was taxation there should be representation and why should not those who, as men of property, furnished the taxation be able to exercise their right of veto The Council must nail their colours to that mast, or else they would be completely ignored in legislation, and the Ministry of the day, becoming perfect tyrants, could not in the end escape the tyrant's fate. The Government admitted they were struggling for existence ; but why, then, not seek the aid of the Council, instead of endeavouring to ignore it Any Ministry worthy the name must not look to one House but both for support, or else they would become puppets and slaves to the majority in the Assembly-a majority which, unwilling as he was to speak disrespectfully of any of the representatives of the people, he could not but remember were without the qualifications of property, character, or anything else and yet they were to be set against those who had for years and years performed all the duties of citizens, and borne all the responsibilities of property. He would leave it to the common sense of the people to whom they would give the preference as their rulers. The Council claimed no more than the rights conferred upon them by the Constitution. It might be said that the argument was good, but that the obstructiveness of the Council rendered it necessary to sweep it away. He denied that. Last elections decided that the people were anxious for the reform of the Upper House. (" No, no.") Yes, reform was demanded, and he for one had yielded, and when the question came on he had voted with the majority. Indeed, it seemed to be studiously concealed in another place, and by the journal engaged by the Government to advocate their cause, that the reform of the House had been voted for by a majority, though it so happened that the President had ruled that that majority was not a constitutional one, and so could not carry the point ; but the question was only one of a short time. Why, with legitimate Reform perfectly possible, should illegitimate reform be resorted to? It was dis- ingenuous in the representative of the Government to blink the real question before the House, which was the constitutional point, and not the tariff. As to his opinion on the tariff, he would take the opportunity to deny a statement by one hon. member as to his (Mr. Miller's) allusions to the tariff at his election. To the best of his memory, he had never alluded to the tariff at all then. And if arguments were once to be supported by this sort of misrepresentation, where would it stop? He would not for one moment conceal that he was for the encouragement of industry in the colony, and he would go a long way to encourage manufactures, which he was happy to see springing up here. He would not pledge himself, but certainly he had not made up his mind as to how he should vote on the tariff if it were sent up by itself, and it was too bad to anticipate which side he should support. What he complained of was, that the Government put it out of the power of the Council to give a legitimate vote at all on the question. How dared they say how hon. members would vote. He taxed the Government with not having taken any pains ever to ascertain the wishes, reasons, and opinions of the majority of this house except just when it suited their purpose, for when it did not they dropped it. The action of the Government, too, was calculated to set class against class. They cried out against the Council, that its members were all wealthy men. Why, it now turned out he only alluded to it for argument sake that the late representative of the Government never had any qualification and he believed if a comparison were instituted that the aggregate wealth of the members of the Assembly would equal that of the members of the Council. Why, then, were those who had something to lose denounced as the enemies of the people and why should men of wealth and character be thought less than him who had floated into power by pandering to the feelings of the lower portion of his constituency ? Why, too, should those on whom any change would bear heaviest he denied a voice in this matter? Coming to the amendment, he could only wish that another course had been adopted. Seeing that the ruling of the head of another place had been set aside, he would almost go the length of wishing to see the President's ruling unanswerable though it was set aside, and the House undertake the responsibility of separated the triple measure before them into three bills- viz., for the Customs' import duties, the gold export duty and the Appropriation Bill. This they could do constitutionally, - and under the standing orders, and had it been done he would have voted for the immediate passing of the Appropriation Bill in its present form. He deplored the action of the Legislative Assembly in throwing the financial affairs of the country into confusion, especially considering the injury that would be done to the civil servants, to whom the Government were under obligations for the faithful discharge of their duties; but still it was due to the country, and due in respect to the House, that he should give way, and so he had given way, and should support Mr. Fellows's amendment, which it was desirable should be passed as unanimously as possible. He trusted that hon. members, whatever their views might be about there Government, would consider their stand before the country, and not by their votes bring themselves and the Council into contempt before the eyes of the country. Mr. MURPHÎf thought the most essential point had not received sufficient attention that was, not the tariff, but whether this House should abet the Government in an illegal and unconstitutional course of conduct. Now, if there were one thing in constitutional law clearer than another, it was that taxes should only be levied by the joint action of the three estates of the realm, and not by one or two only. If the House did not Stand between an aggressive Ministry and the people, it would fall never to rise again. Mr. SLADEN remarked that one very strong point which ought to guide the House in arriving at a decision upon the question was, that the action of the Government was an attempt to deprive the Legislative Council of any control over the finances of the country. A learned member in another place had stated that the Council had the legal power to reject a money bill, but that it had not the constitutional power. With singular inconsistency, that learned gentleman claimed for the other branch of the Legislature the power to tack bills together, in contravention of the actual letter of the law as contained in the Constitution Act. For instance (as in the measure now before the House), the learned gentleman claimed for the Assembly the right to put together in one bill subjects connected with appropriation, subjects connected with supply, and subjects connected with the minerals contained in the waste lands of the Crown and at the same time, he said that although the Constitution Act gave the Legislative Council the legal right to reject a money bill, yet it had not the constitutional power to exercise that right. That assertion was attempted to be supported by an appeal to the analogy of the Imperial Parliament. It was said that in the Imperial Parliament the whole and sole control of the finances of the country belonged to the Commons and therefore, by analogy, it was contended that the whole control of the finances of this colony was in the hands of the Legislative Assembly. There was, however, no analogy whatever between the Legislative Assembly of this colony and the British House of Commons, except in its being one of two branches of the Legislature. The British House of Commons represented the whole commons of the country, as contradistin- guished from the House of Lords, which merely represented the contradiction (which was the outside number) peers of which it was composed. Therefore, when the House of Commons claimed the control of the finances of the country, it claimed it because it was the representative of the main body of the people, who paid the taxes. What, however, was the case in this country he had no hesitation in saying that the Assembly and Council together constituted the Commons of the country. That was the great distinction between the Legislative Assembly of Victoria and the British House of Commons. Except in there being two Houses of Parliament, there was little or no analogy between the Legislature of this colony and the Legislature of Great Britain. The House of Lords was an irresponsible branch of the British Parliament - it was not answerable or amenable to anybody. It was in part a nominee House, and in part hereditary. But what was the case with the Legislative Council of this colony, which was supposed to have some resemblance to the British House of Lords ? Why, it was a representative body, responsible directly to its constituents-responsible directly to the country. Therefore, It was to the Legislative Assembly and Council together as it must be in every country having representative invite tutions that the power of the purse belonged. It belonged to the two bodies conjointly-not to either one or the other separately. In reference to the gold duty, which was included in the bill now before the House, he would remark that, although the expression " gold duty had crept into use, yet, as was aptly remarked by learned member of the Government in another place in allusion to this very subject, calling a man a horse for a number of years would not make him a horse, and calling a royalty a gold duty " for any length of time would not make it a duty. He maintained that the so called gold duty was a royalty in return for the privilege of taking gold which belonged to the sovereign. If the Council had the right to deal with the waste lands of the colony, it had a right to deal with the minerals which they contained. He wished to draw the particular attention of the Hon. Mr. Lowe to this point. He was sure that all well- wishers of the country must regret that any collision had been brought about between the two branches of the Legislature by the action of the Government. He did not claim for that House more than for the other perfect and undeviating wisdom, but he was confident that if the Council and the Assembly both insisted upon their extreme legal privileges, they must necessarily come to a dead-lock. All representative institutions must depend more or less upon a spirit of concession, a spirit of forbearance and compromise. If they were anxious for the good of the country only, they would see the propriety of not interfering with one another's privileges, but rather of endeavouring how far they could meet one another's views. (Hear, hear.) He desired to draw the attention of the House to the mode of dealing with appropriation bills in England, which he thought had almost been lost sight of during the discussion. The hon. member proceeded to quote some remarks made by Sir Charles Wood and Sir George Lewis in the course of a debate which took place in the House of Commons on the 29th of July, 1861, to show that in the House of Commons the appropriation bills were submitted and passed in blank, but, in fact, they were afterwards prepared by the clerks, from the resolutions previously adopted in Committee of Supply. Sir George Lewis said he " apprehended " that the votes in supply during the session were the real appropriations, and constituted the substance of the Appropriation Bill. The votes were brought by the Executive Government before the Committee of Supply, and discussed In committee, and each vote was, in fact, an appropriation. But, technically speaking, it was necessary to have an act of the Legislature, and in order that the votes were combined in a bill appropriating them to their several destinations. The preparation of that bill had always been considered, very properly, the act of the clerks of the House. It involved nothing but a clerical function. There was nothing in the hill on which any discretion could be exercised. It had never been, until lately, the practice to print even a single clause ; but a few years ago there was a request made that one or two clauses might be printed, and they were printed." It appeared therefore (continued Mr. Sladen) that in the British House of Commons, the Appropriation Bill was merely a piece of routine business, and, so far from being mixed up with any other matter, it was invariably left in the hands of the clerks of the House to complete and put together, before being finally assented to. As the matter now before the House stood at present, there appeared to be no course left for the House but to doitsduty. Every member. as a duty to himself, to the House, to his constituents, to the whole country, and, indeed, to every country in the woJld;wh^cn, possessed similar institutions to those which Victoria possessed, was found to record his vote against any aggression upon the privileges of the House. He hoped that the Hon. Mr. Lowe would not set his wonderful grandchild so had an example as to shelter himself behind any authority upon the plea that the bill did not contain a tack, but that he would rely upon his good sense, and see, as every man of common sense must see, that it did contain a tack. If the House passed this bill they might expect that next session a land bill would be tacked to the Appropria- tion Bill, or that a variety of other bills would be tacked to it, or even that the whole legislation of the session would be disposed of in one day, in one great consolidation measure. The House then divided on the question, that the words of the original motion stand part of the question, and the numbers were Contents to non-contents 20 Majority against the second reading or the bill 15 The following is the division-list ; CONTENTS. Mr. Cole Mr. Lowe Mr. Pettett. \- Jenner - M'Crao RON CONTENTS. Mr. Black Mr. Fawkner Mr. Murphy \- Bear - Frawr - Strachan \- Ouinphell - Highett - Sladen \- Clmke - Henty, S. 0. - Taylor \- Degraves - Hull - Williams \- Tetlow s - Miller - Wilkie. \- Fitzgerald - Mitchell The amendment was then adopted. PUBLIC LOAN" HILL. On the motion of Mr. Cole, this bill was read a third time and passed. MINING LAW AMENDMENT BILL. On the motion of. Mr Cole, this bill was read a third time and passed. The House adjourned at twenty minutes past ten o'clock. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, Jdlt 25. The SPEAKER took the chair at half-past four o'clock. PAPERS. Mr. M'CULLOCH presented a general regulation of the Board of Education, a part return to an order of the House relative to the lunatic asylum works at Kew, and accounts relating to trade and customs for 1804. NOTICE OF QUESTION. Mr. WHEELER gave notice that, next day, he would call the attention of the Government to the great necessity of establishing railway communication with Daylesford; and ask the Commissioner of Railways whether if a company were formed for the construction of a line from Malmesbury to Daylesford, privileges would be granted them similar to those granted to other districts. MR. LINCOLN'S ASSASSINATION. Mr. M'CULLOCH moved the adoption of an address to Her Majesty the Queen (similar to that passed by the Legislative) Council), on the subject of the assassination of President Lincoln. In doing so, he said the object of the Government was to express to the Government at Washington and Mrs. Lincoln the sympathy of the House and the country generally in regard to the assassination of President Lincoln, When first the news arrived by telegraph it was received with one general feeling of regret and sympathy at the event which had occurred in the United States, and since then the receipt of fuller information had only deepened those feelings. Im- mediately on the receipt of this sad intelligence in England, Her Majesty, with that kindness and sympathy which had always distinguished her, son's letter of condolence to Mrs. Lincoln ; while the Imperial Parliament took up the question at once, and unanimously voted an address of sympathy. It was not for him then to allude to the circumstances and causes leading to the unhappy war which had desolated that once great and prosperous country. It was enough to mention that President Lincoln was elected four years ago by large majorities, before those unfortunate differences arose, and during the course of which he had occupied the Presidential chair- a position more important and trying than any other that could have been taken at the period. His administration had, nevertheless, been characterised by great energy in carrying on a war which he honestly believed was right and at the same time it was marked by great moderation, which was sufficiently evidenced by the fact that, in spite of the dangers and perils to which other nations were exposed by the war, yet none were drawn into the struggle. He had also shown a great desire to protect the interests of the Southern States as well as these of the North. It was most particularly to be lamented that, at the very time the war was concluded, and the trying moment of a settlement had arrived, he should thus be cut off, He had, it appeared, retired for an hour or two from the pressing cares of his harassing position, and was in the midst of his family, when the hand of an assassin struck him down, just at the time his moderation and coolness were most required. It was impossible to say what course that country would take; but there was no doubt he would be missed in the restoration of peace and harmony within its borders. He (Mr. M'Culloch) trusted the trial through which that country had passed would tend to its consolidation, and, whether as a whole or separate countries, the people would go on in peace and harmony. (Cries of "Hear, hear," from all parts of the House. Mr. GRANT seconded the motion, which was agreed to. WATERWORKS BILL. The amendments made by the Legislative Council in this bill were next taken into consideration. On new clause A, which ran as follows: " If not less than five hundred of the in- habitant householders resident within any area shall sign, and cause to his presented to the Governor, a petition setting forth accurately the boundaries of such area, and playing that it maybe constituted a district under this act, and if within one month next after the publication of such petition, as hereinafter mentioned, an equal or greater number of inhabitant householders resident within such boundaries shall not have signed, and caused to be presented to the Governor, a petition praying him not to grant the prayer of such first-mentioned petition, it shall be lawful for the Governor in Council to constitute such area, or any portion thereof, a district within the meaning of this act, Mr. SULLIVAN moved that the House do not agree with this amendment, or, at least, not without considerable alteration. He did not object so much to the principle of proceeding under the act by memorialising, but the number of signatures to be appended to the memorial was altogether toolarge, and it would be better to fall back on the 100 signatures which were required by the Municipal Act. He moved that " 150 " be substituted for "500." Mr. MACGREGOR hoped the Government would not accede to the amendment, as there was an important principle involved. In fact, he contended that this alteration was a viola- tion of the privileges of the Assembly, inas- much as it proposed to extend the operation of the act to any area, whether mentioned in the schedule or not. This was a bill to impose a rate, and it was, therefore, beyond the power of the Upper House to alter it. He was home out in this view by May, who in his Parliamentary Practice stated : " In bills not confined to matters of aid or taxation, hut in which pecuniary burthens are imposed upon the people, the Lords may make any amendments provided they do not alter the intention of the Commons with regard to the amount of the rate or charge, whether by increase or reduction ; Its dura- tion, its mode of assessment, levy, collection, appropriation, or management ; or the persons who shall pay, receive, manage, or col- lector; or the limits within which it is proposed to he levied." Here was a direct interference with the " management ;" and desirable as it was to pass the bill, it was more desirable to repel, at whatever cost any assault on the privileges of this House. His view he found was confirmed by that of the Hon. Shaw Lefevre, late Speaker of the House of Commons, in pals of Burke's Decisions. The extract was as follows: " Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Bill. Lord J. Russell The bill, as it had passed the Commons, contained clauses giving certain powers, which were hitherto exercised by the grand juries in Ireland, to the municipal bodies instituted or reformed by the bill. The House of Lords had struck out those clauses, whereby in effect those powers, hitherto exercised by grand juries, which were taxing powers and powers of levying money, were continued to those grand juries as they had by law hitherto exercised them. He should be glad to hear the opinion of the chair. Mr, Speaker.-If I correctly understand the question, it has reference to those clauses in the bill which transfer certain powers of taxation held under the existing law by the grand j aries of the several counties in Ireland to the newly created councils in the proposed municipal boroughs. I do not think the House can agree to the Lords' amendments. It has always been most jealous of any interference on the part of the other House in cases of this description. It does not even allow the House of Lords to change the name of a single trustee in a turnpike bill. If a bill passed the Commons for the collection of rates, it never consent, nor never will consent, to any alterations being made by the other House respecting the body which is to have the control of these matters. The Commons having decided that their powers of taxation are hereafter to be exercised by the new municipal councils, and the House of Lords having so amended the bill as to re-transfer those powers to the grand juries of the counties of Ireland, the House of Commons cannot consistently with its privileges, agree to that amendment. The same principle was involved in the alteration of the area and he now moved that the amendments before the House be dis- agreed with Mr. HIGINBOTHAM thought the opinion of the chair should be taken on this point (Hear, hear), though the arguments just stated did not appear to him to be Bound. The alteration now proposed related to action to be taken under the bill long anterior to the levying of rates, and did not affect their levying or management. Mr. MACGREGOR.-It affects the locus in quo. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM did not think that of so much importance and could not but remember how exceedingly desirable it was that the House should not go one step beyond its undoubted rights in this matter. Mr. MACGREGOR.-No surrender, any how Mr. HIGINBOTHAM quite agreed with that, but was anxious that nothing should be done to expose the Assembly to the charge of unduly interfering with the other Chamber. The SPEAKER said there was no question that the Upper House could not extend the areas of taxation. They could not, therefore, create new areas beyond those mentioned in the bill as it left the Assembly, and if the Legislative Council did go to that extent they went beyond their powers. Mr. GILLIES contended that it could not be said that the amendments of the Upper House extended the areas of taxation, seeing that in every case the proclamation of those areas was at the option of the Governor in Council as well as the persons who were to be taxed. As the point at issue was a delicate one, and as there did not seem to be any objection to the alteration, it would be unwise, he thought, to urge a technical objection unless the House was quite clear it was in the right. Mr. VALE thought it was just as much a breach of the privileges of this House to limit the area of taxation. Mr. SULLIVAN was anxious to pass the bill, and would meet the other Chamber in as Berlin tory a spirit as possible. He was desirous not to jeopardise the bill on the mere suspicion that the privileges of the House were being invaded. As the House was not agreed on the point, let it be waived. Mr. GILLIES suggested that the question should either settled by the Speaker or the Standing Orders Committee. In his opinion, the fate of the bill should not be jeopardised on SO delicate a point. Mr. GRANT made a few remarks, which were wholly inaudible in the gallery. Mr. MACGREGOR hoped the Government would not compromise the privileges of the House. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM would leave hon. members to form their own opinions on the question, seeing that the Speaker's ruling had not decided it. In point of fact, the amendment did not necessarily alter the area of taxation, which might be the same under both circumstances. Mr. VALE moved that the minimum number of memorialists be reduced to twenty five, seeing that otherwise the smallest and poorest districts would be shut out from the benefits of the act. Mr. RANDALL seconded the amendment. Mr. SULLIVAN had no particular objection to the amendment, having chosen 150 as the right number because that was the number mentioned in the Municipal Act. Mr. GILLIES could understand striking out the new clauses altogether because of their objectionable character, but not altering the amendments of the Legislative Council so that they would be assuredly refused. Mr. BERRY was surprised to find the amendments of the Legislative Council accepted as an improvement. He did not regard them as such, but as obstructive. Mr. CASEY desired to see the Government fellow carried through at any cost; and was not anxious to see these hair-splitting points raised, because unless some provision for water supply were made, it was hardly possible to know what would become of some of the mining districts. Mr. RICHARDSON thought the new clause and the schedule might be made to agree, and then the cause of dispute would cease. Mr. G. V. SMITH was not satisfied that the objections of the hon. member for Rodney were not of sufficient weight to require that the amendments of the Council should be disagreed with. The SPEAKER had distinctly stated the rule. He had not minutely examined the bill, so as to be able to speak finally ; but he had strong grounds for his belief that the proposed amendments were an infringement of the privileges of the Assembly. Mr. VALE then withdrew his amendment. Mr. SULLIVAN withdrew his amendment, and moved that the amendments of the Council be disagreed with. - The motion was agreed to Mr. HIGINBOTHAM hoped the reason for the rejection of the amendments would be placed on the records of the House. Mr. GILLIES objected that the House was not absolutely informed of the reasons why the amendments should be disagreed with. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM believed it would be enough if the message returning the amendments contained the opinion given by the Speaker. New clauses, B, C, D E and F and some verbal amendments, were then disagreed with. On the amendment inserting in clause 6 words requiring that the average quantity of water which at the time of the passing of the act had usually flowed or stood in any such river, stream, or watercourse between the last day of October in any year and the first day of June in the following year should at all times flow or stand in such river, stream, or watercourse,'! ; Mr. SULLIVAN trusted that the House would disagree with this amendment, which would render the whole bill inoperative for itnotutifrequently happened that the maximum flow of water occurred at the season of the year named. Moreover, it would be dangerous to run the risk of creating so many claims for compensation, which he saw was to be provided for by a proviso in that very clause. But at the same time he admitted that an agreement might be arrived at to secure a sufficient amount of compensation water. Mr. GILLIES conceived that this amendment could not affect the principle of the bill at all, as it was provided elsewhere that the rain which fell in the wet season should be collected, so as to guarantee the average supply of water to the rivers and streams of the colony in the summer months. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM said the question was not so much as to whether it was reasonable that the average supply of water should be kept up in the rivers or streams, as whether it was expedient that this limitation should appear in an act of Parliament, and whether compensation should be given to any person living on the banks of a stream, in case the water fell below the average amount. Mr. O. V. SMITH considered that it would be impossible to carry out the provisions of the bill, unless extreme latitude were given to the Government, After some remarks from Mr. Bindon, The amendment was disagreed with. A verbal amendment made by the Council in line ii, of clause 6, was agreed to. The remaining amendments, proposed by the Council, in clauses 6 and 7, were disagreed with so also were new clauses 6 and If Mr. Higinbotham explaining that the latter clause was an interference with the privileges of this House, as it dealt with appeals against rates. Mr. SULLIVAN moved that the House dis- agree with the amendment in clause 8, proposing to substitute any two justices" for " a police magistrate." . Mr. CASEY hoped that as this amendment did not involve any principle, the House would accept it, and show a disposition to meet the other branch of the Legislature half way, when matters of small moment were at issue. Mr. MACGREGOR said the amendment affected the privileges of the House, as it dealt with part of the machinery for collecting rates and in order to be consistent, the House must reject it. The House divided on the question, when there appeared Avis 20 Noes. 3 Majority against the amendment 23 The amendment was therefore disagreed with. The following is the division-list : AYES. Mr. Berry Mr. Grant Mr. Richardson \- Hindoo - Harbison - Sherwin \- Connor - Higinbotham - Smith, 0. V. Cope - Jones - Sullivan \- Davies - Klug - Vale \- Edwards, - Macgregor - Votdou \- Francis - M'Culloch - Wardrop \- Frazer - Michie - Zeal. \- Gillies - M'Lcllan NOES. Mr. Casey Mr. Dalley Mr. Tucker. Two verbal amendments made by the Council in clauses 13 and 14 were agreed to, and the remaining amendments in clauses 10, 11, 13, 14, and 16 were disagreed with, together with new clause I, as to exemption from rates under the act. On new clause K, which provides, " the port ci s conferred by this act shall not be exercised within the limits of any place supplied with water by any company established under any act of the Parliament of Victoria until such company shall have been compensated for the injury which shall be occasioned to it by the exercise of the Bald powers. But it shall be lawful for any such company, at any time, with the consent of a majority of votes of the shareholders present in person or by proxy or by attorney, at any general meeting specially convened for the purpose, to sell to the Board of Land and Works, and for Each Board to purchase, all or any part of the undertaking, lands, works, and property of any such company, upon such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed upon, Mr. HIGINBOTHAM explained that this clause was introduced with the view of meeting the case of a ' particular company, established by Act of Parliament, for the supply of water to Sandhurst, and that this company would be at a disadvantage if in competition with the Board of Land and Works under this act, as it had no compulsory power of rating. He moved that the first division of the new clause be struck out, as that portion was an interference with the privileges of this House ; but he recogniz >d the desirability of giving the Board of Land and Works powers to purchase in cases of this kind and he would move that the latter portion b3 agreed to, with some slight verbal alterations. Mr. CASEY approved of the course proposed by the Attorney-General. The Sandhurst Waterworks Company had no claim upon the consideration of the state, because it had not performed what it had undertaken, and because, though it would not supply the district with water itself, it would not allow any other company to do it. Mr. HALFEY said the Sandhurst company had expended its money in reckless speculation, and had therefore failed to supply the district with water. It had not erected dams or reservoirs for miners, as promised, and was not entitled to any consideration at the bonds of the state. The amendments proposed by Mr. Higinbotham were agreed to, and the clause, as amended, was adopted. A message was ordered to be transmitted to the Legislative Council, acquainting that House that certain of its amendments had been disagreed with, and that others had been agreed to. PUBLIC WORKS LAW AMENDMENT AND CONSOLIDATION BILL. The House took into consideration the message of the Legislative Council relative to the points of difference between the two Houses on the amendments In this bill. On the amendment on clause 19, providing that compensation shall be made for damage done by the late Commissioners of Sawers and Water Supply, disagreed with by the Assembly and insisted on by the Council, Mr. HIGINBOTHAM withdrew the amendment moved by him when the question was last before the House, and moved as an amendment in its place that the first portion of new clause A proposed by the Council to follow clause 191, be disagreed with, as it interfered with the privileges of this House, and that a proviso be added to the latter portion of the clause, to the effect that the Board should not be liable in any action for divert- ing permanently or temporarily water from any river, stream, or watercourse, unless a claim in writing in respect to the cause of action were made before 1st January, 1865. The amendment was agreed to. The amendment made by the Legislative Council upon an amendment made by the Assembly in clause 193, providing in effect that charge of the waterworks, if let or sold, should be given to the city or borough councils, was agreed to. The remaining business was postponed, and the House adjourned at twenty minutes past six o'clock until four o'clock this afternoon. _______________________________ 