COMPLIMENTARY Ii I NNVEIL TO TilE HON. MIAtl.isEllS FORl Lo)NFORII, NORFOLK PLAINS, AND 11NG. WOOD. (From our own Reporter.) On Friday evening, the hon. members for Longford, Norfolk Plain-, and Ringwoo l were entertained by their constltuents at a corm. plimentary dinner, hield at the Blenheirn Hotel, Longford. The assembly room had been very appropriately fitted up for the oc casion. It was decorated with gny colored banners, festoons of evergreens. and largeo booquets of flowers, and was brilliantly lit up with chandaliers and Chinese lIamps. The windows weore filled with illuminated trans parencies. The repast was of n most sump. toons description, the tables being well laden with comestibles of all descriptions served up hot, whilst the champagne and other wines, &c.;, were of superior quality. No expense seemed to have been spared, and the spread did great credit to thoilost, Mr. John IIyrons. The Longford Baud, stationed in an adjoin. ing room, played appropriate selections dnur ing the evening, and we really feel bound to compliment the members on the agrceable style in which they rendered the music. Too often bands drown all conversation, but on this occasion the music was played softly, and so conversation could at the snme time be carried on with ease and comfort. The dinner was announced for 7 o'clock, but it was nearly half.past wlou the doors of the dining-hall were thrown open. In a few minutes every available seat was occupied. About 80 gentlemen were present, and amongst the company was a good sprinkling of visitors from Launceston. Shortly after. wards the guests of the evening, viz, Joseph Archer, Esq., Ml.L.C. (member for Lonaford), Wm. Dodery, Esq., M.HI.A. (member for NIorfolk Plains), and John Meredith, Esq., M.l.A. (member for Ringwood), entered the room with the lion. F. M. Innos, Esq., M.L.C., the hon. Sir Richard Dry, I.L.O., Adyo Douglas, Esq., M.H.A., and Ily. Lotto, Esq, M.H.A., and were received by the assembled company upstanding. They wore conducted amidst loud applause to the places reserved for them, the Band playing "For they me jolly good follows." George Gibson, issq., Warden of the Longford Municipality. pre. sided, having Joseph Archer, Esq., M.L.C, on his right hand, and Winm. Dodery, M.ILA., and John Meredith, M.II.A., Esqs., on his ]bft. H. B. Nickolls, J. K. Archer, and Charles Arthur, Esquires, ofliciated as Vice Chairmen. Amongst the other gentlemen prosont wore Messrs. J. L. Smith. DD.R itchie, :H. Dowling, T. C. Archer, J. I). Toosey, jun., George Catheart, Charles Nichols, R. J. Archer, 0. Williamson, J. Hood Smith, John Wilmore, lHorace Laws, W. IIartnoll, jun., W. Boys, i. Hntochinson, Shaw, W. IV. Barton, Aldermen Ilart and WVebster, the Rev. J. M. Norman, Dr. Donlovy, &r.; Grace having been sail by the Roev. DMr. Norman, the company proceeded to attack the good things spread before thean. The wants of the inner man having been fully satisfied, Tue CItrnaaInA gave in succession the loyal toasts of" The Queen," and " The Prince and Princess of Wales, and the rest of the Royal Family," which were drunk right loyally, and with musical honors. Tons COlAnRnMta next proposed " The health of his Excellency the Governor, Colonel Gore Browno"-the representative in the colony of her Majesty the Queen. Hewas sure this toast would be received by all with enthusiasm, but it would be doubly acceptable to the residents in and near Longford, for as they were aware the exhibition of the Northern Agricultural Society was to take place next week, and the Governor was the patron of that Society, and took groat interest in it (applause). His Excellency was certainly a friend to agricul tural institutions, and therefore the toast would be doubly acceptable to the present company. The toast was drank with loud cheers. Band-" Fine old English Gentleman." Turn CHalnsts next gave "The Army, Navy, and Volunteers." Band--" lBritish Grenadiers." min. Cu.sLEs ATruun being loudly called for, rose amidst cheers,and said lie should not have waited to be called on tto respond, were it not that hbe no longer considered himself as bolonging to the volunteers, seeing that the local Rifle Corps had been disbanded. ifn. LorTT, M.H.A., then, in response to loud calls, returned thanks for the Volun teers. IIe only regretted that the volunteer movement was in the position it was at pre sent. Ho believed that if snllicient eucourage. ment had been given, and good rules and regulations had been put in force, the move .ment would have been its a very different position to what it was now ithear, bhear), and that it would have been a credit to Tasmania (heat, hear, and cheers). MtI. DovouAs, M.H.A., rose amidst loud cheers, and said be had been called upon to respond on behalf of the best portion of the British armty (laughter and cheers). Hle would have been an old navy otlicer by this time only lie got into a wrong profession (great laughter). Before he studied for the law hie studied navigation, and no doubt if Ihe had continued that study he would have made si good an officer in thu navy as lie was ai memtber of the other profesion (roears of laughter). Ilowever, there were abler men than himself in the navy. The navy was better than the volunteers. It would never be disbanded, tor it could not be done without (cheers and lnughtlr). The wooden walls of old England were certanily disappeoring, iut they were beilng replaced by iron walls which would enable her to hold her own against anly thing (hear, hear). 1Ie retutrned his sintlco thanks for the inmtner iii which thie toast Ihad been received, and Isped thalt such Ia tonst would always be properly honored on occasions like the present (chleers). After a short intervsl, the Cousitar again rose, and said the toast ho had now to pro. Ip:,n, wea (iti. totsL of teo i,,eLtaill (llotd o It IhaIl reIrroaece to (tie oh,'i tj hy had 'o i. tintg thteru tlhat evening, viz., to do OT.e ,r to their replrelsenl:tisves (hllar, hea. , t r honol tb: membtera Ibr Longftrl, Norlulk Plaiins, nutl Iirigwtood (great cheerinti). And le tei] only point to their eteter itn i'arlin. n:nnt, to u::vr'e, for the toast that re'oleption which it bese vied (cheers). Tlhose _,tliemia no doubt met with tho approval of the greit iml, irily of thlir constituonts (hear). They hald acrithiced their time, their money, and lit ir eomrnrt-tohey hadl left their domestic theiides to attend to what ? W\'hy, the in le· rsts of their constituents, and the interests of the colony (cheers). And they had done their duty nobly. Ho considered that the mlembers for Longford, Nnorlblk Plains, and litinwood had done their duty well, never once deviating from those principles of honor tand rectitude which ouy/at to charoeterisa vercr' member of the Lagislature (cheers). Were ie to go into dotails, he miight enmte. iate many instances in which they had worked and carried out sueceslsfily measures for the benefit of their constituentls nd the coloy it larte. But it was unnecessary fur him to enter inmo details, though lie might instance one or two things in particular, When the Government finding themselves embarrassad in financial mnatters proposed to divert the contribution in aid of roads, what did these representatives do? They consulted with their constituents, and afterwards sent imessages to them advising them to petition, and petitions were acoordingly poured in, and what was the result of those petitionsi? The Ministry, find ing such a strong feeling existed ont the suh ject, withdrew their proposal (cleors). Tho.,re gentlnemen had fought our battles nobly (cheers). Their constituents had now to fizlt battles for them, and let it be seen that as they fought for their constituents in Piarlin ment,so norw their constituents would fight for them. Altailway hill had passed, but it was not yet carried tout. But let the inhabitants unite and carry it out, and so show that they endorsed the opinions of their members, and not lot the latter go back to Parliament next year and be twiltted-' We gave you a Rail way B3ill, arind you can't carry it out nowv you oveo got it" Ither, bear). Let us support their opirions (cheers). lie might continue to talk at length in reference to what had been done by these gentlemen,but wuhatever he could say would not add to the approval which lie know most of their constituents felt. Hie believed all the electors were satisfied with these represontatives. Thou stick to thetm (hear, hear). If by a dinner (a laugh) or by any other logitimate means the services of such tmen could be retained, thoen use such means (oheers). It was not easy to get such men (cheers). The clectors could say they were proud of them, and were not liket some districts, ashamed of their represetatives (hear, hear). VWe were proud of thelm (cheers). It was unnecccessary for him further to enlargoe upon thte merits of thLse gendlemen. -Ic felt very deeply the manner in which they had done their duty to the district, ntd with out further remark he would propone "The tetilths of the honorable member.a fr Loig. ford, Norfolk Plains, and Ringwood." The toast was drank amidst loud and con tinued cheering, the band again playing "For they are jolly good fellows." JosEit Anctrn, Eso., the representative of the district of Longford in theo Logislative Council, rose amidst loud applause. le. said that in rising to return thanks hie buoged to assure the company that he wns filly sensible of the compliment just paid, and only regretted that Ihe was not gifted with what was termed "oratorical facility", in order to return apnpro priato thanks. It was well known that hl wres never a speaker, either in or out of theo louse. It appeared that otto of the principal anid moist engrossing questions of the day was the rail ray (hoar, hear). -lo was never an opponent to the railway, but be never beforo felt us lihe did now on that important question (cheers). If at the time lie consented to stand fltr elec tion loe had been asked to pledge himsell to the Western Railway hie would not have done so; and certainly it he had been requested to support the "Direct Lino" he would not have done that (hear, hear). Why, look at the present proposed line! By i little circuit it took in all the Northoer districts (hear, hear). \VWhnt would the other line do? [a voice Nothing (nlaughtor)]. Well, atn any rato hIe would never have anything to do with it. But ho bo'ieved the lino proposed by thle original promoters was the one we wanted (cheers). He did not know that he had much imore to say about thorailhay. H1I would give it his support (cheers). He was not sure ie would benelit much directly, but ho would be benefited indirectly; atnd the railway would not only be tenclioinl to the North, but to the whole colony [cheers]. Something we certainly did want in these depressed titmes. IHe was afraid the gold- fields would not turn out much ; but the railway was what we did want [coheers]. Population was what we wanted, and the rail way would bring it [great applause]. He hoped, after what the Chairman Ihad said, that the companty present approved of what little ho had done in Parliament. The prin cipal thing lie had done was the supporting of a party in the IHouse, and that party was thbo one which desired to benlllit the country [cheeor]. lie sincerely thanked those present for the very handsome way in which they had re ceived the toast [cheers]. \'Nt. Donuora, Esst,, the representative of Norlolk Plains in the House of Assembly, also rose, amidst groat, applause, to return thanks. lie said Ihe wes not a very great speaker at any tinOe, anld lie itll moo dillldeuco and difficulty on thbe iresent- occasiou than he would on t?aty ot or, b.cause of the wartn -analuer in which the toast hlt been received liear, hartir]. 'Thero- was IlwIys dilloulty when ae ii 1--sot han.I to spatkE of hIinselt. 1i,) woul) rather splekr of ohers, trand of others t whom more credit eat due thun to hirmselt [orics atof ".No"] but I o might say that sinceu lie boecamo the rop1resontative ol'lorfolk Plains lie S.1 doine his best to give sntisflclionl to the ,i ,i|el , [ hear], ar, nnd not only th11e dis i i't, but to the colony at large. Of cu 'riso he paid plartlilil uIlttention to wlhalt more inllllliUO distely Ileleted his district, but Ie had also giveln hiis colnsideratlill to other measuresll ea:llllterl to benefit theo colony at large. Ile was qluite eiare of hia dfecIl, Il1 that there were others better than hime 11I an1d more competent to discharge the duties devolvilng upon him. IBut he haId done his best (hear, hear), and he hoped lie had given satisfnclion (cheers). It was 2g1 years this imontlh il00 le o cailo to Lolngfordl, and lie htad great satisfaction in looking back on his past career. Somtte menn forget their former posi tion, or wished to do so, but lihe was proud of his. It had always boon his ane ition- and what was a eman without ambition ? (hoar, hear)-to ndvance himself, his fillily, and the colony lie lived in, and ho proudly looked upon thIe wsrni manner ill which the toast hId been received ts na token of npplrbatllon of the way in which lie had condueted him sell antid ndvueed himself (cries of " bravo"). Lately there had been an oulaet ati 11obart Town, and one of the ppors publishled there -thle Iferall-had been sent to him, with a line marked round a portion of an article con lininig all aillhsion to Mtr. Dodery as having once kept a public-house. eo did notiknow exnctly whether the nllusion was inteonted as comnplimentary or not, but lie took it an cornm-. plimlentary (bravo), and h id lie sid e considred it a very high compnlimenrlt to Ibn recei/'cd ini this way by those to whemn It tv a to stranger, and to whom his carneer ducii g tihe last "20 years was well known (hunr, onar). ViWhen peronos went into Parliament they found they lihad a great deal to work u,), and theo advice to him by one of his friendsý es to get tn honest person to Ildvise him (hear, har; aind laughter), for somne persons s: fd that otioe members of Parliament woert groat rogues (hear, hear, and laughter). /But he easily got good vdvice. lieo had lld many things to centend against. Ho ald been twice returned-once opposed-ano her time nnopposled. lie had possessed the onfidence of the electors, and lie Ithanked them for the high complimoent which they liid paid him. 'The atill absorbing question now wits thle Railway. Tlioughl the presoet was not I railway dinaoner, tut a com pliimentary dinner to the meimb rs for the district, still tile ll important que ion biefre the country was the railway (cheeo ), and lie saw by the papers that the /;er ai s spread ille t? IHobart Town (a hloghi). leo was very inuch amused lit the address of )Mr. Wilson. He (Mr. Doderv) s:lt down to riad it, and lie found it so intensely interesting that ho twice fell nsleep over it. (Heao, hoear, and laghlter). The Milistry undeavoqred to make out in it that they would vote foer main line of railway survey. But lie (Mer, bodory) did not believe they meant it, for when it was blroght forward in the Upper loluso only Sir It. Dry, Mr. \Vilson, ,nd lMr. Whyto voted for it (ao ;vleo-and AMr. Kienerley), yes, and cir. Koiuerley. lie believed the Govrernment never intended it. They had a piurty to pander to. If'somo of the Ministry had not voted for the main lihn survey, they would have lost the support of the l ito MIr. Allison and his fiends. Mr. Wilson's addres shlowed that the Ministry t:eant. nothing. They sny that they worO for railwvysa if it were shown thant such railways would pay. Ilow did they cerve us? Did inot we, the people of the North, futnish returns andtl stiitistacs showing that the proposed Western line would be remunerative ? And they would not believe us (hear, hoar). 'o had it battle to fight for the railway, and tlhough there might be some in that room who tid tiot quite igree with as, still Ito hoped they wonl l soon comno round. It had beou said" Oh, ia railway wiolud be a tax on property !" \Well ll le icoull say was that if wo did not get a railhay thero wonld be a properly tax [hearu, hear]. Mr. Wilson plainly said the next tax would be one on property; so if we did not got the railway, "to would have a property tax without tiny return, whereas with n railway, wse liight just possibly have a tax but, the benefits arising froma the railway would fir more than compensnao for it (cheers). llu thanked the company for their kind ox pression of feeling towards hiiuself and the other iiombers. lie dared say he had his slhortconming.llo hd not pleased all oil every occasion-for he would hin avery ext ruordinary representative who could do that-but hie had dlon his duty to the best of his ability. Mir. Dodery concluded by once more returiing thanks, and resumed his seat amiidsit appluse. Joni M?lienTrrl, Esq., the repuresentative of Ringwood in tle House of Assembly, on rising was also greeted with loul applauso. lie said words could not convey to them his feelings so well as facts for the honor' the electors had done the nmembers. 11u would notice one circumstance to show tihat li np. preciated this marlk of attention from his cont stituentsi: hle bud been travelling sitco half. past three o'clock that mnorninlg in order to.be present at this dinner to whioh'ho nhad been invited by his constituents (cheers). It wals Ihis iismiortluu morn than llhis fault not to know much olf lis conltitaents. Indeed lie might say III did not know who his con stilacets were (I laugh). Ilo thereby nuf. fereod ia great loss both socially nod otherwise. But there was another difliculty. Ini the part of the island wher lie eresided there was not a rsul sale' to ride can except at ia sulnil's pueo Ilo had intended to come to the Iililhvy I)emonsutration in Loaunceston (chleruo), but lie could not. Ifo mentioned this toI s?hsw that Riingwood wise not vely acieossil firolt whero le he lived. lie did not thinl:k it Ichm, cetn litunit could have beoe paid to miy ioreproutaltivies than the one wtlilll hlad on this ocealsion hen paiid to the reire' rtllives (if thiiit district.' Tie conl I'mly plueitll, the nmlnptuuoucnss of the eiter tiiniiluiei, andi thi nay in wlihich tnhe ucliths of hie members iid bhell lunk, wero thingis to Iii9 lueld of (:rCirre). There wta nothing a man uouhl be mioe proud of than a remcp. .iot ," this kiml. lie was known to many of Ithose Ipreset only by reports from friends and through the press. His political lifo had been a very short one, but during it he had iendeavored to pursue one course, and that was the sttaight course. He was returned by a constituency which afterwards rejected him, and subsequently he was requested by seven coastituencies to allow himself to be put in nlnination. fle was not known heIor by three persons in the district, and he was returned on the same principles as those for which he was rejected by the other con stituency he had referred to. He was rejoeted beenuse Ihe dotermined to do his duty con scicntiaously. lHe was questioned by his con stituency in reference to the railway. His reply was, "I have not considered the Lnan. ceston and Doloraino railway sufficiently to give an opinion. I am in favor of railways where they will pay. I shall give the sub ject consideration, and if I como to the con. clusion that it is a right and proper project I will support it" (cheers). Weoll he did give tihe subject consideration, and the more lie considered it the more did he become con vinced that this railway ought to' be carried out (npplauso). Why did he resign his seat for l)oloruino ? Because his absence in New Zealand would have been a virtual carrying tway of the political voice of that district when a most important question, on which all present were unanimons, was coming on, and might be passed (cheers). Ho regrottod that he was not a resitdent in the district he repro sented ; but with one thing lie was very plened: hi was pleased to find himself as. slciated with such men as Messrs. Archer and l)odery--men whom he was proud to call his friends-in the advancement of the colony; and it was pleasing to find the various con. stituencies considering the work of the day that was, the progress of the colony (cheers). It used to be thought that a constituency had done its duty when it had pitehforked some follow into Parliament ns its representative. The constitouencies did not then devote their at tention or their energies to any particular ques tion calculated to aid the progress of the colony. But now n better spirit was growing up. It was evident from the moeetings held not only here, but in other places, that the people were becoming alive to the importance of making the colony progress, and were be. comning anxious that the right sort of men should go into Parliament (hoer, hear). And it was no use a man going into Parliament unless he had the moral support of his con stituects (cheers). Hoe would sany that no gentlemen could have a greater honor con eirred on the tithan that bestowed on the guests of tl:o evening. lie esteemed it an honor, and he could assure them that so long as loe represented hii present coustilu. ency Io ashould continuo the ?nmo course of conduct which Io had hitllerto pursued. With reference to the railway, the might roemnark that he haedosorvot with very grout pain the obh. stacles sought to be thrown in the way of its nocomplishmont-oven to the last, which was most. unpleasaat to allude to. But lie be. lieved thore. was sach a power at work that there was no stopping it [hear, hoar]. He considered that this very appointment of a Roturning OfLicer, which it was thought would be a clog, would really be oil to the wheels [great cheering]. With reference to the Main Trunk Line, it was very good if we could afford to pay for it; tiunt ules we coin. sidered the mitler iwe could not tell whether it vwould pay. Whiti'was tbe use of a man buy. ing sheep at10s'l?erhoad, unless he calonulated what grass: the land would produce to food them ? The people of the North had created a spirit in' the colony that would do good to the colony [hoear, hearnr], The North had been often snoered at, but the people of the Not th liad set a good example, and they were beginning, to think in Hlobart Town Ihear, hear, and Inughter. Yes, notually beginning to . think [lughlter]-they really woere. IIitherto they had been accustomed to allow one or two personis to think for them, but now they saw they individually had an interest in promoting the welfare of the colony, and they wire beginning to go in for progress. The eloetion at Hobart Town the other day showed that. He did not believe that the colony was in such a bad state as reprrsetoted. Our resources swero great and only needed to be properly developed. It was no use to tell him that it i was not necessary to promote agricul ture. And if the scheme of "Reproductive" W\orks was to be the salvation of the colony, when many of the said works ran into country only inhabited by bandicoots, opes. sums, and kangaroos,. lie would like to know what railways wotul, do to parts of the colony where there were inhabitants [hear, hear]. The railwany would undoubtedly do good. I H wits not otto of the Itnilway League, but if llhe resided up here, lihe would be pronit to be n member of it [helers], but it had done good. With refer. ncea to the hMain Line, lie might remark that hl lived on the East Coast, about half. way between the two capitals, so he would be n fair arbitrator [hel?r, hear, and laughter]. Agricalture must be looked to. If four bul. loaks and as dray could convoy tweontylushels of asheat and make it pay, what would be the retlrns if we had an iron horse which could swiftly take any quantity ? [npplau+o]. It was nonsense for persous to say we would be ruined iy the railway. lie had heard it put' forward is a reason tfo not supporting the Launcetett and Deluraino ililany, hbut it would give Launccton anl Deloraino tlhe nd vantage over Ilohluit Town, innsmuch na fiterser oil this side of the is'and would be ible to Iind wheat or other grain in Loau costotn for a penny or twoplenco per bushel, whilst in 11,hlrt 'l'Town the cost wouln be otto shilling I \\\\(Well, if ever there was n good ar gaslett itt Idivor of this raihny that was one [npiilausao. Since hti hlid beci returned to 'Parliament, hie had hIeir much occupicd with his own private aflairs, and shearing wan now cotring ot, but as soon as he could hIo vwould visit his constituents [applause]. But hie hoped they would always write to him and lot him know their wishes. Let them meet not in in twos or threes, but in numbers, and discuss any questions affecting thomselves, and coma to some unanimous decision, and then forward it to their representatives. The hoods of their representatives would thus be strengthened, instead as it sometimes hap. poned, of having the ground taken from under their feet by counter potititions [boar, hear). lie thanked them for their kind reception, and felt extremely obliged for the honor done to himself and the other members [loud up. plnase.] MIR. UnAs Aarnea proposed the next toast, vis? -" Mrs. Gore Browne and the ladies of Tas. mania." As usual it was drank with every demonstration of enthelasm. Mln. War. HAItTOLT, returned thanks on behalf of the ladies. He said there were some subjects which appeared inexhaustible, and he was sure that of the ladies was one of these, for no subject iehas ever bten so enriched with the golden ideas of men. Novelists could hot now produce a book without introducingnto it some fair heroine, and poets could not write without the inspiration -of beauty (aplplause); and he was sure on an c.' caslon like the present, though it esavored of a political character, yet every one felt that he could heartily pledge a toast to the "'Tllegirl I've left behind me." (Cheers.) One thilig lie regretted, and that was that the ladies were not present to witness the manner in which the toast had been recolved'(heur hear). He liked this bringing of a little sentiment into a political gathering. It was like tossing one day on.a rough and stormy sea, and then gliding into a harbor of rest and quiet, where all was sunshine and peaoce (hear, hear, cheers, and laughter). He thatnked them sincerely for the manner in which 'tey had received the toast. Mla. II B. NIOKoLts proposed " Our Guests." When the company looked round and observed who were the principal guests, it seemed as much honor to the party to which those gentlemen be. longed as to individuals. A'Ir. Atcher had laid some stress on the fait of there being a party--a fact hie (Mr. N.) was delighted at. MIr. Archer said hie thought he was a small supporter, but he (Mr. N.) could tell that gentlemen that lie was looked upon as one- of the corner atones of that party (olesrs). Fluency of speech was not expected in all men who entered Parliament, but men were requinred who knew how to keep together, and who sustained their party and theconsti:ution. When we looked back to the aoonls of Parliament we could not but feel satisfaction at possessing such representatives. During the last session of Par. liament, and the preceding one, it it ied noie: been for some honest right-thinking men, we should now have beeno no colony at all. We had men present that evening-who had stood manfully by the principles of good government, and who hiad not been afraid to resist and expose practices which hie was sorry to say were attompted in the poartianship of Government (hair, hear). And they were man too who did all they could to ad vntice the interests of the colony After a few more remarks, Mr. Nicklolls concluded by again naming the toast, coupling with it the natues of Sir R. Dry, Mr Frederick Maltinud Innes, and Mr. Adye Dlouglas = T'rile toast was drank nmidot lood oheers, and one cheer more for each of the members aemed. tal ItlltcAnD Dan, who wss received with vo. elferous applauso' (imny of the compiny rising from their souts and cheering lustily), said it was a commton practice inl the mother country, after a session of Parliamont, for the members to re turn anti meet their constituents, and give an account to them of what had been done lduring the session. This custom was very beneficial, and it gave the people a more perfect knowledge of the business of the country than the -news: papers could; it also kept up a good leeling between thle censltituencios and their representa tires. In the Australian colonies such was not the oulomo amongst the representatives, except in a very few instaences. lowever, yesterday lie attended a mocting whleh was somewhat in as. cordance with the English system. That was eii the occasion when the hou. member for TVest bury invited his constituents, of whom he (Sir R. Dry) was one, to meeoot hint at W\estbury; and Mr. Douglas then delivered a very lucid address on thro subject in whichl his constituents were most interested. And then that meeting was followed by a gathering like the present one. A nutnber of gentlemen met at a dinner and paid a counplioneut to AMr. Douglas similar to that which had on the present occasion been pald to the members for ILongford, Norfolk Plains, and Ritingood, and whlch compliment was richly deserved. Bearing in mind the old custom lie liad alluded to, he confess:d that when lie came to the prest:t dinner he began to cast about to see what hadt been the aclilevemonla of their representatives, and trit one solitary in. slance he could think of none. Could the Suc. cession Duties Act be reckonted as one of their achievements? (laughter.) Well, the railway' was the'only thling. As to the Succession Duties Bill, he might mention that one of their members who was now present sat on it. from half.past 4 o'clock one niternoon until 6 o clock the next morning to oppose it, but the Ministry enr:ied it. Well that was ' certainly dying game (cheers and laughter). \\\ell, if the thanks of these' northern districts were not due to their members for the Succession Duties Bill, they were perhaps for nan inulito number of Appropriation Acts (laughter)., He had seen No. 17 of them. These then must he the things which had given so much delight to.the Northern side of the island, or was it the opposi tion to these things which received the approba. tion of tlhe pcople P (Yes, yes, and cheers). A Stlmnon Preservation Act lhad been passed, and even in that their represettatives had done good service. The Government were prepared to give permission to persons holding lsblinJ licences to go on any Iands which might happen to have a frontage on a slmou n river. Wollit struck him that it was anything but proper that a person's property should be liable to be trespassed on id this meanner, simply because It had a froutago on ii river, and after two or three days, fighting they got that provision exnunged from what was other. wise n useful Act. Well then there was a Police tegulation Bill broutjht it. Then there Wvaesa bill brought in to tdeptive the road distriots of the grant in aid secured t tthem tby law. Euglishman were accustomed to think that the law would be adhered to, but it was inot son lT 'stanotoio (a laugh), It was only two years since the .Act was pissed securing this aid to the road districts, and vested rights had.nrisen, when it was propnseil by the Government to lay the statute aside. Well, the members had a haild fllht over that. lBut the membersdid not win It. The constituencies dhi, lor they came by their voices in ,otatuions, and they now siaw thie result, and hie 1.op:d it aould leach them tlhis uselul lssumi for thu , Ius tute, viz, that even whent their reprecaeitatlves appeared to be overpowered ih ittulbhtre, still if they were properly supported bty their' cou stituetcies they would be victorious 80 in the present ecse the Ministry, thoughl they poitirely had a majority of' votes, were benton out of an act of robbery nul repudiation. lie could charae. terlsc it by no milder terms. He said these trflinig-anud paltry measures, with one exception, were the whole of the work of the Legislature, And he thought he had sufficient penetration to see that that at the bottom of the present demon. stratlon was this ore exception (chener). He allt. ded to the iailway question (cheers). lie believed that question had been agitated so long that all were beginning to see the necessity for tile work, and the necessity of putting our shoulders to tile wheel to obtain It (cheers). lie saw opposite to him a gentleman from Victoria. That gentle. man tmust be rather surprised at such meetings as took place in the Northern districts-meetings to overcome prejdlices agalnst the introduction of railways ! He (Sir l. Dry) was sure that In no otller at all civllised country had there been such an agitation for the benefits of railways (hear hear). He really felt somewhat ashamed to go back to th es long .settled, these long agitated, these long approved of principles. Nature had doneo everything for us. If persons could not see it for themselves, any engineer would tell them that there was no country in the world where there were such facilities for railways and other useful works (cheers). Most extraordinary oppo. aitio- .was-o ralsod to'the railway, but during the whole of his six years' experience of that opposi. tion lie had not known one of those gentlemen who opposed come forward in a manly way at any public meeting, and rlato his objections (bear, hear). No, another system had been pursued There had been a system of earwing. ging. False statements and misrepresentations were circolated-those things which nursery girls called " bogies" [hear, bear, and laughter] t and he wondered citer all the frightful things which had been said, : that all our hairs were not standing upright on our heads [laughter]. He was Informed by Mlr. Douglas that one of these asserltions was that the districts would bea subject to a rate of 4s Cd in the pound. Vell he could show-that if an earlhqoake wereto swallow up the whole of the railway, or some other sudden convulsion of nature were to destroy it immediately after it was completed, the utmost rate that could be Ievied world be is id in the pound (hear). And yet these gentlemen naser. ted that it-would amount to 4a id. lieo hlmself! was strongly o of opinion that never a farthing would be raised (loud cheers). But these gentle. men chose ont the most simple and timid ones and told them that they would be liable for a rate of 4s Gd. (a voice " a mortgage"). Yes that term was also used. But when these persons were driven in a corner they.explained It in a very curious way. They said "The railway rate will he is 6d, and the water rate Is, and otair rati will make up the 4s 6d" (great llaghter). That was a dishonest way of putting it. He found that another of these'turnip ghosts had been raised up within the last few days;. We were all loyal sub. jecls, and that was very proper, but we.were now told that in thb opinion of an eminent lawyer, the Ialilway, Act was unconstitutional (Mr. )ouglas That's another bogie-laughter). This souded very imposing when 'uttered. The word " u:onstitutional" 'was very often used In Parliament. Members told us that thios, that, and the other thing wis "unconstitational" (a laugh). W'ell he wished these gentlemen would give a definition of the term. Jeremy Bentham told or that It it meant nothing or everything.(a laugh), becauseo he argued' that 'tie Legislature being dominant could puas any measuie, and it would Le constitotional. ^, Then' Lord 'Brougham drew s distlnoctio between "legal" and "constitutional." A' Legislature might pass a law which would be legal, but not constltutional. For lustance a Legis. lature ,'might, pass a law prohibiting each meetings. as. the' present. That law would be. legal and binding, but it would net be contitutional. But the British Statutoe ook was this best:authority. He thought they would be couvinced that the bill was not unconstitul tional, notwithstanding the opinion of that cemi neat British lawyer-whose nae name by-the-by was most carefully concealed (a laugh)-if he (,bi Richard) could show them that thile sule priocil:p embodied in the Western Railway Bill existed in tho Briish Statute Book. There were many 'sdch instances, he had heard one gentleman say thalt it was improper that the railway districts should be liable for the risk run by the tRailway Company. ,Now there was no such principle in the Act. The districts were only to give a gusr. nutee to the Gaovrnment. VWhat then become of the assertion that the Act was unconstitutional? In tihe British Statute Book he found an Instance whier an advance of money was made to a Com pony, and the districts were made liable for is assessment without ever being asted whethbr they were willing or not. He alluded to le Athlono and Galway Railway Compa.y wri:h got into difliculties, anl wanted £500,000. Tit BIritiha Parliament without a divisiot consented to advance them that sum on condition that Ihe district through wilch the railway passed should be liable to a reguarantee. Then take the ,Meter' politau Sewerage system carried out in London The inhabitants were subject 'to a rate withoct ever being consulted ; so in Victoria there was tie WVater Supply scheme. Upon tlhe petition of fifty ratepayero the Government might order the work to'be carried out, provided there was no contrary petition signed by a greater number of persons. Thus it would be seen that the princi' pies Iitroduced in the Launceston and Westrcm Ilallway Bill were recognised in the Britili Statute Book. Thou let not the people be de ceivod.' It was said the case hlad been submitted to an eminent English lawyer. lIe' understood that Mr. Alexander Stewart, of feautneteton, said it was thie opinionl of the Atl to rneyGeneral of ICngland (a voice--"No, 0ltre. ampi"-- lnglhtelr). Hut the British Sluatol Book was thu beat authority. Now if this rail. way would oiuly give one.third of the earnings oa thu Victorian linesoo, there Wotuld bu no call whato over on tihe districts (hear, heaour) \\\'hero t was the danger ' There was a good deal of little clheming whena the measure was passing the House of Assembly. He (Sir R. Dry) woas pret soent=-o course behind t e bar ou tie lIouoe when the Colonia rol Treasurer aendcd the goth clautae of tte ltilwiny Bili by Inlertiig the words Spaid up," soon to compel the Company to pay up the tnoli of th ir capital before the Govern' onet ssloaned ony honds. :Nows no mna coulil ln' neatly tellhlimn that thise was not doe withb a viO of' ldestroying th IRailway Bill (hear, har) Suomething ndight bejudged fruit physiognomy. sad the tniumtlhaautloo k on tir 'l'recsur r fucr'a WeiO he inserted those words " paid uptt" etli hai whdle manner slrowed tlhat ia tllouglit hP itsd don satomleiti very congeianl to his predlne t en this railway quesliona Ile (Sir It- Dry) itrod, however, that: the Iramuoter of 1tt bill were better fluauniers thantilte Coluilial '1'rescer, anud that the little trickery Wbd ' had bret gn o iir g 00 aroald nit Itrn ent theat Itont carryling it iO 5 auccoeslhi Lasfue (IlcieeoS); and he. t..edyn" eO .rould 8ht Ov w rI i .... . ire m re tisri anrrp out tIt o" ' "? • aid t thea be a great dlsappoiuttnent (hoof). It roold he a day of mournall (a t q?gh). ea s-ore di more' active In a bad than : o., a good cause, but the good caose would triumph. Let our opponents retire on that night with sackcloth on their loins and ashes on' their heads (cheers and laughter). The great day of hattle was close at hand. But let not the friends of the railway be over confident, They had got an active, vigelant enemy to contend with,: .Let, them do all they could to dispel ignorance, for that existed' to a conlsiderable extein..: 'ItHe -belleved' the earrying out of this railway would be the first of many Important measure. for-tbe. advancement ef the colony: Tasmanla thoulghnuot large, had altrac. tionse whbloh. will enhble her to keep pace with the other cdlbnebt.;The whole dlithe country' through which this lino would pass was composed of farms of from 120 to 400 acres eacui, and 20 miles beyond:there wasan richer disirlct till. .We hlad attractivi aebn~iryiiid- an attractit~ellmilte, and these would draw populat'tio if we carried out improvemente.:H'IIe a'-wl a' gentleman stranger present!who wasevieently taking a great interest in the colony; and he might mention that another gentleman. had edtnubfroni Qtieensland,:end taken a hoses in.JIobart o fown.r ,, Bat, it conldnot be aupespne~ that penplo-would come to a country mnch.hlnl tlhemeelve:(ht?sar, hear)."' Sir R. 'Dry on-'Todediby'th'~iktfLg'le companliy for the cothlelitdlry "inaeir"?' tifehb"'tIfey had "re ceived'h the °toidt ,' si redliimold' hlei beat amidat loadtclibersY ) . . Ms. F. M. InsNe, Ml L. , whoet Was.08 o. most warmly received,-said heo thanked thlo coom pany very ,eord ally fogvthe i manner, in. whiek ths .toait tlad been receIed, ani d swduld 'gladly have IInitieF hibtaeif 'tdi',tew'Wordsof thanks; butids hilefriend: Sir:R.( 1ry 'had referred to the questionswhbcb twas I aow'. more, than,avy other, agitatlipglne, t?!anenjty, pit. would-not be proper forhim to ibeeilepct e och a qiloation. IIe cdtuld notj iakecrd?di?fqro eio:uarly or sanguine support oflt'/"Itsv' ii 'iilicht'tmlde hnot to loblk fvorably otlid'?h'ii ilhaosri iln 'the"'first plaice, but to in. vehtlidat'alhd 'lit it l e tolhe 'llrobdedte1dits;'fbr thae':Eestlativo'overroneot, hohd ,n?ny propoalia submitLedr'to itl a'end the reventesaof:,no country would s_1iiFet6 to meet ;all the demands ma1le Upon' it,. Diocrmitinalon was neecessary, and sonfed el dence was " .eiidiered' eror, "government 'ebin; mltted itde to any work.. ih't' it n was alioth' dutye'of: t e" Ele2ative Gb?r?i ment to adtit ofl that evideldeo filthllh'npet'thelr ocnclusions (hear, heal-), randt lf::he-oonld; as i nember of a former goyernaiit iclalun ', I;credit: for being.favorable to this railway, lie could claim it,. or oneeo'itio' truest and.most honorable of mee'--.'i: Cb'heinh'n' (chteir;' Tllddt'ged lelllon bfliired the ptleeciplb on which'the mett'er htld bee'n"irranged betwepol Nortih, an' Sootlth, and on .which pr?i?pla tile Northernalpeoplo hald got.the; Railwa y'.Bll' .le' partial saccess of which', the prosent'ecoi pany lh'ad thateday met:-to. celebrate. Sir R. Dry.had, referred to .what had'been done in parllamin'i during the last session. in somewhaitdlsparaging terms' i bdt iu'teh6 'only: terms' that. coald;ic o propiDrlr'used.' Aa thllt 'gntleman anudhimself, had to itt fi that hrandl:of thle Lbglsatlare whichh via". leIO" pedpol' than ' tie ' pth'er, he claimedi for .. i' that' bad "hben "; foond no , seless s -falicl In .'thi'eo' rtpreeentatiori of. tharecolony : It was eilled' Uion ph' lpre, form:aconservative duty; and eeen,, i it had noe been;'called upon to uphold ithe Contltitlion and what?was seeured tothel.districts of the ialapd by ldw;oandif tbe'hdblrnists hlad notsoent in.potiotios, sfll' the' Legislativo'Council would have done its duth "'. Thb Goverhment oftthe present day was not al' ?Vetoiteno t'iwhicli .'"id ' tio?nchattention' to. pettiones or the outd`iokei "sentimenlts 'of the peopfo 'i hut 'was' itfiisjoced by a corrio '(boanr, hear). . But thoi'Gbierni:nit of the day learned that it would be iuseless to illtrdduc sach 'a measareoin the.Upper IIouse, andit'was 'boitsed' of the :hopelesaness of that dislionuet soliame pasling ..thnt ' it - was withdrawn. '?lthe Legislatlve CounOil' lad also proved tlrue to its duty 'in' protectionlthefroodonm of .the Mtlnlicipal. inktltulour of' tho':eolony'nt a period when by, all;'tbut ::a crsti ng avote their t ndepndence" anodl' libOrty were aseceiled, 'aideo'iiroeettd them from tho airbitrary 'd?nd 'o'jtiiat 'petiitddfioii' of' the' Government of theddy '(rlcoes) "Altd 'tiib'libeedd; that.branch.of ithre :gl W'a reoleegfi hldg the a property :ofl th l, eolon y, .:a?i ;i" ls faitlful to th.,twishaess: of lp"blio; tiii to 'tho'e intoteste, of.prnperty., a; 'iJ er':.wnis; a gibtleman p?esoehtfon i this'otecaslon:iwho ohn I; come Irdm a' colony where one brancl of the legilslatu'ao was seting to 'upliress" the power, of the higher branch; anitiiit' .a\olld l't¢.ddP ''It certainly could notilhrther? thdtlnterests of the colony. byaElh 'proceedings;, %11 o ften ddplored our situation:ai,:regnrdI cOmpetitionl witt r,tte. othertoIeunier, arlasiag frm tbur lesser. rosources add: the greater dflcl ties a:uder' whitel' we Iletded.' " ere wtira' fiaw" no ali'ernatino but to olie, 'n, with ;thhat 'tveh?dnt which had been aull?atingh.n ae l' ilbhgo e tait?eaide f 'Ihe' islilnd' Wpawere colti' 'a edoniitibun tn''eit ldown nnd: be idle. Weipost depeitilithernorde 'or , oai oenrgies; Theevidecie of' wht soelo tef'lloe colohlsti were prepared .tol;dy in,.ordpl? toi biit: this'tiil'ie y waian augury of great lmporlance. Iftliey were placed'!*hnddr Iesaefavoratblo circumltpncees than other golonies, he would 'emnlitmtheothbat'itlas' not tlfosd:icbuntrifa'eelost blbsed by nature ,wvich. had ahellieed the reateet' ittaiinmenls It was pot iliah italf of 'Eto'ol'o thst' blessed :'by baliuie wTllichd 'fljeitedl' most in 'history need clvilida.' tion, nod whl had1-p'hptpered -most'(hear, hear); bhtt'dill't I1 l ila. io rhiT'htr ·,+,r hdl'prl el plebtlal civilisation, reljlen,: t?nd, liberty, on , wlclt.do penodedtho,' prosperity of a coiunctry,,atlt'nIdd morethan il :any,otler (cheers). , lie;than'oed the companycordially,for the tonet, ead felt'l;hiat he.:lid aeodly pressedoon 'tleii tlme"(ciles i' f .' not.no,"and etceerp). ' Min. .A?rIt. I)oeIeus, ElA.i.A., tbitng 'also calledaon-lo roepond said he was ldst.bt h h hopied not least (laughter), 'lie could tell-Ihedphe oad had sagood.deal,to doin ithe Itnlway hutie. Tlhe supportorsof tho bill. had, carried it thir'oiugtt;h'e LoweH'iiouseuao nd it.hlal ,passied ito tlie Uipeir llouse:also,:nodiow, they camn ditttlto the lo habitants aof the dialricts, anid if tlhey did ot ciary it out;.thoy wbronoteworthy ol. the mtehibers w?ho seatat tthattparl'of tha; tablewhere 'he' was' (hear, and laughter)tand, he tipped they would': tiver call thise metmbers aganlnto suchl meietlil' ans the present if they did unot put tle Railway Act, intO' operation. ,lie presneuedLhese northorn coiisitu ancies approved of what thdir'riirese'itetlfes .iead done (cheers). Thgn ')lt them resolve to 'carry out the railway, fort which 'theoe represcitatives hdl. foughlthard. !IIe, believed'the ~lo llot boei would.lh.veu more. itellunpico 'with :opilr 'oppoiients tllae nnythingielse, thonghe he must ray that was one'thing.heedid.ulqt like very much. :The. pro. mOe rsoaoi'.theinilway had douoe oveqrylltig in an op.ttand.latiallhtlfotwartt manner, w!t' thi ' ,p ponetlisllad gone nencaklg nbout sny?ganlieorltof unknown t sings toperson4, and..qtii'ng tht'in pla'n oasome unknaoltanbarrFatar,, (i. lilieg,. w 'if thdpreally hiadanue an oplnlite' eahy'did tlien,'eto produce .i in;full,,and also lllno tiheir auihorlty (hear,,bhar)i Thien a g'rvaatdeal was said hiout the RailwlevAet A llllan h ho'Cri stltallou, ,;iNw what ?ametie Ceostlthtio?l?l, iA.hlid rl r cr9'ery thing. Baron Poliden in Lhe tase o ?"tdoiro n, Fenton-a case he had no doubt many present re. membered well-remarked "I don't know what the House of Commons can't do, and whatever it does ia constitational; and so long as any Act is passed by the three branches of the Legislaure in the colony, it is constitutlonal there until over* ridden by an act-of theo.Imperial Parliament." But when did these opponents get the opinion of that eminent English barrister. These clever men must have writtena'home before they knew what kind of. bill was to be passed. (bear; hear, sand laughter), which was rather an impossible thing. So after all he believed there was no opinion at all (hear, hear). He belleved'there was not one amongst their opponents who would take the trouble to seud for it, neither was there one amongst them who would shell out for It (great laughter). Now we must make every effort to have this railway. ;Wo always found that those who. wantedlto go ahead ditd not, mind running a little! risk, whilst otbers who had -madeotheir "pile"' wanted lobe the lords of the creation and to keep every one else low. Look at those men; they bad made their "pile," 'and dil not want any one else to have any. Now we wanted to have a go in for .the "ple" (cheers and. great langhter), and'li order to get it' we must progress, and to progress 'we must hava the railway (cheers). That was loglsto (cheers and laughter). We commenced at It seven or eight:years ago. Our opponents had of :fred every.kind of opposition. Thesaheme was lirought Into Parliament but not carried. Oppo. ients sneered at the promoters, but the pro nioters- said,- " T'ever-mlid, :we will ,go? at' It again;" and they went at-it again year after year, and at lastgot their bill Into Parliament and soon got it out agalo, and now' it was for the Northern colonists' to db'thelrdiity (ch'eers).' The'oppo nkons of the measure were going about the sale yards with a memorial In their, pockets, and had 'sbnt a poor fellow,'the son of'mt musici master, to skour the . country for signatures. 'IHe (Mr. D) did not?nowin 'wihat he was-paid for this, but ihe :sbpposedshout "telpenco ha'ponny" a week Oxughter) Ahd lie got into the sale yards and pro; cred the signatdres of a few drovers (lauehtnr), end that was how tIhu memorial to the Queen as tb the Act being unconstitutional was being got p.' Now as to, tle"'constitutional"t tiestion, o would say th'atwhatever was passed by.. Par. iament was constitutional, though 'of course verything- passed for the last hundreds of years dras not now constitutional.. What was constitu. tConal in the tirie"'of- Cromwell was not constitu. ional now. For instance, it used to be constitu tional 16 puit mean i the pillory (aslangh); but it was ceaotitutoial ino longer to do that. -All that Could be done undr thboAct was to tax the die. fricts for the interest of the money on the bonds issued ;by' thO G'ooierontiiit; ,Thbe:?oipiionts wianted to make persons believe that if they hoer rowned 3o00,000; o he interest on which at 6 per dent. wouhl bel£i18000, ij order to raise that £18,000' on anaesessinent' f over '£20o,000'it vojd.bo necessary to [evy,a rate pf. 4a 6d .In the oniid. N?o'if pmrsoos would take the troilibleto mrko'thblieclculatioes themselvie, they;woild find that' a ratoofI 'il d,,to'tld he qito e;sufflieet. 1'hean these people tried to frlghten pereoni by asayldgi"'Ydu'll ' hiveo to pay' thn whlole'of :tlhe oplitat',isd,'l .'.That. wat?a':palptbloi fIl(ehood. Ho should pot like to tq11 any of these gentlemen |otlus fai'o iht'hlie woaoA liar,. hittit 'Iet"??s?"iy' likelyse wouldrdo:eo ifiany of them made suc a, barefaced. assertlon ,in his presence (bear' nnd lao'ughter). ' It wes all very floe for these persons to' aayithlliuhabitantls ::would be llable'for.thia, ihat, and)thb otlerh,'bat he, would tell them that befroe 'the districts could be called on for is single' beonny, thie ciplrta of the Hallway Company must be'l epoetded,.Ltho, rilway niqst be maoll, tndt tnnet he Il work for twelve months (hear,'hear, ond. great applauoe). Well our oppoiiits'"hbid' admltted'.that .lhis railway ould, pay 3 per cent. (a voie-t- iNo,'4' per coq,:!)--wll, she ,took-the lowest figure-on ann'expenditdre'.of'. 400,000, and that:after'tliroo 'o fir" years it would pray lie't wioh?.ftliuo intereist; :nd yet thdy went irimplidg;'bopt the "colhtry,: ispreadlng abroad 'all"lhtlds,'Ot:misettlepeento.e' ' lie frod ofenh;' tio rallway'yiad idl? lo'bring rigtheim?ut'fare to`face, and. tlieilrmla representallons could' aslly hbe rq. fated.:.lot:theoy would not be brought oaut..They' aere worse thani badgers (laughbter). ,NoWlit was 'ell known that?lin Englandi at .Easteri.tlme, there was'igrea?a'eport with btiadger. I He only wished we could hive some sooh time heredfor bringitbig'outl'iiied'ripponerts (h~ial, hear,). ""WVe would bailt them (laughteor). .Those railway bp. ?inoonta eonht to b'cilled bandgers (hear, bear, arid 'lo?httdr): 'Someilgeritleman U?d: suogestedi k''th'dkii," but thiit was a foreign' worduand 'not so well understood as the other. ' The btlier'wbrd as" hit' br'. '. W1i!' would "cli' tle :ankiehts' hadgrs;' aiid 'after' the ??Illl ti ad eeoe ci'led there would. not be a 4ndgor intlie contr?? '('heers; and: laughter). WeO would! got ltvo dthids'. In favor of. the RIailway Act.: 'They ougtl)tto 'hIve seen the grins and other tokens ofl satisfaction which spread'over,.the conntunnceos of .somoZof tlhe opposlng memobern in tho:onseawhen. two. th1ird0 bf'the 'hhdliholders 'was proposed si, the n~pjasti ', Hle (',t' D.) esid that was domidg It ton eto'fg,+iifielg'irlo'wasc sur, there weqid he a tmjority. ttr' onfibig' iei? thl tdn':yiothirds wwiuleddo. .'iWVell,"at lengith' tihe esilrt'l 'cts of the jbiligaeve wey, 'aidfnllbwcied'tio mnjbriyzo be 'flxd 1at twothlirds, but all "tlie' ime they knew they could get nine lenths. , It was only a little bit of aftsonp.,(cheers auid laughter). No doubt many;,presentt'atneeJ d'lld The' loqknm'kpi,''by eam; Sllck,;,.WYVlh,i't?iylyjuj s eaVe;,t ii o'p roslioa a little of Sam, Stick:.(laughter) ;:and; .now.thlley cam:e before'thei eonstituenta! with the Railway Act, and it was 'for the 'latter.: to carry?t out. The "membe'rais;d done"thelr.dutyi" and they hlad been pr.tihd' for doing 'it, asd h 'ans glad they hoad (a (ti tiath),tabdhb' hdped thli. Leott IWould 'lso reiei've a 'share of 'thi?ka (louduap. plause). "That'7igeinitlcla w was not'd' .talking memher,, bhot' ho woe, 'ca'ailal' me?lTbi Ito Work. The otberei'dd the.tiklingt .ind,''t'eni..said to him, *!Put yoar. ?bulderl tothe 'wheel,". god he did it, aoud it was owing to asuh men that' the bill lhad been: broughto to such a happy conolu 'sloo(cheers).'.J He (Air. Douglas) thankedithe eontpaniy for the toastr,and hoped that on ail c chiioi?ethey svonld'bo able to"haveo'ao su iOuest men before them, anid not'buch mint"as dm(md'hey haditgote'n.ithe sonltberi aide of the illond (cheers anid laughtr) ' , . ' , C Ncopltedon.. " A ter" Il'' 'iany i'p` i he-whiohti' IhWOid56 ms liosTboeld slyt rgry-flli. LAiin Imemher,? ?'.rrllatmeou be. wase s?ronf his dlprf ., cobin'gii; e'l[6 ?t ho d?d"d ' eoilc 'd to tdoilt ls' heat in carryiF uiK' T dinh rcs"forithbo prosperity of the bl in~l'tl d "md' WrithikLh a "loditng partiiitletp rhiee qy i novpmegt tnocyt.q 9e hoelleved it was ihlbeter handstihoin isa own ,but l tl lid Id'ii?'9h t ti 't ,b hiai bt'?" ihe'haf ,btlllb ipdasoln (cheors);file!:lhankodl the icompqny:for tIo,co-l pli?notitryo manedr in which. h'.ei'a-i oeIier n?lenmt Ihrrb`'+"hhd 'cbd"reeedi?* 'a ild would-say`thlw', 'It' vreytlltl iotaildul terieistdastiteicntiivqb t ?pt.. rto a a ,lhel i ty it w ou ld be m e tl ue l ik e Ma. HL II N?ceo.~rb+ifri+Pioed''hbh"' Paetiirol and Agricultural lutereslt.":' e hoped that with the railroad there would soon be a change for the better in those interests. oIRt. Teoser, Jun., responded. He thought these interests were in a most deplorable condition, but he did not doubt that when we obtained the railway they would soon improve (cheers). He did not think that til? railway question would have been entered into on the present occasion, as he understood this was merely a complimentary dinner to the members of the distrl't, though he might say that nobody desired to see the railway flourish more than he did (cheers). " Ala? J. I?. Aacuna said the toast he had to propose was "The Commercial Ilnterests of ''as mania,"and he only regretted that they were also suffering in thn same way as the pastoral and agricultural interests Tihe commercial interest was so bound up with the pastoral and agricol tural, that if they did not flourish, it was Impossible that it could flourish. But he had no doubt that:when we:got the railway-as he believed we would, for he agreed with Mir. Douglas that nine-tontha of the peoplo were for it, and that:when the polling took place, it would be obtained by a vast majority (cheers)--wo :vould see the steam, go ahead, and our com mercial as well as our pastoral and agricultural interests would also go ahead (cheers.) nla. ClsaLas Nzouor.s, of Launcestoo, briefdy returned thanks. nla. I. B..Nscxor.s said. that as the evening was waning they.would now drink'the last toast, namely, "The Press" (flood cheers). 'Before pro. ceeding with any observations on that toast Ithe would remark In reference to what had been said by Mir. Toosey, that It was true this was not a railway dinner, but the fact was the railway was such an all-absorbing topic of interest, that no meeting could be held on this side of tile island .without it being introduced. (hear). He would now briefly refer to what tthe press had done for the railway movement. ' He need scarcely say that for a number of years great and useful exertions had 1 been .made by several newspapers on this,, and lately on the Southern side of the Island. As one of the promoters of the railway he. telt they. were under great obligations to a portion of the press on this side of the Island (cheers)... The toast was drank amidst mutch applause-. Band " Auld Lang Syne.". Atla. WYx. AlcesNusnA returoed thanks. SSlt R. Dar proposd' the health of the Chair. mani;a toast which was received with enthusinasm. Tun CuOntaeAN acknowledged the compliment in sultable terms; but before doing so mentioned that he had received a letter from the Rev. Air. Stackhouse,. apologislng' for 'his absenice, but stating that he fully agreed with the object 'of the meeting, anid filly approved of the conduct of the reprelentatives of the district (cheers). The proceedings which passed off most pleas uanly'and harmonionyly. ore brought to a -oloe shortly before II o'elook by the Band playing " God Save the Queen."' 