\- ; THE DESERTED DIGGINGS. '.?'?? Bv as Old Chhh. [FROM THE AIJSTBAI.IAN JOOBNAi.] It was about an hour before sunset, on a beauti ful day in early spring, that I rode slowly amongst the solitary heath-clad ranges of the once .famous Kajunga diggings. For miles and miles the bed of every gully, the crest of every hill, and the broad surface of every flat, were' thickly dotted with hillocks of pipe-clay heaped up near some f alien-in shaft, over the mouths of many of which windlass legs, with here and there a windlass-barrel, were still standing. Three years before, every hill and gully in the district was thickly peopled. The site of tents and stores might easily be traced on the ground, which, where they had stood, was hard and grassless,, while on every side, sod or log-chimneyB ' — the latter for the most part entire, the former in various stages of decay — gave abundant proof how numerous had once been the-dwelling-placas of the digger. The country through which ;Iihad-!for some hours been travelling is in general-barren, and desolate in the extreme, badly watered,- and sbldom affording even, the scantiest feed,' so ^ that, once robbed of its gold, it has speedily rrolapsed-into its .?former uninhabited state. The past'winter.ihow ever, had. been a remarkably rainy -onejiandjiunder .the genial influence of the spring sun, tkoiandscape i had assumed the most beautifal appearance. 'The. ifiats were i emerald grson: with ;young ? grassi'S-while '?the ranges presented ?-- all the ihaes; ubf-^the ^rainbow from the many colored heaths: through;; which u:.-niy horao :made his 'xway ' .breast deep. VLThousands of wild flowers (;-sprang ?.-.: up, on every inside, whilst overhead -the vswattle .blossom,! gleaming like gold amongst :the;idelicate foliage, filled, the uair with perfume. rThe 'timber ; thodrbeen sadly. .thinneddnAtjld-tknes^byitho'jaxorof^ ittio^ggorjtandtbyjth'eifrfi.qiieritUjuahtfiresiibufc'atill'; rnianyriimoble tiwhitoigamtstbo'djiiiithe'.flatsviaridithei Mammit3:df-i.thoIhUls!JWGr6cclothed-ivithrsttiugyibaikf :and (peppermint.' al1ausingioh'itb:eitop:ofiai3range;a'i ilittle! Higher ithan jits ixreigb.bors,;to:conteinp bite ithe/ i':be(ruty6£/;thefscene;?myeyoa3aaghfeaight'vdf;isome-; ithing^brighfeglancingaxmong'gtitho-1 trees to tho;north , '.which AI' at once Tguessed'. to; bs tho Kajunga' Creek,, ( on the :banks of whioh I 'meant tori camp. for the might. Giving my nag his head, be settled at once i linto : thatu curious ; shambling gallop ? which an old cstockihorse;.;will-i'keep;iup for hours, and in a few. ;mrautes*I'reacheu'-the ??creek,' on whose banks T' found, as I had expected, very tolorable feed. Dismounting, I took off the saddle and bridle, and placing them on the ground beside my blanket and cooking utensils, I hobbled my horae, and left Mm to go whore ho would; then, after a plunge in the creek, I kindled my fire, made my, tea, toasted my chops on the end of a stick, and having thoroughly satisfied ray appetite, mixed myself a good stiff pannikin of brandy and water from my capacious flask, , and, seating myself cozily on a log before the fire, lighted my. pipe and began to smoke. The sun had now gone, down some time, and the stillness, of the starlit night was unbroken save by tho rattle , of my horse's. hobbles as he changed his feeding ground, and occasionally by the plaintive. notes of the curlew, or the cry of the mopoke, the night cuckoo of Australia. Yielding to the potency of the grog, and tho soothing influence of the honeydew, I had fallen into a semi-dozing state, when I was suddenly aroused .by the sound of voices, and almost imme diately afterwards three men stepped out of the gloom into the bright firelight, and with a hearty 'What choor, mate ?'? commenced making them selves comfortable for the night, much after the same fashion I myself had pursued an hour or so before. They were evidently all diggers, for I noticed tho marks of tho pipe-clay on their mole skins, and as they had Oi.ly their blankets with them, and no tools, I guessed, as was tho case, that they must bo on their road down to town. After they had supped I produced, the brandy flask, and, as may be imagined, we fraternised at once. We talked upon various subjects— of the good old times, when gold wa3 plentiful and diggers few — of the bad new times, when diggers abounded, but gold was, alas! scarce; of Eaglehawk ; of the Ballaarat riots, in whioh one 'of my com panions had lost a couple of fingers ; of dodging the police in the old lioense-hunting days, and of a hundred other kindred subjects, which. to au old gold-seeker furnish an endless fund of . amusement. I myself had handled the pick and rocked the cradle for many a long day, so that I .was fully qualified to boar my part in the- conversa .tion. i After some'.time, however, the current of: talk 'slackened gradually,': and at last we bad remained silently '.smoking ;for. several' minutes, when one of ; my :cqmponions, i addressing himself to.anothor^-Hi. ; short bub.enormoa8ly) powerful ?.man; ? who uwasiex-'. : tended -at.'f nil; length before :the'.£re,* aud bwhosodEaco!' s was' so. completely! buririd in:iiair. that only ithb. tip, of- j this.nosef«rid:lnsJBhar.plytwiukling«ye83were-.visibio;i -v4saiil :? ?i'2Bill,:-my iiboy ItiuHduJt lyouaworknsome-.;. i:wheroi.hereabautsLonce:*apon£aatime ?' :'^1'iYesVi»ro-?- iplio'dfBill j-'.^abput i'a ?.'matter 'of -'three-years/and tai -.half ago I -.worked ..ori-ithe old'Kijanga1; ^moro by - token I had the best hole in Murder- wiil*ontvGul!y,v that ever foil to my share since I firstsiiahdledaafi -pick.' .?'_.,.:..'?'.' ''??' ? ].'£, ' Murder- wilL out Gully !' I-. exclaunea1;; M^swell^ ^1*. have heard somp qaooRnamas^given tosgullieaidndi Lflats- insmyiihnoiv^hat^witM^orfdihorsoVtGEiUcky-^ ^w^mauVJPpgyeg^rNip.^oheeso^iPinphtgatjiiuadi.Babhf tlikbitbnt^ht-.bedtsithemUiill.t^JPrayitiwhyrwaBitiSO? 'caUda'?' '''?? : ?'- ? ?;.- .'?. . ? \J ? ' y.iWelljryou'Seoi'onate,' !isardEBill,Vyiauipnotmradli;f of a hand at pitching a tule,' but as yon seem the right sort I'll try for once. ? It will be four years on1 the third of next month since first I came on to Kujorga. I had been workmg at Fryer's Creetr in tucker holes, for some time previously,, for my mate had been bad with the dy sentery, and, of course, I couldn't leave him. . At last, however, he died, nnd having been told that thoro were somo old shipmates of mine up there, I determined to come up and try my luck. Well, I soon picked up with a fresh mate,, and a pretty tidy hole, too, for there was gold galore in these parts then. There was a raro rough lot about here, though. You see it was a goodieh way from the old established gold-fields, and the diggings were scattered over suoh a deal of ground that what few troopers we had up here went pretty nigh for nothing, so that every man of us used to aleep with his loaded revolver under his head, as in the old times on Golden Point. I was encamped a few miles higher up the creek, and in the iitxt tent to ns were a couple of chaps who had been working, there some time, bat partly through want of luck,, and partly through blowing all they oarwed in tho grog shanties, they were pretty well always down on: their luck. The name of the yonnges.t of them- was ^Charley. Smart— -Smart Charley we used to call him, though ; for of a Sunday ho used' to come out 1 in:a-grey shirt all worked with scarlet silk, a great irod sash round-bis waist, a real Panama[hat, breeches,, and knee .boots, .all : which-swelludunnago.he.had brought with Lbimfrotn'Oalifoniia, ^where.-he and his. ?brother^.whoiwasitlien.away at'M'Ivorj::had -TEorked ifor.somuitimo. 'iHe^was .aiveryv igodd-lodking-ohap^ .thoughihe\wa3'.us,white'iri'the ;faoo as'aiparanip,'but he was -uncommon vstrong.and hearty, and an outand out good workman. : His mate Alick, or Black Mick^ as w e used to .call him on account of the darkness of ;'hisikin,-was a chop of about fifty years of age, !and.aslill-looking a customer as you could well meet Kreith'iinfa- rilttj;'smarcb, even in this country. Yil buv Ifaeaiil^inoeithat ho was tried iinitberbldi-country for vrobbery:and -murder. . There iwasnitiqriiiie^viaence renough -to: ;bringith6 JaangingTmatterthtanBiitcc :]iim, '? though. thore:wasn'ttmndh-donbt.af.ihisrguilfe;jiso he . saved :his liecb.iandntoamBrout ?itoiitho!-cdUjriies at ?? Government expense Jiustead. S.riHe ;: wasaiigloomy,. ;moroseikind' oiadllo^TCery^narEelsomBliwhen in-. drink,. and as ixmBaciable ..asiaibeai;;i'fori\wiienihe wa&- . out of -xashHIioilinock'aownJin^grag'lte.ruse'd) ^always- tOitnrn''in:ias;-Hoonmsi«ve'r;5rheiSiad '.^swallowed his supper, ;nenrerc- comingivxiut;!to !mitjfibj:i£bi&'i&re-;, and' smoke on^d yarn like the rest of us used to do. Smart Cbarley was quite another guess sort of chap He would sit up half tho night us long as any one was left to talk to, and seemed to dislike tho b lankets as much as Black Alick loved them. ' Now, a short distance from where we were en camped there was a grog shanty, not one of yom n ew-fangled, weathnrboarded hotels, with a gran3v bar all Bet -out with swell- decanters full of bad liquor, but a jolly: groat tent, well put up,witha : good, flyover it, lined throughout with green baize, and a sod chimney to it that would hold an eight ifootlog — as .comfortable a crib as a man could wish to set foot in who was content to^ pour good stuff ? :out of a black, bottle, and drink it out of a pdn Tnikin., ,It was. kept by a Yankee— a fair specimen of one he was, too, and an uncommon good hand at drink, to bo sure. . The way he could mix-it julop was a caution. Well, a whole lot of us chaps used to frequent this shanty more or lesa, and though I never was much of a ono for drink, I usod to go up pretty regular of a Saturday night, and have a hand at yuker. or cribbage, and have a glass or two of hot whiskey aDd water, real Scotch,. and first-rate at that. The Yankee boys who came there said it. was nothing to Monongohola, but Charley, who had been ? some time in America, said that that was all gas. However, as I never tasted the liquor in question, I cau'fc say. Among: the fellows who used the shanty— the 'Stars and Stripes,' as we called it — was one who dropped in occasionally, who went by the name of Iudian Hepe, though ho was no more an Indian than you are, for his father was . a Scotohman aud his mother a Mexican woman of Sonora; but bo had been stolen away when a lad by the Indians who livo on horse back — Comanchos, I think, they call them — wnd had passed pretty nigh twenty years of his life among them. I have heard that . he became a chief, and had raised a deal of hair in his time; but whether this was true or not I can't say, for he was a silent' Eort of chap, and never said much about his past life. Ho had come on to California diggings soon after they broke out, and aftenvurd3 camo- over to Sydney, and from thore to Victoria. Weumsed to think him a bit ;mad| ifor 'he iwouhT-.go :away with' his /gun . - '.all '.ualoub j.for ?. ?«nceaks,i '.living upon .what Che ?vcouVd'ishoQt,!!.-and-.!!wheu ho :camo ihaokv-.to'iwork she 'Jusedjtto jp'taf or .spending * hdlftthbriightJbyhimselfiu'ihe^buab^rsti-etohedout on hisi.baok, .tstaring .'up: .at..iihe;stars, ito.sitlingxcom- fortiably -ibyi itho^ifire^idnai)SinQking.;£bisipipoilike a .Christian. ffaJherotHver.evtqaeer,itaIesi:afloati sof his havin- gitu]3!Bome:ifollows';tforttni89:aip ^on'.uEagle han!lr,i»uuiht- wiall2hei5Baid'i:hatKcoraor.trne. ?'?;?'- 'Well, xmia£SatitaSay'.'.»i(iht^Juu!momberat^wiJIl,£for:wo had nulggetd3i''spiieity.;fjiighi5thtrty!.3ounc08 itha't^ay — wo wero5alldfrus»i(p atStho!'.'Stara nifd^Stripos;' '.- Alick and Gliarlayihad'.been -.pretty WQiriuiudk. that week, andiboy.iiuaiiitcilkou -shouting.ull .-round, time after itimp^Ktill-owoUal^'I'fflno^JUaalfcukoii iiUittlemore ? ±harr:wi3-/g0o'clifor7.us;'.un(l --ovoiiiHopoiliC'gaii -.to talk ? ?. ^bit.Cft'GliaHey-,^epingitJiiqilb8^an\:gi-maaT)(UTig and ? ? wna£fing.ih'unH«boati:hisqpowBrs idftifoBtuno^tijliinpf. . iTheiilittlianjJtook ixt-we^iquiotly-rat jBrstjibiifowhon i, i^arley:Tvsnt{43nitaotmach.aliiiunshe:yotiftlea;. and ,. ',-; saidjho.: — . '..,.?'?.. ' :' .'??? ? ??'?.?';.?? vV' ' .'? : *.'.?'? ? ? ?' ' r'UGh'arlay/ai^ftnJtell^on'StmtDlhingihatwiJIIilip-. pdn;tp3yc«iasystUTe-^a8;''jDa:'tare' - p'ittiiig;'teforo that ire' ;. ?.'??? ??- .?:--'?'?''.:''?':??'.:. :: ''?1-.1rif1\'1': ??? Whiat is it,';Inaian?'' sajre'Charlej; 'speak Up!'- ?'??' .!-)-:tfl--;:» ,'?-'''?'?? S-!~M i. ?:?:; i :?..?? r\ '? Well; the best hole of the best rush that was eter, or ever will be on Kajnnga shall be found by yon, and yet you will never handle ah ounce of the gold, and what's more, ! those that work it will 'never profit by it.' At this we all laughed heartily,'' and, says Charley :— ' 'If it's ever my lot to come across a bit of good ground, : I should like to see the chap living that would jamp it, and I'd not only handle the gold bat spend it too. As to profiting by it, why that's another thing altogether ; but if Tdid'nt the''' Stars and Stripes' would at any rate!' J' ^'^vi^'^- «';v ! ??? 'Hepe didn't make any reply, 'btit*; sat 'quietly smoking hia pipe for a bit, 'and then' got up and ' went away. ^By this time' Aliek had ^ begun to 'get nasty and wanted to fight every body in the shanty, one' down the other comeon, sol thought it time to make tracks for my tent and turn in. It seems that soon after I left, Alick and Charley had a bit of a' barney which ended ia a regular stand-up fight, and when old Stars and Stripes attempted to separate them they both went into him like mad, andbeat him pretty' well' nigh into a 'jelly, before the'- ' other ' : boy's1 could' get'1 him'' ' away. -'Ho Nina ' pr'ebious ; Bavage ; ' at d ' this'' as; ! you1 ' may think, and swore that neither of them should1 ever have1 another . nobbier 'from him eithor for love or money. ''''' ''.' ?'A -few; 'days after this 'shindy ljthe' rush' 'to the. White Hills took : placej 'and'Aliok' and Charley got*' a capital claim, dead on the gutter. It was so good a one that they, could'nt have knocked down all they made, even if they had had every night to do it in ; but old Stars and Stripes would'nt have them at any price, and though there were lots of grog tents in the neighborhood, there wasn't a drop,, ; - ? of decent stuff to .begot nearerjthan ^ thet, to wnahip ,-j .-, i which fwasu pretty *'weU.,'nigli.,(three.,.iniies,,,oflf,, -. -s~oi Witt1 I a'u/'rare 'rough' iroad, .jbad, enoagh,-0t« ':'./[/. travel even' by aiayliglit^ ^sp they' were, ^obliged, to, lajrj...,,^ b'jr their'g'oidj 'wlietker .ffiejr would er not. ^Vat^htt^-jj^ firatfew Sundays they used to start off for Kajunga as soon as day broke, drink all day, .and come reel ing back just before sunset. But there had been ill bipod between thorn ever since the night of tha row, and od the third Sunday they had another fight, and Charley drew his revolver on Aliok — a I FIJIAN CAN 0 E O N t H E R E W A. I FIJIAN CAN 0 E O N t H E R E W A. VALLEY OF VOO 5?:A, ISLAND OF 0 V A L A ^ VALLEY OF VOO 5?:A, ISLAND OF 0 V A L A ^ bad habit he had learned m California. There wasn't any harm done, for some of the boys who were present interfered, but there was no love lost '.between them from that day, andt hough they still worked and lived together, they seldom or never spoke and used to grab separate. Ahok still kept up his Sunday journeys to Ko junga, bat Charley never went down any more, turned quite steady, and saved np a heap of gold. This sort of game went on for three months or more, till one Wednesday evening, as we were sitting. round the fire after supper, Charley says to me: — «« * We Bhall have washed up by Satur day '-.afternoon, Bill, and as I and Alick don't hit it any longer, I shall start away on Sunday morning for Melbourne, and have a spree. I expect my brother Jaok will get down there in a couple of weeks or bo, and then we will either come up here again to prospect for the claim the Indian told me of, or try some .fresh diggings ; I rather think; however, I shall do the latter.' 'On Saturday night Charley came and had hi3 supper with us. ' « It's my last night on the old Ka junga,' says he , « I wish you would get old ' Stars and Stripes? to let - me in ; ' I should like to shout for the boys once more before I go.' 'I went np to the shanty, and after a deal of trouble I made it all right for Charley, but Alick he wouldn't hare, do what I would; and I tried pretty hard, too. However, I might have saved myself all bother on this account, for it seems while I was away he oame out of the tont, aud Charley, who was as good-hearted a fellow as ever breathed, asked him to shake Lands and have a nobbier, but Aliok only swore at him, and went in again. Well, we had a right down' jolly night of it, to be sure. 4 Stars and Stripes' brewed us some stun ning rum punch, and we had lots of singing and plenty of good yarns, and were very merry, without any of us getting much over the mark. Bather late Indian came in, for, like the rest of us, he liked Charley, and would have been sorry to let him go away without wishing him look. Charley shook him by the hand. ''Indian,' says he, «I havn't found thin grand hole yet, though I have had a pretty lair one,' and can't complain.' - ''Wait a bit,' says Hope, you'll find it, nofear. 'Charley lauded, and' was going 'to niake Berne reply, Lut'juBrthen 'one'orthe bojs began a chorus as longas'from-h'ere to'the topof Monnt i tiofty,.. and we all joined' in: of course, and .so the' subject was dropped!' ''We 'knock'ed'off goon Rafter midnight, and I walked uowii to the tent with' Charley. ' ' ' Good bye, old fpllow,' says he, ? I shan't see you in tbe morninp, for I shall be off by daybreak, and I know; tin t you oan do with ai tidy, amount of sleep on a. Sunday. \ 'I shan't be loug making town, , for I mean to take nothing with me, but the thiuga Island up, in and my. gold.' ,_, The tent is Aiick'p,. and if he pleaseB before I return, I have told iiim lo let you have my tub, and; cradle and tools, and if I am not back in thi ee.montbs, why you are quite wel . come to them. Good night old chap, and good luck to you. . , ' With that we .went into- our tents, aiid in a'few n anntes I was wrapped in my blankets and sound a. leep.' Just about dawn I was woke np by Charley, .wio was whistling away most vigorously as he made , liia lire and boiled the water for his leu. He wasn't long in finishing: his breakfast, ,nnd then nwny ho went on his journey as brisk as a bee. Instead of laldng tie main road which led to Ka junga, he paused right by our tent, and fc truck at once into the bush, intending, no doubt, to give the. lo.vnship a wide berth which was a very ?sensible notion of his, aa there was a deal of old hands and roughs loafing about it, and he carried [a* large amount of gold about him. Aa I was drop ping off to sleep again I thought . I heard a blight aoise as if some one was passing our tent on tip-too, but as I was too sleepy to giro much heed, and the dog, which lay stretohed out at the entrai ce of the tent, tlidn't bark, I just gave myself an extra coil in the blankets, and v. as soon in tbS land of Nod. I seldom got up of a Sun day much before ten, aid as my nuto and I agreed to go out on the Plains that day after some turkey u.at had been seen about, and it being my week to cook, I roused out pretty early, lighted the fire, and set to work to get breakfast ready. I was besy frying Ui9 chops, when looking up, I saw Aliok coming along the road from the ... township. Ho had his gun. under his arm and a brace of snipe in one hand. ... ...; ....,-. -i , ' ' ' Why, Aliok,' said I, ? you have, been . out after the birds pretty early.* '..-.. ' ' Oh,1 says he, . ? Charley made Buoh a cursed row this morning, that he woks; . me up, and as . I couldn't get to Bleep ugain, I thought I would try. if there was ; anything to be got along the oreek. I have been pretty well all the way to the town ship, and this is all I have lighted on.' , . ''Well,' says I, « I hope we shall have better sport at, any rate.' . ... , ?; ;,.-. ' ? I hope you will,' says he, and into his tent he goes. ..?.,/:?;, ' Well, ,. things ; went on pretty muoh in the old way., with, ua '?; for. the next f owe ..--.. - weeks. The^only* thing in any way rev, markable ? was.' the change that had com*, over Aliok. Sinoe Cnarley's departure he. never shut himself up of. a night as he , used todo, but came out regularly and sat ' with the rest of us . till the very last man went oft, and then', eyen - he . did not seem ?? much inclined to turn in himself. Not that he was a bit more pleasant than before, but formerly he usod to speak now and then, ° bnt now he never so muoh as opened bis mouth, but sat smoking and staring into the fire, and looking altogether as miserable as. a . bandicoot. ..Nobody cared about ' him' for a mate, and, indeed, he never looked after one, himself, but , went and worked as a batter -at some surfacing whioh had juat been struck on the side of . Ironbark Gully. The stuff wasn't very rich, but as there was a considerable depth of , it,, and it .was very easy/., , ?waabing, being quite free from clayi and not re quiring' above two waters, he did pretf-y 'well at it. He iad' taken to sayo ;his money, too, f or Iris Sun day JQurneys to the townsbipwere entirely dropped, and the 'Stars and StripeB1 '?wouldtft have hito at any price, though lie begged hard to be lot in . Well, it mayhaye been a couple'of month's, or thereabouts, after Charley left us that mo and.iny mate were sit ting one fine night: in front of bur tent doing our pipes'. It was full moon, and pretty nigh as light as day'.''- Aliok; had been working late, and -was busy ,,in his tent getting his supper ready, to cook which he had lighted a big firenpt very far from where.we. wore .seated. I had just been talking to my mate about':. Charley, and was wondering whe , , ther ' h'fi.'jneant '''to come back for his things or leave them 'for ime,';. when; -who -should I Boe come out of; the bush' jjust behind Aliok's tent but Charley him self. f:He was dressed just the same as usual — grey shirt, red sash and all, but looked, if possible, a trifle more bloodless than ever. To my surprise, he passed by the tent, rind though I shouted out to hhn.hp took:no notice, but walked straight over to the fire and sat down on a log which lay beside it with 'his back toward' us. Well, I was just going ?up to'.ask him what he meant by cutting a couple of old pals'in that style,' -when out came Aliok carrying a billy full of fresh soup, in his hand whioh he was going to warm up* and as he kept stirring it round while ,he walked ho did. not notice Charley, who sat quite'still, looking dt the fire, without over saying a word'.'''. Alick stooped down, settled the log so as to make ? a firm place on which to set his pot, and as 1 he lifted up his head after placing it on the fire he caught sight of Charley. Never shall I forget his face if .1 were 'to live a thousand -years. ' For about half a minute' ho stood as still ? as if he were turned into stone— his mouth widoJ open, his eyes' starting out of his head, and his cheeks as white as pipe-olay ; thenr with a- horrible yell,' he fell head foremost into the fire. Mymate and I rushed up, dragged him from1 among the blazing logs, and wheri.we had dono so and turned round to look for Charley he ? was gone. Well, I can tell you I began -.to feel- pretty soared, and no mistake.. 'Ned,' says I to -my mate,' ' there's something -wrong here. If that wasn't Charley himself, it was his ghost, and lam sure if- he had been living he would never have- gone off like that, without having any talk with us andtherost of the boys.' ? ? . ? ' ^Nonsense,' says1 he;' 'there ain't'' any such thing as ghosts.'' But though he pretended to laugh at this' whole1 affair, and said that Charley-was only having a game with us, ' I 'could see-;by ihis looks that he wasa moire i inolinod 'after;all- to be of my opinion -than ' his own. 'However, we ' didn't give much -time ifor 'talking, for ? all -the while wo were holding up ' Alick; -.who, though not very badly burned.-wasquite. insensible. We carried him in to his tent, and tried everything we could think of to. bring' him round, but as it was ull of no use my mate proposed that he should sit up with him one half the night, and I the other. Well, it might have been about midnight when my mate came and woke mo up. ' Why,' says I, ' what's tho matter with you? you look as white as a ghost.' ' Get pp,' said ho, ' and como along with me. Poor Charley, I am afraid it's all .'.over with him.' As I couldn't get anything more .out- of him, I hurried on my clothes and went with him to Alick's tent. By the light of the candle, which stood, on the table near the heod of the bunkji I ? could see Alick's features plainly. He was asleep; but his face was perfectly livid, and the perspiration was rolling in huge drops down bis forehead. ; For about a quarter of an hour like this, quite still, my mate and I watching him in silence. Suddenly,- however, he raised himself up and screamed out : ''Keep him off! keep him off! he has come to drag mo down to hell. His grave cannot hold him, , and yet I buried him deep down, doep down.- Mercy, my God, mercy, mercy, mercy !' . ; , ' ; . 'His screams gradually grew fainter, 'and 'at- last' he foil back perfectly exhausted.^ '.'-. . '' Has he been taken like that before to-night ?' says I. . / . ? . ' 'Yes, just before I came and woke you up.' ' ' Well, .; you go and turn in now, and I- will stay with him till morning, and wo'll think what's host to be done.' . ' ? . - 'It might have been about daylight wkpn AlickO roused upjall of a sudden. He sat up, looked rounds the tent, and seeing mo seated on the opposite bunk, he exclaimed : ... . ? ?' ' Why, what's all this? ? ', I mnst^jave been ill.' ' I didn't make him any. answer,- so ho, laid him self ( down again; and turning himself so ...; that I could'nt see his. face, ho said after a bit :; :?'?.'.- .-; . ' ' Whqre'si-Charley ? Did'nt Charley come back, last night]?', ? .. , ? : . '?'?::'?. ?' 'Where Charley is,: .Aliok,' said I, ' youjbest know.' .-????-?'?': . ' ' Whatttloyoumean by that?' says:ho, savagely, . and starting .up. and -faoing me. , ? ' 'I mean,' says I, '..thatt.yon.-saidithitigs, in:..your , sloop last njght-,tb.at-;iyant:explauung;' ' . ' ' Whit -flid'I aay?',-eny,B:he. . ' ; .' ' ' Nevexiimindi'lhc .oxaatiwjordai'vBaysi;- 'but I may just as'tvcollitiolliyouthat ibofore-my mate -and. me you aaidas muoli that you had murdered 'Charley Smart.* 'With ithftt -ho djroppod.baok .on bio, bnnk again, ttB if he had been shot. Ho lay a long timo without speaking. /At-last ho raised himself up onono arm, and says ho : .' ? , ' 'Bill^Ute no use -my keeping the muttorto my Bolf any longer, -.Charley's ghost came for mo last night, and though I oscapod tlmtriime, it's nil up with mo, I foci, I jlid mimlor him, ? I followed him. that Snndny morning, and shot b$m down in a »ully a few miles from here. I hid his body in the scrub, and in the evening I went down and' buried him, but his grave was not deep enough, — his grave was not deep enough.' ' « Well, Alick,' says I, ? I didn't ask you to tell me all this, but now; you have done so I must do my duty.' ; ' ' I know, I know,' says he. ' Lot mo go down with you, and show you whero the body is buried, and then you may hand mo over to tho traps as soon as you like. I have been sick of my life this long time.'. . . ' / ' ' Well, I called my mate, and sent him up to tho ' Stars and Stripes,' where ho .found some of tho boys who had come in for their morning drink, and told them all about it, and a pretty row there was at once, as you may well think. Some of the Yankees were for lynching him right away, butj the- reat of us wouldn't agree to it, and at last it was settled .that Alick should go down with- us -and,, show us the grave, and that in order net to .attract' the attention of those. whom wo might meet; on 'the. road ho should not be bound. ..It was neoessary^to; take the 'greatest care in order to get him-safe^into the hands of the troopers, for if the news.of:..thes murder had 'once got noised about the towkiBhip he ?' wouldn't have had many minutes to say.hisvprayers' I can tellyoa. .However, we put our .-.revolvers in our pockets, and gave him notice that, if -ike ^offered to escape we would shoot him downvlikeadog. Ho led us right through the buBh, without;ever speak ing, till he came to a very long igpllyvi-with steep, sides, and ; about the middle of :it..ho ^.stopped, and pointing to, a great half-charred;log,he,said : ? ? . ' '-Underneath that.' \\\i ' We rolled away ? the;log'iahdfi.began toridjg,; taking it in turns. It wasialightiahisoil, ? and -easy „ sinking, so that . working, with /aiwillv: as ? we :-oid',;tt -' wasn't. long before we reached the body. . 'It was in. u horrible state of decay, but still it wasn't . so far-,gbne -but what we conld swear to it. We left somefiof aour .iparty with, it, and. then '. wo. started, with Aliok toltake^him to .theipolico; camp at Kajunga. '^Nowisithe wore ekmabout-.awmile.:. above: K'lju'uga runs at theibottom' of -ar tremendous. preoi-' pice, 300 .or. 400;feet in height, .and. along tho top of ; this preoipioei,Uay.our.-:rroad. The scrub is -very thick about .there, iand- comes;; pretty well up- to the edge of tho cliff, so that there is but a narrow path way of a few feot in width. ??Welli'Wehad:got-,almost; within sight of the township, when who should come out of the bush ubout a hundred yards 'from us but Charley. It was broad daylight, so there was no mistaking him. Well, I can tell you my heart beat double quick, and I don't think that any of us felt qnite at ease. Alick was walking by my side when he caught sight of Charley advancing towards him. With a yell of terror he rushed across the narrow pathway and flung himself headlong overthe preci pice.' He did it so suddenly that none of us could even offer to prevent him. I sprang to the edge of the cliff just in timo to see him strike himself against a projecting granite boulder, and fall with a dull splash into the waters of the creek, which closed over him for over. When I looked round I saw the supposed ghost gazing over the precipice with an expression of horror and amazement in his face. . ' 'This can't be anything but a man, after all, thinks I ; - so I marched straight up to him, and I then saw at once that it was not Charley, though the likeness was so striking that at a short distance it would have deceived anyone.' Tho mystery was soon explained. . He was Charley's brother. Jack Smart, who, not finding him in Melbourne, as he had expected, had come up to Kniunga to look after him. Tho evening before he had missed his way, and got up to our tents. He had not replied to my welcome, because, being very deaf, ho had not heai d it. Alick's extraordinary behaviour- upon seein™ him had led him to believe that he was amongst a lot of candidates for the Yarra Bend, so that while we were lugging Alick out of the firo he quietly sloped into the bush again. Having worked for ^several years along with his brother in Cali fornia,' he' had ^taken to, dross exactly in the saino styles whioh -made the resemblance between them almost perfect. Well, you may. bo sure, when the newa of all this reached the township thorn was the devil to -pay.. Everybody knooked off wovk, ah'd started off to see the place' where, themurdcred man hadbeen.buried. / There had been a pretty smart .shower since we dug the body up, land as a Sootch ,man,:of ttheinameof Campbell was looking at the. grave he's'aw-fj something- bright araong tho dirt .that had been ? thrpwnup. , ? He stooped down and picked itup.and 'what.should it bo but ainugget of pretty nigh threa ounces, a small piooe of which ? had been wushed clean by the. rain. Well,.he jumped straight linto .-the grave, and drove hispiok in-at onco, and irush.iOh ! was the order of -the day. Claims were 'mnrked:qut on every, side, tho corpse was.left to;the ? jjdreidf Jack Smart .and .the polico, who had' jast come .up, and tho .gully was s'oou alive with tho whole population of Kajunga, mad with, excitomout. I had. marked: out a claim about fifty yards ;from: the ? grave, cluim, ns it was .called, aud was hard at work linking for my\baro.'lifoiwhen;.'somotsX)neiionohBdano .ontho shoulder. ItswaB;'jHepo. ' '?' ' Woll,' nays :he,v.(whatX:Baidib;a9iOomottrno-: ?he found: the claim ,:but -he -noverihandlod' the. gold:' '. Wi'll, whether it was ohanoo or uot, loan :not eny, bub-cvurything hotold us that night came to puss.; lor tbutwas tho boat rush ever known on Kujungu, and the grave claim1 was allowed on all .hunda to bo tlio beHt.lioloon it ; and yet tUoHo who worked it wuv^rbenoiittod by it, ior tho. two Camp ?boUs who hud it, nftor working it-.rigbtiont, ull ,ex copt,ouo pillar, ntlcinpted to take that away^ without putting in propqr props, ao tho roof' of tho ilrivo foil in oa thorn, und they woro bath killed, What liooamo of tho gold they took out of it wub never known. No Government reoeipts wore found either on their bodies or .-. among their things, nor. could an ounce of gold bo dis covered, though search was made wherever it was thought thoy might have stowed it away. , My be lief is that they planted it somewhere in the bush, but whore no one will ever know, for it ain't likoly that pick or ppade will ever be plied upon the old Kajunga again.' ' ' And what amount of gold do you think thoy took ont of their claim ? ' said I. ' ''.Well, me and my mate . cleared nearly two thousand pounds a man after all expenses paid. The American hole, whioh was the best after Camp bell's turned out, I know, upwards of five thousand ? pounds, so that I should think there must be be tween five and six thousand pounds lying somewhere bandy, if one only knew where to- drop upon it. But prospecting for that lot amongst all. these wild 'gullies would be but a poor speo, I reckon. And now, mates, my yarn is clean spun out, and as we must' be up with the sun in the morning I shall say, goodinight.'' . ?;:So saying, he knocked the aBhos from his pipe, jrolled -himself in his blanket, and in a few minutes wa3 sound asleep, on example we -were none of us slow- to?f ollow.' ? 