THE NEWS OF THE DAY. An interesting experiment was snccessfolly trieJ, at the blaestono quarries of Messrs Anderson, on tho Glenlyon road; Brunswick, with a newly in vonted and patented explosivo compound, intonded to supcrsodo blasting powder for mining and qnar rying purposes. Tho now mixture iB composod of ingredients differing materially from those of which ordinary powder is mado. It does not contain tho same amount of sulphide of potassium, and there fore explodes with a Iobs volume of smoke than that articlo, a largo quantity of it remaining after igni tion in the form of a fusod concroto mass, closoly rosembling common coal cinders. Its peculiar ad vantages aro said to bo tho safety with which it can bo used, as it does not ignite by friction, and may tliereforo be tamped down without any dan ger, les great ruuucuou ui suio&e; uuur » blast, and its cheapness, it being stated that it can be sold at a profit at 7d per lb, whereas, blasting powdor ranges from lOd to Is per lb, and tho samo , bulk of . the compound and blasting powdor will produco. an equal offect, the former boing much lighter than the latter. Tho test to which it was put yesterday was mado in tho pre sence of R. Brough Snayth Esq., secrotary of mines, who had beon deputed by tho board of Public Works to report upon it. It was tried in sovoral blast holes mado in tho blaestone. Tho first trial wee mado in a hole 3 ft 10 in doep, and l-8th in diameter, which was charged with 1 ft 7 i in of th® compound, and then carefully tamped. Tho result was Tory satisfactory, a hugo mass of fino bluostona being driven from tho faco of tho quarry to a distanco of about four foot, and tho cut boing clear and straight. Tho next experiment was equally successful, and was from a blast of S fb in dopth by I J in in diameter, charged with 1 ft 3J in of tho nowmatorial, tho-out being very clean and tho block of stone removed from tho face. Tho third experiment was in- a holo of 5 ft 3 in ia depth- and lj in in diameter. Tho stone from this blast,, although effectually removed, was not so well cut, it being broken into soveral pieces, possi bly through the chargo boing too heavy. Tivo othor trials wero made with similar results, clearly proving, that tho componnd was fully capablo of doing its work effectually. Anumbor of gentlemen interested in quarrying wero present and expressed their satisfaction at tho resnlts ; tho workmen, also, who wero engaged in the quarry, statod that it had answered tho purposo to which it had been applied; quito as woll as an equal quantity of blast ing powdor could havo done. Application was inado to Mr Justice Molesworth, yesterday, in tho equity court, for probate of tho following will, which is, no doubt, a favorable sample of many such documents that would maka thoir appearauco wero every man his own lawyer : — ' That I, tho undersigned, do horeby boqueath aud. will all that pioco or parcel of land, situate eu Sutherland Croek, parish of Darrivill, county o£' ? , to my throe brothers, namely, Daniel, Patrick. aud William Dulehanty ; and whatever goods and chattels belonging to my property, namely, cattle, corn,. and all appendages included ; aud I also bind aud confirm tho abevonamod three bro thers, Patrick, Daniel aud William, to do fray all expenses on tho said estate, after my death by paying interment expenses. I, John liulehanty, do hereby acknowledge to pay my brother, Michael Dulehaaty, tho sum of twenty-six pounds ten shillings ; and* 5 also request my brother, Patrick, to pay brothoc Daniel tho sum of threo pounds out of his claim, on the estato. I require my threo brothers, namely, Banicl, Patrick and William, to pay to tho credit of my mother tho sum of twenty pounds at the date of hsr intorment, if required, out of the abovementionod estate ; and I, John Dule hanty, do appoint and request my two disiaterestecf brothers, as solo triistees of my estate, namely, Michael Dulehanty and John Hayes. Signed hi3 mark X John Dulehanty. Witnesses present — C. Sffeenoy, Timothy Bolian;' By tho Wonga Wonga wo have dates from Sydney to tho 25th inst. ,'Tho news, Uowo7er, has beea anticipated by tolegram. . Tho Riverino Herald contributes the following to the natural history of the hawk : — ' A few days ago four hawks were observed to be engaged in a cou flict at a considerable height closo to tho township. After tho battle had beon wagod for somo time, a substance of considerable slae was seen to fall from among thom, whioh, on being examined, was found to be a whole shin of beef, that one of the maraud ers had no doubt. filched from some butchering esta blishment in tho town. Tho weight was consider able, and it was a matter of amazement to the parties who picked it up that it could have been carried into the air by a bird of the size of a brown hawk.' Is our contemporary sure that it was not a log, in stead of a shin, of beef that was dropped ? Tho following report of a somewhat singular caso, which was heard at the Buninyong police court, on Wednesday laBt, is given by tho Ballaarat Sun, by way of showing result? which sometimes arise from practical joking : — ' It appears that two young inon in the omploymont of Mr Scott, squatter, of Mount Buninyong, had boon over assiduous in thoir atten tion to somo of tho fair sex in that gentloinan's em ployment, and tho result was a spirit of rivalry. One Sunday evening, one of tho rivals having titi vated himself to an extraordinary extent previous ta his departure for the Scotoh Churob, plaood a blacs new coat oa liia person, and fuxttist adorned cranium with a new black bell-topper, when to LL. horrtr, he discovered that somo person bad filled ho hat with flour! and, as ho placed the articlo on his Lead, the flour was not only scattered all over his parted locks, but ran down his neck, and likewise destroyed liia fashionable Sunday coat. Suspecting his rival to bo tho author of the mischief, he went to him nest morning, and tlio result was a row, which ended in one of tho parties getting a fracture of the jaw-bone, which detained him in the Geolong Hospital for six weeks, and for tho injuries be in ♦lictcd ho sought £20 damages. Tho bench assessed the injury at £5, and £1 12s Gd costs.' _ A meeting of shareholders in claims Nos. -1, :- and C North Royal Standard Reof, Clack River, was held, yesterday, at tho] Albion Ilotel, Bourko street, but our reporter was iuformed that tho business was not of a public character. An elderly blackguard, dressed respectably, was, yesterday, discharged at tho city police court, the evi dence not being legally clear against Mm, in a caso of an attempt at an indecent assault on a littlo girl of thirteen years of age, named Sarah Eutwis lo. The act, fortunately, was not consummated, and the law, unfortunately, did not give tho bench power o deal with tho case, although tho intent was clearly FA voun' man of most respectatlo appearance was, vesterdayr committed for trial, at tho city police court on a charge of forging and uttering two valueless cheques purporting to bo signed, respec tively, by the hon. tho Minister of Mines and R. Broun'h Smyth, Esq.; tho first waa for £20 and tho second for £15. Tho uttering had beon dono in a most reckless and barefaced manner ; and tho swindlor must, at the timo ho passed them, have known that tho fraud would bo discovered. A firo occurred on tho premises of Mr Thomas Lowe, bakor, at Learmonth, on Wednesday morn in'. The Ballaarat Sun says Tho fire origi nated in the bakery; and Mr Lowe, having been aroused by tho crackling of burning wood, at onco got up and discovered flames. Aftor arousing his wife, Mr Lowe immediately gave tho alarm, but beforo any assistance arrived tho place was nearly consumed. A few articles of a trifling description only wore saved from destruction. Tho whole of the stock-in-trade, consisting of threo tons of flour, a quantity of tea and sugar, with threo cwt of bacon, was entirely lost. Mr Lowo also suffered a loss of £10 in notes, placed in a tin caniotor on a sholf. This sum was attempted to he saved by Mr Lowo, but, by somo means, the wrong canister was re moved. Mr Lowe's loss, which is estimatod at £300, is completo, for ho was quito uninsured. Tho event has excitod universal sympathy in tho dis trict, whero tbo sufferer was well known and respected.' Tho Bon Bolt, cuttor, sailed last evening with the Government survey staff of ton men, under direction of Mr Bage, to survey tho best lino for a railway from Cape Paterson to Western Port. Tlio staff aro accompanied by Mr G. W. Laudor, tho coal viowcr and engineer. Tho appearance of a veritable ghost, in tho shapo of a headlesa trooper, on a grey cob, is thus recorded by tho Riverine Herald ' Wo havo not many re corded instances of supornatural visitations in tho shapo of ghosts in Australia. Some, however, havo boen spoken of. Dr. Lang, in his history of New South Wales, mentions ono, through tho instru mentality of which a foul murdor was discovered, bat that occurrence took place many years ago, and has well nigh passed away from tho memory of tho oldest inhabitant. Most peoplo havo heard of that haunted spot, the Black Swamp, betvveon Deniliquin and the Murrumbidgeo, round which, it i3 said, at the dead hour of night, a headless troopor rides a grey cob at full speed. Wo wero assured tho other day that a party of three men camped thero lately for tho night woro nearly scarod out of their senses by tho appearance in the fall moonlight of this midnight visitant. Oar informant was positive that tho occurrence had taken place, and wo bcliovo ho was sincere in his boliof as to tho appearanco of tho apparition. It does not tako much to impose on tho senses of a certain class of bushmon, who aro quito as superstitious aa thoir seagoing brethren.' At tho Sandridgo police court, yesterday, tho immigration officer summoned Henry Ropor, master of tho schoonor Clara, for a broach of tho Passenger Act. The ahip was bound from St. John's, Newfoundland, to Auckland, and put into this port for provisions. In consequence of com plaints mado by the passengers, tho immigration officer examined tho provisions, and found them very bad. Tho coffoo, tea, buttor, oatmoal and flour wero the worst samples of provisions ho had ever seen. Tho buttor, ospecially, was most abomin able stuff, and Binolt like cart grease. Thero wero twenty-sevon adnlt passongers in tho stoerago, nino tcon of these mado the complaint, and twelvo ap peared in court to givo thoir evidence. After hear ing the caso at great length, the bench decided to allow such of tho passengers as refused to proceed to thoir destination in tho ship £5 each, as compen sation, and intimated that tho others must seek com pensation at Auckland. The other cases on the cause list wero postponed until Monday. The Parliament House roserve, which has for so many years beon a dreary waste, wearisome to tho oye and troublesome to travel over, is about to be trenohed, planted and paths laid out. An adver tisement, which appears in another column, calls for tenders for this work. It would bo well if all the publio reserves wero similarly dealt with. Yesterday's Ballaarat Star says : — ' It appears that we wero in error in stating that Mr Cowan, mining registrar, had tried to ' jump' a piece of ground fronting Lydiard streot for a residence area. Mr Cowan ha3, it appears, permission from tho board of Land and Works to occupy tho ground on certain conditions, but tho fact wa3 unknown to tho officials who ordered tho removal of tho first load of bricks. Mr Cowan is, so far, exonorated, but the quostion still remains how it comes about that ho has got permission to occupy so valuable a site. It would cortainly bo a very dangerous precedont to allow tho right to occupy town land to bo givon in this way, and wo must confess to a feeling of asto nishment at tho laxity of tho board of Land and Works in dealing with the publio property. Tho Western council has, we understand, taken soma action in tho mattor, and we trust that a full inquiry will bo mado.' Tho following cases wero disposed of at the Hotham polico court, yesterday, by Messrs Rad cliffo, Moore and Lloyd. James Stephens, alias Stephenson, a boy of about ten years of age, who had been once convicted of larceny from a shop and twice nnder the Vagrant Act, was now brought up to answer the charge o£ having, on tho previous ?day, taken tho horso of Mr Sprigg, tho secretary of the Acclimatisation Society, out of tho Royal Park, and ridden the samo without tho knowledge or authority of the owner. Ho was sentenced to seven days' imprisonment, and thereafter to be sent to a reformatory for a period of throe years, his father to pay 53 per week for his maintenance therein. James M'Lean, for interfering with a .constable while in tho dischargo of his duty, wa3 ordered to pay a fino of 2s Gd, with tho samo amount as costs. Thomas Robertson, charged by his wife, Elizaboth Stewart Robortson, with threatening to tako her life, was bound over, himself in £10 and one Burety to tho same amount, to keep the peace for a period of throe months'. The same complainant sued the snmo defendant for maintenance, but tho case waa postponed until that day week. Samuel Lancashire was summoned by the borough inspector of nuisances for neglecting to clean his right-of- way, Lancashiro lane. Tho case was heard at considerable length, and tho plaintiff was nonsuited on tho ground that the orough council ought, in aocordanoo with tho pro visions of the Municipal Corporation Act, to have oved the nuisanoe after giving tho necessary notice, nnd then recovered tho expense from tho plaintiff. Another plaint of a similar nature against tho same defendant was postponed until next court day. Several persons wero fined in nominal sums for breaches of municipal bye-laws ; and a number of unimportant small debt cases were also disposed of. , , We have received from Mr W. B. Stephens, book seller, of Collins streot, several of tho plans of the various agricultural areas now proclaimed open for selection. We learn that Mr Stephons has been appointed agont for tho sale of tho maps. Wo learn, from tho Ballaarat Star, that Mr Gib bings' horso and buggy, supposed to havo been cap sized near tho Banner of War Hotel, on the Smythes dalo road, and subsequently stolen, were, on Tuesday evening, found almo3t uninjured in the bush at some distance off tho road. Our contempo rary says : — ' Tho buggy, according to tho state ment of tho finder, was found firmly wedged between two saplings not far from where it was lost, but the horse, though supposed lo havo been exposed for several nights, has been returned to tho owner appa rently as fresh as when it first left tho Btablc. Re wards are sometimes a very efficacious inodo of re covering proporty.' Tho business disposed of at tho Fitzroy polico court, yesterday, was very unimportant. William Crawshaw was ordered to pay 7s damages, withls fino, and 5s costs, ho having brokou certain paneB of glass in tho dwelling of Nathaniel Housely. Peter Holmes, for being drunk when in chargo of his dray, aud using obsceno language, was fined £1, and was also fined Is for not having his name on his dray. Emily M'Lean, a destitute and sickly female, who had been arrested as a vagrant, was discharged. It was understood that an effort would bo mado to obtain admittance for her at tho Abbotsford Refuge. Joseph Williams, John Coffey, and Thomas Slattory wero fined in small amounts for loaving their horses and vchiclos unprotected in tho streets. In tho equity court, yesterday, besides tho grant ing of probatos and tho confirmation of certificates issued by tho Commissioner of Insolvency, tho only matter of consequonco was tho making absoluto of a rulo nisi for tho sequestration of tho estato of Jamos Hawkins Butchart, cordial manufacturer, Mel bourne. Wo aro requosted to Btato that H.M.S. Falcon, now in Hobson's Bay, will be thrown open for publio inspection next week. During tho remainder of this wcok tho ship will bo engaged in coaling and laying in Btores. Tho business of tho Prahran polico court, yester day, consisted of two trivial casos meroly. A boy, about ten yoara of age, named Jamos Jones, charged with using indecent language towards Mary Iiidor, was fined 5u, with -la GI costs. Tho boy's mother was then charged with using threatening languago towards JonaB Rider, and tho charge was substantiated ; but tho boncli, having obtained from her a promise to leave tho neighborhood, postponed tho caso for seven days to onablo her to do so. An inquest was hold ut Hawthorn, yesterday, by tho district coroner, upon tho body of Matilda Himen, who was found dead in a wator-tank beside her houso, on tho 2Gth inst. Deceased was seon alivo by hor daughter about an hour and a half bo foro tho body was found in tho tank. She had been in love spirits lately from family troublos, but had never beon heard to threaton tho commission of suicide. Sho waa nlllictod with fits when much troubled. Hor daughter was at homo all the evening from tho time whon tho deceased was last seen nutil tho body was found, aud was of opinion that no ono could havo placed tho deceased in the position in which witness found her, without her hearing it. Dcceasodwas found lying on hor face at tho bottom of the tank, whero thoro was about four or five inches of water only. A smoothing iron, belonging to the house and weighing botwoen four aud fivo pounds, was attachod to her neok by a ropo. There was a stool placed by tho side of tho tank which would have enabled her to got into it without difficulty. John and Matilda Himen, son and daughter of tho deceased, gavo evidence, and tho caso was then postponed till to-day for tho pur poso of making a post mortem examination of the body. A serious charge of obtaining £1100 by falso pre tences was, yesterday, brought against a man named Richard Tranter. No evidence was, how ever, gono'into, tho caso being remanded until Monday, in order to give tho prisoner an opportu nity of getting up his defence. Tho circumstances of the caso appear to be somewhat singular, tho charge being that Tranter obtained tho Bum of money mentioned from a man in Liverpool, giving him in return an order on a person in this colony to receive a similar amount, stating, at the samo time, that tho person on whom tho order was drawn bad] sufficient fuHds of his, Tranter's, to honor the order. On tho x'rosecutor'a arrival hero, the unfortunato dupe, of courso, found out that he had beon cheated, and went homo again, only to find that tho defendant had left for Australia. On this ho returned, and found that be (defendant) had oven got possession of his watch, which ho had been obliged to pledge, in order to assist in paying bis passage homo. On this a warrant was issued, and the defendant arrested on the chargo of obtaining money by false pretoncos. In tho caso of Cravo r. M'Mullano, manager of the Union Bank of Australia, which was tried in the Castlemaino circuit court, yesterday, beforo Judge Williams and a special jury of four, a quos tion was decided of a nature which rarely comes beforo our law courts. The plaintiff was employed by tho bank to purchase gold for them, and ho had a large number of transactions, the record of which was kept in a book, which he called a ' pasB book,' but which the local bank manager designated a ' gold hook.' According lo tho ontries in this book, the plaintiff made out that thero was a balance of £108 183 4d owing to him ; but tho counsol for tho defence contended that this book did not contain a full account of the plaintiff's transactions with tho bank, and that the balance which ho alleged was duo to him had boen applied to pay off advances which lie had received from tho teller. A good deal of ovidenco was given in support of this statement, tho books kept in tho bank boing produced to prove that tho pass or gold book was incorrect. The jury, however, gave a verdict for tho plaintiff for the full amount claimod. In au interpleader case, Swalling v. Langton, the plaintiff was nonsuited, on the ground that thero was no ovidenco of registration of a bill of salo on which tho plaintiff claimed the possession of certain goods, nor auy verification that tho goods included in tho bill of sale wero tho Eame as those on whioh the plaintiff had exe cuted a writ of fi. fa. The only othor case disposed of was au action of cjectment, Bowyer v. Monior, in which a vordiot was givon for tho plaintiff, damages Is. It ia highly probable, however, that this case may lead to a lengthened equity suit. The plaintiff is mortgagee of certain land in Strangways, on which the defendant is engaged in mining in accordance with an agreement entered into with tho original owner several years ago. Tho ground has now boen taken up by tho Castlomaino Doop Load Company, who, it is nnde .stood, have given pecuniary assistance for the carrying on of tho prosent suit. Tho Scottish historical drama 'Feudal Times' was tho leading piece chosen for representation at tho Royal last evening, and, apart from its merits as a dramatio composition, waa carefally aud meri toriously placed before the audience. The story of the pieco is, however, clumsily contrived, and, as a matter of course, obscurely convoyod to tho hoarors. King James 111., of Scotland (Mr Lawrance), has, in tlio opening scone, just raised to tho earldom of Mar Walter Cochrane, a working mason, but who proves himself, not merely a gallant and accom plished soldier, bat a sagaciou3 and faithful coun cillor. Tho feudal nobles, headed by Lord Angus (Mr Fitzgerald), aro deeply incensed at this eleva tion to power of a plebeian, and in an interview between them tho royal favorite becomes bo exasperated as to chnllengo tho representative of tho houso of Douglas to mortal combat. In tho duel which ensues, Mar unhorses his antogonist, but spores his life, an act of gonerosity which Angus requites by telling liar to hia faco that they are foes, to death. In tho meantime, Scotland ia threatened with an invision by the English, under tho Duke of Albany, and Angus absolutely rofuses to allow his clan to take tho field under tho leadership of Mar. At this period Margaret Randolph delegates, in Angus's presence, her authority over her own re tainera to Mar, and upbraids hor kinsman with his treason. Finally, as the hostile forces aro approach ing each other, Angus throws oft' all disguise, and at tho head of hia men arrests tho King himself, and subsequently offers Mar tho choice of an ignominious death or au espousal of his (/I ngus's ) cause. Margaret, betweon whom and Mar a disclosure of mutual lovo has been, iu the meantime, made, endeavors at first to induco the earl to accedo to tho dishonorable terms ; but Mar rejects thein with scorn, aud up braids his mistress bitterly with having urged him to a courso of action inconsistent with his leyalty. Upon this, Margaret's resolution and devotion, which havo been of the most exalted cha racter in tho earlier portions of the play, revive in all their intensity, and sho, not merely withdraws her previous solicitations, but offers Mar a dagger by means of which to avoid tho ignominy of tho fato with which ho has been threatened by Angus. Mar, however, declines to disposo of his own life, and, rushing from tbo chambor whero this sceno has taken place, aud which is already surrounded by tho armed retainers of Angus, returns almost instantaneously suffering from a mortal wound. Angtii and his men enter direotly afterwards, and, in an impassioned scene which en sues between their leader and Margaret, the latter is accidentally wounded by the former's sword, and falls dead bosido hor iover Mar. Of courso, in a pieco of this kind, thoro is abundant scopo for tho display of heroic virtue in its highest developments and noblo sentiments such as wo rarely encounter even the expression of in common lifo, and both aro vory liberally dispensed. Mrs Heir's Margaret Randolph was all that tho heroino of such a composition could be, combining as she did a more than Spartan matron's patriotism with occasional glimpses of feminino tenderness, which, to us at least, formed tho charm of her impersonation. Tho H alter Cochrane of Mr Heir, though in ono or two of the more highly wrought passag03 tinged with an unpleasant conventionalism, was on tho wholo a spirited and creditable performance. Mr Fitzgerald, as Lord Angus, acquitted himself of a very laborious and ungracious task iu a very meritorious manner. Tho other characters wero all fairly repre sented. On tho fall of tho curtain Mr and Mrs Heir wero loudly called upon, and upon coming forward wore greeted with a hearty round of applause. Tho farce ' Turning the Tables ' brought tho entertainment to a most agrecablo conclusion. Despito tho inclemency of tho weather laBt night Miss Cleveland succoodod in attracting a tolerably full houso at tho Haymarket Theatro to witness hor im personation of Leah. Tho afterpieco was the amusing farco of tho ' Dancing Barber.' To-night Mr Fred. Youngo takes a farowell benefit at this theatre prior to his sailing (on Saturday), on which occasion his professional friends have gathered round him iu groat force, aud offered thoir services to play for hia benefit. Amongst theso may be mentioned Miss Julia Harland, Signer Cutolo and Mr C. Stewart. Miss Cleveland will appear in tho character of 1'eg Woffington, and Mr Youngo in that of James Triplet, tho author and actor. Tho bono fit is undor tho special patronage of his Worship tho Mayor of Molbourno aud a committco of gen tlemen. Thero will, doubtleas, be a largo atton danco on tho occasion of the departure of an actor who has over since his arrival in Australia made himself a favorite by sterling humor and gonnino legitimate acting. 