BROTHER IGNATIUS. Brother Ignatius is engaged in' serious difficulties with his third order. Some have resigned, and others *do not please him, so that the order is in rather a bad way. The Feast of St. Benedict has been celebrated with great pomp in the monastery. The " Mother Abbess," the celebrated Miss Sellon, assisted at the service in her full robes as an abbess, an acolyte bearing her handsome pastoral staff.—On Good Friday morning St. Benedict made special efforts to celebrate the day according to their peculiar views. The chapel was hung with .black, and all light was care fully excluded, although two large candies glimmered gloomily before the altar. After' a few seconds, however, it was apparent that a procession was advancing at a snail's pace through the gloom, and threading its way care fully through a rather numerous and closely packed congregation, principally of the poorer class. The rich baritone voice of Brother Ignatius could be soon detected in the hymn which the procession was singing. When the procession reached the altar a few more candies were lit, and it was then possible to observe that Brother Ignatius wore a cloth of gold vestment on his back, while his head .was covered with the cowl of the order. Among the novelties introduced into the ceremonial on this occasion was . the following:—At the words in the gospel, 14 It is finished," and " He bowed His head and gave up the ghost,1' an attempt was made to portray the lightning aud thunder with the Scripture narratives (thus the reporter) record to have attended the real event. The thunder was - more successful than the lightning, which may be said indeed to have been a mere fiash in the pan ; some of the kitchen utensils would seem, from the nature of the sound evolved, to have been concerned behind the scenes in- the production of the thuncter. At this extraordi nary scene—or rather Attempt at a scenes Brother Ignatius, Mr Ouseley, all the monks, and most of the congregation, prostrated them selves for a few seconds. " . . 