PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. rnrucE OP WALES' OPERA' ITorsE.-Tho patronne; afforded tho Christy's hns been exceedingly good duriuj tho past week, and their efforts havo boen uniform)' well roceivod by the public. Tho manner in whicl Messrs. J. H. Melvyn, L. Braham, and T. Rninfort oxecuto tho various songs sot down for them in thi first part of tho entertainments invariablv receive well merited applause; while tho comicalities of Messrs Norton and Bent enliven tho whole performance. Tin first-named gentleman is nn especial favourito ; bul Mr. Bent is also gradually "making his way" witt tho public, and occasionally exhibits considerable originality. Tho challengo dnnco between him nnd Mr. -Norton is a most amusing afluir, although itt termination might bo mada moro oneotivo. Mr. A, Nish's accompaniments to tho solos arc often exquisite, whilo his solo in tho second part secures great applause upon every repetition. Tho great feat. " Zampillaorosta tion," by Mr. Raynor, is ns ludicrously comical ns could well . bo desired ; and tho figure of tho performer exhibits tho largest amount of, "solo" to tho smallest parcel of flesh over allotted to a'nigger, or "any oder man.'' Tho manner in which his concluding and daring somersault is taken between tlio bars convulses tho midionce, whilo tho disappearauco of tho signior. in midair after hts final bow, if possible increases tho laughter. On Satur tiny night Mr. 'Rainford sang "Tho Desert" with grent effect. Tho bñrlesquo of "Lucretia Borgia'' has lind a very successful run, nnd Mr. Melvyn's singing of tho musio of Gonnro was greatly applauded, ns in- deed wns that of tho gentlemen sustaining tho other ehnraetors, Mr Norton plnying Lucretia in n stylo of comical extravagftnoo not of ton excelled. Mr. Norton as tho' inquisitivo nigger 'who gots in ovory body's woy but his own, followed hy his double itt the dross of "Lord Lovel," nnd addressed as a " skeotor," creates fun enough to satisfy every one. _ To-night a now pro- gramme is announced, containing, two new songs, one for Mr Braham, whose excellent voice and good style are rapidly increasing his popularity, and entitlcd "Viva Australia," and the other a melody composed by Mr. George Loder expressly for the Christy's, to word's by Mr. F. Young, and called, not very originally, " Oh boyhood's days." Mr. J. H. Melvyn will sing, '"' When this cruel wur is over," in which ho is likely to moko n most favourable, impression. Tho second pnrt contains n novolty in tho elinpo of "Tho ghost," expressly rnisod for tho occasion by Mr. H. Raynor, and exhibited for tho first time by Mr. W. II. Boni» A funny scouo, entitled, tho "Itinerant's embraces," tho performances of.Mcssrs. Nish, Bont. Norton, and Rnynor, nnd n duet from tho "Lily of Killarney," hy Messrs. Melvyn and Rninford, is nlso includod in this part, which concludes with tho torriflo feat Zampillaeroatatio.n, . ' ROY AT, VicToitlA THEATRE. -Tho public havo afforded tolcrablo patronago to this hotiso during tho past week, and tho pieces plnyod continues to bo stock dramas of tho sensational class, diversified by light-ropo dancing and farces. Tho characters havo been sup- ported by Messrs. Rayner, Burford, Byers, Miran, Grinello, and Mrs. C. Jones. . A performance was given on Tuesday, evening, in aid of the restoration of St. Mary's, in which Mr. Curtis, a now arrival, sang«ovcral coime songs, to' tho great delight of tho audience. Pablo Fnnquo lins been greatly applauded for his feats on tho tight rope, a compliment only duo to his success in his performance?. 