M QUART TO WN AND TUE SOUTH (From Wednesday's Mcrcurv.) FAEMrrtNfi OIL8TONF. Mr W. It. Kulcoiicr, Director of Public Woiks, has left at ouroliice a miiuII suii^Ib o!' the oil stotiv fioai which jiarafline is now beins maiiuf'ucturfi so extensively in Xcw South Wales. It is very tiimila.- in ^1 lieariince to the l}o^' Head coal ofNmi/i Itritain, and in quality reseinliles the l)y sotlile found on the banks ol t^e Mersey, but it is much rii-her in its ntraeenus anil jiHseous piopertics. It rttmiis liura LiOlo 1 70 gallons of parafnue to the ton, anil 1 7,000 feet ol gas. Oil is being ma'ir.lac ? turccl from it to the extent ot ^,000 iral lons per week, or shortly will be s-o, ami a railway, twenty-five milts iu lenglh, is be ing driven up to it. We should Ije glad to hear of our Dysodilc taintf turned to similar account, if not to the same extent. HJEIOUS ACC1DKNT AT GI.AMOBGAN. A serious accident happened «n SuwJav, 28th instant, to Mr Mnrtin lliekcy, »f Swansea. It appears that Jlr Mickey had been subjisenosj as a witness iu the Sufiivme Court, aj'tiiast a man named Miitlhew lCcoU(-h, charged with committing a lAany and attempting tomunierCoiiftalJc Uircb alt. He was on horsuuack, and was on his wny to llobait Tuwn, in company «'')» Constable Biichall and others, wlicn J'is iioree fell, and he was thrown violently on his head. The accident happened nenr Kelvedou about 11 a.m., and Mr likkey bus been lyinjr :!i a state of insensibility ever since. The cxteut of his injiitits is not yet kijoivu. lady don's performances. Notwithstanding the inclemoncy of the weather last evening there waa a numer ous attendance in the pit and upper circle of tbe Theatre attracted doubtless by the unusual novelties presented in tlie bill offnre, which comprised the domestic drama of 'Leah,' scenes from the 'Cnsllo fcpeetro' and the new burlesque of 'Prince Fiorizel.' Tbe drama of. 'Wi the 1' oi - sakei] ' is an cxtrenu-ly iiiterettins. lll,1(1 touching one, and fully deserving of tuo great popularity which it seems to have acquired wherever it Iiub been presented, although' niiich curtsiiled last evening It ia evidently apiece which appeals slii'iig ly to the sympathies of. the audience and bounds with thrilling dramatic situations of a very scusatioiml cast Lady Don s conception of the lending character ap pears to be a very truthful one, uud _ to the extent of her powers her dclinaiU''U of it calls for the highest praiao. lue other cliaracters wore all creditably bus I !SST-C^at sensation of the oven I fiD'd;9Of course tho introduction 'flue I ing-, We cbnst-tbo invention of 1 ro I ve' l'enper- which created biicli i a I ciSornilX u.d a little time nso. 'Ihe pissp l§apl! 'a ,{ the lime 1 sbt, on a sheet ot piaw 'is Ofcourseriflhe light U im|«r H,no( J» llrtt. «'»ffif,|1*'i£. Pistil Sfih the Xtitmiou of the 'Handsome Husband, for Leah. (From Thursday's Mercury.) The appointment of a junior cleric at o.T!iBsT Co. was made yesterday, the T-:: f jlirie upon Mr. Freeman, jun., C™o the Uev'sir. Freen.au of B.own's Scr. There were twenty lour apph CimtS' LADY DON'S PEBFOBHA.KCES. rMt eveuius a numerous audience pa Joized the performances at. the Theatre S when an attractive bill was pre M Si;,,-r ' The ghost scenes Ji-.hu the £??« repeated very sucoetflully. Lady Don as the 'Prince,' supported by the en ireconiDany. At the conclusion of the SXtta and the bur eye Lady Don obeyed determined cal s by the de M itidiUiiy. and her ladyship. np Xd before the curtain and received Susiiistic tokens of applause, Ihe Si performance of this highly pnpu to company will be given to-in.«jiw Zoning uuder the patrouapi of His fcx Xc^tbe«oven;o, ahepieees^r this evening are 'ihe Contend J-Jcc tion, Castle Spectre, and -Slasher and (From Yesterdny'B Advertiser) W.ECTI0K l'-a --UMBKB-l.*MI. We understand that Mr Sharlmid, jnnr., .hewn of the late member, will l.e noinin ,,ed for the above district Mr. Sihley Lalso been named, hi.t he bus no tlcsnv o^oseMr.ShaDand. ^e telieve ( hat Dr Butler has been requested by a tew electors of the district to allow mngilf to bt put in nomination, h-it lie vul Iibtj no dituce n?ain?t a local candidate-. DEATH OF MRS. BENNKTT, OF O'BRIENS BRIDGE. Our readers will observe, with un feigned regret, the announcement, in our obituary this morning of the death of Mrs. Bennett, (he relict of the late Rev. Mr. Bennett, for many years the incumbent at O'Brien's Bridge. This is indeeed the most lamentable local event it has been for many years our painful duty to re- cord. Only one short month since her res- pected husband was borne to the grave, leaving a numerous family dependent upon the exertions of that widowed mother, already exhausted by the long and expensive illness which proceeded that melancholy event; and now even that support, frail and weak though it might have been, has been by the decrees of an allwise providence removed. GOVERNMENT IIOUSK BALL The Annual Ball given by His Excel lency tbe Governor, in honor ot Her Majesty's Birthday came off hist evening, and may be termed one of the most suc cessful which has been given formally yams vast. The assemblage of ladies and irentlemcn filled the large ball ro;.m, and the greatest harmony nnd good feel - ing prevailed. His Excellency aim . us. Gore Browne shook hrmds with their numerous guests as they arrived, and by the hour of fl.3ll o'clock almost all the company had arrived. There had been upwards of 300 invitations issued, com prising about 8U0 guests. The rooms downstairs were used as refreshment and retiring rooms, and were tastefully laid out without regard to expense. The supper wiis spread in the room np stiira, and comprised the choicest delica cies that the season could produce, pro vided by that Host of Hosts Webb- In deed on no previous occ.-ismn has every thing passed off so pleasantly as at last night's ball. The evening was fine and moonlight, and the carriages drove up to tlie entrance without the ciiniusion that has often times been nolwed mi such occasions. A first-rate quadrille band with Mr. Simpson as its lender occupied tkc gallery. 