GAWLER. [Correspondent.] May 4. An entertainment was given in the Oddfellows' Hall, Gawler, last evening, by members of the Gawler Musical Society. At the hour appointed for com- <*> mencement the large room was well filled with a ? respectable audience. Mr. Duffield took the ohair s ; and opened the proceedings with a short speech, J stating the object of the meeting, when he said the Gawler Musical Society had always been ready to 1 give their assistance to other Societies fa the town > when entertainments were got up; and this was the first entertainment got up by themselves, and great kindnea? was shown by them in this instance, for half of the proceeds were to go towards the Storekeepers' Assistants' Association of Gawler—an Association which has secured, through the kind* ness of the employers, the early closing movement, so that these young men can now have the evening for improvement. The programme, which consisted of music, interspersed with a few recitations, was then commenced by Messrs. Wright, Livesay, and Fusel, giving the "Chough and Crow" the Society joining the chorus; " Arm, South Austra lians, Arm," by Mr. Benson, with chorus, next, when Dr. Nottgave tiie " Last Man" (Campbell) ; solo and quintette, "Oh gently breathe," by Mr. Livesay; followed by the Musical Society giving the " Hunts man's Chorus." Mr. Benson recited " Lenore," by Poe; when Messrs. Saint aud Livesay sang the pretty duett, " Flow on thou shining river." Mr. Roberts followed with Hood's " Song of the Shirty" which brought down an encore, and be then gave the "Bridge of Sighs" in excellent style. The first part was brought to a conclusion by the Gawler Musical Society giving the chorus, " Foresters sound the cheerful horn." After interval of 15 minutes, the second part commenced with "Hail, smiling morn," by the Gawler Musical Society; Mr. Saint followed with " Come where my love ties dreaming." Dr. Not* gave the recitation of Dr. Mackay "On water and wine drinking," aud Umpire's reply, which was encored, when the Doctor gave the " Wan dering Minstrel." A trij, " Fair Mora decks," was then given 'by Messrs. Wright, Saint, and Filsel; solo and chorus, "Toll the bell,'' by Mr. Benson ' followed; when Mr. Livesay recited the "Fruiter's ' Ghost." A duet followed by Messrs. Saint and Fusel, " Voices of the night" Mr. Boberts then ' recited Tennyson's " Light Brigade," which drew j forth another encore, when he gave another fine piece. The chorus " Here in cool grot," by the ' Musical Society, was the last piece. Mr. J. S. Bains- • ford was the conductor, and most ably presided at ' the piano. The Bev. Canon Coombs in a neat speech ] on behalf of the Storekeepers' Assistants of Gawler, thanked the Gawler Musical Class for their great \ assistance, and also the . company for their attendance on this occasion. Mr. B. L. Grundy most '' ably seconded, and it was carried nem. con. Mr. ' Thomas Lindon returned thanks. Mr. H. E. Bright, * M.P., proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman, Mr. Duffield. Mr. Bdson seconded. The vote was - unanimous. Mr. Duffield returned, thanks. The j National Anthem closed the proceedings, and taking into consideration the entertainment was by amateurs, f and mostly by working men, it was quite a success. ! Mr. Ashton's second evening's entertainment here was, notwithstanding a thoroughly rainy afternoon, ] well attended, the performances affording great satis faction. Mr. Ashton remarked, that in all his jonrneyings throughout the Australias he has * nowhere met with better adapted accommodation and } attention than in Gawler. j 