THE LADY DON PERFORMANCES. The Thuntre on Saturday afternoon was attended by it ftiltloM^e »uawm» W yittnau foe lut of"tha mid-day performances. The pieces performed were the burlesque of Prince Amiable," and the historical extravaganza of " Kenilworth." "We have so often noticed tbe last piece Ibst any further remarks would b? Miperfluous. Lady Don was, called before the curtain at llie conclusion of eju-h piece. This week will see the Close of the seiason at the. Theatre &oya;!. and Lady Don has, during*, seven week's reason achieved a succeestbat no other comoany lias evtr rflftliped in [fobart Town. Bad as the times are, tbe talent tbat Lady Don has succeeded in getting together, and the admirable tact which has characterisoi the management of Mr &. X>. Wilton, have kept up tbe enthusiasm of the Hobart Town public throughout. Lady Don is a favorite wherever she makes her appearance, hut especially so in Hobart Town, where a feeling of sympathy for the bereavement she suffered this city was created at tbe time, and which bcr own kindly feeling—evinced on several occasions—lias mrde permanent. Lady Don has never spared any expense in placing tbe numerous and varied pieces on the stage; and, in ber endeavors to place before tbe public realiy artistic effects, she bas been well supported by the mem* bers of her Company. A London Theatre could not wish a cleverer artist than Mr Fry, the scenic artist, to whom the citizens are indebted for a knowledge of what can be done by the clever manipulations of the brush on the scenes of a theatre. Mr Wallace, the machinist, must have rendered invaluable assistance, judging from the cxcel'ent tffuct produced ia the different burlesques; aud Mr Ward, who has charge of the properties, must have had au arduous time of it in preparing the tiumeruns gorgeous costumes at differ* cnt times preseuted on the stage. The musical portion of the burlesques have been arranged by Mr Salomons, the pianisi, and Mr Hill, the leader of the orchestra, which though not numerically strong bus furnished such IUUB'IC as is seldom heard jit the Hobart Town Theatre. Mr Ilill is about the best violinist we have heard in Hobart Town, Mr Salomon's execution on the piano bas been repeatedly spoken of in terms of high praise by the frequenters of the theatre, our own tuwnsmi<n Mons tiagliardi played the flute and his abilities are t>o well known here that any remark is ncedlefs. The Uowson family, who accompany Lady 'Ion, commenced their career in the colonies in Hobart Town some twenty years ago. aud Mr F. Ilowfcon was then an established favorite, which his career since has fully justified, and he has now afforded his Hobart Town admirers the pleasure of witnessing the performance o r his two charming daughters. Tbe Miss Howsons were in Hobart Town some few years back, and even then they were highly spoken of, but the practice and study they iiave^since had has produced a marked effect on their, style of acting. Miss Emma Uowson plays her parts with great correctness, and her pleasing physique aud lady-like manner, added lo her sweet voice, will make her a favorite wherever she goes. The younger sister. Miss Clclia Hawson is, if anything, die greatest favorite with the audience in Hobart Town; this young lady has a very happy knack of introducing into her parts an amount of tspicgle, which carries the audience with her. Both these young ladies have very pleasing voices, and from the habit of playing su much tugether their aicting throughout their parts is remarkably smooth. Miss Shepparde is new to the Hotiurc Town stage, but litis fully justified Lady Don's discernment in engaging her. She is always correct in her Hcting, and lady like in all her movements; and her handsome person especially fits her for tho stvle of chara:ters allotted to her (viz. fairies, &c;). Mrs Crosby is evidently a tavoritc of Lady Don's, and is remarkably pleasing in ber performance of her parts. The numerous lady auxiliaries have done no little to add to the general effect of tbe different burlesques and extravaganzas, and the amount of labor bestowed ou the tuition of the Forty Thieves by Lady Don ui^st have called for a large amount of patience and tact. The gentlemeu forming the male portion of Lidy Don's company constitute the smaller portion of it, as from the character of the pieces^ which are the peculiar Joite ot Lady Don's Company, ladies are more essential than males, and Lady Don herself fills so admirably the principal male characters in the burlesques and extravaganzas that she cau well dispense with a large number of gentlemen. We have already noticed Mr Frank liowson, who takes all the musical male characters. The 20 years that have elapsed since we first heard him have not deteriorated from his fine bass voice, and although lie of course looks a little oi ler, yet the same vivacity and energy are still displayed by him as when we first heard him siug" Jolly Nose" in Jack Sh.'ppard. Mr ltogera, who takes the comic parts in the different pieees, is so well known in Tasmania that a few words will suffice for him,—all has beeu said that can be said, no more truly comic actor ever appeared on a colonial stage, and Hobart Town may well be proud of bim, as this was the scene of his first efforts in his particular line. Mr Rogers lias with iliill his daughter, us yet very young, but promising under Mr Roger's tuition to take a by no means minor pirt on the stage. Mr B.irtk-tt, in addition.'.,to his arduous duties of .Stage Manager, takes tt very prominent position as an Rctor in genteel comedy; and from the very neat manner in which .he plays all his characters lias become a decided favorite here. We think, however, iiis best performances are in ns Cool ns a Cucumber," and"Not a Bid Judge," the latter especially. Mr ll&sker; is a most useful member of tbe Company, aud although not one of the stars, irould be much missed. This, the last week of the Company's perforniaoecs here, will be signalised ny an exhibition never before attempted in this colony, and now exciting tbe greatest attention at home, viz, the appearance of a ghost on the stage. The illusion will be conducted by Mr r'ry. This exhibition has drawn tlie largest houses ever seen'at the London theatres. On Monday next the Company perform at Liuiv ees'nti, iind « are informed that this is tbe last visit of Lidy Don lo our Tasmanian shores. Sliojld sutsh prove lo be the case, we can only say that we never shall see Iter like again, and wish ber success wherever she goes. THE MAGNESIUM LIGUT—We had on Friday last an opportunity of personally witnessing the eficcts of this beatitifut light. A small portion of magnesium wire was placed at our disposal tiy Mr Soinner, and itsefieet tried in the large composing r-toni of the !'Advertiser'office. In this room there are usually about thirty gas jets burning. These were all ex tinguished during the ignition <'f the magnesium wire. It effectually lighted up the large rooui, enabling the whole of our ext-nsive staff to work as easily us they could in daylight. It is a very pale white light, but one of intense brilliancy, and we feel no doubt but that as soon as the marvels of chemistry cheapen its production it will be universally used. Mr Soniner has left a small portion of each su/t of the wiri! at our nfilcu for the inspection of those who may be curious in such matters, lie has had so many applications for llie wire that he has determine d to plaec the whole oE his stock at the disposal of lli« public. 