SAILORS AND SHIPS. I. The history of the art of navigation is so intim- ately connected with that of mankind, it would be impertinent in us to attempt anything more than some quiet reflection on various of the most distinguished seamen and their ships, their mental characteristics and actions. If we err the magnitude and mystery of the subject must be our excuse, for the story of how man first began to conquer the ocean cannot lack inspiration, and too many mighty names are connected with the progress of that conquest not to afford an almost infinite amount of both instruction and amusement. But above all, we should wish to be able to point out to the youth of our own time how much has been accomplished on the ocean by very inadequate means through courage and determination. In all human life the same result has been found ; how often have we seen, do we see, the young man starting on the voyage of life with the hopes of friends, the wealth of relations, good education, and a kindly heart, like a gaily- bannered ship, "youth at the prow and pleasure at the helm," after his first flourishing offset, gradually so battered by tempest and mismanaged by passion, until at last, in some severer storm, he founders out of sight in the depths of forgetfulness that sweep over penury, madness, or suicide ? Whilst the poorly-equipped but skilfully- handled bark of some steady, earnest beginner of the world weathers every gale, and beats round every cape of misfortune which lowers athwart its course, until at length emerging from wintry seas and howling skies, it swings to its anchor in some sheltered haven of genial calm and contented rest. Oh ! those sad ship- wrecks of life — far sadder in their heartbreak- ing grief and dismay than the most appalling disaster which ever swept a fleet from the face of the waters. In like manner all of us, so intimately are we connected with the ocean in this land, can bring to mind how many a proud ship has left us, or attempted to reach our coasts in vain. At our very threshold we have accidents to remember that make us shudder, whilst we daily see poor wretched craft, utterly dissi- pated and dismantled-looking, plodding on from year's end to year's end, apparently bearing a charmed life, and at last find- ing a final resting-place in the oven of some baker. So extraordinarily does this fate of ships bear a resemblance to good or bad fortune in men, that seamen in all ages have been impressed by it, and in by-gone times amongst the more superstitious — a class nearly unknown in these days — a ship had a destiny, and her good and bad luck were believed in as firmly as the First Empire did in the star of Napoleon. Indeed without being very super- stitious it almost looked like reality. We have one such vessel in our memory now. The last time we saw her was just before quietly and uncomplainingly she sank like an overburdened and foundered horse into the soft mud of Hob- son's Bay. The first time we ever heard of her was many years ago, when the shadow of the East India Company was still on the sea, then she was very old ; and during her long life of calm and tempest her name turns up ever and anon in the pages of Horsburg through the dim avenue of seventy years. Ofttimes we have wandered through her cockroach-smelling 'tween decks and mouldy moth-eaten cuddy thinking how many fair ladies and gallant gentlemen its wooden walls had contained. In the dreary routine of passage after passage to India what a diversity of hopes raised and shattered, fears, loves, hates, tumultuous joy, and bitter dismal affliction had raged, smiled, wept, and laughed therein. Why, it was like gazing into the grave of an army, sad- dening beyond measure, for though the ship was there still doing duty if only as a coal-hulk they that had been her living freight were scattered to the four winds of heaven, and at least two-thirds of them, in the common course of nature as dust. Was there ever a more melancholy pic- ture than Turner's "Old Temeraire" going to be broken up. What man of British blood could look on the storm-beaten and battle- battered hull of the renowned three-decker without a shiver of pity at such an aged and unconquered warrior being led to the slaughter- house of the dockyard ! It seemed like sacri- lege, and doubtless many a stout heart grew sore at the sight which had never fluttered 'mid smoke and flame between her decks. We can also recollect a long while ago, so long we feel ashamed to think of it, when doing our part at an oar in Simon's Bay, how we pulled alongside of a very odd-looking brig — her copper, green as grass, seemed as old as herself and she looked a perfect Methusaleh, a cramped coffin-shaped thing that no respectable man of these times, unless he had gone without a breakfast for some days, would put his foot on board of. Well, we pulled gently under her bows and the rust-eaten water-washed cable she hung by as the boathook clanked against it, seemed a link between the present and the long psat. All of us peeped timidly over the covering board — bulwarks there were none — to have a look at this desolate looking piece of his- torcal interest, for such she was, and of no slight interest either, for we knew her to be all that remained of an old gun-brig called the Badger, the first vessel ever Horatio Nelson commanded. There she lay silent, no sign of life about her, such a mournful realisation of decay and death, with the slight flop-flop of the ripple against her bends washing out the long thick rank grass from the water-line, that had the ghost of the sleepless Admiral himself stepped from the ghostly companion we could hardly have been more chilled than by that long glimpse we took of her sepulchral deck. All became very quiet and thoughtful, and one at least pulled away with very strange memories re- garding the boy in the thorpe of Norfolk, when with that earnest, far-seeing face of his he dreamed of honour, victory, and an early grave. And now that we have spoken so much about antique ships, waifs of the ocean cast aside when their work is done to rot and perish ; let us turn to those who ventured in olden times to see the wonders of the mighty deep. Brave, thought the Roman poet, braver or madder than the common run of humanity must he have been who first tempted with himself and his goods, the hunger of the treacherous and insatiable sea. And although the sentiment is only one of a timid and luxurious bard, yet we have often thought — and likely enough will have to do so again — that so far as madness is implied, the dictum is anything but false. There seems little cause to doubt that, firstly, necessity, then barter or commerce, next war, and lastly curiosity, or the love of knowledge, is the order in which we naturally may rank the feelings that actuated man in his desires to have dealings with and make use of the world of waters around him. That any one one nation or tribe of men first became known as seamen is vain to inquire,— forf, doubtless, the knowledge of the art of navigation was very timid, very gradual, and at the same time very general amongst those nigh water. But of those who soonest showed a complete superiority in nautical matters we are well assured by the histories of the cities of Tyre and Sidon, and of their still greater descendant Carthage. The Chinese in their own corner of the earth, and especially if their assertion concerning their discovery of the qua- lities of the magnetised needle is true, were likely enough ahead of the Phœnicians in theo- retical navigation, but the secrets of their secluded empire have been so faithfully kept that all men agree in holding the latter people as the fathers of maritime industry and political power. Much romance has been written of their fabled discoveries in the Atlantic. The island of Plato's dream probably took its rise from tales he had heard of the exploration of Phœnician sailors, thus giving to fiction one of its glittering creations, to be realised in after ages by a seaman more skilful and daring than ever Tyre and Sidon sent forth. But consider- ing the means at their disposal, it is impossible not to admire the enterprise of these great centres of ancient naval power. That their ships visited Britain is universally admitted, and in fact established a trade with her southern shores. But how far their discoveries reached westward, or along the coast of Africa, is a fact completely buried among the slumbers of things unknown. It is quite possible that penetrating towards the south some bolder adventurer may have been drawn into the range of the trades, and running in despair before the wind reached at length the coast of America ; but to follow any such idea is but to speculate in the wildest manner. All therefore that is definitely known of ancient maritime affairs may be said to be comprised in the navigation of the Mediter- ranean, with the exception of the voyage of Nicanor, the admiral of Alexander the Great, who took his fleet from the Indus to the Persian Gulf. The splendid genius of the Greek and the matchless military energy of the Roman both seemed at fault, and dealing with unsuitable matter in the science of navigation and ship -building. There is less to wonder at in this, when we consider that "they knew no compass save when the pole-star shone," and this knowledge being the very foundation stone of the sailor's art, their ignorance and apathy in the matter is easily accounted for. This discovery once achieved, mathematicians of that date would soon have supplied the means of finding a path across the unknown sea, and the talent that hewed living forms out of dead marble would in another direction have easily modelled a fitter and more sightly vessel for the purpose, than any which Columbus or De Gama had. But the greateit stoppage to ancient naval knowledge lay in the Pagan religion, with its numerous rites ; and the horror experienced by its votaries as to being lost at sea, where their bodies would find an unburied grave, threw a chill over the boldest of either Macedonian phalanx or Roman legion. This was an obstacle that could neither be conquered by deep thinking philosopher nor eminent ship- builder, but only by interposition from heaven, and that gradually came to pass after the star of Christianity rose in the East, shedding wisdom among the nations. Therefore, as century after century passes on, the scene is shifted from the smiling waters and crystal skies of the Mediterranean to fierce green seas and tempest beaten coasts ; and to a race of seamen as fierce, tempestuous, and also as merciless as any sea or wind, the terrible Vikings of the North, whose trade was piracy and pastime bloodshed. The Phœnician in his commercial galley, the luxurious Greek, and the stately and lordly Roman, all had some softening influence on mankind by their nautical adventures. But the furious and hea- then rovers of the Northern seas turned the whole of their ability in seamanship to wholesale devastation and massacre. Never before, or since, and for so long a time did a more ruthless race of invaders vex with fire and slaughter the unhappy coasts of any neighbouring land. But as Christianity spread amongst them their ravages became less frequent and hideous, though the spirit of the Rover was too strong to be quenched ; with dauntless resolution they still sallied out in their frail barks to cross the dark wintry depths of the Northern seas, and after, without doubt finding and planting a colony in Iceland, laid claim to a far higher but more apocryphal honour in the discovery of New- foundland. As before in speaking of more ancient times it is possible some stray vessel may have found its way across the intervening waters, and may have returned to the Orkneys or Shetland, and spread the report of a far Western land ; but had such been the case, the story of their sufferings would probably have deterred any future rash attempt for at least a lapse of time. But the greatest benefit which this formidable race ever rendered — unwit- tingly it is true — to civilisation and the comfort of mankind was in grafting on the shores of Britain a portion of their own resistless energy which has at length been matured in the character of the modern British sailor. It is not yet our purpose to speak of him, for before he came to the meridian the ocean had been swept by many masters, and great as he is and may plume himself on being, yet many and skilful and sublimely daring were those who went before him. Amongst the very foremost of those, as all the world knows, stands the great Genoese, the father of modern seamanship — the discoverer of America, and the first who noticed the variation of the needle. It is quite impossible for any one at present living to realise the amount of intellect required to originate, and of courage to conduct, such an expedition as that which, to any practical intent and purpose, first crossed the Western wave. The long dull agony of hope deferred in having his proposals so neglected, together with the dreariness of poverty, would have broken the heart of any common great man — but his was of sterner stuff. The very personification of a maritime leader — or, more commonly speaking, of a ship- master — all the qualities of his mind seem to have been great in that direction. His mere nautical knowledge was, as we are informed, far in advance of the ordinary range of that day. Then his self-reliance must have been un- bounded when we consider the peculiar difficul- ties he had to encounter. The nature of his crews, for instance, must have caused him, bold as he may have been, no small uneasiness. The fiery characters of the Spanish nobles and sol- diers — too proud to work and too ignorant to appreciate — must have made a strange mixture with the lower orders of his men — no doubt raked in a great measure from among condemned galley-slaves and gaol birds, glad to get rid of a miserable existence in a miserable manner — for no doubt such was the general opinion as re garded the fate of the expedition. (To be continued.) Talk of fame and romance — all the glory and ad- venture in the world are not worth one hour of domestic bliss. 