WEST MAITLAND, [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] THE WEATHER AND THE CROPS.—After a long con- tinuance of light rains the weather has at last changed, and it is now quite fine. There were two or three good frosts previous to the rains, which, in the opinion of many old farmers, were of themselves sufficient to take the sting out of "rust" in its inception; for of its actual existence we have, so far, had no evidence this year. The wheat crops look remarkably healthy, much so that some of the settlers are even now pre- paring their ground for more sowing. The high price of seed has operated much against extensive wheat sowing, owing to the depressed condition of the agricultural interest, but there are, nevertheless, good patches of wheat about Mount Vincent, Cessnock, Rosebrook, Anambah, Hillsborough, and Bolwarra. The yield of maize this year was not so heavy as was anticipated, and the late crop will not be a good one. It is to be hoped that the price of maize will not decline much in the Sydney market, for that product is now the mainstay of the farmers, who have had to contend against floods, rust in wheat, and low prices for a long time past. The farmers have gene- rally made up their minds to this being, throughout, what is called one of the "old" seasons—i.e., one with a fair proportion of sunshine to rain ; and they, conse- quently, take more cheerful views of their future pros- pects. You have already been informed that the potatoes do not look well. Other crops are encouraging. MUNICIPAL IMPROVEMENTS.—Most of the streets which run parallel to High-street have been greatly improved under the directions of the Muni- cipal Council, and afford a striking contrast in favour of local supervision, as compared with High-street, which is under the control of the Public Works department. It has been the desire of the municipal body to take charge of High-street (which is the principal street of the town, and part of the Great Northern Road), but the terms hitherto offered by the Government for the transference of the trust have not been considered sufficiently liberal, so that matters remain in their old state. The inhabitants of West Maitland have reason to congratu- late themselves on their possessing a recognised public body like the municipal council to look after their local affairs. It was the desire of many of the resi- dents of Oakhampton, Louth Park, Dagworth, and other adjacent localities, to become annexed to the muni- pality, with the intention of draining their lands and affecting other improvements, and they petitioned the Colonial Secretary accordingly ; but a counter petition, more numerously signed, was afterwards got up and presented, and although it is alleged that the latter petition contains the names of unqualified persons numerous enough to reduce it lower than the original qualified names, it is out of the power of the Govern- ment to deal with the matter, in consequence of the imperfections of the Municipalities Act. Some of your many readers might take up this subject and enlighten the parties concerned on the law, or the practice of the authorities. Your correspondent opines, that in cases in which it is clear that the petitioner does not reside within the proposed boundaries, and has no qualifica- tion as a landowner, it is quite competent for the Gov- ernment to exclude, his name from the list of petitioners, but that in cases of alleged personation, judicial proceed- ings are necessary. There has been some " tall" talk in the municipal council anent the construction of waterworks, and also about the desirability of obtaining market yards. The good people of West Maitland are not quite such amphibious animals as Sydney Punch would make out, but we admit there are many things more pressingly required at present in this community than waterworks. The time will, however, ere many years pass away, come, when it would pay the council to erect waterworks on a moderate scale. Water is now obtained from the river through the works of Mr. Duke and Mr. Yondale, both of whom appear to do a fair business, even in wet weather. What will Punch say to this ? The market yards project is more likely to take root. I believe it is contemplated to take the yards of Joseph Eckford, Esq., M.P., of Campbell's Hill, and to give him compensation. Mr. Eckford's yards are well established, do a good business, and are in every way admirably suited for the purpose in- tended. They would doubtless yield a handsome income to the municipality under a judicious scale of charges and proper management. Tu»; NMUMB BUIUUNO SOCIETY.-From nil I caii hoar of tho Maitland Building Socioty, I am led to boliove that it is prospering, lt was rosolvod, at a special general meoting of tho shareholders, a little moro than a month > ago, - to limit tho issue- of shuros to fivo hundred, and to -allow a month for applications to bo lodged for the shares under that number undisposed of, prc fcrcuco being given to tho applications of the thon shareholders. I understand that tho hoard of directors met this week, ond found thoy had about seventy mora shares applied for than thoy had power to allot. Some neat buildings aro being erectod by shareholders, and thora can bo vory little doubt that tho influence of tho sooioty will bo beneficial. THE SCHOOL OF AKTS-Your lender on tho now modo of carrying on tho dobatcs of tho Sohool of Arts ia encouraging to tho promoters. Tho ntlondonco ut tho last mooting of the class was remarkably Humorous and tho debato excited unusual interest Tho subject was on tho desirability of establishing provincial coun- cils. Tho discusrion was adjourned at about ten o'clock for a fortnight Tho council argued in tho affirmative. Tho leador of tho now council mndo tho usual explana- tion at tho opening of " tho business," of the policy of tho cabinet, and announced that measures would bo brought in for abolishing capital punishment, anil also for dealing with tho public finance». He also said thnt his only object in taking office waa " to clo good for tho country." Tho lendor of tho opposition said Hint ho should offer no fnotious opposition to the measures of tho council, hut contended that tho lato council had boen ousted from ofllco unconstitutionally and by sur priso, and that it had ovor possessed tho confidenco of tho class. This was of courso denied with ns much warmth as if the wolfaro of tho country dopendod upon tho composition of tho council. Tho hall, library, and rooms of tho School of Arts_ havo boon painted and tho windows frosted latoly, whioh has given a very much improvod appearance to tho interior of tho building, DISTRICT Cotnrr.-Tho District Court Bluings aro drawing their slow longth along under tho-prosidoncy of Mr. Justice Purofoy. Thora aro no cases of much interest hoing tried. Tho barristers prcsont aro Messrs. Forster, Ellis, and Simpson. Another Maitland correspondent writes as follows : Juno 10th.-In my last communication I mentioned tho fnot that many of our local politicians wero much displeased with tho conduct of the present Administra- tion »ince, thoy havo resumed office. Such displeasure, instead of being on tho decrease, is on tho increase. Tho moro ono tinnies of tho gross inconsistency of Mr, Cowper and his party, tho moro does it excito ono's disgust I seo by your issuo ot Thursdny last that Mr. Buchanan mada a torriblo onslaught against tho Min- istry on tho occasion of tho Stamp Duties Bill heine road a third timo, nnd richly thoy deserved it. "With all Buchanan's faults (if thoy aro so numerous as some malro out), his fonrloss and mnnly conduct, and his stinging invectives, lnunclnxl against political ronogados, cannot but find admirers. I havo several times heard his speech, as reported in tho lîmpiro of Thursday last, spoken of in flowing terms by tho libornla ot thia town. Nor nm I ashamed to aver that thoro is much-very much-in this "ultra democrat," thia "low abusivo radical," ns ho ÍB some- times stylod, that I myself admiro. His conduct, for e.tnmplo, towards tho Cowpor Ministry is worthy of all praise. Did not Mr. Cowpor, when in Opposition, call tho lato Ministry ovorythiiuî but gcntlomon and mon of ability ; mid for what? "Why, for pursuing tho very samo " Imo of policy" that this wonther-cock himself is now pursuing. Tho argument, that tho present state of tho finances justifies such a flagrant sacrifico of principio, is only bunkum, mid will nevor Ënss currant with tho rofloctivo man, bo ho rich or poor. ¡ut admitting that tho prcsont Ministry aro doing what they aro doing with tho solo viow to rectify and adjust tho tl un neos of tho colony, is not that tho precise difll oulty thnt tho Martin administration lind to deal with ? It certainty appoars lo mo to tw so j yot wo find thnt when Mr. Hagar introduced, what somehow resembled a protcctivo tariff, this samo . " Slippery Chorley" op- posed it ? with all his might and main, and rnisod, through tho longth and breadth ot tho country, tho cry of freo Irado nnd open porli". And now, only n few months Inter, tho Bamo inconsistent and trcuchcrous politician, comos down lo this Assembly, with mea- sures quito ns crude, and ovon moro protcctivo thnn tho moaBuros introduood by Mr. Marlin and bia collongucs. I do roost fully ngreo with Mr. Buohanan, thnt if over n Government deservod to bo ousted from office, tho prcsont incompetent and vacillating Government de- serves that fnto. How honorable mombcrs ran seo differently and tamoly_ submit to bo led by tho nose, I cannot! imagino. I'ooplo at n distanca soom to bo nblo to form no other conclusion than flint Cowper in tho only man who cnn govern tho colony, l'erlinnn Mi*. Cnwnor ndonLi nnd acta tnmn ihn fnmnna I motto ot Wnsliíngtou " Exoilus nota probat." (AMVBUKUÍP».- Placarda intimating tiret- th« Christ/ Minstrels and Grace Egerton aro coming, aro to be seen all over the town. To tho latter X om, I think, premiso a good reception, but the tenner,1 nm vory much afraid, after so much Ethiopian tninetrtley as wa hare had of lato, will not bo very extensively {patronised, especially when it is remembered that thcy have visitod AVest Maitland before. .. -- NEW BUILDINOS.-A number of elegant and sub stantial buildings aro now in course of erection in ÀYVsJ-^ Maitland.'' Several of them aro rapidly approaching completion, most conspicuous among which is tho house of John Leo and Co., which, when finished, will bo really a splendid piece of architecture, and a great \ ornament to the town. It is expected to be complet"* ' in abont two months, but I question if it will bo habitable by that time. HAUNTED HOUSES. -? Several very cxtoaordfnary ghost stories aro current in town just now. I hopo tc-. bo able tosend you full partícula! s in a day or two. 