Sauce for the Gander. A GENTLEMAN, who dates his communication from Pentridge, informs us that he is glad to find by the papers—which he is permitted to peruse—that a more philosophical. principle seems to have been adopted in general ethics since he first became an inmate of ttat public institution. His own removal thither was entirely owing to the practical enforcement of certain prejudices, concerning which mankind have long been in dispute. He simply appropriated to his own use a sum of money which had been placed in his hands as security for the performance of a contract, into the particulars of which it is not necessary for him to. enter. When applied to for the return of this sum, he candidly confessed that it had in some way become absorbed, he could not distinctly say how, and that it was impossible for him to return it. His frankness, he regrets to say, was improperly appreciated. Twelve ill-conditioned, pig- headed, and unphilosophical persons declared that " the money ought not to have been so absorbed, arid - another pig-headed individual in horsehair and ermine, concurring with this mistaken estimate of his character, consigned him to a prolonged residence in the institution where now he is residing. Conscious of his own virtue, however, he relied upon the future to justify his. character, and has therefore read with unmixed satisfaction the following paragraph in the Balla/rat Star:— \- Zt appears that tlie Government exchequer has a faculty of absorption of au incurable nature in some instances. The Buninyongsliire Council -lately applied to the Government for the refunding of certain deposits paid by miners. as security for the non-injury of roads in race-making. The reply to the Council's application set forth that the deposits had merged long since into the general revenue, and cannot therefore be now paid over. After this, our correspondent hopes—and very justly—that Mr. HIGINBOTHAM will at once permit him to quit his present quarters. Which is the best mode of raising a ghost?—Plucking up a spirit. What is the most obnoxious act of a harness-maker f—Saddling a customer with a debt. 