SPIRITUALISM!".* Theirs is an audacity wbich almost rises to heroism. It might have betn assumed lhat any person known as in connection with the Davenport imposture ' would have found it most prudent thenceforward to bold his peace in this oountry, and to relire into the obsonrity wbi^h is the fit resort of those who erode, tectad. But here is Dr. Nichols again, who, having made capita), it would seem, by. recounting the feats, of those .conscientious joung gentlemen, now serves up their ghostly counsellor and showman in a publication which, if such a thirg cou^d be, ia more astounding than its predecessor. No reason- ing can avail, weare well aware, with the fab- ricators of i rash such as this ; the only sound method of dealing with thrm being to allow the authors to expose themselves. It appears that the Bev. Jesse Baboook Fergu- son and his family- had long driven a thriving trade in marvels-some of them to tho point of working miracles. It appears, too, that this greatness was thrust on them. It was the - desire of Mr. Ferguson's heart (herself a most active member of the firm) " that no one of her children should be called on to bear the. reproaches of mediumBhip before an ignortnt and prejudiced people." Yet thig-was how their favontito little daughter broke out, into practice while on a visit to the Merri weathers' : " These persons averred that my li tie daughter," standing in the centre of the drawing-room, in the presence of eight or .ten members of the family,;came under a deep and strange spell, "wbich im- parted a beaming expression to her conmen-, ance, and gave a womanly self-possession to her manner-that Bbe ordered a clean tea-oup and silver spoon. When brought, she sub- jected each to the sorutiny of every individu*! present, and' required eaob- to examine'and pronounce them clean. Then selecting'Miss King (o Bland by ber side, she resumed her place in the centre of the room, and in gleeful spirits commenced stirring the spoon in the vacant cup. All ol this seemed meaningless enough, and ihe joined them io their playful remarks respecting it ; all the time, however, f xhibhing a < manner: ¡clearly not, her.own.. Suddonly, she claimed ? to be acting under the . direction! of an "invisible, chemist, once the ' head of this family and deDe'ased'some ten'years, and, on Indian ¡ chieftain; and required, as with authority, that all remain unmoved in their places ; and said, that a power of spirit over form would bo presented, such as no ope, present had ever 'witnessed.' ' 8he 'continued the' stirring of the spoon in the cup, and again subjected" it ! to the observation of,each' one present ¡ then returning td the centre of the, room,' in what J i they.,supposed wa*: about fivs. minutes,' sha presented the ' cup jwith over a ' tea- spoonful of' an ' ointment, . d*rk "in colour, 'arid''' distinctly' odordua " all " Over the room, with which she anointed the face of tho gentleman of the house.-; He was suffering ? from neuralgia,'and professed to have received immediate relief, the then de m onded to see every patient on the planta- tion, young./and o)d ;(ipra negro family, of over one: hundred souls), 'for each'of whom she prescribed. «B if,with a fuji knowledge of thear't ôf'me'diç'ne. . ', Among "the number' was a"lad of fourteen, who in some..encounter lind dislocated his arm at thé shoulder joint. '' They 'were c-n'-lha >? eve of, .sending rfor; the family,surgeon, odistance'of''.'six. milos, whn shere pl aced, ¿he ) dislocated' arm, bound it and fastened it. securely/ to V the :bodyV with professional-skill^'and was then re'ieved from tho spell or trance in.which she >bad',,abted, .with eyer'y,evideace; that she knew not,! save!in some indefinito vagueness of im- pression, of anjthibg that-had occurred since sbe.çamo fijst into the, drawmg¿room.'', \Ve aro tempted" by 'the 'expériences. bf, Lucy L. Winchester, with her; haunted room, which 'nocperaoni'? for over'three years ever entered who did not reçoive, some evidencö pf ßptrit . jpowerj" 'and" tb. i^hich'1,^men arid women, of fashion; and men, arid; womcp of. poverty's.! : lowliest .vale reaorted.'rVi Some of:tbis ' lady's -prose and verse'is'printed in the appehdix to -this volume. :. Einbt - lines/will' show' that '«« the Eyo bf the Dark Band " lias, its own peculiar views of rhyme and reason : * Saprnmunila.no 3?itotB in the Lifo of Rev. Jtsso Bnbcork Furguson, A.M., Ii.T/.D., including Twenty Y i m-H* Oliscrvali m ot' Prnttirnntiinit- Phenomena. Iviito,! |..v T, I. Nie' .. LO. . I'l'L.un). A woman's beauteous form, , : ? ' :An image of the morn }.??.." StaHda piotured to my raptured sight, ' ' Iteposo hag found within hèr'heart < . I I . An Edon resting-plaoo ; . , ,: , , For Buffering's purifying,art, . Hath passion's mark erased I ; , ?Mrp.'Lucy L. .must have kept queerly ill! rate' company ; ' but the. ¿pin s, so far as ;know them by "their trading friend», superior to the mnndariä 'vanities, of gramo and versification. Even "John of the Funne whd'adviS' S the 'Davenports what to do wi they are found out, does not appear to b pfersori of much breeding I or experience, Dr.: Nichols is to be trusted.--" On I evening of. February 28,1865, I received telegram from Dr. Ferguson, asking to como ; to room 120, GreBt AVeatern Hoi Paddington. 1 took n oah, found bim ot i place appointed, rn! heard.1 from him.' account of the riot ut Leeds the night befo The,two Davenports, and Mr. Fay atnie ie the room, but the latter being soon retir. An English gentleman of ¡property, residing the bote', interested in a scientific exámii tion of thephenomena attending the brothe was also present. . When the matter oft IÍO;B andi outrages at Liverpool, Hnddersfk'l and L;ods; had been: discussed, and we b consulted on the, -steps' proper ti be taken view pf so violent an opp sition, the brothel Ira aid William, proposed that'John*-t name,, by which they designate wh seems to be the chief of thé i visible intelligences attending them should, be invited to take' part the council. The conditions necessary lo i oral converse with the invisible 'John' we darkness and a speaking trumpet-born tube of pasteboard-in ehor>, a small, liai tube. The 'gentleman shove mentions whom I will designate ns Mn X., volunteer! to go in search of suah an instrument.'' 1 hi3 absence ' the window was darkened, an the, fire in the'grate extinguished. ' He r turned with the only thing of the kind 1 could find, a'common tin funnel. ThiB ws placed upon a small tablo. The two brother Ira and William, sat on each side, Mr. 3 reclined upon a couch, abd Mr, Ferguson an I sat fronting the brotbers some six feet di tant. The door had been locked and tl light was extinguished. ,. . The light.ha not' been extinguished twenty seconds woe the tin funnel was heard to rattle on tb table, and a voice, at . first coarse an indiaiinot, came from it, Mr. Ferguso said that ho was touched several times, bo', with the funnel and what appeared to be tb hand of some person, and two large so floger ends, as they seemed to me, wer pressed deliberately upon the back of m hand. Then commenced a conversado between the voice and Mr. Ferguson, ' an sometimes Ira. Tho voice was formed in: th funnel, for i's metal ii ring could.be distil £uished, but it seemed to be formed not a the sm ill end, but where it'begins to broaden The words - wore well formed and cka't articulated, but as if. by organs Bomewbs thick and soft, a little like those pi a fa person orú, negro. Sta'ements were made questions answered, and advice given I do not oare to report the words. . . This voie?, then, was 'that of no pewoi I had ever seen. It was that of a plain, soi: sible, common man, rather below tbe midd I class in culture, but earnest, and, if on>i c ul 80'pronounce from' a. voice, honest. If, th room being dark, and tbe door, unlocked, stranger had entered and spoken in tho sam way, I should have considered bim a plain practical, oarncBt, well-meaning man, wh« might be a master mechanic, mariner, or mai of business, ia any similar occupations.", Dr Ferguson' and his party* being..,Vready, ti bloome Shakers, if Shakerism could establish tho divinity of ita origin, ' paid a visit o observation tb a settlement, aome pirticu'at of .which! may bo given,' as awful enougl to malie other than the Sh<>k. ra shake: - '* On the 17'h of' Jun-, Mr Champion, Mr W.". D. Merriwoathor . (¡he geotlemai whose' hospitality we wore enjoying,) Mist Frarice3 King, my idaugh'er Virginia anc myself, were taken to the orchard and woods where-, -the' following evidences pf .spirit presence, wore given. 7, Miss King, Virginia, and Mr. Champion were seated, as was after war-a > observed, . so as to form- the points o! an ;èqnitarerai j triangle, while each.'seemed deeply entrauped. , ..Lnpjessire and.interest- ing addresses , were, made .by etch, calculated to awaken the spiritual nature and aspiration of ali '( men:; ' *t leafff^! sb' X .ealjeerri^a.tbe'rp; We were; then' carried, tpjhë Wpbds'near by., where the,' mediums again formed, itheir, triangle, and 'knelt insolemn prayer;1 1 hey changed their;positioh and called roe tb them, I w'fts.'rí'q'íejfltoU.'tó' kneel wiidi Ithem ; i.e., with . MiBS, ,Kipg .;and : Mr« Champion, who were : deeply - .entranced, i I" did BO. Theo i 'speaking-'-'/in.. the . inosc measured and,,, diredt! terms,1 I, wis as,tfe pledge myself,,^beneath the unobstrucetl dome of heaven, near .to. tba silent treas as divine witnesses to take both medianas; undei a care jh^t would prove patemu'in,any.'trial; and.they'assured maia, severe,.onp was, before them, Mrs.! JForgUEon, and . myself." I could not irnàginè-wbat the proceeding menpi ; -but .s both in jj juot^ob able' ; w as required ; 1 g-Wi theVpledge. 'J^ , and ,1 nevor witnoiaed a more solemn,seen!.:". Mrs. Fcrgus'óni'who' did' not - make1; one1 of ":the Triangle, 1 hhd','.from..ibo ;fi rs (,?,''a j nation:,!ha» thei-bju^ness,, wóiiid prove" à bailóin, ¡..^¡TUe Shakors did their beEt to.inveigle the trian- gular porty.by singing and dancing to them, and''ohä pf' therp.' " a stout,, athlcitic cari o' youíh/u^iri^^ £$»mphjt», they ccmmauced.a regu,ocIndian danae, which was kept up for some -.minutes,"interspersed i with ; song ' arid convqriatiori, ^ ; in1'an [ unlmöv«'h^','to^ \ ever, was, not v itb nbo, pacified . .by. ,.his. lively . partner. " With au air of authority.he.de I mnpded, i'Where-ia'Clarissa? ,-. .-We;muati8ee I Clarissa I'" i-Clarissa proved a'sick-and blind I woman , who\hnd r.been. iii ' tré'àteds ' lt w i evident tha't¡wpfse; rejtniino'dlibutiin.'di an'd jllio I Triangle wasiresolvod. to shaw .the evil eloora I up.isä conVebeda meetings for Hho purpose : I " Mr."'0.t'waS aj¡áin''entroncer|, whèn varibun I deafetf pïionsÛ^ I andjiaaspchiléi. of jbér.agija,^ I preterit were-given, aoknómedgqd» 'andi -grate* I fully; 'th'opgb'ö'jmewhat -'fearfully recognised, I Mr,%Ç,^'h^^ I whiohihe Said,ibero,werdifour. ,i[)With.aluioBt é breathlèas infèrest they heard'him-'defsoribo I the'^eremqW^ fe but"wbe# ; Äo ^foej»0 |t9\^ufl','í¿urih ; tb'.ero"ívos I. ' ";.£,;"'.;.";,?, r.,; .."-.{... /.. ~matfife"Bt'*^âëâtf^ much rñüt teringi among ¡the mora"' prominen members. The medium proceeded. , Hi d-jscribid n arrangé and secret ceremony. Hi spoke of hirnsélf-as' being carried through t suhl er ranean passage till he came to a door Í Shall I opeó 'ithat door?' demon led'he' in tones i of i authority! ^irresistible. 'Consterna tion seemed toi Beizé ¡ one or two of the'oom pany, but:deothliko eilencö prevailed; 'One Uss wise than the others s«id, ' We know nm what thee means by a'door,'which' ls not e door.' 'It ts a vault,' said- tho mepium ; " du youvknotf what' that means'? ; Sha'I1 ' I enter ii ?' he istéroly, coLtinueri ;'J < for here is tba Which siokens the soul, and blights the faires' flowers of immortel ¡planting.'" The Shak r. shook on i hearing of the vault; and' were ri . solved to be ridiof .these inconvenient meddlers and'medinms. i They tried as follows. The itálica rire oura :-¡ft When a farewell warning ' hud.bean delivered, tho elders approached rou and: asked ¿the! privilege of engaging in their usual worship. Of course1 we had no right to object, and were, curious to witness it. I was at once informed privately by Mr. Cham- pion 'that their' o^jéet was to magni-tise onr \ mediums,: and that aa - thf.y were the most expert magnétisera in the world, thoy would ; succeed if we'were .not. very'' careful; 'and. if ; they did succeed, the mon disastrous results would follow. .' .While -.their : benches' were being removed,'our little company, by spiri* direotion, was formed into iii usual triangle, my seat being pl.ced a little, in advance ot t'l towards the Assembly. In regular'flies of two, (onr, and six abreast,- the who!e nssèm 'bly. was ; soön forra'edi.; witli a: few in1 the joentro to lead in the, singing, when, by flinging, marching,' (dancing, i, aod a .constant gesticulation ' of the. hand, . the i wh^la 'company would pass by - us wi h an effortito concentrate all theîr.msgnetic power upon us. By every, efiort they sought to change our position, and bring .'us dato ho centre of the room, : but they failed; ' They laboured in this, way for aifull boar, and I never felt suchten amount of electrical or vi's' magnetical influences in any assembly of any kind. (But, strange to sty, und aim-ist incre- dible' to. believe, whenever they proach our little band, Miss ¡King, a fine delicate lady.oftivenly-fio!, who made the apex of the triangle, uith one wave of her' hand would send that .whole compatit/ reeling tank wards to the opposite ? wall. ? , They at leti&tu.; becatnei wearied wit)i their efforts; and proposed an j adjournment.. We io ired, but when we had reached J our.room, il found oat mediums, who ;liad. manifested such immense power when,under spiritual influence, feeble as puling infan's, perfectly < exhausted, i and requiring my unremitting care 'or the whole night and the next ddy aud. night. Mr. Champion had not. tasted food in the viii ige, ; nor for \sevei\ days ¡ preceding, ? lmigino iriy condition-I wm,;uot say anxiety, dor ho* could I be anxious under suob evidences o' supreme power as had been given to us iu word uni deed that day ? lOur ¡shakorí fri-nd-i -i. e., thoir leaders-slept nöfc ¡They' wero offioioiis in their kindnee?. Women anil men . came to nur. rooms, and; at each ¡visit, úndür pretended spiritual influence, sought to/ma^ neâio'our mediums. They often succeeded im miking them deaihly stok..:They1broughtthe' k«y of the vault:Mr. ,'ùhirnpion described',- andi adugbt by some superstitious.' use ol it 'o obliterate the memory of;'what beilud .spiritu- ally a. en.' In,little and' trouble! conversations fhtíy gathered all'day, and :for.-; two nights; but could agree upon :.co pinn. . ('libby s,uggvs'.ed brandy us necessary for Mr. Cham pion's feeble condition, bm when they sen*. i'¡ it was found to be drugged with a view to his farther prostration.. :'f hoy sentitheir hes mediums into dur, room, wiihalview to induce UB to join themj hut they hedirae 'Spiritually, affwt -A by ihi; sud co'ndttibu.of: tho : '"'Secret or Holy Older,"- Cn tlioimorting öfithe third day we were able to< lejvè, arid did. so, much' to the .relief of all concerned.". Surely n<> reader o»n demand fur lier, s ibslaniiitiou !of tho severest ephiihets whi,h can be. applied toa book like this. Even tho plo» ot'.iinfjer^ .feet sanity .can'hardly be acQtpted in rnitigK ion. , We' oldse ' it with sorrow, strongly flavoured With' disgust-as though we ht'td^ witnessed a religioua service " cropped and: mowed " through by apes uuoloau. -Allic The village of Jloctrónd Savor, has been nlmosl I totally dostrovo-l by firej caused bj thb imprudence ol allowing a child to get at samp luolfer matches.. Thi j building hoing thfttobrd, the fiamos spread willi ex' treme ' rapidity « and. in a short limo 37 houses and 24 barns wore entirely consumed. 'A woman lost hor HIV in ,an attempt'to savo eome of her property. ' PnoDDCE OF TAXES.; -Tho 'productiveness bf taxes yearby year indicatis the.'.wealth, and trade of tlu conntry. Retnrns jnst'.isStitd ' far ' tho financial yost ending with 'March, 1365;'presst\t ilia following state« mont-) of tho'net producá of taxes in tho'Inland Re- comió Dopartmout.'7-On probates of willi; adrniuistra. lions, l0!rucit>s; 'anl snccesdo; B, '£3,819 154, an' ¡nert ase of, £125,922 over tho previous year ; ,on' inhabited hoU.»03 £9!C,80G,'nn increase of £18,582; on BolVuhie £211,544, ¡in inoreaso of £2414; on dogs £210,320, ahiincrdSfiO of £4000 , ctn billa of oxchaugo £709,30!), an inoroiso of £105,191 ; inland revenue of penn1/ stamp on receipts, drafts, iso.) £5 > ',2.TO, an increiisb'bl £23,054 ; on railways' £439,3^2, an 'increase' ol tJESS.7'07'; ou gold and si vcr p'ato jC6S;3u4j in increase of >:2799 . 'on armorial bearings' £01,498, sin incroass of £1317."' , ' ' ' : ! Lorin CrrnsiEnFiEtD's Win..-Tl o celebrated Lord Chesterfield's will contains this prelude: -" Satiated ? with ' tho pompous follies' if tlds Hie, of which I'lia'vo hadan uno»ntnon share, I would have nb posthumous ones dispUyod at my fu'noral, nnd'tlioroforo deliro to bo Inin'od iu tho next tiuryinir-nlsco to;tho iplaoe1 wlicro I t-b'all die, und limit tho whole expenso of my funeral to £100;" Shortly nfccr'ooraes ,tho following claueo : - ''Tho sovoral dev'sés and' bequests bomnbof ro nnil : hereinafter erivon bj mo to amt in 'favour of my said ' 'godson, 1'hilip Stanhope,'shall bo'eubjcot to tho con- dition and restrlot'on heteinaftor mcntlorioil ; that ia to : 'Bar,' that' in casu hu said > godson,' Philip Bturihbpc ' 'chalí at nriy tinio lioroaf .er koop¿'or bo concerned in tho keeping of any1 racbborpo or rdoohorsos, or patik " or pa-.k* «f hounds,: or resido', onè' hight at Wdwrnarkbt;' that 'infamons'isominiry. bf ^'iniquity:'aud'ilUmanuerii, during tho cdnrso of tue races tberoj br shalt resort to' th o' said1 races, or shall IOBO ? in any ono . day 'Vit i-aHy'1 tamo' or "'bet! '? whatsoever 'Ibo 'sum' of-fiiOO, tlicö' und i|n any of thélca'ses aforesaid,1 it1 , is toy o.-cprofa'wIlPthat ho, my skidgodèon,'shall fbi full anil pay ont of'thy osUtO1 tho sumed £ff000, 'to »nd for ,, tbs tub bftho "Dean and Oh.iptor of Westminster/'for ovory sualt offener or imiadomeanont- aa ia above spool» > , .Qed, to'be ree'overdd ' by"áotion ? lbndobt in any ot iior Majesty's oottrtBiof record ab Wostmin'stor."'''Tlioiwill' entails asimilar poiulty on1 tho lotting bf Ohedtbrfiu'ld' Hiiu o.' > Tho present Lord' GhosterKeld; who lg son of I tho man on-wlioni those .''liabilities 'wére'iraposed/hns -, .certainly let Oh'oíterfiólJ H JUSU,' and'lins; lwb will vbiv ' , tnro to sayi''pttS8ed'!«oino "night'«' lot1 tho" infamous. seminary of iulnulty'énd iilt < m innbl-8." 'His auoastbr i vcstcd! ho "iuulotlbn bf'tho ponnlty in tho revorond ,. Ji'alulS'ofUliè 'Déan: and Chapter, to .ma lt by a'sort of .. ^artblandart 'hi-i'soníaof! thb'gr&spiup; spirit'ho óon ', Adored'they hud evin'cb'i in 1 tliolci dda:.ings' wlth him' ,reípóotinff (lid land bn' wliich II!B hou1«'wa*'bnl t, mid .to fellow whatn'ri^rld ¿xaoúion'of thé hetniillr iuinoxod ho Tai>ricipi..od fiom Buoli »h»tp praotUiorujrs. -fraser V .h.. i ' ' . ?????????? ' ; 