CROOKED RIVER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT} Mount Pleasant 2nd February. The news of the week is more of a commer- cial than of mining importance. The whole question is where will you build ; and houses are being pulled down and premises erected (I think that is a better word than house) with the aspiring thought that Mount Pleasant will yet be a great and important township There is only one obstacle in the way and that is a very little one, but remarkably annoying. The ob- stacle mentioned consists of a district surveyor who has been forwarded here (or rather sent sky high) for the purpose of establishing some uni formity and regularity in the streets of our embryo mountain metropolis. There can be no doubt that his services are much required, and that the inhabitants on the hill are in need of an independent referee to lay off their blocks with anything like system. Now, Mr. Wilmot happens to be the said district surveyor, and I by no means envy him his billet, for, as I have stated before, the " old hands" took so little precaution to provide for wide streets, or, in other words, kept so close together in the time of the snow, in order to keep one another warm, that they cannot hear to be parted without a civil growl. The consequence is that one party, sticking to his original pegs like a true and in dependent Briton, erects an unsightly structure directly opposite the door of a large and impos ing hotel in one street, whilst a similar process is carried on in another. It is easy in such a case to see that Mr. Wilmot, in trying to cut off little corners here and there, for the purpose of ac accomplishing perhaps a comparatively decent survey, is obliged to come into contact with the community of discontents. I shall, however, give him the credit of being a remarkably patient gentleman - even the renowned, Patrick Leahey cannot put him out of temper. If how ever there is no fault to be found with the district surveyor, I am afraid there is something. sadly deficient in his theodolite. It cannot cer- tainly be properly adjusted, for the angle ap parently taken one day appears to change two or three days after, at least, the street pegs are stated to have been altered at least three times in a fortnight; and I am informed that one im. portant store built under his special direction as within the line of street, was again ordered to be removed about eight feet further back, in order to suit a second angle. I am particularly fond of uniformity and I have not the slightest objection to the district surveyor laying people on to good allotments, or rather giving them away to important characters, but I certainly will say that I like to see the snow- bound chief- tains of the mountains inconvenienced as little as possible, and trust that any collision which may occur between the surveyor and the people will be attributed to the instrument, not to the man. Following the alteration of the streets, are the accidents attendant thereto. Happily, none of them proved fatal. With the exception of the destruction of and the almost com- plete annihilation of a baker's oven, all other things escaped. The soong of "Woodman spare that tree" is now becoming even more popular than that of " the Stratford ghost." although I believe that veritable "ghost''. is here. The principal excitement amongst,the unoccupied of the community is that of watching the stately monarchs of the forest fall to the ground, with the eager desire that they may crush some newly-erected mansion in their fall. On Monday evening the class I have mentioned. obtained infinite satisfaction. Peter White's new hotel, the Albion, was within a hair's breadth of being levelled with the ground; Fortunately, however, for him and his com pany only the corner of the verandah of the new house wasn injured, and the old store, with its contents, crashed in by the falling of a tree from behind. About ten minutes after another monster fell right over a baker's shop, and utterly demolished the building The great consolation was that the loaves in the oven at the time were saved. It is reported that the carpenters and sawyers about the hill have got up a company to cut down trees at random, so as to benefit their trade, but I cannot believe it The fete of the week was the opening of Tim Sullivan's Alpine Hotel, with a free ball and supper. The affair came off on last Friday night. and was a decided success. The ball-room was attended by the gentler-sex, who softened the wild and highland tempers of the men of Mount Pleasant. I am informed that Miss Quinlan was the belle de bal." All pased off quietly and 'to the infinite atisfaction of iall present. The: only accident was that our own, whilst display ing his skill on the light fantastic sprained his ankle. I believe the proceeds were pretty handsome. It is a singular circumstance that none of the publicans' licenses applied for on Mount Pleasant appear, from the Gippsland Times, to have been granted. There must be some mistake unexplained. With regard to reefing, I have the singular foot' to announce that nt a. single prospecting claithisn li eest registered this week. The Union macitine will he at work in aloiut two weeks, and thit will tell a tale. ' Mr. Hutchison.a nd' sme of yoir Sale people htve been paying' us a visit, but did tot remain long.- , i : Mr. Short, on arriving on Monday, simply; states that payable alluvial has been found about fourteen miles above the Pioneer Reef. on the' Wongongarra River, and that he and his party, are about to turn the river at thi spot. Reefs ire rnmtored to exist in the s nme loc.lity. The 'presint mail. arnaigements are not exictly mntisfaetnry., The tintmes in too short between the arrival" of t.he mail here and its depa:rture for the Crooked River; the conse quience is that both the Crooked River mail anil' the.letters f!r delivery' on the' hill have to he sorted at oie tinto. Over 700 letters anti papers occupy Mr. Holme some time in arranging, and the peoplee ot.side get a little' discontentedl. There were no in.trubtions received this post regadling the hi.weekly mail. Perhaps you 'know more abnot it in Sale. I an; jist 'nw .coiisidi?inig'why no eeclesia. stica'gentleman hasyet aild its a-visit. -I know many who would he glhIl.t io ing' that'anthem " Heir heantiful upon bthe' niontairi, It it appears that the shepherds tnke little thought for the l.imhs th t are sittteredl on the hills Never mind, we ca?t look down from ourelevated position on our nmouters. : 