LONGEVITY. A discussion has lately been carried on iu the London papers, which has an interest for all persons who care about living. No one, according to Sir George Cornewall Lewis, ever lived to the age of a hundred ; or, as we should rather say, no one can be shown by sufficient legal proof to have reached that age. There is nothing, one would nave thought, specially irritating about this statement, whether well- founded or not It seems, however, to rankle in the minds pf a good many respectable anti quaries. As soon as the question is acci dentally raised, the supporters of human longevity swarin to its defence ' with a zeal second only to the theological A gentle man writing to the Times complains bit terly of the present age, as being at once absurdly credulous in somc things, and ab surdly incredulous in others. People, he says indignantly, arc ready to believe that Hichard III. was a respectable character, and yet they won't believe that one Jen kins lived to be 109. Without concerning ourselves to defend, iu all points, au age which believes in spirit-rapping, we think this attack upon it very unfair. It is plain that, if we assume perfect equality between the evidence in favour of tlie villainy of Richard III. and the evidence to establish the extraordinary age of Jenkins, we shall not therefore believe in the two facts with the same intensity. It was once, perhaps, quite in character for an uncle in the highest classes to murder his infant nephews and conceal them in a hole behind the stairs. That line of conduct might even be so intrinsically probable, a priori, that we should believe it until the uncle's innocence was proved. But, on the other hand, it was characteristic that people should accuse Hichard of smothering his young friends, and should believe the accusation causelessly. The antecedent probabilities are about equal, and we may be reasonably swayed either way by a slight weight of evideuce. On the very strongest hypo thesis there always remains a possibility that Richard was a misunderstood but vir tuous character, for somc admixture of falsehood in the authorities is a certainty, though the proportions of the mixture are doubtful. But no one can say that the probabilities arc not . enormously great against Old Parr having lived to 152, or Jenkins to 1G9. There is some limit ot be lief at which our minds, however elastic, cease to yield to almost auy evidence. If Jenkins's age had been put at 9G9 instead of 1 GO, no one would accept the story though the evidence was infinitely stronger. It is indeed rather amusing to oljservo the extreme faintuess of the ground on which our frith in Jenkins is demanded. Some vague gcutleinau, going to sec Jenkins, meets a mau over a hundred, whom he congratulates on his apparent vigour in extreme old age. ' Ah, sir, it's my father that you want to see,' exclaims Jenkins, junior. The picturesque intervention of this superfluous centenarian seems to have made the foHune of the story. The corro borating circumstances — such as the old men who had always considered Jenkins an old man from their early youth, and Jenkins's own recollections of Flodden Field — are the mere commonplace of such stories. The gentlemen who ask us to be believe this tale produce a kind of evidence which might adequately prove that John Smith was the Son of William . Smith in the 'seventeenth century, if there was no evidence to the contrary. But it is hardly enough to generate conviction in a state ment which is next door to miraculous. There is no fixed limit to human life, but human life therefore is not of au arbitrary length. A man eight feet high is a rarity and a giant ; a man eighty feet high is a fiction. No one can mention the exact dis tance beyond which a rifle can throw a ball, but we may be pretty certain no rifle ever yet threw a ball ten miles. It follows that, as a first step, we must cast aside the dis cussion of these traditionary old gentlemen until we have decided what is the dead weight of scientific scepticism to ? be met by evidence. By observing the actual length of life of annuitants, incumbents, and other persons, the length of whose days is an object not meruly of scientific but of real curiosity, we may arrive at some mea sure of the improbability of considerable deviations from tho ordinary standard. At least we may seek for statements sufficiently modern to admit of verification. It is wonderful what a crop of centenarians springs up at the first cursory examination of modern records. If we look through the old numbers of the Annual Regitter, deaths of persons above one hundred are recorded everg yoar. People seem to have been in the habit of dying at all unreason able ages, and in various remote purts of Europe-^-Poland, Calabria, or Norway — and having their deaths duly reoorded in the papers of the. period. Iu 17C8 alone, three deaths are reoorded at tho respectable ages of 117, 138, and 150. In 17G1 an ancient couple are reported to have died in Philadelphia; (Quakers are proverbially long-lived, aud always speak tho truth), the husband at the age of 120j and the wife at' the a,ge of 115, haying been married fcr 98 years. ' We are told of seme labo rious German who collected considerably more than a thousand cases of persons living upwards of a hundred/ Of these, fifteen had died between the ages of 130 and 140, six between J4Q and 1(30, and one (onr old friend Jenkins, we presume), at 169, It is remarkable that people who live to this incredib,le extent generally, dp it in out-of-the-way cquutry parishes^ ' A hundred years ago many English country districts plight etill be considered as par tially discovered districts. As the dqmain of the unknown recedes, the centenarians be come suspiciously scaroc. They vanish like the photnix, the snapping turtle, or the sea serpent, before the approach of civilization. In modem years, we remarkthat a consider able proportion of the cases of extreme old age, as of the apparitions of sea- serpents, are recorded by American witnesses. It may be used in argument as to the condi tion of negro slaves that they are frequently quoted as living for super-human periods. We read of slaves who have been one hundred and twenty years in one family ; they have generally belonged to General Washington, whose venerable nurse was one of Barnum's most brilliant triumphs. Either slaves find their lives singularly healthy, or, as the sceptical may allege, their intellects are not clear enough to pre serve accurate records of time. There is the same prima facie presumption against all these cases that there is against ghosts. They have an extraordinary faculty for appearing in places where they cannot be too closely investigated. They swarm in every direction just beyond your grasp. A few years ago there were plenty of cases ; but the witnesses are dead and buried, and the records are lost In remote districts where registers have never been properly kept, or in new countries where the population has bacn incessantly changing, they continue to abound. ' If you trust to the evidence of ignorant minds, yori will get' plenty of living specimens who will claim to be any age. ' ~ In proportion as we demand rigid proof, the proof becomes shadowy and un satisfactory. Incumbents of livings, strange as the statement may appear to fellows of colleges, never live to the age' of a hundred. Annutauts, notwithstanding their proverbial vitality, always die-ofL Iu tjwns where .£10 a year ih paid to a I:\rge number of the oldust inhabitants, not even the oldest inhabitant has succeeded iu passing the century. Among statesmen, bishops, and the public characters who : ought to live long, if purple and fine liueu arc conducive to long life, 110 example - ' has been produced. Of the cases cited .ri with most confidence, many rest upon the authority of tombstones, the assumption ? :\ apparently being that the other parts of au \ ._» epitaph are always so strictly true that the ; ? age is not likely to be falsified. 13ut, of \ C couisa, if an old gentleman stated before \\\'£. his death that he was one hundred and !'»' ten, aud enjoyed the- kind of celebrity ;-:f whieh the mere fact of living confers in a : _'. country village, his executors would hardly h ', omit from his tombstone what was probably ff], his chief aim to be remembered. It is ;VH pointed out, besides, that owing to the- ;j5j perversity and blunders of masons, even *U, epitaphs are not invariably consistent with I W themselves. In one case it appears, by * |H' comparison of dates, that a gentleman ||tt must have died thirty years before tho fj|J birth of his wife ; and, in another, that an s»;Jf old lady said to be 192 at her death ||li cannot have married till sue was past one |« hundred. It might be supposed that *t? an educated man should know his own. *it* age, were it not that the process by which ||| a fiction gradually imposes upon its author jt.4 is only too familiar with every one who i|^ likes to tell a stoiy. To believe your own i|j| lies is the first step iu tho art of lying, !f^ gracefully. A certain respectable Dissent- 'fiji ing minister used to draw crowded houses- jjp by announcing that he would preach at the |* age of more than 100. He corroborated sj his statements by a lively account of a. jj? battle in which he had. won distinction in j|j his youth. When the old genUamen died,, jp aged 107, in the odour of sanctity, it ap- Jj pcared, by examining a register, that tshc || battle had been fought before his birth.. 3 The evidence for such cases caunot b& !|? sufficiently weighed till a proper allowance [|i has been deducted for enormous lying. . j|j When an old man's brain is growing . |r gradually bewildered, it would be hard to- it- grudge him the harmless gratification of jp spinning incredible yarns. We should |jj listen to him patiently, and assume him to- |j I have passed through adventures enough to | ) to fill several successive transmigrations* I, j We need. not. be too incredulous if he pro- jj | fosses to have been at the storming of « Quebec or the battle of Culloden. But we- r | need not afterwards accept his statements . , 1 as evidence of anything but imaginative ; fj power. We utterly disbelieve in Jenkins. . ?. j We have our doubts even about that old j] Countess of Desmond, ' who lived to the i] age of one hundred and ten, and died by a :|P fall from a cherry tree then.' Putting Ms aside these extreme cases, it seems more . jjj probable that people may have sometimes- -«| overlept the bound of the century by some . 'three or four years. CaBes have been pro- .; j duced in which the evidence for an age of. i 103 or 104 seems tolerably conclusive- ; \ Indeed, one venerable old kdy appears to have convinced Sir George Lewis that she , had succeeded, not only in living to 10^ t but in cracking nuts with her teeth after- . ? ; , wards. Her birth was recorded iu the -'! , register of a neighbouring pariah, and jf there seems to have been no reasonable if ground for denying her identity. It is a IS' pity that the experiment should not be; ft tried. Philosophers have submitted to- B: breed nests of disgusting habits iu their 1 1 own flesh with a view to investigating our 1 1 natural history. Devotees of science have 1 » submitted to martyrdoms in the shape of diseases, discomfort, and torment of every kind. Why should not some oue of a ; healthy constitution place Liniself in the most favourable circumstances, aud see how long he can manage to live? It ' ? : would no doubt be rather dull, but tho I results obtained would be valuable. When I we see the vitality that remains in Lord 1 Brougham or our noble Premier, after all |!t the wear and tear of exciting lives, we can jp hardly doubt that, if they had given their s| minds to it, they might have reached a Ijj fabulous length of years. Scientific men I should endeavour to catch a young Lord [ Brougham ; they should prevent him from | over-exciting himself; they should care- 1 fully keep him out of Parliament and t away from the bar, and endeavour to con- ; % ceutrate his whole faculties upou the one % objcot of O'Hitinuing to exist We believe i that the lifo of such a man might be to I others what the prize turnips shown in \ plotorial advertisements is to the turnip of 1 common life. la course of time we should I possibly learn ~h,ow to acquire a faculty ] which is often desired, though some people || may think its advantage questionable. — | Saturday Review. ? -....- b 