THE SUOWMAVS COURTSHIP. ' TIIAUE was many affectiii ties which made 1 me hanker artcr Betsy Jane. Her father's farm jined our'n ; their cows and our'n squencht their thust at the same spring; our old marcs both had stars in their forreds; the measles broke out in1 both1 famerlies at nearly the same period ; our patients (Betsy's and mine) slept reglarly every Sunday in the eame meetin house, and the nabers used to obsarve,".How thick the "Wards and Peaslcys air! " It was a surblime site, in tho Spring of the year, to : see our sevral mothers (Betty's and mine) with their gowns pin'd up so thay could'nt sile 'em, effecshun itly Bilin sope together & aboozin - the nabers. Altho I hankerd intensely arter the objeck of my aifecshuns, I darsunt tell her of the fires which was rajin in my manly Buzzum. I'd try to do it but my tung would . kerwol lup up agin the roof of my mowth & stick thar, like deth to a diseast African or a country postmaster to his offiss, while my hart whanged agin my ribs like an old fashioned wheat Flale agin a barn door. 'JFwas a carm stiH'nite in Joon. All na ter was husht and nary zeffer disturbed the sercen silens. I sot with Betsy Jane on the fense of her father's pastur. We'd been rompin threw the woods, lcullin flours & drivin the woodchuck from his Nativ Lair (so to speak) with long sticks. Wall we sot thar on the fense, a swingin our feet two and fro, blushin as red as the Baldinsville skool house when it was fust painted, and lobkin Tory simple, I make no doubt. My left aim was ockepied in ballinsun myself on the fense, while my rite was woundid luvinly round her waste. I cleared my throat and trcmblinly scd, " Betsy you're a Gazelle." . I thought that air was putty fine. I waitid to see what effeck it would hav upon her. It evidently didn't'fetch her, for she* up and sed, " " You're a sheep ! " Sez I, " Betsy, I think very muchly, of you." .; , . " I don't b'leeve a word you say-so there now cum ! " with which obsarvashun sho hitched away from mo.: " I wish thar was winders to my Sole," scd I, "so that you: could see some of my feelins. There's fire enuff in here," sed I, strikin my buzzum with my fist, "to bile ail the corn beef and turnips in the naber hood. . Vesoovius and the Critter ain't a circumstans!" , . She bowd her hed down and commenst chawin the atrings to her sun bonnet, : "Ar could you know the sleeplis nites I worry threw with on your account, how Tittles has seized to bo attractive to me & how my lims shrunk up, you would'nt dowt' me. Gase on this wast in form and these 'ere sunken checks " ? . : I should have continnercd on in this strain probly for sum time, but unfortnitly I lost my ballunsc and fell over into tho pastur ker smash, tearin my close and seveer- i ly damagin myself ginerally. Betsy Jane sprung to my assistance in dubble quick time and dragged me 4th. 'l'hen drawin herself up to her full bite she sed: ?? v .'"I won't listen to-your noncents no longer. Jes say rite scrate out what you're drivin at. If you mean gettin-hitched, I'M IS!" I considered that air enuft' for all practic al purpusses, and we proceeded immejitly to the parson's & was mado 1 that very nite. * . * * * * # Tve parst threw many^ tryin ordeels sins then, but Betsy Jane has been tro as steel. By attendin strickly to bizniss I've amarsed a: hansum Pittance. No man j on this foot-stool can rise & get, up <fc say I know inly injered no man or wimmin folks, while all agree that my Show is ckalled by few and oxceld by none, embracin as it does a wonderful colleckshun of livin wild Beests , of Pray, snaix in grate profushun, a endliss variety of life-siz? wax figgers, and the :6nly traned kangaroo in'Ameriky-tho most amoozin littlocuss ever introjuccd to a diB criminatin public.-?Id.rlemvs 'TFard -}hii. book. ' * * .: : TILTON, tho impulsive editor of the iS'cw* Yoih Independent, thus raves over the subju gation of ? the' SouthTherefore ting,, O heaven-praising bells 1 Thunder, O thanks giving guns ! '. Clang, 0 broken fetters, joining' your sweet jangla to the peal of joy I Bloom* tardy buds'of spring, make haste: to; show" yourselves under the, advancing f^et of liberty' and peaco! Rejoice ye forgotten. slain,! for yonr blood!outpburod is unwasted. 0 majestic and undivided nation- imperilled, delivered;: victorious-sing to the Lord a new Bong ! ' Blessed be the Lird God of Israel from ever- j lasting j and let all jthe people cry Amen.' " - A YASKEE ADVOCATE. - The following'! specimen of a spread r eagle lawyer's eloquence; needs no comment: - " Thou shale not kill Now, if you -Viari" my client, !you transgress the command as slick as greosej and as plump as a goOBB'egi; iii a loafer'B face. : Gentlemen, murder is murder,' whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like; my client having killed a. man; but . is thai any reason why you, should do so? .No such thing, -geutlemef; you may bring the prisoner in guilty; 'the hangman may do hw duty j but that will not exonerate you. N o such .thing... In that case you will bo: murderers:- '"Who among you is prepared far the 'brand of Ct>in to be stamped upon his brow to-day. Who, freemen-who in this land of liberty and light 1 GentlemeD, I will pledge my word not one of you bave a bowie knife or a pistol in your pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar cases and to bacco. You can smoke the tobaccn of recti tude in the pipe of a peaceful con- ! science; but hang my unfortunite client "and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viscra, until the spinal vertebrto ot your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim and goiy goblins of despair. Gentle men ! Ecwuro of committing murder ! I Beware, I gay, of meddling with the eternal prerogative ! Gentlemen, I adjure you by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder, I adjure you by the name of woman, t^ha miUDBpripg oi the UsMog timepiece,o£ Time's, ' tyeori-tical transmigration, uido no murder ! I adjure, by tbe love you have for tlie esculent '? and condimental gusto of our native pumpkin, ! to do no murder ! I adjure you by the BtarB Befc in tbe flying ensign of your emanci pated country-I adjure you by the American eaglo, that whipped tbo universal gamecock of creation, and now pita roasting on the mag netic telagrapli of Time's illustrious trans migration, to do no murder 1 And lastly, gentlemen, if ever you exprct free dogs not to bark at you-if you ever expect to wear boots made of the ltocky mountain buffalo- and, to sum up all, if you ever exp?ct to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut throated, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down to indistinctabity, acquit my client, and save your country." The prisoner was acquitted. THE BURNT OFFERINGS or FASHION.-Tbe Pall Mall Gazette, in vituperating ciinoline, fays the frenzy haa smitten all tbe sex. " The very Irish maida of all-work, dting the door steps on their knees in fog and frost, are as prodigal of their persons and Bpread as com plicated a machinery and as ample a crowd of canvas as is displayed by a mistreaB of the robes1 at a state ball A Royal personage, attired in fiowingrobes of costly material, surrounded at a respectable distance by her Court, or leading over polished parquets a solemn Polonaise, through a succession of noble galleries, may be the right woman in the ri«ht dress. At any rate, she is stately and pleasant to look upon. But fifty or a hundred girls, encum bered with robes of similar calibre, perspiring, hustling, nnd treading ou each others' dresses, and trying, in vain, as they struggle vehemently around some small and crowded room, to control and disentangle their skirts, are by no means so gratifying to behold, no matter how lovely the actresses, or how becoming their costumes may have been,- before they went into action. A girl's ball-dress in 1805 costs from £8 to £15, that of a married woman from £15 to £50. and a single well-sustained and spirited evening's dancing not unfrequen'ly demolishes the complicated structure alto gether, the very first lime it is worn. "With care and good luck, a girl who does not dance very violently may wear her dress twice certainly not more than three times. After each dance, ball-rooms aru now-a- days strewn with fragments of the fray, tora off in the melee; and a temporary accident ward, is invariably rigged up in the neighbourhood of the supper- room, whither the wounded may be led for surgical advice and assistance." 