STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH. "The memory of the just is blessed," and in every Christian country the duty is recognised of perpetuating the remembrance of the gifted and the good. The Congregationalists of South Australia remember with affectionate regard the first pastor of their church, the Rev. Thomas Quinton Stow, who for nearly a quarter of a century identified himself, not only with the affairs of his own denomination, but with almost every noble and philanthropic institution in the colony; and as an evidence of their appreciation of his sterling worth, they have resolved upon erecting "The Stow Memorial Church," the foundation-stone of which was laid on Tuesday afternoon. ^We do not know with whom the idea originated of raising so noble a monument to the memory of the departed; but it appears that responses were soon made from numerous quarters, that the invitation to unity of action in this undertaking was heard even at the antipodes, and hence that in little more than two years the Committee have felt justified in commencing a superstructure which henceforth will be known as "The Stow Memorial Church." > The following is a description of the building. kindly supplied to us by Mr R.G. Thomas, the architect;- 'Ths building will be in the early Gothic style, and will when complete accommodate on the ground floor 850 persons, including all sittings. Galleries are proposed over the south entrance and over the transepts for the orchestra, increasing the accommodation to 1.150. These, however, excepting the orchestra, are not intended to be constructed at present The total length of the building will be 142 feet, and the breadth at the nave and aisles 62 feet, and at the transepts 83 feet A tower and spire will abut against the eastern transept, but on all other sides will rise directly from the ground; the ground storey will form a lobby and entrance to the church. The height when completed will be 170 feet from the pavement The foundations of the tower are laid three feet betow the surface, upon a bed of concrete formed with Portland cement in place of lime, and the foundations are eight feet wide. The walls of the tower are five feet below, and are continued above four feet in thickness. The principal entrance of the church, fronting Victoria-square, will have a projecting portico, with freestone columns supporting pointed arches and an open parapet, above which will be a large four-light ' window with geometrical tracery. The two transepts will have wheel windows in their gables, with similar tracery. The interior of the church will be divided into nave and aisles by columns supporting arches, and a clerestory from which the principal light will be derived, 'The aisles are very narrow, as they are merely intended to serve as passages, and will only have occasional sittings placed in them. The columns, therefore, will nowhere interrupt the view of the platform. The interior will be lofty, the ceiling, of hexagonal shape, being 43 feet from the floor, and will be plastered. The clerestory will be lighted by eight windows, of three lights each, having geometrical tracery. A platform, enclosed with railings, will be placed opposite the entrance, and over the platform will be the organ gallery and orchestra. There will be three vestries behind the platform, also staircases leading to the proposed transept galleries and to the organ gallery. The building will be entirely constructed of Glen Osmond stone and Glen Ewan freestone, the front portico and the spire being wholly of freestone. The building will be of the most substantial and durable character, and not devoid of ornament. The contract, which does not include the upper part of the tower and spire, amounts to 7,650 The hour appointed for laving the foundation stone was 3 p.m. The weather was delightfully fine and cool, and there were consequently present at least 700 or 800 spectators. The proceedings were commenced with the singing of a hymn commencing with the verse:— ' UOhou to whom, in ancient time, The lyre of Hebrew bards was strung, Whom kings adored in songs sublime, And prophets praised with glowing tongue.' The Rev. M. H Hodge then read the following portions of the Sacred Scriptures:— 1st Chron. xxix. 10-15, 1st Cor. iil 9-17: and the Kev. John GraBah offered the dedicatory prayer. Mr. Tiiomas Gbavis then read the following list of articles deposited in a bottle, hermetically sealed, to be placed in the cavity of the foundation stone :— The Rtgtitcr and Advertiser newspapers -)f that day's date ; the Telegraph of the day preceding ; copy of the programme of the day's proceedings; 15th annual report of the South Australian Home missionary Society ; report of the proceedings of the 15th yearly meeting, and of the 15th half-yearly meeting of the Congregational Union of South Australia; a copy of Mr. blow's dedicatory dis course on the opening of Freeman-street Chapel, and of his address on laying the foundation-stone ; copy of .Mr. Binney's sermon in aid of Stow .Me morial Church; and the following statement printed on parchment:— 'This document is placed in the foundation stone of an edifice to be erected for the worship of jod, and to be called the Stow Memorial Church, in memory of the late Kev. Thomas Quin ton Stow, the first pastor of the congregation for whose immediate use the building is raised, ami the father and founder of the Congregational deno mination of South Australia. 'The stone is laid by Alexander Hay, Esq., on this seventh day of February, 1S65, in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of Her Most Cracioas Majesty Queen Victoria, His Excellency Sir Doruinick lialy being Governor of the pro vince; the Kevs. John Graham of Sydney. M. H. Hodge, G. Stonehouse, C. \V. Evan, aud F. \V. Cox taking part in the service held on the occasiou. 'The erection of this place of worship is under taken by the Church now assembling in Freeman street Chapel, the Kev. C. W. Evan being Pastor, and Henry Giles, Matthew Goode, I'arrington Smedley. and Alexander Hay. Deacons. 'The order and discipline of the Church is Con gregational or Independent, as set forth in the Declaration of Faith, Church Onler, and Discipline issued by the Congregational Union of England ynil Wales. '* 'Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost/ <"The Committee under whose supervision the Memorial Church is erected consists of the Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A.; R. D. Hanson, Chief Justice: Thomas Graves, Treasurer; John Brown, Secre tary : John Davis, Horace Dean, Robert Davenport, William Parkin, Thomas Barlow, William Berry, Samuel Davenport, William Hanson. Henry Giles, Matthew Goode, Carrington Smedley, Clement Sabine, Robert Stuckey, Charles Todd, George White, Alexander Hay. "Architect, R. G. Thomas. Builders, English and Brown." > Mr. Alexander Hay, having engaged to perform the act of laying the foundation-stone, was pre sented by Mrs. Evan with a silver trowel for that purpose, upon which was engraved the following inscription:— 'Presented to Alexander Hay, Esq., by the ladies of the congregation of Freeman utrcet Church, on the occasion of the laying of the foundation-stone of the Stow Memorial Church Adelaide. February 7th. 1SG5.' Mr. Hay then performed the ceremonial, and addressed the assembly as follows :— Dear Friends — Engaged as we now are in laying the foundation stone of a new building, intended to be used as a place of meeting for the public worship of. God, we are not situated as those colouists were who took an active part in laying the foundation-stone and in building Freeman-street ChapeL At that time nearly everything connected with the penuaueut progress and stability of our colonial institutions was comparatively untried. In the year 1840 pro ductive industry had scarcely made a beginning. Only very few persons were then engaged in pastoral pursuits; farmers had not had time to prove the bo 1 and climate to know if corn could be profitably produced: our rich mine3 had not then been dis covered; our commerce was but small, a3 we had little or no produce to export ; our manufactories were few; little had been done towards forming educational institutions. Under those circum stances Mr. Stow, and those who acted with him in laying the foundation-stone of Freeman-street Chapel needed to exercise much faith regarding the success uf what was then a great under taking. I thank our Heavenly Father that they did exercise such faith, that they did build our chapel, for thereby they have been the instru ment of doing much good, I am sure you will agree with me that we are altogether in a much more encouraging position now. Bince then our progress has been gradual and prosperous. During the last 25 years our squatters nave prospered, and our nocks and herds bavelargelv increased: our farmers liave proved that there are few countries where corn can be grown to greater perfection and more profitably than this; rich mines have been discovered and profitably worked; our commerce lias largely increased; educational institutions have grown up pmougst usr we have a number of manufactories; and our exports are counted by millions sterling. Jjookipg at these things we have much to encourage ns in the work we bare begun of building a new and commodious church that will be somewhat in unison with the improved buildings in the city and surrounding country. God has ble=sed us as a colony and people. Many from their increased means are enlarging and beautifying their dwellings and places of business; large and sub stantial public buildings are being erected: the House of God ought certainly not to be left behind, but should share in the general improvement. In my opinion, it ought to be one of the best buildings in the city. I am clad, therefore, the people belonging to the original Congregational Church in Adelaide have determined to build this new sanctuary. 1 trust the blessing of (Jod may rrsl on those engaged in this work— that manv shall yet come to worship here, and thereby be led to see the evils of sin, and to seek righteousness through Jesus Christ our Saviour. Respecting the name by which this place of worship is to be known— the Stow Church- it is a just tribute to the memory of one whose name is universally and flatly respected throughout this colony, in all the Australian Colonies, and by those to whom he is known in England. In connecting the name of our late respected pastor with this building we are following the example of other Churches, both in Britain and this colony. In Scotland the Presby terian Church has its Erskine Churches, its Gal lespy Churches; and on North-terrace, Adelaide, we nave the Chalmers Church— names that those Churches delight to hongur. In giving the name of Stow to this Church we are handipg down to posterity the name of one whose labours are worthy to be remembered, and whose example is worthy of imitation. It wa3 well for the Christian Uhurch here that Mr. Stow came so pariy to this colony. He was the instrument in the hand of God in hying the foundation of much tl&l; has tended to the prosperity of the cause o: Lhrist jn thy new country. 1 had the pleasure of listening to his teaching in the primitive building on aorta-terrace 2fi years ago. I have often listened to his teaching m our present place of worship, and I am satisfied no man was ever more anneus todo his Great Master's work, and to build up the Kingdom of Christ Mr. Stow was an earnest and devoted servant of God. He was ever reauy to take an active part in any movement that he believed would forward the in terests of religion or educat.on. For a number of ycare after his arrival he ^TuiW amongst the people in anc around Adelaide. When the population increased and extended into the country district hetcwk \- an active part in the formation and working of our P*me Missionary Society, with the view of ex wuung tta preaching of the Gospel to the outer districts I of |Lc co'uny. He was zealous iu the ? cause of the British a'nd Forjign Bible Society. He ? ite'^^remuchinpSutics; but when the P9J{t«3an forgot his mission and sou«Tit to meddle with religion Air. Stow came forward and did good 5£™** m retaining to the colony the religious l^yon which it was originally founded. But fSr£S » .1? otllt;r lab°urs out of si«.ht« aild looking at the good he did as a Christian numster. I believe we are fulfilling a duty in asso oating his name with the church we are now SSiiS^ 1 tra*t many young ministers will {™XJ *? ''M he has set themof devotcdness j i »taMS? o£ th'i Ureat Master. I would only aua nut lnope our present pastor, Mr. Evan, may long enjoy health and strength to labour with great success in the church of which we have just laid the foundation-stone. Another hymn was now sung, after which The Kev. C. W. Evan delivered the following address :-Christian Friends— The present hour to us is a t-olemn and a joyful one. We are assembled to lay the foundation of a house which we have purposed to build unto the name of the Lord our God, and to invoke His blessing on the work of our hands. Memories of the past and anticipa tions of the future crowd upon our minds. It is now fully a quarter of a century since the first stone of the old sanctuary in Freeman-street was laid. Some who were present on that occasion, having received contiuued help of God, are here this day; and they will scarcely fail to bring together in their minds the two spectacles, with their material adjuncts and surroundings, aud to be impressed and instructed by the contrast. But some, and we imagine no small proportion of those who wit nessed with peculiar interest the proceedings of that day with their revered pastor, who spoke to them words of truth and wisdom, happily pre served to us, have passed into a world where there is no more laying of foundations, nor need of ' temples made with hands.' It is a reason for ilevout satisfaction aud thankfulness that the 25 years which have elapsed since that day have so largely fulfilled the hopes which were then indulged and expressed, not only in relation to the particular Christian work in which our friends and fathers were engaged, but also in relation to the general interests ef this province, which, at the tune, was only in the third year of its existence. And on the present occasion, which has a commemorative as well as a prospective aspect, most fitting is it that we should devoutly praise the God of Heaven for the blessings which he has poured on this land, for the develop ment of its rich material resources, the growth and extension of its commerce, the progress and the general prosperity of its population, the diffusion of knowledge, the advancement of true religion, the hopeful measure of unity and brotherhood that has marked the Churches of Christ, and the happy immunity we enjoy from religious imposts and restrictions, which in other lands arc a source of painful irritation and estrangement Most fitting is it, too, that we should render unto God hearty Chunks for all that was achieved by our sainted friend, whose memory is so closely associated with his service, and by men like-minded with him, *ho so manfully did their put in laying ;he foundations of the varied interests of this immunity. We associate Mr. Stow's name with the edifice which is thus begun, believing the act :o be in every way appropriate, in harmony with sacred usage, and pleasing to God. No one icquainted with our principles and practices as a lenomination will lay hero-worship to our charge, ir impute to us any tendency to the adoration of saints. We worship only the one living God, the Saviour of mankind; but we desire, after the ixample of ' the Churches in Judea,' to glorify liod in his servants, and by raising the sacred edifice as a memorial to Mr. Stow, we express our Esteem ami reverence for iiis character as that of in eminent servant of Christ, who, in a position peculiarly trying aud responsible, firmly and faith iul'y did his Master's work, and served his genera tuni. We acknowledge the obligations under which we are laid to his life and teaching, and we seek to transmit his name to our posterity in this land as a name prominently associated with all chat was good and true and sacred to the early history of the colony. With respect to the archi tecture of the Memorial Church, it is intended, in accordance with the progress of events, the better circumstances of our people, and the iniDroved baste of the times, to present a goodlier form and more attractive feature than its venerable prede cessor in Freeman-street. In this good laud into which God hath brought us— a land abounding with materiajs of wealth— a land of wheat and barley, aud vines, and fig-trees, and pomegranates —a land of oil. olives, and honey, wherein we eat bread without scarceness, nor lack anything in it— in this good land where it may be said of us as a people that our flocks aud herds are multiplied, and our silver and gold are multiplied, and all that we have are multiplied— surrounded as we are on every hand by signs of social prosperity aud grow ing wealth-it were humiliating, indeed, if the House of God stood forth the type of poverty and meanness. It is gratifying to observe the growth uf our city and its improved architectural develop ments: and shall we not desire that among our better edifices our sanctuaries may stand -orth graceful and comely, as well as a prominent wit ness for those higher interests and purer enjoy ments which, amid the absorbing pursuits of secularism, all are too prone to forget' We think it no sign of degeneracy iu our Congregational :hurches that iu the matter of architecture they should elect to depart from the enforced simplicity mil plainness of their Puritan ancestors. Ail liouour to those noble meti who, oppressed and impoverished by unrighteous enactments, raised into God their humble sanctuary iu any by-lane or llley where they could find an asylum. Would *e had more of their fidelity to conscience ind to Christ We honour them, but we congra ;ulate ourselves, and thank God, that the perse .uting demon which harassed them has been .'liaineil, if not exorcised from the land of our 'attars, and devoutly d« we tuist that its polluted jrcath may never contaminate the free atmosphere if this laud. As Cougregationalists we are no longer very poor, and we are unwilling that mean ind unsightly sanctuaries should proclaim our poverty ot taste, a;iil a mow deplorable deficiency .n the grace of liberality. There is a growing and, vs we believe, a healthy desire tbat the Christian sanctuary shouid exhibit in its structure and ar rangements some worthiness of the purpose to which it is consecrated. It is our hope and belief that in the building to be erected here, though no ihekioal splendour may glow within its walls, things beautiful and glorious, as well as irue, will be presented to the eye of the soul; and is it not meet that the material should be in soma sort of harmony with the spiritual- typical, ind suggestive of those higher and fairer things, and not painfully incongruous with them? We sympathize in the opinion expressed by one, that God iu:tv be praised by the spirit of sacrifice itid the material beauty and the expressions of thoughts— aunsiwitli which our sanctuary buildings may be instinct! It is not my intention to follow :he practice sometimes obierved on occasions like the present of giving a statement of our denomi national principles. We have our distinctive tenets aud usages ; hut it is more in harmony with uur feelings at this moment 10 confers and to iiideavour mure fully to realize our unity with all »ho love the Lord Jesus Christ iu sincerity than to dwell on those minor matters wherein we differ from them. We rejoice that we may claim sub stantial oneness with all who believe iu God the Father, in Jesus Christ the Saviour, and in the Holy Ghost the Comforter. We can point to no creed as the embodiment of our theology. That theology may iiuleed be found for the most part in the three cre&is; of the ancient Church -the Apostolic Creed, the Kicene Creed, and the Euthanasian Creed, and iu the Thirty-nine Articles if the Church of England; but we accept none of ;hese as authoritative. They are interesting to us, but chiefly ? as expressions of )pinion on the part of those who framed them, ivritten indeed for our learning, but not for our iaw. The Declaration of Faith issued by the English Congregational Uuion may fairly set forth ;he things which we commonly belie veil among us; but it is not binding on our consciences, for we lave not endorsed it with our hands. We ackno w: ledge no authority, only the Divine teaching of the Scriptures; but we do not admit that our theology is therefore vague and uncertain. There prevails among us a sub^tant.al agreement as to the great verities of Christiamty-an agreement, we venture to think, not the less real or marked than exists in other Churches which think fit to adhere to certain formalities of faith as the au thoritative standards. And it is our confideut hope that whoever may be spared to witness the com pletion of this building, anil whoever may worship and teach within its walls, prominence will be given to those great central verities to which we one ourULstory and position asadenomination— the everlasting Gospel, the Gospel for -all times and generations, will be preached here in its Divine ful ness, and that in connection with its ministry and by the iiovrer of the Divine Spirit there shall be built up within the material structure a perfect house, composed of lively stones, and resting on no other foundation than that of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Clirist being the cornerstone. And my earnest prayer is that all who witness and partici pate la the laying of this foundation-stone, and those who shall hereafter assemble in the building, may, through the grace of God, be found resting ou the foundation of the Lord, which standeth sure, and be built into that living temple that shall never crumble or decay. Our material sanctuaries, however firmly founded and strongly built, are doomed to fall and peiish, and in their perishable ness they a.e fitting types of our ecclesiastical systems. Episcopalianism however venerable, Presbyterianism however strong, Methodism how ever mighty, Congregationalism and the hundred forms of polity, whatever their pretensions, are temporal and perishable tilings; but the true Church of God, composed of adherents of all these systems, shall live and abid»{or ever and ever, for it is founded on the Kock of Ages, and the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it Be it our ambition to be true and worthy members of that glorious Church ! But to conclude, as we coih template the engagements of this hour in their probable issues, we cannot better express our thoughts and emotions than in the earnest and appropriate words used by Mr. Stow when the old sanctuary was begun:— 'Memorable ant auspicious hour in which we lay the first stone of an edifice for God, au edifice for the Gospel, an edifice for the Church, an edifice for souls! Here shall be proclaimed 'the glorious Gospel of the blessed God.' Here the praises and prayers of the Church shall ascend to God. Uere God shall fulfil Hi) condescending promise to be with His assembled people and manifest His glory. Here believers shall receive gracious visitations— 'seasoua of refreshing from the Lord'— al chimerical and visionary' to the worldling, but all reality and substance and glory to those who have seen and tasted and handled the Werd of Life. Here the tears of the penitent shall flow- the hard heart shall break and pour forth its deep stream of godly sorrow before the Lord. Here the burtheneu and agitated conscience shall find peace at the sight of the Cross. Here many an aching, sorrowing spirit shall be made to rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory. Here our families shall resort, and be trained for (Jod and for immortality. Here the youth of our city shall imbibe principles whicli shall be their guard amongst the vile and hateful corruptions of the worid. And here the ased Christian shall bend his heavy steps, and his faded eye shall be lighted up with the hopes ot that 'temple not made with hauds, eternal in the heavens,' which he is so soon to enter. Though we thus speak it is not in the spirit of boa,tiW or self confidence. We believe in God; we lieheve also in His Son Jesus Christ; we believe in the Holy Ghost Hence we expect these things: 'The God of Heaven He will prosper us: therefore we His servants will aiise and build.' ' , , . ,. A. collection was now made, and the proceedings were terminated by the Kev. G. Stonehouse offer ing 'prayer and the Kev. John Graham pronouncing the benediction. ? Tea axd Public Meeting. In the evening a tea meeting was held at the Freeman- street Chapel. There were 7o0 tickets =old and probably nearly that number present. At 7 o'clock a public meeting was he;d in the chapel. There was a very large attendance. Mr. Shakespeare presided at the harmonium, am whilst the audience were assembling performed '?'The Cuius Anema,' from Kossinis btao: Mater '' His Honor the Chief Justice presided. :, After singing the 229th Hymn, and prayer had been offered by the Bev. C. Manthorpe, . The Chaiemak remarked that the occasion of their meeting that evening was one which was necessarily infrequent in tho history of the Christian Church. Many of those present would not be likely to be present at a similar gathering i in connection with that church. The occasion of laying the foundation-stone of a Christian temple was a circumstance which, viewed under every aspect, was pleasing and hqpefuL Loeking back to the period when :he building in which they were' then assembled was first- elected, it would be remembered by many present that it was the only me then in the colony in connection with the [Congregational body. Since that time, however, separate churches and congregations had been atabiished within the province, whilst in that juilding the congregation had continued to worship ip to the present tune. In laying the foundation -i a new temple then- position was not like the old nen who, when they saw the foundations of the second temple laid, wept in retuembrauce of the tlory that had departed. It was rather like that of he men who were present at the commencement )f ihe first temple, which was so well adapted to heir national requiremente. But they could lot but feel something of mournfulness a the reflection of the loss of their late pastor, rho founded Congregationalism in this colony. Measured by his years, he left them early; but ncasured by his z^al and earnestness, and in con lectiou with the gieat achievements he had iccoinplished, they could not but rejoice in the :onviction that the work he had performed was of mmeiise advantage -such as would never be liaken by any adverse circumstances, or by all the torniy winds and tempests, that might beat upon t. (Applause.) Congregationalism had this pecu iariiy, that those who were connected with it had uugjit more extensively than perliaps any other ?eliyious body the inherent right of perfect freedom )f action in respect to all matters of Church orga lizition. faith, and worship. They had no power o interfere with the organization or affairs of any ither body, but they claimed the same exemption rom all external interference or control for them selves. This was inherent in their very coustitu ion, and in this respect they differed from any irevious Church organization with which he was icquainted. They claimed the inherent right of elf-government in regard to everything con lected with the faith and discipline of :ach individual Church, and the result of his had been the more extensive recognition of a irinciple which he believed to be founded in the ery nature of things, and was therefore of uni ersal application. With respect, however, to ither denominations, he had always felt that the mints upon which they agreed were of infinite iin iprtance as compared with those upon which they litfered. and in this colony in particular the recog lition of this principle was becoming more and nore extensive. (Applause.) The Kev. C. W. Evan, Pastor of the Church, ras then called on, and made the following eport:— The Committee of the Stow Memorial Church have thought it desirable that a few facts etative to the origin and progress of the move nent should be laid before this meeting. This I rill endeavour to do as briefly as possible. Shortly fter the lamented death pf Mr. Stow tlie idea was ntertaiued of electing a monument to his leuiory of a somewhat costly character, and rhich should be simply and exclusively a memeuto 0 his worth. With that idea in that form some f us did not sympathize. We felt that such a lonuinent would lack congruity with his hie and haracter as a minister. When, however, the lea was modified, aud it wa3 resolved to rect a monument of a simpler kind at the rave, and to which the maximum of sub L-ription should be half a guinea, we agreed a the proposal, feeling that that would not mpoverish our friends and prevent the erec ion of a more important memorial which should ave a visible relation to the aims and objects of is life, and contribute to the furtherance of the reat work to which his energies were consecrated, t was our conviction that there coidd not be a lore fitting memorial of Mr. Stow than a sacred dilice where the Church, which during a pastorate f nearly 20 years had been the object of his olieitude, should worship— where the truths and rinciples which he had so ably advocated should e maintained and propagated. This conviction ras strengthened by our knowledge of the fact liat the election of a new sanctuary in con ection with the old Church was with Mr. Stow, )i some time before his death, a matter of arnest desire and hope. The proposal to erect such memorial edifice was therefore brought before iie Church and congregation, and there prevailed happy degree of unanimity respecting it. Persons jnnected with other Churches and denominations ^pressed their sympathy with the movement and leir readiness to assist in fathering it. ACom littee was formed, and contributions solicited. ji acre of lanJ was secured in a very eligible situa on, and at a very reasonable price. Designs for le building were called for, and that of Mr. B. G. homos was selected a3 being, on the whole, most 1 accordance with the views of the Committee, he style is Gothic, of the early period -«f Eng md, with forms -adapted from French, Italian, iothic, modified to suit the climate and our Pro tstant worship. The ceiling will be hexagonal, ad the upuer portion will be nearly flat. The eight of the ceiling from the floor at the ave will 1* 43 feet. There will be a se in the floor of 13 inches. The plat ?rm will be at the north end, opposite the ntrance, and from the arrangements of the lurch there will be no seats without a view of le minister. There will be three vestries attached, ?n the eastern side where the foundation-stone as lieea laid a tower and spire of cut freestone 'ill rise to the height of 170 feet, the lower part of tie tower forming an additional entree. The con wet for the Imildinpr, by English «*c Brown, U .7,«550, which includes the lower portion of the wer to the springing of the roof. The internal ttinjis, architect's commission, and other neces ;iry expenses will increase that sum to about £.500. The sums received and promise-Hon-ards lie object up to the present time amount in round unilwrs to iU.3U0. Of this we have paid il.tWO -r the land, reducing the amount to £3,300, Ve require, therefore, at least £5.0t0 to render the uilding lit f.ir occupation. From this we nwy erhaps deduct tiie value of the present property, hicli would reduce that sum to about £3,!.W. To nish the spire about £1,500 more will be reiinbed, nd without the spire the memorial would look ery incomplete. (Hear, hear.) And, ajrain, ch oi-l rooms must be provided, so that 1 have circely the courage to express in figure.; the 'ot il mount that will !-e required to complete the uidr iikiii'-:. Hut I have great faith . in our genenms riends, whose hearts are in the work, that with a ttle brotherly help from members of o her hurdies they will ful'y accomplish what th-y ave begun, and that they will not sutler bu:1i , building to groan under a heavy debt. We have eceived a not-le contribution of iSiO fr -ni Air. Jinney, which he obtained for us by hii personal xertiuns. (Cheers.) Our excellent friend Mr. loakins, of Hobart Town, has sent us £100. Our Sydney friends at Pitt-street, whose praise f»r ibcrality is in?all our Churches, in all Australia .nd Britaiu, sent us a very handsome contribution or our bazaar, the Sydney stall being one of the hief attractions on the occasion. There is another leutlemau who deserves mention on this occasion -cne »f the most excellent of the good— and mder whose hospitable roof Mr. Stow fell asleep, [ohn Fairfax, whom 1 refer to, is in our list ?f subscribers. Some gentlemen in thw colony rom whom we expected aid withhold as yet their ympathy from the movement. Occasionally a, emark, appearing to us unkind and uncharitable las been made to the effect, for instance, that we ire seeking to get other people to build a church or us. We certainly seek the help of others, as re have rendered help to others in times past. Cheers.) But when I state that the members of he Committee alone, numbering about 20 gentle uen, immediately connected with this Church ind congregation, have subscribed £2,000 towards ;liis object-nearly one-half of the entire amount -btained— and that they have it in their hearts to lo still more. I think this fact is suUicient to clear is from any unfriendly imputations of that kind. IVe earnestly hope that this meeting will not be illowed to pass without some considerable progress nade towards the attainment of our object. as follows :— "That this meeting would devoutly acknowledge the measure of Divine blessing vouchsafed to the labours of this Church in past years, and would cherish the hope that the sanctuary about to be erected for its use will prove the means of ex tending its usefulness and of advancing the interests of our common Christianity." > lie had listened with a good deal of pleasure to the address of the Chairman, and the statement that Congregationalism was so very liberalin its principles. This was proved by the circumstance of himself— a Presbyterian— being called upon to move the first resolut.on. He, however, did not adruit that either Congregationalism or Presby terianism was anything more than the scaffolding of the building— it was not the Church itself. Still he did not underestimate Church govern ment, and it was evident that the Conjrrega tionulists themselves did not do so. The church in which they were then met was a plain edifice. It could not boast of the 'dim religious light' belonging to the more noble stately edifices; but it had what was of infinitely greater momeu'— the light of God's countenance nnd the blessing of the Most High. (Applause.) The proposal to ereit a church in commemoration of their late lamented pastor was a happy thought, and that which they were about to build would not only be upon a fooling of equality with the surrounding buildings, hut, as appeared from the report, it would throw them all into the shade. He, however, would not make a long speech, but bo w to the authority of an Independent brother who had admonished him that he must not occupy much of their time. (Applause ) that he would be very brief, as he was a man of action and not of words. They had ample testi mony that the Divine blessing had been upon them, and if they followed out the teachings of their late pastor, who was even then perhaps looking down upon them from on high, they might confidently hope that the blessing of God would be continued to them in the future. In ages gone by, when the mechanism of the universe was less understood than at present, many of the phenomena of nature were inter preted as menacing to the human race. Thus, in the year 65 a sword-shaped comet was seen, and it was associated in the minds of thousands with the destruction of Jerusalem. Might they not with equal reason regard the comet of 1865 as an omen for good, and as prognosticating the suc cessful completion of the great work they had that day commenced. (Hear and applause. Their friends in North Adelaide had in one respect made a mistake. They commenced a magnificent building, but had not even now finished it. He hoped that they would set a better example— that they would aspire to completing the Stow Memorial Church, tower and all; and when finished their friend Mr. A. Hay would present them with an organ, upon which Mr. Shakespeare he was sure would be glad to play. (Cheers.) The motion was carried unanimously. > The Bev. J. G^a^am moved the second resolu tion as follows :— 'That this meeting regards with satisfaction and thankfulness the provision made for religious worship and teaching in this city, and would earnestly solicit co-opention for the erection of a sanctuary in association with the memory of one who laboured so faithfully and successfully for the best interests of the colony.' He said he felt a very solemn feeling steal over his heart when reflecting upon the proceedings of that day. When he saw the large number of persons of various denominations assembled to witness the ceremonial of the afternoon, he felt very deeply the solemnity and importance of the undertaking; and when he saw the banner of England floating over them, he reflected with tha deepest thankful ness upon the f;ici that they were living under the rale of Queen Victoria and of the ureatest Power upon earth, because in the enjoyment ef the most unlimited civil ar.d religious freedom. He could not help contrasting their privileges with j the restrictions placed upon the people by the Government of France, and lie rejoiced in the thought that the vast continent of New Holland was subject to the mill dominion of Great Britain. He could not look with an invidious eye upon other denominations, for if he did he would hear the voices of the great and good and noble of past ages of various denominations— of Kiilley and Latimer. of Knox, Wesley, and John Bunyan— reproving him for his narrow sectarianism. They had no time nor any reason to quarrel with other denominations. As stated by Nelson to one of the officers who boarded the Victory just before a naval engagement, ' Theie is no time for squabbling when the enemy is in view.' When they saw the efforts of the enemies of truth and virtue and the desolation they might occasion, they were proud to unite for the purpose of truth and virtue. The rev. gentleman proceeded to relate some anecdotes illustrative of the advantages of Christhn union, and urged the importance of a general association amongst the various religious bodies in the colony. He stated that he had been in no cityin the Australian Cplonieswhere there weie so mauj and such fine buildinas erected for the worship ot God, in comparison with its population, as in Adel.ide. He remarked that iu the human soul the noblest faculty was pre-eminently the residence of God himself, with whom they would have to do to eternity. They could not leave out of the human psychology the religious sentiment, for the greatest works which had ever been under taken in our world, the best books that had ever been written, the noblest buildings ever erected, the greatest battles that had ever been fought, the greatest and wisest men that had ever lived - all were associated with the religious sentiment. He was glad of the attempts made towards unity of purpose amongst professing Christians, and if there was anything he would borrow from the Episcopalians it would be the silence, the reve rence, and the responses of the service of that Church. (Hear am,' applause.) He abominated levity in the house of God, of which he had fre luently seen examples amongst those of whom better things might have been expected. Scotland stood pre-eminent even amongst the islands of Ureat Britain for the intelligence of its people; ind he attributed this to the circumstance that for iges an intelligent and earnest ministry had im- { pressed upon that stalwart and noble people . the great truths of Christianity. He wished, fiowever, to state, in connection with this, that in tiis opinion a Scotchman who was destitute of , religion was one of the worst of characters. This iras the natnial result of a general law by which' , ;he best of things when abused became the worst ' The resolution referred to the erection of a sane ;uary in association with the memory nf one who ? laboured so faithfully and successfully for the best j interests of the colony. He hoped, however, that . he house of God in which they were then assem- ' tiled would never be devoted to mere mercantile purposes. He hoped they would say definitely pd resolutely tbat the building should be retained 'or religious uses, and for suca other purposes as were connected with the moral and spiritual im provement of the people. The rev. gentleman ;hen urged the importance of united action ; md Christian liberality in regard to the Stow Memorial Church, and remarked that unless this fas acted upon the taunt might be raised this jeople ^ ' began to build, but was not able to ; inish.'* He stated, some pleasing circumstances llustrative of the lilwrality of the Church in ?ydney, and remarked that if the wealthy men of ;his c»lony did that which might be expected from ] hem they might soon raise the entire sum for the irection of the Stow Memorial Church. He did lot see why other denominations should not ' mite in this work. He threw out the hint, not to ? lttend them; they might take the hint or not if ? hey chose, for he would leave them to ast as they )Ieased with all the liberality and freedom claimed ? -y even his friend the llev. Mr. Gardner. (Cheers.) ' There were many persons woo were always com- ? -laining that they could not find any comfort— any ltippiness in the doctrines they heard orthe services hey attended. Well, the best recipe he could give { hem was that they should work for God, allow heir affections to expand.unf old their hearts to (Jod, itiJ with heart aud hand endeavour to do all they ' :ould to promote the best interests of others. By J in active, unselfish life of usefulness they would ixperience a happiness which mere doctrine could ' lever give. An opportunity was now afforded ' hem for the exercise of their Clmstian liberality, -y the exercise of which they would show their ' espect for the memory of a man who was the riend of freedom, the friend of God, and the j nend of man. (Applause.) ' Mr. R. A. Taultox seconded the resolution, and emarked that the work in which they had been ( hat day engaged would be remembsred by them ' n after life as an important epoch— a sunny spot n the history of the past. He felt that it was his i tounden duty to bear his testimony to the ' [enerosity and Christian sympathy of their late lastor, the Rev. Thomas Quiutou Stow. He ] Mr. Tarlton) arrived here in bad health, and was J issured by his physician that he could not ensure lis living a year longer; but the Rev. Thomas \ iuinton Stow found him out, and poured into his ' leart the words of consolation and of hope. Applause.) Down in the depths of the ocean the ' oral insects worked silently forages, till in thelong ourse of time the aggregated particles rose above ! he surface of thedashing billows, was covered with J ?e^etation, aud finally became the abode of man. iut great; as were these changes, they were not neater than those whicli the Kev. Mr. Stow was ! irivilegcd to witness from the time he fiist arrived ipou this continent till the period of his death. L'he material changes which civilization had ' illected wese but the outward symbols of the great piritual changes and progressions which the late iev. Mr. Stow was instrumental in commencing ' imongst them ; and if the children of this world 1 lonouied their illustrious dead, ought not the 'hristian to do the same? (Cheers.) He did not hat evening ask them to assist in the erection of a useless pyramid, or a triumphal arch such as the indents raL-ed to perpetuate the memory of i heir icreat heroes; but he solicited their co- . -peration in the erection of an edifice whicli ; i .hould be ail honour to God, and which ' i vould be dedicated to His worship aud service. I lie asked them to give according to their means, lot unwisely. He asked nothing of the bankrupt, i -ut hoped that all of them wo Id contribute of 1 h.* abundance with which God had blessed them. ' i lie asked them to give liberally, so that their dona- 1 i ions, as compared with what hail hitherto been :ontributed or promised, would be but as the iron : md brass to the gold and silver to which the indent Hebrew prophet referred. (Applause.) i 'Ihe n ofon was put and carried, and u collection v i ; n ad towards the building fund. Mr. T.iULT ft stated that the sale of tickets had -cilized £-i-; tray--, £11; the collection just made, f«-— making a total that evening of £1(M. This, ovever, was hut a very small portion of what h sy expeetet1. The friends would now wait upon ii.eai to received an v pomises of future donations. ? Th.s was accordingly done, but the result was lot aimouuix . The following lesolution was to have been pro posed by the Kev. JaXES Jeff£RI8, and seconded tiy the Kev. James Ltall:— 'That this race nig would rejoice in any ex isting indications of a closer union and more :ordial fellowship bttweeu diti'ereut sections of the Uhurch of Christ, and earnestly prays that the progress of truth and charity may destroy the tvils of sectarianism, and that in this favoured community may be seeu the goodly spectacle of 'brethren dwelling together in unity.' ' The Cuaikuak stated that in consequence of the lateness of the hour the rev. gentlemen appointed to move this resolution had felt that they could not do justice to the subject without detaining the meeting to an unreasonably late hour. They had. therefore, consented to waive their right to address the meeting; aud the Kev. Mr. Maiichan would consequently at once move the fourth resolution. The Rev. James Maughas accordingly moved— 'That the thanks of this meeting are due and are hereby cordially presented to the ladies for their exertions in providing the tea, to His Honor the Chief Justice for presiding, and to the choir for their services.' He was surprised that he had l)een called upon to move that resolution, and disappointed that the liev. Mr. Jefleris, who was always eloquent and always listened to with very great pleasure, should have presumed to have supposed that the speech he onght to have delivered that evening would not have been acceptable because of the lateness of the hour, or because he could not do justice to the subject of the resolution. He, however, had now only to move his resolution, which would \\-e seconded and adopted, and after that they could all retire at an early hour. He experienced great pleasure in standing upon that platform to offer his tribute to the memory of one whom he had not known personally, but whose 'fame was iu all the Churches.'— (Hear)— and whose name would live in connection with the ecclesiastical edifice about to be erected long after those present had passed away from this earthly scene. The Congregational Church established in that place was, as had been stated, the parent of many other Churches in the colony, and it was but right and proper that they who' stood head and shoulders above others should have a place of worship of corresponding dimensions. The archi tectural design of the building should be in harmony with the Church itseif, as well a; a fitting memorial of the distinguished man whose name it was intended to perpetua'e. After some further allusions to the dimensions and architectural beauty of the intended church, and the delight which would be experienced when the top stone was raised, the rev. gentleman re ferred to the imperfect arrangements which had been made in respect to obtaining promises of future aid, and advised the Congregationalists to take a lesson of the Methodist body in this par ticular. He still hoped that numerous other sub scriptions would be poured in, and that those who had not yet done so would at mice do themselves? the honour of contributing to that great undertaking. In reference to the resolution, he never addressed a meeting with greater pleasure than wheu re ferring to the important assistance rendered bv the ladies to their Churches. (Cheers.) In all great efforts the assistance rendered by the ladies was invaluable. With, regard to His Honor, whom they were called upon to thank for his presiding over their prooeduws, he wished to sav that he was pleased very much with the catholic aud im portant principles he had that evening expressed. It was a great privilege that the Congregation alists had a Chief Justice connected with them, on account of the influence which his position carried with it. He would have been very glad if his, own denomin ition was similarly circum stanced. The resolution included the choir, which he understood was under the leadership of Mr. Shakespeare. They had reason for thanking them on account of the delicious music they had been favoured with. (Applause). ? Mr. (i. A. Liqip seconded the motion. It would be impertinent in him to occupy many minutes of their time, after the Kev. Air. Jcfleris and the Bev. Mr. Lyall had declined to address them on account of the lateness of the hour. They must all sympathize in the resolution. It referred to the ladies, and they would ajiree with him that whenever the ladies undertook any cause it was sure to suc ceed. (Hear). He had that afternoon seep the young ladies as busily at work as if the entire success of the Stow Memorial Church depended on them alone; . and no doubt its success would depend a very great deal upon the ladies. He observed the play of the countenance of one of the ladies whilst the Kev. Mr. Graham was delivering his eloquent addre-^ and the thought occurred to him that it that lady only held the purse-strings of her husband, the whole of the contents of the purse wouH l-e thrown into the coffers of the Stow Memorial Church. (App'.ause.) Well, they did not hold the purse-strings, but they excited an influence which, if properly directed, there would be no debt upon the building when it wa3 finished. (Hear.) Sir. Llovd theu referred briefly to His Honor the Judge and to the choir, and havinc stated ;hat he had recently arrived in the colony from Sydney and would return on the following Thursday, he said that if nine sentle mem could be found before ha left to subscr.be £20 each towards the Budding Fund, he would himself contribute the s ime amount. (Applause.) The motion was carried with acclamation. His Honor returned thanks on behalf of the ladies, the choir, and himself. He differed in opinion from the Kev. Mr. Maughan respecting the third resolution, for he thought it embodied such an important principle that it could not he expected that the rev. pent'emen whose names were attached to it could do otherwise than either to detain the audience an unreasonable length of time, or eke fail to do justice to the subject. The proceedings, of which ths above is but an outline report, were concluded at 10 o'clock by the doxology, prayer, and the apostolic benediction. 