NEWS BY THE MAIL. THE CHEAT POISONING CASE.' At 10 o'clock on Monday morning, July 3, the trial $>f D. Pritchard, on the charge of murdering his wife and mother-in-law in Glasgow, commenced in the High Court of Justiciary of Edinburgh, before the Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Ardraillan, and Lord Jerviawoode. The court-room was crowded, and many were disappointed in obtaining admission. The indictment charged the. prisoner with administering tartarised anti mony, aconite, and opium to liia mother-in law, Jane Cowper Taylor, in tapioca and ia Sorter or beer, and in a medicine called iatiey's sedative solution, between the 10th and 25th of Feb., 1865; uu\l it also charged him with administering oi\ repeated occasions in February and March, 1865,.tartarised anti mony and aconite to his wife, Mary Jane Taylor. Pritchard, ia articles of food and of medicine. The prisoner entered the dock at 10 o'clock exactly, dressed in deep mourning. He waa calm and self-possessed, and Jooked coolly round the court when* he had taken his seat. He is a Btout, well-built man, prepossessing in appearance, and with sharply-defined fea tures, He wears his hair long, and has. a large bushy beard, but no moustache. The prisoner's brother, Charles Augustus Pritchard secretary to the naval commander-in-chief, Plymouth, by permission of the court toOk his seat beside hfm in the dock, and remained with him all day. The prosecution was con ducted, in the absence of the Lord Advocate in London, by the Solicitor-General, assisted by Mr Gifford and Mr Crichton, adyocatea depute; the defence was conducted by Mr A. R. Clarke, Mr. William Watson, and Mr. David Brand, advocates. The trial lasted five days, the evidence against the prisoner, though very conclusive^ was of a purely circumstantial description, ana resulted in a unanimous verdict of guilty being returned against him by the jury. The prisoner, who had maintained great composure throughout the trial, seemed greatly affected when the verdict was pro nounced, and leant slightly on the policeman sitting beside him, but while the sentence was being recorded he completely regaied his composure, and after the sentence was passed upon him he bowed to the judge, and also to the jury, before leaving the dock. After Dr. Pritchard's conviction he wat. removed from the bar of the Justiciary Court to the cell below, where he partook of tea, Immedl tely on reaching the cell where the "refreshments were set, he said to'one of the policeman who had charge of him--"I'm innocent of this charge." This was the only remark be made. On going to take his place in the van he covered his face with his hat to prevent the largq crowd through which ibad lb pass gazing upon him.' On the ensuing night, July 7, the prisoner was very restless, like aperson in a fever. He only slept about On hour. There were three warders with him all night who engaged in religious exercises, the prisoner joining willingly with them. He frequently asserted his innocence to those around him, and said he had been convicted by mistake. It appears he was so confident that the Verdict would be in his favour, that on the 6th he stated to those around him that . She lyottld immediately go south, afterwards to Itaty to join Garibaldi. On Saturday morn ing, July 8, Dr, Pritchard was removed from the Calton Gaol, Edinburgh, to Glasgow, under the charge of a criminal officer and three assistants. The prisoner was attired in the blrfck dress suit which he had on during the trial. Before leaving the gaol lie v as shackled to the officers, and he remained fastened in this way throughout the journey. He appearedfquite composed, and looked about him with the utmost coolness. Ilis departure was witnessed by a largej number of persons who had assembled on the platform. The following extracts are from Dr. Pritchard's diary17th February, 1865.-Died here at 1 a.m., Mary Jane my own beloved wife, aged 88 years; no torment surrounded her bedside, tut, like a calm, peaceful ,lamb of God, passed Minnie away. May God and Jesus, Holy Ghost, one in three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer till mine be o'er, everlasting love. Save us, Lord, for thy dear Son." Shortly after the trial the convict made a written confession ol having murdered his wife but denied, the murder ot his mother-in law. This confession was not credited. After its publication he was visited by the Key. Dr. Norman Macleod, the Rev. Dr. Miller the Jtev. lyir. Reid, Episcopalian clergyman, and the prison chaplain. It is said that after the prisoner had remarked to one of his spiritual advisers that his confession was true, he was told that not a word of it yras believed out of doors, and that he-the minister him self-was of the same ooinion. The prisoner, it is alleged, then lay back, and looking calmly towards the ceiling of his cell, expressed him self to the effect tlmt lie had oiten wondered why Christ while on earth had experienced such difficulty in dealing with unbelievers; but that after the minister's remark he was not now surprised. On another occasion it is said that the convict began railing at his trial, and finding fault with the judge and his lead ing council, who, he said, lie believed was in league with the Crown authorities. On being reminded that a person in his position should not give vent to BUCIi expressions), he made a remark to the effect, that lie could ascend the scaffold with a smile upon his face. Some days afterwards, however, whether influenced by what his spiritual adviser had told him respecting the universal disbelief in his statement, or actuated by his own feelings, the convict made another confession, with drawing the former one, and admitting the tourder of both his wife and mother- in-law. A singular story is reported from Stock ^ holm. Captain Dombrow#ki, who played a very prominent part in the late Polish in flection, and who occupied an important post on the staff of the Russian army, and s was a great favourite with the Russian officers, many of whom he induced to join the insurrection, was ariested in August, 1862 and, there being no proofs against lum, ho was detained for 13 montliB in the citadel of Warsaw. At length, in October, 1803, a Russian officer confessed (it is said under turture) that Dombrowski had been a member of the national government, lie was then tried by court-martial, and sentenced to death but Count Berg commuted the sentence to 15 years' hard labour in Siberia, and Dom , tirowski was cent there in October, 1864. Meanwhile, further information having been obtained, sentence of death was ngain passed upon him, and an express was sent after him .to1 bring lum back for execution {. but Dom fcpoweki succeeded ip making his escape in . disguise of a woman,1' and was received with open arms by the Liberals at St. Petersburg. He might at that time easily have crossed the frontier, but he was unwilling to do so with out his young wife, whom he married whilo . In prison at Wareaw, and who had been banished to Ardatow, a village in the interior of Russia. He made his way to Ardatow, found his wife, and, after numerous adven tures, returned with her to St, Petersburg, whence they escaped through Finland to Stockholm. A striking instance of the reckless tyranny whish the great railway companies are enabled to exercise towards private individuals, has . just been made- public in the Court of Chancery. An order had been made in the case of u Mackintosh u. the Great Western Railway Compary," that the defendant should pay the plaintiff, on or before the first day of next Michaelmas Term, the sum of 148,000. .The company applied by counsel for a motion to stay tne order, on the plea that they in tended to appeal. Vice-Chancellor Stuart refused the motion with costs, remarking that the Great Western Railway Company had already kept Mr. Mackintosh out of his £148,000 for 20 years. AAo extraordinary outrage has been perpetrated by a gentleman on his brother- in law, on account of the alleged ill-treatment ot his wife. On June the 26, Captain Tennent, of Rush-park, near Belfast, was : arrested under a warrant, charged with having ttssultedCaptainDelacherois, J.P., his brother in-law, at Donaghadee, on the preceding (Sunday). It is stated that Captain Tennent drove from his father's residence at Rush-park to that of his brother-in-law, Captain Harrison, J.P., at Holy wood-house, whence he after wards $rove to Bally wills tun-cottage, and, leaving Captain Harrison with the car upon the road, he walked up to the cottage and inquired for Captain Delacherois. He was I invited to enter, and, having seen the gentle man whom he was seeking, he told him that he wished to sneak to him, Both gentlemen retired to a parlour. Captain Tennent carried with him a walking- stick, and with it ho commenced a furious attack upon Mr. "Delacherois, beatiug him about the head aud fece in a shocking manner. The blood flowed r copiously from the injured gentleman, who soon fell from exhaustion, and became . perfectly insensible. This was only the work , of a few moments. The servants in the house were not aware of the attack on their master till it was over. Captain Tennent then left the house, rejoined Captain Harrison, and drove towards Belfast. Mr. Delacherois being inavery dangerous condition, the magistrates remanded Captain Tenuent for a week, and, bail being refused, he was conveyed in the . ^custody of the police of Downnatnck Gaol by the evening train from Donaghadee. A serious encounter lias taken place between Catholics and Protestants, at Aurraghmore, in the country of Armagh, by which seven ' men of the Protestant party received gunshot wounds, and many ot hers of both sides were more or less bruised by blows from stones. One man, named Dunloy, . is so ? seriously injured that he is not expected to recover. The conflict arose out of the custom of lighting bonfires on the eve of St. Jolm's day by the Catholics of the district, which custom is Baid to have been interfered with in previous year by the Orangemen, a fact which fed to. the Catholics providing themselves this \- year with firearms, which they used on a body of Orangemen marching past them in . procession. 